




1643. 




ABRAHAM THACKER
 and 




WILLIAM RINGROSE
 were indicted for

 stealing, in the 
23rd of June, whilst employed under the Post-office, 23 post letters, the property of 

Her Majesty's Postmaster-general.—2nd and 3rd COUNTS, for embezzling and secreting the said letters.—4th COUNT, for secreting the said letters for the purpose of cheating and defrauding our Lady the Queen of certain duties of postage chargeable thereon.


MR. SOLICITOR-GENERAL
with
MESSERS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM BOKENHAM.
 I am the superintending President of the Inland department of the Post-office—the prisoner Thacker has been for some years in the service of the Post-office, first as a letter-carrier, and afterwards as a sub-sorter—he was a sub-sorter in the Inland-office on the 23rd of June—Ringrose was a letter-carrier in the 10th division, in which Lower Thames-street is included—the walks are distinguished by numbers—Lower Thames-street is No. 106 or 116, I cannot exactly say which—in the forenoon of the 23rd of June last, an East India mail arrived—according to the practice of the office the letters coming by that mail would be in the course of sorting for the different divisions in the mid-day of the 23rd of June—as the letters arrive in the mass, they are first of all divided into fifteen divisions, numbered from one to fifteen—they are divided by sorting—the letters belonging to each division are sorted to each division—all the letters of the 10th division would be transferred to Thacker, and he would then re-sort those letters at his table into the letter-carries' walks—I cannot say exactly how many walks there are in No. 10—I should say from ten to twelve—it would be the duty of the sub-sorter to divide the letters which he had previously sorted to his division, to the separate letter-carrier's walks of his division—Thacker would stand those letters up on his sorting-table which bears the names of the different walks of which the division consists, printed on the edge or back of the table—he would be on one side of the table, and the general sorters on the other—the letter-carriers did not act as general sorters on this occasion—it is the duty of the sub-sorter to place a docket bearing the number of the letter-carrier, and the name of his walk, in front of each parcel of letters—he puts the letters for each walk separately, and when the letters have accumulated to as many as can conveniently remain there, he places them upright, with a docket on them—they are then handed to the teller, who sits at another table within a short distance—it is the duty of the sub-sorter to take them, but occasionally in the press of business a messenger is employed, and frequently the President himself does it—the teller would tell up the amount of postage charged on that batch of letters, and enter the amount on the docket—they are then taken away from the teller by a messenger, with the docket, to a box appropriated to the walk to which they belong, in the letter-carriers office, which is the adjoining office; but previous to the letters being placed in the box, the messenger hands the docket to the check-clerk, who enters the amount of postage in his book—the messenger leaves the docket with the check-clerk, and places the letters in the box—at that period the letter-carrier does not see the docket—in the course of sorting the East India mail, it frequently happens that there

is more than one charge of letters taken to the box—the letters on which the docket is put are called a charge of letters—I do not know how many charges there were that morning of the East India mail for the Lower Thames-street division—supposing there were two, the same ceremony would be gone through in each, the letters being taken away from the table as they accumulate—when the charge is complete in the letter-carrier's office, the duty of the carrier begins—it was then the duty of Ringrose to take the letters from the box, tell up the amount of postage, and report it to the check-clerk—he has no knowledge of the amount till he tells it up—he tells it up on each occasion when there is a charge to his box—if there were two charges, he would have to make two tellings to enable him to know for the first time the amount of the charge—it is the duty of the letter-carrier when he has ascertained the amount of each charge, to report it to the check-clerk, to call it out to him—if the amount is correct as it appears on the docket returned to the check-clerk, the check-clerk would hand the letter-carrier the docket, and he would sign it, and return it—he generally puts his initial—he then places it in a small box close by, in front of the check-clerk, appropriated for that purpose, and that docket is afterwards retained as an official voucher—if the amount does not agree, another clerk is called, who is denominated the re-teller, and he would be a sort of umpire between the telling-clerk and the letter-carrier—he decides the amount, and then the carrier signs it, if it is wrong he alters it—if there were two batches of letters carried in the course of the sorting of the mail to the Lower Thames-street-walk, the letter-carrier would have possession of two dockets, which he would place in the box—after he has arranged his letters he may have some letters mis-sorted to him, which he would hand to the charge-taker and get an allowance for, and other letter-carriers may have had letters mis-sorted to them intended for him, which they would bring to the charge-taker—the charge-taker is the person who ascertains the aggregate amount of the different charges of letters that fall in his department—if there are two charges of letters, they are put together, and the whole amount is remitted to the charge-taker, and then, if a letter-carrier has had any letters mis-sorted to him, he gets credit or debit on them, and having ascertained the amount of the whole, and the balance for which the letter-carrier would be responsible, the carrier then proceeds to his delivery—the postage by the Indian mail is considerably higher than on ordinary letters, and if people were mischievously disposed, that would be the most convenient opportunity—the East India mail postage is very heavy—on this occasion the letters came through France—that makes the amount still larger—the newspapers are charged 3d. each, by way of France, by way of Southampton they are free—the letter-carrier pays to the Treasurer, or his representative, every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday—in consequence of something that came to my knowledge whilst the letters were in the course of being sorted from that mail, on the 23rd of June, I placed myself, accompanied by Mr. Kelly, another inspector, and by Mr. Playle, an assistant-inspector of letter-carriers, in a part of the Inland-office from whence I could see what Thacker was sorting—we were about fifteen yards from his sorting-table, and could see it—I saw Ringrose there that noon—he was engaged at the newspaper business—he had nothing to do with the letters at that time—he was in the same room—I believe he was dividing the news-papers, all I can say is, that I saw him at work at the newspapers, what he was doing with them I do not know—I should say he was about three yards from Thacker—at about a quarter to one o'clock I saw Ringrose leave his

newspaper business, and go to Thacker's sorting-table—he leant over, and spoke to Thacker—he then left Thacker, and went into the letter-carriers' office—I afterwards saw him go to Thacker a second time, and saw Thacker pass some letters from the left-hand side of his table to his right, which Ringrose took up, and carried into the letter-carriers' office—the Lower Thames-street-walk is at the extreme left-hand side of the table—Ringrose would have nothing at all to do with letters at that time—I afterwards saw Ringrose leave his newspaper duty again—he had a newspaper in hand—that was the third time I saw him—he took nothing away the first time—I could not see what became of him when he went into the letter-carriers' office the second time—it was impossible, he was out of my sight—I saw him go into the letter-carriers' office—the third time, when I saw him with a newspaper in his hand, he went to Thacker's table again, and just at that moment Mr. Playle called out, "Good God, he has given him them plainly enough"—Mr. Kelly made the same observation, and they put their heads together before me, so that I did not see this transaction so plainly; but I saw Ring-rose's hand rise with pretty well a handful of letters under the newspaper—the exclamation was not made loud enough for the prisoners to hear it—I have no hesitation in saying that they were letters in Ringrose's hand—I saw them—the newspaper was not spread out, it was not larger or so large as the letters, it was a doubled up newspaper—Ringrose took the letters and the newspaper into the letter-carrier's office—I did not see Thacker give the letters to Ringrose in this case as I did in the former—I lost sight of Ringrose for about half a minute, I should say, or it might be a minute—I then saw him come from the letter-carrier's office with apparently the same newspaper and the same letters into the Inland-office—he went to the President on duty, Mr. Partridge, and spoke to him, and afterwards to a clerk named Whiting, who took the news-paper from him and opened it—he gave it back to Ringrose, who doubled it up again, and then went back to the letter-carrier's office with the newspaper and letters—I saw no more of Ringrose till he was in custody—it was in consequence of directions that I gave, that both Ringrose and Thacker were taken—it was after their duty closed—that would be after three o'clock, but I cannot exactly say of my own knowledge—it was certainly before four o'clock—Ringrose was brought into Mr. Kelly's room—Thacker was sent into my room—I had not then ascertained the amount of the charges of letters that would have properly come to Ringrose's hands, but I accused Ringrose of having more letters than he had been charged with, and directed his letters to be told up; Mr. Kelly and Mr. Playle were present, and several other parties, but I do not remember who they were—I asked Ringrose the amount of postage he had been charged with, and he handed me this pencil memorandum—I believe it is in his handwriting—he did not hand the paper to me—I cannot speak as to the gross amount of letters found on him—I can only speak to the letters that he had in his possession more than he was charged with—when I accused Ringrose with having more letters than he had been charged with, he denied it—I had the letters told up, and the postage marked on the letters also told, and I found the amount was 2l. 12s. 11d. more than had been charged against him—I knew what had been charged, by having the book by me, and from his own admission—I am prepared to swear that he had 2l. 12s. 11d. more than he was charged with—I know that by the book which was at my side, and which will be produced by another witness—Ring-rose named a certain sum, but what it was I cannot recollect—there was a book before me which contained certain amounts with reference to the prisoner—I

examined that book, and then said, "You have 2l. 12s. 11d. more then you have been charged with"—he said he could not account for it—I then told him he had been seen to take letters from Thacker's sorting-table in the Inland-office—he afterwards admitted that he had done so, but he did not think ha had taken so much—I told him he had been seen to do so twice—he said he had taken the 2l. 12s. 11d. with he exception of 1s., which might have been an error—those were his words—he said he did not think he had taken so much by a shilling; that he had taken the 2l. 12s. 11d. with the exception of about 1s.—he then said he was very sorry for it, and he would never do it again.

Q. You said something about an error? A. Yes, he confessed to stealing the 2l. 12s. 11d. with the exception of 1s., which might have been an error—that was not my observation—he used those words.

MR. PARRY.
Q. Did that apply to the transaction? A. No, certainly not—he said that he had taken the 2l. 12s. 11d. from Thacker with the exception of about 1s., which might have been an error in his charge—those were his own words; that is, the 1s. might have been an error.

MR. CLARKSON.
Q. Was that all that passed between yourself and Ringrose on that occasion? A. To the best of my recollection—I then went into Mt. Kelly's room, and Thacker was brought to me there—Ringrose was taken away into another room—Thacker was told that he had been seen to hand letters to Ringrose—he denied it, and said if Ringrose had taken letters from his place it was without his knowledge, and he said anybody might have taken them without his knowledge—from my observation, on neither occasion could they have been taken away without Thacker's knowledge—when the first lot was taken away, their hands must have touched—I saw Thacker give him the first lot.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY.
Q. The letters come from the general sorters to the division sorters, of whom Thacker was one? A. Yes—the letters which Ringrose took, were laid flat in front of Thacker, at the right hand side of his sorting-table, not in the usual way, on end—I should say this was a docket (looking at one)—when he sorts the letters, he puts them up, takes the docket out of a little box, and puts in front—that is a signal that they are ready for the telling-clerk—the docket being placed before them is the signal, if you call it so, not without—it is the sorter's duty to take them to the telling-clerk, although when pressed, a messenger will do it, or the President himself—the sorter goes on with his work, and the proper person or anybody that may have to take them to the telling-clerk comes by and takes them—if we are pressed, myself or any of the Presidents, or anybody would take them to the telling-clerk—I do not mean "anybody"—if there is a press of business, the messengers, or the President, an inspector, or a clerk may do it—in the press of business, an inspector might even direct a letter-carrier to do it—it might be so, but I question it—they never have done so, to my knowledge—I swear that positively—I have heard of it being done since this transaction—a letter-carrier ought not to be employed to do it—when we have press of business, we are glad of anybody to assist another, undoubtedly, but they should be employed in their respective duties—if one had nothing to do, we should be very glad of him to help another, but not to do this—I was not aware of its being done until since this transaction.

COURT.
Q. We want to know whether the fact is so, because it is a very strange thing, if one it to be a check on the other, that you should get rid of the check by ordering the man on whom the check is to be, to do it; what

have you heard about it? A. I have heard that an inspector, having a press of business, occasionally directs a letter-carrier, under his own eye, to take the letters—the inspector standing by would say, "Put over those charges to the tellet"—that is not giving him a general roving commission—the inspector says to the letter-carrier, "You may take it."

MR. HORRY.
Q. In the press of business, does not a sub-sorter some-times, when he has a number of letter before him and is wanting to get rid of them, tell a letter-carrier, or anybody coming by, to take them to the telling-clerk? Q. No—I positively say I am not aware of such a thing—I do not know of it—I might have said that at such times we are glad to get. the assistance of anybody, but I never referred to a letter-carrier, most assuredly—there is a division between each sorter—there may be about thirty inches allowed to each sorter—I have never a known a man, when he has so many letter as to impede his sorting, call anybody that may be passing by, to take some of his letters away, that he may have the table cleared—I never knew anything of that sort occur—the Thames-street walk, on the arrival of an Indian mail, is rather heavy, so that the tenth division would have a heavy morning's work—I really do not know that anything is meant by putting the letters flat—I have not risen from the ranks—I have not been an inspector—the imperfectly directed letters should be placed in a box in front of the sub-sorter—there is a box for that purpose—they are not laid flat, to my knowledge—he place them in the blind box in front of him—he does not place them flat beside him on his right hand side, to my knowledge—I do not know that his laying them flat on his side is a signal for them to go to the blind sorter—the practice, according to my belief, is, that the sorter on the opposite side of the table takes the blind letters to sort—we call those "blind letter" that are imperfectly directed.

Q. The blind sorter is the man that has to receive the letters that the sub-sorter cannot make out, or addressed to firms such as "Messrs. Allen and Co., druggists, London?" A. Yes—my impression is, that from Thacker, or from the district sorters, the letter are taken by the general sorter generally—I am not aware of any blind man—I have described the practice according to the best of my belief—I am not aware of any blind sorter in the sorting of the town letters in the first instance—there is not such a man as the blind sorter among the general sorters, that I am aware of there is not a blind sorter in the London delivery—there is, I believe, for the letters passing from London, and I believe there are blind sorters in the letter-carriers' office, but I am describing the Inland-office—what passes in the letters-carriers' office is an after process—I think there is a person of the name of Sims in the Inland-office, but I really do not know him—I have 762 men under my control, and it is impossible for me to know them all—I think there is a man of that name, but whether he is a letter-carrier or a sub-sorter, I really do not know—there was a clerk of that name, but he has left—I cannot say that Sims' duty is to sort imperfectly addressed letters—other witness will give you all this information—my duty is the superintendance of the others—I cannot enter into these minutes points.

COURT.
Q. The letters that come to Thacker's table have been previously sorted by the general sorters? A. Yes—they would detect the blind letters—still occasionally some might slip in, which Thacker would put into a box in front, and the general sorter standing on the other side if the table, would take them out—they are in fact the blind sorters.

MR. HARRY.
Q. When a sorter does not know where a firm lives, when

a letter is addressed merely "London," what does he do with it? A. He sorts it to the book-officer in the letter-carriers'-office, and he looks to the book to see what the address is—I do not know that the letters laid flat are for the book-officer, or for the blind sorter—I am not aware of any letters being laid flat on the sorting-table—I do not think that letters called callers are put down flat by the sub-sorter—If a number of letters come to one firm, I do not think they are laid flat for convenience, and kept out of the general charge—the telling-clerk sits a little way from the subsorter, and, according to the ordinary course of business, these letters will pass over to him—he tells there up rapidly, makes out the amount, and hands it to the check-clerk, who sits above him, the letters are placed in the letter-carriers' box, and the letter-carrier puts his initials to the docket—if he finds out an error, after he has gone out of the office, and after the delivery, it is his duty, if he is an honest man, to come back again and rectify it, but I am not aware that I ever heard of such an error—if he has letters mis-sorted to him he brings them back, and has the allowance made for them—these letters are handed over to the proper letter-carrier, and the proper letter-carrier is then charged with them—he is charged with the letters delivered to him from other letter-carriers, and discharged from these which he has delivered over to others.

Q. Suppose the carrier has got his letters, he has to go over then hurriedly, to check the telling-clerk, and having done that, in going out of the office, he finds that all three parties have made a mistake? A. I am not aware of such a thing—I thing such a fact, if it ever happened, would come under my notice—it would be a most extraordinary case—there is a letter-carrier of the name of Hodge—I know him very well, he is a very honest man—I have no knowledge of a mistake being made with him a long time ago, and his coming back an accounting for it—there are papers for the President to rectify such errors when the man comes back next morning—this paper (looking at one) is not a President's paper, but it is very similar to it—this is the charging of the mis-sorted letters—it is a very similar docket to the one to which you are alluding—a carrier has no opportunity whatever of correcting that error till the next morning—Hodge might, there would be opportunities, but I should say the next morning would the be the time—it would then be his duty to come back, and to claim back the reckoning if it was under; or if he had received too much, to pay it over to me—I have know knowledge of the President making a memorandum to that effect in any case—such an occurrence would be most extraordinary—I never heard of a mistake being made by the check-clerk, telling-clerk, and letter-carrier—I know Hodge perfectly well, but am not aware of such a circumstance happening to any one.

Q. I believe there have some rather heavy charged preferred against yourself? A. I have been charged with tyranny, and something of the kind, but nothing beyond that, that I am aware of—I have had a copy of the charges against me, but they applied more particularly to Mr. Kelly, I believe, then myself; if you will describe the charges I shall be most happy to answer them—they were preferred by some disaffected men in the office, section—the charge came from the letter-carriers—I know a man of the name of Gallin—he is subsorter to Brandon—the charges applied to Mr. Kelly rather then to myself—one cause of complaint was the Post-office Directory being in the office—the men in the office have never complained to me personally that they were worked improperly on account of the Directory—they presented petitions for the Postmaster-General—I have forwarded their petitions—they have complained that I had not done so, but I deny it—it was

not a general complaint in the office that the letter-carriers were obliged to work excessively on that Directory—it was the complaint of a section—it was left to the option of the letter-carriers whether they would work on it or not, and I think only eleven out of a body of about 300, declined working on it—a section of them have complained of being oppressively worked on the Directory—I am not aware of fifty or sixty—I should think 160 were examined on the subject—there is no investigation going on at the Post-office into my conduct—a charge have been brought, but it has never been investigated—I unhesitatingly swear that my conduct has never been investigated—I will not swear that my conduct has not been impugned—I was charged with using foul, and I think abusive language to the men—I was charged with the having threatened to punish those who would not work on the Directory, and I would have punished them, because it was part of their duty, by the Postmaster-General's order, and I would have carried it out precisely the same as I would any other duty—the Directory is now entirely a private speculation—it was demi-official—it was acknowledged by the Postmaster-General—it has been so ever since Mr. Kelly has had it—I really cannot tell you when it ceased to be so, but I think within the lost three months—since this investigation Government has ordered it to be removed from the office—it has been discontinned—I have been ordered many times to make a return of the persons employed in the office—I might have been ordered to do so about the 7th of August, 1844—at that time the Directory was considered a demi-official publication, inasmuch as the Postmaster-General ordered the men to work at it, the same as they would at any other portion of their duty; Mr. Kelly, when he entered office, was compelled by the Postmaster-General to purchase it of the previous inspector—I was in office then, but I was not Mr. Kelly's superior officer—Mr. Critchett was the previous inspector—I did not know that he paid every one of the letter-carriers employed on it—I know Mr. Kelly has paid them precisely the same as Mr. Critchett did—I cannot say when the Government order was made for discontinuing the Directory—it was about three months ago, before the 22nd of June—I was present at a portion of the investigation when the parties were examined—my name was not mentioned in the charged that was gone into—I did not say that Mr. Kelly could do nothing without me—in common fairness I beg the charge may be read—an investigation was ordered by Government at my request—charges were brought forward against me in conjunction that had taken place at my request—Grapes said, "I can prove that Mr. Kelly's Bokenham has threatened to punish those who neglected to attend to Mr. Kelly's instructions respecting his work," and I would have done so, but that charge has never been investigated—some persons said that the Directory was an impediment in the way of public business—I did not think so myself, that is a point I never admit—my impression, is that the delivery of letters was never delayed five minutes by the Directory, but rather accelerated.

COURT.
Q. The Directory gave persons the means of knowing where letters were to go? A. It did.

MR. HORRY.
Q. On your oath, did you not say that you would kick all dismissed for tempering with one of these witnesses, and trying to get him to withhold his evidence—he was dismissed on Saturday night—I shall not say who told me of his tempering with the witness—it was on the report of some-body—it was afterwards investigated by the Postmaster-General, the solicitor of the Post-office, and Colonel Maberly, without either myself or Mr. Kelly

being present, and his Lordship, from his own observation, dimissed Grapes without referring to me at all—I did not know of his dismissal, and did not recommend it—I have recommended a person named Last, for promotion, and he is now, I believe, the junior inspector—he has not, to my knowledge, been repeatedly accused of improper conduct in his situation, he has not to my knowledge gone three times through the Insolvent-court—I do not know that I was asked to make a report in April last on the subject of the disaffected men—(looking at a letter)—I put down the names of certain persons here as disaffected persons—the name of Thacker is on the list—I do not think Thacker gave any evidence against me—if he gave evidence twice against me, it is in that book—I do not think he gave any evidence against me—that was an investigation at my own request—I reported upon it to Colonel Maberly, but I am not aware of any charge against me with respect to that—charges were made against me and others in an obscure newspaper, of which you (Mr. Horry) were sub-editor—the names of Grapes, Ferguson, Potter, Aldridge, Ridout, Mitchell, Rail, Bird, and Mantel, are on this list—Grapes was most properly dismissed—I cannot say that Ferguson has been suspended—I have no recollection of reporting him myself—Potter is still in the office, and so is Aldridge and Ridout—nothing was done to Ridout—I am not aware that he has ever been suspended—Mitchell has been dismissed, and was appointed to another Government situation shortly afterwards—he was not dismissed by me, he absented himself from duty, and was dismissed for being impertinent to his superior officer—the matter was inquired into—I do not know, of my own knowledge, that he has obtained another situation under Government—you tell me so, and I would not doubt your word—Rail is still in the office in his situation—he has not been punished that I am aware of—Bird is still in the office, and Mantel also—he has been kept back from promotion—he has been ten or twelve years in the office—he was kept back from promotion on my recommendation, because he would not tell the truth, and I was determined that I would not recommend a man that would not tell the truth—a man had been suspended by the Postmaster-General, the disaffected parties set his Lordship's order aside by making up hid pay to him, Mantel was proved to have collected this money to make up the pay, he afterwards declared that he did not recollect collecting it, he eventually admitted that he did, but could not say from whom, or to whom he gave it, although he admitted making a memorandum of it at the time; upon that, I said to the Postmaster-General that I could not rely upon his word, and, therefore, I could not recommend his promotion.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY.
Q. When you and Mr. Kelly were watch-ing, what distance were you from the sorting-table? A. Fifteen yards—I have had it measured since—the sorting-table is a division of a long table, with person standing on each side of it, the general sorters on one side, and the district sorter on the other—I do not think there were so many as ten or twelve sorter—I should say about four on one side, I cannot say how many on the other, there were several—there were a great many persons about—there was not one on each side of Thacker—Thacker was at the extreme end of the table—No. 10, is at the extreme end—he had only a person on one side of him—there was no other business going on in the tenth division be-sides the sorting of letters, at that moment—they were working off the East Indian Mail—the tenth division, as regards Thacker, applies to a place about thirty inches wide—the room itself is four times as large as this Court—noting was going on in the room at this time, with the exception of getting rid of the East Indian Mail, stamping letters, sorting them, telling

them up, and so on—Ringrose was engaged with the newspapers that had arrived by the Indian mail, but I do not know whether he was sorting them, or what he was doing with them—I thought he was dividing the town from the country—he was arranging them in some way—that was his duty that morning, it was part of his duty as a letter-carrier—it is generally done, and it was his duty that morning—sorting and arranging is part of a letter-car-rier's duty—they are occasionally employed in sorting newspapers and letters to learn the sorting, there are a certain number of letter-carriers who are ambitious of becoming sub-sorters; and they take every opportunity of learning the sorting—it is by permission that they are put in—it is not any one that can walk in and do it—I employ them in sorting newspapers for the purposes of the office—it is part of the ordinary duty of a letter-carrier who may be directed to do it, to sort letters for the country, not for London—it is not done as part of his ordinary duty—he is directed to do it by his superior officer, most likely by the clerk who has the direction of the letter-carriers—if he refused to obey, it would be considered a breach of his duty—he does not do it unless specially directed, and I do not specially direct all of them—there is no special direction in writing—letter-carriers are also employed as stampers, to sort newspapers, tie up bags, and carry them out of the office—I do not recollect anything else—they work hard enough, they have quite enough to do—there is no skylight in this room—there are windows at each end, but it is badly lighted—errors are frequently made in calculating the potage of letters—I saw Ringrose go into the letter-carriers' office, and return from there—I was not close enough to see what letters he had—that was about a quarter to one o'clock—I did not afterwards lose sight of Ringrose for two hours—I think it was about a quarter to one that the first transaction took place, and it was about twenty minutes after one that the second took place—I then lost sight of Ringrose—I was called away, indeed I left the place altogether, upon other business; but I gave directions for him to be stopped, and did not see him again till he was in custody—the third time of his going out was twenty minutes after one, and he was in custody about half-past three—he went to Mr. Partridge, the President, on duty, and also to Mr. Whiting, the clerk—Mr. Partridge was directing the general business—the superintending-president's is a distinct office—he has the control of the President—I do not think Mr. Whiting was acting as a teller—it would not have been an impropriety in him so to act—to a stranger there would appear to be noise and bustle in the room, but in reality there was none—there was a good deal going on, moving of arms, gestures, and people passing to and fro—I should say, from sixty to 100 persons were engaged on the Indian mail—I was not conversing with Mr. Kelly while I was watching—we were anxiously looking—my attention was disengaged by some exclamation made by Mr. Kelly—both Mr. Kelly and Mr. Playle spoke to me in whispers, while we were watching, and Mr. Blott came and rapped at the door, and said Colonel Maberly wanted me—no one else knocked at the door, or called my attention off in any way while I was there.

COURT.
Q. How long were you out? A. I was absent at one time, I should think, three-quarters of an hour, on an hour—we had a Parliamentary Committee sitting, and I was called away to furnish materials for it—I returned to the watching after that hour—I left two or three times, and was absent perhaps from five to ten minutes—neither Mr. Kelly or Mr. Playle were absent while I was there—I was not superintending the Indian mail—that is the duty of the president—I had the general business of the office to attend to, and payments and other papers to sign, and different things—I did

those things during the intervals of my going back wards and forwards—I only left the place when it was absolutely necessary for me to do so—the Parliamentary Committee had no reference to myself at all—it was no the revenue department of the Post-office.

Q. Supposing an error occurs in these calculations, that would be a fault for which a letter-carrier or teller would be liable to censure or reprimand? A. No, I think not for an error in charging, unless it is repeatedly done; then, of course, I should censure the party—errors are frequently made—some tellers will tell the whole of their charges from the morning, and not have as error, others will have two or three—the teller would be within three yards or less, I should say, of the tenth division sorting place—there was a teller there, but I do not know who he was—the letters have since been delivered, but a great many of them are here—the letters I saw were the letters that Ringrose had in his hand—it was his duty that morning to deliver the portion of the India mail for Lower Thames-street—that was his walk, and he ought not to deliver letters belonging to other walks—in the event of a man being ill on a particular walk, another might then take the walk, but that is an extreme case—it dose occasionally happen, in cases of emergency, that letter-carriers to whom a walk is assigned deliver letters in another walk, and letters sometimes get into the hands of carrier by accident which do not belong to his walk—it is then his duty, if he discovers it before he leaves the office, to transfer the letters to the charge-taker, who will allow him the postage on them—if he continue the error outside the office, it is then his duty, after he has finished his own delivery, to go to the place and deliver the letter he has taken out in mistake, whatever the distance may be.

Q. You say you have been charged with using abusive language, has that been a repeated charge? A. No, certainly not—I think there was only one man said I made use of it on two occasions, I believe—neither Ringrose or Thacker ever charged me with it.

MR. SOLICITOR-GENERAL.
Q. Did you look at all the letters found on Ringrose when he was brought into the room? A. I did not look at all of them—they were placed before me—I read some of them, so as to know the addresses—all that were found on him were within his own walk, as far as I know, although more than he had accounted for—it is my duty to report men in the office for good or bad conduct—I had named Thacker, in 1846, as a disaffected person—in my judgment, it was my duty so to do—I have not the slightest ill-will towards him—I cannot possibly have any.





FREDERICK KELLY.
 I am an inspector of letter-carriers in the Post-office, I was there on the 23rd of June, when the Indian mail was being sorted for delivery—I was with Mr. Bokenham and Mr. Playle, stationed in a part of the Inland-office where the letters were sorted—Thacker was at that time sorting the letters of the tenth division—I was so placed that I could command a view of the position that Thacker was occupying—I observed the other prisoner, Ringrose, employed in dividing the town newspapers from the country—that was at quite a separate table from Thacker, three or four yards from it—I began to watch about a quarter to twelve, or from that to twelve o'clock—about a quarter to one o'clock I observed Ringrose leave his duty and go to Thacker and speak to him—he then went away, and retruned to his own duty—in a few minutes he went up to Thacker again—he stood at right side—at the moment of Ringrose's coming up, Thacker was sorting letters, he had letters in his left hand, and was sorting them with his right—I observed his right hand pass from before him to the end of the desk where Ringrose was standing, and put some letters into

Ringrose's hand, which Ringrose immediately took into the letter-carriers' office, that is perhaps six or eight yards off—he was out of my sight when he got into the letter-carriers' office—it is a compartment of the same office, but is separated by a wall, and you have to pass through large door-ways with arches—he went through the arches quite out of the place—the inland office is a long office, consisting of several divisions, called the sorting office, the inland office, and the letter-carriers' office—the letter-carriers office may be considered part of the inland-office, but we call them distinct office—when I speak of the inland-office I mean the office in which the sorting takes place—Ringrose went into the letter-carriers' office, and went out of my sight—I should say he was absent two or three minutes, three minutes would be the very utmost—I them observed him return, and immediately go up to Thacker, speak to him for a very short time, and then go away to the newspapers again (when he went out, he had the letters in his had which he had received at Thacker's table, when he returned he had nothing); he remained at the newspapers some eight or ten minutes, I did not notice the time particularly—he then went into the letter-carriers' office again, as well as I remember, but my attention was particularly on that spot where Thacker was; and I saw Ringrose then come up to that place; the same place where he had had the other letters, at the right side of Thacker, with a newspaper in his left hand—it was folded up—I then observed Thacker give him several letters, which he immediately put under the newspaper—I cannot say positively that it was a newspaper, but I have no doubt that it was, it had the appearance of one—he then left Thacker and went into the letter-carriers' office—he returned, I may say instantly—on his return, he walked about the inland-office with what appeared to be the same letters and paper—I saw him with them in his hand; he spoke to Mr. Whiting and Mr. Partridge, who was the President on duty—I think both of them took the newspaper out of his hand, I know Mr. Partridge did—he opened it—I cannot say positively whether he gave it him back—after that, he went into the letter-carriers' office with the newspaper and letters—the table at which the sorting took place has a board under the sorter, marked with lines, and inscribed, so as to show where the letters belonging to particular walks should be placed—the Lower Thames-street walk would be on the left hand side of the sorter—the end of the table at which Ringrose was sitting was about three feet, or less than that, from the spot appropriated to the Lower Thames-street walk—I was present when the prisoner Ringrose was brought into my room—that was between half-past two and a quarter to three—I asked him whether the letters then in his possession were those which had arrived by the Indian mail of that day—he said they were—he had them in his hand, tied up in a bundle, what we call set for delivery, so that the letters would follow at the houses as he would arrive at them—I asked him what his charge for the day was, and he produced a piece of paper, and read from it the amounts which I at the time took down—he said there had been two amounts charged to him, making 4l. 18s. 5d.—this is the paper he produced and read from—having the paper in his hand, he read 3l. 0s. 2d. and 1l. 18s. 3d., making 4l. 18s. 5d.—I asked him as to the "changes," as they are called—he said 5s. 2d. had been added for letter that had been mis-sorted to other letter-carriers, and which were found to belong to him—he did not explain that at the time, because that was what we understood, that made 5l. 3s. 7d., and 1l. 2s. 10d. had been allowed to him, making his net charge 4l. 0s. 9d.—I asked him whether the letters in his possession would amount to that, and he said he believed so—the letters were then re-told in my

presence, and found to amount to 6l. 13s. 8d.—I did not tell them myself, the amount was told by Mr. Brodie, I think, and Mr. Playle—Ringrose himself looked at what was going on—it was dome quite in his presence—the amount was 2l. 12s. 11d. over the amount that he had been charged—he was asked to account for that, and he said he could not—he was then told that the circumstance I had mentioned had been he witnessed, that Thacker had been seen to give him these letters, and that he had been seen to take them away—he said yes, he was very sorry for it, but he did not think that what be had taken amounted to so much—he was asked whether he had taken all these letters in that way to the inland-office, and he said yes, he had, unless it might have been a shilling or so mistake in his charge; meaning too large amount—he said he would never do so again—I cannot speak of my own knowledge as to whether the letters which had been set for delivery were letters all within his own walk—he said nothing about it—there is a postage of 3d. on newspapers arriving from India—there were some newspapers among the bundle of letters he had to deliver—I made no calculation to see whether the postage of any of letters or newspapers would amount to 2l. 12s. 11d.—there was no one letter the postage of which amounted to 2l. 12s. 11d.—I cannot say positively, but I am quite certain, from the size of the letters, that no one letter was charged that amount—still I did not look them all through, and cannot speak positively to that—Ringrose was then sent away, and Thacker was brought in—he was told that he had been seen giving these letters to Ringrose, and that on telling Ringrose's letters a surplus of 2l. 12s. 11d. had been discovered—he said he knew nothing about it, he had not given any letters to Ringrose; that if Ringrose had taken the letters it was without his knowledge, and that he should have permitted Ringrose, or any one else in the office, to have taken any of his letters unquestioned; if he had observed it he should not have prevented it—it would not be possible, according to the regular mode of proceeding, for any number of letters intended for Ringrose's walk to be properly at the right hand end of the table—I have been in the Post-office twenty-eight years—according to the practice and mode of doing business, it could not happen that the letters intended for the Lower Thames-street walk could be at the right hand extremity of the table, if the sorter had sorted them according to the labels to the properly appointed places—no one would have authority to take these letters away, or to interfere with any letters, except those that were put up in parcels, and had a docket in front of them, and then they would be put on the teller's-table for the purpose of being told.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY.
Q. If a sorter finds letters imperfectly addressed, what does he do with them? A. He would put them on his right hand—he usually lays them down flat—they are then passed over to another sorter—it is understood that it is a signal that they are letters for the blind sorter—it is understood that that they mean blind letters, improperly sorted or imperfectly addressed, and to be passed over to be re-sorted—during the press of business consequent upon the arrival of an Indian mail, the sub-sorter is sometimes incommoded by the number of his letters—it is then his duty to put a docket on those letters, and to pass them over to the telling-table—I should say it is the sorter's own duty to hand over his blind letters—the blind sorter is just on the opposite side—I observed Thacker pass some letters over to a man on the opposite side, who, I have no doubt, was the blind sorter, and they were sorted by him—I observed Thacker do something of that sort, according to the usual practice—the man sat just on the opposite side of the desk—it

happened so that morning—he is not properly a blind sorter, but he is a man that re-sorted the miss-sorted letters to Thacker, as I understood from his position—the course is this: on side one of the table the letters are sorted into the divisions, one of which was the tenth, on Thacker, and the letters Thacker had miss-sorted to him he would pass over, in the first stage of sorting, that they should be re-sorted, but the man is not in any sense a blind sorter—if a letter had such a direction that he could not tell to what division it belonged, he would pass it to the original sorter, and it would go from him to the book-officer, if he employed a stranger to take those letters to the sorter, he would do wrong—I am not aware of its being commonly done in the press of business—I have never heard of such a thing—instead of doing that, he should hand them to the person opposite—there is no officer called the blind-sorter—there is a man who would sort them as far as possible—when letters arrive at the sub-sorter's, not properly addressed, he hands them up to the re-sorter to be re-sorted, and if he cannot find out into what division to put them, then he puts them into a charge, called the book-officer's charge, or blind charge, and they search out the right address—a letter directed so badly as not to be read, would not be sorted to Thacker, it would be stopped at an earlier stage—the first sorting is the general sorting—they all come out of sorts, and are thrown down on the table, and placed in rows—the general sorter has to sort them into divisions—a letter so imperfectly addressed would not be sorted into any division—it might happen by accident, in the hurry of business—letters are sorted into different divisions—when the sub-sorter comes to sort those letters in the usual expeditions manner, and cannot find out to whose walk they should go, he would put them down on his right-hand side, and pass them to the sorter on the opposite side, who is sorting the first-stage, to re-sort—he puts them on his right side until he has a convenient opportunity of passing them over to be re-sorted, instead of passing over every letter as he comes to it—if business is heavy, it is important to him to get off the letters as quickly as possible—he would not say to anybody coming by, "Take these away for me" when he is himself so say near the man that, by just leaning over, and passing his hand over, he could reach him—such letters would go back to the general sorter, who would re-sort them—the sub-sorter puts them over on his right side until there is a sufficient number for a parcel—I should not understand that as a signal to anybody coming by to take the letters up—I should say if a sorter having unpaid letters so placed saw any person take them up, it would be his duty to see what his object was in taking them—they are put there for the purpose of going to the general sorter—no one is authorized to take the letters away to be blind-sorted, except the President on duty or one of the inspectors—I have seen it done except by one of those officers—I never saw a letter-carrier do it—a sub-sorter would not question a superior officer if he saw his letters taken away—it is prima-facie wrong, but if he saw it was his superior officer on duty that did it, he would then suppose all to be right—I have seen the inspector take letters in that way from the sub-sorter—if a sub-sorter finds he has got a dozen or twenty letters for one firm, I should say that they are stood up on the right hand—a docket would be put to them by the sub-sorter before they were taken from him, and they would be told as a separate charge—I believe there are very few such cases—I doubt whether there are half-a-dozen—their being put on the right or left hand would depend on whether the sorter was right-handed or not—if we had a left-handed sorter, the probability is he would put them on the other side.


Q. There have been, and are, a number of charges pending against you, I believe? A. I am not aware of any charges pending against me—somcharges have been preferred, partly examined into, and, as I believe, abandoned, because I heard myself the man who made these charges decline to go on with them—I am the proprietor of the Post-office Directory—I believe the grave charge was, that I made a false return to Parliament of the profits of the Directory, which, on my oath, was a false charge, and I now state that my return was entirely true—the Directory is not carried on in the Postoffice now—I am forbidden by Government to do it—the Directory is a list of the names of the merchants and traders of London, arranged alphabetically, and in divisions—it was not supposed to be inconsistent with my public duties that I should be engaged in a trade—it is now my private property—I consider the removal of the Directory from the Post-office to be greatly for my individual benefit—I kept it in the Post-office because I did not like to sacrifice the interests of others—one of the charges was, that the Directory was said to have impeded the public service—I did not have a copy of notes of all the evidence that was taken by the shorthand writer—I got from Mr. Peacock copies of the notes of the evidence given on the investigation—I did not get all the evidence—I got that part of it which the authorities expected me to answer, and therefore sent to me.

Q. Did you not some time after that put up lists of names in the office, one in red ink and another in black ink? A. I think I know what you allude to—about two years since there were various attacks in Parliament and in same newspapers, and in various ways, stating that the men considered it a grievance; and I said, if the letter-carriers considered their connection with the Directory a grievance, I was quite willing to absolve them from it—I wished every one to say whether he did or did not, and I would forward the names of all who wished to recede from it to the Postmaster-General, and request they might be allowed to do so—many of the letters I received were hardly intelligible, and I could hardly understand whether they wished to recede or not—I therefore put up a notice, saying that I could hardly understand their views, and I gave two lists, those who wished to continue, to be put in black ink, and those who wished to recede in red—I had the list made up, and I forwarded it to the Postmaster-General, and obtained his Lordship's sanction to allow them to recede—all the names in red ink were the names of those who wished to recede from the Directory—after I had got the notes of a portion of the evidence, I saw all the inspectors—I could not have called them all into my room at once, for that would have impeded the public duty, but I saw them all—I showed them that part of the evidence which I had, and the names of all the parties who had been called, whether against me or not—I am not sure, but my impression decidedly is that Thacker's name was not among them—that must be a year, or nine or ten months ago—I did not point out the evidence to the inspectors—I showed it them, and asked them to read it all—I never told them that I had called them in order that they might know the men who had opposed the Directory, and had given evidence against me—I swear that—I know Hodge and Robert Grapes, two letter-carriers—Grapes never complained to me of any error about three weeks back—I know that he had endeavoured to obtain a reduction in his charges—I am not aware that it was referred to Mr. Bokenham—if a carrier finds an error in the calculation, and wishes to rectify it, and comes to ma, I should take official knowledge of it; but in this case he did not—Grapes

never made any application on the subject—I never heard of such a thing—I never heard that he made an effort to get a pound allowed to him, beyond telling the President that there was a mistake—I know a letter-carrier named Campbell—I have not heard that he made up his account on the Indian mail 4l. or 5l. less than was charged to the revenue—I have no recollection of telling Hodge to pay in the pound when he said he had a pound over—it is a pure fancy on your part, or your informant's—it is the first time I have ever heard of it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY.
Q. You say you were watching all this time; did you go away for any purpose from the place where you were standing with Mr. Bokenham? A. Not till after the circumstance to which I have spoken—we were watching there from a quarter to twelve o'clock, or thereabouts—we watched for about an hour before we observed anything—during the first hour other letter carriers were acting as messengers, carrying the letters to Thacker to sort, from the first sorting, to Thacker's sorting-place—the first process of sorting is into divisions—a letter-carrier named Pearce was employed in collecting the letters for the tenth division, for which Thacker sorted, and remained near Thacker till the proper duty was done—they were all unpaid letters—I never heard of such a thing as paid and unpaid letters by an I Indian mail becoming mixed—the letters by an Indian mail are all unpaid, I believe—I never knew of letters being paid all the way to England by the Indian mail—during the time we were there no one addressed us, or entered into conversation with us—we were alone there—when Ringrose was called into my room, he held this paper, and I copied it down as he read out of this one—here is the paper which I then copied down—he mentioned some sums that are on it—this paper is a guide to the letter-carrier as to what is the amount of his charge—it is made out by himself—it is what he would pay into the Receiver-General's office, the amount of the postage he received on the letters—I cannot say whose writing it is—Ringrose produced it—it can scarcely be the teller's, because the teller's docket is a different document altogether—this is a letter-carrier's paper, and not a clerk's or teller's.

MR. HORRY.
Q. Did not you bring an action against a newspaper for a libel, in connection with this charge? A. Yes—my attorney paid the costs, without my knowing what he had done, and abandoned it—I am speaking of a second action—I paid the costs of the first action, in order to continue it, and brought a second—my attorney paid the costs without my authority, and I was very angry with him for doing it.

COURT.
Q. Neither of the prisoners are the editors of that paper, I presume? A. I never heard so, or in any way connected with it, that I know of.

MR. BODKIN.
Q. Did you introduce the Directory into the Post-office, or did you find it there when you when you came into office? A. It was the property of my predecessor, and I was told by the Postmaster-General to purchase his interest in it, which he had purchased from a previous officer—it is now my private property.





JOHN PLAYLE.
 I am assistant inspector of letter-carriers in the Post-office. On the 23rd of June I was on duty, and with Mr. Kelly and Mr. Bokenham set to watch what was doing at Thacker's table about twelve o'clock—we were so placed as to command a view of Thacker, and the proceeding at his table—I had seen Ringrose, but not when I first began to watch—I saw him afterwards—when I first saw him he was at his duty conveying newspapers, about three yards in front of Thacker—I saw him leave his place and go to Thacker's table—I had then been watching about a quarter of an hour—when

he got to the table he leaned over, and appeared to converse with Thacker—I could not hear what was said—he was on Thacker's right hand—Thacker was sorting letters, and had some letters occasionally in his left hand, and as he disposed of them of course his left hand become empty—I can hardly recollect what become of Ringrose after he spoke to Thacker—I think he remained there, but I am not quite clear whether it was the first or second time—he came a second time to Thacker—he was still sorting his letters with his right hand—with his left he was holding a small quantity of letters which supplied the right hand—he appeared to pass them to the various divisions or compartments that he was sorting to—I saw him put some on his right hand side and lay them down, which was contrary to the usual practice of sorting, the usual practice being to stand them up—the Lower Thames-street letters should be on his left hand—I saw Ringrose take away a small handful of letters which Thacker had put on his right hand,—he took the first handful into the Letter-carrier's office—Thacker was standing sorting all the while—I am quite positive Thacker could see it done—when Ringrose came back I think he went and spoke to Thacker, and then went and resumed his sorting at the papers—he had nothing in his hand when he came back the second time—about a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes after, I saw him with what appeared to be a newspaper—I observed as he came to Thacker that he showed Thacker this paper, and immediately after Thacker made a sing, as it were, with his right hand to some letters which were lying, and Ringrose took up those letters, as well as the paper, which he was showing to Thacker—the letters were lying on his right hand—he took them up, and went apparently to the Letter-carrier's office—I lost sight of him, I should say, for scarcely more than a second—I saw him then returning into the Inland-office, where he had taken the letters from, as if seeking for some one—he spoke to one of the clerks—he had in his hand apparently those identical letters, by the size of the grasp—he eventually went to the Letter-carrier's office with them—in the course of the same day I saw him in Mr. Kelly's room—I was present when the letters on him were told up—I imagine all of them were in his own walk, although many of them are not fully directed—they are directed to Messrs, so and so, London—I only conjecture that they were in his delivery—when told of having been seen taking the letters, he at first said that he could not account for it—he produced this paper, from which we gathered that his letters should have amounted to a certain sum—it is marked with pencil marks—the amount at that time was gathered by Mr. Kelly from the paper, not by me—it was gathered from Ringrose's own lips—the paper was first produced by Ringrose in answer to a question by Mr. Kelly, as to how much was the amount of his letters, and there being some additions and subtractions, Mr. Kelly reduced it to a given sum—Mr. Kelly knew what figures to put down, from the lips of Ringrose, and from the production of the paper—he held the paper in his hand—I saw Mr. Kelly make a memorandum of his own—I think it began by Ringrose holding this paper in his hand, and saying from it, "So much is my amount," and he put it down, but I was passing in and out of the room and am not so confident about it—I cannot positively say whether. Mr. Kelly collected it from the paper, or whether Ringrose told it him—I told up the postage of the letters found on him—I made a memorandum of the amount at the time, but I think I have destroyed it—I have a copy which I made next day—the total amount of the letters found on Ringrose was 6l. 13s. 8d.—I cannot give the items—they are copied partly by myself, and partly by three of the clerks—I cannot tell what the postage of the different letters

were—this other paper is in my hand-writing, I made it on the afternoon of that day—this is only a portion of the amount of the letters—the 2l. 12s. 11d. answered to on particular number of letters—I did not know that any such calculation was made.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY.
Q. You have succeeded Mr. Rackley, who has retired? A. Yes, he was assistant-inspector of letter-carriers—I and he were employed on the Directory—the Directory has now left the office I believe—if it had continued in the office, and I had succeeded Mr. Rackley in the employment of the Directory, as well as in the office, I should have had upwards of 90l. more annually—he received 117l. from the Directory, and I received 30l.—the Directory has gone away, and I have lost it all—I have nothing to expect—had it not gone away I might have expected 117l. a-year, or whatever the figure might have been then—a certain sum was last year received by the first assistant-inspector, which situation I how hold, amounting to 117l.—the Directory having gone away entirely, I cannot expect to receive anything—I have got my time and have not the labour—I have no expectation of receiving that sum—I have lost the 30l. that had—I was once a letter-carrier myself on the Leadenhall-street walk—when I was on that walk I was repeatedly over and under in my charges—sometimes over and sometimes under—that arose from the mis-telling of the letters as to the amounts—the authorities of the India House in Leadenhall-street never complained of my having made several charges on them—I have no recollection of anything of the sort—it could not have occurred and I not know it—I should have recollected it—I was on the Old Broad-street walk, which is a very heavy one—a letter-carrier is liable to be over or under in a charge, which many perhaps be 20l. worth of letters—the and teller and the letter-carrier may differ sixpence or a few pence, and then if it is so near as that, the charges are not re-told, if they differ by more, they are re-told by an arbitrator or a re-teller—that happens before we leave the office, before we put the letters into order for delivery.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY.
Q. When this calculation was made by which you arrived at 6l. 13s. 8d. do you recollect whether Mr. Cook and Mr. Brodie told the letters? A. Mr. Brodie told the letters—Mr. Cook is an insector—I think he was not there at the time—I am not aware that there was a difference of 1l. in our calculation—it did not come to my knowledge if it happened.

MR. SOLICITOR-GENERAL.
Q. Were these over or under charges you speak of, discovered in the office or out? A. In the office, before the letter-carrier makes himself answerable for a certain sum on the docket—when I was a letter-carrier I never had 2l. or 3l. worth of unpaid letters which had not gone through the teller—such a proceeding would be wholly unauthorized—I have no recollection of a teller making a mistake of 2l. or 3l. in his letters—when I was a letter-carrier and made a mistake, the teller and I did not try and settle it—another clerk settled it, a re-teller—I and the teller did not find out the difference together—there is a third party, a check-clerk, who holds possession of the docket on which the amount of letters made by the teller is placed, he holds it unknown to the letter-carrier, and it is to this intermediate party that the letter-carrier reports.

MR. PARRY.
Q. What is the amount of the Indian postage on an ordinary individual letter? A. I cannot answer that—1s. 10d. I believe is the single rate, but that does not come so immediately under my cognizance—some of the letters contain inclosures, and they would be charged a larger sum—some

are 16s., and some only 1s. 10d.—I think I remember seeing one as high as 16s., some 9s., some 8s. 4d., and go on; perhaps there might be thirty or forty, or seventy newspapers.





WILLIAM FARLEY.
 I am one of the letter-carriers in the Post-office. I was on duty in the Letter-carrier's-office on the 23rd of June last, during the period that the letters by the Indian mail were being sorted, and saw Ringrose come from the Inland-office with a handful of letters in his hand—he had nothing else that I am aware of—he passed from the Inland-office into the Letter-carrier's office, and passed into the tenth division—I followed him, and saw that they were what we termed "good letters"—I saw the letters in his hand—good letters are unpaid letters, with the postage marked on them, for which money is to be received—I observed a newspaper in his hand—it was a 3d. charged newspaper, that created some suspicion in my mind, and I mentioned it to my superiors.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY.
Q. Did you go round the Post-office to get signatures to a petition to the Postmaster-General, to keep the Directory in the office? A. Yes, that was not by the request of Mr. Kelly—it was the request of the Committee formed to draw it up—there was no inspector among the Committee—I was employed on the Directory many years.

MR. CLARKSON.
Q. You thought it was a good thing for you and other letter-carriers, and you and others presented a memorial to the Postmaster-General? A. We did.





JAMES CROWDEY LOVETT.
 I am a clerk in the Inland-office of the General Post-office. I was on duty on the 23rd of June last when the Indian mail came in, and was sorting—I was employed as a teller of the postage of the unpaid letters for the tenth division—I told up the postage or charge for the Lower Thames-street walk, No. 106, and entered the amount of the charge on the docket now in my hand.

MR. PARRY.
Q. Was Ringrose present when you made the entry, or is it merely an entry of your own? A. An entry of my own.

MR. CLARKSON.
Q. The letters are handed to you for purpose of telling up, before they come to the letter-carriers, are they not? A. Yes—the amount was 3l. 0s. 2d.—the letters were given to a messenger to place in the proper box in the letter-carrier's office—it was the duty of the messenger to give the docket to the check-clerk after I had put my initials on it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY.
Q. Is that the docket you so gave him? A. Yes.





DAVID DAVIS.
 I acted as one of the tellers on the 23rd of June, on the telling up the charges for the unpaid letters of the Indian mail—I told up the amount of one of the charges for the Lower Thames-street walk, No. 106—this is the docket on which I wrote the amount—it is 1l. 18s. 3d.—I calculated it from the letters brought to me by the messenger for that purpose—I afterwards handed the letters to the messenger to be taken to the letter-carrier's office, and the docket to be put in to the box—It would be the duty of the check-clerk to receive from the hands of the messenger the docket that I so calculated.

COURT.
Q. You put your initials? A. I did—"charge told by D. D."


Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY.
Q. Who brought you the letters? A. Mr. Clare, I believe—I do not know—a great many persons bring letters to me, letter-carriers, inspectors, and assistant-inspectors—letter-carriers are occasionally employed as messangers.


COURT to MR. LOVETT.
Q. What is the meaning of these figures at the upper part where they seem to have added the two together? A. It is the amount of the two charges—I did not write that—it has been added since.





WILLIAM HILLMER.
 I am one of the clerks in the Inland-office. I was on duty on the 23rd of June, when the letters that came by the Indian mail were being sorted, I acted as a check-clerk—after the letter-carriers charges are told up by the telling-clerk, the dockets are handed to me, and I enter the amount of the dockets on some slip of paper—I entered the amount of the two charges for the Lower Thames-street walk, No. 106—they were 1l. 18s. 3d., and 3l. 0s. 2d., making a total of 4l. 18s. 5d.—those were the only charges that day—the letter-carrier of that district reported to me the amounts of those charges in the course of his duty—if they had not corresponded, they would have been corrected—they corresponded with the calculation of the teller—he called out the amounts, and they agreed with mine—he then took them away to his own table—it is the practice for the letter-carrier to put him initials on the dockets, signifying that they are right—I find the initial "R." here in pencil—I suppose it is for Ringrose—I do not examine the signature—I gave them to him to sign, and that is the way in which he would sign them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY.
Q. Did you deliver the letters to him? A. No—I did not tell up the letters with him—he signed it in the way of his duty—he signed it near me—I am in a desk above him—the letter-carrier who reports this charge to me signs the docket—I have no recollection who the letter-carrier was—I do not recollect whether it was Ringrose.





ANDREW FROOME.
 I am a letter-carrier in the General Post-Office. On the 23rd of June I was on duty there, and deducted the amount of the charges from the different letter-carriers in the tenth division—I asked Ringrose the amount of his charges that day—I should think that was a little before two o'clock—he gave me the amount of his charges by figures on the docket—I took the amount down from what he told me—I think it was 4l. 18s. 5d.—he gave it me verbally—these are my figures—I wrote it down at the time—it is not usually the course of my duty to enter the amount on such a ship—I do it occasionally—I did it that morning—I took it down from his mouth—in the course of the day the witness Farley made a communication to me—I should think that was from about half-past one to two o'clock.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARREY.
Q. What officer is it who delivers the letters to the letter-carrier before he goes on his walk? A. They are not delivered to the letter-carrier; they are bought from the Inland-officer, after they pass the check-clerk, the letter-carrier takes possession of them from his own box—they are numbered and put in boxes—the latter-carrier's number is called, and he goes to his box and takes out whatever letters he finds there.





GEORGE KERSHAW.
 I am one of the sub-stores. I was on duty on the 23rd of June last, about two o'clock, assisting the charge-taker of the tenth division—the total amount of postage against Ringrose that day is 4l. 0s. 9d.—some of this in my handwriting and some in the writing of a person named Falls—I did not see this 4l. 0s. 9d. written—the figures I put down were 5s. 2d., that was for mis-stored letters—that amount was called out by the charge-taker, Splevins, and it was added to Rindrose's amount—1l. 2s. 10d. is dedcuted for the same sort of thing—I put down the 1s. 2s. 10d. from Splevins' calling out—that was allowed to Ringrose—I did not see Ringrose when it was allowed—he would read it and see it was all right before he went

out—the charge-taker told me to read this to him before he left his seat—it would be the duty of the letter-carrier to read it to the charge-taker before he went out, to enable the charge-taker to take it down—4l. 0s. 9d. was the whole amount chargeable to Ringrose on that day—Thacker brought some unpaid letters, and said, "Allow Ringrose 18s. 1d."—he said he had brought them from Ringrose—Splevins would be responsible for the whole amount—it would be his duty to ascertain its correctness, and he told me to allow it to Ringrose—I entered that allowance in the charge-taker's book—I have the book here—I distributed the unpaid letters that Thacker brought to the letter-carrier for whom they intended.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY.
Q. At the same time he came to you with the 18s. 1d. did he not also come from Ritterspeck? A. Not that I am aware of—he did not say anything to me about something to be allowed to Ritterspeck—he only came to me from Ringrose—I told the charge-taker the amount, and he directed me to allow it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY.
Q. Who calculates the amount of the mis-sorted letters? A. The charge-taker.

COURT
Q. The letter were produced to you, and left with you for the 18s. 1d.? A. Yes, and I distributed them to the right person, and charged them with them.





WILLIAM SPLEVINS.
 I acted as charge-taker of the tenth division, on the 23rd of June last, on the sorting of the Indian mail—it would be my duty to make an entry in this book (produced)—I believe these figures, "18s. 1d.," against the Lower Thames-street walk, are mine—I am not certain, but I think they are, by the look of the "8"—I remember this amount of 18s. 1d. being brought to me by Thacker, for me to allow it to the carrier of the Lower Thames-street walk (Ringrose)—I made the allowance without telling the letter—these other figures, "4s. 4d." I believe are Mr. Kershaw's.

COURT.
Q. Did you read over that entry to Ringrose? A. He read it to me—it would be his duty to do so—he reads it thus, "4s. 4d.—3d.—3d., and 4d." first, and then the other side, "18s. 1d., 4s. 6d., and 3d."—that was all I had to do with him—that makes the balance 4l. 0s. 9d.—that was read over to him—he knew what he was charged with.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY.
Q. Can you recollect whether Thacker brought any letters from Fenchurch-street? A. I do not recollect that he did—he brought the 18s. 1d. to me.





JAMES BRODIE.
 I am a clerk in the Inland-office—I was in Mr. Kelly's room on the 23rd June, when Ringrose was brought in with his letters—I saw him produce his letter—I told up the postage of them—he placed them out on one of the tables in Mr. Kelly's room—the total amount of unpaid letters was 6l. 13s. 8d.—that was inclusive of newspapers, the total charge against him—I could not say how many letter there were, without a memorandum, which I have not here—I did not take them down in detail—that was afterwards done by another officer—I have a memorandum here which shows that the total number of letters, produced by Ringrose, was fifty-five, and twenty-six newspapers—a calculation was afterwards made of how many letters and newspapers would make 4l. 0s. 9d., and I told over—I found that thirty-two letters and twelve newspapers would make 4l. 0s. 9d.; but Mr. Barnard made that out, and can speak better to it—the list was not made out until after the examination at Bow-street.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY.
Q. Did Mr. Cook calculate the amount of the letters as well? A. No, he was not present—Mr. Blott, the assistant-President,

told up the amount, and agreed with me—he did not differ to the extent of 1l.—there was difference of a penny afterwards in Mr. Barnard's telling—I am quite sure it was not 1l.





CHARLES WILLIAM BARNARD.
 I am a clerk in the Inland-office. On the 23rd of June, some letters were handed to me by Mr. Clare, as the letters of Ringrose—I made out a list of the letters and newspapers, with the amount of the postage charged upon each—this is the list I made out—(produced)—I made it come to 6l. 13s. 9d., being the difference of a penny between myself and Mr. Brodie—we discovered that difference at the time—it was not tried a second time—I made a calculation as to how many letters and newspapers would amount to 4l. 0s. 9 d.—some letters addressed to Chalmers, Guthrie, and Co. alone amounted to 4l. 16s. 11d.—they were sorted separately for delivery—that would be done by the letter-carrier after they reached his hands, for the convenience of delivery.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY
Q. At the time an Indian mail comes in, are not about 300 letter-carriers employed there? A. No, there may 100 or 180, not more certainly—there may be twenty or twenty-five clerks, and as many messengers—there would be about 300 persons employed altogether.





WILLIS CLARE.
 I am an assistant-inspector—I was in attendance on the 23rd of June—it was not any part of Ringrose's duty to take letters from Thacker's table—I was in Mr. Kelly's room when Ringrose was there, with a number of letters and newspapers—I delivered those same letters to Mr. Barnard.

COURT.
Q. We have heard that there are some few firms whose letters, when they are at the sorting-table, are sorted by themselves; are Chalmers, Guthrie and Co., one of those firms? A. No.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY.
Q. Do you recollect the seventh and eighth divisions being momentarily unoccupied that morning? A. I cannot recollect seeing them unoccupied—Thacker suggested to me, that as the seventh and eighth divisions were unoccupied, he had better attend to them—the seventh and eighth divisions extend about Cheapside, and the Bank, and down to the water's edge—when I was a letter-carrier I dare say I have made mistakes, and been occasionally over and under in my charges—I have never been out of the office when I have found that out—I have always found it out inside the office, with the exception perhaps of 1d. or 2d.
(MR. PARRY.
understanding that Mr. Partridge was in attendance, was desirous of putting a question to him. The Solicitor-General expressed his readiness to call him, but the Court was of opinion that as his evidence was not required for the Prosecution, it should be left to the prisoner's Counsel to call him as his witness; the Judges having come to the decision, that Counsel for the Prosecution were not required to call all the witnesses whose names appeared on the back of the bill, although bound to have them in attendance.)

MR. PARRY
to
MR. KELLY.
Q. How long has Ringrose been in the post-office? A. Eight or nine years, and Thacker ten or eleven.

COURT.
Q. And of course during all that time their characters must have been good, or else they would not have remained? A. I do not know.

JURY.
Q. Are the letter-carriers' boxes locked? A. No, not after the letters pass to the letter-carriers' office—there are no boxes, in point of fact—they are put into what are termed boxes, but they are open at the top—they are merely divided into compartments—the messenger puts the charges into these compartments, and puts the dockets at the same time—the letter-carrier then comes and takes the letters out of the compartments, tells up the amount, takes the letters to his own desk, and there is no box or anything to look up there.

Charles Harold, baker, of Shoreditch; and John Yetton, publican, of Globe-road, deposed to Ringrose's good character; and Joseph Steward, general dealer, Poplar, to that of Thacker.

THACKER—


GUILTY. Aged 34.

RINGROSE—


GUILTY. Aged 30.

on the Third Count—




Transported for Seven Years


