



142. 




JOHN OLDERSHAW
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
5th of Nov., 2 spoons, value 2l., the goods of 



John Hallam.






SARAH HALLAM
. I am the wife of John Hallam, of Charterhouse-street. On the 5th of Nov., about a quarter past three o'clock, the prisoner and his brother came to my house—I knew his brother, but not him—I had them down into my kitchen, and gave them some bread and cheese—I went into my back-kitchen, and left them—they staid some time, then went away, taking the rest of the bread and cheese with them—my daughter had set the spoons, glasses, and other things, on a tray, and put them up stairs—the prisoner walked up after her—my daughter then went again, and called out that the spoons were gone—they were fellow spoons to this one which I produce, and no one else was in the house who went up the kitchen-stairs—the spoons hare not been found.

Prisoner. Q. Was there not another person in the house? A. There was a young girl in the kitchen, but she did not walk up stairs—the prisoner's brother did not go out till he was gone—he followed the prisoner in about two minutes—the other was just shutting the door when I missed
the spoons.





ELIZABETH SPENCER HALLAM
. The prisoner and the other man came to our house—I went down, put the spoons on the tray, and went up stairs, leaving them in the passage—the prisoner came up first, and then the other one came—the prisoner went out first—as soon as they were gone I went to the tray, and missed the spoons—I called my mother, and said they were gone.





THOMAS WHITWORTH
. About half-past three o'clock in the afternoon of the 5th of November, the prisoner and his brother called on me at the brew-house where I work—I took them over the tap, and gave them some bread and cheese and beer—I then went to them again, and the prisoner had two spoons in his hand—he said he had got two spoons, and if they were silver he could get over while Monday—the spoons were something similar to this

one, but I did not have them in my hand—I met him afterwards, and asked he had sold them—he said he had sold them for 6d., and that he was hard up.


Prisoner. They were only German silver; I paid 10d. for them before I started to seek for work—I was making my way down to the Dover rail-road, where I thought I should get work.

MRS. HALLAM
re-examined. When the prisoner was committed, he asked me not to appear against him, and said his brother would tell me what he had done with the spoons. 


GUILTY
.* Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.

