



248. 




CHRISTOPHER MAILE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
11th of Dec., 4lbs. weight of pork, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 



Samuel Foster; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






HENRY PALMER
. I live at No. 12, New Church-street, Portman-market. On the night of the 11th of Dec., I saw the prisoner near Mr. Foster's shop, which is at No. 10—I watched him, and saw him lay his hand on a bit of pork—he then came and bought a potato of a man in the street—I went in, and when I came out the prisoner was gone—I turned up Thayer-street, and saw him covering something with a handkerchief—I told the officer.





JOHN THRUSSELL
. The prisoner was pointed out to me by Palmer, about a quarter before ten o'clock at night, on the 11th of Dec., I saw him with a handkerchief covering over this piece of pork—I asked him what he had there, he said, a piece of pork, which he got at a shop in the Edgwara-road—I said, "Come with me, and show me that shop"—I was taking him there, and he said, "Oh no, a drunken man gave it to me, coming along Church-street"—I took him to Mr. Foster, he said it was his property, and he had cut a rasher off it a quarter of an hour before—the prisoner said he had not stolen it—he put down a shilling, and said, "I will pay for it."





CHARLES JAMES FOSTER
. I am in the employ of my father, Samuel Foster—he lives at No. 10, New Church-street—I know this pork, it is my father's, and is worth 1s. 6d.—it was not sold.

Prisoner. When I first came in with the policeman, you said you did not know it.

Witness. I looked at the pork, and said, 'Yes"—you threw down a shilling to pay for it.

Prisoner's Defence. A man in liquor passed by me, and said, "Here is a piece of pork;" I stood there with it in my hand for five minutes, before I put my handkerchief over it; I made no attempt to go away; I had money in my pocket to buy meat if I wanted it.





RICHARD HANCOCK
 (police-sergeant T 10.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—( read—Convicted on the 21st Oct., 3rd Vict., and transported for seven



years)—the prisoner is the person, arid I have had him three times in cutody since.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years
.
