



2161. 




BENJAMIN STOCK, alias
 Jones

, was indicted

 for uttering counterfeit coin, having been before convicted of a like offence.



MESSRS. CLARKE and NAYLOR
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to her Majesty's Mint I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Benjamin Stock aft this Court in Aug., 1845—I have examined it with the original—it is correct—(read.)





EDWARD PLOWRIGHT
 (policeman.) I was present at the trial mentioned—the prisoner is the person convicted.





SUSAN BURT
. I am shopwoman to Mr. Ralton, haberdasher, Waterloo-road. On the 3rd of Aug. the prisoner came to the shop and asked for a handkerchief, which came to 1d.—he gave me a crown-piece—I bit it, found it was bad, laid it down, and he took it up immediately—I told him it was bad—he said he had other money—he did not offer me any other, but left the shop immediately, leaving the handkerchief.





WILLIAM MORRIS
. I am a draper, and live in Royal-street, Lambeth. On the 3rd of Oct., at six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came and asked for a pair of cheap braces—I showed him a pair for 4d.—he offered me a crown-piece, which I objected to, as it was bad—he said he could let me have other money—I sent for a policeman, and gave him in charge with the crown-piece.





RICHARD BURDER
 (policeman.) On the 3rd of Oct. Morris called me—I received a crown-piece from him, and took the prisoner to the Tower-street station—I found a shilling, six sixpences, and a fourpenny-piece on him—Carter, the inspector, was present at the time.





THOMAS WILLIAM CARTBR
 (policeman.) I took charge of the prisoner at the Tower-street station—while I was taking the charge he took his right hand from his trowsers' pocket, and put it to his mouth—he was two or three minutes endeavouring to swallow something—he bad great difficulty in doing so, and for five or ten minutes afterwards he was in a great perspiration, and appeared in great pain—he could not speak—he was quite calm and in no perspiration before that—I informed the gaolor that he had swallowed something.





JOHN CONSTABLE
 (policeman.) On the 3rd of Oct. I was acting as gaoler at the station—the prisoner was brought there—before I put him Into the cell, in consequence of what Carter told me, I examined the water-closet—there was nothing in it but water—the prisoner appeared to be in the greatest agony, and said he should not live to go before the Magistrate, if somebody was not put with him in the cell—he knelt down in the cell, put his hands on the seat, and appeared in great agony—he asked if he could be allowed some coffee and bread and butter, which he had—I went off duty at nine o'clock—there was then nobody in the cell but him—I went on duty again at seven o'clock next morning—a prisoner named Walker was there then—the prisoner remained in the cell until Monday morning—during that time two more were put into the cell, M'Carthy and Alexander—on the Monday morning, after they had all gone out of the cell, I turned the water on to the water-closet, washed all the soil out, and found this half-crown in the basin.





JOHN WALKER
. I am an engineer, and live at No. 15, Dyer-street. On the 3rd of Oct. I was taken to the Tower-street station for a bit of a row, and placed in the same cell as the prisoner—when I went in he said he was very queer, he did not know what was the matter with him, whether it was drink or what made him so—he went to the water-closet—on Sunday M'Carthy and Alexander were brought in—I went to the water-closet—I did not put a half-crown into the basin; I had none about me.





DANIEL M'CARTHY
. I am a labourer. On Sunday, the 4th of Oct., I was

in the same cell in the station as the prisoner—I saw the prisoner go to the water-closet twice on Sunday, and once on Monday morning—he was walking up and down the cell, and complained very much of internal suffering—I went to the water-closet myself—I did not put any bad money there, and had not swallowed any.





JOHN ALEXANDER
. I am a general dealer. On Sunday, the 4th of Oct., I was in the cell with the prisoner and the two witnesses—nobody else was there—I did not see the prisoner go to the water-closet—he was walking up and down, and said he felt rather queer—I went to the water-closet—I did not put any half-crown there, and never swallowed one.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Mint. This crown-piece and half-crown are counterfeit in all respects.

Prisoners Defence. I bought half a dozen chickens, which I sold, and took the bad 5s. piece, and a sixpence for them; I went into the shop, and gave the 5s. piece; but did not know it was bad; I know nothing of the half-crown; anybody else might have put it there as well as me; I believe it is impossible for a half-crown to go through a person in forty-eight hours.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Lord Chief Baron Pollock.

