



1622. 




EDWARD HUMPHRIES
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
12th of May, 30lbs. weight of beef, value 15s., the goods of 



Charles Davis; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM ROWLAND AMBROSE
. I am in the employ of Mr. Charles Davis, of Mount-street, Lambeth. Between eight and nine o'clock in the morning of the 12th of May, I was in Paternoster-row with my master's cart—the prisoner was there with a cart also—he came up to me and asked me if he should carry the fat out to Mr. Cuthbert's—I told him no, I had a man that did the work regularly—he then took the tail-board of the cart down, and said he would carry one sack out for a pennyworth of gin—I said, "No"—I went to market, and when I came back to the cart, about 30lbs. weight of ribs of beef was gone—I went and asked the prisoner if he had seen any thing of it—be said no—I then went into Mr. Cuthbert's and made inquiry.

Prisoner. I went to my master's cart, and waited there twenty minutes—I saw three men taking the fat out of the cart—they asked me if I would have a drop of gin—I said I would, and I went and had it—I then went to Westminster with my master's cart—Ambrose came after me with another man, and asked me if I had got any meat in the cart belonging to him; my master was with me; he told him to get up into the cart to look—he got up, and shifted every bit of meat—after that be asked me to come back to Newgate-market with him, which I did, and was given in charge.





LAURENCE LATTIMER
. I saw the prisoner take the ribs of beef out of the cart—I am sure he is the man—I have no doubt about it.

Prisoner. Q. Why not give me in charge then? A. Because I did not know you was stealing it—you were not in Paternoster-row for nearly an hour afterwards.





JOHN DEAR
. I am a City-policeman. I took charge of the prisoner—as we were going from the station to Guildhall, he said, "It is all b—y well right, it is gone over the water safe enough."






GEORGE BARHAM
 (police-constable B 84.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, in the name of Edward Wetheral, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.
