




1452. 




CHARLES SPENCER
 and 



LOUISA GOLDING
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Fanny Billinghurst and another, about the hour of twelve in the night on the 
22nd of June, at 



Staines, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, I writing-desk, value 2l.; 1 pencil-case, 10s.; 1 knife, 6s.; and 1 paper-knife, 1s.; the goods of 



Fanny Sarah Billinghurst: 1 desk, value 2l.; and 1 seal, 5s.; the goods of 



Lucy Emily Billinghurst: 2 aprons, value 12s., the goods of 



Martha Reason: 4 spoons, value 10s.; 1 glass cloth, 2d.; 24 knives, 12s.; and 44 forks, 10s.; the goods of Fanny Billinghurst.







FANNY SARAH BILLINGHURST
. I live with my mother, Fanny Billinghurst, at Staines; the house is my mother's and aunt's; my sister, Lucy Emily Billinghurst, lives with me. On Monday, the 22nd of June, I went to bed about half-past eleven o'clock—the house was shut up in the usual way—the windows and doors were all shut I believe—Martha Reason, one of our servants, called us about twenty minutes after six the next morning—I then missed a writing-desk of my own, and a penknife and some property of my mother's and sisters—I had seen them all safe the night before—I had been using my desk in the afternoon or evening—it was in the dining-room down stairs—tome things were missed from the kitchen—we missed a considerable mass of property—the scullery window had been forced open, and the door was open—that window had been nailed up—there was one pane of glass. removed from it, which would enable a man to put his hand in—it must have been forced—some of the nails were left in—in the course of that night, about ten minutes before twelve o'clock, we heard a noise, and went into different rooms with a light, but discovered nothing—the articles produced are mine, my mother's, and sister's.





MARTHA REASON
. I am servant to Mrs. Billinghurst. I went to bed a little after eleven o'clock on the 22nd of June—I went before my mistress—when I went to bed the scullery window was quite fast—I came down at twenty minutes past six the next morning—the dresser drawers were open, and the things all about—the scullery door was open, and the window had been forced open—I went and informed my mistress—I missed two aprons and a flannel petticoat partly made, of my own, out of a drawer—they are mine—these other things are my mistress's—her house is in the parish of Staines.





EDWARD TAYLOR
 (police-constable 26.) I received information on the 23rd of June—I went to Ditton, to Waltham, and to Hersham—I received more information, and on Friday morning, between one and two o'clock, we found the prisoners in a shed close against Mr. Carter's house, at Waltham, which is some miles from Staines—I found a bundle in the shed, containing a great number of articles which had been lost, and have been sworn to by the witnesses—I asked Spencer whose the bundle was—he said it was his own—he was then taken before the Magistrate—I then made inquiry about some knives and forks—I found them at a publican's, named Bristow, at Ewell—they have been identified—I got this writing-desk from Palmer Porter.





RICHARD MOORE
 (police-sergeant T 4.) I examined the prosecutrix's premises, and found the scullery window had been broken open—I went with Taylor to Mr. Carter's and found there a cart which we had been looking after—I went to the shed, and apprehended Golding coming out of the shed, between one and two o'clock in the morning—I said to Taylor, "Look out, I think the man is handy by"—he found Spencer—Golding said she had got herself into a pretty mess by riding with this young man—in searching the premises I found another shed, which was locked up, which Mr. Carter told me was occupied by Charley, the rag and bone man—in searching that shed I found under a tea-chest, this bag of letters belonging to the Miss Billinghurst—I

got this small gold seal from Palmer Porter—we called at Mr. Carter's again on the Saturday and got a coat, a pair of trowsers, and a pair of stockings.





FANNY SARAH BILLINGHUEST

re-examined. These letters were in the two desks.





MATTHEW MOORE
 (police-constable V 35.) I went to Mr. Carter's and found the cart—I asked Mr. Harlit, in the presence of Spencer, whether that was the cart that had been at Kingston, and he said it was—it was the horse and cart he had lent to Spencer—that was the cart we had been following from the Tuesday—I went to the locked shed at Mr. Carter's, and found the teachest and the letters—I then went to Porter's at Kingston and found this desk, which has been identified by the prosecutrix—I got these tea-spoons from Porter on the Friday morning.





PALMER WILLIAM PORTER
. I saw the horse and cart on the Tuesday evening at Mr. Stammer's about seven o'clock, or half-past seven—Spencer was in it, and there was a woman with him—I saw Golding with Spencer at Esher the next morning—Spencer was hawking about a writing-desk and tome knifes and forks, offering them for sale—I gave him 39s. for the lot—there were about two dozen knives and forks—I think I gave a good price for them.





HENRY ROBINSON
. I am an officer of Waltham. The policeman and I were in search of the prisoners—I took Spencer—Mr. Carter told me that Charley the rag-man had the shed—I took a bunch of keys from Spencer, and one of them unlocked the shed where the bag of letters was.





CATHARINE CARTER
. The prisoner Spencer was a lodger of mine for about four months—he took the shed where these letters were, of my husband, and he had the key of it—I never knew Golding till the police brought her to me.

Golding. You searched my person. Witness. No, a lodger of mine did—it was my husband's brother's son's cart that they had.





THOMAS STAMMERS
. I keep the William the Fourth at Kingston. The two prisoners came to my house on Tuesday evening about six o'clock with a horse and cart, and had the horse taken out to bait, and they had some chops cooked—they had two desks and a bundle—Spencer was selling the things—Golding did not seem to take any part in it—they had a wheelbarrow in the cart—my house is about nine miles from Staines—they left about eight o'clock.

Spencer. Q. When I offered things for sale did you think they were "honest?" A. Yes—a person offered you 30s. for some and you would not take it—I saw some letters in one of the desks—you stated that you bought the things of a man at Chertsey.

Spencers Defence. I bought them of a man at Chertsey, who said his name was John Parker, the morning after the robbery; I bought the desks as empty; I was not aware they contained anything; I got a key fitted to one of them, opened it, and it contained the letters; I have been in the habit of borrowing that horse and cart to go to various places, on business as a general dealer; I am perfectly innocent.

Golding's Defence. I had been to the races, and they had not got a van that I could come home by; I met with this prisoner at Moulsey; he said he was going to Kingston, and asked me to have a ride; we got to Kingston; he then said he had not settled his business, and if I would go with him he would take care I had a lodging, and he was coming to town the next day; we set out next day to come to London; he met a broker, and they went into a public-house and settled their business; he then said he wanted to see another person, but he would see me eventually to London; that he had to

go some distance; we could not get a bed at Waltham, and he laid we must make shift there till morning; I had no alternative but to stop there.

SPENCER—


GUILTY
. * Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten years.


GOLDING—


NOT GUILTY
.
