



437. 




ANN CRONIN
was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of December, at 

St. Mary Matfelon, aliasWhitechapel, 3 shifts, value 10s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 2s. 6d.; 2 towels, value 2s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 6d.; and 1 table-cloth, value 10s.; the goods of Mary 



Ann Broughton: 1 teapot, value 10l.; 1 tea-pot stand, value 2l.; 1 sugar-basin and cover, value 10l.; 1 milk-jug, value 2l.; 14 spoons, value 6l.; 1 fish-slice, value 2l.; 1 butter-knife, value 12s.; 4 salt-cellars, value 4l.; 26 forks, value 15l.; 1 pair of snuffers and 1 stand, value 15s.; 2 candlesticks, value 30s.; 1 bottle-stand, value 20s.; 1 cruet, value 20s.; 12 knives, value 2l.; 1 neck-chain, value 8l.; 1 eye-glass, value 20s.; 1 brooch, value 3l.; 3 seals, value 3l. 1 split-ring, value 10s.; 6 rings, value 4l.; and 1 box, value 10s.; the goods of 



Ann Broughton, her mistress, in her dwellinghouse.






MARY ANN BROUGHTON.
I am the daughter of Ann Broughton, who is a widow, and occupies a house in Alie-place, Great Alie-street, Goodman's-fields, in the parish of St. Mary, Whitechapel—the prisoner was my mother's servant. She came to us about the 29th of November, and left on. Wednesday, the 4th of December—I was out at the time, and my mother' was out of town—I went out at eleven o'clock on Wednesday morning, and did not return till between eight and nine o'clock on Thursday evening—she was gone then—I did not leave her in the house when I went out; I had sent her out, and I went out before she returned home—I had no knowledge of her intention to go—I found the house in confusion, and missed a copper tea-kettle—I did not miss any thing else till between eleven and twelve o'clock, when the policeman came—I then examined the house, and found the plate-box and all the plate gone—the policeman brought some linen and wearing apparel of mine, and a table-cloth—I went to the police station-house in Bow-street on Friday morning, and found the plate there, and part of the property was produced at the office.





WILLIAMM TROTMAN.
I am a policeman. I was on duty on the 5th of December, about ten o'clock at night, in Drury-lane, and saw the prisoner coming along, apparently very much intoxicated—I stopped till she came close to me—she dropped a quantity of plate from her person in the street, which I now produce—I asked how she came by it, she gave me no answer—I took her to the station-house, after taking up the plate, and she said it was given to her by a young man, of whom she gave a description—I found four table-spoons, two gravy-spoons, eight forks, one soup-ladle, one sauce-ladle, one caddy-spoon, and some wearing apparel on her.






CHARLES HENRY BAGNEL.
I am a policeman. I was in Drury-lane that night—I saw a mob, and went over—I found Trotman taking up the plate—the prisoner at that time was in custody of a butcher—I took her from him, and took this bundle from under her shawl, containing two shifts, two towels, and a handkerchief.





ANN CLARKE.
I live at the station-house, and search female prisoners—I was called to search the prisoner, and found on her a silver fork, a sauce-ladle, a salt-spoon, a table-spoon, a duplicate for a gold chain, an eye-glass, an ear-ring, three sovereigns and a half-sovereign, and 12s. 4 1/2d.





JAMES RADCLIFFE CHESTER.
I am in the service of Mr. Townsend, a pawnbroker in Little-Russell-street, Covent-garden. I have a gold chain, an eye-glass, an ear-ring, a brooch, part of a bracelet, and part of a seal, pawned by the prisoner on the 5th of December, about seven o'clock in the evening, for 3l. 10s.—this is the duplicate of them.





MARY ANN BROUGHTON

re-examined. The plate is my mother's, the wearing apparel is mine—there are still a great many more things missing—the value of the whole lost is about 80l.

Prisoner's Defence. I am not guilty of the robbery, nor did I know they were stolen property; I got them when I was intoxicated, I did not steal them. The mistress I lived with before came to the station-house, and said she would give me a character. Miss Broughton's sister, who was left at home in care of the house, gave me into custody, and sent me to Denmark-street station-house.

MISS BROUGHTON
re-examined. My sister had sent her to the stationhouse on the Wednesday, because she had been found drunk, and she did not know what to do with her—I had no character with her.




GUILTY.Aged 22.—


Transported for Fourteen Years


Before Mr. Justice Coleridge.
