





1179. 




EDWARD ARMSTRONG,


 JOHN CATOR
, and 




FREDERICK CLEAVER
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
1st of April, 1 coat, value 8s.; and 1 jacket, value 4s.; the goods of 



John Harris; and that Cleaver had been before convicted of felony.






MARY HARRIS
. I am the wife of John Harris, a clothes-salesman in Wilstead-street, Somer's-town. On the 1st of April, we had a coat hanging up within the door—I saw it safe at seven o'clock, it was brought to me next afternoon—I had not missed it until then—Cleaver and Armstrong came to our shop on the evening of the 1st of April to purchase a jacket—I had none cheap enough for them—I said, if they would call in a day or two, I might have one to suit them—Cleaver was left in the shop last—I said to him, "Your friend is gone"—he said, "He is no friend of mine," and then he went away.





MARGARET MEREDITH
. I am the wife of Richard Meredith. We keep a second-hand clothes shop, in Monmouth-court, St. Giles—on the evening of the 1st of April, I went outside my door to buy some meat for the dog, and when I came back I found the three prisoners in my shop, and this coat on the counter—I said, "What is this?"—my husband said, "The lads have brought a coat to sell"—I said, "It does not suit me, I shall not buy it"—(I saw no jacket)—Armstrong said, "Won't you buy it?"—I said, "No"—he said, "I want a crown for it"—I said, "I don't want any thing to do with it, so take it away"—he said, "Well, if you don't buy it for a crown, I can pawn it for a crown"—the officer then came in, and took them.





JOSEPH THOMPSON
. I am a policeman. I went into Meredith's house, and there found the three prisoners—Cleaver had got the coat on, showing the quality and size of it—Mrs. Meredith was saying something about buying it—there was a little dispute about the price—the other two prisoners were standing by—I had seen them in company previous to going into the house, which caused me to apprehend all of them—at the station I found this jacket on Armstrong—he had two jackets on—he said he bought it in Petticoat-lane for 3s. 6d.

MRS. MEREDITH
re-examined. We had no dispute about the price—I would not buy it.

Armstrong's Defence. I went into Meredith's shop, but I never spoke a word—Cator came in to buy a waistcoat—I bought the jacket in Petticoat-lane that evening at five o'clock—a man in shirt sleeves brought the coat in.

Cleaver's Defence. I did not take the coat in, it was in the shop—I put on, and said if it would fit me, I would buy it.

Cator's Defence. I went to ask if she had a waistcoat—she said, "Nothing but light ones," and just as I was coming out, the policeman took me—I know nothing of the other two.





THOMAS HARDWICK
. I am a City police-constable. I produce a certificate of Cleaver's former conviction—(read)—he is the person.

ARMSTRONG**—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.

CLEAVER—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.




Transported for Seven Years.

CATOR—


NOT GUILTY
.
