



1800. 




ISAAC PRIOR
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
11th of June, 1 marc, price 7l., the property of 



William Goodchild and another; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN PENNICARD
. I am a carrier, and live on Claphamcommon. On Thursday night, the 10th of June, I had a brown mare—I turned her out that night on Clapham-common, about nine o'clock—I saw her next day, at half-past twelve, perfectly safe on the common—I did not see her again till the following Monday morning, when I saw her at Mr. Wallis's, Garret-lane, Wandsworth—it was afterwards at the police-office—she is worth 7l.





EDWARD WALLIS
. I am a horse-slaughterer, and live in Garret-lane, Wandsworth. I have seen the prosecutor's brown mare—I first saw it on Friday, the 11th, about a quarter to five o'clock in the evening—the prisoner brought it to me, and said he brought it from his brother—I asked what he wanted for it—he said his brother would call and settle—I said that was not the way I did business, if I bought the mare I would pay

him for it—I wanted to know what he wanted for it—he named 3l.—I said I should not give any such money as that, and offered him 2l. 5s., which he took, and I gave him 1s. for himself—I received information on Saturday, and showed the mare to the prosecutor at the police-station.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you know the prisoner before? A. I have seen him, but never spoke to him—I do not know what he is, but his brother is a cow-keeper at Battersea—I think 2l. 5s. is the value of the horse—I understand horses.





WILLIAM LEE
 (police-constable V 38.) I know the prisoner by sight. On Friday afternoon, the 11th of June, I was in Falcon-lane, in the parish of Battersea, and overtook the prisoner—he said, "Good morning"—I said, "Good morning; are you going to look at your stock?"—he said, "Yes, I am," and he went towards Clapham-common, and I returned to Wandsworth—it was between three and four o'clock in the afternoon—he was coming in a direction from Battersea.

Cross-examined. Q. What do you mean by his stock? A. knew he had a stock on the common at times—I do not know whether they were the prisoner's or his brother's—I have frequently seen him going that way—I was in my uniform.





WILLIAM READ
 (police-constable V 18) On Saturday night I went to a lodging which I supposed to be occupied by the prisoner, in the Folly public-house at Battersea, about a quarter before twelve o'clock at night, and found him sitting in a chair by the fire—he looked up and said, "Do you want me, Mr. Read?"—I said, "I do"—I knew him before—he got up and put on his boots—I said, "I suppose you know what I want you for?"—he said, "Yes, I do," and nudged me—I said, "Stop a little, I must secure you before you go out"—I put the handcuffs on him, and took him to the station.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know if he has any stock on the common? Q. I know his brother has.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Were you present when he was examined before the Magistrate? A. Yes—I heard him make a statement, which was taken down by the Clerk—(read)—" The prisoner says, 'I changed the horse at the White Lion public-house, at Streatham, between two and three o'clock, I drew 1l., and the horse I sold to Mr. Wallis.' "





JAMES DEAN
. I am turnkey of Chelmsford gaol. I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at Chelmsford, which I got from the Clerk of the Peace—(read)—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
