




2117. 




JOSEPH POWELL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of May, 7 sovereigns and 2 20l. Bank notes, the monies of 



John Marson, from his person.


MR. WILKINS
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN MARSON
. I am a carpenter and builder, and live in Union-street, Pimlico. On Monday, the 1st of May, I presented a 50l. cheque at the London and Westminster Bank, and received two 20l. Bank of England notes and ten sovereigns for it—this is the cheque—next evening I was at the Ben Jonson, in Great Wild-street, with Stebbing—I had my purse containing the money there—we had three glasses of brandy and water among three of us—Stebbing went out to fetch a cab for me—he brought the driver into the house, and I am certain the prisoner is that man—I had got the third glass of brandy and water when he came in—I went to my purse and changed a sovereign to pay for two glasses of brandy and water in his presence—my notes were then in my purse, for I wrapped them round a bill of exchange, and put them into my purse again—I went out directly from the front of the bar, and got into the cab—both me and Stebbing told the prisoner to drive to No. 16, Passmore-street, Pimlico—I am certain the number was mentioned—I fell asleep on the way, and was awoke by the prisoner at the top of Union-street, where I live, which is nearly a hundred yards from No. 16, Paaamore-street—I paid him his fare, as I had put 3s. in my left hand trowsers pocket for the purpose, at the Ben Jonson—when I got out of the cab I went straight to my house—I did not come in contact with anybody between the cab and my own door—I saw nobody—I went to bed directly I got home—all the persons in my house were in bed—I got up between five and six o'clock in the morning, and on putting on my trowsers I missed all my money—my purse was left, and the bill also.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. You were rather fresh? A. I was a little fresh—I was sent home in a cab on account of my friend knowing I had the money—that was the only time I saw the prisoner—I think it was a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes after he came, that I went into the cab—I left the Ben Jonson a little before eleven o'clock—I had been out the whole day—I saw the two notes safe that evening—I did not examine them particularly, but I wrapped them round the bill of exchange in front of the bar—I am quite certain of it—the silver was not in the same pocket with the purse—Stebbing had been with me the whole evening—before I went there I had been at his father-in-law's—I had supped there, and drank at my supper Stebbing's wife came to the Ben Jonson soon after we got there—I prosecuted a man named Weymouth last Session for receiving one of these notes—(see 8th Session, page 412)—I was sent for to the station, and saw the prisoner—he was not pointed out to me—there were four or five others with him—I was told I was going to see a cabman, to see if he was the person who drove me that night—I do not recollect that I had any conversation with any body about the matter, before I went to the cell.

MR. WILKINS. Q. There were three or four others with him? A. Yes—they came in front of the door—I said, the prisoner was the man, the moment I saw him.





HENRY SHRAPNELL WITHERS
. I am chief cashier at the London and Westminster bank. This cheque was brought on the 1st of May by the prosecutor—I gave him ten sovereigns and two 20l. notes, Nos. 9522 and 9528 dated the 8th of March, 1843—they were issued from the bank that very morning.





JOSHUA STEBBING
. I am a tailor, and live in Fetter-lane, Holborn. On Tuesday night, the 2nd of May, I was with Marson at the Ben Jonson—I

fetched a cab for him about five minutes to eleven, from Charles-street, opposite Bow-street—the prisoner was the driver—I am quite certain—I rode with him on the box to the Ben Jonson, and went with him into the public-house—he stood up by the beer engine—there was a full gas-light there, and he stood in the full blaze of the light—after he got there, the prosecutor called for a glass of brandy and water—the cabman had the biggest part of it—the prosecutor took a sovereign out of his purse to pay for it—I saw he had two notes, and a bill of exchange in his purse—he wrapped the notes round the bill of exchange, put them into the purse, and the sovereigns on the top of then, put the purse into his right hand pocket, and buttoned it up—the prisoner was present, and must have seen it—I saw Marson get into the cab, and told the prisoner to drive him to No. 16, Passmore-street—he drove away.

Cross-examined. Q. When you say he must have seen it, you mean he might have seen it? A. Yes—I gave the prisoner the brandy and water myserf—I believe that was at the very time the prosecutor was wrapping the notes in the bill—I never saw him before that night—I saw him afterwards in Feathserstone-street station—I was sent for—the officer said believed they had got the cabman—he was not pointed out to me—he sat with his back towards the gas-light—the inspector told him to get up and turn round, and I immediately said he was the man—Mr. Marson saw him next day at Worship-street—I was at the police-court when he came there.





CATHIRINE STEBBING
. I am the wife of Joshua Stebbing. On the evening of the 2nd of May, I was at the Ben Jonson—I was there when the cabman came in—the prisoner is the man—I saw Mr. Marson take his purse out, and put the notes into his pocket again—the cabman was not there it that time I think, but he afterwards took it out when the cabman was there—he went away in the cab—I am certain the prisoner if the man who drove it.

Cross-examned. Q. You never saw him before? A. Never—I went there with my husband from my father's—I did not go afterwards—I went with them, and was there all the time—the prosecutor pulled his purse out twice—I think three glasses of brandy and water were drunk—the third glass was ordered for the cabman—he draak it and went away—as soon as he drink it, Mr. Marson went away—I was not here last Session—I was before the Magistrate—I have talked with my husband about this, many times—I never the prisoner again till the policeman took me to the cell to point him out, and I pointed him out in the cell at Worship-street—there were others in the cell at the time—my husband had told me they had got the cabman—he wore a heavy coat at the public-house, but he had not that on in the cell—he was very differently dressed in the cell altogether—not at all like a cab
driver—he was much more respectably dressed.





GEORGE THOMAS HUGGETT
. I am a carriage maker, and live in High-street, Shoreditch. On Wednesday afternoon, the 3rd of May, a man named Weymouth, who was tried last Sessions came to me, and the prisoner with him in a pony cart—Weymouth said he wasted to buy a phaeton body—I said I had not any by me at present, but it he would take me in his cart down to Deptford where I had paid for two, he could have one of them, and he took me down to Deptford—the prisoner drove the pony cart down, and Weymouth went in the cart with me—on the road the prisoner told me he was a cabman, that he drove a cab by night, and that he had a son who drove it by day—he said he had bought a cab about fifteen months previous of Weymouth, and it turned out his description was correct—when we got to Deptford, we all three got out—Weymouth selected a cab body, and he and the

prisoner put it up in the cart—2l. was to be paid for it—Weymouth tendered a 20l. note in payment, in the prisoner's presence—I could not give change—we all three drove back to my house, and got out—the prisoner did not come in—he stopped outside—the note was given to my daughter-in-law, who brought change back for it—I placed it on the table—Weymouth paid me, and took the rest—when he left my house he drove away with the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. When they first came to your house Weymouth spoke to you? A. Yes; they came to my workshop in Aldersgate-street—Weymouth remained outside, and talked to me, in the prisoner's presence—we drove from Aldersgate-street to Deptford and back—we had a good deal of conversation, and stopped at three different places on the road—I had ginger-beer at every place—the first place we stopped at was the Five Bells—the prisoner wanted to buy a horse there, and appointed to meet an hoar afterwards at the place, but the party who had the horse for sale was not there—the note was offered for change at the second place, by Weymouth, in the prisoner's presence—we stopped there about ten minutes, and we staid at the Five Bells again as we came back—that was the third call—we stopped at Tanner's-hill, and got out there—Mr. Nash, who showed the body, was there—he had something to drink there—I think I could give all the conversation that took place at all the three places—I was with the prisoner four or fife hours—I am positive he is the man—I could give the purport of the conversation—we conversed respecting cabs—I keep a coffee-house, as well as being a coach-builder.





SUSAN RAMPLING
. I am single, and live with my father-in-law, Mr. Huggett. On the 3rd of May I remember Weymouth coming to my father-in-law's house—I believe it was between five and six o'clock—he gave me a 20l. Bank of England note to get changed—I took it to Mr. Webb's—he gave me twenty sovereigns—I brought them, and laid them on the table—Weymouth took them up.





GEORGE WEBB
. I am a cheesemonger, and live in Shoreditch—Huggett lives next door but one—his daughter-in-law brought me a 20l. note at the beginning of May—I gave change for it, and wrote Mr. Huggett's name on it and the day of the month—this is the note—it has my endorsement on the back of it—I sent it to Price and Co., bankers.





THOMAS PHILLIPS
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England—I produced note from the bank—it came in from Price's.





ROBERT COLE
 (police-constable G 193.) On the 22nd of June I took the prisoner into custody in a public-house in Maiden-lane, Somers-town—I called him out, and asked if he was a cab-man—he said, "No, I am a cab-proprietor"—I asked if he was not driving on the 2nd of May—he said "No, I have not driven myself since April"—I told him he had taken up a gentleman in Great Wild-street, and drove him to Pimlico, on the 2nd of May—he said he could prove that on the 2nd of May he was at the Bayswater tea gardens, and mentioned two parties who could prove he was there—I detained him.

Witnesses for the Defence.






JOHN RUBRIDGE
. I am a coach-smith, and live at No. 13, Princes-street, Marylebone. I have known the prisoner from four to five years—he was with me on the 1st of May, and made an appointment to meet me on the 2nd of May—on Monday, the 1st of May, I met him promiscuously between Praed-street and Chapel-street, Edgeware-road—I saw him on the 2nd of May at the Bayswater tea gardens, by appointment, in consequence of what had passed between us on the 1st of May—I saw him there from about six o'clock in the evening till twelve at night—we were in company together in the gardens—

other persons were with us—I recollect the day by seeing the prisoner in the Edgware-road, dressed in a different garb to what he was usually dressed in as the driver of a cab—he was out of his own neighbourhood, and decently dressed—he is the proprietor of a little hackney cab chariaot—I cannot speak as to his character.

MR. WILKINS. Q. Don't you know he has borne a bad character? A. I do not—he has always been a free-hearted sort of roan to his wife and family, and as to me he has never been dishonest—a person named Phillips was with at on the night in question—I saw him at the gardens—I met with him there—there was some one in his company—I believe it to be a person named Barton—he was with Phillips when we met with him—I saw them when I first entered the gardens in the bowling-green, and from there went with them into the concert-room—I had met the prisoner on the 2nd of May near the Great Western Railway—he was with me when we met Phillips and Barton—he accompanied me down, and we all four went into the concert-room—we did not go in together—I and the prisoner went in first—the others came in after us—I cannot say exactly how long after—it might have been within half or three quarters of an hour—I sat in the concert-room the whole evening, and so did Phillips, Barton, and the prisoner—I was smoking a pipe, and drinking half-and-half—our party drank half-and-half in the concert-room—I was not before the Magistrate when the prisoner was committed—I think I was first asked to come here as a witness last Sunday evening—I live about two miles and a half from the prisoner—I was not one of Weymouth's witnesses to character, nor in court at his trial—I knew him well—I never saw the prisoner and Weymouth together—I knew Weymouth by business transactions—I swear the prisoner was in my company on the 2nd of May from six o'clock till twelve—I believe Phillips and Barton are here to speak to that—I do not know that any of the waiters are here that Waited on us—I have not brought anybody out of our party—I do not remember any of the performances of that evening—there were songs—I believe comic songs—there might be two or three, within the lapse of the time—we all went away from the place together—not all four of us—I am not sure whether Phillips did not go first—I am certain three of us went together—we left as near twelve o'clock as possible—I am a coachman's journeyman—I formerly worked for James Pindar—I am at home now, living with my friends—my father is a coachmaker.

MR. HORRY. Q. You are out of employ? A. Yes—I met the prisoner made the Great Western Railway, in pursuance of an appointment to go lot the Bayswater-gardens.

COURT. Q. Had you been on the look-out for work? A. I had—I have made a great many applications at the Great Western Railway, being introduced by the foreman there, but have not succeeded—I paid my part for the entertaiment, as far as my means would allow—we all four drank together at one time, and two were in their own company at one time—we got into the concert-room about six or seven o'clock, and stopped there six hours—I was not continually drinking—I do not think what I paid exceeded 1s.—the concert began somewhere near eleven—there was singing going on before that, and stage performances, for six hours, as near as I can say—I was never in the house before—I have been since.

Q. Did you meet him at the concert-room on the 1st? A. On the 1st we walked down there about seven or half-past, and staid, as near as I can say, till eleven or twelve at night—I had met him in the Edgeware-road—he said he had a horse at home lame, that he was very much distressed, and he should endeavour all he possibly could to have his son to manage his affairs, and he to apply for an omnibus situation—I left him in the Edgeware-road—I met

him promiscuously in the Edgeware-road, and on that evening we made a proposition that we should go and have a walk round the Western Railway—I first met him about three or four o'clock—I did not remain with him till we went to the concert-room—we parted company, and agreed to meet at the concert-room that evening, and we met about six or seven—we had met on the 1st at the same place, and staid there till between eleven and twelve at night-Barton was not there on the 1st—he was on the 2nd, and Phillips too—Phillips did not come on the 1st, no one but the prisoner—the performance and singing was similar to that on the 2nd—I cannot tell what the performance was—there was singing—I took greater interest in the songs than the performance—I have not the least idea what the performances were—I cannot remember the songs—parties came on the stage in character, and there was a party or two dancing in chains—that was a remarkable thing—I do not know whether that was the first or second night—we paid 3d. for admission—I had every reason to believe the prisoner was residing within a very short space of Maiden-lane bridge, where he had lived four or five years—the stand where he is said to have driven the cab, is near King's-cross—the son usually put the cab in Portland-road, I believe, but the father used to put it on near Maiden-lane—he was in the habit of driving—the son was in the habit of driving at times in the day, and the father by night generally speaking.





HENRY PHILLIPS
. I am a watchmaker, and live sat No. 28, Nutford-place, Bryanston-square. I have known the prisoner between two and three years—I was with him on the evening of the 2nd of May at the Bayswater tea gardens—I did not see him come in—I met him accidentally in the gardens with two other parties, and afterwards saw him in the gardens—I have since heard the names of the parties—Rubridge was one—I never saw them before that night—I have seen them to-day—I have not seep Barton here.

COURT. Q. Do you know such a person as Barton? A. No—I was alone by myself—I was not with anybody for three quarters of an hour—I was in the gardens some time before I went into the concert-room.

MR. HORRY. Q. You met him with two persons? A. I did—I went into the concert-room, sat down, and stopped there some time, in company——I have employed the prisoner in different things about the town, and always found him honest.

MR. WILKINS. Q. Do not you know that he has been twice confined in Newgate? A. No, I do not—I will not say that he has not—I first saw the prisoner about half-past eight, I will not say exactly—I went into the gardens at six, and remained till half-past eleven, or about a quarter to twelve—the prisoner and Rubridge accompanied me—we went out together—there was another man, but he left—there was four of our party—I was by myself at first—I met the three there—there was not four besides me—there was plenty in the room—I was enjoying myself, drinking and smoking cigars—Fubridge partook with me—I do not remember giving him a cigar—he did not pay for a cigar, that I recollect—I did not notice that he smoked—I was drinking half-and-half—they partook with me—there was spirits afterwards—I had some brandy and water—it happened to be my birth-day—I did not treat them with brandy and water—they were not with me at that time—we all had some spirits—some of our party were smoking pipes—I recollect pipes being brought—there was singing and music going on in the evening, nothing else particular—comic and sentimental songs; I do not remember any particular ones—after we left the gardens I went home up Edgeware-road—I left them in Edgeware-road—I was not before the Magistrate—I was first spoken to about this last week—a person came and asked me whether I recollected being there, and since that I have been subpœnaed—I was not in the prisoner's company on the 1st of May—it was by mere accident I met him on

the 2nd—I am a journeyman—I have nothing to do with the prisoner, except in the way of business, employing him as a cabman—I had seen him about a fortnight before this, the last time he drove me from Praed-street to Clerkenwell—I do not know that he had been out with the cab the night before.

COURT. Q. Who was the fourth man? A. There was a tall man—I do not know his name, he was a perfect stranger to me—I did not see him till I saw the prisoner in the garden, in the bowling-green—I went into the concert-room about half-past eight—the strange man was, I believe, Barton—if any one has said I was with Barton before I met the prisoner, they are mistaken—I was alone—I went down to take a walk—Barton was not with me till after I met the prisoner—when I met the prisoner there were two parties with him, and none with me—I do not remember a man dancing in chains—I was in and out several times—I did not confine myself to the room—I have not seen Barton here to-night—the 1st of May was on a Monday—I recollect it because my birth-day was on the 2nd—I was thirty-four years old—we did not meet to celebrate it—I go there when I have done my employment—I was not there on the 1st—I have seen Rubridge here to-day—I met him in the Court.





CHARLES CHANDLER
. I am an ostler, and live at 27, Charlotte-street. I attend Powell's cab in Stevenson-street, Maiden-lane—there are stables at the side of the house—I remember Monday the 1st of May, and the whole of that week—Powell did not go out with his cab the whole of that week—I am quite certain—his son did.

MR. WILKINS. Q. Have you ever been in this Court before? A. Yes, in the dock, but I was honourably acquitted.

MR. HORRY. Q. How long is it since? A. Eighteen months—it was before the Recorder.





JOSEPH POWELL
. I am the prisoner's son. My father did not go out with the cab, on Monday the 1st of May, or the whole of that week—I did.

MR. WILKINS. Q. Who went out at night? A. Nobody—I was out from eight o'clock in the morning till twelve at night—nobody went out after that—I swear that—I did not go before the Magistrate.

MR. HORRY. Q. Is Barton here? A. No—I saw him about half an hour ago standing outside.





JOSHUA STEBBING

re-examined. I was not fresh at the time—I saw the notes put into the purse and the sovereigns on the top of them—I procured the cab, thinking it safe that he should go home in a cab with his money—I had been at work all day, and only had two glasses of brandy and water, and part of a third—I should think I rode half a mile on the top of the cab with the prisoner—his was the first cab on the stand, which was in Charles-street, opposite Bow-street.




GUILTY
. * Aged 47.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

