



1656. 




JOHN WILLIAM GERMAIN
was againindicted

for stealing, on the 
17th of May, 4 tablecloths, value 1l. 2s., the goods of 



Jesse Clarkson.






JEESE CLARKSON.
I am a hairdresser, living at Wandsworth, in Surrey. The prisoner took a lodging at my house for two nights on the 10th of May, but he slept there but one night—he and I went out after

dinner on the Sunday, and returned in the evening—he did not sleep there that night—on the Monday morning, between five and six o'clock, the policeman called on me, I went with him to the station-house, and saw the prisoner there, and these four tablecloths—the inspector had possession of them—they are mine, and had been kept in a drawer in the front-room on the first floor, where the prisoner slept on the Saturday night—I saw the inspector unlock that drawer with a key from the bunch which he had—the tablecloths are worth 22s.—I know them by the marks on them—(examining them.)





JOHN BUSAIN.
I am a police-inspector. About one o'clock on Monday morning, the 18th of May, I was going my round, and was called by Stephen Keen, the landlord of the Prince's Head public-house, Battersea—I found the prisoner there—he was not sober—he was partly undressed—he had his coat off—I was called in in consequence of his refusing to go to bed—he said he would neither leave the house nor go to bed—he had taken a lodging there—the landlord was afraid to go to bed, and to leave him rambling about the house—after I got him up stairs, circumstances arose which excited my suspicion, and I searched him—I found on him this purse with four duplicates and the 50l. note, and three other purses; one was empty, one with eleven duplicates in it, one with a seven-shilling piece and half-a-crown in it, and 6s. in silver loose in his pocket, and 1s. 6d. in copper in the same pocket—I found two pencil-cases, a penknife, a pair of tweezers, a split ring on which was appended a small gold seal with a cornelian stone and two metal keys—I also found a bunch of keys, a common metal seal, two old foreign coins, a woman's pocket, and, in his hat, a new stock of figured silk, a pair of slippers, a pair of gloves, two odd stockings, and a neck-handkerchief with two stiffeners in it—in lifting his coat off the ground I found this tablecloth (producing it) folded along underneath between the coat and the floor—I asked whose cloth it was—he said it was his wife's—I asked what mark was on it—he said he did not know, be thought it was the mark of some of his wife's friends, and he had brought it away from home unknown to her—I sent him to the station-house—at the station-house I searched him further—I found, concealed between his drawers and his skin, inside the right thigh, two tablecloths, and one in the inner part of his left thigh—I told him I should detain him on my own responsibility till I made inquiries—he then asked for pen, ink, and paper—I cautioned him that he must be very careful, he was not compelled to write any thing, nor to say any thing; if he chose to make a voluntary statement I should assuredly make use of it—I said I had no doubt, without assistance from him, I could find out who these things belonged to—he then, in my presence, wrote this letter, addressed to Mr. Clarkson, Wandsworth—I called on Mr. Clarkson about half-past five o'clock—he came with me to the station-house, and identified these tablecloths, and recognised the prisoner as having slept there on the Saturday night—the prisoner was present when he did that, and shook hands with Mr. Clarkson—I afterwards took the bunch of keys I found, and among the rest I found one which locked and unlocked the drawer in which Mr. Clarkson stated these tablecloths had been put, in his bed-room—Mr. Clarkson was by when I tried it, I showed the note to Mr. Clarkson.
(Letter read)—"To Mr. Clarkson, Wandsworth. My dear Sir, You will, no doubt, feel shocked to find I have been your enemy instead of your friend, when you see this letter, and will be surprised to think that I

am at this present time under the protection of the police at Wandsworth. Sir, forgive your deceitful friend. You little thought that when we were together this day that I had your property concealed about me; but never mind, I will return it to you two-fold when I go abroad. My respects to the cook. Farewell."

MR. CLARKSON
re-examined. These are my tablecloths—I know them by certain marks—they were in the drawer of the room where the prisoner slept.




GUILTY.Aged 28.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.—


Transported for Seven Years


Sixth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
