




1814. 




JOHN TYRRELL
 and 




LOUISA MORRISS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
19th of May, 1 purse, value 3d., and 1 handkerchief, value 8d.; the goods of 



Jonathan Hastings: and 1 half-crown, the monies of 



Emma Hastings, from the person of 



Sarah Hastings; and that Tyrrell had been before convicted of felony.






SARAH HASTINGS
. I am eleven years old. On Thursday morning, the 12th of May, my mother gave me a half-crown in a purse, to go to the pawnbroker's to get something out—as I went the prisoners and a little boy overtook me—the little boy took the handkerchief from me, which contained the purse and money, and gave it to Morriss—Tyrrell was with her—the boy ran away—the prisoners kept together—I ran and told my mother, and got a policeman—the boy was close to the prisoners when he took the money—there was a duplicate in the handkerchief.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you call after the boy to bring back the bundle? A. Yes—I am quite sure the prisoners and the boy were all together—the boy said, "What have you got there?"—I told him I had nothing, and he took it out of my hand.





ELIZABETH HASTINGS
. I am the wife of Jonathan Hastings, and the mother of Sarah Hastings. I gave her the duplicate and half-crown to go and get this gown out of pawn—this handkerchief is my husband's, and the half-crown was my daughter Emma's, who is in service.





EMMA HASTINGS
. I am the daughter of Elizabeth Hastings. I pawned this gown at Uxbridge—I sent the duplicate and half-crown to my mother to get it out.





RICHARD DAVIS
. I am a pawnbroker. Tyrrell came to me, and redeemed this gown with the duplicate on the 19th of May.





JOHN SCOTNEY
 (police-constable T 180.) I went after the prisoners, and met them near Uxbridge—I asked if they had come along Cowley-road that morning—they both said they had not—I took them, and found the purse in Tyrrell's pocket, and this handkerchief on Morriss, and the gown and shawl, which had been redeemed.

Tyrrell's Defence. There was no one to be seen when Morriss picked up the half-crown and duplicate.





WILLIAM GRIFFIN
, (police-constable T 177.) I produce a certificate of Tyrrell's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person.

TYRRELL—



GUILTY
. Aged 25.—



Transported for Ten Years. MORRISS—



GUILTY
. Aged 20.—




Confined One Year.
