




944. 




JOSEPH MILLS



, stealing 1 purse, value 6d,; 2 sovereigns, and 2 shilling; the property of 



Thomas Barrett.






THOMAS BARRETT.
 I am gunner in the Royal Artillery, at Woolwich. On the morning of 13th Feb. I was at the barrack-room, No. 81—I had a purse, with two sovereigns and two shilling in it, in my trowsers pocket—one sovereigns was a Victoria, and the other an old one—I laid my trowsers on the bed—I turned to the room once or twice, but did not apply to the trowsers for three-quaters of an hours—the purse and money was then gone—I have not seen it since—the prisoner's bed was next to mine.





WILLIAM LLOYD.
 I am a corporal in the Artillery. I was orderly of the battalion which the prisoner and the prosecutor belonged to—on 13th feb. I went to the barrack-room, 81—I saw the prisoner standing behind Barrett's bed, with a pair of trowsers in his hand—he knew me, and turned quite pale, fancying I had detected him, but I had not—in a quarter of an hour afterwards I heard of this loss—the prisoner was then confined to the barracks.

Prisoner. Q. Can you say the trowsers were not mine? A. Yes—you were on parade—you had your best trowsers on—I examined your knapsack, and found your old trowsers.





WILLIAM PARSONS.
 I am a private in the Royal Artllery. About eleven o'clock, on 13th Feb., I was in the barrack-room, 81—I saw the prisoner, with Barrett's trowsers in his hand—I saw Barrett's name on them, near the waist—I noticed Barrett's bed—there were no trowsers on it—I saw the prisoner put his hand into the trowsers pocket.

Prisoner Q. Why did you not speak, if you knew I was doing wrong? A. I did not know you were doing wrong—I did not see you take anything out.





EDWARD WRIGLEY
 (policeman, H 141.) The prisoner was brought to the station—the officer who brought him searched him, in my presence—I saw the prisoner put his hand to his mouth, and heard money rattle—I put my finger into his mouth, and took out a sovereign and a half-sovereign.





JOHN PECK
 (policeman, H87.) I apprehended the prisoner at the Bee Hive public-house, Commercial-road—he was with some females—I called him out, and said, "Mills, I want to speak to you'—he was reluctant at first—I called him again, and got him outside—I said, "I believe your name is Mills; where is your regiment?"—he said, at Purfleet, and his name was Grant—I said, "That is false, your name is mills, and I apprehend you in the name of Mills"—I took him to the station, and edward Wrigley saw him put the money into his month, and took it from him—I found on him 9s. 6d., and some coppers making all the money but 4 1/2d.—I told him I heard he had changed a sovereign—he said he had.




GUILTY. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Common Serjeant.

