




1726. 




WILLIAM HALL
 and 




THOMAS COLEMAN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
11th of May, 1 cask, value 5s.; and 50 gallons of oil, value 5l.; the goods of 



John Charles and another.






MARY BRAY
. I am the wife of William George Bray, who is gatekeeper at the Steel-yard, Thames-street. On Wednesday evening, the llth of May, I was on the wharf, and saw Coleman roll a barrel of oil from the paling to under the crane-room—it was put into a cart, I cannot say who by—I cannot swear who drove the cart, but I rather think it was Hall—I cannot positively say he is the man—I think it was him—I have no belief about it.


Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did not Coleman work on the premises? A. Yes.





DANIEL GODDARD
. I am night-watchman to Mr. Drew, at the Steel-yard. I was on the wharf on the evening of the 11th of May, and saw Coleman come on the wharf, and after removing some empty casks, he removed a barrel of oil on to the purchase of the crane, he then left the yard, returned in a few minutes, followed by a man with a cart, which was placed under the crane, and Coleman heaved it into the cart by means of the crane—the man who drove the cart pulled a cloth or something over it, and sat on the cask in the cart as he drove it away, and Coleman followed—it was about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, which is not an unusual hour to move goods—the gates are closed at eight.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where were you standing? A. Ten or twelve yards from them—they could see me—there were a great many people at work in the yard at the time—Coleman was employed by different firms at the wharf to assist in loading carts—I have known him sixteen or eighteen months.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. The covering was a tarpauling used to cover goods? A. Something of that description. COURT. Q. Had the cask any covering on the wharf? A. None. JAMES HOLLAND. I am foreman to John, Charles, and George Fox, of Thamas-street, drysalters and oilmen—they rent part of this wharf. I missed a sack of whale oil from the premises on Thursday, the 12th of May—I went after Hall, from information I received, and found him that day in Thames-street, leaning against a post, with his cart near him—I called him across the road—he asked if I wanted a cart—I said no, I wanted to speak to him—he came—I said, "I want to speak to you about the oil you removed last night"—he said he had not removed any oil—I said, "Did you go home early last evening, or have a late job?"—he said, "I went home early"—his master came over, and said he had been out late, and said to him, "That is how the can-hooks came into your cart; how came they there?"—he said, "I took my load from Hambro'-wharf"—his master said, "Where did you take it to?"—he said to Spitalfields-market, and unloaded it into another cart there—his master asked who he did it for—he said, for a gentleman he did not know, and he had not received the money—the foreman said I had better give him in charge—I turned round to speak to his master, and then he was gone—I did not see whether he ran or walked—I saw him a hundred yards off—I crossed over another way, got before him, and secured him—next day I was informed Coleman was in Thames-street—I went, and saw him talking to a man—he turned to go away—I called him—he stopped—I said, "I want you for what you have been doing"—he said he had taken it, and said, "James, I am very sorry, if you will come down to the easement-place I will tell you all about it, tell you where the oil went to"—(I had never mentioned oil to him)—I gave him in charge.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did not you say, "I want you for the oil you took from the steel-yard?" A. No—I said I wanted him for what he had taken—I am certain he said he had taken it—I knew bun some months by the name of Butcher.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did you tell Hall a cask of oil was stolen? A. Yes—I let him go to get some beer—a policeman afterwards came, and I gave him in charge.

SERGEANT DRIVER. I am storehouse-keeper at the steel-yard. On the 11th of May, Coleman came to me and asked for a pair of can-hooks

—I told our men to let him have them—they are used to put on the; chain of a crane when a weight is to be lifted—I afterwards saw Coleman on the wharf, loading a cask into a cart, but as he was employed there I took no particular notice—I afterwards found my can-hooks on Mr. Campbell's premises, on the wharf.





JOHN SMITH
. I lent the can-hooks to Coleman, by direction of Driver—I afterwards found them in Mr. Campbell's store.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did they not belong to Mr. Campbell? A. I believe so, and they had been borrowed of him.





JOHN WILCOX
. The prisoner Hall was in my employ for some yean, at different times, to drive a cart—on Wednesday, the 11th of May, we were very slack all day, and at night I said, "You may as well go home"—he said, "No, a gentleman is coming who will employ me with a job from Hambro'-wharf"—I said, "Who is he?"—he said he was dressed like a seaman, that he was to be there about seven o'clock—I said, "Very well," and at half-past nine he came home—I saw a pair of can-hooks in his cart, and said, "How came they there?"—he said the gentleman who hired the cart brought them—I said, "Are they so poor at Hambro'-wharf, that they have not got hooks?"—I said, "Have you got the money?"—he said, "No"—he booked the goods from Hambro'-wharf to Spitalfields—I asked whereabouts there—he said, "By Spitalfields church"—next morning Holland came to me, and spoke about the oil—next morning I found the can-hooks in Campbell's ale-store.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Do you know where Hambro'-wharf is? A. Yes, in Upper Thames-street, it is not within 150 yards of the steel-yard.





JOHN BARKER
 (City police-constable, No. 466.) I took Coleman, and in the way to the station he said that he and another took the cask of oil to Compton-street, Clerkenwell, the night before, and a man named Butcher sold it to a man named Hoare.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was not he going on to make a further statement, and you told him he had better reserve it to another time? A. Yes—he said this voluntarily—I found no money on him.





JOHN GYNNE
 (City police-constable, No. 460.) I took Hall—he denied the charge.





HENRY ALLCOCK
. I am clerk to Messrs. John, Charles, and George Fox. I was with Holland when Hall was given in charge—I stood some distance from him while Holland went into a public-house—in a few minutes I turned round to see if Holland was coming, and saw Hall dart across the road—he went about fifty yards—I do not know whether he ran or walked—. I have missed a cask of oil from the wharf worth 5l. or 6l.—it contained fifty or sixty gallons of oil.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Had you been on the wharf? A. Yes—I have seen the cask on the wharf—the oil had been there about six weeks—I did not count the casks—they were counted by my order.

COURT. Q. Where did it stand? A. Towards the bottom of the wharf, near the water, within a few feet of the paling.

JURY. Q. Is it usual to require written orders for goods to be moved? A. Not in this case—we have a right of wharfage—if we wish to move goods we send Holland to fetch them—if we employ a stranger, either I or a clerk see it put into the cart.





JAMES HOLLAND

re-examined. I know the missing cask belonging to

the prosecutor, as there were but three of a lot—this was one of the three—I never knew Holland deliver goods.

MR. DOANE. Q. When did you see the three there? A. Between six and seven o'clock on the evening of the robbery—there were no other casks near.

MR. PAYNE. Q. In whose care is the wharf? A. Mr. Bray has the care of the gate.





DANIEL GODDARD

re-examined. Coleman's business in the wharf was to assist in landing and warehousing goods, but he was never employed to deliver them.

MR. PAYNE. Q. If a person said, "Help to load this cart," was it not his business? A. No, not without a written order.

HALL—



GUILTY
. Aged 26.—




Confined One Month.

COLEMAN—



GUILTY
. Aged 31.—



Transported for Seven Years.
