




1637. 




GEORGE ALDRIDGE
 and 




JAMES BAXTER
 were indicted for

 feloniously assaulting 



Gottlieb Fisher, putting him in fear and danger of his life, and stealing from his person 1 watch, value 3l., and beating and striking, and using other personal violence to him; and that they had been previously convicted of felony.






GOTTLIEB FISHER
 (through an interpreter.) On the 6th of July, about half-past eleven o'clock, the prisoner Aldridge came up to me—I told him to go away from me, and pushed him away—he would not go away, and I collared him—he snatched my watch out of my pocket—I struggled with him for I long time—I am not certain, in the struggle, whether the guard broke—he threw the watch into Baxter's hands—I am quite sure Aldridge is the man who took it, and Baxter is the man who had it.





ELLEN WILLIAMS
. I live at No. 12, Mill-street; I know Aldridge. About half-past eleven o'clock on this night I saw him catch the prosecutor by the neck, and take the watch and guard from his neck, and give it to two others, who went away with it—I did not know Baxter—he went away with it—I am sure Aldridge is the man that took it

Aldridge. Q. Where were you? A. Standing by the door—the prosecutor was not above five yards from me—he had not been drinking with me.





ELIZABETH SMITH
. I was looking out of the window, and saw the prosecutor standing at the corner, and Williams close by—Aldridge came up, pulled him by the neck, and pulled the watch out, and gave it to Baxter—I am sure Baxter is the person who took it out of Aldridge's bands.

Aldridge's Defence. There was nobody with me; I went there because there was a row.





ELIZABETH SKELTON
. I keep the house where Baxter lodges, No. 't Mill-court, Rosemary-lane. He was in bed at half-past eleven o'clock, the ume that this quarrel commenced, on Monday night—I cannot say positively wbat Monday it was, but it was at the time that this quarrel commenced, which was between one and two o'clock, I should say—he paid mo about an hour and a half before the quaiicl, and did not go out afterward


Aldridge to
THOMAS BAILEY (policeman.) Q. Was it not half-past one o'clock when I was taken into custody? A. No; it was not one o'clock when we reached the station—I saw you and the prosecutor struggling together—I have been outside to-day, and have not heard the evidence—the women said at the time that you were the man who took it, and handed it over to another party—they did not say they knew nothing about it.





WILLIAM LEE
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of Aldiidge's former conviction—(read, Convicted Dec., 1841, and confined nine months)—he is the person.





WILLIAM ASBURY
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of Baxter's former conviction—(Convicted Jan., 1845, confined six months)—Baxter is the person.

ALDRIDGE—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.

BAXTER—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.





Transported for Ten Years.

