




1690. 




WILLIAM JONES
and 



FRANCIS BIRCH
were indicted for

stealing, on the 
26th of May, 1 sovereign, 2 half-sovereigns, 12 halfcrowns, 2 shillings, and 2 sixpences, the monies of 



William Wheeler, from his person.






WILLIAM WHEELER.
I am a labourer, and live in Fox-street, Bethnal-green. On Tuesday the 26th of May, I had been to my club, at the White Swan public-house, Whitechapel, and received 12l. 4s. 4d. in sovereigns and half-sovereigns, and a good many half-crowns—I was going along Brick-lane at twelve o'clock at night—I was a little the worse for liquor—I got into conversation with the two prisoners somehow or other—I never saw them before—they said they would see me home—I asked if they would have any thing to drink, to get rid of them—I went to a public-house and treated them with a drop of gin—I went on to the corner of Gibraltar Walk—I do not know whether I fell down or was knocked down, nor whether they were with me at that time—I know I was down when the policeman came up—I was hurt—I got a kick in the loins.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. How many public-houses did you go into? A. Two; my club was one—I cannot say whether I spent a part of my money—I had got 12l. and more when I left the house—the prisoners got into conversation with me—I did not want conversation with them, I wanted to get rid of them—I believe I got the blow from a kick.





THOMAS DAVIS.
I live with Mr. Day, in Bethnal-green-road. On the 26th of May, I was with Chamberlain down Church-street, Bethnal-green,

and saw Wheeler lying on the step of a door—he appeared drunk—I saw Birch come up—he looked at the old man(the prosecutor) and said, "Come old man, get up"—he lifted him up, put him against the shutters, and the money rolled about—Birch said, "Have you lost any? " and looked about on the stones for his money—he did not find any then—he caught hold of the old man's arm, and led him along, and when they got about two steps, Jones came up striking a Congreve light—he went to the side of Birch, and Birch said, "He has got plenty of money under his other flap"—then Jones went and caught hold of his other arm, and in going past a turning, Jones dropped some money, which sounded like silver—Birch said, "1sthat yours? "—Jones said, "Yes, " picked it up, and put it into his pocket—then they walked up as far as Brick-lane, opposite a public-house—Birch told Jones to get some gin—they asked the old man for some money—he said, "No"—they went in together—then they came out and ran up Church-street—I and Chamberlain hallooed out, "Old fellows, we will split, " and when we got to the policeman we told him of it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPAS.
Q. What is splitting? A. I hallooed out to frighten them—I meant to tell of them—I have never been in these things before—I had been to Drury-lane with some work for my master—I did not go out until half-past eight o'clock—I make deal tables—I had not been home—I was out with goods—I had not deal tables with me then—I did not see Birch take any money.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. All you saw was, that Jones dropped some money and picked it up again? A. Yes, I did not see any one take any money from the prosecutor—I do not know where I leant the word split—I am seventeen years old—I had taken three tables to Drury-lane that evening—I got there about half-past ten o'clock—I carried two on my shoulder, and the other boy one—it was to a broker's shop—I did not get home till ten minutes to two o'clock, after I had been to the station-house—we stood peeping into the public-house that the prisoners went into—it was Mr. Cross's house, and I believe Mr. Cross served them—I saw one of them with a glass in his hand, going to drink.





JAMES CHAMBERLAIN.
I work with Davis—I recollect that night being in Church-street with him, and seeing the prosecutor lying on a step in Church-street—Birch came, picked him up, and asked him if he had let any money fall—then he looked on the ground, and could not find any—Jones came up and struck a Congreve light—then they got hold one of each of the prosecutor's arms, and some of the old man's money fell—it was silver—I do not know how much—Birch said, "Whose is this? "—Jones said, "Mine"—he picked it up and put it into his pocket.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. Where had you been? A. To take out my master's work—we had been to a broker's shop in Drurylane with tables—I carried one—it was about twelve o'clock when we saw the prisoners—I live at my father's, but I was going then to my master's.





THOMAS SMALEY
(police-constable H74.) I was on duty—I first saw these two boys—they gave me information—I then saw the prosecutor going up Bethnal-green-road, and the two prisoners came running after him—the prosecutor turned the corner of Gibraltar-walk, and the prisoners followed him—I went and found the prosecutor lying on his back, and the prisoners leaning over him—Jones was on his left-side, and had his hand against his waistcoat pocket—Birch was on the other side, and had hold of his breast, but before I could take him he had loosed his hold—I stepped

up and collared them both—I heard the jingling of silver from Jones—my brother officer came up, and I turned Birch over to him—I challenged Jones with robbing the old man—he said, "No, I have not"—I said, "What money have you got? "—he said, "Eighteen-pence tied in a handkerchief, and one penny"—I asked if that was all—he said, "Yes"—I said, "Show me the 1s. 6d."—he pulled out his handkerchief, and he had 1s. 6d. in it—I said, "Show me the penny, " and he pulled it out of his waistcoat pocket—I said, "I consider you have got more"—I saw his hand was dosed—I wrenched it open, and found in it a shilling—I asked him who that belonged to—he made no answer—I then shook the thigh of his trowsers, and a half-crown dropped down—I found two more half-crowns slipping down, and caught them at the bottom—I took him a little further, and two more dropped—he had two more in his pocket, and at the stationhouse I found one more and three shillings—this small coin (producing one) dropped from him, which he said was a sovereign, and I believed it was at the time—I kept it in my hand, and at the station-house I found it was copper—he then said it was a farthing—at the station-house he said he had got another penny—Birch stated that he had got two shillings and three-halfpence on him, which I found was correct.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS.
Q. Do you mean that you saw Birch touch the old man at all? A. Yes, I stated so before the Magistrate, sod it was read out to me in my deposition.

JONES*—



GUILTYof Stealing, but not from the person. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years


BIRCH—


NOT GUILTY.

