



2051. 



GEORGE CLARKE
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



Mary Ann Clarke, on the 
28th of May, by casting, and throwing her down to and against the floor of a certain room, and with his hands and feet beating, striking, and kicking her upon her head, &c., with intent to murder her.—2nd COUNT, for cutting and wounding her on the head, with like intent.—3rd COUNT, stating his intent to be to do her some grievous bodily harm.






MART ANN CLARKE
. I am the prisoner's wife. I have been living lately at the Bell Tavern, Wellington-street, strand, as cook—my husband was living during that time at Wimbledon-common—on Thursday the 25th of May, I received this letter from him—it is his handwriting—"Mary Ann Clarke, at the Bell Tavern, Wellington-street, North Strand, May 23, 1843, 9 o'clock. My dear Wife, I just received your letter, but you are so fond of that feller as you were a living with, as I wonder your sending to me, as you do not intend to come home to live with me; but I assure you that I have known no woman since you have been away from me; for I have the confidence still to think you will return home and make me happy once more. I have one thing to tell you, that is, you have heard me speak of my uncle, and at his death I should receive 20l. I have had a letter from the lawyer to say he is dead, and died on the 25th of August last, and we all brothers and sisters are to meet on the 25th of August next to receive our dividends, but he has not said how much: but my brother wrote to me on Saturday to tell me that the lawyer told him that it was above 800l. each, and be it right I will bid farewell to sawing. So now, my dear wife, if you have got the love for me, as I always thought you had, return home to me and make me happy once more as before you left me. I thought there was no man so happy as myself; and since then, I have been so unhappy, I hope you will consider yourself and come home, and be comfortable, and make me the same. Several people have tried to persuade me to take a warrant out against you; but how can I hurt

the woman I love better than my own self? it is impossible for me to do it, as the love I have for you, no person knows besides myself. My housekeeper is a going to leave me, for she has a cook's place in London, and she is going to it in a fortnight. So, now, my dear wife, let me know your mind by the return of post. So no more at present, from your ever dutiful and loving husband,
"GEORGE CLARKE."

Q. What was the reason of your being away from home? A. His ill treatment, the fortnight I was his wife—I sent an answer to the letter, and, in consequence of the letter I went to Putney by the steam-boat on Sunday—I found my husband waiting for me, looking over the bridge, when I arrived by the steamer—I walked with him towards home—I said, "You do not seem well, my dear"—he said, "I am uneasy in my mind"—we walked along till we came to the Green Man—he said, "Let us go in and have something to drink"—before that he had said, "You will never go home to London again"—he did not say why—I said, "Yes, my dear, I must go home and give mistress a month's warning, and I will pay the woman that keeps your house a month's wages to stop with you"—after we had been to the Green Man, he wanted me to go by the Bald Faced Stag way, but I told him it was two miles out of the way, and I would not—that would have taken me down a bye-lane—he said he was down there in the morning, and he wanted to go that way—I went home with him—we quarrelled all the way home—after I got home I took off my shawl and things, and put them up in the bed-room—I turned towards him and was quite cheerful to see my bouse so clean and comfortable—I said it gave me great pleasure to see him so comfortable—a boy came up—I gave him some halfpence, and he directly said, "Ma'am, I do not like your proceedings"—he then jumped up, got the tongs, and swore he would smash my brains out—I turned round and saw him and the woman scuffling, and I made my escape—the woman was trying to take the tongs from him—I ran out, and he dragged me in by the hair of my head, flung me on the floor, kicked me in the mouth, and broke my jaw-bone—he broke my ribs and kicked me—I am black all over—the woman ran out for assistance—some persons came—the door was shut but not locked—he burst the door against the person who tried to open it—while he was doing this, he said, "You b----, I have got you, and will be the death of you"—I cannot recollect any thing more.

Prisoner. I never said I would be the death of her—she said she would not come home—I said, "Now, I have got you, I will never part with you; I cannot be happy without you."





REBECCA SINNOTT
. I have kept house for the prisoner for four months—I remember Mrs. Clarke coming home on Sunday, the 28th of May—I was going to get tea for them—there was some beer—she asked Mr. Clarke to drink—words ensued—she asked him to drink some beer—he said he did not want any beer, it was her money and her life, and then he seized the tongs—he did not strike her—I got them away somehow—he gave her blows with his fist—she ran out, and he dragged her in by the hair, knocked her down on the floor, kicked her, and beat her with his fist—soon after the police came and took him away—I did not hear what he said while he was doing this.

Prisoner. I did not have the tongs; I believe my wife got them, and hit me on the head; I have the wound here. Witness. She did not hit him at all—I am sure he had them.





HENRY MITCHELL
. I am a surgeon, and live in Chancery-lane. The prosecutrix was brought to town, and consulted me on the Wednesday after the injury—I found severe contusions from the crown of her head to the lower part of her person—the legs were materially bruised, and have evidence of it

now—she had a fracture of the under jaw, and of the sixth rib, on the left side, besides contusions—I have no hesitation in saying, that one-fifth part of the injury she has received has on many occasions destroyed life.





RICHARD GOLDING
 (policeman.) On Sunday, the 28th May, from the information I received, I went to the prisoner's residence, on Wimbledon-common—his wife was sitting in a chair, suffering from bruises on the neck and face—the prisoner was in the bed-room—I said, "Halloo, my man, what's this about?"—he stood quite motionless—his wife came into the room—some words ensued—I said, "I cannot allow you to stop here, I must send you over to Wandsworth"—his wife went and charged him—his reply was, "You cannot top me for it"—I understood him to mean she could not hang him for it—I sent him by another constable—when he stood motionless I thought him in liquor, but afterwards I did not.

Prisoner. Q. Did you hear me say I was sorry for it, because I wished she would come home? A. I do not recollect any thing of the kind.





JESSE ROBERTS
. I am a policeman. On Sunday evening, the 28th of May, I was called to the prisoner's house—his wife sat on a chair, all over blood, and there was blood on the floor—my sergeant crime in, and told me to take him to the station.





WILLIAM HUDNOTT
. On the 28th of May I saw the prisoner and his wife come home—I live near him—I went into my back garden, and heard Mrs. Clarke scream out, saw her run out, and the prisoner after her—he caught her at the end of the house, and dragged her back again—I ran to her assistance, the door was shut, I opened it, and went in—she was lying bleeding on the floor—he was standing over her—I lifted her up, and put her in a chair—two persons came, and took him out of the house—we washed her face, and sent for a policeman.
(The prisoner, in an unconnected address, stated that he had lived some time comfortably with his wife, and always took her home from 25s. to 30s. a-week; that she represented she had 20l. a-year coming to her from her brother, who was coming on the 26th of January to sell some houses, which would produce 700l. or 800l., but on returning home to dinner that day she had ran away, and taken all the furniture; that he heard no more of her till the 19th of March, when she wrote to him to fetch her; that he went on the 26th, and found her in apparently a bad house, where he was assaulted by a man: that three weeks afterwards she again wrote to him, begging forgiveness, which he granted, on condition of her coming home, although she had incurred debts to the amount of 30l.; that he met her, and they drank together; on arriving home they quarrelled about a parcel which she had sent, which he thought was stolen; that she called him a d----d thief, hit him on the head with the tongs, and ran a knife into his hand; that as she went out he pulled her back; she fell and cut her head against the table, but he did not strike her at all, and that he had since been informed she cohabited with another man during his absence at work.)





HENRY MITCHELL

re-examined. The fracture of the jaw produced, an internal wound from the fractured portions of the bone—it is not healed yet—it must have been done by a kick or blow of considerable violence.




GUILTY
on the 3rd Count
.—



Transported for Fifteen Years.


Before Edward Bullock, Esq.

