



508. 



HENRY FREDERICK WILLIAMS
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of Jan., 2 sovereigns and 2 5l. Bank notes, the property of 



David Craig.






DAVID CRAIG
. I was discharged from the marines on the 20th of Jan., and received my pay from the Hecla; two 5l. notes and two sovereigns—I came to London by the steam-boat—the prisoner was a passenger on board—I went down below and saw him sitting by the fire—he asked what I was—I told him I was a seaman discharged, having lost the use of my right arm—he said

he belonged to the service, and told me to sit down—we had some gin and water; we landed at Blackwall, and came on to town by the train—he asked if I had anywhere to lodge—I said I had not—he said he would take me to a place—we went to the theatre, and slept at a public-house, in the same bed—I saw my money safe in my right-hand trowsers' pocket when I went to bed, in a paper—I put my trowsers on one side—after being in bed about a quarter of an hour he said he was not going to stop there for the night—I asked why—he said there was a thief in the house—I got up, took the trowsers in my hand to put on—he said, "Allow me to assist you, as you have lost the use of your arm"—in doing so he put his hand into my pocket, took out the notes and three sovereigns—I spoke to him about it—he said he would not give it to me till I went down stairs—we went down together, and he went from one public-house to another drinking—I at last asked him for my money—he said he had no money of mine, and told me to go away—I gave him in charge of a policeman.





ROBERT CROSS SMITH
 (policeman.) On the morning of the 21st of Jan. I went with Craig to the Half Moon and Seven Stars, George-street—I took the prisoner—he charged him with taking two 5l. notes and three sovereigns from his pocket—the prisoner was very little the worse for liquor, he was treating some prostitutes and cabmen—I said I must take him in charge—he directly turned to the prosecutor and said, "What is the number of your two notes? I have two notes and know the number of them, what is the number of your's"?—I again said I must take him into custody—I took him to the station—I said I must search him—he said there was no reason for that, he would pull out all the money he had got, he had two sovereigns and some change, or three sovereigns and some change, he did not know which, he had been on the cruise all night—I searched him, but did not find the notes on his person—as I was searching his shirt collar a man went out at the door and the prisoner threw his hand out towards the door, and after I had searched him, I found two 5l. notes, very wet, close to where he had thrown his hand out—he made some remark, and said he knew nothing about them, they were not his, that he should enter an action against us the following day for taking him on a false charge, and while my head was turned he caught hold of the prosecutor's coat and said, "Don't go any further with it, I will make it all right with you."

Prisoner's Defence. I met the prosecutor coming from the dock to the train; he asked where I was going; I said to London-bridge; he said if I would come with him he would pay me for my time; when we got to the bridge he asked where he could sleep; I went with him to a house by Billings-gate-market; he agreed to stop there, but in about ten minutes he asked me to take him to the Bull, as he knew the house; we went; he told me to stop inside while he went into the yard; when he returned the landlord abused him for making a mess outside; he pulled his things off in the house and gave them to me to mind while he put clean things on; he said there was money in the pocket; I shook it out on the table; he counted it and said it was all right; I never had it in my possession; all I saw was one or two sovereigns and a few shillings; he went to Drury-lane theatre that night and stopped there; I went to a public-house opposite and changed a sovereign of my own to treat him; I also paid the cab and 2s. for the gallery; we came home in a cab, went into a house in Ratcliffe-highway; he brought a policeman in there and said I had robbed him; he left the policeman with me and brought this man; he said I had robbed him of two 10l. notes at first, but at the station he said it was 5l. notes and never mentioned the sovereigns.






DAVID CRAIG
. I cannot identify the notes—they were new notes like these.




GUILTY
.—


Transported Seven Years.

