



234. 




JOHN WRIGHT



; stealing 1 purse, value 5s.; 2 sovereigns, 1 halfcrown, 2 shillings, 2 sixpences, and 7 groats; the property of 



James William Winning, from the person of 



Mary Ann Winning: having been before convicted. MR. ROBINSON

conducted the Prosecution.






ALFRED SALISBURY
. I am a draper's assistant, and live at Cornwallterrace, Brixton. I was in the Borough on 10th Dec, about twenty minutes before four o'clock—I saw the prisoner; I had known him before—he got into an omnibus—I watched the omnibus in its passing over London-bridge—I saw the prisoner sitting on the right-hand of Mrs. Winning, next the door—the prisoner got out on the City side of London-bridge, went in a very hurried manner down the steps, passed under the dry arch, and made his way to Fish-street—I still kept the omnibus in sight, and at the corner of Fen-church-street I met two officers—I told them; they followed the omnibus and spoke to the lady—I went afterwards to Newington Causeway, and there the prisoner was apprehended.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARXSON. Q. What draper was it you last assisted? A. My brother; he has not been a bankrupt; he made a compromise

about six months ago—I am not aware that I have attached myself to the police as an amateur thief-taker—I have associated with the police, in hopes to get into the police—it is from necessity, not my wish—I do not know that I have been practising in the profession at all—I might have said on a former occasion that I was endeavouring to get my hand in—it is a fact.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. During the time you have been practising, did you get acquainted with the prisoner? A. Yes.





MARY ANN WINNING
. I am the wife of James William Winning. On 10th Dec, I got into an omnibus in the Borough—I had been in a shop there, and had used my purse—I placed it safely in my pocket on leaving the shop; it was safe on my getting into the omnibus—I merely walked from the door of the shop—I had in my purse two sovereigns, a half-crown, two or three shillings, some fourpenny-pieces, and sixpences—one of the sixpences was bent, and to the best of my belief this sixpence is mine (looking at one)—when I was in the omnibus, I saw the prisoner; he crossed me, and tangled his feet in my dress; he then placed himself close to me, and put his knees against my pocket, and placed his hat over his hands—he did not remain so many minutes—he looked me in the face, and asked to be put down at the steps at London-bridge—some one dropped a basket in the omnibus and I stooped to pick it up—my purse was in my right hand pocket, next to where the prisoner was—he got out in a hurried manner—I went on to Gracechurch-street—some policemen spoke to me—I told them of my loss.

Cross-examined. Q. You believe the sixpence is yours because it is a crooked one? A. I believe it is mine—I should not mind swearing to it—there are many bent sixpences, but this is rather a peculiar one—it was before the prisoner told the conductor to put him down, that I stooped to pick up the basket—my pocket is a slit cut in the lower part of my dress, in the usual place—there was a gentleman who got out before the prisoner did—he went through the door of a respectable office—when I was seated, my clothes would somewhat overhang the passage into the omnibus—when the prisoner entangled his foot in my dress he did not make any apology, but stared me in the face—I cannot tell whether the gentleman had sat next to me—I cannot say whether it was after the gentleman got out that the prisoner came and sat beside me.





JOSEPH PITCHER
. I am the conductor of the omnibus. I recollect taking up the prisoner at the corner of the Kent-road—he got out at the steps at London-bridge—he gave me a fourpenny-piece—my fare was 3d.—it is marked up 3d.—we have 4d. fares, which are from Camberwell-green—a person getting in at the Kent-road might see that his fare would be only 3d.—there are notices on the door of the omnibus what the fares are—there are 4d. fares marked on a bill attached to the back panel.

Cross-examined. Q. Did the prisoner tell you where to set him down? A. In going over London-bridge, he told me to set him down at the steps—a gentleman got out before the prisoner, at the Brighton-railway—I did not observe whether that gentleman was sitting next to Mrs. Winning—I do not recollect what that gentleman paid—he hallooed out as we were going along, "The railway!"—we stopped, and he got out in the middle of the road.





JOHN SPITTLE
 (City-policeman). My attention was called to the omnibus by Salisbury—the lady gave me information, and from further information I went to Newington, and took the prisoner into custody—I told him I should take him for robbing a lady in an omnibus—he said, "When?—I said "This afternoon"—he said, "Can I see the lady?"—I said, "You will have the opportunity of doing so"—I took him to the station, and found on

him two sovereigns, one half-crown, two sixpences, and some coppers—one was this bent sixpence.





GEORGE WILD
 (policeman, M 94). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at Clerkenwell—(read.—Convicted Oct., 1847, and confined four months)—the prisoner is the person, to the best of my belief.

Cross-examined. Q. Will you swear to him? A. I swear to the man—the more I see him the more I know him—I recognised him amongst seven or eight persons.





THOMAS CRESSWELL
. I was present at the prisoner's trial—he is the person.




GUILTY
.* Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.

