



1062. 




THOMAS THOMPSON
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Findlay, on the 22nd of April, at 
Bromley, St. Leonard's, and stealing therein, 1 table-cloth, value 5s.; 2 sheets, 10s.; 2 pairs of stays, 10s.; 1 clock, 15s.; 1 cape, 12s.; 3 gowns, 4l. 10s.; 7 shawls, 5l. 13s.; 3 coats, 3l.; 5 waistcoats, 1l. 15s.; 4 pairs of trowsers, 1l. 5s.; 5 shirts, 1l.; and 2 handkerchiefs, 5s.; his goods.






HARRIET PATMAN
. I live with my father and mother, at No. 3, Catherine-street, about a dozen doors from Mr. Findlay's. On the afternoon of the 22nd of April, after two o'clock, I was at the window up-stairs, and saw the prisoner go in at Mr. Findlay's front door—he had nothing with him—he was some short time before he got in—he came out again in about ten minutes, with a black bag on his shoulder—in consequence of suspicion, I pointed him out to Mr. Ockendon, who was coming by, and he went in pursuit of him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You had never seen the prisoner before? A. No—there were persons passing along the itreet—not a great many—I knew Ockendon before—the person was a very short time before he went into the house, and when he came out he walked away directly, fast, with the black bag on his shoulder.

COURT. Q. Did you point out at the instant to Mr. Ockendon the man you saw come out of the house? A. Yes.





WILLIAM OCKENDON
. I am a carpenter, and live in Catherine-street, Bromley. At the time of the robbery I lived in High-street, Poplar—on the 22nd of April, about two o'clock in the afternoon, Harriet Patman spoke to me, and pointed out the prisoner to me—he was going across Grundy-street, which crosses Catherine-street, carrying a black bag—I followed him, and called "Stop thief!"—I did not come up with him then—on turning the corner of a street, I saw him running away—he was the same man I had seen with the black bag—the bag was then lying in the middle of

the path way round the corner—I followed him into Crisp-street, and there lost him—I afterwards went round to the back of Tomlin's-terrace, and the prisoner there kicking up the grass, as if looking for something—I asked him to come back along with me—he asked what for—I told him if he had done nothing he was ashamed of he would not mind coming back—he said he was going on particular business, and be should not come back along with me—I followed him till we got to the Circus-fields—I there saw a policeman coming down a street—the prisoner turned on his heels, and rait back the same road he had come—I sung out "Police!" and "Stop thief!" and pursued the prisoner—I saw policeman Collett, near Abbott's-fields—I pointed out the prisoner to him. left him in pursuit, and went back and got the bag, which I delivered to Randall—I have not the least doubt the prisoner is the man who was carrying the bag.

cross-examined. Q. Was he an acquaintance of yours? A. Not at all—I first saw Patman in Catherine-street—she had not got up to Mr. Findlay's house when I saw her, and the man carrying the bag was about twenty yards from Mr. Findlay's—when I got to the corner of Grundy-street he was about a hundred yards down it, crossing the street—I did not see the bag dropped—I found it in Tetley-street, at the back of the Duke of Clarence public-house—Tetley-street runs into Cross-street, and Tomlins'-terrace is about fifty yards from there—I saw the policeman in Alethorpe-street—the Eldridge is the upper part of Crisp-street.





PETER THOMAS COLLETT
 (police-constable K 283.) I was in Catherine-street, on Tuesday, the 22nd of April, and overtook Ockendon, going down the Eldridge, which is about five minutes walk from Catherine-street—he pointed out the prisoner to me, who was running across the fields—I pursued him over Leabridge to Bow-common, and there apprehended him—he ran all that way—I told him I apprehended him for stealing some clothing—he made no remark—I brought him to the station—I did not hear him say there that he had done nothing—I did not hear him say anything.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to swear he did not say he had done nothing? A. I know it was said that he had not committed himself in any way—I did not hear him say so—(looking at his deposition)—this is my signature—it was read over to me before I signed it—I have no doubt this is correct, but it is so long ago—I have been three years in the police—I am certain that the man I stopped was the person I saw at first—I cannot be mistaken—it is a straight road—we had run in a direct line.





WILLIAM RANDALL
 (police-constable K 168.) I heard the cry of "Stop thief," on the 22nd of April, as I was in my own house, in Tetley-street—I found some persons collected round a black bag, which I have here—it contained all these articles which are claimed by Mr. Findlay.





JOSEPH LEWIS
. On the 22nd of April I was at the back of the Duke of Clarence, and heard Ockendon sing out, "Stop thief!"—I immediately T turned round, and the prisoner passed me with a black bag on hit" shoulder—Ockendon sung out "Stop him!"—I turned immediately again, and saw the prisoner drop the bag, two or three yards from my feet—I remained by the bag while Ockendou went after the prisoner—in about ten minutes Randall and Ockendon came up, and took the bag and me to the station—I am sure the prisoner is the man.

Cross-examined. Q. Was he an acquaintance of yours? A. No, 1 never saw him before, and only for a short time then—I slewed round, and saw him run bv ine.


COURT. Q. How soon after you got the black bag did you see the prisoner in custody? A. About a quarter of an hour afterwards.





JANE FINDLAY
. I am the wife of William Findlay, and live at No. 11, Catherine-street, in the parish of Bromley, St. Leonards. On the 22nd of April I went out, between one and two o'clock, leaving the house all fastened up—I pulled the street-door close, and tried it with my hand—it was fast—the catch was right—I came back a little before four that day, and found a constable and some neighbours standing near my door, which was then shut—I opened it with my key, and entered the house—the place was all in confusion—articles were scattered on the floor, the lock of a chest broken off, and the lock of a trunk pressed—I missed the articles found in this bag—I identified them at the station, as my husband's property—they are worth about 20l.—I also lost three silver and two metal spoons, but did not get them again—with that exception all the things are in the bag.




GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Ten Years.

