



1969. 




SAMUEL WHITLEY
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Ann Dorchester, on the 
11th of July, at 
Ealing, and stealing therein, 6 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns, 10 half-crowns, 3 shillings, and 4 sixpences, her monies.






JAMES HENRY DORCHESTER
. I live in the parish of Baling, Middlesex, with Ann Dorchester, my mother, who is a grocer, she keeps the house. In consequence of missing money I gave information to a policeman, and had one watching for three Sundays, and another for two—on returning on Sunday, the 11th of July, I found a policeman there—I heard the prisoner was in custody—he lived next door to us—I had marked some money, and the policeman some, which was in a bureau up stairs, in my mother's bed-room—there was 23l. 0s. 6d. in the bureau—on the 11th of July 8l. 10s. was missing—I saw 8l. 10s. found on the prisoner, all marked, and which I can swear to, some having been marked by me, and some by the officer in my presence; the money left in the bureau was 14l. 10s. 6d., making the exact amount left there on Sunday morning.


Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you in partnership with your mother? A. No, she has no partner; she lives in the house.





JOHN PASCOE
 (police-sergeant T 10.) On Whit-Sunday, the 30th of May, I marked a quantity of sovereigns, which were put in Mrs. Dorchester's bureau—I stopped there three Sundays, and nothing transpired—I afterwards sent a constable, and afterwards saw some sovereigns in his possession, five of which I had marked.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you seen the prisoner's father? A. Yes, I have known him some years, he is a constable of Baling parish—I never stated to him that I knew the putter-up of the robbery, but it was no use taking him now, nor any thing of the kind—the father stated he had received a letter, stating that a young man in Brentford was concerned with his son—I saw his mother, she said, "For God's sake what have you done?"—I said I understood he had robbed Mrs. Dorchester—I did not tell her to have none of her d—d palaver for she had had the handing of the money, nor any thing of the kind—she said it was a very bad thing—I said, "Yes, if you are concerned in it, it is very bad"—she made a deal of fuss—I did not see her in tears—she was in distress—she did not, in my hearing, ask the prisoner if she ever gave him any encouragement to act so.

COURT. Q. It was the prisoner's father suggested there was an accomplice? A. Yes, two or three days after he was in custody.





WILLIAM TAYLOR
. I am a policeman. I was ordered to attend at the prosecutrix's house, and remained there till between four and five o'clock on Sunday afternoon, the 11th of July, about twenty minutes before five I saw the prisoner come to the gate of the back-yard—he came up to the window, and with a wooden peg began to push at the screw which fastened the window—he could not get it out far enough—he then took a knife and shaved the peg, then threw up the window, got in, shut it down, and put in the screw as it was before, opened the staircase-door, went up stairs, and came down in a few minutes—I took him into custody, and found six sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, ten half-crowns, three shillings, and four sixpences, which I produce—I had noticed him in the yard before he came to the window—I noticed him cutting the peg—I was in the shop, which leads into the room he got into—the door was shut, but I was looking through a large keyhole, and could see right up the yard—he could go up stairs without coming into the shop, as the door is close to the window.





JOHN PASCOE

re-examined. Here are five sovereigns, which I marked on Whit-Sunday.





JAMES HENRY DORCHESTER
. Here is some of the silver, which I marked on Whit-Sunday—it is all marked.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.
