



2511. 




WILLIAM DEAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
17th of August, 1 half-crown, 9 shillings, 5 sixpences, and 3 groats, the monies of 



Robert Mayes, and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ROBERT MAYES
. I was coming up by the Great Western Railway, and met with the prisoner—we had a long talk together, and at last we went to a public-house, where we were to sleep—the prisoner said he had only 4d.—I had nine shillings, one half-crown, five sixpences, and three groats—when I went to bed I doubled my trowsers up, and put them under my head—the money was in them then—the prisoner was there, but he was not undressed—when I awoke in the morning he was gone, and my money also—I got a policeman, and we found him at the Red Lion, Edgeware-road—there was 8s. found on him.

Prisoner. You said, "If you can find me a lodging, I will stand treat"—I said, "I do not wish that, I have money in my pocket"—we had two half-pints of gin—I paid for one, and you for the other. Witness. I asked you if you could inform me of a lodging, and you said, "Yes, a comfortable good lodging"—you took me to the house, and said you had only 4d.—I treated you with a bit of supper, and gave you twopence to get a pint of beer in the morning.





SARAH POCOCK
. The prosecutor and prisoner came to my home to sleep—when the prisoner took the 2d. of the other man, he said he had no money—the prisoner went up stairs, but did not go to bed—he laid down on the bed with his clothes on, and in about half-an-hour he wanted to go out.

Prisoner's Defence. This man asked me if I could get him a lodging; we both went and drank, and after I had stopped some time, I went to go to bed; I had 12s. when I started from home, which I had worked for; we were both tipsy; I do not know what I did.





OTHO HENRY STEED
 (police-constable D 182.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.
