




1052. 




FREDERICK GERMAINE
 and 




GEORGE BRUCE
 were again indicted for

 breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Ann Nash, on the 
10th of February, at 
St. Dunstan, Stebonheath, alias stepney, and stealing therein 1 counterpane, value 5s.; 1 tablecloth, value 2s.; and 2 sheets, value 4s.; her property: and 2 gowns, value 4s., the goods of 



Mary Raymond; and that Germaine had been before convicted of felony.


WILLIAM CLAY. I am a policeman. On Thursday, the 10th of February, about seven o'clock, I was going up York-Street, Commercial-road, and saw both the prisoners walking up the street as close together as they could walk—Germaine had a bundle on his right arm—I was running behind them—I overtook them at the top of the street, as they turned the corner—I laid hold of Germaine, bruce looked over his left shoulder, sat me, and ran away—I knew them both, and they knew me—I took germaine to the station, and found the bundle contained a counterpane and two sheets, marked "A. N."—He said somebody had asked him to carry them—I found a few lucifer matches on him, a small pocket knife, and a skeleton key—I afterwards went to where Bruce lodged, and found him there—I found some lucifer matches on him, and three files, a chisel, and crow-bar in the room—I took him to the station, and charged him with being concerned with Germaine—he said he knew nothing at all about it, it was not him—I tried this key to Mrs. Nash's door, which is about two doors from where I had seen the prisoners, and it unlocked the door it is in the parish of stepney.

ANN NASH. I am single, and live at No. 12, york-street, bedford-square, commercial-road. On Thursday morning, the 10th of February, I locked my street-door at pretty near two o'clock, that was before I wend to bed—I was the last person up—my servant got up first in the morning I got up about half-past nine—in consequence of information I received from my servant, I searched the house, and missed the articles stated these now produced are them—my name is on them—they were on the bed in my house the night before—my door could not be opened with out a key from the outside.





MARY RAYMOND
. I am the prosecutrix's servant. On Thursday morning, the 10th of February, I got up about nine o'clock, and missed

my two frocks from a chair by my bedside—I missed the table-cloth out of the kitchen, when I went to get breakfast, and the bed-clothes off the bed—these now produced are them.





THOMAS HIGTON
 (police-constable K 272.) I produce a certificate of Germaine's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the same person—I was present at his trial.

GERMAINE—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

BRUCE—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.




Transported for Ten Years.
