



1188. 




MARY ANN MORRIS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
25th of August, 1 shawl, value 5s.; 1 veil, value 6d.; 1 pair of stays, value 1s. 6d.; 1 petticoat, value 2s.; 1 gown, value 3s.; the goods of 



Mary Chandler: 1 pair of boots, value 6s., the goods of John Thurstle: and 2 frocks, value 4s., the goods of 



John Bolton.






MARY CHANDLER
. I am a widow. In August last the prisoner lodged in the same house with me in Boston-street, Dorset-street—there were two beds in the room—I and another person occupied one bed, the prisoner and another person the other—she lodged there six days, and one day she sent me to buy a cake for tea—I was absent about a quarter of an hour, and when I returned she was gone—I missed a pair of stays, a petticoat, and a gown—she did not return to the lodging—nobody could have taken the things but her—I left her in my room taking care of it—she hired the lodging of me by the week, and left me the day before her week was due—my things were all safe when I went out—I have never seen any of them since.





EMMA THRUSTLE
. I lodged in the same room. When I went up stairs my aunt desired me to ask Mrs. Chandler if she knew a person who would purchase two frocks—before she could give any answer, the prisoner said she knew a person who had twins that they would just suit—I left them with her, and she left the lodging in the way that has been described, and never returned—these are the frocks—(looking at them)—they belong to my aunt, who is the wife of John Thrustle.





CAROLINE KEEBLE
. I keep a wardrobe in Exeter-street—the prisoner came to me I think in August—I bought these, two frocks of her, and as she took them out of her basket, I saw she had a shawl, a veil, and a pair of boots in it—she said she wanted the shawl for her own use—she asked me to buy the veil, but I did not.





JAMES CROMAR
 (police-constable D 73.) I found these frocks at Mrs. Keeble's—I took the prisoner into custody.

Prisoner's Defence. I took the lodgings only for a few days; I had not been there many days when Emma Thrustle gave me the frock to dispose of, and said she must have an answer very shortly—I took them out and sold them—I spent the money and did not return—when I left there was a girl in care of the place.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
