



455. 




CHARLES HARRIS



, stealing a gelding, value 25s., the property of 



Joseph Watson; having been before convicted.






JOSEPH WATSON
. I am a greengrocer, in Cock and Castle-lane, Kings-land-green. On Monday, 13th Dec., I had a horse in a field near there—I

saw it safe about four o'clock, and about an hour after, in consequence of information, I went to the field, and it was gone—I found it on the Wednesday following at Mr. White's, the slaughterer's; and that same evening I saw the prisoner over the water, going into a playhouse—knowing him before, we had something to drink together at the William public-house—he said nothing then, only that he sol the horse for a man against Holloway-gate—I saw him in custody a week afterwards—he said nothing then—he never said anything to me about the pony.





JAMES BRENNAN
 (police-sergeant, N 9.) From information, I apprehended the prisoner at Islington workhouse on 21st Dec.—I told him I came to apprehend him for stealing a horse, which he had sold in Whitechapel—he said, "Very well, I will go with you"—he said nothing more—he said at the police-court that he had sold it, but did not steal it.





JOHN CARPENTER
. I am in the service of Mr. White, a horse-slaughterer. On Monday evening, 13th Dec., about ten minutes after six, the prisoner brought a pony to be slaughtered—he said he had it to sell for a gentleman, a cowkeeper, at Holloway-gate—I bought it, and my mistress paid for it—I have seen that same pony here—the prosecutor saw it in my presence, and Mr. Abbey saw the same pony.





BENJAMIN ABBEY
. I am an inspector of slaughtering-houses—I saw the pony, recommended that it should not be slaughtered, and gave information to the police.





JOSEPH WATSON

re-examined. The pony I saw on the Wednesday at Mr. White's was the one I had lost on the Monday.

Prisoner's Defence. As I was coming through Whitechapel, about a quarter to five, a man asked me where there was a slaughterer's; I told him of three of four; he said, "If you will come and show me, I will give you something for your trouble;" I stood talking for a while; he then said, "You go to the slaughter-house, and I will give you a shilling;" I said, "Where am I to say it comes from?" he said, "From Jones', at Holloway;" I went and asked 24s. for it; they only gave me 1ls.; I gave the man the money, and he gave me ls., got up into a light cart, and drove away.





WILLIAM WARNER
. I produce a certificate—(read—Charles Harris concicled Jan., 1846, of larceny, and confined six months)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Justice Patteson

