



981. 




WILLIAM KING



, robbery on 



Charles Wise, and stealing from his person 1 umbrella, value 2s., his goods: having been before convicted.


MR. SLEIGH
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES WISE
. I am a Greenwich pensioner, and live at 29, York-street, Westminster. On 5th March, between nine and ten at night, I was at a beer-house in John-street, taking a pint of beer—the prisoner passed by me

from the tap-room to the back of the house, and looked in my face—I left the house with another party for ten minutes, returned, and asked for a glass of beer, and then left—when I got outside, a number of persons closed up and I could not escape—I had an umbrella in my left hand—my elbows were confined, and I was struck a violent blow—I was senseless—a policeman broke my fall—my umbrella was snatched from me, and the head of it broken, which fell to the ground—I was perfectly sober.





GEORGE KIMBURY
 (police-sergeant, D 12). On 5th March, about half. past ten at night, I was in Shouldham-street, heard a disturbance, and saw the prisoner with something under his left arm—I followed him into a water-closet in the back yard of No. 5, and told him he must go with me to the station—he said he had gone to ease himself—a constable said in his presence that he had stolen an umbrella.





CHARLES JOHNSON
. I am a boot and shoe-maker. About half-past ten, on 5th March, I saw the prisoner running with an umbrella under his coat-the wind blew his coat open, and I saw it distinctly. Prisoner. Q. Do you swear that? A. Yes; I was within two paces of you.





HILL BECK
 (policeman, D 127). I was with Kimbury, and saw the prisoner running down Crawford-street with something in his hand—I went to 5, Tooke's-court, and searched a water-closet—I then got on the Wall, and on the yard of No. 6 I found this umbrella—it could easily have been thrown there from the water-closet—Wise was perfectly sober.

Prisoner's Defence, I went to ease myself, and the policeman came and locked me up; I did not know what it was for till the next morning.





HILL BECK

re-examined, I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction—(read—Convicted May, 1846, confined four months)—I was present—he is the man. 


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years
,

Before Mr. Baron Platt,
