




1325. 




JOHN BRADLEY
 and 




CHARLES SMITH
 were indicted for

stealing 1 watch, value 1l.; the goods of 



Samuel Jenkins; and that the said Charles Smith had been previously convicted of felony.






SAMUEL JENKINS
. I am a basket-maker, and live at King's-place, Walham-green. On Saturday, the 6th of June, I was at work at Mr. Walden's, at Walham-gteen—my wife came to me—I went home, and missed my watch from the mantel piece—Jane Yates described three people to me—I went after them, I should say, two miles—I then got to George-street, Chelsea, and there nr three men who answered the description that had been given me—I stood by, and let them pass, and followed them again—they went by the Thames tide—the prisoners are two of the men, I am sure—the other is not here—I taw Bradley take something from his pocket—they all three went together into a little gravel or sand-hole—Bradley said, "It is all right"—I got a policeman, and went with him—we did not find them in the same hole, but close by—I went up first, stepped into the hole, and saw a watch in Brad-ley's hand, which was my property—I know it, because one of the hands was broken off, and I saw the face—I had had it a number of years—I said, "You have made good haste from Walham-green"—Bradley rushed up—I rushed at him, and held him—the policeman was coming up behind me, bat before he came up, Bradley chucked the watch into the Thames—I saw where it fell, and heard it drop into the water—the policeman took two of themiato custody—I cannot say what became of the other—they were taken to the station—I went afterwards to the Thames bank, and waited till the tide went out—I was there when the watch was picked up—it is here now—this is it—(looking at it)—I know it is mine—there are three G W W's upon the back of it.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILD. Q. What time was it your wife came to you? A. Turned one o'clock, to the best of ray knowledge—I went home to get intelligence of them—there was a policeman in the house, but I did not wait any time—I should say the prisoners were not aware of my following them, they did not look around—I did not pretend to be looking at them—there were no other persons by—they did not conceal themselves from me—they did not know me—they saw me—when Bradley said, "It is all right," he was close to me—I was standing by a dead wall.





JANE YATES
. I live with my father, in Pump-lane, Walham-green, near to Mr. Jenkins. Between one and two o'clock on the afternoon of the 6th of June I was standing at my father's door, and saw three persons by the church door—the prisoners are two of them—Smith went into Mr. Jenkins's house—in about two minutes I saw him come out again—Bradley was standing at my father's house, twenty yards off. or rather more—the third man was standing

by the church, watching—Smith walked over to the one who is not here, and all three went away together—I saw Mr. Jenkins and told him.





JOHN DAVIS
. I live at Evans's-buildings, George-street, Chelsea. On Saturday afternoon I saw the prosecutor and several men searching for a watch in the water at Chelsea—I watched, and picked the watch up—it was face upwards.





JAMES HUBBARD
 (police-constable B 122.) About three o'clock on Saturday afternoon I went with the prosecutor to the Thames' bank, and saw the prisoners and another, person—the prosecutor went up to them first, and beckoned me—I saw Bradley throw a watch into the Thames—I saw that it was a watch—I took the prisoners to the station—I afterwards went to the Thames' bank, and waited for the tide to go out—Davis found the watch and gave it me—this is it.





FREDERICK LANGTON
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of Smith's conviction—(read—Convicted 22nd Feb., 1844, and confined three months)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.
(John Allen, bricklayer, of Sloane-street, Chelsea, gave Smith a good character.)

BRADLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 83.—


Transported for Seven Years.


SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.

