



1479. 





WILLIAM CLUETT



, stealing, whilst employed under the Post-office, a post letter containing 2 half-crowns, the property of 

Her Majesty's Post-master General. Other Counts: varying the manner of stating the charge. Messrs. Clarkson and Bodkin conducted the Prosecution.





WILLIAM EDWIN BASELEY
. I am a letter-carrier in the General Post-office, and have been so four years and a quarter—I was employed at the Stepney-branch office—the prisoner was a letter-carrier also employed there—on 19th May, about eight in the morning, we were both there in the course of our duty—he was engaged at a table sorting the letters that had come that morning from the General Post-office—I was at my own desk, that did not command a view of his situation—after the letters were sorted, he brought some to his desk, to throw them off into walks for delivery—I then sat immediately opposite to him—I saw him throw a letter upon a few old or dead letters, which were on the desk—I heard something jingle when the letter fell—it sounded like money—he threw it with the seal uppermost, and I saw that it was sealed with red wax—I then saw him take more dead and old letters from his side pocket, throw them on this letter, and then put the whole lot into his left coat pocket—as he was taking them up I noticed a large figure "4" on this letter in red ink—he then said to me, "Basely, I have nothing to give up this morning "—meaning no dead letters to go to the Dead-office—in about four minutes he went out of the office to deliver his letters—a letter addressed to Grove-road, Mile-end-road, would not be in his walk, but in Paveley's—on the prisoner's going out, I went to Mr. Chamberlain, the inspector of the district, and made a communication to him, and in about three minutes the prisoner was brought back to the office—Mr. Chamberlain asked him to show him the letters he had in his pocket—he produced nine old and dead letters from his pocket—Mr. Chamberlain asked me whether the letter I had spoken of was among them I said "No"—he then asked the prisoner whether he had any more in his possession—he said, "No"—Mr. Chamberlain said he must see further, and was about to put his hand into the prisoner's pocket, when the prisoner put his own hand in and pulled out this letter (produced)—it is the letter which 1 had previously seen—I said so—it was sealed with red wax, and the figure '"4" was on it—

he had in bis bag the letters which he had to deliver in his own walk—they were separate from this—he was then detained in custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. I see the name of "Baseley" is on this letter. A. I wrote that by Mr. Chamberlain's order, when he asked if I could swear to it—that was after it was delivered up by the prisoner—this letter was io the walk of another carrier, who is now at the office—I can-not say how near he sat to the prisoner—the carriers are allowed to keep dead letters for a week—there are a good many sailors' wives and persons whom it is difficult to find in that district, and, sometimes, when a vessel is not in we keep letters till she is in—we sometimes keep them two or three weeks—I do not know whether the letters that were taken from his pocket are here—I could see him distinctly from where I was sitting, and he could see me through the wires that were between us—a person named King was sitting on one side of me—I do not recollect who was sitting on the other—there are partitions between us—you can only see the person opposite you; not those at the side, unless you look on one side—the wires are crossways, in squares large enough to put two fingers through—I have no doubt that I saw the "4"—I noticed particularly that the letter was sealed with red wax—I saw both sides of the letter—I had never seen the letter before—it ought to have gone to Paveley—I had seen him that morning—I passed him coming into the office, and I saw him. beside me sorting the letters on the same side as I was, on the same side of the desk and opposite to the prisoner—it was after that I saw this transaction—Mr. Chamberlain sent a letter-carrier after the prisoner—I have been reported twice during the last twelve months—it may be three times—once for detaining letters, and twice for impudence to the inspector—I have not been reported oftener than three times in the last twelve months—I was reported once for drunkenness two years ago—I was said to have detained three letters—Mr. Sculthorpe has never cautioned or reprehended me—Mr. Smith did for the same thing about seven weeks ago—I was never charged with dishonesty—I went and delivered the letters that I detained—I was put oil duty for it—I have not heard and do not know that the prisoner has petitioned that he might be removed from my walk, or I from his—he may have done so—I never heard a word about it before this—I have quarrelled with him once or twice about little things, but not lately—the last was about two months back—that was about a letter of Mr. Saull, which he ought to have delivered at ten o'clock, instead of which I had it in my possession at two—I had no right to have it in my possession at all—there was nothing in it—he gave it to me at two, with the other missorts—I suppose he thought to get me into a scrape—I think he had some malice towards me—it was Mr. Saull who reported me to the inspector—the prisoner never reported me, nor have I been reprehended on his complaint—I was not suspended on Mr. Saull's complaint—I have not been charged with any offence to my knowledge—I was never charged with taking a pair of browsers—I believe my wife took them away in mistake, when we were moving—the party fetched them back while I was out, and laughed about it.

MR. BODKIN. Q. How long did you detain these letters that you were blamed for? A. For one night-—I had delivered them before I was reported—none of them contained money—no part of the wire-work was large enough for a letter to pass through—the prisoner had been sorting letters at the table—when the letters first come in they are put on the table to be sorted—all the carriers do not assist in sorting—they sort them to the different pigeon-holes to which they belong.





BENJAMIN PAVELEY
. I am a letter-carrier, at the Stepney District

Branch Post-office—it was my duty to deliver a letter, addressed "Gross-road, Mile End-road."

Cross-examined. Q. Did a similar letter to this one, with money, come monthly? A. It used to come frequently—I cannot say whether monthly or weekly—it was a well-known writing, and known to contain money—we have marked divisions for each walk to sort the letters into, and we take ourletters out of those boxes—they are sent from the General Post-office in agreat bag tied up in large bundles—they are then untied and sorted, and placed in the boxes according to the districts—each carrier takes a bundle and unties it—the bundle may contain letters for his walk and for others also—I saw Baseley there that morning—he was not very near to me.

COURT. Q. Then it is not extraordinary for a letter-carrier, while sorting, before he gets to his desk, to have in his hand letters for sorting which do not belong to his walk? A. It sometimes happens by mistake—the letters come in packets of 200 or 300, not sorted.

MR. BALLANTINE
to
WILLIAM EDWIN BASELEY. Q. Did you hand over any letters to the prisoner that morning? A. No, not afterwards—I did hand him some letters that morning, after they had been thrown on his own walk—after I saw him in possession of the letter, and before 1 gave information—I might have given him about thirty; they were for his walk—there were no dead ones among them—they had come that morning, and I got them from the sorting-box—I handed them over the railing, after he had left the sorting-table, and after he had come to his desk—it is a common occurrence to get the letters from the sorting-boxes—I found letters among mine which belonged to him—upon my oath, I did not among those hand over this letter to him.





WILLIAM CHAMBERLAIN
. I am an inspector of letter-carriers at the Stepney Post-office—the prisoner has been employed there some time—his district was Limehouse—I know Baseley—I was present when the prisoner left that morning—a communication was made to me about two minutes after that, I sent for him back again—he returned—I told him that it had been intimated to me that he had a letter that did not belong to him—he said he had not—I requested him to let me see what letters he had—he took nine dead letters out of his side-coat pocket, and told me that was all he had—they do not carry letters for delivery in their pockets, but these were dead ones—I did not ask to see the bag—I asked Baseley if he saw the letter that he spoke about among those—he said, "No," and I said to the prisoner, "I must see further," and was in the act of putting my hand into his left-hand coat pocket, when he put his own hand in, and took out this letter—I asked him how it was he had that—he said he did not know he had it—it was sealed—I told him he must go with me to the General Post-office, and I took him to the president, Mr. Sculthorpe, in whose presence he was further searched—a letter addressed as this is would not belong to his delivery, and he had no right to have it—he would have the opportunity of taking such a letter while sorting—there is no particular bundle for each man to sort, but each of them take a bundle from the bag, for the purpose of sorting into the different districts—this letter ought to have gone to the Mile End district—the prisoner would have no right to have such a letter about him.

Cross-examined. Q. Supposing a person took out dead letters on his walk he would return them at the end of the day, if the parties to whom they were directed, were not forthcoming? A. That would be his duty—they ought to be given up every hour, and taken out every hour—the letter was in his uniform coat pocket, which is a large pocket.


MR. BODKIN. Q. Are the dead letters those where the parties to whom they are directed cannot be found? A. Yes—they are brought back to the office and should be given up every hour, and then would go to the dead letter office—it is not the custom to take them out time after time—if they are General Post letters, and the person could not be found they would be delivered back on the first Monday or Thursday after—if they do not find the person the first time, they take them out again—they keep them in their possession in the interval—there is a drawer on purpose—if it is a London district letter it is given up the next time they come into the office—they should not carry out such a letter twice—letters with money in them are treated just the same—this letter was opened at the Police-court in my presence by Mrs. Foster, to whom it was addressed—it had money in it.





WALTER ROBERTSON SCULTHORPE
. I am President of the London District Post-office. The prisoner was brought by Mr. Chamberlain to the General Post-office on 19th May—Mr. Chamberlain in his presence told me he had a letter in his pocket containing money, and that when he was asked to produce it he did not—he took out other letters which are termed old letters, leaving this one containing money in his pocket—I asked the prisoner how he accounted for the letter being in his pocket—he said he did not know it was there—I said, "You could not have it in your pocket without knowing it, it is so heavy"—he then said, "It is the first offence I am guilty of"—I then gave him into custody, and gave instructions to search him and his house.

Cross-examined. Q. Are those the very words he used? A. Yes, "It is the first offence I am Guilty of"—it was not, "I was ever guilty of"—(looking at his deposition")—I see it is so here—I may be mistaken—I believe the prisoner has borne a good character—he has been four years in the em-ployment, and I believe he has never been reported—I never heard of his having made a complaint against Baseley.





JAMES GILSOK FOSTER
. I live at 16, Grove-road, Mile End-road. On 18th May, I was at Birmingham, and sent this letter to my wife enclosing two half-crowns in it—I took the money to the Post-office, and paid 4d. postage.





FANNY FOSTER
. I am the wife of the last witness. I never received the letter until it was shown me before the Magistrate, where I opened it—it con-tained two half-crowns.

COURT
to
W. E. BASELET. Q. Were you in the habit of sorting letters for the prisoner? A. No—I have given him letters for his walk without putting them into the pigeon-hole—there are no pigeon-holes at the desk—it was at the desk belonging to his walk that I gave him the letters on this morning—I am quite positive I did not give him this letter—I saw this letter after I gave him the others—I mean before.




GUILTY. Aged 24.—Strongly recommended to mercy on account of hischaracter.
—



Transported for Seven Years
. (There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
