




3033. 




CHARLES ANDERSON
 and 




CHARLES ROCKLEY
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
5th of Oct., 1 bag, value 1s.; 2 thimbles, 2s.; 1 pencil-case, 3s.; 1 tablet, 4s.; 2 needle-cases, 1s.; 1 pair of scissors, 6d.; and 1 handkerchief, 6d.; the goods of 



Mary Ann Pearce, from her person; and that Anderson had been before convicted of felony.






MARY ANN PEARCE
. I live on Dane-hill, Margate. At half-past eight o'clock at night, on the 5th of Oct., I was walking with Mrs. Taylor, in the New-road, with a bag on my arm, containing two thimbles and the other things stated—I saw Anderson come by me, and another man run across the road—I felt the strings of my bag cut, and my bag was gone—this is it.





ANN TAYLOR
. I am the wife of Richard Taylor. At half-past eight o'clock that evening, I was walking with the prosecutrix—I saw the bag on her arm—Anderson passed close by me—the prosecutrix held up her arm, and said, "Oh, that fellow!"—I saw that the strings of her bag were cut—I went immediately across the road after Anderson—he had been near enough to cut the strings—I caught hold of Anderson's arm, and Rockley stopped me—he held

me, and prevented my running after Anderson—he asked me what was the matter—Anderson got away—I have no doubt he is the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. This was opposite Judd-street? A. Yes—Anderson had not got above three steps before I went after him—he passed in front of me, and was in front the whole way—he kept in the middle of the road—I saw no omnibus coming, and none interrupted me—I saw no one till Rockley stopped me—I had just got hold of Anderson when I was stopped by Rockley, and Anderson went up Judd-street—I was not detained above a quarter of a minute.

Rockley. Q. When I was at the station, did not you say you could not swear to me? A. No, I swear you are the man who caught my arm, and stopped me from running after Anderson—I have no doubt of you.





WILLIAM PATTERSON
 (police-constable E 25.) I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and saw Anderson running—he threw this bag from his hand into an area—it was brought up in my presence—I saw several persons running.





JOHN VESPER
 (police-constable E 158.) I saw Anderson running, and a cry of "Stop thief" after him—I took him—the prosecutrix, Mrs. Taylor, and several other persons, came up—I took Anderson to the station—after I had him, Rockley came up, and said Anderson was not the man who committed the offence, that I had got the wrong person in custody—he was secured.

Rockley. At the time of the robbery I was at home in Stanmore-street—I was fetched by Anderson's sister—I went, and was taken.





JOHN ROWE
 (police-constable E 91.) I produce a certificate of Anderson's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person.

ANDERSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

ROCKLEY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.





Transported for Ten Years.

