



1163. 




WILLIAM UNDERWOOD
alias
 Hunt,

 was indicted

 for unlawfully uttering a counterfeit sixpence, he having been previously convicted of uttering counterfeit coin.


MESSRS. DOANE
and
LUCAS
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to the mint—I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of William Underwood, otherwise John Hunt, in this Court, in November last—I have examined it with the original record, it is a true copy—(read.)





TIMOTHY GIBLETT
 (police-constable C 95.) The prisoner was in my custody in November last—he is the person who pleaded guilty to the charge named in the record.





GEORGE SPENCER
. I am servant to Mr. Green, a chemist, of Ebury-street, Pimlico. On Tuesday, the 15th of March, about a quarter before nine o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came to the shop for a 1d. worth of magnesia, which I gave him—he gave me a bad sixpence—I saw it was bad at the time, and told master of it—I gave it to Climpson, the constable—the prisoner said he lived at No. 12, Eaton-lane, and that his mother had sent him for the magnesia.

COURT. Q. You had never seen him before, I suppose? A. No, he was not out of my sight till he was given into custody—I showed the six-pence to Mr. Green, but did not give it to him—it was in my hand—I handed it over to him when I saw it was bad—he looked at it, and gave it back to me again—I gave it to the constable about five minutes after—during that time I had it in my sight—I laid it on the desk—there was no other money there—I am certain I gave the same sixpence to the constable.





WILLIAM CLIMPSON
 (police-constable B 162.) I was called into Mr. Green's shop on this morning, and found the prisoner there—I received a sixpence from Spencer, which I produce—I have had it ever since, kept separate—I took the prisoner to the station—he told me he lived 12, Eaton-lane, I went there with him, but before I got there he said was no use going there, for he did not live there—I asked where he lived, but he declined saying any thing—I took him to queen-square Police-court—he was remanded until the 21st, and was then discharged—there was no proof of his passing any other money then.





GEORGE FULTON
. I am a fruiterer, and live in Gloucester-terrace,

Westminster-road. On Friday, the 25th of March, the prisoner came to my shop, and asked for a penny bun—I gave it him, and he gave me a sixpence, which I discovered to be bad—I gave it to my wife, and sent for the constable—I did not lose sight of the sixpence—it was all the while in my wife's possession—she kept it, and delivered it to Brett—I kept the prisoner in the shop till Brett took him—I had never seen him before.





MARY FULTON
. I remember the prisoner coming—my husband gave me the sixpence, which I kept in my hand till the policeman came.





JOHN BRETT
 (police-constable B 127.) On the 25th of March I received the prisoner in charge, at the house of Fulton—I received the six-pence from Mrs. Fulton—the prisoner said a gentleman gave it to him, for carrying a parcel—he told two or three different stories—I produce the sixpence—I have kept it separate from others ever since.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Mint—this sixpence and the two parts of another are both counterfeit in all respects—they are not made from the same mould—the one produced by Brett is broken.





JOHN BRETT

re-examined. I went to bend it when I received it, and it broke right in half.




GUILTY
. Aged 15.—


Transported for Seven Years.
