



1305. 




CHARLES DOWNHAM
 was indicted

for stealing 1 gelding, price 60l., the property of 



William Winch.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






RICHARD WESTON
. I am in the employ of William Winch, a job-master, of Windmill-street, Westminster. About the 28th Oct., 1843, the prisoner came to my master's, and said he wanted a strong horse to carry a heavy gentleman, a friend of Mr. Harvey Combe—we had a chestnut gelding—I turned it out—the prisoner approved of it, and said he would go and show it to the gentleman—I told him it was twelve guineas a month, if the gentleman hired it, and if he sold it, sixty guineas—in about two houn he brought back the horse, said the gentleman was not at home, and he should require it another time—he came again the same night, and said he should require it in the morning, and I had to send it to Story's-gate by Hurd, one of our men—I did not give the prisoner any authority to sell the horse—he told me it was to go on job, or very likely to be sold—he might not have sold it without consulting Mr. Winch—the next I saw of the gelding was in a stable, near Trinity-mews, in the Borough, on the 30th of Oct., 1843.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. Your master is a job-master? A. Yes—I believe the prisoner has had the care of horses—I never dealt with him—he took this horse, I thought, for jobbing or selling—if he had brought back sixty guineas I should not have been satisfied without consulting Mr. Winch.

Q. Supposing the prisoner, or any other person, had come to the stable and seen the horse, and offered you sixty guineas, would you have let him had it? A. Yes, I would have taken it—if the gentleman had kept it, and he had brought me back the sixty guineas, I should have been perfectly satisfied—I understood it was a job, but I mentioned the price, in case the person he spoke of chose to buy it—when he came back the first

time, the horse appeared to have been ridden—the prisoner said the gentleman to whom he was to show it was not at home, or something of that sort, and he should want it again: he would let me know—he called the I same evening about ten o'clock, and asked me to take it to Story's-gate.

Q. Was it on the same terms as before? A. Yes—I understood it was for jobbing, but I mentioned the price, and there is no doubt I should have been satisfied if he brought the 60 guineas—he might not have sold it without consulting Mr. Winch—I mentioned the price as it was what Mr. Winch had been asking for it—I had heard him ask that—if any gentleman came and offered me sixty guineas for the horse, I was authorised to take it.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Was this horse let or sold? A. Let, with the intention of carrying a heavy gentleman—I had no intention that it should be ultimately parted with without consulting Mr. Winch—I certainly had no intention that he should have kept it without fresh communication with me—he was not to have parted with it without consulting me or Mr. Winch—there was no sixty guineas offered in this case—I had no authority to sell it to a person I did not know on credit.





GEORGE HURD
. I live in Alfred-place, Chelsea. I took the horse, by Western's direction, to Story's-gate—I waited about ten minutes; the prisoner then came, and I delivered it to him—he mounted it, and went away with it—I never saw him again till he was before the Magistrate.





WILLIAM WINCH
. I was the master of the gelding—it was worth sixty guineas—I sold it afterwards for 65l.—I certainly never gave my servant authority to part with it ultimately without consulting me—he had no such authority—I was looking after the prisoner from that time till he was taken.

Cross-examined. Q. If a gentleman had come with sixty guineas in his hand, would you not have been perfectly satisfied if your servant had offered you the sixty guineas? A. I should have taken it.

COURT. Q. You did not authorise him to sell it? A. No.





WILLIAM BRETT
. I live in Swan-street, Horsemonger-lane, and am a horse-dealer. In Oct. 1843, I purchased a chestnut gelding of the prisoner—I gave 10l. for it—Mr. Winch came on the following morning and asked if I had got a horse—I showed him twelve, and he took the gelding away.

Cross-examined. Q. You asked twenty guineas far it? A. Yes—I bought it in the theatre at night.





EDWARD LANGSTON
 (police-constable A 25). I took the prisoner at the King's Head, in Smithfield—he accompanied me very quietly.





WILLIAM WINCH

re-examined. The gelding was mine—I gave Brett 9l. for it—I have known him from a child—he said he had given 18l. for it, and I said I would bear half the loss of it.

COURT
to
WILLIAM BRETT. Q. When did you buy the horse? A. I do not know—one night when I was at the theatre—Mr. Winch had it the next morning.





WILLIAM WINCH
. No, it left my premises on Saturday morning—on Saturday night Brett bought it, and on Monday I got it.
(Harvey Combe, Esq. gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 39.—


Transported for Ten Years.

There was another indictment against the prisoner for obtaining a horse worth 100 guineas by false pretences.
