




560. 




ELIZA WARNER
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
7th of December, 30 sovereigns, 4 half-crowns, 80 shillings, 4 sixpences, and 5 5l. notes, the monies of 



Robert Potts, from his person; and 





GEORGE RANDALL



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c—2nd COUNT, for feloniously harbouring and maintaining the said 



Eliza Warner.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






ROBERT POTTS
. I am Corporal-major of the 2nd Regiment of Life Guards. On the 6th of December I was quartered at Knightsbridge—about eleven o'clock that night I was at Brompton—I met Warner, and went with her to the Two Brewers public-house—there were other girls there—I treated them all—I left the Brewers, about twenty minutes before twelve, in company with Warner—she took me to a house in Yeoman's row—I went into a room there—I was rather in liquor at the time—I had some money with me, which I put into the pocket of my inner belt, which goes round my waist next my skin—it consisted of five 5l. notes, thirty sovereigns, and from 4l. to 5l. in silver—it was in a bag, and when I was in the room I put the bag, and the money in it, into the pocket of my belt, which I buttoned with two buttons—I then went to bed and fell asleep immediately, with the belt round me—I really cannot say whether Warner went to bed with me, but I believe she did—there was nobody in the room but her and me before I went to sleep—I awoke about six in the morning—I then found the two buttons of the pocket in my belt were unbuttoned, and the bag and money was gone, and likewise my handkerchief, which had been in my cap on the table; and a silver watch, which had been in the pocket of my trowsers, which I laid on the floor—I had received one of the 5l. notes from Corporal William Dixon, on the 30th of November—when I awoke in the morning Warner was gone, and the next time I saw her was at Newbury, in Berkshire, when the officer went to take her.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. How came you to carry such a large sum of money about you? A. I do sometimes when I go out to pay my bills—it was my own money, my pay and savings—I had taken it out of my desk that evening before I went out—I had had 65l. when I left the barracks—I had paid a bill at Mr. Bird's that evening—I had paid about 5l.—I am sure I had not paid more—I took my clothes off that night before I laid down—I am quite sure the belt was about me when I laid down—the pocket was on the outside of the belt—I had given Warner some money, and have no doubt that she saw me put the bag and money into my belt—I had a portion in my bag and one button—the gold and notes were in one part, and the silver in the other—I did not put my hand into the bag to take out the money I gave to Warner, as I had some silver in my pocket.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. When you first met her in Brompton, were you sober? A. Not perfectly sober.






WILLIAM ARNOLD
. I am one of the cashiers at Cox and Greenwood's, On the 30th of November I paid to corporal Dixon two 5l. notes—this is one of those I paid him—(looking at one)—it is No. 49,352, and is dated 12th of October, 1841.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you made a memorandum of it at the time? A. Yes, and the corporal's name—I paid him these two 5l. notes with other money, amounting to 48l. 2s. 2d.





WILLIAM DIXON
. I am a corporal in the 2nd regiment of Life Guards. I received some money at Cox and Greenwood's on the 30th of November—there were two 5l. notes and the remainder in gold and silver—I paid one of the 5l. notes to Corporal-major Potts, from Mr. Arnold, about an boor after I received it.





WILLIAM WOODMAN
. I live at Paddington, and drive a cab. On Wednesday night, the 8th of December, about eight o'clock at night, I was hired by the prisoner Randall in Oxford-street—he was the worse for liquor—he told me to drive him to William-street—I asked him if he meant William-street, Regent's-park—he said, "Go on"—I drove him to William-street, Regent's-park—I then asked him what number—he then said he meant William-street, Knight abridge—I went there, and when I got there he tendered me a 5l. note to take my fare—he said I need not be afraid of getting my money, for be had got four or five more of them—I told him he had better let me take him home, or tell me where he lived—he would not—a man came up and abused me very much because I refused to give the note up—he said if it was his he would be d—d if I should not give it up—I said he nor any one should get it from me till I got satisfaction—I said I would give the prisoner in charge of a policeman, which I did—Randall then said he was known at a public-house over the way—we went, and he was not known—he was then taken to the station—the inspector told me to write my name on the note, which I did—it is on it now, and is the note produced.

Cross-examined. Q. What did your fare come to? A. I considered my fare 4s. by going to the other place first and then to Knightsbridge—I was tired of driving him about—I said I would take him home if he would tell me where—I then got the note, and would not part with it till I got satisfaction—he said he had got four or five more—I do not recollect whether he said he had got them in his pocket.





DANIEL FORBES
. I am inspecter of the B division of police. About half-past nine o'clock at night, on the 8th of December, Randall was brought to the station at Pimlico—he was drunk—the cab-man who has been examined handed me this 5l. note—after looking at it I handed it him back to put his initials on it, which he did, and I put mine also—Randall appeared to me to be stupidly drunk—I could get nothing out of him—he was put into the safe place, and I ordered him to be taken out at twelve o'clock—I then asked him if he had any money about him—he said, "No"—at a quarter before seven o'clock he was taken out again, and I said, "Had you any money about you?"—he said, "Yes, I recollect I had a 5l. note"—he said he was a householder, and he got it from one of his lodgers in payment of rent—I asked him to give us the lodger's name that we might make some inquiry—he did not give me any direct answer, hut said, "It is my money"—I said we should thoroughly investigate it, as he must know where he got a 5l. note from—he hesitated a little, and then he said, "I found it in Hyde-park in the morning."





BENJAMIN BYRNE
 (police-constable B 180.) I was in William-street,

Knightsbridge, about a quarter past nine o'clock on the 8th of December—I saw Randall there drunk wrangling with the cab-man—the cab-man said he had given him a 5l. note, and would not tell him where he lived—I took him to the station-house and searched him—I found 4s. 6 1/2., three keys, and a duplicate on him—he said I might search him but I should find no money—the next morning at a quarter before seven o'clock he was brought out—the inspector asked him where he lived—he said, "At No. 1, King's Head-row, Old Brompton"—I went there and found the keys fitted the place—I heard the inspector ask Randall about the note—he at first said he had got it from a lodger, and then that he had found it in the morning in Hyde-park—as I was taking him to the police-court he told me he found it in Hyde-park under a tree, and a sovereign rolled up in it, and that the 4s. 6 1/2 d. found on him was the remains of the sovereign which he had changed—I went on the Thursday to No. 1, King's Head-row, with Sergeant Mullamy, and Randall's wife gave the sergeant a letter.





DAVID GREGG
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Merritt—they are drapers, and live in Shoreditch. On the evening of the 7th of December, the two prisoners came to the shop, and I served them a satinet dress and some other articles, which came to between 3l. and 4l.—Warner paid for them—the prisoners went away together.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite sure of the persons? A. Quite—I saw them again I think a fortnight afterwards at Queen-square—a great many persons come to our shop—I am quite sure the prisoners are the persons.





ALFRED MILSOM
. I am chief-constable of Newbury, in Berkshire. In consequence of information I took Warner there on the 18th of December, at the house of her father and mother, about the middle of the day—the was ill in bed—I told her she was charged with having robbed a corporal major of the Life Guards on the night of the 6th—she said she was in company with a corporal-major in the Brompton-road that night, and she had something to drink with him, but she had not robbed him—I looked under her pillow for her pocket, and in her pocket I found eight sovereigns, a sixpence, and a penny-piece—there was a clothes-box in the room, and in it I found a considerable quantity of new female wearing apparel, this muff and cape, new gown and new cloak—she said a man of the name of Byron had given her the money, and purchased the clothes for her to go home and see her friends.





DAVID GREGG

re-examined. I know this cloak and silk dress—they were purchased of me on the night of the 7th—I think the whole of these things produced are worth 10l.

Warner. I am innocent—I left the soldier in the room with another female—I came out of the house and saw no more of him—I was in service till July, when I was taken away by a gentleman who has since allowed me a weekly sum.

COURT
to
ROBERT POTTS. Q. Was there another female in the room with you? A. There was not—I had all my property safe when I went to bed—there was no woman with me but Warner after I left the public-house—she unlocked the door of the sleeping-room for us to go in—I really could not say whether the door was locked when I went to bed—I never saw the house before nor the street—I believe it is a house of ill fame.

WARNER—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years. RANDALL—

GUILTY. Aged 28.—



Confined Six Months.
