




882. 




JOHN MANLEY,



 stealing 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; the goods of 



Sidney Farquharson Marks, from his person; having been before convicted.






SIDNEY FARQUHARSON MARKS
. I am a clerk. On 18th March I was in Barbican, in company with Smith and a gentleman—I had a red handkerchief in my pocket—Smith turned round and said my pocket was picked, and I found my handkerchief in her hand—this is it—it had been in my pocket.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see it in my hand? A. No; there were two or three more with you—there was a gentleman with me—I did not wish to give you in charge, but Smith called the policeman—I was in liquor—I heard Smith say she would give you in charge—I believe Smith to be a respectable girl, she lives in George-street, Adelphi—I had not known her above six or seven months.

Prisoner. George-street is one of the biggest places for common prostitutes and thieves in London.





ANN SMITH
. I live in George-street, Adelphi, and am a dressmaker, I was walking with the prosecutor about eleven o'clock that evening—I turned my head, and saw the prisoner take the handkerchief out of his pocket—I took it from him, and put it into his pocket again—the prisoner was very impertinent—I called a policeman, and gave him in charge.





THOMAS FULLER
 (City-policeman, 152). I took the prisoner.

Prisoner. Q. Was there not another with me? A. There was one by your side—you did not try to run away, it was no use, because I knew you.

Prisoner's Defence. I was walking with another person; Smith turned, and asked what I did there; I said that was no business of hers; she said if I did not go on, she would give me in charge; the man who was with me staid with them; I went to persuade him to come on, and Smith called the policeman, and gave me in charge; in going along, I said to her, "Is this the gentleman who treated you with sherry and champagne till past two o'clock this morning;" she said, "You must have followed us a long way to have heard that;" it was only out of spite that I was taken into custody at all; she did not call the policeman for a long while afterwards; the prosecutor did not wish to give me in charge at all.

JURY
to
THOMAS FULLER. Q. Was Smith drunk? A. No; I asked what she was; she said she was a dressmaker—it did not appear to be from spite—she did not seem in a passion.





PETER CARNEY
 (policeman, N 76). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction—(Read—Convicted June, 1846, and confined six months)—he is the person.




GUILTY
.* Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years


