





261. 




ELIZABETH RUSSELL
 was indicted for

 stealing 2 1l. 4 yards of woollen cloth called angola, value 10s., the goods of 



Henry Bodman, her master; and 





MARY EVANS



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing the same to have been stolen.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN PULLING
 I am foreman to Mr. Henry Bodman, a tailor, of the Strand. Previous to the 24th of Nov. I missed a considerable quantity of property from the shop—Metcalf was in our employ—he is about fourteen years old-Russell was the domestic servant—on Wednesday, the 25th of Nov., I marked a piece of angola, and put it on the counter in the shop—it was there that evening—I missed it the next morning, the 26th—there were two yards and a quarter of it—this is it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL
Q. What is it made of? A. Wool—there may be a little cotton with it—they sometimes call it tweed, but angola is the proper name—Russell was maid-of-all-work—she sometimes had business in the shop, to wash it out—Metcalf usually brings his food with him, and has his tea in the kitchen.





THOMAS TICKNER
 (police-sergeant F 18.) I received directions to watch Mr. Bodman's premises—I went there on the evening of the 21st of Nov.—I saw Russell leave the premises between seven and eight o'clock—she went to Pitts'-place, Drury-lane—she met Evans just outside her door—they appeared on friendly terms—Russell said, "As I have got out, I thought I would run down and see you; where are you going to?"—they went from one place to another—they went to a butcher's shop, and remained in company some time—I saw them drink together, and saw them part after they came out of a public-house—I did not show myself to either of them—I was in plain drees—on the 26th of Nov. I went again to Mr. Bodman's—I followed Metcalf, who came out of Mr. Bodman's—I did not see that he had anything with him—he went to Mrs. Evans's, in Pitts'-place, Drury-lane—I saw him come out in a short time—I spoke to him, and asked him what he had taken there—I went to Evans's, and told Metcalf to stand back—I called Evans myself—I asked her what the boy had brought there—she said a gown-piece that Mrs. Russell had sent her to look at, to see how she liked it—I asked her if she would show it me—she said it was in a box, she would go and get it—she went and fetched it, and from a pattern I had in my pocket, I saw it was the trowsers-piece that Mr. Bodman had lost that morning—I said it was not a gown-piece, it was a trowsers-piece that Mr. Bodman had lost that morning, and it was stolen—she began to cry—I told her she must go to the station with me—she said she hoped not, she would give me anything if I would not take her, and anybody would be answerable for her appearance in the morning—she said she wished she had never known Mrs. Russell, and no doubt the waistcoat-piece she pawned some time before, was come by in the same way—she said the boy had told her it was all right—I searched her lodging, and found forty-four duplicates, ten of them relate to property belonging to Mr. Bodman, and which was identified by the foreman, and is now here—I went to Mr. Bodman's, and apprehended Russell—I told her she must go with me to the station for robbing her master—she said, "Very well"—on the road to the station she asked me where we were going—I told her to Bow-street—she asked if the boy was there—I said yes, he was—I had not given her any intimation of the boy having done anything.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. You took Metcalf, and it was without Evans having any communication with him that she said it was a gown

piece? A. Yes—she said she hoped nothing was wrong, and wished she had never seen Mrs. Russell.





JOHN PULLING

re-examine. This is the piece I marked—I have looked at the other property which the ten duplicates refer to—it is just such as I missed from my master's premises—it is all here.





CHARLES METCALF
 (a prisoner.) I was fourteen years old last June—I went into Mr. Bodman's employ about seven months ago—Russell was servant in the house—I knew nothing of her before I went there—some time after I went there she told me to go and take a waistcoat-piece—I was to take it down stairs to take to Mrs. Evans—that was the direction Russell gave me—she told me on various occasions to do things in the shop—on the 25th of Nov. I observed this piece of cloth that is produced, in the shop—Russell told me to take a piece to-morrow morning, and when I opened the shop in the morning, I took the piece, and took it down to Russell in the kitchen—she told me I was to take it to Mrs. Evans the first time I could get out in the day—she told me to place it in the back kitchen—the first time I got out was in the evening, before I went home to bed—I then took it to Mrs. Evans, and the policeman followed me—when I got to Mrs. Evans's with the cloth I told her I brought it from Mrs. Russell—she said, "Very well"—when I came out the policeman took me—he asked me what I took there—I said it was a gown-piece that the servant had sent to show Mrs. Evans—nobody had told me to say that—I went into the house with the officer, and heard what passed between him and Evans—I did not know anything at all of Mrs. Evans till Russell sent me there—I had been ten or a dozen times to Evans's before the officer took me—all these things which have been produced relating to these duplicates are what I had taken from my master's to Evans's—the first time I took any was about two months ago.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE
Q. What name did you tell the policeman you had been to? A. Mrs. Wilkins—that was a story—I had been to Evans—I said it was a gown-piece, and that was a story—they took me to Bow-street—I was put as a prisoner first, and next time I was examined as a witness—it was on a Thursday 1 was taken, and remanded till the Wednesday following—I slept at my grandfather's—I have a latch-key to let myself in—I sometimes staid out late of a night, and went to theatrical saloons, and other places—I went about borrowing money in my master's name—he reprimanded me for it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL
Q. On some occasion, when you took these things, did you take them direct from the shop? A. No—I always took them to Russell first—the first I took, Mrs. Russell told me to take it down to her, and then I took it to Evans—the second piece I believe Russell took—I took the third piece—I did not take goods from the shop to Evans without taking them to the kitchen—on every occasion I took them into the kitchen—I took them from the shop when I could get an opportunity—sometimes in the morning—when I took this cloth Russell was getting one of the lodgers' breakfast in the kitchen—she told me to take them when I could.

Q. She did not know you were in the shop taking this? A. Yes she did, because before I went up stairs she told me—I brought it down—she took it in her hand, looked at it, and told me to put it in the back kitchen—I cannot exactly say how much money I have made by this—sometimes when anything was taken I had part of the money—I took the things to Evans, told her I came from Russell, I took the money Evans gave me to Russell, and she gave me what she liked—when I took this piece to Evans I said, "I brought this from Mrs. Russell," and she said, "Very well"—I did not say

anything to her about it being a gown-piece—it was not wrapped up—it wai tucked into my trowsers—I carried the others in my trowsers.

MR. PRENDERGAST
Q. You have been asked about borrowing money, by whose direction did you do that? A. By Russell's, and I gave it to her—that was done at the milk-shop repeatedly—it was in Mrs. Bodman's name—I could not get any more money, and then the robbing began.

JURY, Q. You did not borrow it from Evans? A. No.

MR. PARNELL
Q. Did you borrow any of Evans? A. Yes, once for Mrs. Russell.
(Samuel William Evans, a cow-keeper, of Collingwood-street, Blackfriars; Jenkin Davies, cow-keeper, Long-lane, Southwark; and Henry Flagg, publican, Compton-street, Soho, gave Russell a good character: John Watkins, publican, New-street, Borough; George Owen, coffee-house keeper, Lisle-street; Edward Penny, printer; Henry Banting, house-agent, Munster-street; and James Biddle, gave Evans a good character.)

RUSSELL—


GUILTY
 Aged 35.

EVANS—


GUILTY
 Aged 36.





Transported for Seven Years.

