




1753. 




ELIZABETH HANNAH SAUNDERS
 and 




JOHN SWEET
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Alexander Ross, about two o'clock in the night of the 
9th of June, at St. Pancras, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 petticoat, value 2s.; 1 flannel waistcoat, 2s.; 4 towels, 6d.; and 8 stockings, 1s.; the goods of 



James Curtis; and that Saunders had been before convicted of felony.






LYDIA CURTIS
. I am the wife of James Curtis, and occupy a parlour in the house of Alexander Ross, No. 13, Little Albany-street, Regent's Park, in the parish of St. Pancras—Ross lives in the house. Last Friday night I went to bed about a quarter to ten o'clock—I did not fasten the door—my ton came home after I was gone to bed—in the course of the night I heard a noise in the house—I did not get up then, but went to sleep again—I got up about a quarter before four in the morning, went into the passage, found the back door wide open, and the things stated gone—some had been on the line in the passage, and some in the yard behind the house—they were wet—the back door had been opened from within—it had been bolted.





JOHN CURTIS
. I am the prosecutrix's son. I came home after my mother was in bed—I let myself in by a latch-key, and shut the door again—it was fastened by the latch only—I am sure I fastened it—I got up at four o'clock, being alarmed.





JOSEPH SKIDMORE
. I am a policeman. Last Saturday morning, a little after two o'clock—I was on duty in Munster-street, Regent's Park, about 130 yards from the prosecutor's house—I saw the two prisoners turn out of Little Albany-street, in a direction leading from the prosecutor's house—they took the middle of the road, leading into Munster-street, side by side, apparently in company—as they came towards me they parted—Sweet went towards the New Road, and Saunders towards Bruton-street—on her pawing me I observed she had a bundle—I called to know what she had—she made no answer, but appeared to hurry on—I stepped after her, and said I must see what she had got—she said she would see me b----d first—I then took hold of her arm, and said I must see what she had—she immediately threw the bundle into the road—a cabman, who was passing at the time, picked it up, and put it under my arm—I was about conveying her to the station, when one of my comrades came up, and said there was a man with her—I said, "Yes, there he goes along the street, go and fetch him back again"—he was still in sight in Osnaburgh-street, which is in a line with Munster-street—another constable went in pursuit of him, while I took the female to the station—in going along I asked where she got the things—she said the man had given them to her—I asked what man—she said the man that the policeman had gone after—on getting to the station the prisoners denied all knowledge of each other—the bundle contained the articles stated, which were wet—in the morning, as I was coming along Munster-street, I saw a brother constable pick up this latch-key, in the very spot where the bundle had been thrown—he handed it to me—I afterwards tried it to the prosecutor's door, and it opened it.





EDMUND EASTGATE
. I am a policeman. On the morning of the 10th of June, about half-past two o'clock, I was in Frederick-street, Regent's Park, and saw the two prisoners coming in a direction leading from Little Albany-street—the female had a bundle—Skidmore went up, and said, "Halloo, what

have you got there? let me see"—she would not let him see—he said, "I will see"—she said, "I will see you b----d first"—she shortly afterwards threw it into the road—I felt the things, and they were wet—Sweet went on towards the New Road—I went after him—I did not lose sight of him—I told him his wife wanted him—he said, "She is not my wife, I don't know anything of her"—I took him to the station, and the female there said she knew nothing of him.





LYDIA CURTIS

re-examined. These things are my husband's, and are what I left wet the night before.

Saunders's Defence. I had been out this evening, being holiday time, and went to the Sovereign, in the Regent's Park, and fell in company with a female, who said she had been out washing that day; we had some gin; while paying for it her shawl came off; she had these things in her apron, and handed them to me; her husband came in; they had a few words, and went out. I waited there till two o'clock, but she did not return. I went out into Little Albany-street, thinking I should meet her, but I did not. I left word with a person that I should be there next morning. I met the policeman, who asked me to let him look at the bundle; I threw it down, and said, "There it is." I did not know what to do with the things. Sweet knows nothing about it; he was in other company at the time. The woman and I parted because there was a cab between us.

Sweet's Defence. I know nothing of it whatever.





MARTIN M'HALE
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner Saunders's former conviction—(read)—I was present at her trial—she is the woman.

SAUNDERS—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

SWEET—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.





Transported for Fifteen Years.

