



2701. 




ELIZABETH M'MAHON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of October, 1 purse, value 66d.; 11 shillings and 5 sixpences; the property of 



Thomas Bailey, from his person.







THOMAS BAILEY
. I am a plasterer. On the 19th of October, about nine o'clock in the morning, I went into the Union public-house, in Pimlico—I had been drinking, but was sensible—I had 13s. 6d. in a purse in my left trowsers' pocket—I fell asleep—my friend awoke me—I found my pocket was cut clean out, and taken with the purse and its contents—I saw my purse again the same evening at Queen-square, where the prisoner was in custody—I do not recollect seeing her at all at the public-house.





JOSEPH ELFORD
. I am a carpenter. I was in company with the prosecutor—I was sober—I saw him fall asleep at the public-house—I went to sleep, and when I awoke the prisoner said, "Young man, can you lend me a knife?"—I lent her one, not knowing for what purpose—I saw her hands under the table by the side of my friend—she was sitting close to him—I was sitting on the other side of the room—she then got up, threw me my knife on the table, and said, "It is all right, I am off, I have got about 15s."—this aroused me—I got up, looked about, and saw my companion's trowsers disordered—I awoke him, went to the door, and saw the prisoner running up the street—I ran, caught her, and said, "You have got my friend's money, give it up"—I gave her into custody—the purse was in her hand.





BENJAMIN BOLTON
 (police-constable B 57.) I saw Elford following the prisoner, who was running away from him—Elford said she had robbed some one he knew—she was running up Sloane-street—I ran and caught her—she said, "What do you want with me, I have not got his purse?"—I had not mentioned the purse then—she then undid a handkerchief that was in her hand, and the purse was in her hand with the handkerchief bound round it—when I got her to the station she wanted me to take the purse, and not let the man have it—she denied having any pocket on—I found she had, and the prosecutor's pocket was in her pocket—there was 13s. 6d. in the purse, and a fourpenny piece in her pocket.

Prisoner's Defence. I went down to the Union public-house to take my lodger's breakfast, who was ostler there; these two men came in dreadfully intoxicated; as I was going out the man ran after me and said, "Young woman, stop, you have my mate's money;" I said I had not; he said, "You had better stop, and give me my mate's money;" he followed, and gave me in charge; he said, "You have got my mate's money;" I said, "Where?" he said, "In that old handkerchief;" I opened it, and to my surprise out fell the purse.




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Ten Years.
