



630. 




SAMUEL JARMAN
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 coat, value 8s.; 1 violin, 8s.; and 1 violin bow, 6d.; the goods of 



James Jarman.






CHARLES JARMAN
. I live with my father and four brothers, in Addle-street, Wood-street. The prisoner is one of my brothers—on the 11th of Jan. I went out, leaving the prisoner in charge of the room I lived in—my brother James had a box there—it was safe and locked.





JAMES JARMAN
. I am the prisoner's brother. I went home to dinner at four o'clock, on the 11th of Jan.—I found the room door unlocked, and no one in the room—in a few minutes I missed my coat and violin, worth 16s., from my box—on the second night after, the policeman came and told me my brother had givep himself up, and told them what he had done with the coat and violin.





DAVID BROOKS
, of Wheeler-street, Spitalfields. On Thursday, the 11th of Jan., I saw the prisoner in Widegate-alley—he was about to sell a violin and coat—he told me he was offered 2s. for them—I asked if they belonged to him—he said, "Yes"—I asked why he wanted to part with them—he said his mother was dead, his father had gone into the country, and he wanted to raise some money to go down to his father—I said they would pledge for more than 2s.—he said if he could get some one to pledge them he should be glad—I pledged them for him at Mr. Arnold's, in Shoreditch, for 3s.

Prisoner. I gave him the tickets, and 3d. for his trouble. Witness. It is false—he was going to tear them up—I told him where I lived, and said I would take care of them—I never saw him before.
----ARNOLD, High-street, Shoreditch. Brooks pawned the coat and violin with me, for 3s.





THOMAS GROVER
 (City police-constable, No. 135.) About eleven o'clock, on Saturday night, I met the prisoner—he told me he had broken open his brother's box, and taken a coat and violin—he wished I would lock him up—I took him to the station, and the inspector sent for his brother.

Prisoner. I never told him that I had broken my brother's box open. Witness. Yes, he did, and said he pawned them in High-street, Shoreditch.




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.—Parkhurst.

