



832. 




WILLIAM FRANCIS STEEL
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
28th of July, I watch, value 1l. 15s.; the goods of 



Joseph Knowles, his master.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN KNOWLES
. I am a silversmith and watchmaker, and live in Bolingbroke-row,

Camberwell-road. The prisoner had been in my service for about thirteen months—this is my watch—it was in my possession a week or a fortnight previous to the 28th of July—about two months prior to the prisoner's being taken, which was on the 30th of Dec., I missed ten watches, and that was one of them—I mentioned this one, and described it to him—he said they were lent—he did not say to whom—he handed me three duplicates—he said one was of the gold watch which the lady had inquired after, and the others of two watches belonging to me—I took one of the duplicates to Mr. Bradbury's, saw this watch there, and obtained it from him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You are not a watch-maker? A. No—the prisoner was employed to repair watches for me, and he made one—I had not then known of his having pledged my watches—I have since ascertained that he had pledged watches from time to time—I do not know any instance of his pledging a watch, and taking it out—I remember a spring dial at a beer shop—I do not remember that being pledged, but I remember its being taken out—soon after the prisoner was in my employ I bought the duplicate of a spring dial of a person, and the prisoner said, "I have one, if you will redeem it," but I did not know it bad been pledged by him—I never knew he had pledged any thing—he did not take work home with my consent or knowledge—I remember a 3l. lever watch—he did not take that home with my knowledge to put a new escapement—I employed him to make a new watch for Mr. Kay—I did not know that he took that home—I do not know how much he expended on that—I sold it for seven guineas—I did not pay him for it—the prisoner did not take home a watch of mine—I know there was a watch with eight holes in the shop for some time.

Q. And then as you did not pay the prisoner he took it? A. No, he showed me a watch, and said he should put my name on it, but I never saw it after—I do not know that when he was apprehended he was finishing a clock with a double dial at home; nor that I owe him any thing but for that little watch—I think he said it was 3l. 15s.—" Mr. Kay" is the prisoner's writing on the back of the duplicate he gave me—this is the watch.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Had this watch required any repairs? A. I hung it in a case to be repaired at the prisoner's leisure—I gave him no directions whatever to take it out of my house—he had no right to take it out—I had not paid what I owed him, because he set fire to my premises carelessly, and the damage done was 6l. or 7l.—he said he would pay me—he had not demanded the money for this watch—I asked him several times what it was—his tools are with me now—he may have them if he pays what is due—there is 2l. 10s. remaining due on a gold watch which he took away.





HENRY WILLIAM HALL
. I am assistant to Mr. Bradbury, a pawnbroker in the London-road—this watch was pledged in the name of John Brown, on the 28th of July—Mr. Knowles took it out—this is the duplicate of it.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know who pledged it? A. No, I did not take it in.





JOSEPH KNOWLES

re-examined. This is the duplicate the prisoner gave me.





SAMUEL WRIGHT
 (police-constable P 172.) I took the prisoner on the 30th of Dec. at the prosecutor's shop—I said it was for taking some watches from his master—he said he had done so, and he could not deny it—I then went to his own house—I saw a female there—I told her to turn out her pockets—the prisoner was present, and told her to give the duplicates up—I got several duplicates there, some from his wife, and some from his son, whom he sent up stairs.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you present when he gave up the duplicate

which relates to this watch? A. I was not—it was given up before I took him, I believe—I am sure the prisoner said he had taken the watches, and could not deny it.

COURT to MR. KNOWLES. Q. Had you made any charge against him before he gave you up these duplicates. A. I questioned him about a watch that a lady had called for, and then he gave me up the three tickets.





WILLIAM BEAL
, a haberdasher in Bolinbrook-row; and George Wilkins, a carpenter at Brixton, gave the prisoner a good character.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoner; and the prosecutor stated he had paid 50l. to redeem watches.)

Before Mr. Recorder.

