




1766. 




JOHN SIMS
, and 




WILLIAM JOHN WILLIAMS



, stealing 1 bottle, and 73lbs. weight of quicksilver, value 11l. 2s.; the goods of the 

London Dock Company, in a dock, &c.: Williams having been before convicted.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY DONALDSON
. I am a labourer, in the London Docks. On 21st Aug., about three o'clock, I was in a wagon, at the loop-hole of No. 3 ware-house—there was a van there belonging to Mary Vesta—Sims was at the tail of it, and Williams at the horse's head—soon after I saw Sims coming out of loop-hole No. 3, first-floor, with a bottle of quicksilver—I knew it by the shape of the bottle—he stepped into Jones's wagon with it—William was standing between the two wagons—Sims said to me, "Old man, don't say anything about this, and we will have some beer"—I thought he was chaffing me—he asked several times where I lived—he called" Bill"—Williams nodded, and went over to Mary Vesta's van, brought the nose-bag, emptied part of the provender out, and put the bottle of quicksilver into it—Sims gave it him—I gave information, and afterwards took Sims going to the London Dock gates—the quicksilver was found in the nose-bag.





SAMUEL BENTLEY
. I was near No. 3 warehouse, and saw Sims bring the quicksilver—Williams put it into the nose-bag.





WILLIAM READING
. I am foreman of No. 3 warehouse, London Docks. I followed Mary Vesta's van—a bottle of quicksilver was found in it—I went to the warehouse and missed one—no pass had been given for it.





JOHN SAYER
. I am constable of the London Dock. On 11th Aug. I took Williams at Bethnal-green—I told him the charge—he said he knew nothing about it; that he was not in the Docks that day, but selling fruit.

Sims' Defence. I was intoxicated, and know nothing of the circumstance; Mr. Sheriff Finnis will give me a good character; he has trusted me with thousands of pounds.





HENRY DYMOND
 (Thames-police-inspector). I took Sims—he had been drinking, but was conscious of what he was about.





HARRY HAYWARD
 (policeman, K 401). I produce a certificate of williams's conviction (read Convicted Oct. 1847, confined one year)—he is the person.

SIMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.—



Confined One Year.

WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

