




938. 



PATRICK NICHOLLS
 and 




JOHN BRAHAM
 were indicted for

stealing 1000 yards of brown Hessian, value 20l., and 1 canvas wrapper, 2s.; the goods of 



Elizabeth Hore, the mistress of Nicholls.


MR. BALLANTINB
conducted the Prosecution.


PETBR HORE. I am the son of Elizabeth Hore, who is the proprietor of Hore's Wharf—I help to manage the business for her—I do not recollect a bale of goods arriving at our wharf marked G. S. S. 7, but the books show there was—there is no entry in my writing.





JAMES HALL
. I was clerk in the employ of Mrs. Hore—on the 2nd of March, 1842—the London schooner traded between Dundee and our wharf—I copied the manifest into a book kept at Mrs. Hore's, called the ships'book—there is a bale of goods entered, marked G. S. S. 7—I saw that bale—this is the cover of the bale I saw on Mrs. Hore's wharf—(looking at a wrapper)—I saw it when I took stock, in July, 1843—I left in May,1844—I have the manifest here—I received it before the London discharged, when she came up in the river—that is the usual course of business—I know this to be the self-same paper—it came through the post, directed to Mrs. Hore—I saw it there in the course of my duty.

Q. It was filed, and you took it from the file? A. Yes, and there is an entry in it corresponding with the bale—I acted on this paper—the book is here in which I copied it—here is the entry, by which it appears that a bale marked G. S. S. 7 came bfy the London—there is a book called the monthly remains-book—it is an account of the stock which remains at the end of the month—the whole cargo of the London was checked off in the landing-book—it was marked off by the foreman, who is now dead—the bale is also entered in the stock-book, which I copied from the remains—book—I copied it as landed from the Courier, but that is an error—this stock-book represents the amount of stock on Mrs. Hore's wharf—Nicholls was in her service when I was—he would have access to this book, and this would appear to be a proper description of the goods in stock.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. These books are kept on the wharf? A. Yes, in the counting-house—there were three or four clerks in Mrs. Hore's employ—Nicholls war delivering foreman—there is a landing foreman and a gate-keeper—I have seen this bale on the wharf—I did not see it

landed—that was the department of the man who is dead—this bale was not landed at our wharf—our wharf was burnt down, and this bale was landed at Topping's wharf, and brought with other goods from there to our wharf—I did not see it brought, but I know it was on Hore's wharf by seeing it there in July, 1842, when we took stock—we do not mark on every bale the name of the vessel by which it comes—the Dundee bales do not in general bear the name of the vessel that brings them—the goods brought by country vessels sometimes do—there was no mark on this bale of any ship's name that I am aware of—I left it on the wharf—I have no recollection of it only by looking at these books.

Q. You know you would not have put down these marks only by looking at such a bale? A. I saw the bale marked G. S. S. in the warehouse when I took stock—I am quite satisfied about that—I was six years and ten months at the wharf, and left in May, 1844—I knew Nicholls while I was there—he always bore a perfectly good character, and was a regular man in his habits of business—he had been on the wharf long before I went there and continued after I left—it was my mistake in putting down the Courier in copying this from the remains-book—Nicholls had nothing to do with that mistake—persons who come to have goods away and to make inquiries, sometimes see the books and look over them, and I look over with them—I do not know Nicholls's handwriting, as I have not seen anything of it for the last twenty months—I cannot say whether this order (looking at one) is his handwriting.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. You will not undertake to say that this is the particular wrapper which you saw round the bale in 1842? A. That I cannot say of course—the wharf would be crowded with bales—this manifest is not my handwriting, but I remember it coming into my possession, and I acted on it as the manifest of the ship London—I never ticked the cargo by this manifest, but I ticked it in the manifest-book from the landing-book—there are many hands present at the landing of a vessel—the foreman superintends.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. There is a great deal of business at Hore's wharf? A. Yes, and sometimes there is a rush of carmen.





SAMUEL STRANGE
. I am a carman, and live at No. 14, Paul-square, Paul-street, Finsbury. On the 22nd of last Aug. I was hired from the stand in Bishopsgate-street by the prisoner Braham—he asked me if I was a carman—I told him yes—he said, "I want a bale fetched from Hore's wharf to be taken to Coleman-street"—he gave me the order (looking at it) to go to Hore's wharf and get the bale, and likewise a letter which was to be delivered where the bale was to be taken to—the order was partly printed and partly written—he gave me 4l.,10s., to pay the charges there, and he paid me 4s. for cartage—this resembles the order that was given to me on that occasion—I believe this is it—I went to Hore's wharf, presented it to a clerk in the counting-house, and was referred by him to Nicholls—I took the order and gave it into Nicholls's own hands—he was then on the first floor in the wharf—he took the order from me, and I asked him to serve me as soon as he could—he said he would—he delivered the bale into my cart and then I had to sign his book—I was then in possession of the bale—I noticed the mark—it was G. S. S. No. 7, I am confident—I then left with the bale in my cart—I drove along East Smithfield and passed Hoare's brewhouse—Braham met me near there, and received the difference of the money and the wharf receipt of what I had paid—I took the bale to Barber's, No. 4, Colemsn-street, where I was directed to take it—that was on the outside of the letter—I had the same dress on that I have now, and a hat.


Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Are you quit sure you took this order and gave it to a clerk in the counting-house? A. Yes—he referred to a book, then returned me the order, and pointed out Nicholls to me—the amount of the charges was 3l.15s.6d.—I had 14s.6d. to return to Mr. Braham—Nicholls took the order from my hand—he gave it me again, and then I took it into the counting-house—to the best of my belief, this is the order.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Braham called you off the stand, and you were paid your regular charge? A. Yes—I paid the charges in the counting-house.





THOMAS QUAITES
. I am clerk to Mrs. Hore. I received this order from Nicholls on the 22nd of Aug.—Strange paid the charges on the bale—I should not have given the bale out without an order of this kind—I referred to the books, and the description agreeing with the order I gave the bale out—the charges were 3l. 15s. 6d., including the rent of 2d. a bale a week—Nicholls was acquainted with the general charges on matters of this kind—I think Mrs. Hore said he had been in her employ thirty-four or thirty-six years—I have been there two years, and I know the charges—after the orders are delivered to me I put them on the file—no goods would be given out without my having the order and filing it—if I were not there he would (give it to Nicholls or one of the other clerks—I know Nicholls's handwriting, and believe this order to be his handwriting.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Do you mean that Nicholls would have anything to do with making out the charges? A. If none of the clerks were there he would do it—we have three clerks—they do not walk out together—I cannot swear whether it is part of Nicholls's business to make out the charges on bales—I have known him do it, but I cannot recollect the date—about six o'clock in the morning persons might come for goods, and then Nicholls would do it all himself—the clerks do not get there at six o'clock in the morning, and then Nicholls would make out the charges all alone—there is one clerk there at six, but it would not be his business to make out the charges.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Is this the usual form of delivery. order? A. Yes—persons sending delivery orders use this form in general—all the goods we deliver are under orders similar to this—they are not exactly the same—they are not all printed.





PETER HORE

re-examined. I had seen this bale on our premises—I casually observed it very shortly before it was delivered—we have ascertained that a bale of goods marked "G. S. S., 7." is gone from our premises—the orders on which goods are delivered are filed—Mellises are customers of ours—their orders are kept on the general file—I have examined the file, and discovered that one of Mellis's orders is missing—it wad one similar to this.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Have you received any order that you know is gone? A. No doubt my clerks have—I do not mean to swear that I have seen the order that is gone.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Are you able to swear that an order is missing from the file? A. Yes—I referred to our landing account—Nicholls had access to the file—the writing of this order is Nicholls's—the character is very similar to his usual handwriting.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. It is not disguised? A. Some part of it is, but the general character is his writing—I would not swear to it, only to the best of my belief—I had at first very great doubts on the subject, which continued for some time—I have very little doubt now, since I have compared it—Nicholls has been longer in our service than I am years of age—he was in

my father's service, and is now in my mother's—he was in our employ up to the 20th of Feb., 1846—we finally apprehended him in consequence of information from the police—the files are accessible to Nicholls, but not to every one—the address, "Mellis, 28, Ironmonger-lane," is printed—that of course would only apply to Mellis's orders.

MR. PARRY. Q. This is not an unusual order, it is the kind of order you would receive? A. Yes—I have since understood that a man named Abrahams had something to do with this property—in fact, he stated before me that he had.





PETER M'LEAN
. I am clerk to Mrs. Hore. I have seen Nicholls write—I have carefully examined this order—I have no doubt it is Nicholls's writing.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. How long have you been there? A. Eight years—I did not at first suspect Nicholls—the police called my attention to the order about ten days after the bale was gone—the policeman compared the handwriting with the books, and he saw a similarity, and called my attention to it—I told Mr. Hore I had no doubt it was Nicholls's handwriting—Nicholls remained after that on our premises—Mr. Hore told me to keep a sharp look-out after him.





JAMBS FERRIS MELLIS
. I am one of the firm of J. F. Mellis and Co.—we live now at No. 28, Ironmonger-lane. We are in the habit of receiving goods from Dundee by the schooners and steamers going to Hore's-wharf—in 1842 we received the invoice of a bale marked "G. S. S., 7," but we did not receive the bale—this order is not similar to what we send out—the printing is different—this is printed "28, Ironmonger-lane," and we removed there about five months ago—we write on our orders "28, Ironmonger-lane," over the old address.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You regularly received all the goods that were intended for you? A. No, we never received this bale—I know that from its being at the wharf, and it is not entered in our stock-book—on the invoice it is put, "Received. H. R.," which was the initials of one of our clerks at that time—he is not here—he is in London—the goods consigned to us, as far as this document goes, were received—I do not remember anything about it, only by referring to the stock-book, and by the goods not having been sent out—if these goods had been sold, they were of a peculiar width, and would have been entered.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Were other goods consigned to you by the London? A. No—the goods were bought, but I am quite sure we have not had them—it is put on the invoice, "Received," but we never received the goods—this order is in the same form as ours, but the printing is not like ours.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. This invoice is marked as received, would that account for these things not being inquired about? A. Yes—I have referred to our stock-book to see if those goods have been received—if they had come they would have been sold, or be there now—they are neither in the sale-book nor stock-book.

COURT. Q. Did Mr. Hore ever send to tell you the goods were there?

A. No.

JURY
to
PETER HORE. Q. Did you ever send to tell Mr. Mellis that these goods were on your wharf? A. No, nor is it usual—the bale being under the mark, not consigned to any party, we do not know the consignee—it was marked "G. S. S. 7," and no consignee—we do not know to Whom to send it till there comes a description of the mark.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You would not know to whom to deliver it?


A. No, not till the order came, then we should compare the order with the sample-mark and the number on the bale—I know it was a similar mark to. Mellis's—many parties have the same mark—we did not know whose mark it was.





RICHARD WILLIAM PILGRIM
. I am a compositor ia, the empjoy of Mr. Stratford, a printer, Nassau-place, Commercial-road. I know; the prisoner Braham by sight, by doing a little business for him—this order is my printing—I printed it at the request of Braham the latter part of last summer—he gave me a document to do it by, which was filled in similar to this—he had the document back again when, he received his copies—I made twenty-five copies, printed the same as the document he gave me—I received instruction from him to follow the copy as nearly as I could—I deviated from his instruction in the size of the type.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Had you seen Braham before that?

A. No, never, to my recollection—I might have seen him—I have printed for Abrahams, but only trifling things—Braham has not come with orders from Abrahams—I am not a master printer, I am a compositor—I have been in my master's service three years—I am quite sure these were not printed for Abrahams—Braham ordered them to be printed; he came for them himself, and paid for them—he said nothing about Abrahams.





WILLIAM FRANCIS WARREN
. I am in the service of Barber and Co., Coleman-street. On the 22nd of Aug. we received a bale of goods—I should say Strange is the person who delivered it—he delivered me a note—I placed it in the usual place, and never saw it afterwards—I saw the bale opened—it contained common hessian cloth—it was a large bale, and was cut open at our door, being too large for the door-way—I saw the hessians taken out, and made into two packages—I did not attend more to them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Are Barber and Co. in the habit of having goods of the kind consigned to them? A. Yes, for packing—they are cloth-workers, packers, and pressers—I never know Abrahams—I have been there twelve months—I do not know that Mr. Abrahams was in the habit of consigning goods to our house—my attention has not been called to a. Mr. Abrahams till I heard it here—I read in the paper that a man of that name was tried and transported last Session—I took no interest in it—I do not know that it was a subject of conversation in our house—we pack for anybody we consider to be respectable—this bale came from somebody I do not know—we packed it, and kept it—I swear Abrahams did not have it away—I was not paid for it—that forms no part of my business—I saw the goods opened—I received them myself——I do not know from whom they came, nor what was paid for them—my duty is to attend to the counting-house and the customers out of doors—I saw this bale come to the door accidentally as I was just going in—I was not there when they were taken away.





JAMES HOOPER
. I am foreman to Messrs. Barber—I was not in the way on the 22nd of Aug. when this bale arrived—I saw it the next morning—it was then undone—I saw there were fifteen pieces of hessian—I saw a letter in the place where letters are kept—I did not read it—I had not expected any such goods—I did not superintend the repacking of them ls two bales—"BOC" was marked on the wrappers in which they were repacked—they were not new wrapper—the old wrapper was turned—on the Saturday morning I received a written paper—this is it (marked A)—it was brought by a lad—I cut off a part of one of the pieces of hessian, and gave it him—I have not seen the lad since to my knowledge—a carman came for the goods, but I did not see him—I saw the goods go out of the Warehouse—I sent Willam Birch to help to put the things in the cart.


Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. How long have you been in the employ of Barber and Co.? A. Five years—I did not know Abrahams—he was not in the habit of consigning goods to us—we never did packing or anything for him—I have seen him, but not at our warehouse—I have seen Mr. Barber and him speak together—Mr. Barber's partner came in, and said "Mr. Barber, there is an old friend of mine locked up"—he said he had robbed him of 16l., and if he had not had so much against him he should have come against him himself, if he had wanted anything to transport him—I never heard it spoken of but one morning, and then Warren was not in.





WILLIAM BIRCH
. I am servant to Messrs. Barber and Co.—on the 25th of Aug. I helped two bales into a cart—I did not know the carter, and I have not seen him since—I saw a note on one of the bales—I do not know what became of it.





GEORGE WILKINSON
. I am in the service of Mr. Canham, a warehouseman and auctioneer in Oxford-street, Mile-end—on the 25th of Aug. I received two bales of goods by a cart—I afterwards received a letter by post—I delivered out the bales from our place—I have not seen them since.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Did you know Abrahams? A. Yes—he was transported—(See Fourth Session, p. 593)—these bales were brought by a person named Clark—he said he came from Mr. Abrahams—Abrahams was a general broker and commission agent—he used to send goods at different times for sale—he had been in the habit of doing that the last two years to my knowledge—we did not sell these bales by auction—Abrahams paid five shillings for warehousing them—Mr. Clark brought them to our place, and next morning Abrahams came, and I said, "There are two bales come for you"—he said, "They belong to Mr. Clark"—I asked if they were for sale—he said, "Not at present; you are not to do anything more with them at present"—I never knew Abrahams to have clerks or servants.





JAMES ODELL
. I took those two bales to Mr. Carter's by the desire of Abrahams.





ROBERT CARTER
. I carry on business as a warehouseman at No. 16, Minories—I bought some hessians by a sample which was produced to me, about one-eighth of a yard—I bought it of Mr. Abrahams—that was the first transaction I had with him.





JAMES HOOPER

re-examined. The piece I cut off was about three-eighths of a yard.





EDWARD SMITH
. I am a warehouseman, and live in Queen-street, Cheapside—I have known Braham twelve months—I have had dealings with him, seen him write, and had frequent opportunities of seeing his handwriting—this letter is decidedly his writing, and I should say this note also.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Have you seen him write? A. Yes—in my office—I do not know Abrahams, and never did—(read, marked A)—"Aug. 23, Sir, Please to send by bearer half a yard of the wrappering you received yesterday; at the same time, the number of yards, and your charge; get them packed to-day, as I shall send for them to-day or on Monday,—JOHN CLARK."
"Sept. 1, 1845,—Sir, Mr. Abraham will call on you, and pay you your charge for warehousing those two bales I sent you; please to deliver the same to him,—JOHN CLARK."





JAMES CHRISTOPHER EVANS
. I am a police-inspector. On the 23rd of Aug. I was sent for to Hore's wharf, to make inquiries about a bale—I went into the counting-house, to Nicholls, and asked him to describe the man to whom he delivered the bale of goods—he said, "I did not take particular

notice; he was a man nearly as tall as myself"—I said, "How was he dressed?"—he said, "I don't know, he had a large coat on like mine"—Nicholls had a large fustian coat on—I asked if he took notice of the cart, or if he knew the colour of the horse or the cart—he said no he did not take particular notice of it—I received information, and came to Newgate, I saw Braham come out, and I took him—I said, "There was a bale of goods taken from Hore's wharf by a forged order; you are suspected of having forged that order"—he said, "I don't know what you are talking about; I don't know anybody at Hore's wharf"—at the station he said, "This is a malicious thing of Abrahams; he abused me when I went to Newgate; he has turned round upon me because I told the prosecutor that all the witnesses that came to give him a character were his own relations"—I went to Nicholls, and Mr. Hore gave him into custody—I told him we suspected he wrote the order on which these goods were obtained—he said, "I know nothing at all about it"—I got this wrapper from Mr. Carter's.





ROBERT CARTER

re-examined. This is the wrapper, to the best of my belief, that I received with the hessian; I gave 4 3/4 d. a yard for it, and sold it at 5 1/4





JAMES CHRISTOPHER EVANS

re-examined. Here is on this wrapper "B.O.C." and "G. S. S., 7."

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. What sort of a coat had Nicholls on? A. A paragon coat, but it was not so short as the one Strange has on—I did not compare the writing of the different clerks—I looked over one book.

MR. PARRY. Q. What information you received from Abrahams, you received after his conviction? A. Yes.

COURT. Q. Are you acting on your own judgment, after a conversation with: Abrahams? A. From my own judgment, after a conversation with Abrahams, and with Strange also.
(William Collins, a licensed victualler; and Martha Pullen, gave Braham a good character.)

NICHOLLS—


NOT GUILTY
.

BRAHAM—


GUILTY
. Aged 51.—


Transported for Seven Yean.

