



2948. 




JAMES LESTER
 was again indicted

 for obtaining by false pretences, of 



Elisabeth Fuller, 4s., with intent to cheat and defraud her of the same.






ELIZABETH FULLER
. I am a baker, at Harrow, and am a widow. About the 3rd of Aug., the prisoner came and told me he belonged to a new Court opened in the Strand, that it was a Sheriffs' Court to recover debts to any amount, and in any county—I asked if the people chose to go to prison instead of paying me, what I should have to pay—he said I should have to pay a deposit down, which he had to pay into Court, and that would clear me of all expences—I paid him 4s. for two bills—one of them was 12s. and the other was less—he said that that was a deposit which he had to pay into Court, or many people would be claiming debts that had not any owing them—I paid him the 4s. on the belief that he was a Sheriffs' officer, of this new Court in the Strand—he called upon me again, repeatedly, and I took out more orders—I paid him 1l. 14s. in the whole—on his calling afterwards, I refused to pay him any more on account of his neglecting to take out executions against two parties—he did not call again, and I never saw him any more—I got one debt by a post office order—the other people would not pay me—they said he was a swindler—I had asked him if that Court could recover a bill of 8l. or 10l.—he said, "Yes to any amount"—I should not have paid him any of this money if I had not believed the representations he made to me.


Prisoner. Q. You say I called on the 3rd of August, was it not on the 30th of July? A. No; I am certain it was on the 3rd of August—the first time I only requested you to get two debts—this paper (looking at one) is my writing—it appears that here are seven, but I only gave you two the first time—I did not offer to send the notices myself; of course I expected you to deliver them when I paid you for them—I cannot tell bow many times you called on me—you became quite troublesome at last—I never refused to pay you what you demanded—there were two or three parties who resided in town—those you never went near—I do not know where Foxwell and Wardle resided—you told me they resided in town—I authorized you to make these parties' money payable at Mr. Easter's, a livery-stable keeper, at the White Lion, to prevent their trouble in coming to me—Ambridge has not paid me any money—I never said I was satisfied—you said you could make them pay—you had been absent a fortnight when I gave Phillips instructions to take you—a person named Kidney was in my debt—I wrote to a person to employ a solicitor to get it—I was not dissatisfied with that solicitor—I said I believed he had forgotten it, and I gave it to you.

Q. Have you not arranged with that party, and are you not actually receiving money by instalments? A. No; he has not paid me a farthing—he came to me, and said he would make me the same offer that he did to the solicitor, to pay 4s. a month, but that you were a swindler, and he would have nothing to do with you—I did not say to you, "This solicitor has done nothing with that Kidney; I wish you to apply to him"—I had applied to Mr. Fulwood to employ a solicitor, and you said he had done nothing—I did not instruct you to write to a person named North; you wrote of your own head—I asked if you could obtain debts as far as Margate, and you said you could, you had officers in every county.

Q. Was there not a post-office order for it on the counter, and did you request me to write a receipt? A. No—I said I had a person there that I knew was in good circumstances—I said you should write, and I would ascertain where he lived, and you said, "We have officers in every county"—I sent my son to a neighbour to get the address, and before you came again I had received the money in an order; and I said, "I shall not want to trouble you again; I have received the money, but no expenses"—you said you would write to him to compel him to pay 3s. for expenses.





SARAH LYDIA FULLER
. I am the daughter of Elizabeth Fuller. I was present when the prisoner was with my mother about recovering some debts—he said he was a Sheriff's officer to a new Court in the Strand for collecting debts to any amount, and in any part of the country—he said they had officers in all parts of the country—he said he was paid from the Court, and what we paid him was the mere deposit that he had to pay into the Court—I saw my mother pay him, in different sums, 1l. 14s.—I was always present when she paid.

Prisoner. Q. How many debts did your mother give me to collect on the 3rd of August? A. Two—my mother's signature is to this paper, but she did not give you all these debts at one time—the per-centage you charged for 1l. 14s. was 2s.—above 8l. it was 10s.—here is one debt 19s. 11d.—she paid you 2s. for that—here is another at Watford, for that she paid 4s.





JOHN PHILLIPS
 (police-constable T 33.) I made inquiry about the Court to which the prisoner said he belonged, in the neighbourhood of the Strand—I was not able to discover anything of the kind in the Strand, or any new Court for the recovery of debts all over England.





WILLIAM HEMP
. I am an officer employed by the Sheriffs of Middlesex have been so for the last thirty-five years—I never heard of a Court in the

Strand for the recovery of debts all over England—I never saw the prisoner—if he is an officer, he must have been made one very lately.





JAMES ANDERTON
, Esq. I am the Under Sheriff. There is no Cout in the Strand for the recovery of small debts.

Prisoner's Defence. I called on Mrs. Fuller, on the 30th of July, and left a card, which merely stated, "Tradesmen's debts speedily collected, by application to John Lester, Edge ware-road."—Mrs. Fuller told me to call again and she gave me these debts due to her to collect; some in town and some in the country; one is in Hertfordshire; and if I were an officer of the Sheriff of London, it is not likely that I should attempt to collect debts in Hertfordshire; she asked me in what Court she could proceed; I said in any superior Court, but most likely they would be tried in the Sheriffs Court; I called several times, and she was satisfied, or she would not have given me others; I stated in the notices that I was authorized by the plaintiff, but not stating about any Court; there is not the slightest evidence of any fraud, but a mere matter of contract; she has shown a most malicious feeling in not acknowledging the receipt of this money from Margate; it is possible that I might have stated that I had been a special officer of various sheriff's courts, which I can prove by the warrants to me directed, but certainly not for Middlesex; there has not been a fair opportunity given me for collecting them, it being only seven or eight days from the last time I saw her, till I was apprehended.




GUILTY
. Aged 42.—


Transported for Seven Years.

