



331. 




HENRY LAWRENCE



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Lawrence, on the night of 
27th Aug., at 
St. George, Hanover-square, and stealing therein, 3 shawls, value 16s.; 1 cape, 13s.; and 3 shirts, 10s.; his goods.






JOHN LAWRENCE.
 I am a fishmonger, and live at 2, Motcomb-street, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square—the prisoner is my son—on 27th Aug., I went to bed a little after ten o'clock—I looked at my back kitchen window, it was secure—I came down about half-past five next morning—there was a square of glass broken in that window, and the fastenings were cut—it appeared as if somebody had got in through that window, and the doors were left open—three shirts and one shawl were gone from the front kitchen, and two shawls from the back kitchen—I had seen them safe at ten o'clock the night before—these produced are the shawls.

Prisoner. Q. Whose property is this? A. The three shawls belong to Miss Taylor, the shirts are mine.





HENRY ADAMS.
 I live at 45, Tothill-street, Westminster—the prisoner lodged with me—I found two duplicates in his bed-room—when we were going to bed in the evening, I asked him if he had lost any—he said he had—I told him I had picked them up and placed them on the mantel-piece—he wished me to preserve them for him—I afterwards gave them to the policeman,

Prisoner. I said I had lost some tickets, but I did not say what of.





JOSEPH ELY.
 I am assistant to a pawnbroker—I produce two shawls which were pawned with me—I cannot tell by whom—I have the ticket.





MARMADULE LIMAGE.
 I am a pawnbroker—I have one shawl pawned in the name of George Baker—I do not know by whom—I have the ticket.





ROBERT M'KENZIR
 (police-serjeant, B 5.) I produce two tickets which I received from Adams—they correspond with two produced by the pawnbrokers—they were pawned on 28th Aug.

Prisoner's Defence. I was never near the premises; I have no chance of having witnesses; they stopped my letters by my father's order I believe.

COURT
to
JOHN LAWRENCE.
Q. Did you order his letters to be stopped? A. No, he has been continually robbing me.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)




GUILTY. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

