



1674. 




RICHARD BRANDON
 was indicted

 for stealing, whilst employed in the Post-office, 13 post letters, the property of Her Majesty's Postmaster General.—2nd and 3rd COUNTS, for embezzling and secreting the said letters.— 4thCOUNT, for secreting the said letters for the purpose of cheating and defrauding 

Our Lady the Queen of the duties chargeable thereon.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM BOKENHAM.
 I am superintending president of the Inland-office of the Post-office. I remember the arrival of the Indian mail on the 23rd of June—when the letters are taken out of the bags they are divided into fifteen divisions, numbered from one to fifteen—the person who so divide are on one side of what is called the sorters' table; and on the other side are the sorters, who have the letters given to them to sub-sort them into walks——there is a sub-sorter to each division—they have lines on a board in front indicating the particular walks composing the division; and as they sort the letters they place them end-ways against the walk in which they run—it is the duty of the sub-sorter, when they have accumulated sufficiently, to place a blank docket in front of the parcel, and to hand the letters so placed, to the teller, who is at a table close by—the teller ascertains the amount of postage charged on the letters, and enters on the docket the total amount—each of those parcels is called a charge—they are taken from the teller with the docket, which contains the total amount of the postage of each charge, into the adjoining office, called the letter-carriers' office—the docket is then handed to the check-clerk, and at the same time the letters are put into boxes or compartments—on the docket being handed to the check-clerk, the letter-carrier, who belongs to the walk, looks at the letters so brought, and tells to the check-clerk the amount of the postage on them without having any previous knowledge of the docket—the letter-carrier is then called to receive the

charge if it is St. Mary Axe charge for instance, they would call out, "St. Mary Axe," and the letter-carrier would go and receive the latter—the letter-carrier has no means whatever of knowing the amount on the docket—he tells up the amount of the postage, and calls it over to the check-clerk immediately; and if it corresponds with the amount mentioned in the docket, then the letters are put in the letter-carrier's box for delivery—if the amount which the letter-carrier makes, corresponds with the entry on the docket, the docket is handed to the letter-carrier by the check-clerk, and the carrier places his initial upon it and restores it; he then takes the letters away to his own place—the check is then complete, and the revenue has nothing further to do with it—all he has then to do, is to bring back the money for the letter; he then has to go to the charge-taker—letters sometimes get mis-sorted in the course of this process; but that is arranged before the latter-carrier leaves; and those having been mis-sorted to his walk, and not belonging to him, are taken off the amount of money charged against him by the charge-taker—if any belonging to him are brought from another walk, the amount of that postage is added to his by the charge-taker—the balance so struck is the sum he is to bring back to the Post-office—if any letters remain in his possession mis-sorted, he has to deliver them after completing his own delivery, and would be punished if he did not—the amount of postage of these letters would be included in the charge—the prisoner was a letter-carrier of the ninth division, in which the St. Mary Axe walk is, No. 96—Gallin is the sorter of the ninth division, which would be the next to No. 10, the division at which Thacker, who was tried yesterday, was placed—I did not see the prisoner at his duty on the day in question—as he was going out with his letters he was stopped by my direction, from a communication that had been made to me, and was taken into Mr. Kelly's office—I afterwards saw him in my private room—the letters that he had to deliver were produced—I do not know whether the postage was told up in his presence.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. Are you speaking of the morning or the mid-day duty? A. The mid-day duty, the letter-carriers are then in a different office—I should say there are three times more person engaged in the morning than at mid-day—the mid-day duty occurs every day—the Indian mail does not arrive every day—when the Indian mail is connected with the mid-day duty more exertion is required; but I should say there is not more bustle—letters are taken about from one to the other in the same way in the morning—there may be bustle on both occasions; but I think not more at mid-day than in the morning—if one person had nothing particular to do he would be employed in some way other—I have heard since that an inspector sometimes tells a letter-currier to put over a charge to the teller—there are seats or desks at which the letter-carriers sometimes leave their letters while they go to some other part of the place—they are sometimes left for a long time—if letters not properly belonging to that seat are put on it, that could only be corrected by the letter-carrier sorting his letters—the seat is only a small desk for the letter-carrier to arrange his letters on—he cannot get his letters for his walk until they have been previously charged by the teller—when he gets them he frequently lays them down on his seat or desk, and goes away—if any other letters were put there in his absence he could only ascertain that by sorting the letters were put there finding, when he went to deliver them, that he had more.

COURT.
Q. Does that sometimes happen? A. No he must leave his

place or letters occasionally to fetch his second or third charge—if his letters are completely made up. it would be barely possible that he might leave them even then, being called by the president, or go for a registered letter, or for some purpose or other—he sets the letters himself—he commences sorting his letters as soon as he receives his first charge—he cannot finish it till he has got them all—he then should go out for delivery—a certain time is allowed, and then a bell rings.

MR. PAYNE.
Q. When the bell rings, he must go at once? A. Yes, whether he has times to sort his letters or not—after going out he would not be able to set right any mistake till next day—at the time the prisoner was called into Mr. Kelly's room, two clerks reported to me that they had told his letters up—I heard that Mr. Cook, the inspector, had also told them up, and Mr. Brodie afterwards—Mr. Brodie and Mr. Cook made a difference in the amount of their telling, but I do not know what—when I found they differed, I requested Mr. Brodie to be very particular, and also told another clerk to take it—the telling is a mental operation—it is a very rapid business—when they amount to 1l., they are put up together, and the odd pence are carried on to the next—it is written down to help the recollection—it is all matter of recollection until they come to the end—Mr. Cook is not here, that I am aware of—Mr. Brodie will be able to state how much the difference was between him and Mr. Cook—he told me the difference, but what it was I do not know—there is a paper called the president's docket, on which allowances are made and charges added—if there were more or fewer letters than there ought to be in a man's possession, he would come next day and explain it, and it would be set right in the president's paper of next day; but I never heard of such a transaction—if you are charged 2s. too much, you take it back to the letter-carrier, and he will take it to the president, and he will allow you 2s. on the dockt—if any mistake does occur, it must be corrected next day on the president's paper; but I never heard of one—if a man carried out more letters than he ought, and came back and said, "I have carried out more," that would be correct.

COURT.
Q. If some person, with a wicked motive, put some letters on a man's desk, inducing him to believe they were there before, and he went away with them, it must be set right by the president's paper? A. Undoubtedly—the man would come to the president, and say, "I received 15s. more than my charge yesterday; I had some letters put by some person, with an evil design, on my desk, and here are the 15s.," that would be the way in which it would be set right—they must have been letters not charged, or else the other person who put them there would have it, or else the revenue would get 15s. more than it ought—I never heard of such a circumstance in my experience, and I sometimes have to attend to these president's papers.

MR. PAYNE.
Q. The Indian mail letters would require a smaller number to make up an amount, than common letters? A. Undoubtedly—the lowest charge is 1s. 10d.—there were some twopenny letters—they were inland letters which he had to deliver as well—I have seen Indian letters charged 100l. or 200l., which a man could carry out with ease, or 500l.—it need not be very large—the French post charge by the quarter of an ounce weight.

MR. BODKIN.
Q. Supposing when the letter-carrier comes, and tells up the amount of postage on the letters he is to deliver, and the sum he calls out does not correspond with what the check-clerk has on the docket, what is done? A. Another clerk is called to re-tell those letters, and to decide between them—if he makes the amount the same as the latter-carrier, that amount is taken; if it is the same as the teller, the teller's amount is taken.


COURT
Q. If neither one or the other is taken? A. Then it is gone through again, and when two calculations agree, it is taken—supposing the teller is 4l., and the clerk at the counter 4l. 10s., and the clerk called in 4l. 6s., he would count them up till he made it either 4l. 10s. or 4l. 6s.—he would ascertain what the right amount was, and so alter the docket—that would be settled before the letters were taken away by the letter-carrier—the re-teller would alter the docket, and the check-clerk his book, before the letters are allowed to leave.

MR. BODKIN.
Q Then the effect would be, that the letter-carrier would only be charged with the sum that the inspector found was the proper sum? A. Yes—if the carrier had 1l. worth of letters more than was counted in his charge, there must have been a mistake in the first place made in the amount by the teller and letter-carrier, or some person must have put the letters there to make him a present of 1l., that he would get by the postage.





EDWARD CHURCHILL.
 On the 23rd of June I was acting as a teller at the General Post Office, when the Indian mail was being sorted—I remember telling up the amount of postage for the ninth division—I sent it in in the usual way, with the docket containing the amount—this is the docket—the amount is 5l. 7s. 8d—it is the docket for walk No. 96—I believe that was the first charge—it has the letter A at the top.

Cross-examined. Q. Can you tell how many letters that would contain? A No, I cannot.





JOHN HINTON.
 I was acting as teller on the 23rd of June, when the Indian mail arrived—I told one of the charges for No. 96 walk, ninth division—this is the docket—the amount is 4l. 16s. 3d.—that docket would be sent, with the letters to which it refers, to the letter-carriers' office.

COURT.
Q. What letters are on the top of it? A. It is a private mark, (B)—I do not know who made it—it does not mean that it was the second charge for the day.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe it is impossible to say who the person is that takes the letters and docket away after you have told them up; is it a messenger sometimes? A. Generally speaking, there is a person employed for the purpose—I cannot say who took these letters—it would be the duty of the messenger to take them, and put them into the letter-carrier's box; and the letter-carrier, when called, would go and find the letters there—he has nothing to do with putting them into the box.





THOMAS TURNER.
 I was acting as teller on the 23rd of June, at the General Post Office—I made up a charge for the ninth division, the St. Mary Axe walk—it amounted to 1l. 6s. 0d.—that docket went, with the letters to which it refers, to the letter-carriers' office.





WILLIAN HILLMER.
 On the arrival of the Indian mail, on the 23rd of June last, I acted as check-clerk in the letter-carriers' office—the three Charges on that day for the St. Mary Axe district, No. 96, were 5l. 7s. 8d., 4l. 16s. 3d. and 1l. 6s.—it would be the course of the office to call for the carrier of the St. Mary Axe district, to receive his calculation of these three charges—on that occasion I received a calculation of the letter-carrier for that district—it corresponded with these three sums—he reported the amounts right, and I cast them up—they came to 11l. 9s. 11d.—I know they agree, by looking at the initials, and by this paper too—they all three bear the letter-carrier's initials, signifying that they are perfect—the initials look like W.B.—they are in pencil, and are done very fast.

Cross-examined. Q. Are the figures denoting the postage on the letters

done very fast too? A. It is done quickly—it depends on the experience of the officer—they are written with considerable rapidity—is done generally thirty or forty yards from where they are told—there is no mark put on them at the places where they come from—the clerk who taxes the postage puts a mark on them corresponding with the sum to be paid.

MR. BOKENHAM
re-examined. There are several clerks called taxing-clerk.





WILLIAM HILLMER

re-examined. The first operation is putting the postage on—it is done sometimes badly and sometimes clearly—an experienced officer would do it more leisurely—they sometimes flourish, and make 1s. 10d. look like 2s. 8d.

MR. CLARKSON.
Q. The course of the office is, that the letter-carrier comes to you, casts up the amount of the three parcels of letters that he is to carry, and gives you from his own mouth the amount? A. That is right—he gives the amount of each charge separately, the result of his own calculation.





THOMAS BENWELL.
 On the 23rd of June I was charge-taker of the ninth division—this is my book, the amount of charge to the carrier to the St. Mary Axe walk on that day, No.96, is 11l. 9s. 11d.—I do not know what it consists of—I only take the sum total in the book—I take it from documents he produces to me—if there has been any mis-sorting, it would be set to rights in this book—there was on that day 9s. 6d. mis-sorted to the St. Mary Axe walk—that was taken off his amount—there were letters for other walks that were mis-sorted there—they amounted to 3d. and 2s. 3d.—I subtracted 3d. and 2s. 3d. and allowed him 9s. 6d.—that is done with the letter-carrier just before he leaves of the purpose of delivering his letters—he has generally got his letters set for delivery before he comes to me, as many as he can get set at the time.

COURT.
Q. How is it done? A. The mis-sorted letters are brought to me, I tell them up to see if the amount is correct, and allow it to him in this book—I keep them myself, and throw them off into the different walks they belong to—those that come from others to him, I deliver to him after entering the amount in this book—he checks the amount of the letters himself.

Cross-examined. Q. And supposing the bell to ring directly after that, he would be obliged to go away, whether he had had time to sort them or not? A. He would.

COURT.
Q. We sometimes see a postman sorting as he goes along? A. It is a very inconvenient way.

MR. PAYNE.
Q. You have known instances where they have been obliged to go into a public-house to get it done? A. I have heard of it.





JAMES BRODIE.
 I was on duty on the 23rd of June last, and saw the prisoner in Mr. Kelly's room, after the duty had been performed—I think it was then close on three o'clock—I cannot state the time exactly—I asked the prisoner for his letters, and he pointed to some lying on the table—I transferred them to another table, and told up the postage—I think I told them three times—I made the amount, after the third telling, 12l. 12s. 8d.—I made it that amount twice—I did not make it the same in the first instance—I think it might be a few shillings different—I did not at that time mention the amount to the prisoner—I asked for his amount of charges—he produced this paper—the amount of his charges appears here to be 11l. 2s. 11d., which I took down at the time—it shows the allowance and additions, as

well as the amount of three charges—he produced it to me as being the amount of his charges—I then stated to Mr. Bokenham the difference, and he desired me to have the prisoner brought into his private room—if he had gone away with the letters that were produced to me as his, he would have had the opportunity of putting 1l. 9s. 9d., the difference, into his pocket—when he got into Mr. Bokenham's room, he was called on to explain how he got possession of the difference in postage—he said be could not account for it; that he did not know that he had any surplus of letters in his possession—he might have said something about somebody putting letters on his table—I am not quite certain—the letters were all for hi walk—a list of the letters was afterwards made out by myself, and two of the inspectors—there were eighty-one letters and sixty-five newspapers—the postage of those amounted to 12l. 12s. 8d.—sixty-eight of the letters and fifty of newspapers would amount to 11l. 2s. 11d.—I believe they all belong to his walk—thirteen letters and fifteen newspapers would be left—1l. 9s. 9d. would be postage of those—newspapers are charged.

COURT.
Q. Do you know what was the highest amount of any charge? A. (referring to the list) There is 13s. 6d. on one letter, none higher than that—be was taken into custody.

MR. PAYNE.
Q. Will you explain any difference that there was in the calculation between you and Mr. Cook? A. Mr. Cook was telling the letters when I entered the room, and he reported an amount to me which I think was about 1l. less than I eventually made them—I instantly stated the case to Mr. Bokenham—Mr. Cook had told me then he had made about 10s. difference between Brandan's telling and his—this was before I had asked Brandan for his amount—that induced me to do so—I did not hear from Mr. Cook whether he had competed his calculation—I went to Mr. Bekenham, and told him the circumstances.

COURT.
Q. Did you and Mr. Cook go over the counting again? A. No, we did not—I did it myself; but I afterwards understood from Cook that he had not told the whole of the letters—that was after the prisoner had been stopped.





THOMAS BURGESS COOK.
 I am in employment of the post-office, as an assistant-inspector. I remember the prisoner being detained as he was going out of the letters on the 23rd of June—I was requested to tell the charge of those letters, and they were put down on my desk—I told a portion of them, and mentioned the amount to Mr. Brodie—I forgot the amount now—I had not told the whole of them—when I found Mr. Brodie was telling the charge I took no more notice of it—I left it to him—there was one bundle I had not told—I had told him the amount I had made, supposing he would add the untied bundle to it—the bundle I told was 10s. and some odd pence more than Brandan had made the whole of the letters amount to—I think I counted four bundles—I am not positive—there were four or five altogether—I counted all but one, and made it 10s. more than Brandan had made it.





RICHARD GALLIN.
 On the 23rd of June I was acting as a sub-sorter for the 9th division, sorting the letters that arrived by the Indian mail—I remember the prisoner being on duty that day as a letter-carrier of walk No. 96, the St. Mary Axe walk—I sorted the letters, and handed them to the teller in the usual way—I think the teller's table was five or six feet from me—I had occasion several times at the commencement of the duty to leave the table for

a minute or two—the duty began at half-past eleven o'clock, or twenty minutes to twelve—the man Thacker was at my right—on the investigation of these matters, the authorities of the Post-office thought fit to suspend me and I have since been restored.

COURT.
Q. While you were at your table could any one have taken letter without your knowing it? A. No; if letters were taken it must have been while I was a way—I went away four or five times during the first ten minutes of the duty to collect letters from the other sorters, the general sorters—I collect all the letters belonging to the 9th division—last time I left was ten minutes after the commencement of the duty—I should think I had sorted a good many letters in that time, and I should say there was a considerable number for the St. Mary Axe walk—there might be as many as thirteen letters taken away—they might have been taken away and I not miss them—when I sort the letters I stand them on end, so that a person could get hold of them—we have fourteen walks—the letters that we have to sort are laid before us on the table—we sort them, and put them up against a ledge before us—if a person took away thirteen letters off the 96th walk, he must have taken them after they were sorted by me, or else he must have taken the trouble of standing and sorting them—that would be sure to attract notice—if a man took them without my knowledge it must have been after I had sorted them—we go or sorting the letters till they get rather inconvenient, and then we hand them to a teller—thirteen or fourteen letters would not be missed from a large charge—I have nothing to do with newspapers.

MR. BODKIN.
Q. Some newspapers come by the Indian mail, and have postage charged on them? A. Yes—I did not sort them that day.





JOHN PLAYLE.
 I am an assistant inspector of letter-carriers, and was or duty on the 23rd of June in the Inland-office—I cannot myself speak as to any duty which the prisoner had to perform that day in the Inland-office—whether he had any or not I do not know—I saw him there shortly after twelve o'clock—I say him pass down behind the sorters Thacker and Gallin—Thacker was sorter of the tenth division, and Gallin of the ninth—he apappeared to be walking slowly as if having nothing to do—he made a very slight halt behind Gallin—that was shortly after twelve o'clock—Gallin was there sorting—the sorting had been going on about half on hour—perhaps it took nearly an hour altogether—I was not watching the prisoner—I merely observed this—I did not notice whether Gallin left his sorting-table after this,

COURT.
Q. Who had divisions No 7 and 8 that day? A. I cannot say—a messenger generally collects the letters for the sub-sorter, but if a sorter is not supplied he would go himself for them.

Cross-examined. Q. How long has the prisoner been in the Post-office? A. About thirteen years.





RICHARD GALLIN

re-examined. A man named Hollows was sorting in No. 7—I cannot say who was sorting in No. 8.





WILLIS CLARE.
 I am an assistant inspector of letter-carriers. On the 23rd of June, at the time the letters which arrived by the Indian-mail were being sorted, the prisoner had no duty or business to be in the Inland-office.

Cross-examined. Q. Has it not been the practice for him to be in the Inland-office, to take stamped letters from the openers of bags to the stampers? A. Not for the Indian mail, nor for other letters at the time the Indian mail is in—his duty at the mid-day mail is, after the Indian mail is disposed of, to put the paid letters over—it is not duty to go out with the Indian mail—he goes out with the mid-day letters, which is after the Indian mail is

over—it would be his duty to assist in the mid-day mail—that would take place when the mid-day mail arrived—it arrived soon after the Indian mail on the day in question—it does not always do so, but the letters arriving by the Indian mail are sorted at one end of the office, and those arriving by the mid-day mail at the other—when the mid-day mail commences, his regular duty would be to take letters from the openers of bags to the stampers.
(Mr. George Lawrence, merchant, Bury-court, St. Mary Axe, who had known the prisoner ten years, deposed to his good character.)




GUILTY

on the 4th Count. Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Justice Maule.

