



328. 




WILLIAM EVANS
 was indicted

 for stealing 36 pairs of gloves, value 28s.; 24 pairs of socks, 11s.; 144 pairs of stockings, 5l. 4s.; 36 nightcaps, 13s.; 24 handkerchiefs, 18s.; 6 woollen waistcoats, 22s.; 36 web-belts, 16s.; 36 boxes of pins, 5s.; 12 papers of pins, 4s.; 6 lbs. weight of thread, 17s.; 2 lbs. weight of cotton, 2s. 5d.; 8 gross of buttons, 6s.; 2 lbs. weight of hairpins, 1s.; 1 yard of canvass, 1s.; 72 yards of gimp, 2s.; and 576 yards of braid, 8s.; the goods of 



Thomas King.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM STANFIELD
. I am in the service of Morrison, Dillon, and Co. On the 27th of Nov., I packed up a bale of goods—I can swear this wrapper (looking at it) is what I packed them in—here is a mark on the corner—there were in it hosiery, gloves, some cambric handkerchiefs, haberdashery, socks, stockings, web-belts, pins, and thread—they were packed in tins bale—it was put into the cart of Morrison and Co., and taken to the Queen's Head, in the Borough.





WILLIAM JUDD
. I am carman to Mr. Thomas King, of Croydon, in Surrey—he is a carrier. On Tuesday, the 1st of Dec, I received this bale from the Queen's Head, Borough—I put it into my cart, and was going down to Croydon—when I got near Brixton church, I overtook a young man—he got into conversation with me; and when we got to the White Horse, he said he was going to have half-a-pint of beer, and asked me to have some—while we were there, Spong came, and gave me information—I went out, and missed this bale of goods out of the cart—I did not see any person near there—I heard a cab going down the road—it was about eight o'clock at night—as soon as the man who went in with me heard what Spong said, he followed me out, and said, "What is the matter?"—Spong said the cart had been robbed—he said, "You don't say so"—Spong said, "Yes"—he said, "Come

on, we shall overtake them before they get to the church"—we all three ran on; and the man being rather faster on the foot, outran us, and I never saw him again—I did not notice the prisoner when I went into the public-house.





DAVID SPONG
. I lodge at the White Horse, at Brixton. On that night I saw a cart pull up at the White Horse—Stanfield and another man went into the public-house—I was crossing, and saw a cab turn round, facing the can—the cab was coming from London, and it turned round; and as I was coming from the farrier's shop, I saw two men with a bale of goods in their hands, and they put it into the cab—the two men went in, and another man came across from the other side, he ran after the cab, and they all went off together—I could not say that the prisoner was the man who was driving the cab—I only saw the back of the driver—I went into the public-house, and said the cart had been robbed—I then went to Acre-lane—I saw the horn-patrol, and gave information—we went on to Camberwell-green, and found the cab had come back to Brixton station, and found the prisoner in custody.





WILLIAM MARSH
 (police-constable P 240.) On Tuesday night, the lit of Dec., I was on duty as mounted patrol, at Brixton—in consequence of information, I went in pursuit of a cab—I stopped a cab at Camberwell-green—the prisoner was driving it—I did not follow in the direction of the cab—the first I saw of it was when I got near Camberwell-green—I stopped the prisoner, and asked if he had any passengers inside—he said, "No"—I asked if he had any property inside—he said, "No"—I looked inside, and saw this bale of goods which I now produce—I then asked where the three men were that were in company with him—he said they had got out, and were coming in the direction of the Camberwell New-road—I gave him into custody, and went down Camberwell New-road—I met three men—I asked them to wait a few minutes, till a cab came up—they waited a few minutes, and when the cab came in sight they ran away—I stopped one of them, named Jones—I found on him a false key—the prisoner said he was to drive the goods to the Elephant and Castle, and wait there till those three persons came.

COURT
to
DAVID SPONO. Q. Yow saw a bale put into the cab? A. Yes, by two short men—the driver was looking at them all the time the goods were put into the cab—the cab was turned round facing the White Horse—it had been brought in one direction, and turned round and returned—the driver had his head round—I did not see his face sufficiently to know him—it was at eight o'clock at night.

Prisoner, I beg your pardon, I was not looking round, I was looking another way.





STEPHEN HARRIS
 (police sergeant P 49.) I was on duty at Camberwell-green—I saw the cab detained by Marsh—I took charge of it and the prisoner—I asked him the description of the three men, and he gave a description of them—we went in pursuit down the Camberwell-road, and when we got opposite Fryer's nursery, he said there was a shed down there, and that the bale was put in there.

COURT. Q. How far is that from where the cart stopped? A. I should say two miles—the prisoner said the bale was put in by three men; he was coming along the road, and they called him, and put it into the cab—I saw Jones running away—Marsh took him—I heard Jones say to the prisoner "You recollect where the wheels went in."





WILLIAM JESSE
 (police-constable P 138.) I was at the station-house when the prisoner and Jones were brought there—I searched the cab, and found this life-preserver in it—Marsh being a young constable, I did not feel satisfied with his searching them—I requested him to search them more minutely—Jones seemed reluctant to be searched over again, and the prisoner said, "Go ahead, Bill, never mind"—when Jones was searched more minutely a skeleton key was found on him.


Prisoner. It is quite false what the policeman has asserted about my speaking to Jones.





WILLIAM MARSH

re-examined. I have been to the Registrar's-office, and find the address the prisoner gave for the number of the cab is fictitious—this license was found on the prisoner, with the address "No. 31, Wick ham-street, Vauxhall"—I went there, and he was not known there—I saw the party who rents the house.

Prisoner's Defence, The people moved away, and I moved likewise; I was hired by a man who took me up to Kennington-cross; I was returning back, and he looked out of the window, and saw two other men; he told me to. stop; he went and spoke to them; I asked for my fare; he told me to follow him, and he would make it all right; I followed him to the White Horse, and he told me to turn round; I was going on, and they brought the bale to the cab; one man got in, the other got outside, and the man running by the side told me to drive down Coal Harbour-lane; the man running by the side told me to follow him; we went down Camberwell New-road; they got out, and told me to go to the Elephant and Castle; my suspicions were then excited, and my intention was to go to the station-house and give the bale into custody; before I got to the corner the patrol stopped me.

COURT
to
WILLIAM JESSE. Q. How far is the place where the bale was put into the cab from the White Horse? A. The place where Spong describes it was put in is about fifty yards—the cab was on the other side of the road, nearly opposite Raleigh-lodge, a very dark part of the road—the prisoner had driven by two station-houses before the patrol stopped him.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

