



730. 




JAMES SULLIVAN
 was indicted

 for stealing one watch, value 3l.; 1 watch-chain, 6d.; and 3 watch-keys, 6d.; the goods of 



John Thomas, from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN THOMAS
. I live in School-house-lane, Ratcliff—I am a brush-maker—between eight and nine in the morning, on the 17th of Feb., I was in the Ship public-house, at the corner of Vinegar-lane—the prisoner was there—I came outside—he followed me out, and said, "Old fellow, you are not going yet"—with that I gave him a half look, and in a moment my watch was taken out of my pocket—he ran off with it, and I followed him through some dry arches of the Blackwall Railway—I never lost sight of him—I saw him caught by Valler—when he was taken, he brought the watch from under his jacket-sleeve, threw it as high as he could, and it lodged on the top of a house—a ladder was brought, and the watch was got from there—it broke the glass and the works too—this is my watch.

Prisoner. He asked me to come and have some porter, and we tossed—I won several pots of ale of him, and we were drinking. Witness. I will speak the truth, and nothing but the truth—I did not like your appearance, and I would not speak to you—there was one very respectable man there.





JOHN VALLER
. I live in Farnham-place, Ratcliff—on the morning of the 17th of Feb. I heard a cry of "Stop thief!" at the corner of James-street—I stopped the prisoner—he pulled the watch from under his sleeve, and chucked it on the top'of a house—I sent for a ladder and got it.





WILLIAM LEE
. I am the street-keeper of Ratcliffe. I took the prisoner, and received the watch.

Prisoner. I never took the watch out of his pocket; he gave it to me ater he had spent all his money; I was going away, and he called, "Stop thief!"






JOHN THOMAS

re-examined. Of course, I called "Stop thief!" but run he would—I was not intoxicated—I did not give him my watch.





THOMAS JOHN BLAKE
 (police-constable K 137.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted 16th June, 1845, and confined three months)—I was at his trial—he is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

