



1772. 



NICHOLAS FOSTER
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



Ellen Foster, on the 
13th of June, and cutting and wounding her in and upon the neck, throat, and chin, with intent feloniously, wilfully, and of his malice aforethought, to kill and murder her.—2nd COUNT, stating his intent be to maim and disable her.—3rd COUNT. stating it to be to do her some grievous bodily harm.

(The prosecutrix did not appear.)





MARIA FAIR
. I live at No. 1, Back's-rents, Rosemary-lane—the prisoner and his wife took my room for a week on Saturday night—it was the middle room on the first floor—they had been there a week. On Monday, the 13th of June, about a quarter to one o'clock at night, I was waiting to fasten the door—the prisoner and his wife came in—the prisoner told his wife to ask me to drink—he had a pot of beer in his hand—I refused drinking with them—they both drank, and when they drank the pot out nearly they asked me to drink again—I flung it away, and would not drink any more—they asked me to have the kindness to fetch another pot—I went and fetched it, as they said they would go to bed, but they would not go to bed till they drank it—he went out himself and got another pot in, and gave it in at the middle room window to his wife—I fastened my door, and went to bed—after that I heard them fighting—he was beating her, and she was falling on the floor—I did not hear him say anything then—I called out at the foot of the stairs, told them to get a fresh place to-morrow, they would not do for me, and he was not to murder her, for it was high time to be in bed and asleep—he said he was not murdering his wife—I said he was murdering her, or he would not be beating her about as he was—he said he was not murdering her—I went to my bed again—he afterwards came down, and said, "O, mistress, are You in bed? come up and see what I have done"—I went up, and he put a hot egg into my hand—I let it fall on the table, (and I think the eggs were dressed from the time of my calling out at the foot of the stairs and my going up—I let the egg fall on the table)—he said, "Now the b—y w—e won't eat the egg after I have dressed it"—I then went to her, and asked her what was the reason—she said, "I don't know, I cannot"—he directly said to her, "Have I struck You?"—she said "No," but she turned her head round, and showed me her face, where he had hurt her—she had a black eye—she had one before he cut her, but this was the other eye—he then said, "Now I have a witness, I will take Your b—y brains out"—I said he should not, but, unawares to me, he up with his fist, knocked her backwards on the bed, and after that I received many blows myself, in keeping him from hurting her—when he found I would not let him hurt her, he knelt down on his two knees, put his hands up, and said, God strike him dead and d—d if he would touch her any more, if I would go down to my

bed—I then shook hands with them both, called them good souls, and persuaded them to go to bed—in about a quarter of an hour she hallooed out, "Don't murder me, I will be good," and then she came running down, stairs, and said he had cut her throat with a razor—I found she was wounded in the throat—part of her throat and chin—we were in a gush of blood, both she and me—I caught bold of her, and supported her—we could not open the door to let the policeman in—I was supporting her against the front door—after that my husband came out—I shifted her feet to the door—I opened the door, and let the constable in—he went up stairs and took the prisoner—his wife was very bad—I thought she was dead myself—her name is Ellen.





JOHN FAIR
. On the 13th of June I saw the prisoner come to the house with his wife—they were sober then—I did not see the beer fetched—the woman came down stain bleeding very violently all round the neck very much indeed, and her neck was cut—we got her into the room, and the policeman came—I asked the prisoner what the meaning was, what he did it for—he said, "It was this knife I did it with," showing me a case-knife.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not tell You at the time it was through accident? Witness. No.

Prisoner. I had the knife in my hand, she sat at the end of the bed, sprang out, and laid hold of me.





PIERCE DRISCOLL
. I am a policeman. I was called in, and took the prisoner—I took the knife and a razor from the shelf—the woman told me where to find the razor, that it was on the mantel-piece, and the prisoner said it was the only razor in the house, and showed me where it was—I did not see any stain of blood on it—he had bail plenty of time to clean it—he said he did it with the knife, but the blade of the knife was all battered—he could not have done it with that.

Prisoner. Q. When You came up You asked how I came to cut her? Witness. No—she said in his presence, "You cut my throat with the razor"—he said, "Nelly, are You going to shame me at last?"

Prisoner. I said it was through accident, I did it with the knife. Witness. He did not say anything about accident—he said he had no razor—that was all he said.





FARQUHAR MILNE
. I am a surgeon. I saw the woman at the hospital the morning after she was brought in—she had a very clean wound, about three inches in length, and one-sixth or one-eighth of an inch deep—it was in an oblique direction, along the upper part of the neck—if it had been deep enough, it would have been very dangerous—she would not stop in the hospital more than a day, and left on Wednesday morning—it is impossible the wound could have been made with this knife—I should imagine it to have been made with a razor—it was a clean cut, such as a razor would make.

Prisoner's Defence. I came home that evening from work, and sat down to supper; I asked my wife to go out with me; we went out together, and had three or four glasses of gin and a drop of beer before we left the public-house; she bought some eggs, and brought them home; I desired her to get them ready; she had no fire; I said I would go and get some wood; she got some herself; I took the eggs up, and commenced eating them; she had had none, and began to speak very roughly to me, on account of having the eggs boiled too much;

I never struck her; she was in the habit of raising her hand to me very often; she fell into a fury, and that was the report the people heard; I got her to sit down; she would not go to bed; I asked her to go several times; I gave her one egg; she took and smashed it to pieces at my side; I gave her another, and she would not have it; I was in the act of taking the top off another one with a knife; she sprang out on me, and having the knife in my hand, she caught against it by her neck; that is as true as the Almighty is true; I never thought of inflicting a wound on her it all; it is the first time I have been in this situation.




GUILTY on the 3rd Count.—



Transported for Fifteen Years.
