



1059. 




MARIA HODGES



, feloniously cutting and wounding 





Benjamin Wenman, on his right temple, with intent to kill and murder him: 2nd COUNT, to do him some grievous bodily harm.



MR. CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.






BENJAMIN WENMAN.
 I am a painter and glazier, at 8, Gun-square, Houndsditch. I am twenty-four years old, and have known the prisoner about three months—she went into service a few weeks before March—she came to my mother's, where I live, on Monday, 6th March, and asked me to go out for a walk—we went, and passed the night at 7, Angle-alley, Whitechapel, and she spent the whole of Tuesday with me, and we passed the following night there—we had no words—she had not left place—on the Wednesday evening we were in a public-house, in Bishopsgate-street, and had two pints of porter—she fetched a half-quartern of rum from the bar—I did not send her for it—she gave me a glass of it, which I drank, and found it a scorching heat—it burnt my tongue and throat, and caused me to vomit—I complained to the landlord—he drew me a small quantity of the same rum, as he said—I drank it, and found it quite different—I was sick after drinking what the landlord gave me—the prisoner did not drink any of the run she brought me, she put the glass to her lips—when I returned to the tap-room, after I had vomited, there was some left, which I passed to some people in the tap-room—they tasted it, and said it was a scorching heat, and burnt their tongues—I told her if she did anything to harm me I would make her pay for it severely—she said, "Do you think I would hurt you, dear Benjamin"—we slept at the same lodging—we had no dispute—I awoke about half-past four o'clock, next morning—the prisoner was then by my side in bed—I went to sleep again, and awoke just before six, and wanted to get up as I had work to do—she persuaded me to lay down for another half hour—I did so, and fell asleep—I was awoke by a sharp blow on the right temple—I started up, and found her kneeling on the bed, with her hand on the hair of my head—she again attempted to stab me with a penknife—I seized her right hand, and struggled with her, and got out of bed, and got it—she got out of the room—I was bleeding very much—she held the door—I pulled it open—she ran down stairs—I gave an alarm—a policeman came—I was taken to the London Hospital, where I was about a week.

Prisoner. I fetched the rum myself, as I did not wish him to know what money I had; he was always asking me for money; I sipped some of the rum myself, and spit it out directly. Witness. She did not—she said the stuff must have been in the measure, for she had none about her—I was not in the habit of obtaining money from her—I did not give her any—I was in work at the time.

Prisoner. I stabbed him with intent to hurt him, but not to take his life.





JOHN ROSS
(policeman, H 50.) On 9th March, about a quarter-past seven o'clock in the morning, I was called to the house, in Anglealley—I found Wenman bleeding very much from the head—I went up stairs, and found the prisoner on the top floor, standing by the bed side, partly underssed—I told her the charge—she said she did not care, she would be satisfied to be hanged for him—she pointed out a knife in the bed, and said, "There is the knife lying in the bed, and the other part of the blade, I think, is in his forehead, for I cannot find it"—I could not find the other part—there was a good deal of blood in the bed and on the stairs—as I took her to the station, she said they had had a quarrel in bed that morning, and she told him she was in the family way by him, and he replied, that if she was, it was none of his; that he would do nothing for her or the child; that she might do what she could for it.






BENJAMIN WENMAN

re-examined. There had been no dispute between us about her being with child at any time—there had been no unkind words between us the night before—I did not tell her she must provide for the child—she had never told me that she was with child—she had been in no place where I had been on terms of intimacy with her, and so caused her to lose her situation—she did not complain to me of that—I had been to her at that situation—she had been in a place before this, which she left on the Monday night; I kept company with her there—I do not know how she lost that place—I had no conversation with her about it in those three days—she told me she left her last place because, instead of coming down to call the waiters to their supper she range a bell, and her mistress told her she ought to know better—she did not lose it on account of my visiting her—she lodged at my mother's for a week.





WILLIAM PEARCE
 (policeman, H 154.) The prisoner asked me at the station if the knife was found in his head or underneath the ear—I said I did not know—she said she was very sorry, and said, if it had been under the ear, she supposed it would have done for him quickly—I had told her where the wound was—she said she had known him four or five months, that he had had connection with her, and that after a short time she told him she was in the family way, and after that he proved quite different to her, and said she must go and find another father for it, for he would not—she said he had been out of work five or six weeks, and she had supported him a great portion of that time; and that night, going to the lodging, she had only 18d., and she paid that for the bed—the next morning they* * *, that she had not a farthing in her pocket, that he turned round at her with a sort of sneer, that she did not know what to do, and therefore she inflicted the wound; that her intention was to have done for him, as he was so unfeeling to her; that he ill-used her; that he had very often jeered her, and d—d, and he had said things which it did not become her to talk about to a decent person.





HENRY JAMES WORDSWORTH WELCH.
 I am house-surgeon at the London hospital. On the morning of 9th March, Wenman was brought there—I found an incised wound on his temple, about three-quarters of an inch deep—the blade of a penknife would have caused it—the temporal artery was cut through—I probed for a portion of the blade, but did not find it—he was extremely faint from loss of blood—he was a week in the hospital.





JOHN ROSS

re-examined. I heard the prisoner make a statement before the Magistrate, which was taken down, and I saw her and the Magistrate sign it—(read—The prisoner says,—"I shall like to tell the cause of this; I left my place on Monday night, and he asked me what I was going to do; I said I did not know; I asked him if he could tell me of a lodging; he said, 'No, not that night;' we were together that night, and last night the same; he wished me to get a lodging, and I said I would; he said I should not come to his mother's, and told me it did not matter what I suffered, because he should not look on me himself; he got me out of my last situstion, and that has troubled my mind much; I staid with his mother a week, and caught a complaint from them they call the itch; I said to him last night, I was very unhappy, and did not care how soon I was out of this world; he said, 'The sooner the better,' he hoped I did not intend to hurt him; I said, 'No;' he said, if I did, he would run a knife into me; he attempted several times to strike me; last night, whenever I said anything to him, he abused me, and called me everything but a decent girl to him; I told him I knew nobody besides himself, though it was not right of me to do so; when

I took the penknife this morning and placed it to his ear, it was not with intent to hurt him as it did; with his jumping it broke the blade, and with that I jumped out of bed and ran out of the room—I am very sorry I done it; I am a widow, and have had four children; but they are all dead; I believe I am in the family way now by Benjamin."

Prisoner's Defence (written.)—"wen I had don all that lay in my Power for Bengeman winman he sed he wold leave me and as I was in the famaley was allwase quarrling with me he aggreveted me to do wat I did do that is the truth."




GUILTY on 2nd COUNT.
 Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.

