




1134. 



HENRY BROKER
 and 




HENRY SELF
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
12th of March, 1 coal-scuttle, value 18s.; the goods of 



William Lane; and that SELF had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM LANE
. I am an ironmonger, and live in Great Titchfield street. On the 13th of February, I lost a copper coal-scuttle from my front shop—I had seen it at nine o'clock the previous morning—seen it since—I know it by two rivets at the handle—I believe I know Self by sight—I think I have seen him in my neighbourhood.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Is the scuttle your own? A. No, it was sent to me to repair, and these two rivets were put in by my man—ft was close against the window.





JOHN REED
. I am a boot and shoemaker, and live in Bell-street. On the 12th of February, I was in the parlour of my house—Self lodged in the back kitchen—I saw him come in with a copper coal-scuttle on his shoulder—another young man was with him—I sent to a policeman, and they were both gone when I got the policeman—I delivered the coalscuttle to him.

Cross-examined. Q. You were not close to the scuttle, were you, when he was carrying it? A. No—it was a little before twelve o'clock on Friday—the scuttle was going to be tarried out of the house, and I stopped it in the prisoner's sister's custody, tied up in a basket—I never saw any other scuttle in the house.





RACHAEL REED
. I am the wife of last witness. I was in the shop with ray husband on Friday, the 12th of March, and saw both the prisoners—Broker rang the bell, and Self had the coal-scuttle on his shoulder—they

went down into the back kitchen together—Self lodged in the back kitchen—they remained there about half an hour, and then went out together.

Cross-examined. Q. You only saw them go by the shop window, did you? A. I saw them come by the window—they did not come into the shop—I did not see them go in at the street door—their friends came to let them in—I only saw them pass the window—I saw them go out it the front door half an hour afterwards.





JOHN TURNER
 (police-constable D 39.) I was spoken to by Reed, on the 12th of February, and went to the Sun public-house, in Lisson-grore—I found Self lying on a bench—I told him I wanted him for a highway robbery, being concerned with Porter—I took him out, and then asked him about the coal-scuttle—he said he knew nothing at all about it—I afterwards went to the lodging at Reed's, and found the scuttle in a cloth-basket, with a cloth over it—the prisoner's sister bad got it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not you say, "What have you done with the coal-scuttle?" A. Not when I took him—I asked him that at the station, and he denied having ever had one—he was remanded for nearly a month respecting the highway robbery, but it came to nothing.





THOMAS HENRY THOMPSON
 (police-sergeant.) I apprehended Broker in Chapel-street, Edgeware-road—I said nothing about the coalscuttle.





JOHN REED

re-examined. I live about two miles from the prosecutor shop—there was plenty of time for a person to join another with property, without having taken it.





JAMES HAMBROOK
. worked on the Birmingham line as a labourer. I was present when Self was tried here—I had apprehended him—he is the person described in this certificate, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read.)

BROKER—


NOT GUILTY
.

SELF—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.—(See p. 903.)
