




2337. 




ARTHUR JAMES HUMPHRIES
 and 




WILLIAM BURT
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
27th of August, 1 coat, value 2l.; 3 waistcoats, value 15s.; 1 card-case, value 1s.; 1 lancet, value 2s.; 1 handkerchief, value 4s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 5s.; 1 hat, value 15s.; and 1 pair of gloves, value 1s.; the goods of 



James Seymour Leeson; and that Burt had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES SEYMOUR LEESON
. I live in Finsbury-square and in Chiswell-street. On Thursday afternoon, the 27th of August, between three and four o'clock, I was in my surgery, in Chiswell-street—in consequence of information from Burgess, I looked, and missed my frock-coat, handkerchief, trowsers, and other things, from the parlour behind the surgery—I had seen them safe about half-past three o'clock in the afternoon.





JOHN BURGESS
. I am an errand-boy to a person in Chiswell-street. About half-past three o'clock, on the 27th of August, I saw Burt and two others standing at the corner of Type-street—when I looked towards Mr. Leeson's surgery, Humphries was peeping in at the door, and soon after I saw him coming from Mr. Leeson's with a coat on his arm—he walked down Type-street, and another young man that was with Burt went with him, and felt in the pockets of the coat—I then looked towards Mr. Leeson's, and saw Burt coming from Mr. Leeson's with a pair of trowsers, a waistcoat, and handkerchief—he came and asked me where Mr. Williams, the tailor, lived—I gave information directly.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. The person who you say was Humphries came from the door with the coat, and gave it to the other man? A. Yes—that person is not here—Humphries was looking in at the door when I first saw him.

Burt. Q. Do you know who took the waistcoat? A. I saw you with

them when you came to me—I would have given you into custody if I had been able to leave my master's shop.

Burt's Defence. I was not near the place at the time.





HENRY COLEMAN
 (City police-constable, No. 219.) I produce a certificate of Burt's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

HUMPHRIES—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—



Confined Six Months.

BURT—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
