



2062. 




GEORGE FOSTER



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Charles Woolston, and stealing 1 shilling and 2 sixpences; the moneys of 



Louisa Gallington: 15 knives, 1 fork, and other articles, value 9s. 6d.; the goods of the said Charles Woolston: having been before convicted. 


MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES POTTER
 (policeman, P 227). On 26th Sept., about half-past five in the morning, I was on duty in Stockwell-park-road, and saw the prisoner come out of Mr. Woolston's kitchen-window, which is just level with the ground—I was about fifty yards from him, he looked at me, and then walked away—I followed him half a mile, and then asked him what his business was at the house he had come from; he said it was his master's house, be worked there—I asked him to accompany me back to the house—he did so, and then said, "That is not the house"—I seized him by the arm, he drew this crow-bar (produced) from bis pocket, and attempted to strike me—a brother constable seized his arm—I took him to the station, and found some lucifers on him.

Prisoner. Q. What time did you come up to me? A. At a quarter or twenty minutes to six o'clock, you were out of my sight in turning a corner.





JOHN PALMER SOMERS
 (policeman). I was with Potter—I found the window open, it opens like a door—I found on it the impression of this crowbar, and also on the sitting-room door—there is a very peculiar mark on the instrument, which I noticed—this knife-box was on the floor, and articles were strewed all about the place.





LOUISA GALLINGTON
. I am servant to Mr. Woolston, and was awoke by the police—I had fastened up the house, but had not put up the inside shutter to the window in question—I and my sister were left alone in the house—I found a knife-box removed from the kitchen to the breakfast parlour; the knives were put into a bag ready to take away.

Prisoners Defence. I am innocent; this tool is what I use in rat-catching.






JOSEPH SKINNER
 (policeman, P 57). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction—(read—Convicted April, 1847, and confined twelve months)—I was present—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Ten Years.

