




1383. 




ALFRED WALTERS
 was again indicted for

 unlawfully obtaining by false pretences, 1 china tea-service, value 4l. 4s., the goods of 



John Davenport, and another; and 





GEORGE MITCHELL



, for unlawfully receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.; to which


WALTERS pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 15.—



Confined Nine Months.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM CHRISTOE
. I am in the employ of John Davenport, and another, of Fleet-street. On the 21st of April the prisoner Walters came to our shop, and obtained from me some decanters, twenty-four cups, and other articles, worth about 12l.—on the 24th of April he came again and obtained some goods, worth 8l.—he came again on the 3rd of May—he then obtained a tea-service, and some other articles—he came again on the 4th of May, and obtained some other things—he represented that he came from Mr. Downes on every occasion, and I believed him.





MICHAEL HAYDON
 (City police-constable, No. 274.) On the 4th of May I was put on the watch—I saw the boy Walters come from Messrs. Davenport's warehouse with a basket—he went to the Brunswick coffee-house in Wych-street, Strand—it is a very small place, very dirty, and with very little furniture, except two beds on the floor—there was about a dozen cups and saucers, four or five plates, three or four egg-cups, and some dishes of the most common description—there are six rooms in the house, and the shop—Walters went in there with the basket, and in eight or ten minutes the prisoner Mitchell came out with the same basket, as far as I could judge, under his arm—he went to No. 22, Stonecutter-street—he did not go the direct way, but through back courts and alleys, a very circuitous route—some woman came to the door there, and then Mitchell and a Mr. Sabine who keeps the coffeeshop came out—they walked up Stonecutter-street together—Mitchell had something in his hand wrapped in paper—he had left the basket at No. 22—I went up to him, and asked what he had got in his hand—he said, "What is that to you?"—I told him I was a constable, and I wanted to ask him some questions

about the things he had taken into that house—he made no reply—Mr. Sabine said in his presence that she was waiting for him—I asked her where the things came from—she said she had bought them that morning of a person named Walters—I asked her where—she said if I wanted to know any more, I had better go to her house, the Brunswick coffee-house in Wych-street—Mitchell said nothing, but took my name and number, and appeared very indignant—he had one of these saucers in his hand, which I took from him—I went to the house in Stonecutter-street, and found the basket—I took Mitchell into custody—Mr. Sabine was not at the house in Wych-street when Mitchell came out.





CALEB GROVES
 (police-constable C 360.) I was with Haydon—I saw Walters go to Wych-street, and watched Mitchell from Wych-street to Stonecutter-street—I searched Mitchell, and found on him a duplicate and a bason.





CHARLES SEARLE
. I am assistant to Mr. Baker, a pawnbroker, in Great Stanhope-street, Clare-market. I have known the prisoner Mitchell for the last six months—on 23rd of April he pawned these twelve decanters with me for 2l. 12s.—on 30th of April, he pawned a set of china for 1l.—on 27th of April, a glass and a basket for 8s.—on 24th of April, a set of china for 12s.—on 1st of May. two tumblers for 6d. each—on 3rd of May, a set of China for 1l.—I produce them.

Mitchell. Q. I gave you the direction where I brought them from, A. Yes; he told me he brought them for James Jones, No. 44, Wych-street.

Mitchell. I said Alfred Jones; I understood Walters' name was Jones.





WILLIAM BROCK
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce a dozen goblets pawned on 17th of April—a sugar bason and jug, pawned on 20th of April, and a set of china pawned on 21st August by Mitchell—he said he brought them from a respectable coffee-shop, No. 44, Wych-street, Drury-lane—I said they were rather too good for a coffee-shop—he said it was a very respectable place, and if I doubted what he said, I might send the man to see the landlord—the second day he came I did send the man, but he missed the prisoner in a crowd.





MARY DOWNES
 I am a china dealer. I have dealings with Messrs. Davenports'—the prisoner Walters lived next door to me—I knew him—I did not send him for any china.





WILLIAM CHRISTOE

re-examined. All the articles produced are my masters'—the value of them is about 48l.—they are not the sort of articles you find little coffee-houses using.

Mitchell's Defence. In the beginning of December I was recommended to Mr. Sabine, who kept the coffee-house; I was with her the whole winter; I was servant there to do the work of the coffee-room, to keep the shop clean and clean knives; at the latter end of March, Walters, whose name I undertood was Alfred Jones, came and lodge there; a little time after he came, my mistress said to me, "George, I want you to go and pawn some things," that was the first time I went to Mr. Clark's, the pawnbroker's; after that she sometimes sent me, and sometimes the bar-maid sent me, which Walters knows; that was the occasion of my pawning the things. On the 4th of May I was down in the kitchen; I was called by the barmaid to go and take these things to Mr. Duro, No. 22, Stonecutter-street; I went the nearest way; I found my mistress there, she said, "What have you got some China, George?" I said, "Yes," I have; Mary Ann told me to get down as soon as I could, because your daughter wants to go to bed; she said, "I am going home I will walk with you;" we did, and she said, "Hold this while I get my handkerchief out;" she gave me the saucer, and the officer came and took me to the station, and they found this duplicate on me, which I got

when Mary Ann one afternoon was going out, she gave me a sugar basin and asked me to pawn it for a shilling at Mr. Clark's; I did so, came back, and she said, "Never mind the duplicate, let it be;" and that is how I came to have it. I pawned these things by the order of my mistress or the barmaid; I gave them all the money and duplicates. After I had been a great many times, I said to my mistress, "How is it, that this lad (meanings Walters) gets so much property;" I understood it was from his executor or trustee, he had these goods instead of money coming to him, and he will state the same because I asked him about the things; I took the things directly to the pawnbroker's from the house; what I have done was entirely through my mistress's order; I have had a good character; Alderman Challis knows I have lived in respectable situations. I had not any knowledge of how Walters got these goods; it is a most cruel thing for me, as a servant, to be answerable for the iniquity of a mistress or master; I have concealed nothing, I have stated everything straightforward.

MITCHELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 49.—


Transported for Seven Years.

