





2417. 




JOHN COOPER, alias
 Timberlake

, 




GEORGE JACKSON, alias
 Edward Contensen

, and 




GEORGE WESTON, alias
 John White

, 

were indicated for stealing, at 

St. Anne, Westminister, 1 watch, value 2l.; and 1 watch-guard, 1s.; the goods of 



John Burrows: and 1 watch, 2l.; 1 watch-guard, 10s.; 1 purse, 1s.; 5 half-crowns, 7 shillings, and 7 sixpences, the property of 



Fanny Tanner, in the dwelling-house of 



John Burrows; and the Weston and Jackson had been before convicted of felony.


MR. SIMON
conducted the Prosecution






FANNY TANNER
. I am housekeeper to John Burrows, No. 5, Grafton-street, Soho—he keeps a coffee-shop—I know all the prisoners—I had known Cooper for two years, at Carshalton, where he lived—he went by the name of Timberlake there—on the 2nd of Sept. he came into the house to see Mr. Burrows—he

asked how I was, and said, "How is John, where is he?"—I said he was gone out—he said, "What time will he return?"—I said I did not know, for he was gone to Gravesend for a day's pleasure—he said he wanted something to eat, would I get him a chop—I said, "Very well, I will get you one"—he said, "Get more than one, I have a couple of friends I will bring in here, who are close by, to have one with me"—I did so—he returned with the two other prisoners in a minute or so—they occupied a private parlour, used by Mr. Burrows and myself—after they had had their chops, Cooper asked for a sheet of paper, he wished to write a letter—Jackson was pretending to write the letter—I was not in the room all the time—I was in and out, attending to my business—I was in sometimes with them—after they had written the letter, and had their chops, they all three went out—they left the letter, directed, on the table, unsealed—I put a wafer in it, and sent it to the post by a woman—the direction was, "Simmonds, 30, George-street, Hanover-square"—Cooper came in directly after, and said they would post the letter themselves—he followed the woman, came back again, and stayed all the afternoon with me—the other two prisoners went away—he said they would return to tea, which they did about six—the three prisoners and I all had tea together in the private room—after we had had tea, a person came into the shop—I got up to serve him with some coffee, and Cooper followed me out into the shop, and kept me talking there for about two or three minutes—the other two prisoners followed him out while he was talking to me in the shop—they wished me good night as they passed me, and I wished them good night—Cooper remained about two minutes till the other two had got just to the corner of Moor-street, and were turning the corner—I stood at the door talking to him, when all of a moment he suddenly left me, and ran to Moor-street—I thought it very odd he should leave me in that manner—I walked straight back into the room, and the first thing that struck my eye was a little basket which had my money in it—I saw the lid of it had been lifted up, and moved—I went and looked, and missed a little black bag and a purse containing 23s.—I had seen it safe in the bag about an hour before they were there—no one had been in besides them—on turning round I missed two watches from the mantelpiece, a small hunting-watch of my own, with a silver chain attached, and an old-fashioned silver watch of Mr. Burrow's, with a brown guard attached—the value of mine was 2l. 10s., and the other about 2l.

Prisoner Cooper. I am guilty.





EDWARD LANGLEY
 (police-sergeant A 11.) On the 2nd of Sept., about seven o'clock in the evening, I apprehended Cooper and Jackson in the Westminster-road—I had been on the look out for them on another charge—I took them to Tower-street station, and searched them—I found this watch and guard in Cooper's left-hand waistcoat-pocket, the chain and watch all together—I asked him if that was his watch—he said, "Yes"—on further searching him, I found this letter in his coat-pocket, behind—on Jackson I found this other silver watch—it was in the right-side coat-pocket of the coat he has on now—the chain and watch was all together, in the same way as the other was.





FANNY TANNER

re-examined. This watch is John Burrows's, and this other is my own—the guards are the same—this is the letter the prisoners left—(this was a sheet of paper folded and directed, but contained no writing.)





CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
 (police-constable L 83.) I took Weston into custody on Wednesday, the 11th of Sept., about two o'clock—I told him I took him for being concerned in several robberies, one was at a coffee-shop in Grafton-street, Soho—he said, "You must be mistaken"—I took him to the station, where he was identified—I found on him 8s. 6d., a pencil-case, and silver knife


Weston's Defence. I hope you will not find me guilty of this; there is no proof against me; I am perfectly innocent of it.

Jackson's Defence. The prosecutrix has never stated that we were drinking together; we had nearly a pint of rum, and she was intoxicated at the time.





FANNY TANNER

re-examined. They had a little rum, but I had none to hurt me—I just tasted it with them—they sent for some rum, on purpose, I suppose, to see if I would drink it—a charwoman in the house went for it—it might be a quartern—I did not get intoxicated with tasting it—they did not get drunk—they had nothing in my place to make them drunk—it was when they had the chops that they had the rum, and the robbery did not take place till past seven in the evening.





FREDERICK SHAW
 (police-constable A 29.) I produce a certificate of Jackson's former conviction in the name of Edward Contensen—I got it from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at the trial, and am sure he is the person.

Jackson. I deny all knowledge of ever having been convicted; I am not the party. Witness. He pleaded guilty—I did not know him before, but I recollect him from seeing him on that occasion—he was examined at the police-office several times.





SAMUEL BALSDEN
. I know Jackson—he was in my employ in the name of Edward Contensen from March last till July—I know his father very well—I understand he returned from transportation in Nov. last—I did not know him before his conviction—I only found it out by looking after him for a case of forgery.

Jackson. I know that person very well, but I was never convicted before; I have plenty of relations of the same name; I was never here before, and never pleaded guilty; I am not the party.





WILLIAM STURGES
. I produce a certificate of Weston's former coniviction—I had it from Goff the policeman—(read)—I was present at his trial on the 6th of Jan., 1840—I was the prosecutor—I am quite certain he is the person who was tried and convicted on that occasion.

Weston. I am not the person; I was never here in my life, and never convicted before; there are many persons like me; it is not likely a person could recognise me after five years. Witness. If five more were added to it I should recollect him—he was four months in my employ.

COOPER—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.


JACKSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

WESTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.





Transported for Fifteen Years. See Surrey Cases.)
