



1543. 




MARGARET JONES



, stealing 1 coat, I tea-pot, two frocks, andother articles, value 5l. 14s. 6d.; the goods of 



William Ponder, in his dwelling-house; having been before convicted.






OSCAR SCOTT
 (policeman, N 144.) About twelve o'clock at night, on 6th June, I received information from a gentleman in the City-road—I listenedand heard a rustling in the garden of 29, Dalby-terrace—I went in and foundthe prisoner lying on this bundle, about three yards inside the garden, partlyconcealed in the bushes—she appeared asleep—I raised her up, and askedhow she came there, and how she got the bundle—she said she did not know—she appeared to have been drinking, but knew what she was about—shesaid she had been charing at Haberdasher-square, Hoxton—I found in thebundle two table-cloths, one pair of drawers, three shifts, a pillow-case, anight-gown, and a pinafore—I took the prisoner—she was searched—thesearcher afterwards gave me these two duplicates, for a cap and a tea-pot—at the second examination the prisoner said she lived at Little Sutton-street—I went there, but could find no such person.





HARRIETT HAYWARD
. I am the wife of James Hayward, a policeman—Isearch females—I found these two duplicates in the prisoner's pocket, andgave them to Scott.





WILLIAM PONDER
. I live in Bridgwater-square. On 6th of June, aboutseven o'clock in the morning, my servant gave me information—I had goneto bed about half-past eleven the previous night, I believe I shut the door, I was sober—I went down stairs and missed a great coat from the front parlour, which I had left on the sofa the night before—this is it (produced)—this tea-pot is mine—I believe these table-cloths to be mine, one has myname on it—they are worth 5l. probably, but not without the coat and teapot.





THOMAS SWAINE
. I am in the service of Mr. Walter, a pawnbroker, of Goswell-street—I produce a coat, pawned by the prisoner on 7th June—she saidit was her husband's—there was a glove in the pocket—I produce a tea-pot, the person who took it in is not here.

Prisoner's Defence. I picked up the things.






JOHN CLIFFORD
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner'sformer conviction—(read—Convicted April, 1847, having been before convicted, confined one year)—I was present—she is the woman.




GUILTY * of Larceny
. Aged 50.—


Transported for Seven Years.

