




1744. 




JEREMIAH MARGESON
 and 



GEORGE AYLETT
 were indicted for

 breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Harriet Pile, at St. Anne's, Limehouse, and stealing therein 1 bottle, value 1s.; 1 pocket-took, 1s.; 4 half-crowns, 5 shillings, 4 sixpences, 192 pence, 96 halfpence, and 140 farthings; her property.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






HARRIET PILE
. I keep the Lord Nelson public-house, in the parish of St. Anne, Limehouse, it is my dwelling-house. On the 16th of May, about half-past nine, Margeson came in, and the rest of the company went away—he stayed and went out a quarter before twelve—soon after I shut up and retired—I had about 1l. in copper, and 3s. in farthings, safely locked in the till, in the bar—there was 1l. in silver in a bag in a private drawer at the other end of the counter—I am certain it was safe when I went to bed, and the keys were in my pocket—I cannot speak as to the yard door being fastened—about seven in the morning, in consequence of what the pot-boy said, I came down and found the yard door open, and the side door, and the liquor set flowing—on the counter, just above the private drawer, I found this knife, it does not belong to me—the money did not belong to me, but was in my care—I found the inner lining of a shoe.





THOMAS BASS
. I am the prosecutrix's pot-boy. On the night of the 16th of May I went to bed—the yard and the side doors were safe—I came down about seven o'clock, and found the side door open, and the property gone—the liquor was flowing about—I found the sock of a shoe lying down against the side door—I gave it to the policeman—the tiles were moved in the skittle-ground—Margeson was the last that went out.





HENRY WOOD
 (police-constable K 44.) I heard something and examined these premises—I found they had been broken by taking the tiles off skittle-ground—the shutters had been attempted—I examined the bar, and found the bottom of the drawer had been cut away so as to allow the till to drop out, and then any one could get at the contents—I received this sock of a shoe—the shutters appeared to have been tried by a jemmy or blunt chisel—the knife that was left was such an one as would cut away the bottom of the till—I took Margeson into custody about nine the same morning, at a beershop in the West India-road—I asked where he had been over-night—he said, "I have not been in bed all night," he had been with a person up the Highway,

came back to Phillips's coffee-shop, and then went down to Millwall—I searched him and found 16s.3d. on him—he said he had taken it from his customers for milk—I asked him who they were—he said he could not tell me any one that bought milk of him, that he had saved it up in a box, and kept it with Mrs. Boik, in New-alley, and taken it out the day before to buy some wood—I told him to take his boots off—he took off his left boot, and I compared the sock—there is a cut in the inner sole of the boot, and the sock fits into that cut, and it fits exactly.

Margeson. Q. Had I any sock in the other boot? A. You had not—the knife is broken at the point.





SARAH BOIK
. I live in New-alley, Limehouse. Margeson lived in my house nine weeks—he lodged somewhere else—he had a small box at my house—I frequently saw it open, the last time was about six weeks ago—there were letters and a razor in it—I never saw any money in it—he was not with me on the 15th of May, except serving me with milk—he did not take any money out of the box that day, and did not go to it at all—I have seen this knife in his possession more than once—I know it, and believe it to be his, but the point was not broken, with that exception it corresponds.





THOMAS WATKINS
 (police-constable K 310.) I apprehended Aylett on the 17th of May, in Gun-lane—I said I wanted him on suspicion of breaking and entering Mrs. Pile's public-house—he said, "I know nothing about it, I went to bed at ten o'clock, and Margeson called me up about a quarter-past eleven"—I produce this knife.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did he not say "a little after eleven?" A. No—if any one has said so, they have told an untruth—I did not tell the Magistrate that he said so to my knowledge.





HENRY VERNON PARKES
 (police-constable K 5.) On the 14th of May I saw the prisoners together between twelve and one in the night—I saw this knife found on Margeson, it was not broken at the time—as I had no charge I returned it to him, and they were allowed to go.

Margeson. Q. Can you swear to my knife? A. Yes, there is a mark on it—I took particular notice of it.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was it you saw them? A. At the station—I was on duty when they were brought there by Young, the constable, with another prisoner.





JONAS PHILLIPS
. I keep a coffee-shop in Emmett's-street, Poplar. On the morning of the 17th of May, about half-past three, the prisoners came to my shop together—they had some coffee, bacon, and eggs—they were rather in a hurry to have their meat cooked—about four they left my place—it is about a quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's—they took the direction of Millwall.

Cross-examined. Q. Do not you know that Aylett was in the habit of working at the Docks? A. I never saw him to my knowledge till the time he was with Margeson—I have no doubt that it was him—my place is near to the Docks, and some hundreds of persons who work there come—I have seen Margeson before.





JOSEPH LADYMAN
 (police-constable K 334.) I was on the Ferry-road that morning about five, and saw the prisoners together—I asked where they had been to—they said, "To Woolwich, to have a game"—they were coming in a direction from Phillips's, and going towards Blackwall.

Margeson. I am quite innocent.

MARGESON—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.


AYLETT—


NOT GUILTY
.
