



1958. 




WILLIAM AMES, alias
 Ranger,

 was indicted

 for feloniously and knowingly uttering a counterfeit shilling to 



Esther Calvert, having been previously convicted of uttering counterfeit coin.






CAEB EDWARD POWELL
. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of William Ames, alias Ranger—it is a true copy—(read.)





CHARLES THORP
. I am a clerk, and live in New-street-hill. I know the prisoner, he is the person mentioned in the record of conviction—I was present at the trial.





ESTHER CALVERT
. I live with my brother-in-law, Mr. Stowe, a tobacconist in Barbican. On the 9th of July, the prisoner came into the shop for 1d. worth of tobacco, about half-past six o'clock—I served him—he paid me 6d.—I gave him 5d.—he took the tobacco and change, and left—I put the sixpence into the till, where there was 2s. 2d., but no sixpences—in about ten minutes I went to give change for half-a-crown, and found it was bad—nobody had been to the till in the interval—I took it out, and put it under a jar at the back of the shop, which quite covered it—I went to the jar again, when my brother came in, in about two hours, and I showed him the sixpence under the jar—I put it in the same place again—it remained there till half-past eleven o'clock—nobody was in the shop before my brother-in-law came in—about half-past eleven o'clock at night I was in the shop—the prisoner came again and asked for 1d. worth of tobacco and a pipe—I served him, it came to 1 1/4 d.—he gave me a shilling, which was a good one, for I examined it—I was going to give him change for it—he had not asked for the pipe then, but when he saw I was going to give him change, he had a pipe—I said it came to 1 1/4 d. together—he then said, "I shall not want change, I have halfpence sufficient," and put down 1d. and took the shilling up—I said, "A penny will not pay five farthings"—he said, "Then I must have change," and put me down another shilling, which I saw was a bad one—I took it in my hand, my brother-in-law was in the parlour—I walked along the shop, and said, "This man has brought me a bad shilling, and he is the same man as brought me the sixpence before"—he said, "Give me that, and I will give you another"—I refused to give it to

him, and then he threw 2d. on the counter—I would not give him the shilling—and when he saw my brother come out, and call out, "Stop him, do not let him go," he threw his pipe down and ran away—my brother went after him and brought him back in about two minutes—a constable was sent for—he was detained in the shop, and said to me, "If you give me that, I will give you another; you say you have a bad shilling, let me see it"—I said, "No, you shall not see it, the policeman shall see it;" I gave it to the policeman, and after he was secured I went to the jar, found the sixpence, and gave that to the policeman.





HENRY BROOKWELL
. I am a City police-constable. On the 9th of July I was on duty in Barbican—my attention was attracted to Mr. Stowe's shop, about half-past eleven o'clock—I went and found the prisoner there, took him into custody, and received a shilling from Calvert, and a six-pence, which I produce—I searched him, and found two penny-pieces and some tobacco—he resisted in a very violent way.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Have you kept the shilling and sixpence ever since? A. Yes, I am certain they are the same, I marked them myself, and there was a cross put on them before we parted with them.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. These coins are both counterfeit.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.
