



14. 




FANNY NORMAN



, stealing 1 breast-pin, value 10l. and 1 ring, 10s. the goods of 



Walter Hills, her master, in his dwelling-house.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WALTER HILLS, ESQ.
 I am a barrister-at-law, and live at 3, Hanover-terrace in the parish of St. Mary Abbots, Kensington—it is my dwelling-house. The prisoner was in my service from Feb. till 9th Oct., when she left—I had found some fault with the state of the house on my return from the country, and she gave notice, and left—before she had left, and afterwards, we missed some articles, but we did not miss this ring and pin till they were found at the pawnbroker's—I ascertained the prisoner had been living at Mr. Walton's, in the Colonnade—the policeman went there, and brought me the duplicate for the ring and pin, which I took to Harrison's, the pawnbroker's, in Drury-lane—they produced the ring and pin which I had purchased—this is the pin—it cost ten guineas—I had been to Ely, and returned on 9th Sept.—Mrs. Hill had the ring—I do not know whether that had been in the country, but the pin had—I had worn it in the country, and it must have been taken after our return.





DAVID WATERS.
 I live at 17. Colonnade, Brunswick-square. On 23rd Oct. the prisoner took a furnished back room on the first floor of me—she left, without notice, on 3rd Nov.—she had paid me one week's rent, and left one week unpaid—after she left I found five duplicates in her room, one of them for a ring and a pin—I communicated it to the police, and the officer came, and I delivered the duplicates to him—this is the ring and pin.





FREDERICK NEWLY.
 I am assistant to Messrs. Harrison and Co., pawnbrokers, Drury-lane. This is one of our duplicates—I took this ring and pin in pledge, to the best of my belief, of the prisoner—I advanced 16s. on them—that was all that was asked—she gave the name of Anderson—I asked if they were her own, and whether she was a housekeeper or lodger.

Prisoner. It is false; you did not ask me any question.





SAMUEL PUDDIFOOT
 (policeman, T 127.) I received information, and went to different pawnbrokers—Mr. Walton produced several duplicates to me—one

of them is for this ring and pin—I went to Messrs. Harrison's, in Drury-lane, and found the property there—I took the prisoner on 13th Nov., in North-street, Manchester-square.





SARAH HILLS.
 I am the wife of Walter Hills. This ring and pin are mine—I had this pin with me at Ely—I never gave these, or any articles of mine, to the prisoner.




GUILTY. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
