



1446. 




MARY RAGAN
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 watch, value 1l. 6s.; the goods of 



Thomas Chambers, from his person; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






THOMAS CHAMBERS
. I live in the Aldgate, and am a gun-smith. On the night of the 1st of May I was in the Horns public-house, in Whitechapel—I received a blow in the eye—I sat down, and the prisoner crossed from the other side of the room—she said I had got a bad eye, and she would wipe it—she wiped it with her right hand, and picked my pocket of my watch with her left hand—I had my watch safe when I sat down, and by the prisoner running away from me I missed it—I am positive there was no one else there who could have taken it—there were other persons there, but no one came within three yards of me but her—I have not seen my watch since—I did not feel her take it, but I had it safe when I received the blow in my eye—that was from a strange man—I had not seen him with the prisoner.

Prisoner. Q. I had one hand on your head, and the other on your face; the servant had brought a basin of water in; how could I take your watch? A. I do not know how you did it—it was unscrewed from the swivel of the chain—I missed it directly you left—the servant who brought the water had retired—my watch was safe after I had the blow—I felt the chain, as I generally do, and missed the watch.





PETER DE CAUX
. I keep the public-house. I was in front of the bar, and saw the prisoner rush past the bar from the room into the street—the prosecutor directly came up, and said, "That woman has got my watch"—we went out, but could not find her.





EDWARD WIGLEY
 (police-constable H 141.) I took the prisoner—I told her it was for stealing a watch from Chambers, at the Horns—she said she had not been at the Horns, nor seen Chambers—at the station she said she had been at the Horns, but had not seen Chambers.


Prisoner's Defence. I was selling cabbages that night, and about ten o'clock I went to the public-house with another girl to take refreshment—while I was there, a quarrel took place between the prosecutor, who was intoxicated, and another man, whom he interrupted in singing; the prosecutor's face was cut, and he declined the contest; the servant brought some water, and I assisted in washing him; my little girl came and told me a woman wanted some cabbages; I went and sold her what I had, and was going home, when I was taken into custody.





WILLIAM CARR
 (police-constable H 109.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted 24th of June, 1845, and confined three months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. (†) Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

