



1688. 




HENRY LEE
 was indicted

 for stealing 200 yards of printed cotton, value 6l. 16s., the goods of 




John Hollick.


MR. RYLAND. conducted the Prosecution






JAMES EBERALL
. I live in Cotton-street, Poplar—I know Mr. Hollick's shop—he is a linen-draper. On the 11th of August, about five minutes before eight o'clock in the evening, I was near his shop—I observed some prints near his door I—I saw the prisoner at the door, looking at the prints—there were two persons with him after he had looked at the prints he spoke to the other two men—one of the other men took some prints from the door, and the prisoner held a bag which the roan put the prints in—they saw me go into the shop, and went away, leaving the bag and its contents.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You had never seen this man before? A. No—I saw him again when he was taken, about ten minutes past eight o'clock—I was at Mrs. Pannell's shop-door, which is opposite—the prisoner's back was towards me—I swear to him by his back—that is all.

MR. RILAND. Q. Did you never see his face at all? A. Yes, and. I see his face now—he is the man that held the bag—I swear to him by his back and his face too.

COURT. Q. Did he turn round? A. Yes, and I saw his face—I am sure that is the face of the man.





WILLIAM TREGARTHEN
. I am an engineer, and live at Poplar. On the evening of the 11th of Aug. I was near Mr. Hollick's shop—I saw the prisoner near his shop, and another young man with him—the prisoner was holding a bag, and both be and the other man put the prints into the bag and shook them—I saw Eberall run into the shop, and they dropped the bag—the prisoner came across the road—I told one to follow him and take him—I vent after the other one, but they called to me—I ran and took the prisoner—I saw the prisoner's face sideways because he was near the light—I can swear to him by his face and this stick which he had, and by his dress—I have no doubt he is the man who was holding the bag

Cross-examined. Q. Did he hold the stick at the time he was holding the bag? A. He was holding it by his side—I had never seen him before—I saw him afterwards at the station, and I saw him when I took him just round by Mr. Fardell's work-shop, about twelve yards from the work-shop door—I stopped him—I laid my hand on him and said, "young man, I want you, "and he said he knew nothing about it.





WILLIAM WELLS
. I am assistant to Mr. John Hollick a linen-draper. Ebetall came and gave an alarm—I went out immediately—I saw the prints removed—they had been against the window, and they were in a bag on curb—the witness pointed out the prisoner—he was taken—these prints my master's—they are worth about 6l. 16s.






ROBERT JONES
 (police-constable K 202.) The prisoner and this stick were given to me by the witness Tregarthen—the prisoner said nothing to me.

Prisoner's Defence. The stick I found up a turning; I was coming from Blackwall; a man was running, and he threw it away, and I took it up—when I was taken I said I was innocent.
**


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years


