




1190. 




JOHN BLACKWELL
 and 




WILLIAM HILL
 were indicted for

 breaking and entering the warebouse of 



John Aitkin, on the 
4th of April, at 
Bermondsey, and stealing 125 skins of leather, value 10l., bis property; and that Blackwell had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM CROOKENDEN
. I am. foreman to Mr. John Aitkin, of 114, Nelson-street, Bermondsey—over his counting-house there is a loft, which has stairs to it—on the night of the 3rd of April I fastened the counting. house and the outer door all safe, and locked it up at eight o'clock—as I was coming there the next morning, about a quarter before six o'clock, I met Serjeant Wylie carrying these skins, which are the property of my employer—I then went up to the warehouse, and tried the key which I had in my pocket, to unlock the front door—I found the lock had been tampered with—I could not unlock it—I went down and got over another person's place, and opened the warehouse and let in Wylie—I found the skins he had were my master's, and what bad been safe there the night before.





THOMAS WYLIE
 (police-serjeant 25 M.) I found the skins that morning, in some premises at the rear of the prosecutor's—while I was counting them, the prisoners both came—they saw me, and ran away—I found this key and a box of lncifer matches, in a hole in the wall in the premises where I found the skins.





ROBERT CLARKE
 (police-constable 258 M.) On the morning of the 4th of April I went with Serjeant Wylie down a turning, and saw these skins, and while we were counting them, Hill came round the corner with this article open in his hand—Blackwell was with him—they ran—we ran and caught them—I found on Hill this key, which the foreman stated had been in the

counting-house for some time—this article I found on Hill is what bird-catchers put their cages in.

Blackwell. This witness told another to go and change the key. Witness. No, I did not—Blackwell said this was the key of his lodging—I went there with him and saw his brother-in-law—I said to him," You unlock the door with this key"—he tried and could not—his sister then said the lock had been changed—I was coming back with Blackwell—he saw another officer in plain clothes, and said, "I am looking for your dog—(that is the name of a plain clothes man)—he means to go in an old iron shop and get another key and put it in your hand"—I said, "We will prevent that, he shan't come near me," and he did not.





WILLIAM CROOKENDEN

re-examined. This key found on Hill is the key of a door which had been pulled down, and the key had been in the counting-house for some time—this key which was found near the premises where the skins were, would not quite open the outer door lock, and they got over another and got in that way.

Blackwell. I had not been near the premises: the policeman came and took me; the foreman said he could not swear to the key. Witness. I did not—I distinctly swore to it.

Hill. The key I had in my pocket was the key of my door; it was taken to our place, and the lock had been taken off the door which that key used to fit.





THOMAS WEST
 (police-constable M 249.) I produce a certificate of Blackwell's former conviction at Newington—(read—Convicted 24th July, 1845, and confined three months and whipped)—he is the person—I have known him ever since—he gets his living by thieving.

BLACKWELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Ten Years.


HILL—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.—



Confined Three Months.

