



1168. 




WILLIAM TUCKETT
 was indicted

for embezzlement.






EDWARD COOKE BOURNE, JUN
. I am in partnership with my father, Edward Cooke Bourne of No. 244, Regent-street, furriers. The prisoner was in our employ as shopman, and received money for goods from customers over the counter, and occasionally from customers on our account—he was in our service about sixteen months, and absconded on the 20th of January without notice—the prisoner took an order from Mr. D. Sombre, the member for Sudbury, for a fur coat—I was not present—if he received the money his duty was to place it in my desk in the shop, and enter it immediately in a book—I have the book which he kept for that purpose—my desk was accessible to every shopman for that purpose—my desk the counter from a customer he should do the same with it—there is no entry of 22l. received on January the 5th from Mr. D. Sombre—there certainly appears to have been a leaf torn out, but I could not be positive of it—if any sum was received by him between the 5th and 17th, of 22l. from Mr. D. sombre, there is no account of it, nor for 6l. or six guineas for a sable boa on the 16th of January—there is no leaf gone till after the date of 17th.

Prisoner. Q. Is George here? A. No—the prisoner subpcened our porter, and he is in attendance—I received a note from the prisoner yester day requesting the boy might com here, but I thought if the prisoner intended him to come he would have subpcened him—I considered it merely done do put me to inconvenience.





PIER DANIEL ROULIN
. I am a Swiss, and am valet in the service of colonel D. Sombre. In January last, my master was staying at the Clarendon hotel, New Bound-street. On the 5th of January, about twelve o'clock, I paid the prisoner, on account of Mr. D Sombre, 22l. for a fur coat—he wrote this receipt in my presence, and gave me this bill of parcels with it—my master had had the coat the day before—(read.)

Prisoner. Q. What did you pay? A. 22l.—there was 1s. over

which you said did not signify, and there was 10s. which you gave to the footman—I informed Mr. Bourne of it afterwards.





HENRY SHAW
. In January last I was in the service of Messrs Bourne—on the 17th the prisoner was in their service—I remember the day—two ladies purchased a sable boa—I saw them pay 6l. or six guinea to the prisoner over the counter—it was his duty to enter it in the book—in consequence of something that happened, I afterwards informed my master—the prisoner left on the evening of the 19th, and never returned—I have looked through the book—there is no entry of either of these some—it is customary to take a ticket off an article sold, and to enter on the back of it the day it was sold, and what it is sold for—the ticket of the boa was found in a drawer after the prisoner left—I have looked through the books, and there is no entry of the articles.

COURT. Q. Is it usual to put on the back of the ticket the price as well as the day of the sale? A. The day of the sale, but the price is entered in the book—this is the shop-book, but each shopman has also a small book, and as he sells an article he enters it in this general book.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was there a servant in the establishment who has since gone away? A. Yes, his name is Capon—he left on the 19th, the same day as the prisoner, and neither of them returned—the accounts of Capon have been examined.

Prisoner. Q. What time did I sell the boa to the two ladies? A. About eight o'clock in the evening—I was in the shop when you received the money—it was 6l. or six guineas—I believe it was paid in sovereigns.

Q. Who paid it, a lady or gentleman? A. I did not notice—it was laid on the counter—I cannot say whether there was one or two ladies—there might be a gentleman there, but such things occur so many times a day, and my attention was not called to it till some time after—I believe there was a gentleman with them, but cannot say whether it was a lady and gentleman or two ladies and a gentleman—I think it was a gentleman paid the money, but cannot swear positively—my back was turned at the time, cleaning the windows—I turned round, and saw the money on the counter.

Prisoner. The gentleman paid me a 5l. note, and the lady took a sovereign from her purse.

COURT. Q. What became of the boa? A. The lady took it away, either on her neck or in a parcel—my attention was not drawn to this till after the prisoner had absconded, on the morning of the 20th—I had not been directed to watch him.

Prisoner. Q. Was you not aware I was going before I went, in the morning, when Samuel Bourne came up with about twenty accounts for me to put the addresses to? A. No—I was aware you went to Oxford-terrace about a boa, but was not aware of the circumstances—I remember Samuel Bourne coming up to Mr. Capon with the accounts—I did not call George or William to tell where Mrs. Anderson at the Home Regent's-park, was—I did not send you down stairs out of the way—I did not tell you not to stop on the premises, nor know of your going to a public-house—I have no idea where you went afterwards—I did not go to look for you after the shop was closed, nor see Capon that night—I did not go to Hay ward's, the Green Man public-house, in Berwick-street, that night, and have ale with you, nor leave word where Capon could find you—I was not in Bruton-street that night—I went to meet a

friend, and was with him all the evening—I did not leave an address at Hayward's where you should write to me, nor promise to send you all the particulars how the affair was going on—you were not to address me at Watts and Co.'s, tailors, St. James. street.

COURT. Q. What situation did you fill in the shop? A. I was shop man, the same as the prisoner—we never had any differences—I have been in the employ since September last—he was there before me—I do not believe I ever had a word with him.

Prisoner's Defence. On the morning before I left, Edward Bourne came up with about twenty different accounts for me to put the addresses on; he had a great many accounts to deliver; as soon as the boy came in, and he was gone, I told Shaw I had received 21l. 10s. for the fur coat, which was not accounted for, on the 5th of January; also the boa, which I sold, and entered in the sale-book, but the leaf was torn out by Capon, which I have a witness of; if he will speak the truth, he will admit seeing him tear it out; I told him the boa was entered, and I tore off the ticket, and put it into the ticket-box; if I intended to keep the money back, I should not have written the ticket off and put it into the box in the regular way—I wrote it off for the 18th, and Mr. Bourne had the ticket—the boa was sold on the 17th, but, it being late at night, I entered it on the 18th; the leaf was torn out on the Tuesday.





WILLIAM MAYES
 (examined by the Prisoner.) I recollect the morning Samuel Bourne brought up the accounts—he asked where the Home was in the Regent's-park—I do not recollect seeing the sable boa entered in the day-book for 6l.—I do not recollect seeing Mr. Capon with the book down stairs—I remember your coming back to the shop for your coat after the shop was closed on the 19th.

COURT. Q. At night before he left for good? A. Yes.

Prisoner. Q. Do you recollect Capon coming there the night before I left? A. Yes—I do not recollect that Shaw left word, if Capon called, where he and you were to be found.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. What situation did you fill in the establishment? A. A porter—I was not aware that the prisoner or Capon was not coming back next morning—it was not usual for the servants to come after the shop was closed—the prisoner came back for his top-coat.
(On examining the book, the entries appeared regular up to the17 th or 18th of March, after which there appeared to be a leaf torn out.)





HENRY SHAW

re-examined. I knew of the sale of this coat, but not of the receipt of the money—he never mentioned to me at any time that the prisoner had received it and entered it—he and Capon were not more intimate than shopmen generally are—it is the custom to make some allow ance to noblemen's upper servants when articles are bought—all tradesmen are obliged to do it—here is the prisoner's handwriting in the book both on the 18th and 19th—he was gone on the 20th—there is none of his writing under the head of the 20th—the leaf must have been torn out before he went away—I never heard of the leaf being torn out till the prisoner stated it at the office.

MR. BOURNE
re-examined. I produce the ticket of the sable boa, which was found in the proper drawer—(read)—"18.—42, dyed sable boa, 175"—was to be sold for six guineas, and, I believe, was sold for 6l.—the actual price it was sold for is not on the ticket, nor should it be—it should be entered in the book—I should know it was sold by finding the ticket

in the drawer, but it should be entered in the book—the prisoner has written on it the date of sale, the 18th of January.

Prisoner. I paid the money over to Capon.

MR. BOURNE. One servant was not allowed to enter for another—each entered what he sold, and put the money into the desk.

COURT. Q. Did you tear the leaf out of the book? A. Certainly not—I was not aware of it till the prisoner mentioned it at Marlborough-street.





GEORGE ALGER
. (This witness was sent for at the prisoner's desire, and was examined by him.) I saw Capon tear a leaf out of the book—I cannot recollect when—I think it was about a week or fortnight before he left.

COURT. Q. Was there any thing written in the leaf he tore out? A. I cannot say—I did not see it afterwards—it was more than a day before he left, or two or three days, I know—it was done in the kitchen, about the middle of the day—Capon was often in the kitchen with the books, writing—I am a porter—the book was kept in the shop, but Capon wrote out of that into other books—I did not see any thing written on the leaf—Capos said nothing to me, or I to him—I did not tell Mr. Bourne of this—I was at my dinner—there was nobody there besides Capon and me.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was not the prisoner there? A. No—I did not tell the prisoner I had seen it torn out—I do not know how he heard it—Capon brought the book down himself—I cannot tell whether it was done in the same week as they left—Capon burnt the leaf in my presence-my master was at the other shop in Lamb's Conduit-street at the time, I sup pose.

Prisoner. Q. Do you recollect Samuel Bourne bringing up some bills one morning? A. Yes—he asked where the Home in Regent's park was—when he was gone out, you did not say, in my presence, that you had kept back 21l. 10s. for a coat—I do not recollect any thing of it—you did not tell Shaw in my presence that you had paid over the 21l. 10s., and not entered it—I did not hear a word about the sable boa, nor did I tell you the leaf had been torn out.

MR. BOURNE
re-examined. I found out that this 21l. 10s. had been paid on the Saturday after the prisoner absconded—suspecting some thing, I directed my partner to apply for the money.

Prisoner to
CHARLES ALGER. Q. DO you recollect my coming down into the kitchen to dinner the day before I left? A. I recollect going down while you was at dinner—I do not recollect anything about your being placed down there three or four hours, or any time—I remember your going to Mr. Wilson's in Oxford-terrace—I did not see you come back—Capon came back after Shaw left the shop, that night-nobody told him in my presence where to come to you, nor where you were to be found.

Prisoner. Capon came and found me and Shaw in Bruton-street, together—we had some rum-and-water—I had not made up my mind to leave at that time—I told him I had kept back the 21l. 10s., which I had paid over to Capon—also of the boa which I had torn out of the book—Shaw said, "You run a risk here, you will get transported"—I said "Well, I will see it out"—he asked if I had any money to defend myself—I said not, and he persuaded me to go—he recommended me to go to Page's in Bruton-street—(when I came back from Oxford-terrace, he would not allow me to come back)—I came through different streets, opposite

No. 244, Regent-street, and stopped there a quarter of an hour, at last it was decided that me and Capon should go; Shaw said, "Well, if you are going to leave, it won't do for me to be seen with you, I will go to Hay ward's in Berwick-street;" I went to the shop, got my greatcoat and two or three things, and told William the porter I was going; Capon came into the shop at the time; there was an 8l. cheque in the desk; Capon took it and got it changed; we went down Berwick-street to Capon's uncle's, and he had 10l. from the Loan society; then went to Berwick-street, met Shaw, had something to drink, and it was arranged I was not to write to Shaw at Regent-street, but at No. 2, St. James's-street, at Willis's and Co., who I believe, are his tailors, he then bid me farewell; it appears from what he said to my wife and Mrs. Capon, he was offended, because we have not written to say where we were—as we were in Conduit-street, he said if he had known Capon had been so much back in his account he would have assisted him, but now nothing could be done but our starting; as to George and William, they knew Capon had been out all day.
(Philip Solomon, of Wilstead-street, Somers-town, deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder,

