





1930. 




EDWARD THORNBERG
 and 




JOHN WILLIAM GODFREY
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 pair of boots, value 2s., the goods of 



George Brightling; and that they had both been before convicted of felony.






THOMAS BENT
. (police-constable V 95.) On the 23rd of June I saw the two prisoners together, and watched them—they went to the shop of Mr. Farrell, a greengrocer, in Union-road, Clapham—Godfrey looked in at the window, and then Thornberg went stealthily round the door-post into the shop—Godfrey stood at the door—Thornberg came out again, and they went away together—I went into the shop, and then followed the prisoners to different places—I then took them, and found Thornberg in possession of this pair of boots—he was carrying them openly—I had seen the prisoners in conversation with a woman just before I took them, and the woman took the boots out of Thornberg's hand, looked at them, and returned them to him—when I took the boots, the prisoners said they had bought them of a boy up the Clapham-road, who was selling flowers—I had seen such a boy, but he and the prisoners had not spoken to each other—they were on one side of the road, and he on the other.





ELIZA FARRELL
. I am nearly thirteen years old—I live with my father, William Farrell, a greengrocer, in Union-road, Clapham. I recollect the officer Bent coming to me—I had before that seen Thornberg in the shop—he asked me which was the way to Clapham-common—I was going to show him, and the officer came in.





GEORGE BRIGHTLING
. I am a journeyman butcher, and live in Union-street, Clapham. These are my boots—I gave them to Mr. Farrell, the father of Eliza Farrell, about eight o'clock on Monday morning, the 23rd of June, to take to another person—he put them on the counter in his shop—I afterwards learned that the man who was to repair them had never seen them—I then found them in possession of the officer.





THOMAS BENT
. re-examined. It was about ten o'clock when Thornberg went into Mr. Farrell's shop, and I stopped the prisoners about half-past twelve—I had kept watching them all the time.





WILLIAM PARNELL
. (police-sergeant M 5.) I produce a certificate of the conviction of the prisoner Thornberg, at the Quarter Sessions at Newington—he is the person—(read—Convicted 13th Sept., 1841, confined in solitude seven days, and whipped.)





THOMAS HYDE
. (police-constable L 137.) I produce a certificate of the conviction of the prisoner Godfrey, at the Quarter Sessions at Newington—he is the person—(read—Convicted the 8th of July, 1845, confined three months, and whipped.)

THORNBERG*—


GUILTY
. Aged 17

GODFREY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 16





Transported for Seven Years.

