




2133. 




MARY ANN SMITH
 and 




CAROLINE WILLIAMS
 were indicted for

 stealing 35 handkerchiefs, value 14s., the goods of 



Elizabeth Knox; and that Williams had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES SWANN
. I deal in toys, and live in Wellington-street, Waterloo-town. I occasionally keep a stall in Whitechapel-road—I had one there on Saturday, the 27th of July—about four in the afternoon I saw the prisoners together, walking up the street—they went to Mrs. Knox's shop—Williams took a bundle of handkerchiefs from the door, and gave them to Smith, who put them in her apron, and they walked away together—I saw Bleachmore, told him, and he followed them—I after that saw Smith in charge—I am sure they are the persons.





JOSEPH BLEACHMORE
. I am servant to Elizabeth Knox, a hosier, in High-street, Whitechapel. Between four and five o'clock that day I left the shop on an errand—Miss Pearce, an aunt of my mistress's, was in the parlour—I was away a very few minutes—Swan saw me, and told me something—I looked on the stand at the door, and missed the bundle of handkerchiefs, which I had placed on a stand eighteen inches inside the door—I had seen them safe as I was going out—I followed the prisoners—they were then three doors off—Smith turned round to me and said, "What are you looking at?"—they turned round Essex-street—I saw Smith go to where they are pulling down a house, and she there let the bundle of handkerchiefs fall from her apron—I took them up—she then crossed over, and the two prisoners walked on together—the officer was sitting on the ruins—I ran to him, and gave Smith into custody, but not Williams, because I did not see her do anything—-these are my mistress's handkerchiefs.





CHARLES BYRON
 (police-constable H 157.) From what Bleachmore said, I took Smith—Williams was apprehended about an hour and a half after I left—I heard Williams say that she was not in company with Smith, nor had she seen her that day.

Smith. I am quite innocent, and Williams was not in my company.

Williams. I know nothing about them.





MICHAEL CONWAY
 (police-constable H 138.) I produce a certificate of Williams's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—Confineed Six Months.


WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—



Transported for Seven Years.

