



1684. 




GEORGE MARRIOTT
 was indicted

 for stealing 24 reams of paper, value 18l. 4. 6d.; the goods of 




George Frederick Cragg.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES AUGUSTUS CRAGG
. I am in the employ of my brother George Frederick Cragg—he is a wholesale fancy stationer in Budge-row. On the 29th of April the prisoner came to me—he said he wanted to send sontf paper to his son in Australia, and he wished to know our terms of doing business—I said our terms were five per cent, discount for cash, or a bill at three months, with respectable references—he left me a card similar to this

(looking at one), with George Marriott and Son on it—I do not know what became of the card—he said he was beginning business with his son as whole sale ironmongers in Trinity-lane—that he intended to expend about 2000l. on his son, and, as he should be rather short, he thought he would accept of the tjme—he desired me to select the goods—I did so, and sent the invoice to him at Trinity-lane—he gave a reference to Neil and Mellish, No. 3, Austin Friars—I went there, I think on the 30th of April, and saw a gentleman who represented himself as Mr. Neil—I told him I came from George Franeis Cragg, a wholesale stationer—he said he had known Mr. Marriott a great number of years, and always found him a very business-like man—he always paid him punctually, and that they (Neil and Mellish) were then executing an order for him of about 100l.—he did not say what it was for—I understood it was something in the iron way—I had not sent the invoice of the paper before I had been to Neil and Mellish—I sent the invoice on the 1st of May—after I sent it, the prisoner sent for some paper several times—he said it was to pack ironmongery with, which was for his son in Australia—he called several times after that—I asked him about a bill—he said he would accept a bill at three months, and MR. Neil would discount it for him—I agreed to that, and told my brother and he agreed to it—on the 6th of May my brother went to the prisoner and he accepted the bill—my brother came back about half-past one with the bill—I saw it purported to be accepted by George Marriott and Son—my brother then went to Neil and Mellish to get it discounted—after he was gone the prisoner came—he said he wanted the paper very bad indeed—he wanted to ship a large quantity of ironmongery on board the Britannia that evening, and he wanted the paper immediately—my brother bad not given me authority to part with any of the goods, but I did part with the twenty-four reams of paper, because I thought my brother would succeed in getting the bill discounted at Neil and Mellishfs—I sent the twenty-four reams of paper by the boy—the value of them was 18l. odd.

COURT. Q. What induced you to send these reams of paper? A. Seeing my brother with the bill, and thinking he would get paid for it—my brother told me he would not part with the goods till he got the money, and he told the prisoner so in my presence.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. How long have you been in your brother's employ? A. Three years and a quarter—he has no partner—I manage the business in his absence—I am in the habit of selling goods and delivering them if he should be absent in the country or anywhere—it was on the 6th of May the prisoner came, when my brother had gone out with the bill—these goods did not complete the order, which was for 50l., they were the first of it—I delivered him goods to the amount of 18l. some few shillings—I am positive I bad seen the bill before that—my brother before—I delivered these goods to the prisoner because I believed the bill would be discounted—no goods were delivered afterwards.

COURT. Q. Have you authority to deliver goods for yoor brother? A. Generally so, but not in this case.





GEORGE FREDERICK CRAOO
. I ami wholesale stationer, and live in Budge-row—the last witness was in my employ—he had control over my property to sell it and so forth generally—in consequence of a communicationreceived from him, I saw the prisoner about the 4th of May—I told him my terms were cash five per cent., but on any respectable reference he might give, had no objection to take a bill at three months, but I was determined not to be swindled as I was last year, by a wholesale ironmonger of the name of

Harden—he said he would refer me to two respectable men, and that he wanted to send some goods to his son in Australia—my brother told me something that had transpired between him and the prisoner, and in consequence of that I told the prisoner he should not have the goods without the money—I had been swindled before, and I was determined to have a good reference—he referred roe to Neil and Mellish, who he said lived in Austin Friars, and who were bill discounters, and had been there for many years—he did not mention what goods he wanted, to me—he gave the order to my brother—I went to Austin Friars to see Neil and Mellish—I did not see any body the first time—I saw a brass plate on the door with "Neil and Mellish"on it—I went again and saw Neil—I stated I had a gentleman of the name of Marriott called at my counting-house, and wanted a case of goods, to the amount of fifty odd pounds—I said I had been sent by him to them for a reference—Neil said they had known him many years, and they would discount a bill of his to any amount, directly it was produced, without my name being on the back of it—I said if Marriott did not take it up they would come on me for the money—I produced a bill stamp to the prisoner in his own counting-house, on the 6th of May about half-past one o'clock in the day—I drew the bill in his presence and he accepted it—I had not given any direction to my brother about the goods—my words to the prisoner were, "MR. Marriott, Neil, and Mellish'8 names are not in the Directory, you shall not have one farthing worth of goods of mine, till I get the bond fide money for it"—after the prisoner bad accepted the bill, I went to my brother and gave him directions not to let the prisoner have the paper till I came back with the money—he had no authority to part with that paper in my absence—I told him not—he had no authority whatever to part with any of that property to the prisoner—having got the bill accepted by the prisoner, I went to Neil and Mellish to get it discounted—I did not find Mr. Neil at that time, he was not in the way—I afterwards saw him and presented the bill—he said he was very sorry, but he I had paid a large sum of money that morning, and he had been disappointed—he did not discount it—I returned to my counting-house, and found the prisoner had got the paper—I scolded my brother—I went and found the prisoner in his house in Great Trinity-lane, and said How dare he to come to my warehouse and get the paper—I went to his landlord, and then saw the prisoner again—he asked me How I dared to go to his landlord—I told him I considered I had a right to go to his landlord and find him out, because be gave me no reference whatever—he abused me and made use of improper language—he stated he would bring an action against me—he used the word "fool, "and said if I had kept myself quiet he would have paid me.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the bill given you on the 6th of May? A. Yes—it is dated the 6th—this is it—about two hours and a quarter elapsed between my going to Neil, and returning to my warehouse—before the bill was drawn the prisoner said that Neil would not discount it till he got the bill of lading of the goods that were to be shipped for Australia—my brother has the management of the business—he saw the prisoner, and negotiated the order—he has no share in the business—he has a weekly salary—I am much out of town.

Q. Supposing you had been absent from town, and your brother had delivered these goods to Marriott, he would have had your full authority to do so? A. He would not have had authority without communicating to me—if am on a journey, he would communicate with me—he has not authority to deliver goods to strangers without communicating with me—I never nw an instance of his communicating with me when was in the country, bnti he does not, he waits till come to town—I am never away more than three

days—if a party wishes goods, an inventory is left for a day or two, and then I am in town—I cannot answer whether a portion of these goods was delivered before the bill was given—I was not at home to have the management of that department.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. The prisoner told you Neil would not discount the bill till he had got the bill of lading? A. Yes, the bill of lading would be the prisoner's, not mine.

MR. PARRY
to
CHARLES AUGUSTUS CRAGG. Q. Did not the boy take some goods in a truck from your warehouse to the prisoner? A. Yes—he took them all in a truck—there were no goods delivered till the 6th of May, after my brother got the bill.





BENJAMIN CROUCH
. I am errand-boy to Mr. Cragg. remember about the 6th of May taking six reams of paper in a truck to Mr. Marriott's in Great Trinity-lane—I left the goods there—I found a young man there who received the paper—he signed this delivery-book.

Cross-examined. Q. Look at this book and see the date of it, was not it the 4th of May, and not on the 6th, that you delivered these goods? A. I do not know I am sure whether it was on the 4th—the date at the top of the page is the 4th—Marriott's is under that date.





CHARLES AUGUSTUS CRAGG

re-examined. Q. Was any portion of the goods delivered into the hands of the boy before the 6th of May? A. No—this is our delivery-book—it is my writing—here is the 4th of May at the top of it, and the goods that next follow were delivered on the 4th of May—there are several items after that—I know that the delivery of these goods to Marriott was on the 6th of May, by the bill which he accepted—I am quite sure no goods left our house for him till I sawthe bill accepted by Marriott—this is the bill.





GEORGE FREDERICK CRAGG

re-examined. This bill was given me on the 6th of May—till I saw this I did not part with a single item of goods—what goods were delivered were in my absence.





MARY SHELTON
. I am housekeeper at No. 16, Great Trinity-lane—the house belongs to a gentleman named James—in May last the prisoner took the warehouse, and occupied it in the name of Marriott and Son—this is his card, "G. Marriott, and Son, wholesale ironmongers, No. 16, Great Trinity-lane"—there was no ironmongery came to the premises while I was there—I staid till the prisoner left—I remember a truck-load of paper coming there—there was nothing on the premises beside some empty cases—I do not recollect the day the prisoner quitted—it was three weeks or a month from the time the paper came—he gave no notice of leaving.

Cross-examined. Q. He left at the end of May? A. About that time—he had a warehouse and counting-house—I was in the habit of going in the warehouse the first week that he was there—I had messages to deliver several times—after that I did not go in very often—there was a clerk after the first week.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was there anything else but the warehouse, the counting-house, some empty boxes, and some one to look after it? A. No-there were no persons bringing goods there that I saw—I once saw sorae-hody that passed as the prisoner's son.





MARY ANN WATTS
. I am the wife of Charles Watts—I am housekeeper at No. 3, Austinfriars—the house belongs to Mr. Fisher—I know the prisoner by the name of Mellish—he took the office in Austinfriars with Mr. Neil, on the Monday before Lady-day—I showed the office to them—I remember the brass-plate that was there—I used to hear the prisoner called—he was there about three weeks, and MR. Neil was there the same time,

backwards and forwards—there was a clerk, of the name of Newton, who used to come there—he used to ask me whether MR. Neil or MR. Mellish had been—I did not hear him call the prisoner MR. Mellish—when they came I asked which was which, and the prisoner said, "My name is Mellwh"—I asked MR. Neil, after they had been there a fortnight, what business they were carrying on, and he said they were in the shipping line—it was a ready-furnished counting-house—there were two rooms, and the door of each opened on the landing, so that you could go out of one room into the other, or out of either on to the landing—there were no goods brought there that I saw—they left on the Monday after quarter-day—they paid no rent.

Cross-examined. Q. It was a counting-house, was it not 1A. Yes, not a warehouse—sometimes small parcels are put into counting-houses, but there was nothing in the counting-house—there was pens, ink, and paper, but not much of that—there were no large bales or packages—we do not allow such things to come up stairs.





NICHOLAS MULLINS
 (police-constable R 306.) I know the prisoner by the name of Charles Peet.





WILLIAM DUBOIS
 (police-constable N 14.) On the 2nd of July I went, with a warrant, to Stockton-on-Tees, in Durham—I found the prisoner locked np in the station there, by the name of Charles Metcalf—I found out his lodging, and went there—I read the warrant to him—he said it was a bond fie transaction—the goods were bought in a regular way, and when he came to Court he should change the face of affairs—the warrant was the subject of this inquiry—the usual questions were put to him by the clerk at the Compter—I heard him put numerous questions—they were taken down in writing and entered in a large book.

Cross-examined. Q. Who took this down? A. A gentleman—I suppo I one of the officers—I do not know whether he was a clerk—I do not know whether that is the course usually pursued, but I saw this entered in a book, and what the prisoner said.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. He was asked if he was married—what answer did he give? A. Yes—he was asked whether he had any children—he said, I M None alive"—it was entered in the book, "None"—I heard him say so.




GUILTY
. Aged 48.—


Transported for Seven Years


