




733. 




JOHN KNOTT
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the shop of 



Nathaniel Summers Pearce, on the 
10th of January, at St. Clement's Danes, and stealing therein, 5 coats, value 5l.; 13 waistcoats, value 6l.; and 6 pairs of trowsers, value 3l. 10s.; his property.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






NATHANIEL SUMMERS PEARSE
. I keep a hair-dresser's shop in St. Clement's Danes, opposite the church. On Sunday night, the 10th of January, I left the shop—I only rent the shop—it is Mr. Wyatt's house—there are several lodgers—I fastened up my shop about half-past six o'clock, and locked the shop-door—next morning, about half-past seven, I went there again—I found the door locked, but on unlocking it I found all the articles stated gone—they had hung on the door—I received information from Mr. Wyatt, and afterwards saw the waistcoat now produced—it is one of those I left in the shop—it was on a rail when I left it, not on the floor—there was another waistcoat on the floor.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. All your things were not gone? A. No, some were left—the door opened easily with the key.





JOHN WYATT
. I live with my mother, who keeps the Sun public-house in Clement's-inn, foregate. On Sunday night, about half-past eleven o'clock, I observed seven or eight persons drinking at the bar—my attention was directed to them particularly—two or three left together, then returned again, and then they went away, leaving one behind—in consequence of something I heard, I went out to Mr. Ptarse's after the last one left the bar—I saw the shop-door on the jar—I ran to the door and laid hold of the handle, and as I pulled from the outside, I fancied somebody was pulling from the inside—I kept my hold about five minutes—Slade, a policeman, came—I told him to hold the door while I got assistance—we afterwards went in, and found the prisoner in the shop—he was one of those who had been drinking in my house—next morning I saw a crow-bar produced.

Cross-examined. Q. How long were the men drinking there? A. Nearly ten minutes, I think—two went out, and then three, at a time, and returned again—nearly ten minutes elapsed between their coming in and going out together—directly the last one left, I went to Mr. Pearse's—I saw the other parties standing on the opposite side of the way, peeping round at me—they were persons who had been in my house—they stood over there the whole time I had the door in my hand—the prisoner said he had found the door open, and went in to be shaved—he did not say so at first—he did after he was remanded to Bow-street—he said nothing till the policeman spoke to him, and then he said, "I came in to be shaved"—I never said that when he was taken he said be found the door open and went in to be shaved, nor any thing of the sort—there was no light in the shop when I first went in—nothing was found on him to get one with—I got one.

MR. DOANE. Q. Had he any beard? A. I do not think he had—his companions were near the shutter-place of Mr. Witherick's, the pastrycook, and could have put any thing in where the jemmy was found—when the prisoner came out I fastened the door close—there was a latch, which was shut to.





ISAAC SLADE
. I am an officer. I cnme by while Wyatt was holding the door—I went in with him and found the prisoner—I picked up this waistcoat lying close to his feet—I received this jemmy on the following

morning from Wyatt—I compared it with the door of the shop, and it fits exactly the marks on the door-post and the door—it was a very deep impression on the door.

Cross-examined. Q. How was the crow-bar applied? A. To force the door open—I do not think there would be much trouble to do it—when I first went into the shop I asked the prisoner what brought him there—he said he came in to get shaved—I do not recollect his saying that be saw the door open, and called in to get shaved—I recollect hit saying he came in to get shaved—that was the first answer he gave—he said before the Magistrate that he found the door open, and called in to get shaved, and he said he was drunk, but he was not—he did not say in the shop, that as he was passing by he saw the door open—I swear that—(looking at his deposition)—this is my signature.
(The witness's deposition being read, stated—"I saw the prisoner standing in the centre of the shop—I asked him what brought him there, and he said as he was passing by the shop he saw the door open, and called in to get shaved.")

Witness. I have no recollection of stating that—I found nothing on the prisoner but a knife.





ROBERT WITHERICK
. I am a confectioner. My shop-front is in the Strand, my shutter-box is in the foregate, St. Clement's, nearly opposite the prosecutor's shop. On Monday morning, the 11th of January, I was removing my shutters, and after putting up the second shutter, I heard something fall, and found this crow-bar—it fell down on the ledge—I gave it to Saers.





JOHN SAERS
. I live in the foregate. I received the crow-bar from Witherick, and gave it to Wyatt




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.
