



2005. 




JAMES LLOYD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of June 1 breast-pin, value 2l. 10s., the goods of 




John Nolan, from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.





JOHN NOLAN
. I am a mason, and live at Lambeth. About fire minutes before one o'clock, on the morning of the 6th of June, I was coming out of a public-house—the prisoner was in the house—as I passed through the persons who were collected there with him, the prisoner raised his left arm, and with his left hand pulled the pin out of my scarf—it was a large gold pin, with turquoise stones, worth about 2l. 10s.—I saw him pass something with his left hand to a female who stood on his right—she did not go away—I do not know what became of her—I went to the door, called a policeman, and about a second or so after I charged him with the robbery, the people of the house opened the door, and allowed the prisoner and three or four more to go away—I followed the prisoner, and gave him in charge—his companions went away without waiting to see what was to be done to him.

Prisoner. The landlord of the house was standing by at the time be accused me of taking the pin out of his bosom; I said to the landlord, "Did you see me do it?" he said," It is very false"—I never put my hand near him at all. Witness. He is the man, I am quite certain.





LAWRENCE DACY
 (police-constable L 107.) I took the prisoner to the station, searched him, and found half-a-crown, a shilling, a sixpence, and three halfpence on him.

JURY. Q. Was the prisoner at all intoxicated? A. I could not perceive it exactly; he was under the influence of liquor, but was not drunk—the prosecutor was not in liquor; there was, no appearance of his baring been drinking.





JAMES BROOK
. I am a policeman. I produce the certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at the trial—he is the person described in the certificate. 


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—



Transported for Ten Years.
