



1100. 




GEORGE WALKER
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
22nd of Jan., 64lbs. weight of butter, value 3l.; the goods of 



George Miles, his master.






GEORGE MILES
. The prisoner was in my employ—it was his duty to take out goods to sell on my account, and to account to me for them. On the

23rd of Jan. he took out a large quantity of goods, and when he returned he made this entry in his book, in which he charges Mr. Brown with thirty-two lumps of butter, at 11s. 6d. a dozen—a lump weighs 2lbs.—there were 64lbs. of it, which would come to about 3l.—when I made the search at Windmill-street, I found about 1 1/2lbs. of butter in this basket, in which I sent out butter, and which I recognised as mine—this butter is kept in flats—that was the way in which it was the prisoner's duty to take it our for sale—one flat would take out thirty-two lumps—I found some flats of mine at the house in Windmill-street.

Cross-examined by
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. And did you find any that were not yours? A. Yes; about as many of one sort as the other—flats are not all like one another—I cannot speak particularly to any flat that took out the butter on the 23rd of Jan.

COURT. Q. None of your flats had any business there? A. No.





JOHN BROWN
. I am a cheesemonger, and live in Walworth-road—I am in the habit of dealing with Mr. Miles occasionally, and Walker supplied me with goods—he did not, on the 23rd of Jan., leave me any goods—I did not buy at that time thirty-two lumps of butter—I have not bought any thing of him for five or six months—I have not bought any thing of him on his own account for eighteen months or two years.





SAMUEL HARRIS
 (police-constable L 177.) In Jan. I saw Gilbert and the prisoner together, when the cart was in White Horse-street—I have seen Gilbert talking to him, and have seen her leave with different parcels—I have seen her take things of the size of a flat.

COURT. Q. Do you remember the 23rd of Jan.? A. I do not recollect the day, but in the month of Jan. I have seen goods carried from the cart.

Cross-examined. Q. You never took any memorandum of the day? A. Not in the month of Jan.—I took a memorandum of the 3rd of Feb., but what was done on the 23rd of Jan., or any other particular day, I do not know.

MR. ADOLPHUS
called






THOMAS BAISLEY
. I am a cheesemonger, and live in William-street, Westminster. I know the prisoner—I think he delivered me thirty-two lumps of butter on the 23rd of Jan., on account of Mr. Miles—I owe Mr. Miles the money for it, and am ready to account for it any time the bill comes forward.

COURT. Q. He left no bill, then? A. No—I never had any transaction with Mr. Miles—I have bought things of the prisoner before, and paid him for them—I bought this butter for my brother—I was not known to Mr. Miles as a customer—I never paid him a farthing—I have seen him at his shop—I have known him by sight these four years—I have not made any entry in my books against myself of this transaction, as bought of Mr. Miles—I bought this butter for my brother, who is here, and if the bill had been produced, he would have paid it—I have charged my brother with this butter, in my books—they are not here—I am not in business for myself—I am shopman to my brother—I did not make any entry in my brother's book—he always pays for every thing I buy when the bill is presented.

Q. How would anybody be able to pay, if the name is not put down? A. I do not know but what the name is put down—my brother is indebted to Mr. Miles for this—at least he has had the butter, and there was no bill of parcels with it—my brother was not at home at the time.

MR. CROUCH. Q. Did you ever deal with Mr. Miles before? A. I have dealt with the prisoner—I always paid ready money before—the date of this

transaction was the 23rd of Jan.—I knew where Mr. Miles lived—I have been to his shop before—I was in the service of my brother—I never bought of the prisoner on credit before, but I did not pay him then, because I had not money in the house, and he said he should call in a week—the butter came to about 3l.—I think there were 64lbs., at 1 1/2 d. a pound—it was is a flat—thirty-two lumps—2lbs. in a lump.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. How long have you known the prisoner? A. Above two years—he always bore a good character, as far as I know.





GEORGE MILES

re-examined. I know Mr. Baisley. The prisoner had never sold anything to him on my account—he never gave his name as a purchaser—I saw my cart drawn up by the end of the street he lives in—pulled up behind it, and saw Walker coming out—I asked what he had been doing there—he said he had only been up there—I never had the name of Baisley reported as a customer to me—Baisley's brother lived with me, and this one is out of place—they are idleing about, and it is my opinion they have taken the goods and sold them between them.




GUILTY
. Aged 37.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There were three other indictments against the prisoner.)

Before 


Edward Bullock, Esq.

