




1546. 




JAMES GREEN
 and 




JOSEPH MARSHALL



, stealing, at 
St. John's, Hackney, 15 spoons and 1 pair of nut-crackers, value 7l.; the goods. of 



William Smyth, in his dwelling-house.







FANNY SMYTH
. I am the wife of William Smyth, of Middleton-raw, Dalston, in the parish of St. John's, Hackney. On Thursday morning 1st June, I was at the front kitchen window, heard some one at the closet, andcalled to know who it was—the servant answered that it was not her, she wasup stairs—I then saw the prisoner Marshall going out at the front graden, gate—I first heard the noise at the back of the house—there is a sideentrance that leads round to the back—I saw Marshall beckon to Green, whowas on the other bide of the way—they spoke together, and then separated—I ran to the cupboard, and missed the plate-basket, containing fifteen spoonsand a pair of plated nut-crackers, which I had seen safe not five minutesbefore—they were worth 7l.—the basket was found outside, at the back—thegate was not locked—I called Mr. Saver, a neighbour, pointed out Marshallto him, and asked him to take him—Green, who was on the other side of theway, was stopped by Tyler—Tyler said it was all right, Green had thrownsome spoons over the wall—I found three spoons over the wall of No. 6, among the flower-beds—two were bent, and one straight—they did notbelong to roe.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE, Q. You were in the kitchen? A. Yes—that is even with the garden—there are parluurs above, you go up a fewsteps to the house—my servant is not here—the front garden is about aslong as from me to the Judge—Marshall went to the right, a little furtherdown, and then beckoned to Green—there is no wall in the front of thehouse, it is a mere open paling—there is a house next to ours—I couldsee them very plainly, and after my suspicion that it was not all right I tookmore notice than I otherwise should have done—I looked in the cupboardbefore I spoke to any one—I did not come back to the kitchen, but directlyopened the front door, which is even with the passage, and told Mr. Sayer—Marshall was then going in one direction, and Green in the other—the wholedid not take above half a minute.





GEORGE TYLER
. I am a greengrocer. On Thursday, 1st June, betweenten and eleven o'clock, I was in Middleton-row—Mrs. Smyth called to me tostop Green, who was walking away from the house—I went after him, andtook him—he drew his hands from his coat-pocket, and threw some spoonsover a garden-wall—Mrs. Smyth came up, and I told her to go and get thespoons—she went, and brought them back—when the policeman came, theprisoner denied having thrown the spoons over the wall, and having everseen me.

Cross-examined. Q. Where is your business? A. In Kingsland-road—I was going about with my dirt, serving customers.





JAMES JACQUES
 (policeman, N 47.) On 1st June, about a quarter-past teno'clock, I was sent for to Mrs. Smith's, and found the two prisoners in thepassage—I searched them—on Green I found 1s. 1d., andon Marshall threehalfpence, he strongly denied being the person that had been in the house—I secured the prisoners, and went with Mrs. Smyth to the back of the house, and by the balcony at the back door I found a plate-basket concealed undera carpet—it had been removed, and left behind—a person going round thehouse would have to pass the place where I found it—I took both prisonersto the station, and they there gave false addresses.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you got any body here from the house wherethey gave their address? A. No—I went to the house, and they knew nosuch person—one said he lived at Stratford-point, and the other at 22, Spencer-square, Brick-lane—I could learn nothing of them there—I amtold they are returned transports—I made inquiries in the neighbourhood,

and that was all the information. I got—I have been five years in thepolice.

GREEN



GUILTY
. Aged 38.

MARSHALL



GUILTY
. Aged 30.





Transported for Ten Years.

