






443. 




WILLIAM BAYLEY
 and 




MARY ANN SOMERVILLE
 were indicted for

 that they, together with four other persons, whose names are unknown, feloniously did assault 



Richard John Phillips, on the 
15th of Dec., putting him in fear and danger of his life, and taking from his person and against his will, 1 key, value 6d.; 2 pence, and 6 half-pence, his property; and immediately before, at the time of, and after the said robbery, feloniously beating, striking, and using other personal violence to him.—


2nd COUNT, for, together with others, feloniously assaulting him, with intent to rob him.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






RICHARD JOHN PHILLIPS
. I am an actor, and live in Kenniston-street, Gibson-street, Waterloo-road. At the time in question I had no engagement—on Friday, the 16th of Dec., between two and three o'clock in the morning, I had been at the Queen's Head, Piccadilly, and was going home through Castle-street, Leicester-square, in company with a female, I met the male prisoner, in company with four more persons and the female prisoner—I was knocked down immediately by the male prisoner—I had not spoken to him or to either of them—no words had been exchanged between my companion and them—I received the blow on the left temple, which felled me to the ground—the four others, who made their escape, seized hold of me by the arms and legs—my hat was knocked off—the female prisoner laid hold of me by the hair at the back of my head, and pulled me along the stones—they attempted to rifle my pockets, but could not find which pocket I had my silver in—here is the coat I had on, which is torn—they put their hands into my pockets—I was as silent as I possibly could be—I had about 5d. of halfpence

in the pocket of the coat, which was torn—they were taken, and I had two keys with the halfpence—one was the key of my box, and the other a very small key of my theatrical dressing-case, which was not taken out of my pocket, being so small, but the large key was taken out by the male prisoner—I saw him take it out while I was on the ground—the other four were holding me at the same time, and the female by the hair of my head—the female who was with me immediately went in search of a policemen—I was not on the ground more than a minute before a policeman came up with her—the male prisoner at that time had left me, and was standing at the corner of a court—the other four had made their escape—the policeman took the male prisoner into custody—after he was taken I picked up the key off the stones at the place where I was knocked down—it was the key the male prisoner had taken from my pocket—I am sure I had the halfpence about me, and had not parted with them before I was knocked down—I did not mention the halfpence before the Magistrate, because I could not swear he took them out, though I swear he took the key out—I did not see the halfpence taken from me, but am sure I had them about me at the time I was knocked down—the young woman I was with was a stranger to me—I saw her going towards Waterloo-bridge when I left the Queen's Head.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where do you act? A. I last acted at the Deptford theatre, which is open now—I was the clown there last Christmas—I had been taking a pint of porter at the Queen's Head—I do not act there, but I am acquainted with the waiter, who has a child living at Deptford—I call at Deptford frequently to see how it is going on, and four nights out of six I call at the Queen's Head on my road home, when out of a situation—I might have been there from twelve till two o'clock—I cannot undertake to say what I drank there—I was very far from being drunk when I was in Castle-street—I might have drunk, to the utmost, about four pints of porter—I think not more—I had drunk nothing before that from four to twelve—I had been at home after four—I left home about nine—I had been to Chelsea—I had been at the Bedford Arms, Cadogan-place, Chelsea, before I went to the Queen's Head—I left there about twenty minutes after eleven—I had been there an hour and a half—I mean to swear I drank nothing there—I was talking to some friends in the parlour—I cannot say what they had—they might have had beer, gin, rum, or brandy—I did not drink with any of them, because I had no money to pay my share—none of them offered me any thing to drink—I had money in my pocket, but it was to pay what I owed—I spent money at the Queen's Head—I had 10s. 6d. when I went there, which I owed for lodging, and sixpence I changed at the bar—I went from my own house to Cadogan-place—I probably had a glass of ale at dinner—I generally have half-a-pint of porter—I had no wine or spirits that day—while I was talking to the policeman, the male prisoner came up, and said, "What is the matter?"—my companion came with the policeman directly—the prisoner was prevented from getting away with the others, because he saw the policeman come up close on his legs—he would have made his escape with his companions had the policeman not been so close at his heels—he saw the policeman had his eye on him—he was at the corner of a court—I do not know the name of it—directly he saw the policeman come up, he said, "Well, I think you have been very badly used"—I said, "You are the villain who first struck me"—he asked what was the matter, or some such kind of word—he could not escape, he saw there was no opportunity, because the female witness had her eye on him as well as myself—he saw he was discovered—I first spoke about having lost halfpence yesterday in the Court, not before—I was asked by the clerk at Marlborough-street,

and I said I had some halfpence, but would say nothing about that, because I could not swear they were taken from me—I cannot swear they were taken from me at that time.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. The female prisoner had hold of you by your hair, and dragged you along, did she? A. Yes, for about three yards—the four men assisted her—they prevented my calling out, because one of the men who escaped had me by the throat—there was only me and Watson walking together—there was nothing to prevent their seizing the girl too—they thought I was a respectable person, and seized hold of me—we were walking arm-in-arm—I was knocked down ten or eleven yards from the court, to the best of my judgment—I should say within a dozen yards—it is a narrow street—I was knocked down immediately they came up.

Q. Did not you see them laughing before they came up to you? A. They were talking together—I cannot say as to laughing—I saw them very well.

Q. Were not two or three of them dancing about on the pavement rather wildly and ridiculously? A. No—the Deptford Theatre has been closed some time, but it has been opened very recently, within a day or two—I performed there last at Christmas, 1841—I have performed at many theatres since that, at Maidstone, Manchester, Doncaster, and others—my money was in my breast-pocket—I mentioned what I had in my pocket yesterday, and it was put into the indictment—Watson did not cry out—she went for a policeman.





MARY ANN WATSON
. I am single, and live at No. 3, Hand's-place, Granby-street, Waterloo-road. On the 16th of Dec. Mr. Phillips, who was a stranger to me, was going home, and I was walking with him through Bear-street, Leicester-square, which leads to Castle-street—the male prisoner was walking along behind us very quickly—he came along the front, suddenly turned round, and knocked Mr. Phillips down—the female prisoner was in his company—after he knocked Mr. Phillips down, four men came across the way from the corner of Castle-street, and came round Mr. Phillips—the female pulled him by the hair of his head—I was frightened, and went at once for a policeman—I could not see what the other men did—I found policeman C 59—the four men who surrounded him went along Bear-street, as quick as they could, towards Leicester-square—as soon as they saw the policeman, the prisoners went across the road to the corner of St. Martin's-court, and stood there—when the policeman came up the male prisoner came across the road, and I said, "That is the man that knocked Mr. Phillips down"—he is the person, I am certain—the policeman took him—I did not hear him make any observation to the constable—the woman was not taken till the next morning at the office.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did she get away? A. Yes—she was standing at the corner of the court with the man, and got away—the prosecutor was knocked down at the corner of Bear-street—the men were not laughing at the time, they laughed when they went away.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. You are on the town, are not you? A. Yes—the male prisoner was walking with the female—he walked behind us very quickly, then came in front—at that time the four men were standing at the corner of Bear-street—they were not with the prisoner when Phillips was first touched by the prisoner, they came up afterwards—I was talk-ing to Phillips at the time—I was on the outside, not nearest the wall—I did not expect he was going to be knocked down—the four men came round him as soon as he was knocked down, and I immediately went for a policeman—I was with the policeman when the male prisoner came over—the policeman was then helping Mr. Phillips up—I did not take particular notice of the countenances of the four men—we were not walking quickly—the prisoner was walking quick, as if to pass us—up to that moment I had no occasion to

notice his features—I knew him again—the female took hold of Mr. Phillips's hair after he was down, not while he was falling—she dragged him along the pavement about a yard—it was not so much as half a dozen yards—I did not see that the male prisoner helped her to drag him—the four men were round him—Mr. Phillips did not say anything to me at that moment about having lost anything—I heard the policeman ask him if he had lost anything—he said the key was out of his pocket—I cannot say whether he said it dropped out—the key was the only thing I heard mentioned, but he was walking with the policeman and the prisoner—I was a good distance behind, and another policeman said I must go to the station with them.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had you or Phillips said anything to the four men or to the prisoners before he was knocked down? A. No.





JOSEPH BARBER
. I am a policeman. About three o'clock in the morning I was passing along Bear-street, Leicester-square, and saw three or four men coming in a direction from Castle-street, they were laughing—at that time I was not aware that anything had happened to anybody—I came to the corner of Castle-street, and saw the young woman—in consequence of what she said, I went up to Mr. Phillips, who was about a yard distant from the woman, and saw Bayley standing at the corner of St. Martin's-court—the prosecutor said he had been knocked down and attempted to be robbed—Bayley came up to the prosecutor and asked him what he said—the prosecutor said that was the man who knocked him down, and he gave him into custody—Watson said, "That is the man who knocked him down," and pointed to the woman, who stood at the left-hand corner of the court, and said, "That is the woman who caught him by the hair of his head"—I did not take the woman, because she was not given into custody at the time.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE
Q. Have you told us all that passed between the male prisoner and the man? A. Yes—I was three or four yards from the men I saw laughing—it was not two minutes after I saw them that I saw the prosecutor.
(Celia Cooper, wife of William Cooper, boot and shoemaker, No. 7, King-street, Golden-square; and Mary White, widow, of No. 1, King's Head-court, Great Sunderland-street, gave Somerville a good character.)

BAYLEY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.

SOMERVILLE**—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.




GUILTY
 on the 2nd Count.





Transported for Fifteen Years.


Before Mr. Justice Wightman.

