



90. 




JAMES HOLLAND
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
19th of Nov., 1 purse, value 1s.; 4 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns, 2 half-crowns, 4 shillings, 1 groat, and 2 half-pence; the property of 



Eliza Anne Clabbon, from her person.






ELIZA ANNE CLABBON
. I reside with Mr. Hughes, of Hampton-terrace, Edgeware-road. Between one and two o'clock, on Saturday, the 19th of Nov., I got into one of Cloud's omnibuses, at the Haymarket, to go to the Bank—I had my purse in my right-hand pocket, containing the money stated—I sat on the right-hand side, close to the door—the prisoner got in in the Strand—some ladies got out at St. Clement's Church, and then I changed my seat to the left-hand side, higher up—the prisoner sat next to me—he drew himself up next to me—he had a cloak on his arm—it was thrown a little over my dress, but not sufficient to attract my attention—when we got to Ludgate-bill he got out—the conductor asked if I bad my purse—on feeling in my pocket, I found my purse and money was gone—he had sat on the same side as my purse was—I had eroded over in the omnibus, because it was a dirty day, and I did not like sitting next the door—the purse and money were found—they are mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. How long had you been in the omnibus before the ladies got out? A. About ten minutes—they were sitting higher up than the prisoner—two ladies were sitting at the end, with their backs to the horses, and one on the left band—I got oat when I found my purse was lost—I did not pay my fare myself—the person who paid my fare had not been in the omnibus—it was a person who joined me in the crowd, after I had left the omnibus—I had never seen him before—he was requested to go away before the depositions were taken at the station—there were two or three men in the omnibus, but they were elderly men—I am certain the gentleman who paid my fare had not been in the omnibus—he was a young man—he did not join me till two minutes after I left the omnibus.





THOMAS WIGGINS
. I am a conductor of Cloud's omnibus. The prosecuntrix got in at the Haymarket, and the prisoner at the Strand—I suspected, and watched him—just before we got to Temple-bar I had two sadist to put into a cab—the prosecutrix was sitting on the right side—she crossed over, and the prisoner made close up to her—he had a cloak, which he threw partly over her

dress—I watched him nil down Fleet-street—his left hand was up to his bosom, and I could see by the motion of his shoulder that his right hand was at work—when we got to Fleet-street, be took his hat off, with his left hand—when we got on to Ludgate-hill, he paid his fare, and wanted to get out in a hurry—I asked the prosecutrix to search her pocket, and she missed her purse—the prisoner ran away, down Pilgrim-street, on Ludgate-bill—he came out Into St. Mariin's-court, came round a corner, and ran into the Cock public-house—I caught him by the collar, as he came out, and brought him on to ludgate-hill, till I found a policeman—the landlord came out to know what was the matter—I asked him to go and set if he could find anything, and he found the purse.

Cross-examined. Q. That is a very crowded part of London, is it not? A. There were not many persons there—I lost sight of him for half a minute, as he turned out of Pilgrim-street—the prosecutrix-did not hesitate as to his being the man—he was quite a stranger to me—I know nothing of the person who paid the fare—I said to the policeman, "I don't know whether that man was anything to do with the prisoner, he makes himself very officious," and he went away instantly.

COURT. Q. Have you any doubt about the prisoner's being in the omnibus? A. I am sure he was.





ENEAS GRINDER
. I keep the Cock public-house. I heard the cry of "Stop thief"—I went out, and saw the prisoner just going out of my house——I found this purse under the form in the bar—I gave it to the officer—I did not open it.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you were at dinner? A. Yes, in the inner bar—the parse was found just in at the front door.





SAMUEL LLOYD
. I am an inspector of the City Police. I produce the purse, which I got from Grinder.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you at the station? A. Yes—there was a young gentleman there—there appeared a dialogue between him and the prosecutrix, but he soon withdrew.
(Property produced and sworn to.) 


GUILTY
.* Aged 29.—


Transported for Ten Years.

