



767. 




JOHN WRIGHT
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Edward Williamson, about three in the night of the 
24th Feb., at 
St. John, Southwark, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 10 1/2lbs. weight of cheese, value 7s.; 1 dead fowl, 1s.: 4lbs. weight of pork, 1s. 6d.; 68 pence; 172 half-pence, and 72 farthings; his property.






EDWARD WILLIAMSON
. I live at No. 1, Fair-street, Horsleydown, in the parish of St. John's, Southwark, and am a licensed victualler—I had been there about a month at the time in question—I have seen the prisoner at my house three or four times as a customer—on the 24th Feb. I went to bed about half-past twelve o'clock I think—I was the last up—I left the house secure—all the doors and windows were safe—my room is up stairs—there had been a broken pane in the kitchen window, which had been pasted over with paper—I am sure the paper was safe on it that night—that window looked out to an open yard—my house is about 200 yards from Tooley-street—it is a continuation of Tooley-street—I got up about six o'clock in the morning, as I was alarmed by Hunt, the policeman—on coming down I missed about 14s. 4 1/2d. in copper—there was 18d. worth of farthings, about 10 1/2lbs. of cheese, a piece of bacon, what is called a Bath chap, and a fowl gone—the cheese had been in the bar the night before, and the fowl and the Bath chap in the kitchen—I found the square of paper which been covered over the glass broken through by some person's arm, and the bar had been undone and the staple taken out—it was only one square of paper that was broken through—after opening the bar the door would open—it was a large bar that goes across the door—the door was wide open and a chair against it—after the paper was broken through they could reach the bar of the door—I have since seen the cheese, fowl, and bacon in possession of the constable—I could tell they were mine—they are not here—they are perishable articles.





HENRY HUNT
 (police-constable M 82.) I was on duty on the 24th Feb. in Tooley-street, at half-past three o'clock in the morning, and saw the prisoner with a bundle tied in a handkerchief—I stopped him and asked what he had got—he said, a piece of cheese, a fowl, and a piece of pork—I examined the bundle and found it did contain a piece of cheese, a fowl, and a piece of pork—I asked where he got them from—he said a gentleman at Deptford had given them to him to keep for him for the week—I said I was not satisfied with his statement, and he must go with me to the station-house—on his road there he told me if I would like to take what was in the parcel I was welcome to them if I would let him go—I searched him at the station, and found 14s. 4 1/2d. in copper monies in his pocket—there were 18d. worth of farthings—I showed the things to the prosecutor that same day—I have only the copper money here.





WILLIAM KEATING
 (police-constable M 78.) On the morning of the 24th of Feb., about three o'clock, I was near the prosecutor's house, and saw the prisoner knock at a door within two doors of the prosecutor, and go into that house—I had known him before, and seen him as the potman at tne prosecutor's house before Mr. Williamson came there—I took no particular notice of the prisoner at the time he passed me, not to see whether fie had a bundle or anything—I was afterwards informed that he was in custody, and about six o'clock I went to Mr. Williamson, and called him up.


MR. WILLIAMSON
re-examined. I have examined this copper—here are none of the coins that I know—there is about the quantity I lost, and the exact quantity of farthings I lost.

Prisoners Defence. I am quite innocent of the concern, and know nothing about it, no more than that a gentleman gave it to me to carry.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Patteson.

