



117. 




THOMAS ENSOR




again indicted, for stealing 1 watch, value 5l. 1 ring, 4l. and 1 pocket-book, 6d. the goods of 



Samuel Archbutt, in his dwelling-house.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL ARCHBUTT.
 I left my house at intervals, from 7th Aug. till my return on 7th Sept.—when I left on 7th Aug. there was a gold watch, made by Pitt, in an open drawer—I did not miss it till 7th Sept., when I missed the other things—when I came house from time to time, I noticed the state of my bed and night-shirt, and felt certain that a man and woman had been sleeping there—I told West of it—I left her in the house on all the occasions of my absence—I left no man in the house—there were young men in the offices—there is a connection between the offices and the house.





JANE WEST.
 My master went out of town on the 7th Aug., and left me in charge of the house—the prisoner came on the Friday evening, I think—I do not know whether that was the same evening my master left, I think it was—it was shortly after—I had not known him before—he came round that night after Dignam, about some papers, or something—Dignam first introduced me to him—he did not come to see me after that—I do not say never—he came once or twice, but not often—I slept next to the nursery—that is not my master's bedroom—my master never spoke to me about the sheets of his bed, or his night-gown, or anything of sort.

Prisoner. Q. Did I ever sleep there? A. No—a little girl slept with me in my own bedroom, and that Mr. Archbutt knew.





FREDERICK HOLMES.
 I am a watchmaker, on Holborn-hill. At the latter end of Aug. the prisoner brought a gold vertical watch to my shop to be

repaired—I think the maker's name was Pitt, but I am not positive, I did not enter it—I advised that it should not be repaired, and bought it for 35s.—I afterwards sold it with a lot to a Jew named Napthali, and have never ✗een it since—they send them away, and melt them—it was not worth repairing—35s. was its full value as old gold, allowing 2s. for the movement.





ROBERT MITTELL
 (policeman, V 181.) I took the prisoner into custody on 23rd Oct., at the Waterloo Barracks—he showed me his box, in which I found this red pocket-book.

MR. ARCHBUTT
re-examined. This is my pocket-book—I believe it was safe on 7th Aug.—the watch was not in going order—it had an ordinary vertical movement, and a very plain thin case, which I could bend with my nail—it wound up in the face—I dare say 35s. would be a fair price for the gold—as a watch, it was worth 4l.

Prisoner's Defence. I received the watch from Dignam, in the pocket-book, and I kept possession of the pocket-book afterwards; I did not know at the time that the property was stolen, neither did I the chain.




GUILTY
of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house.
 Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years more.

