




1247. 




JONATHAN HARGRAVE
, and 




WILLIAM MORRIS
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
10th of March, 1 purse, value 1s.; 1 half-sovereign, 5 shillings, and 1 silver threepence; the property of 



John Taylor, from the person of 



Elizabeth Taylor.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH GIBBONS
. I drive a cab, and live in Grenville-mews, Somers-town. On the 10th of March I was sitting on the box of my cab, in Piccadilly, nearly opposite the Duke of Devonshire's house—I saw the two prisoners, two others, and a boy, walking to and fro for about an hour and a half—I kept my eye on them—I saw Mr. and Mrs. Taylor walking arm in arm, coming from Hyde-park Corner—Hargrave had a cloak on his arm—he put on his cloak, and followed them—he placed the boy between the four—I then saw the boy lift Mrs. Taylor's cloak, draw a red purse from her pocket, and give it to Hargrave—the prisoners and the others were all touching arms—the boy handed the purse to Hargrave—the boy and another man kept back, and while

Hargrave, Morris, and another, who has escaped, crossed the road to the park; and as they crossed, Hargrave gave the purse to Morris—Hargrave then seemed to stand at the gate as a sort of sentry, watching—after they crossed, he went inside the gate, in company with the other person who has escaped—I saw Morris empty the money into his hand—I had a full view, being on the box—I then jumped down, and spoke to Mr. and Mrs. Taylor—the policeman was called, and an alarm given—I then went towards the Green-park, and saw the four men and the boy running across the park, close by the reservoir—Mr. Taylor went in at one gate, and I went down the road, got a policeman—I went in at another gate; and when I got in, they were running—the two prisoners were taken—I am positive they were two of the persons.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. I suppose they were acquaintances of yours? A. Not to my knowledge—the men did not interfere with Mrs. Taylor's cloak—I did not see Mr. Taylor in conversation with either of them before they ran away—after I had told him to go into the park, I saw him going towards the prisoners—I did not see the prisoners standing still, except when I saw Morris empty the money out of the purse—this was between two and three o'clock in the afternoon—Hargrave and the one who escaped were standing in the footpath, round the reservoir—I do not think there was another person there except Mr. Taylor and the prisoners—I have driven a cab four or five years—I was in the police before that for two years—I was conductor to an omnibus before that for two years—before that I was at home with my father, who was then a commissioner of the peace—I was twelve months at sea, as steward to a smack—I resigned from the police became of ill health—I was not discharged for associating with bad characters—there was no complaint against me—I was No. 50 or 52, in the L division, I do not know which—I have been a witness in these cases before—I detected five men cutting a window, and they were here some twelve months ago—I do not think I have been in any other cases here—I was in a case of a man for stealing some rabbits, which was tried at the Surrey Sessions—I detected a man in attempting to pick a gentleman's pocket, but there was not sufficient evidence, and he was not tried.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Where is your cab now? A. Some one else is out with it—it is not mine—I drive for a master—I had seen the prisoners before—I do not know whether they had seen me.

MR. BODKIN. Q. How old were you when you went on board the vessel from your father's house? A. About seventeen—my father is not livng—he was a man of large property, but failed.





ELIZA TAYLOR
. I am the wife of John Taylor, and live in St. George's-place, Hyde-park. On this day I was near the Duke of Devonshire's house in Piccadilly, walking with my husband towards the City—I had a cloak on—I was not aware of anything being done to me—in consequence of what Gibbons told me, I searched my pockets, and missed a red purse, containing a bright new half-sovereign, a bright new shilling, five other shillings, and a threepenny-piece.





JOHN TAYLOR
. I reside in St. George's-place, Hyde-park. I was with my wife in Piccadilly—Gibbons came and made some communication to me, and gave me directions with respect to the parties; in consequence of who I crossed the road towards the park—he pointed out four men and a boy, who were then at the south-east corner of the basin, within the park—there was no person within two hundred yards of the spot except them—Gibbons left me—I went on towards these persons—they separated—two of them ran immediately away along the park, towards Hyde-park Corner, and the prisoners,

with the boy, walked quick in the same direction—I came up to them, and attempted to seize the boy—he shrunk away to the side of Hargrave—I still endeavoured to catch him, and he got under the rail—I followed him—he ran down towards the Duke of Sutherland's—he made his escape—in a few minutes the two prisoners set off and ran—at that time the police had come—I went after them a certain distance—the policeman came from the other end of the basin—one of them was taken by the policeman, and the other by the park-keeper.





CHARLES WEBBER
 (police-constable C 122.) I was on duty in Piccadilly—Gibbons came and made a communication to me—I entered the park by a gate lower down, and came up towards the basin—I saw two men running in a direction from the basin—they were pointed out by Gibbons—I pursued, and took Hargrave—I found on him 3s. 6d. in silver, 6 1/2 d. in copper, a watch, a chain, and key—the whole of the property was given to him at the police-court, by desire of the Magistrate.





JAMES PRING
 (police-constable A 145.) I was on duty on the other side of the park—I heard an alarm—I took Morris at the corner of the entrance of the Duke of Sutherland's—he was running across the park—I searched him, and found 1l. 3s., in silver and a half-sovereign—I have kept 15s., which the lady lost—the other I was desired to give up by the Magistrate—the half-sovereign is new, and there is a new shilling among it.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Were these all that were taken? A. No—I was ordered to keep a half-sovereign and 5s.—this was the only new shilling among it.
(—Munter, a parchment-maker, Cross-street, Bermondsey; Martin Band, parchment-maker; Thomas Hoggins, Frith-street, Woolwich; William Smith, parchment-maker, St. George-street, Bermondsey; William Smith, parchment-maker, New-road, Bermondsey; and Alfred Hurst, carpenter, East-street, Woolwich; gave Morris a good character.)

HARGRAVE,—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.

MORRIS,—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.





Transported for Ten Years.

