



555. 




JAMES DENNIS
 was indicted

 for stealing 88lbs. weight of sugar, value 2l.; the goods of 



Thomas Bayley; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution






THOMAS DODDERIDGE
. I am a foreman at the London Docks. On the 23rd of Dec. I delivered a hogshead of sugar to Mr. Bayley's wagon, it was marked A S with a D underneath, and No. 4.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you speaking from any marks on the cask, or from the book? A. From the mark on the cask—I can recollect without examining the book what the marks were.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Can you give us the weight of it? A. Here is the document that was delivered with my filling up, and my signature—the weight was 17cwt. 20lbs., it went from the scale, not out of my sight into the wagon directly—it was between one and two o'clock.

MR. PAYNE. Q. What do you call this document? A. A weight note—it has my signature to it—I saw the hogshead weighed—here is the mark, A S, and a D under it—this note was given to the wagoner, for him to take with the hogshead—I saw the hogshead weighed, and took down the weight on this note.





WILLIAM WHITTAKER
. I was in Mr. Thomas Bayley's employ—on the 23rd of Dec. a person named Dennis received directions to fetch a hogshead of sugar from the docks to Mr. Bayley's—he went about twelve o'clock—the sugar ought to have come direct from the London Dock to Cannon-street—Old Montague-street is quite out of the way—the prisoner had been in our employ a short time before, and was dismissed—I understand that he is the brother of the man who drove the wagon, but the prisoner gave a different name to us—on the 23rd of Dec. the hogshead of sugar was brought to us, late in the day, by the policeman—it weighed 16cwt. lqr. 16lb., which was a deficiency of 3qrs. and 4lbs.—there was a bag of sugar brought to our ware-house afterwards, which weighed 3qrs. 4lbs.—that would exactly make up the deficiency—it was exactly the same sort of sugar as was in the hogshead.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you cause the wagon and hogshead to be taken to Travers's, in Swithin's-lane? A. Yes—I did not empty it—the hogshead was weighed with the sugar in it—we have nothing to do with the weight of the hogshead—I only speak of the gross weight.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Had you any other hogshead come from the Docks that day? A. None.





WILLIAM CHILD
. I am beadle of Trinity-square—on the 23rd of Dec. I was in Old Montague-street, Whitechapel—I saw Mr. Bayley's wagon going along that street—a man named Dennis had charge of it—I knew him—he is the prisoner's brother—the wagon passed a public-house, and then Edward Dennis, the wagoner, got into the wagon, took off a bag of sugar, and put it on the prisoner's back—the prisoner had been walking by the side of his brother's

horse—the prisoner went one way with the bag of sugar, and the other went on with the wagon—I sent a person after the wagon, and I went after the prisoner—I said, "What have you got here?"—he threw it down, and said, "For God's sake, don't take any notice of it; forgive me this time, or I shall be ruined"—he then took hold of me, and began to talk about some silk—I took him into custody—the wagon was taken to the station—it was afterwards taken to Mr. Bayley's premises—I took the bag of sugar up—it was taken to Worship-street, and afterwards to Mr. Bayley's—I compared the sugar in the bag with that in the hogshead—they were exactly the same, for anything I could see—I weighed the bag of sugar myself—it was 3qrs. and 4lbs.—I saw the hogshead weighed—it was just that quantity deficient, to half a pound—the man who was with the wagon ran off—I have been on the look-out for him.

Cross-examined. Q. Who went after the wagoner? A. Clark—I weighed the sugar at a corn-chandler's shop, opposite Worship-street Police-court—I allowed 4lbs. for the bag—that was about the right weight.





JOHN CLARK
. I saw the bag of sugar taken out of the wagon, and put on the prisoner's shoulder—I saw the prisoner drop it when Child seized him—I went after the wagoner—he made his escape, and I took charge of the wagon.





CHARLES WALLER
 (City police-inspector.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted the 22nd of August, 1842, and confined six months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Ten Years.

