



124. 




MARIA DRAKE
 was again indicted

for stealing, on the 
23rd of Aug., 1 brooch, value 5s., the goods of 



Joshua Lydamont.






SARAH LYDAMONT
. I am the wife of Joshua Lydamont, and live in High-street, Stoke Newington. The prisoner came to lodge with me on the 28th of March, and continued till the 1st of Oct.—while she was with me I missed my child's coral necklace, a black Thibet shawl, and a brooch—I missed the brooch on the 24th of Aug.—I told her I had lost it—she said she knew nothing about it—this is it—I have bad it twenty-five years.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Do you remember the prisoner being married? A. I remember her being asked in church—she said she was married on the 23rd of Aug.—I have never expressed any ill—will towards her, nor said I would separate her from her husband if I could—I had no conversation with the pawnbroker's boy, further than he said he should know the prisoner—I did not tell him to swear to the girl, nor anything of the kind—I did not give him a shilling, nor see one given to him.





THOMAS HOBBS
. I am in the service of John Burgess, a pawnbroker in the Kingsland-road. In August (I do not know the day) the prisoner pledged a brooch there for 1s. 6d.—I think this is it—I cannot swear to it—the shopman took it in, and I wrote the ticket, but I had the brooch in my hand—I took particular notice of the prisoner, because when I took the brooch out of the shopman's hand she called me a monkey.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you got the duplicate? A. Yes—this is it—it is dated the 23rd of August—I saw Mrs. Lydamont at Worship-street—she did not give me anything—I never had 1s., nor showed one to anybody.






WILLIAM M'DONNELL
 (police-constable N 31.) The pawnbroker attended at Worship-street, and produced this brooch—he could not give evidence, and the Magistrate desired me to have it—he went home and sent Hobbs. 


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years,


(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)
