




1610. 




EZRA BASS
 and 




ELIZA NEWTON
 were indicted for

 feloniously forging and uttering a receipt for 44l. 19s. 2d., with intent to defraud 



Samuel Allen and others; to which


BASS pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Life.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






FREDERICK JAMES FULLER
. I am secretary and weekly auditor of the Paddington Savings Bank. I remember a person named Henry Mitchell becoming a depositor in the bank on the 7th of Dec. 1844—I find an entry of eight deposits altogether—I entered the first myself—on the 9th of June, 1845, the prisoner Newton brought Mitchell's pass-book to have 2l. entered—I have seen her three or four times at the bank, but cannot say when—her face was familiar to me—a notice was given to withdraw the deposits, which would expire on Monday, the 30th of June—I was on doty then, and had the money ready—the two prisoners came to the bank, and this pass-book was presented as usual—it was Mitchell's pass-book—(we take the signatures of depositors in a book when they first make a deposit, and enter where they live, their occupation, and age—that forms: a check against wrong persons coming)—Bass signed the acquittance-book, Newton standing by him tt the time—upon looking at the original signa-ture I said to Bass, "You occasionally alter your handwriting a little; pray, how old are you?"—he said, "Twenty-five"—that might correspond with the original entry of Mitchell's age, which was stated at twenty-four at the time of signing—Newton then turned round and said, "You are' not quite twenty-five, recollect"—I then said, "Pray, where do you live? and directly those words were out of my mouth, Newton turned round again and said, "No. 7, Welling's-place," which corresponded with the original entry—I said, "Have the goodness to stand back a little, let him answer for himself—she retired a step or two back—I then took a a slip of paper and said, "Have the goodness to write your name over again, as you formerly wrote it"—he wrote it twice if not three times, which satisfied me, as far as that went, that it was the person who originally deposited the monies, and, to the best of my belief, I asked bin, "What trade are you?—his answer was, "A sawyer 11—I then signed my name to an order to the cashier to pay the money—Samuel Allen is

one of the trustees of the bank, and there are several others—the amount was 44l. 19s. 2d.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know anything of Newton? A. No—I was the party who took the signature on the 7th of Dec.—I believe Bass repeated, "No. 7, Welling's-place," after Newton—I have stated all that Newton said.





SASMUEL ALLEN
. I am one of the trustees of the bank. I paid the 44l. 19s. 2d. on this occasion.





HENRY MITCHELI
. I am a sawyer, and live at No. 7, Welling's-place. I became a depositor in the Paddington Savings Bank in Dec. 1844—this is my book—I made the first payment myself—at that time I was living with the female prisoner as my wife—we had lived together some years—I have entrusted her with the book at times to make additional deposits—I never authorized her to draw out any of the money—I did not authorize her, on the 30th of June, to draw out 44l. 19s. 2d., nor to sign my name to this book—this signature is not my handwriting—I did not authorize anybody to sign this for me—the male prisoner lodged with me for about three weeks, and left a fortnight and two days before the 30th of June—Newton had access to the book—it was left in a drawer in my room, which was not locked.

Cross-examined. Q. Who do you work for? A. Mr. Biddle, in King-street—I have 30s. a week for six days, but make eight days some weeks, and get extra pay—I have not received only 24s. a week within the last four years—I may have worked at that rate, but always received more—I think it is about seven years since I first became acquainted with Newton—I am not certain whether she was in a situation at the time—shehad been in service at Elizabeth-grove, and had just left—I cannot say how old she was at the time—I did not get her away from the place—I cannot say how long she had left—I think it was more than one day—I am certain I did not take her the very day she left—I will not swear it—I cannot swear how many children I have had by her—there were three.

Q. Who left them with the mother, was it a sawyer named Mitchell? A. I believe it was—I never deserted her nor left her at all—I was it home with the children—I swear I was at home when she went out that evening—I did not know where she was going—the children lived at my house—she might have a few shillings or 1l. when she left her place—she had no money to place in the bank—I swear I never saw any of her money—she never brought me any.

Q. Has she ever left her home or her children till you cause her to be taken into custody? A. No, she never did, and she has always been the reverse to this till this happened—I cannot say that there has been any misconduct between her and Bass—I swear none of the money was her earnings—it was my hard earnings—I represented her as ray wife, and believe it did slip out at Marylebone-office that she was my wife—I afterwards told the truth—that was a week after—I have been receiving from my master 38s. and 39s. a week—I had her and two children to keep—I believe the other child died when it was seven months old—the oldest is five years old—the other I think three years last May—we had a few words about a fortnight previous to this—I never left her, I swear, nor threatened to leave her or the children—my sister has now charge of the children, and my money has been keeping them—I left Mrs. West, my sister, in the house with them a fortnight after the prisoner was in custody—Newton did not go to the police

to complain that Bass had robbed her of her money—it was me and Mrs. West.

COURT. Q. Did she earn anything while living with you? A. She has not earned anything for twelve months—she never went out to a day's work—she learned the stay business, and made some stays—I was at work all day and best part of the night—she attended to the lodgers.
(The receipt was here read.)

NEWTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—Strongly recommended to mercy. 



Confined Two Years.

