




412. 




EDWIN BISHOP
and 




CHARLES WILKINSON
were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
20th of December, 2 pewter pots, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 



Charles Temple; 1 pewter pot, value 1s., the goods of 



John Curd; 1 pewter pot, value 1s., the goods of 



William Bridge; and 1 pewter pot, value 1s., the goods of 



Ann Caslake.






JOHN EATON
(police-constable S193.) On the 30th of December I was in High-street, Camden-town, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, and saw the two prisoners in company together—I watched them—they got over into a field opposite Mornington-crescent—I got over the

fence—they then both ran away in different directions—I stopped Bishop, and said, "Halloo, what are you doing here? "—part of a pot dropped from under his coat—I said, "How many more have you got? "—he said, "I will give you all I have got"—I found three pints and one quart on him, all cut up as they are now—I asked him where he got them from—he said, "I will tell you the truth; we stole four pints and one quart, and Charleycut them up"—I took him back to where I had seen them both standing, and there I found this pint pot whole—I took him to the station-house, and on Sunday night Wilkinson was apprehended—I found him in custody, and said, "Halloo, Charley, what, caught at last? I want you, about the pots"—he said, "I know nothing about it."

Cross-examined by
MR. ADOLPHUS.
Q. You did not know Bishop before? A. No—he is much younger than Wilkinson—I believe he always bore a good character, and that this is his first offence—the field belongs to Mr. Rhodes, the cow-keeper—people do sometimes cross it.





CHARLES TEMPLE.
I keep the Britannia public-house, at Camden-town. Here are the parts of two quart pots of mine—we give a guinea a dozen for quarts, and 15s. for pints.





JOHN CURD.
I keep the Fitzroy Arms, Camden-town, which is about one-eighth of a mile from the Britannia public-house. This is my pint pot—I serve persons in the same street as Mr. Temple does—our pots are very frequently hung on the railings in the same street as his.

Cross-examined. Q. You do not know when you lost it? A. No, nor where from.





ROBERT BRIDGE.
I am the son of William Bridge, who keeps the Oxford Arms public-house, Seymour-place, about two hundred yards from the Britannia public-house—this pot is his.





WILLIAM JAMES BUDD.
I am a policeman. I apprehended Wilkinson—he denied the charge.

Wilkinson's Defence. I know nothing at all about it—I was at work at the time.
(Bishop received an excellent character.)

BISHOP—


GUILTY.Aged 17.—



Confined Ten Days


WILKINSON—


GUILTY.Aged 10.—


Transported for Seven Years

