




549. 




ELEANOR THOMPSON
 was indicted for

 stealing 1 sheet, value 3s., the goods of 



Ann Taylor; 1 petticoat, 1s. 6d., the goods of 



Ellen Taylor; 2 shifts, 3s.; and 3lbs. weight of bacon, 1s. 6d., the goods of 



Susanna Mary Carr: and 




MARY PONSONBY



 for feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen; and that Thompson had been before convicted of felony.






ELLEN TAYLOR
. I live in East-street, Marylebone. My mother, Ann Taylor, is a widow. On Friday, the 29th of Jan., about half-past twelve o'clock in the day, I put on the landing of our lodging a sheet of my mother's, and a flannel petticoat of mine—I missed them between four and five—Mrs. Aggs gave me information—I went out and overtook both the prisoners in High-street—the sheet was found on Ponsonby, and the petticoat at her house—they are mine and my mother's.






SUSANNA MARY CARR
. I am single, and lodge in this honse in East-street. On the 29th, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, I hung two shifts on the landing—I missed them the same day—I found them on the foot of the bed in the prisoner Ponsonby's house.





ANN AGGS
. I am the wife of John Aggs, and live on the second floor of this house. About half-past three or four o'clock this afternoon I was coming down stairs, and met the prisoner Thompson—I asked who she wanted—she said she was going to the top of the house—I begged her pardon for stopping her, and passed on—when I returned, I asked them if they had seen such a person, and they missed the property.





STEPHEN PURDRIAN
 (policeman.) In consequence of information I went to the Shepherd and Flock, High-street, Marylebone, and found both the prisoners—I requested them to come outside—they did so—I observed Ponsonby had something on her arm covered over with an apron—I asked what she had there, and took it from her—it was a sheet, which was immediately identified by Taylor as her mother's—I took both prisoners to the station—I asked Ponsonby whose property it was—she said she was going to wash ir, it was her daughter's—they are mother and daughter—I went to Ponsonby's house, and found these two shifts and a petticoat—I found this bacon on the following morning—I know Mr. Long's handwriting—I saw him sign this, and heard the prisoner make this statement—(read)—"Ponsonby says, I went home, and my daughter was there; she wanted me to pawn her cloak; I would not; she then gave me the articles to hold till she came out of the pawnbroker's; after that we went into the Shepherd and Flock; the policeman came and tapped me on the shoulder; I followed him out; she left the things in my room; it was dark at the time."





WILLIAM GLOVER
 (police-constable K 354.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Thompson's former conviction—(read)—I was present at the trial—she is the person.

THOMPSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transportedfor Seven Yeart.


PONSONBY—


NOT GUILTY
.
