




1225. 




GEORGE ALEXANDER
was again indicted, with 




WILLIAM WILMOT



, for feloniously silvering 2 pieces of counterfeit coin, intended to pass for sixpences.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-sergeant, G 20). On Saturday, 6th May, I was in company with constables Harvey, Neville, and Hawkins, in George-street, Foley-street, Tottenham-court-road, and saw the prisoner Alexander come from No. 27, in that street—I crossed over with the other constables, seized him by the arm, and told him I belonged to the police, and had directions to take him into custody, on suspicion of having in his possession counterfeit coin—I pushed him into a shop, put my hand into his waistcoat pocket, and found in it two half-crowns and ten shillings, separately divided by paper to prevent them rubbing—he said, "It is all right, you have got me to rights"—I also found four half-crowns, five shillings, six sixpences, and seven fourpenny-pieces, all good—I then took him to the house he came from,

and knocked at the door—it was opened by a female, and I asked her what part of the house Alexander occupied—she hesitated, and Alexander said, "It is all right, the top back attic"—we went to that room, and found the key in the lock outside—I unlocked the door, entered the room, and saw Wilmot at a table, with his back towards me, his coat off, and his shirt sleeves tucked up—I seized him and took him to a distant part of the room—on the table stood four galvanic battery jars, and four cups, out of one of which Wilmot took a sixpence when I seized him—Hawkins immediately took it from him—in the same cup there were these three other counterfeit sixpences in a solution, to receive a colour like silver—each battery jar was connected by a wire, with silver leaf attached in the cup in which was some solution—I produce a portion—the other cups contained solution and counterfeit shillings—on the table I found strewed, 25 shillings and 15 sixpences, all of which appeared to have been recently operated upon—on the windowledge, which was a sort of work-bench, I found 14 counterfeit half-crowns, with the rough edges on them, after having been cast, and before being silvered, and three counterfeit shillings complete for circulation—I also found this piece of iron steel with a graining on the edge for the purpose of milling the edges, to give them a perfect appearance—I also found these ten files, with white metal in their teeth, five powders of different colours, five bottles containing liquid, and these five plaster-of-paris moulds in a box near the window, three for casting half-crowns, one of which was warm, a double mould for shillings, and a double mould for sixpences—I also found two iron ladles, with a piece of white metal in one, hot, forming the get, which is the refuse cast into the channel of the mould—several tin bands for the purpose of forming plaster-of-pairs moulds, with plaster adhering to them, seven galvanic battery plates, and some copper wires which appear as if they had been dipped in the solution, they were then dry—I also found a pair of large scissors, and two knives with plaster-of-paris adhering to the blades.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. Who was with you when you spoke to Alexander? A. Harvey and Neville—I think he was about six or seven doors from the house—the door was closed—I was in George-street when I first saw him—I do not think he could see me—I was in a house, and Neville and Harvey also—another policeman in private clothes was further on in the street—it is very likely Alexander knew me by sight—when he came out he turned to the left towards Marylebone-street, and O pursued him the other constables were by when he said I had got him to rights—I had received my instructions in writing from Mr. Powell—the other policemen were under my directions—I should not have gone to the back attic unless Alexander had told me that was his room—I should have gone to the house.

MR. BODKIN.
Q. Did you lose sight of Alexander from the time he left the house till you took him into custody? A. No—I took him two or three minutes after he came out of the house, and we were back in the house two or three minutes after he came our—he did not communicate with anybody—I did not give him an opportunity.





JOHN HARVEY
 (policeman, G 118.) I went into this house, and found on the table in the room these eight shillings and two sixpences, counterfeit—(produced.)

Cross-examined. Q. Have you been in Court while Brannan was being examined? A. No—I was stationed in a chandler's-shop with two more policemen, nearly opposite the house Alexander came out of—when he came out I followed him, and overtook him at the bottom of the street, about fifty or 100 yards off—he was there, pushed into a shop, and searched, and afterwards

taken back to the house—that was about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour after he had come out.

MR. BODKIN.
Q. Was Brannan in the chandler's shop? A. Yes—I did not see Alexander communicate with any one before he was taken—he did not offer any resistance—the money was taken from him directly, and he then said, "It is all right, you have got me to rights."





JAMES HAWKINS
 (policeman, G 191.) I saw Alexander taken, and went up into the room—I produce nine shillings, which I took out of the three cups, and one sixpence, which I took from Wilmot's hand, when Brannan had seized him, and taken him from the table—I also found this paper of red powder on the table.





JOHN CROOK.
 I am a smith, and keep the house, 27, George-street—I let the back attic last Michaelmas, to a Mrs. Fassett—she left 1s. deposit—Alexander came the same day, or next morning, as her husband—he took the room for colouring maps in—he was to pay 2s. 6d. a week—he said he wanted only one chair and a table to sit at the window—I cannot say whether he told me his name—he said he was the husband of the person who took the room—she went by the name of Fassett—I always knew him as Mr. Fassett—he continued to occupy the room till he was taken—he paid me the rent once a fortnight—he did not sleep there to my knowledge—I believe Mrs. Fassett used to bring him his meals—I have not myself seen her do so—I do not know Wilmot.

Cross-examined. Q. Did Mrs. Fassett live there? A. No—nobody slept in the room, to my knowledge—Mrs. Fassett said she took the room for Mr. Fassett to colour maps in—I made the agreement with her—when Alexander came he said it was a nice little room, and would suit him very well—I do not know when I saw him next—I have seen him come down stairs at times—I never saw him in the room except when he agreed about it.





HARRIET SQUIRES.
 I am married. I occupied a room on the same floor with the prisoners—I have seen Alexander come backwards and forwards to the back attic since last Oct., and Wilmot for about a fortnight—I have not seen them together—I do not know how long they were there at any time.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you ever see a woman there? A. Yes—she was not very often in the room—I was never there.

COURT.
Q. You never saw Wilmot till within a fortnight of the time he was taken? A. No—sometimes I did not see them for a day or two, and sometimes two or three time a day.





ALFRED SMEE.
 I am the author of a work entitled, "The Art of Working in Metals"—my attention has been particularly drawn to that subject—these articles produced are four voltaic batteries with wires, which have a plate of silver attached to one end of them, and zinc on the other—one end is bend, and has evidently received a deposit of silver—the object of this apparatus is to supply the voltaic force, to pass through a solution containing silver, and to deposit silver—these four cups would be for the purpose of receiving such a solution to deposit on any other metal—any metallic substance inserted in the solution, would be at once coated by this process with silver—the solution produced by the officer, stated to have been in the battery, contains a mixture od sulphuric acid and sulphate of zinc—the sulphate of zinc would arise in the action of the battery; sulphuric acid being required to charge the battery—the solution in the cup would produce the same effect, being acted upon by the voltaic battery—it contains silver—this sixpence, taken from Wilmot's hand, is evidently coated with silver so deposited—these three sixpences found in one of the cups have evidently been in

but a very short period—the process was just commencing—I cannot judge how long they had been subjected to the process, as that would depend on the strength of the charge—there is a greater deposit on the first sixpence than on these—they might have been put in at different times, or if put in at the same time, might have a different amount of silver on them—they are evidently base—the first is not silver (bending it)—I have torn off some of the silver, and the base metal underneath can be distinctly seen—I should think that sixpence could not have arrived at that stage in less than a quarter of an hour or ten minutes, but it is a doubtful point—the things produced are quite complete for the purpose of silvering base metal—I put one of the solutions into the of the batteries, and another into one of the cups, and put into it one of the half-crowns produced by Brannan, uncovered, and I got this distinct deposit of silver on it—these shillings are all covered with silver deposited by the voltaic agency—they are quite complete—judging from the solution not containing a large quantity of silver, I think the process must have been conducted rather slowly, at any rate a quarter of an hour, or even longer—I was about two hours casing the half-crown, but there was very little solution—these sixpences found on the table have been subjected to the same process—they are perfectly covered, and are very well done—they would of course be wet when taken out of the cup.





CALEB EDWARD POWELL.
 These twelve sixpences are counterfeit.

Wilmot's Defence. I am a shore-maker; I was directed by Alexander to come up to his place on Saturday morning for a pair of boots to repair; Alexander and another man were there; I told him I had come for the pair of boots; he said, "Very well, if you will wait here a few moments, I will go and fetch them;" he went out, and the other man immediately followed; I then looked about the room, and saw things which I did not think was right; I attempted to go out, but found the door fastened outside; the room was very close; I pulled my coat and hat off, and went to look at the table, when the policeman forced the door open, and seized me.

ALEXANDER*—


GUILTY. Aged 32.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


WILMOT—


GUILTY. Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.

