






1363. 




GEORGE WILKS
 and 



JANE WALKER
 were indicted (with Samuel and Mary Smith, not in custody)

 for stealing 19 spoons, 4 salt-spoons, 1 pair of sugar-tongs, 6 forks, 1 watch, 1 guard-chain, 1 seal, 4 rings, and 1 brooch, value 50l.; 1 10l., and 25l.-notes, and 25 sovereigns; the property of 



Eliza Rebecca Lloyd, in her dwelling-house; and 




MARY RICKETTS
 and 




MATILDA RICKETTS



, feloniously receiving a 10l. note, part of the said property.


MESSRS. RYLAND
and
LAURIE
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZA REBECCA LLOYD.
 In March last I kept the Red Lion, in King edward-street, St. Martin's-le-Grand. My family consisted of three little children of my sister's, one maid-servant the prisoner Jane Walker, one man-servant, named William Roberts, and a person named Birchnall, who assisted me at the bar—I had a black box in my bed-rom, which contained six silver table-spoons, two desert and eleven tea-spoons, four salt-ladles, one pair of sugar-tongs, some forks, a silver watch, chain nd seal, four rings, a brooch a 10l.-note, two 5l.-notes, 25l. in gold, a promissory-note for 100l., and a stock receipt for 470l.—the plate and jewellery were on a tray in the box, and the money and notes in a work-box under that tray—on 20th March I had two charwomen at the house, Hannah Shepherd and Mary Smith, the wife of Samuel Smith, of Philpot-street, Commercial-road, I believe—I had one lodger, named Hambridge—a person named Baker was there, as a customer—a great many persons came in as customers, but no other persons were living there besides those I have named—Mr. M'Millan was there that day, assisting me in the business, as I did not understand it—about seven o'clock, on 20th March, I sent Walker and Mrs. Smith to my bed-room, which is No. 1, to make the bed—the box was in that room—I had been in the room a very short time before, and the box was then safe—I afterwards sent them up to the top of the house, to remove a large old linen-press, which I wanted brought down—they would have to pass my bed-room in going up, but would not have to bring it down so far—one of the children slept with me, and the other two in No. 3, on the same floor, where the maid-servant slept—there were two beds in that room—about nine o'clock, in consequence of information from Birchnall, I went up stairs, and foud the box had been broken open—some of the things were strewed on the floor, and I missed the articles I have stated—there was a quantity of tallow grease on the box, as if the candle grease had been dropped on it—the two women would have had a candle when they went up—Walker has been with me since 26th Jan., but was with my late sister from 4th Nov.—she was in the habit of going to my bed-room when anything was required to

be done—I have shut the box when she has been in the room; she has seen me go to it, and has come into the room when I have been closing it—I do not know that she has seen that money was there—Walker recommended Mrs. Smith to me as a charwoman—on 8th Jan. I had received six half year's dividends at the bank on 470l. stock, which amounted to 41l. or 42l.—this is the warrant (produced)—it is signed by myself—I received the money for it from a cashier at the Bank of England, one 10l. note, two 5l.-notes, and the rest in gold—I know the number of the notes—I placed them in that box—they were taken out of the box when it was broken open—I did not write my name on the notes.

Walker. I know nothing of the robbery; I did go up with a candle to make the bed, but never noticed the box; I was not there many minutes; Mrs. Smith and I made the bed, shut the door, and came down again to our tea; we then fetched the press down stairs to No. 6 room, came down stairs, and went into the kitchen; the barmaid told me it was time to put the children to bed, and I put the little boy to bed—I went to mistress's room to fetch his night-gown, and found the things strewed all about the floor; I then asked the barmaid if mistress had been up to the box. Witness. I do not know that she is the person who gave the barmaid information—sometimes the barmaid put the children to bed—I sent her up that night to do it.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE.
Q. You do not know the numbers of the notes of yourself, do you? A. Yes—I know this note was safe on the Sunday, the day before the robbery, because I saw the box it was in, and the key was in my pocket.





HUGH M'MILLAN.
 I live in the Waterloo-road. On 20th March I was at the Read Lion, assisting Mrs. Lloyd in her business—I went there at half-past eleven o'clock, and remained till the next day—Mrs. Lloyd came into the parlour where I was, and told me she missed the things—I went up with her, found the box broken open, and the things strewed about the room.

Walker. You had a candle. Witness. I think I had; but the policeman first examined the lock of the box, and I was standing looking on—it had been forced open, as if with a fork, and there was a deal of tallow on the leather that goes over—the policeman directed our attention to it.





ELIZA EMILY BIRCHNALL.
 I assisted Mrs. Lloyd, as barmaid, on this evening. About seven o'clock I went up to No. 1, Mrs. Lloyd's room, and saw the black box was standing there—I did not take much notice of it, but it was in its usual place—I went up again alone, at nine o'clock, to put the children to bed—I went to put one in Mrs. Lloyd's room, and found the room in confusion, and the things strewed about the floor out of the box, which was borken open—I immediately gave an alarm—Walker did not give me any intimation of what had happened—I did not meet her in the room—I had seen the prisoner Wilks at the bar once that day; I do not recollect what time it was.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. Had you ever seen him before? A. No.





GEORGE BAKER.
 I live at 4, Poplar-row, New Kent-road. On Monday, 20th March, I was at the Red Lion, in the parlour, as a customer—I went in at about three minutes to eight o'clock, to have a pint of ale, and left at a quarter to nine, before any alarm was given of the robbery—I did not hear of it till next morning—I know a man named Samuel Smith; I saw him there that evening—I saw him run out of the house at a quarter to nine, within a minute, one way or the other—as I came out of the parlour he ran against me—I had never seen him there before, to my knowledge—he

appeared to be in a bustle and hurry, and that took my attention—I came out of the parlour-door opposite the bar, and he came from the back part of the house, and ran out at the front door—the staircase, kitchen, and yard door are all on the right of the parlour door.





WILLIAM ROBERTS.
 On 20th March I was potman at this house. At about half-past eight o'clock I saw Samuel Smith in the tap-room—I saw him two or three times, but only saw him go out once—his wife, Mary Smith, was in the habit of charing for Mrs. Lloyd, and he came every night while I was there to fetch her home; but he went out without her that evening—I know a man named Jones; I saw him there—he was pot boy there before me—I saw him there about two that day, not after that—he had left Mrs. Lloyd's service about a week before.





HANNAH SHEPHERD.
 I live at Somers'-town, and am a charwoman. On Monday, 20th March, I was charing at Mrs. Lloyd's all day—Mary Smith was at work with me—I saw her husband there about a quarter or twenty minutes to nine o'clock—he came to the kitchen-door, and asked for his wife—I had never been there before when Mrs. Smith was charing there—I did not see smith go away—I told him I would go and see—I went up to Mrs. Lloyd's room, and she told me to go back again—I went into the kitchen, and never saw Mr. or Mrs. Smith, or Walker after—Smith did not wait for my answer.





WILLIAM HAMBRIDGE.
 I am a commission-agent, and from 10th Jan, to 20th March lived at Mrs. Lloyd's house. On the evening of 20th March I was in the parlour from half-past seven till eleven o'clock or half-past—I did not leave the parlour all that time—I was informed of the robbery about half-past nine, by Mr. M'Millan.





JOHN BRENCHLEY
 (policeman, K 2.) In consequence of information I went with M'Millan and Bloomfield, about three o'clock in the morning, to the house where Samuel Smith lived—I first proceeded to search Smith's room, and afterwards Jones's—while there Wilks came to the house—Bloomfield let him in—he came to the door of the room on the ground-floor, where we were, and said he wanted a man named Smith—I asked if he knew him—he said he did—I then said, "This is Mr. Smith," and he said, "Oh, no, he is not the man"—I said, "This is Mr. Smith"—he said, "Oh, no, I wanted a man named Smith, who is living with a woman"—I told him to stop, and went out into the passage with Mr. M'Millan, and told him we were detaining that man, and in consequence of the robbery being committed, and his coming to the house when the other two were taken on suspicion, I thought I ought to detain him—he said he could not help it—I took Smith, Jones, and Wilks to the station—I searched Wilks, and found on him 14l. in gold, 19s. 8d. in silver, and 2d, in copper, and a key (produced)—he said he got the money by hard work—I asked what he was—he said a dock labourer—I knew him before—I had seen him about a month before—I do not know where he had been recently before that—I asked where he lived—he said, "In John-street, Limehouse-fields"—I asked what number—he said there was no number—I endeavoured to find such a person there, and could not hear anything about him—he appeared sober.





GEORGE BLOOMFIELD
 (City policeman, 386.) I received information of this robbery from Roberts, and went with him to Mrs. Lloyd's—went up stairs into her room, and there saw a box broken open, and thrown down on one side—I examined the lock, it had been broken open by some instruments—I believe a fork—there was tallow grease dropped all over the hasp of the box, where it was broken—I afterwards accompanied Brenchley and Mr. M'Millan

to 3, Philpot-street, York-square, and while there the prisoner Wilks came—I admitted him.





THOMAS DAVIS.
 I was in the service of Mr. Needham, a linen-draper, in Shoreditch. On Tuesday morning, 21st March, between nine and ten o'clock, the two Ricketts' came to our shop together—I had not known either of them before—they made purchases to the amount of 20s. 3d.—Matilds Ricketts paid for them with a 10l. Bank of England note—I asked her her name and address, for the purpose of endorsing it on the note—she gave the name of Mrs. Johnson—I do not recollect the address—I put it on the note—the other prisoner was near enough to hear what was said—this is the note (produced)—it is, "Mrs. Johnson, Thomas-street, Hackney-road"—I gave them the change.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE.
Q. How long had you been with Mr. Needham? A. About six months—I am not there now.





GEORGE WHITE.
 I am also assistant to Mr. Needham. On Tuesday, 21st March, I took the note that has been produced to the Bank of England, to get it changed—I wrote Mr. Needham's name on it there—I found it was stopped, and returned immediately in search of the prisoners, taking policeman, H 117 with me—I have known Mary Ricketts for some time by sight—I did not know the other—after some difficulty, I found Matilds Ricketts at 2, Copper's-gardens, the same morning—I said, "I think you were at our house this morning, your name is Ricketts?" she said, "Yes"—I said, "I am come respecting a 10l. note which you changed there, which I find is stopped at the Bank; will you go back with me?"—she said, "Yes"—she was just coming out with her bonnet on, apparently going to market—she said she had received a note from a gentleman that morning, between two and three o'clock—she said she did not know the gentleman—after a time she altered it, and said her husband gave it to her—I gave her into custody—I afterwards went to Thomas-street, the address on the note—I could not find any such person there—I went to ten or twelve places before I found either of the prisoners—I found her at a private house—there was no business in which she would be receiving a note to change.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE.
Q. Who lived there besides? A. Her mother, the other prisoner—a person, named Johnson, lived at 28, Thomas-street—I think I have said before, that she said her husband gave it her—she first said a gentleman gave it her, and she repeated that at the station—she said her husband was our, and would be home at one o'clock—I asked if she was married—she said, "Yes"—I asked if her name was Johnson—she said "Yes"—that was when I went to the house—I am quite sure that she contradicted herself, and said her husband gave it to her; it might be a few minutes after she had said she received it from a gentleman—I am positive she said so—she has no husband—she gave her maiden name at the policeoffice—she said she had received it from her husband, and she wished us to wait till he came home, because he would be pleased at what she had bought, a pair of blankets and a dress, by changing the 10l. note—I cannot recollect whether I said that before—I saw the mother at 2, Copper's-gardens, the same place where I saw the daughter.





JAMES MOSELY
 (policeman, H 117.) On Tuesday, 21st March, I went with White to Copper's Gardens, to loof for the two prisoners—we found Matilda Ricketts—I asked her how she came in possesaion of the 10l. note—she said a gentleman gave it to her in Shoreditch—Mr. White gave her in custody on the charge of stealing the 10l.-note—on the way to the station she told me that it was a mechanic that gave it to her, a former acquaintance

of hers, and that he gave it her on the morning previous—I know Wilks by sight—I have seen him in the street in the neighbourhood of Whitechapel—I have never seen him in the company with any one.





EDWIN AUGUSTUS BUSHELL.
 I am a clerk in the Bank of England. I produced a 10l. bank-note, dated 10th November, 1847, No. 85882—it was stopped and detained by the Secretary—it is not cancelled—I also produce a dividend warrant, No. 67717, for 6l. 16s. 11d., a divident on 470l. stock.





RICHARD SMITH.
 I am one of the cashiers of the Bank of England. About the 8th January I paid Mrs. Lloyd a sum of money on this warrant—it is signed by her, and cancelled by myself—this 10l. note is part of what I paid her.





WILLIAM EDWARD BALL
 (policeman, 365). I have known Wilks about eight or nine months, and Matilds Ricketts also—I have seen them in company together—Ricketts lived in Cooper's Gardens, and previous to that, in Austin-street—I have seen them in the street in Shoreditch, about the door of No. 2, where the two Ricketts lived—I cannot say that Wilks lived with Matilda Ricketts—I have no means of knowing that—all I know is that I have seen them at the door of the house.

COURT.
Q. Have you any means of knowing where Wilks lived on 20th March? A. I have not—Cooper's Gardens is about two miles from the Red lion—I believe it is about two miles from Smith's house, where Wilks was found.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE.
Q. When did you last see Wilks and Matilda Ricketts together? A. At the beginning of March, after the February Session, they were talking together in Cooper's Gardens—I had seen them before that, two or three times—I have known both the Ricketts six or seven years—I never knew anything wrong of them.





MR. WILLIAM WADHAM COPE.
 I am the governor of Newgate. The prisoner Wilks has been recently under my care—he left on 1st March—he was committed on 26th February—he was searched on coming in, and had neither money or anything else about him—he took nothing out.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. He was charged with some offence, and acquitted? Yes; he went out on 1st March—he was here a very few days.





HUGH M'MILLAN

re-examined. The box had been opened by a fork, and there were two or three carving forks in the kitchen, all of which would have fitted it.

Walker. The candle grease was not perceived till the morning. Witness. It was perceived that night; the policeman directed attention to it directly.





JOHN BRENCHLEY

re-examined. The key found on Wilks has not been tried to any of the doors of the prosecutrix's house—the wards of the key have been filed down

Walker's Defence. I never saw anything of it, and know nothing of it; the parties are all strangers to me; I have been inn service fifteen years, and was never under a key in my life.
(Mary and Matilda Ricketts received good characters.)

WILKS. 


GUILTY
† Aged 30.—


Transported for seven Years.


MATILDA RICKETTS—


GUILTY. Aged 18.—



Confined One Year.


WALKER, and

MARY RICKETTS





NOT GUILTY.

