




2729. 




JOHN SLARK
 and 




JAMES TURNER, alias
 Skeimers,

 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Hester Johnson, about two o'clock in the night of the 
11th of September, at St. Marylebone, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 coat, value 12s.; 1 shawl, value 2l. 10s.; 2 gowns, value 2l.; 1 pelisse, value 10s.; 3lbs. weight of pork, value 2s.; 2 half-crowns, 2 shillings, and 4 sixpences; the property of 



Michael English.






MICHAEL ENGLISH
. I lodge at No. 17, East-street, Manchester-square, in the parish of St. Marylebone—Elizabeth Johnson, a widow woman, keeps the house. On Saturday, the 11th of September, I went to bed about one o'clock in the morning—I sleep in the back-parlour, on the ground-floor—I got up between five and six in the morning, and missed about 12s. out of my waistcoat pocket in the room I had slept in—my waistcoat was on the chair at the end of the bed—I missed a coat off the door leading from the back-parlour to the front, and a brown silk shawl off the top of a bureau-bedstead in the front-parlour, two gowns and a child's pelisse from the back-parlour, and some meat—I think the house had been entered by the window of the room I slept in, which was shut when I went to bed at night—there is no fastening, they had only to raise it up—they might with a common latch-key open the private door to enter the house

and go through the passage into the back-yard, or get to it by the back premises—I found the window had been pulled up sufficient for a person to come into the room—my wife was in bed with me and a baby—I have since seen the shawl and coat.





ARTHUR BILLER
. I live opposite Mr. Barnett's shop in Homer-street, Marylebone. On Sunday morning, the 12th of September, I saw the prisoner Slark, as near nine o'clock as I can recollect, come down from the New-road—he passed my shop-door, and crossed over to Barnett's, with a bundle over his arm, in a red handkerchief—he went into Barnett's.





ABRAHAM BARNETT
. I am a clothes-salesman, and live at No. 31, Homer-street. On Sunday morning, the 12th of September, a little before nine o'clock, somebody came to my shop with a bundle, which he left with me in a red handkerchief—he went away—he purchased a coat and had not money to pay for it, and said he would leave the bundle in my care while he went to get the money—the prisoner Slark looks very much like the man—I cannot say exactly that he is the person—I do not believe he is the person, but he looks very much like him—I took particular notice of the person—he had curly hair—he did not stop only to purchase the coat—I did not know the prisoner before—about ten minutes afterwards the police-sergeant came in—I gave him the bundle—while he was there the prisoner Turner came in, and said, "Has Jack Slark," or "Jack Clark, been here?"—I do not know which, I was rather frightened—I gave him no answer—the policeman took him into custody on suspicion.





THOMAS HENRY THOMPSON
. I am a policeman. In consequence of information, I went to Barnett's shop on Sunday morning and received a bundle from him—while I was there, Turner came in and asked if Jack Slark had been there that morning—Barnett did not answer him—I asked Turner what he wanted with Jack Slark—he said he wanted to see him—I then said I should take him into custody on suspicion of stealing this property, having the bundle in my hand at the time—he said he knew nothing about it—I produce the bundle.

Turner. Q. Did you ask what I wanted with Slark? A. Yes—you made no resistance.





MARY ANN CONSTANTIA ASHLEY
. I live at No. 12, Homerrow. I was going up Homer-row on the Sunday morning, about nine o'clock, and saw the two prisoners with a shawl attached to this fringe which is here, and a coat—they were standing still, a good distance from English's—the things were hanging down, and seeing this beautiful fringe, and knowing the prisoners, I thought they were not their own—I saw Turner fold the things up and put them between his knees, he took his hat off, took out his hand-kerchief, tied them up in it, and gave them to Jack Slark, who took them to Mr. Barnett's shop—I followed him there, saw him go in, and gave information to the sergeant.

Slark. I bought a sleeve-waistcoat of Barnett—I wish to know how she came to know me as a bad character? Witness. From constantly seeing him in company with bad characters, and frequenting skittle-grounds, and he has since been taken for a robbery.

JURY. Q. Have you any doubt about either of the prisoners? A. Not the smallest—I knew them both before—I knew Turner when he was in custody before for a robbery.





GEORGE HEALEY
. I am a policeman. On Saturday, the 23rd of October,

I went in search of Slark, and found him at the New Star and Crown public-house, Broadway, Westminster—I said, "I want you"—he said, "What for?"—I said, "For a robbery, at No. 17, East-street, Manchester-square"—he said, "I know nothing about it"—I said, "Do you know Barnett, the Jew, in Homer-street?"—he said, "No"—I said he must go with me.





JANE ENGLISH
. I am the prosecutor's wife. The articles in this bundle are mine—this is the fringe belonging to my shawl—I have received the shawl from Sergeant Thompson—I was obliged to pick it to pieces because it was so greasy, to get it dyed—it was taken that night—this coat belongs to my husband.





MICHAEL ENGLISH

re-examined. This is my coat.

Turner's Defence. At the time of the robbery I was at home in bed.

SLARK—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

TURNER—


GUILTY
. Aged 19




Transported for Fifteen Years.
