




449. 




JOHN PERKINS
 and 




MARIA WICKS
 were indicted for

 feloniously making 1 piece of false and counterfeit coin, intended to resemble and pass for a current shilling.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.





WILLIAM PENNEY
. I am a police-inspector of G division. On the 29th of December I went, in company with Redman, Farrow, and Humphreys, to No. 3, Church-street, St. Giles's, and found the street-door open, I went up to the first floor front-room, which I found locked inside—I forced it open, and saw the prisoner Wicks sitting on a bed, quite close to a large clear fire—Perkins was standing up by the fire with a mould in his left hand, and a saucepan full of hot metal in his right hand—he dropped both—Wicks called out, "Jem, you b—r, break it, you b—r, smash it"—Perkins had the mould under his feet at the time, and ground it to powder, except a few bits, which went right and left of his feet—on the fire was a small pot, red hot, without a handle, nearly full of white metal in a liquid state—I took it off—it was hot, and I dropped it on the ashes—both the prisoners kicked it under the bed—I took it up, and produce the contents, which were strewed about—I afterwards lifted up a loose board on the landing, just outside the door, and found a mould there for a half-crown of George III.—Perkins said it was not his, and he knew nothing about it—

Perkins. Q. Is not the other room nearer to the place the mould was, than mine? A. There is a room on the same landing as near, but

not nearer—your door was locked—I tried to open it—you said yourself, I must have given it a fine kick, for the staple was in such a way.





HENRY REDMAN
. I am a policeman. I accompanied Penney to the house—the room door was fastened inside—I did not hear the prisoner make any remark about the staple—I saw the door tried before it was forced, and we were obliged to make a regular rush before it opened—I found Perkins standing by the fire, and Wicks sitting on a bedstead close to the fire—Perkins let something fall from his hand like a white mould—he put his foot on it before I could get hold of it—I saw the pot of white metal—an iron spoon fell from Perkins—it was quite hot—I found some white metal in the cinders, and a counterfeit shilling, quite hot, which I produce—I found part of a Britannia-metal spoon on a table near the fire-place—on the mantel-piece was an old pair of scissors—I saw Penney take the pot from the fire—I picked part of it up from under the bed—it was still hot—both the prisoners attempted to kick it, and Wicks called to Jem to break it.





BENJAMIN FARROW
 (police-constable G 200.) I went with the other officers—I picked up part of a mould in front of the fire-place, on the floor—there were four or five pieces of a mould there—there was an impression on only one piece—a great deal was crushed to powder—on a shelf on the right hand of the fire-place I found a quantity of plaster-of-Paris in brown paper, and on the same shelf a cake of white metal, cold, which had been melted.





DANIEL HUMPHRIES
. I accompanied the witnesses to the house, and saw the mould found under the board on the landing—I found four counterfeit sixpences under the next board, quite handy to the mould.





RICHARD LANGLEY
. The house the officers went to belongs to me—I let it out—I let the front room, first-floor, about eight months ago, to a young woman who gave the name, of "Perkins"—she lived there with the prisoner, as her husband—he has paid me the rent about half a dozen times—I let it at 7d. a-night, to be paid every night—I generally send over for the rent, but sometimes Mrs. Perkins brought it—Wicks is an acquaintance of Mrs. Perkins's—I have seen them a great deal together—I have seen her in the room with both Perkins and his wife.

Perkins. Q. Was there a lock on my room? A. There was a bolt and latch on every room—the board which was taken up is rather nearer to your room than the other, I think, if there is any difference—the end of the board comes against the front room door—any thing could be put there without going into your room—one Smith lived in the back room—I believe he removed there a day or two after the officers came.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of counterfeit coin to the Mint—(examining the articles produced)—here are two or three small pieces of plaster-of-Paris, which I believe have formed part of a mould—on one piece I find a small part of what I believe to be the impression of the dex-ter part of the shield, the three lions, and a portion of the Hanoverian crown—here is a cast counterfeit shilling in an unfinished state, and some white metal of a similar description to the shilling, which is Britannia metal—the shilling is of Geo. III., and has the Hanoverian crown corresponding with this portion of the mould—here is a small pipkin or blacking-pot, with similar white metal—this iron spoon appears to have been used to fill the mould—it is tapered at the point to make a channel, and some white metal adhering to it—here is some plaster-of-Paris in powder, of which

moulds are generally made—this part of a spoon has been melted—scissors are used to cut off the gets—here are four counterfeit sixpences cast in white metal, and a complete mould for half-crowns, which appears to have been very much used; it is perfect, and has white metal now remaining in it—it is much discoloured with heat.

Perkins. I hope you will consider it is my first offence.

Wicks. It is my first offence.

PERKINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 22

WICKS—


GUILTY
. Aged 21




Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Coleridge.
