



533. 




JOSEPH STAGG
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 sheep, price 38s., the property of 



William Baker.—2nd COUNT, for killing it, with intent to steal the carcass; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM BAKER
. I have a field opposite the Wellington, at Highgate, in which I saw fourteen sheep of mine safe on Tuesday morning, the 9th of Jan. about half-past ten o'clock—I received information on Wednesday morning, about nine, went to the field, and there were but thirteen—I traced some footmarks of two or three men to where the sheep had been all scuffled together, and caught—one had then been dragged over the fence into the next field about 100 yards down the wood-side, and then dragged into the wood—I there found the skin, head, and feet, and the inside—some mutton was afterwards shown me by the policeman, which I compared with the skin, and it corresponded—(produced)—here is a brand mark on the skin—here is some wool on the mutton, and here is a hole or two in the skin, which corresponds with the mutton, and the joints correspond—I can swear that the mutton produced is part of my sheep.





HENRY TATE
 (police-constable G 136.) On Tuesday night, the 9th of Jan., I stopped the prisoner in Peter-street, Clerkenwell, about half-past nine, with another man who escaped—I asked the prisoner what he had got—he said, "Some mutton"—I asked where he got it from—he said he bought it in the street—I asked who of—he said, of a man in the street—I asked where—he said he did not know—he would not give me any further information, and I took him to the station—I found on him two shoulders of mutton, and a leg, quite warm, this saw and two knives, all over mutton-fat.

Prisoner. They may do as they please about it, I have been sworn to falsely, once or twice before—I told him I bought it for 6s.





JOHN SULLIVAN
 (police-constable N 26.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read)—he is the person who was tried and convicted—he had only been out of prison three days when he committed that offence.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

