



2693. 




WILLIAM PIZEY
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Charles Poore, about two in the night of the 
7th of September, at 
St. Mary, Whitechapel, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 20 sovereigns, 10 half-sovereigns, 240 half-crowns, 200 shillings, 200 sixpences; and 1 5l. note; his property.






CHARLES POORE
. I keep the Star and Garter, Whitechapel-road, in the parish of St. Mary, Whitechapel. The prisoner was my pot-boy, from the 5th of August to the 7th of September—on the night of the 6th of September, after the prisoner left the house, I went to bed at twelve o'clock, after shutting up the house—I bolted and locked the doors, both back and front, myself, and the kitchen door—the prisoner slept in the next house—I got up next morning at half-past six, and found the premises broken open, the kitchen door had been bored through, as if with a centre-bit, the bolt drawn back, a pane of glass broken in the window, and the lock unfastened—anybody could enter—I bad in the bureau, in the parlour, the night before, a bag, containing between 40l. and 50l. in silver; a cash-box, with 30l. in gold, and a 5l. Bank note—they were all gone, and the cash-box lying on the table.





ANN GORDON
. I am the bar-maid. I got up about a quarter after five o'clock, and found every thing as usual, but missed some money out of the till—I did not notice the kitchen door.





JOHN ASTRIDGE
. I am a constable of Portsmouth. The prisoner was brought to me there in custody, by a constable—I asked him what he had done with the money he was charged with stealing from Mr. Poore—he said, "I gave 14l. 10s. to the landlord of the White Hart, Portsmouth; I bought a set of clothes for 2l. 6s., and the rest of the money I spent"





JOHN ASTRIDGE, JUN
. I belong to Portsmouth, I took the prisoner into custody on the 9th of September, and told him he was charged with robbing his master, in London—he said he knew nothing about London—I took him to his master, and said, "Do you know this gentleman?"—he

said, "Yes"—I conveyed him to the station, and on the road he said "My master called me a rogue and vagabond; I thought he should not call me that for nothing, so I brought in three more, and did what I am taken for; we shared 20l. each; my share was sixteen sovereigns and a 5l. note."




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Yean.
