



751. 




SARAH CROSBY



, feloniously cutting and wounding 



John Smith on his right arm, with intent to do him grievous bodily harm.






JOHN SMITH
 (policeman, G 79).) About eight o'clock on the evening of 31st Jan., I was on duty at the Refuge for the Destitute, in Playhouse-yard—the prisoner had been in for a night's lodging—she was very impudent to the parties inside—when she came out, I said, "You have got your answer; go to St. Luke's-workhouse or somewhere else; they will not admit you again"—that is the rule of the place; they give destitute people a night's lodging—she made use of a very bad expression, and said she would do me some serious injury before the morning—she took a pen-knife from her pocket, opened it, and placed it in her bosom, and afterwards, in attempting to get her away, she cut me under the arm, and cut my two coats, and afterwards she stabbed me in the back of my arm—it bled very much—she was quite sober—she made several attempts to stab me—I kept her off with my truncheon—I did not strike her—the sergeant came up, and in attempting to take the knife from her she cut his finger and bit my thumb—we took her into custody.





ANN PIKE
. I am employed at the Refuge—the prisoner was very noisy and ill-conducted there.





JOHN BUBBERS MATHER
. I am a surgeon—I examined Smith's right arm—there was a punctured wound half an inch deep—he was unfit for duty ten days.

Prisoner's Defence. I went there at five o'clock for a night's lodging; I had some bread, and opened my knife to cut it; the policeman then came up, and told me to move out, and threw me out; he then came up again, and said, "You shall not be here"; I said, "I am not doing anything wrong; there was a large number of persons there; they told the policeman I had a knife in my hand; he came up to me in a passion to take it from me; the

sergeant also came up, kicked me in the chest, and knocked me down, and they took the knife from me.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

