




615. 



JOSEPH CLARK
 and 




HENRY CLARK
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
1st of January, 72 pairs of gloves, value 6l., the goods of 




William Mills, the master of the said Joseph Clark.






JOHN BARKER
 (City police-constable, No. 419.) On Saturday, the 1st of January, I was on duty in the Poultry, and saw the prisoner Henry going in a direction towards Whitechapel, with a bundle—I asked what he had under his arm—he said six dozen pairs of gloves, and he was going to No. 39, Whitechapel—I asked in what direction No. 39, Whitechapel was—he said, "On the other side of Whitechapel church, on the right hand"—I asked what he was to have for taking them—he said 2s., and that a Mr. Harris had given them to him at the Post-office—not being satisfied with his statement, I took him to the station—I went to make inquiries, and found neither the number nor the name of the person he mentioned—the parcel contained six dozen pairs of gloves—I went to the prosecutor's premises, and there found the prisoner Joseph—I asked if he knew a person named Henry Clark—he said he did, it was his brother—I asked if he knew any thing concerning the gloves—he said, with a great deal of agitation, that he knew nothing at all of what I meant, that he had done nothing—Mr. Mills gave him into custody on suspicion.

Henry Clark. When the policeman took me I asked him to let me go to Whitechapel with him to see whether the gentleman was there, but be would not let me go; he kept me at the station, and went himself. Witness. That is so.





HENRY MILLS
. I am warehouseman to my brother, William Mills, who is a wholesale glover, No. 3, Foster-lane—the prisoner Joseph was his errandboy. On the policeman coming I missed twelve dozen pairs of gloves from two cases in our back-room—the prisoner Henry was not employed on the premises—about three weeks before the robbery he came one afternoon to shut up the shutters for his brother, as I was out at a funeral—the shutters are very heavy, being lined with iron; and since our man has left I have put them up myself—the goods were not in that room then—this six dozen were kept at the back of the warehouse, in a room always kept locked, and which no one could have access to but myself, my brother, and the prisoner Joseph—the key was kept in the front ware-house—these gloves were a winter stock, and were put into that room to be kept till next winter, as we had sufficient of the same description for sale in the front warehouse—any body who got the key could get into the room if they knew where to find the key, but we never leave the front warehouse without some one in it—Joseph was very often out on errands—no one but him was employed on the premises—other persons occupy the upper part of the house, but they have no access to our warehouse—the handkerchief which these gloves are tied up in I have frequently seen in Joseph's possession—the gloves are my brother's manufacture, and have not been sold.

Henry Clark. He swears to them by the label. Witness. I know them by the style and make, and also by the label, which was engraved on purpose for us from a design of our own—no other manufacturer has one like it—I can swear they are my brother's gloves—they are cashmere.

JOSEPH CLARK—


NOT GUILTY
.

HENRY CLARK**—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
