




1072. 




WILLIAM DUDLEY
 and 




GEORGE HAY
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
10th of April, 1 firkin, value 1s.; and 90lbs. weight of butter, 4l. 10s.; the goods of 



Thomas Daniels and another.






GEORGE DANIELS
. I live with my brother, Richard Daniels, who is in partnership with my brother Thomas as cheesemongers. On Thursday evening, the 10th of April, I was at their shop—I had put two casks of butter at the door that afternoon—I missed one about half-past eight o'clock—I had seen it safe about a quarter past eight o'clock, and about five minutes after I missed it, it was brought back by a constable—it was my brother's property.





WILLIAM DAVISON DAY
. I was in company with Mumford on the 10th of April, in Ratcliff-highway, about half-past eight o'clock in the evening, and saw the prisoners coming and crossing over the road by Bluegate-fields—Hay was about a yard, or a yard and a half, behind Dudley, who was carrying a basket in his hand, containing a tub—they came from West-gardens, which is not above forty or fifty yards from the prosecutor's—as they passed up Bluegate-fields I followed them—Hay had a hat in his hand—he saw me, turned round, and went in front of Dudley, put his hand to Dudley's head, and pushed the basket from his head—it fell at my feet—they both ran away—I pursued, but lost them—Mumford stopped behind and detained the basket—I can swear to both the prisoners—I knew them before, and have seen them frequently.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You were on duty? A. I was in plain clothes.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Do you swear that Hay shoved the basket off Dudley's head? A. Yes—I told the Magistrate he put his hand on the basket—I believe everything I said was taken down—(looking at his deposition)—I cannot say that every word was—this is my signature—(the deposition being read, stated that Dudley threw the basket from his own head)—I say Hay assisted in throwing it from his head—I did not tell the Magistrate that Hay threw it down from his head.






GEORGE MUMFORD
 (policeman.) I was on duty with Day on the evening in question, and saw the prisoners together coming out of West-gardens—Dudley had the basket with the tub of butter on his head, and Hay was close behind him—they crossed over to Bluegate-fields together—we followed—Hay turned round and saw us coming—they went up the fields, and before I could get round the corner I saw the basket and tub on the ground—the prisoners ran away—I staid by the tub while Day pursued them—I took it to the station—it contained about 80lbs. weight of butter—I knew the prisoners well before, and have seen them in company frequently—I first saw them about fifty yards from Mr. Daniels—it was about half-past eight o'clock.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Were they not two hundred yards from the prosecutor's shop at least? A. think not—it might be—I do not recollect saying it was two hundred yards—I might have said so—(looking at his deposition)—it says so here—I might have made that mistake—I should not think it was quite two hundred yards.





GEORGE DANIELS

re-examined. I know this tub to be the one I pat at the door—it is marked N H.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did you put this mark there yourself? A. No—many have that mark.
(John Bissett, silk manufacturer, No. 8, Britannia-place, Globe-road, deposed to Hay's good character.)

DUDLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

HAY—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.





Transported for Seven Years.


Fifth Jury.

