



2188. 




JAMES BRENNAN
 was indicted

 for that he, on the 
2nd of August, at 
Lambeth, unlawfully, maliciously, and feloniously did cut and wound 



Peter Anthony Cullen, in and upon the forehead, with intent to kill and murder him.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be with intent to maim and disable him.—3rd COUNT, to do him some grievous bodily harm.


MR. JONES
conducted the Prosecution.






PETER ANTHONY CULLEN
. I am a comedian. On Sunday evening, the 2nd of August, I went into the Coach and Horses public-house, Lambeth, and had two glasses of gin and water with another gentleman—I was returning home between half-past eleven and twelve o'clock, and was in High-street, on a parallel with Lambeth-walk—I was not affected with liquor when I went into the Coach and Horses—the prisoner was there while I was there—some of the company were talking about Ireland—one of them referred to me, and I jokingly replied, "I like Ireland," or "I like the boys, for I consider myself half an Irishman"—the prisoner addressed himself to me, and called me a b——impostor, or something, and I said he was a dirty carpenter for swearing—I afterwards called for liquor, for the purpose of making peace, but the landlord refused to serve it, and I left the house instantly, at his request—after leaving I saw two persons opposite, and spoke to them—as I walked direct towards my own home, I heard a footstep by the side of me, and the prisoner, on the instant, struck me on the front of my head, and I fell—I had my hat on—I lost my senses—when I came a little to myself I was in a doctor's shop, but lost myself again after that, and found myself in bed at my lodging.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you known the prisoner before? A. Never—I never had any quarrel with him.





JAMES REED
. I am landlord of the Coach and Horses public-house. I remember Cullen and the prisoner being at my bar—Cullen came in about twenty-five minutes to twelve o'clock—I heard a conversation between him and the prisoner—when Cullen called for a glass of porter I drew it him, and while he was waiting, at the end of the bar, the prisoner came out of the tap-room—Cullen said, "Oh, here is an Irishman; I am half an Irishman myself; I like the boys very well, but I don't like the bogs"—the prisoner said he was no Irishman, but an impostor—Cullen said he did not care for any Irishman, he did not care for Daniel O'Connell—the prisoner got into a passion, and tried to strike him—Cullen called him a dirty carpenter—I got in between them, and said I would have no fighting there, and would be obliged to the prosecutor to go home—I got him out, and told him to go home—some time after the prisoner went out, and was standing at the door, and one or two on the other side of the way were there, talking—I afterwards heard the cry of police, but did not see the prosecutor nor prisoner—(looking at a poker)—I have lost a poker out of my kitchen—I first missed it as soon as I heard that the prosecutor had been

knocked down with a poker—this might be mine—I believe it is, but I never go into the kitchen—I do not know what sort of poker I had in the kitchen, but we missed it that night.

Q. You have been examined before, look at it, do you believe it to be your poker, or not? A. I believe it might be, but I cannot say.

COURT. Q. Have you any belief on the subject? A. We lost a poker of that description—Cullen was the worse for liquor, and I believe the prisoner was not so—he did not appear so to me—neither Cullen nor the prisoner were in the kitchen, to my knowledge—it is five or six yards from the bar—the guests do not go there—it is beyond the tap-room—a person can go to it from the tap-room very easily.

JURY. Q. How long before the prisoner, did Cullen leave your house? A. I should say seven or eight minutes.





ABSALOM ADAMS
. I am a builder and carpenter, and live in Prince's-row, Lambeth. On Sunday evening, the 2nd of August, I saw Cullen directly opposite the Coach and Horses public-house—he made an application to me—after that, I saw the prisoner raise his arm, and strike Cullen with something, and he immediately passed by me, flourishing this poker in his hand—I never lost sight of him till he was apprehended—Cullen dropped like a man shot—I said to the prisoner, "You d—d villain, you have murdered the man"—Cullen bled very much—I assisted in taking him to Mr. Thompson, the surgeon, and caused the prisoner to be secured—I saw the poker produced directly afterwards.





GEORGE KIDNEY
. I am a policeman. I was on duty in Broad-street, Lambeth, on the 2nd of August, and saw Cullen and the prisoner—by the shade of the lamp I saw Cullen fall (as I was walking on my beat) on the pavement, and the prisoner run away—I pursued him down the street—he was turned back by a person—I tripped him up, and in falling, he dropped this poker, which I have had ever since—Cullen appeared a little intoxicated, and lay on the pavement—he was taken to the doctor's—I got this hat at the doctor's—it is cut—as the prisoner rose off the ground, I laid hold of him, and said, "You villain, what do you mean by this?"—he said, "I will kill the b—lot of them"—I said, "If you don't be quiet, I shall give you what you have not had yet," and then he went quietly with me.
P. A. CULLEN
re-examined. This is the hat I had on.





WILLIAM THOMPSON
. I am a surgeon, and live in Lambeth-walk. On Sunday night, the 2nd of August, Cullen was brought to my house between twelve and one o'clock—he was literally covered with blood—on examining him, I found an extensive wound from the left protuberance of the forehead, extending down to the inner angle of the eye—it was as if it had been grooved—it was cut directly through, and the outer plate of the skull was as if you had taken a saw and made a groove in it—part of the bone was coming through the orifice—I washed him and sent him home—I attended him—inflammatory symptoms arose in about thirty-six hours, and he had erysipelas in the face, all over—his life was undoubtedly in danger—it was such a wound as might have been inflicted by this poker—I considered his life in danger for about a week—I have attended him till the present time—the wound is not perfectly healed now—in my judgment, if he had not had his hat on, the wound would have produced instant death—I have no doubt of it.




GUILTY on 3rd Count. Aged 39.—


Transported for Twelve Years.


Before Mr. Recorder.

