



2107. 




EDWARD LEPARD
 was indicted

 for feloniously and knowingly uttering a forged order for the delivery of 5 sheep, with intent to defraud 



John Goodman.—2nd COUNT, calling it a warrant.


MR. WILKINS
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN GOODMAN
. I am a cattle salesman. I was in Smith field-market on Friday, the 9th of June, and had five wether sheep for sale—the prisoner came and bargained for them—it is the custom if the sheep are not paid for at the close of the market, they are generally locked up till they are paid for—the party purchasing them is expected to pay the money at the banker's where the sheep are entered—he is informed where that bank is—on paying the money for them into the bank he receives an order for the delivery of them—the prisoner has never paid me for the sheep—I had never seen him before that day to my recollection—at the close of the market, the sheep not being paid for, were locked up in Turner and Clark's yard—I came to town again on the Monday—I saw the prisoner again, on the following Friday, in the market—he bargained for seven sheep and five lambs—he did not pay for them—he was afterwards driving them away and I stopped him—in consequence of that I sent my man to inquire about the five sheep I had sold him the week before, and from information I received, I took him with me to Turner's yard, and he was apprehended that day.

COURT. Q. Did you tell him what bank to pay the money at? A. I did not tell him, but I expect he knew—it is their place to inquire what bank.





JAMES LARCOMBE
. I was present when Goodman sold the sheep to the prisoner, no money was paid.





WILLIAM BURGESS
. I am a drover. On Friday the 9th of June, I took five sheep to Clark's yars—the prisoner went to the bottom of the yard with me—he said he had purchased these sheep, and wanted me to drive them down to Mr. Oliver's, who is a butcher, and I should have something to drink—I drove them out of Clark's yard, but not to Oliver's:—I had not received instructions from my master where to drive them—I saw the prisoner again on the Monday—Mr. Clark showed me this order—I saw it produced to the prisoner on the Friday after, and he said it was his writing, and that he had sold four sheep to Mr. Buckope, and one to Mr. Oliver.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. What passed about the order? A. When he went to the yard he said he wrote out that order—that was on Friday when he went up Mr. Clark's yard—he was up the yard with me, Mr. Goodman, and a Jew—Mrs. Clark had it in her hand when he said he wrote it—I do not know whether he can write—he was near enough to see it.

COURT. Q. How came he at Clark's yard at that time? A. Mr. Goodman

had taken him up and brought him there—he said, "I want you to come up the yard with me," and he went with him—he asked him whether, he had paid for the sheep, and he said that would be all right—the order wai then produced, and he said it was his writing—nobody had said before that that he had better tell the truth, or confess, to my knowledge.





EULALIA MARTHA CLARK
. I am the wife of Charles Ranspach Clarke. On the 9th of June Burgess brought five sheep to my premises, to he locked up in Mr. Goodman's name—next day the prisoner came to our premises, and said he had come for five sheep he had bought of Mr. Goodman—I said he could not have them without an order—he went away, and came again on the Monday, about three or half-past three o'clock in the afternoon—he did not produce an order then, but asked for them, and was again refused—he came again in about half an hour, and produced this order, which I put on the file—I gave him the sheep—I am quite certain this is the order—I told him he must pay for the locking up—he went away and brought Oliver, and got the money from him, to pay for the keep of the sheep—I then told my man to let him have the sheep—he drove them away—he came on the following Friday with Mr. Goodman, to my premises—the order was shown to him—no one told him it would be better to confess, or speak the truth—he said he wrote the order.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know Oliver? A. I did not know his name at the time, I knew his person—I did not understand that the sheep were for him—I never inquired—he lent 1s. 10d. to pay for the keep—I knew nothing of the prisoner—he said he wrote the order—Mr. Goodman asked him where he got the order.





WILLIAM OLIVER
. I am a butcher, and live in Turnmill-street, Clerkenwell. On Monday, the 12th of June, I met the prisoner promiscuously in Cow-cross—he said, "Mr. Oliver, will you let me kill five sheep at your place?"—I had seen him once before—it it usual to allow people to slaughter sheep—there is a regular sum paid for it—I gave him leave to do it—he said, "They are paid for, will you lend me 2s. to pay for the locking up"—I went with him to the Rose and Crown, Clark's yard, to see if it was all right—we saw Mrs. Clark—I lent him the 2s. when I saw the sheep there—I believe he drove the sheep away—I afterwards went home, and found him killing them at my premises—I got the entrails and paunches for allowing him to kill them.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to represent that it is customary for butchers to permit their premises to be used for slaughtering sheep? A. Yes, for the guts and paunches—several deal in that way—Mr. Russell, of Cow-cross, for one—he killed them on the Monday, about four o'clock, and took four away on the Tuesday—I was present when they were killed—the skins went to Mr. Challis, a skin salesman—my skin-man took them to Mr. Challis's skin-man, at nine o'clock the same night, by the prisoner's direction—I had seen the prisoner once before, when he went by my shop—he asked me where my father was, as he passed by—I said he was gone to Smithfield—that is all I knew of him—I did not know who he was, or how he got his living—he appeared to be a butcher by his dress—he said they were paid for—I went up the yard, and saw them delivered to him—I saw this order there—I never saw it before—the porter came next morning with the prisoner, about nine or ten, and took them away—I keep a butcher's shop—the money for the skins is at the book now—they were booked by my skin-man, but in the prisoner's name—he left orders with my man to take them there—I was present when the skin-man took them away, and heard the prisoner order him to do so—I never saw him write.


MR. WILKINS. Q. How long have you been in business? A. Twenty years—I have been at my present honse fifteen years—I saw the order in Clark's yard—it was produced to the prisoner in my presence—he said he wrote it.





JOHN GOODMAN

re-examined. This order is not my writing—I never authorized anybody to write it for me.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.

