



176. 




WILLIAM DIXON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of Nov., 1 breast-pin, value 3l., the goods of 



William Hughes.






WILLIAM HUGHES
. I am a jeweller, and live at No. 117, High-street, Southwark. The prisoner came to my shop on Tuesday, the 19th of Nov., to examine some pins—he looked at some diamond pins, and selected one, on which he left 1s. deposit, stating that his brother would call in the morning and pay the difference—the price of that pin was 2l. 12s.—after he had left the shop we looked over the cushion and discovered a pin of the value of 35s. missing—he came again the following morning to look at some more diamond pins—my suspicions were naturally aroused, and I counted the number, which was eighteen, and placed them on a cushion before him—during the time a customer came into the shop, and entered into conversation—the prisoner also entered into conversation with him—while the gentleman was in conversation with me, the prisoner took one diamond pin from off the cushion, and secreted it up his sleeve—I saw him—immediately after he had done so, he called my attention to one of the pins which he had previously been looking at, and wished me to send that pin to his brother's house—he particularly wished I should bring it myself with the pin on which he had left the deposit the day before—I took down the address which he gave me, "No. 5, Mary Ann-place, Southward bridge-road," which I afterwards discovered to be a fictitious address—I counted the pins after I had seen him put the one up his sleeve, and there were only seventeen—while taking the address down, I rang the bell for my assistant—the prisoner still had the diamond pin up his sleeve—I could not see it up his sleeve, but I am quite positive he put it there—I called my assistant twice after that, and while calling him the prisoner dropped the pin from his sleeve on to a ledge on the counter—I am quite positive of that, and I am quite positive the pin had not been there previous to my calling my assistant, for I bad distinctly seen the spot where the pin was afterwards found, and there was nothing on it—I did not hear the pin fall—I charged him then with having taken the pin, and also one the day before, and I said in a hurried manner, "If you will give me back the one you took the day before, I will not send for a policeman—he denied it, and I immediately sent for a policeman, and gave him into custody—I went to No. 5, Mary Ann-place, and they knew no such person as Mr. Henry Dixon—the landlord said a Mr. V. Jay did live at the house, but no Mr. Henry Dixon—the prisoner had said I was to take them to Mr. V. Jay, and ask for Mr. Henry Dixon, who was his brother—I have nobody here from that house.

Prisoner. Q. Who was in the shop the second day I went there? A. My assistant when you first came in—a gentleman came in while you were there; he looked at the pins on the cushion, made some remarks on the colour of the stones, and took them to the door to look at them, but the one you put up your sleeve was not then on the cushion—I will swear he never touched that pin—what pins the gentleman looked at were taken off the cushion—this one was on the cushion—the gentleman had not the opportunity of taking the pin as well as you—there were eighteen pins after he left—he could have removed the pin certainly, but he did not—he left before you—I said if you would restore me the pin you had stolen the day before, or its value, I would not give you into custody—I counted the pins when I took them out of the window and put them before you—I

had time to do so—they were placed one, two, three, four, and five, so that I could count them—I counted them five or six times while on the counter, expecting every time to miss one—when you had put the pin up your sleeve I had an opportunity of looking along the ledge where you afterwards placed it—I could see it was not there—you were going out, and I was anxious to prevent it—I could not see the ledge when I was behind the counter—the gentleman had left the shop before you put the pin there—I did not see you put it there—I saw you put it up your sleeve—I did not count the pins at the time I took them out of the window the first day, or I should have discovered it—it was the second day—there was eighteen—I did not count them the first day, but one particular pin marked 35s. was gone—that is how I know it was missing—the depositions were not taken down in Court before you on Wednesday—when you were taken up I asked Mr. Cottingham to be kind enough to remand you that I might go round to the trade, thinking I might discover some other case, and I found you had taken two pins from Mr. Hayes, of Farringdon-street, and had only come out of prison four days—the officer from Giltspur-street gave me that information—I counted my pins at the time I gave you into custody, and told you there were only seventeen—no pin was found on you—I saw you place the pin up your sleeve—I did not see it when it was up there.





GEORGE TOMKINS
 (police-constable M 166.) I received charge of the prisoner at the prosecutor's shop, with the pin he was charged with secreting ing there—I have it here—I went to the address the prosecutor represented the prisoner had given, and found no such name as Dixon known there.

Prisoner's Defence. I would first call your attention to the manner in which the prosecutor acts towards me when he accuses me of felony. He first endeavours to extort money from me by threatening to give me in charge for felony, and because I would not compromise the matter for 35s. he gives me in custody. He says himself he offered to compromise it; surely you cannot believe that that man comes here for justice, for he offers to compromise the matter; does he want justice, or to compromise justice? if he is a respectable man, and no doubt he is, as the keeper of a jeweller's shop, does it show respectability on his part to attempt to compound a felony? I know nothing of the law myself, or perhaps he would be liable to punishment for it. I shall leave it in your hands. My friends are respectable and monied persons, but I did not wish them to know where I was, or to have my name in the public papers, which induced me to give a false name when I was taken up. I can refer to Davis and Company, furriers, Bull's Head Court; they know my father very well. I wrote to my father, saying that I was in difficulty, but have not let him know where I am. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court. I fully expect if I am brought in guilty, that I shall be transported; the officers of Newgate have many of them told me so.




GUILTY.* Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years
.

Before Mr. Baron Alderson.
