



323. 




GEORGE WESTON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
5th of December, 1 bag, value 6d.; 6 half-crowns, 20 shillings, 10 sixpences, and 1 groat; the property of 



George Back.


MR. CHAMBERS
conducted the Prosecution.





ELLEN BACK
. I am the wife of George Back, who keeps the George and Vulture public-house. On Saturday afternoon, the 5th of December, the prisoner came there, and asked for 1 1/2 d. worth of gin, and the day's paper—I gave him the paper—while he was reading it, a boy came in for change—I took a canvas bag out of the till, and gave the change—there was about 4l. in silver, wrapped in different papers, and 1l. loose—I think there were some half-crowns among them—after I had given change, another gentleman asked for the newspaper—I said he should have it as soon as the prisoner had done—the prisoner then laid it down, and asked for Friday's paper—I gave it to him, and then went with the day's paper to the gentleman who had asked for it—while I was gone, I distinctly heard money jink in the till—when I returned, I saw the prisoner outside the bar, in the act of taking his hand from over the counter—I said, "You have robbed my till"—he said, "I have not"—I ran to the front door, and bolted it—on my return he knocked me down with his fist, and I think he must have tripped up one of my feet, I fell so suddenly—he unbolted the door, and ran out—I got up, and hallooed "Stop thief "—he was then running in the middle of the street—he was brought back by a person—this bag was shown me afterwards—it had 2l. in it, and one fourpenny-piece—1l. is in paper.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had there been a little boy in the bar? A. Yes—he comes for change for a person on Saturdays—I was very much frightened when the prisoner knocked me down—I did not receive much injury—the skin was knocked off my knee—about three minutes elapsed from the time I bolted the door till he was brought back.





HENRY BARRETT
. I am a bricklayer. I was working near the George and Vulture, and heard the cry of "Stop thief"—I ran out, and followed the person, and saw him run into a pawnbroker's shop—directly I got to

the door, I heard some money jingling on the floor—the prisoner came out, ran a step or two, and was stopped.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know him before? A. No—he did not get out of my sight—I saw Potter take hold of him—I did not see a boy running.





CHARLES TRAVELL
. I am in the service of Mr. Cordings, a pawnbroker in Ratcliff-highway. On that Saturday I heard the cry of "Stop thief," and the prisoner came into our door-way—I picked up a small canvas bag with 15s. in it, and some money lying by the side of it.





EDWARD POTTER
. I stopped the prisoner in Church-street—I received a canvas bag and some money from Travell, which I saw delivered to the policeman.





MART ROBSON
. I am the prosecutor's servant. I followed the prisoner to the corner of the street where the pawn shop is—he came out—I laid hold of him—he pushed me aside, and got away—I followed him, and told Mr. Potter to take him.





THOMAS THORPE
 (police-constable H 57.) I took charge of the prisoner, and received the bag and the money—he said he knew nothing about it, that he went in with a friend to get something to drink.




GUILTY
. Aged 48.—


Transported for Seven Years.
