






2698. 




CHARLES WILKINSON,



 HENRY LAYCOCK
, and 



DAVID PYMER
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
24th of August, 2 carpets, value 25l. 10s.; the goods of 



Charles Alderton.—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the property of William, Viscount Melbourne; and 





MARY HILLS



 for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






CHARLES ALDERTON
. I live in Little Chesterfield-street, Marylebone, and have a stable in Cross Keys-mews, leading out of Marylebone-street. On the 24th of August I had two large carpets to beat—I beat them and put them safe into my stable at half-past nine at night—I left the stable quite safe at half-past ten—about twenty minutes before five in the morning I was called by a policeman—two carpets out of three were gone, and the lock of the door was broken—I have seen them since—they are the same.

Cross-examined by
MR. CROUCH. Q. Whose carpets are they? A. I had them from Lord Melbourne's—I got them from his house myself.






CHARLES PIGEON
. I am a cab-man. On the night of the 24th of August, about half-past eleven o'clock, I was in Great Marylebone-street with my cab—Wilkinson and Laycock came up and told me to come to Cross-Keys-mews—they there put a carpet into a bag—I cannot say whether there was one or two—it was large carpeting—they did not get into the cab themselves.—they walked, as it was so large—they took the carpet oat at Oxford-buildings—I thought there was an entrance another way, and that they would not come back to pay me, but in about an hour after they came back, and Wilkinson paid me—while waiting there Pymer came up and asked me what I was waiting there for—I said I had brought a job from Marylebone-street which I had not been paid for—he was standing about a stone's throw from the place to where I took the carpet—the place I took it from was nearly half a mile off—I did not see anything of Pymer at that time—he was never near the place from where the carpet was taken—he said nothing about the carpet—he only came and spoke to me—I said I was going home very soon if' they did not return and pay me—it was half-past eleven when they came for the cab.


Cross-examined. Q. Where were you when Wilkinson and Laycock employed you? A. In Marylebone-street—there is a thoroughfare to the news—I have known Pymer for four or five years—he is a cab-man—I asked him to jump on my box—there was no person came up but him then—I should say he did not know any thing about the affair—I live in Weston-court, Holborn—Pymer lived in Cross Keys mews—when Wilkinson and Laycock came back and paid me, all four of us went and had something to drink at the Feathers, at the corner of Argyle-street, Regent-street—Pymer asked if I would give him a ride towards Marylebone—there was no conversation between the parties' about the carpet in Pymer's presence, in my hearing—he rode outside with me, and Wilkinson and Laycock inside—we all four went back together.





CHARLOTTE BUSHELL
. I am the wife of William Bushell, and keep the Cross Keys, Cross Keys-mews—I know Wilkinson, Laycock, and Pymer by sight. On Wednesday, the 24th of August, about half-past eleven o'clock, they all three came in—they did not wait half a second, I should think, they only came in, turned round, and went out again—they called for a pint of beer—I heard a cab go out of the mews shortly after, but I cannot tell whether it was theirs—they all three went out just at that time—I cannot say exactly the moment they went out—there were several people standing there at the time.

Cross-examined. Q. Does Pymer live in the neighbourhood? A. They live at the back, in the mews—they were not accustomed to use my house of a night—Pymer had not been to my house some time before that—I believe he drives a cab—there was nothing uncommon in his being there.





EDWARD KNIGHT
. I am a labourer, and live in Marylebone-lane. On the 24th of August, about half-past eleven o'clock, I was sitting in the bar of the Cross Keys, when Wilkinson, Laycock, and Pymer came in and called for a pint of beer—they went out together, and directly after I heard a cab go down the mews—I did not go outside the door.

Cross-examined. Q. Were there other persons there? A. Two or three others—they were in front of the bar—I was behind.





ELLEN BEARD
. I live at the Cross Keys, Marylebone-lane. About half-past eleven o'clock that evening I saw some persons in Cross Keys mews—I do not know how many there were—I saw Wilkinson and

Laycock—I heard them say it was no go—I do not know which it was—I had not heard a cab.


Cross-examined. Q. You did not see Pymer then? A. No—I was examined before the Magistrate—I stated then that I heard this conversation—I only know Wilkinson and Laycock by sight—they do not come to our house.





JANE KING
. I live at No. 20, Oxford-buildings, Oxford-street, opposite Marylebone-lane; the prisoner Hills lodges in my house. On the morning of the 25th, about twenty minutes before nine o'clock, I saw Mr. Robinson, who also lodges in the house, go out to his work—I wished him good morning—directly after I saw the police-sergeant go into Bayes's shop—(Bayes is a man who has not been caught)—I turned up stain to my own room—about five minutes before ten I was sweeping the stairs down, when Bayes came to the two pair front, where Hills lodges—he asked her a question—I cannot say what it was, but the answer she made was, "I dare not take anything in; I am not allowed to take anything in or out of Mr. Robinson's room in his absence"—Bayes, I believe, had two carpets in his possession—Hills lodges with Robinson—she has been a servant, and always appeared a very nice young woman—Bayes returned down stain—in about a minute he came up again, knocked at the door, and said, "Mary, if you do not take this carpet I shall be transported; they will not come to look into anybody's place, only mine"—Bayes owns the bottom part of the house, and lets the second-floor front—Hills looked very pale and frightened, and went down stairs—he said he would make her a present—she called another woman, a lodger in the same room—they took the carpet out of the first-floor front, and put it into Mr. Robinson's room, in his absence—directly afterwards she locked the door and went out—she returned at a quarter to one—at one Robinson returned to his dinner—it was as much as I could do to tell him anything about the carpet before the policeman knocked at the door, and the carpet was found in his back-room.





DANIEL VINCER
 (police-constable D 91.) On the 25th of August, about two o'clock, I was in Wimpole-street, and heard a dispute in Cavendish square—when I got into the square I saw the three prisoners and Pigeon putting the horse to rights in the cab—Pigeon said to Laycock and Wilkinson, "Jump in," and they both got into the cab, and Pymer and Pigeon outside—I followed the cab down to the bottom of Wood stock-street, Marylebone—I stopped on the beat till the man came round, and told him about the cab being there—we went down together—I went over and asked Pigeon what he did there—the cab was standing there—he told me he had brought a gentleman from Covent-garden—I asked if he was waiting to take him back again—he said no, that was nothing to do with me—I took his number, and he drove away—just as I was going away Pymer came up towards the cab in the middle of the road—as soon as he saw me he walked across on to the pavement on the opposite side—I told my brother constable that Pymer was going that way, and he followed and watched him—I do not know how the horse came out of the cab I was not there at the time.

Cross-examined. Q. You did not say anything before the Magistrate about Pigeon saying he had come from Covent-garden? A. Yes, I did—I had seen Laycock and Wilkinson in his cab, and knew he did not come

from Covent-garden—he did not know that—I was the person that was at Cavendish-square.





PATRICK JAMES
. I am a policeman. I went to Alderton's stable about half-past three o'clock in the morning—the door was opened.





THOMAS HARRISON
 (police-constable D 14.) I went to this house in Oxford-buildings—I found Hills and a man named Robinson standing in the second-floor front-room—I looked round and saw another door leading into a back-room—I said, "Who does that room belong to?"—Robinson said, "To tell you the truth, the carpet is there," and I found it there—Hills said it was brought there by a man named Bayes. (Hills received a good character.)

WILKINSON—


GUILTY
*. Aged 20.

LAYCOCK—


GUILTY
*. Aged 20.





Transported for Seven
 Years.

PYMER—


NOT GUILTY
.

HILLS>—



GUILTY. Aged 29.—Recommended to mercy,—



Confined Ten Days.
