




96. 




ANN M'CORMACK
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 sovereign, the monies of 



Leah Aarons.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.





LEAH AARONS
. I am in the service of Mr. Silva—I went there on the 29th of Sept.—I had lived there before, and left on account of ill healththe prisoner was a fellowservant of mine—she had been in the service about three weeks—I knew she was about to leave, and had received warning from her mistress—the prisoner and another servant, named Flora Myers, and I, all slept in the same room—on Sunday, the 10th of Nov., I went up stairs to my bed-room to dress—while I was dressing, the prisoner came in—I had a box belonging to me in that room, and in that box I had a sovereign, which I had seen safe that afternoon—while I was dressing, I asked the prisoner to go to my box to get my stays—I fancied they were in that box, but they were not—that was between three and four o'clock—when she went to that box she had an opportunity of seeing the sovereign—anybody could have seen it, by going to the box—I generally kept the box locked, but sometimes it was open—it was locked on that Sunday—when the prisoner went down stairs, and I had finished dressing, I locked the box—it was shut before she left, and I merely turned the key, and put it into my pocket—we all slept in that room that night—I did not sleep with the prisoner—the next morning, about ten, the little girl, Julia Silva, asked me for my key, to open her box—I lent it to her, and I went outside with her—I did not lose sight of the key while it was in the child's hand—I then took the key down stairs with me—in about two hours after, the child was missing from the house, there was a great alarm, and I and the rest went to look after her—I saw Mrs. Halton and Mrs. Murrell, and in consequence of what I heard from them, I went and opened my box, and my sovereign was gone—the box opened as usual—that was on the Monday, the 11th of Nov.—the prisoner had been sent, amongst other persons, to look after the child—she returned from looking after her while I was looking in my box and missed my sovereign—I complained to her of the loss of it—she said, "I saw it in the corner of your box yesterday"—I afterwards accompanied Miss Silva to No. 4, Charles-court, St. Martin's-lane—I went into the house with a policeman, between five and six o'clock the same evening—I found the little girl there.





JULIA SILVA
. My birthday was on the 30th of Oct.—I am the daughter of Mr. Silva, who is here—I live in King-street, Finsbury, with my father, mother, sister, and the family—I remember the prisoner coming as servant to our house, in Oct.—she had been there a week when she had warning given her—after the warning was given her, she asked me several times if I would go away with her to the Strand—she said she was going to set up a cap shop, and a sweetstuff shop—I at first refused—she was always asking me every day, and I refused—I do not know how long she continued asking me—I remember going away on the Monday—I think it is a fortnight ago—it was the same day that I was found in Charles-court—I remember, the Sunday before that Monday, my mamma had a friend, and she told me to go to bed—I went down into the kitchen, and told Flora, the little girl who waits on me, to light my fire, and she went up to light it—the prisoner and I were then left in the kitchen, and the prisoner said to me, "Miss Julia, now is a very good opportunity;

you can go away now, and leave the door open"—I said, "No, a thief might come in and murder my mamma"—she did not say anything more to me then, and I went to bed—on the Monday morning I went down to take a message from mamma, and the prisoner called me into the back kitchen—she gave me a sovereign, and said I was to go and buy what I wanted, and then to go to the Strand—(one day I had been speaking to Leah about dolls' clothes, and I told her mamma was going to buy me a doll's basket)—the prisoner told me to go and buy my doll's-things, and take a cab and go to the Strand—I did not know my way to the Strand—I knew there was such a place—the prisoner had threatened me if I did not go, and said she would do something—I at last agreed to go, and she gave me the sovereign—I went from the back kitchen, up stairs to dress, and then I went out—I had got the sovereign, and I went first to Mrs. Murrell's, and several other places, and then I got a cab, and went to Bishopsgate-street—I there bought some things, and then went to Sun-street, to look if the prisoner was there—she had told me to do so—I at last drove to the Strand, and afterwards went to Charles-court—I there got a pen and ink, and wrote this letter (looking at it) to the prisoner—I sent Mrs. Hall's little boy to put it in the post—I staid at Charles-court till my sister came and fetched me, between five and six o'clock—I had told the prisoner I would write to her—she did not say anything to me about giving her any of the money—when my sister came to me, I had only 10 1/2 d. left.





MOSES HOLMES SILVA
. My private residence is at No. 2, King-street, Finsbury. I carry on business at the East India-chambers; Julia Silva is my daughter; she is ten years and three weeks old. The prisoner came into my service on the 19th of Oct., and on the 1st of Nov. she came into the parlour, said she was very much distressed, and wanted a pair of boots, and I lent her 10s.





FLORA MYERS
. I am in the service of Mr. Silva. I remember the little girl going out on the Monday morning, and the same day a letter was brought by the postman for the prisoner—she was out when it came—I took it down into the kitchen, and when the prisoner came in I showed it her, and she took it and put it down her bosom—after she had taken it, I asked her if she could read, knowing she could not—she said, "No"—I proposed to read the letter to her, and I did so—she said she would take it and tell her mistress, and go and fetch the child—she took the letter, and left the envelope on the table—she did not go up to her mistress, but she put on her bonnet and shawl, and went out of the halldoor—I did not see her again till she was in custody.





JOHN MONKS
 (police-constable F 61.) I received information of the flight of this child—I went to No. 4, Charles-court, to the lodging of Mrs. Hall—I went at the same time that the elder sister and the servant went to fetch the child—when we got there we found the child—she was given to her sister and the servant, and they went home in a cab—I waited at the room for half an hour, and then the prisoner came—she said she was the person who had come after the little girl, but not the person who had sent her away—I had not at that time said anything to her about the little girl being sent away—I then took her into custody, and she repeated the words again—I said, "You come with me, and I will take you where the little girl is"—she then gave me the letter—in going to the station I asked her if she knew anything about the sovereign—she said her fellowservant told her

the little girl had taken the sovereign out of her box—she was taken to the station, and before the Magistrate the next day.





LEAH AARON

re-examined. Q. Did you tell the prisoner that the little girl had taken the sovereign out of your box? A. No.
(Letter read.) "Dear Ann,—I write to inform you that I have gone to the Westend, but I hope you will come tonight, as I do not know what I shall do without you; for now I have gone, I can't come back. Come about seven o'clock; now do, Ann, come, for I do not know what I shall do without; I am obliged to take any place till you come. I have no more to say, but believe me to remain your affectionate, JULIA SILVA. Pray come—No. 4, Charles-court, St. Martin's-lane."




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years
.
