



232. 




MARY LYNCH
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
25th of Nov., 2 shawls, value 24s.; 1 scarf, 1s.; 1 pair of stays, 2s.; 1 petticoat, 5s.; 1 pair of boots, 4s.; 1/2 lb. weight of tea, 2s. 6d.; 1 shilling, 12 pence, 24 halfpence, and 12 farthings; the property of 



Sarah Chandler: and that she bad been before convicted of felony.






SARAH CHANDLER
. I am single, and am a laundress, living in Steven-street, Tottenbam-court-road. On the 25th of Nov. the prisoner came to the street door for a lodging—she said she was a servant out of place—I took her in, and asked for a reference—she mentioned all the trades people round about—she staid from Monday evening till Friday morning—she slept with me—on that morning she got up first, and was about the room for half-an-hour—I then saw her going out of the door with a bundle under her cloak—I asked where she was going—she said she should be back again—after she was gone I missed my black scarf which had been on the chair the evening before—I did not find her—I went back to my house, and missed the other articles, and all the money out of the child's money-box—the next morning I got a duplicate of the black scarf and the shawl—the prisoner was brought to the station on Saturday, with my flannel petticoat on, and my boots—she begged me not to appear against her, and she would give up my things.





JOHN EWELL
. I live with Mr. Steven's, a pawnbroker, in Wardour-street. I produce a scarf and shawl pledged by the prisoner on the 25th of Nov., in the name of Ann Chandler.





WILLIAM WHITTAKER
. I live with Mr. Tingay, a pawnbroker, in Greek-street.

I produce a pair of stays pledged in the name of Ann Thorp, on the 25th of Nov.—I gave a ticket to the person.





GEORGE JOHN RESTIEAUX
. I am a policeman. On Saturday night, in consequence of information, I went to Monmouth-street—I saw the prisoner going into a public-house, and took her—I told her it was for robbing a woman in Steven-street—she said she should have the things back again on Monday morning—she said the plaid shawl and the boots were at her lodgings, No. 34, Monmouth-street, she had pawned the stays in Frith-street, Soho—I went there, and there was no pawnbroker's, but I found them in Greek-street—I went to her lodging, and found in a basket some black tea, a handkerchief, a plaid shawl, and a pair of boots.





HONORA CONNELL
. I am a widow, and live in George-street, St. Giles's. On Saturday I searched the prisoner at the station, and found 14s. 6d. in money, a flannel petticoat, and a duplicate for a pair of stays—I found the boots on her—she said the petticoat was hers—I asked her if she had any thing else belonging to the prosecutor—she said she had not.





ELIZA JANE PHILLIPS
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

