



90. 



ELIZABETH WHITE



, robbery on 



William Houston, and stealing 1 watch, 1 breast-pin, and 1 scarf, value 25l., 3 sovereigns, and 13 shillings; his property.


MR. EWART
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM HOUSTON
. I am a builder at 18, Praed-street, Paddington. On Sunday night, 29th Oct., I was going along Albany-street, and met the prisoner—I had seen her before—she said she knew me, and asked me to accompany her to her place, and I went with her to 8, Fitzroy-row, I think—I went in with her, and she desired two females who were in the room to go and get something to drink—they were gone about five minutes, and brought what I understood to be rum—she gave me a glass of it—I had had two or three small glasses of gin-and-water before, not more than that, but was not tipsy—I almost immediately became insensible—on recovering, about seven o'clock in the morning, I missed my watch, a scarf, a silk guard-chain and gold clasp to it, three sovereigns and thirteen shillings—I am quite sure I had them before I went into the house—I gave information to the police.

COURT. Q. Did the prisoner have any of the rum? A. I do not know—I did not see her—I do not know whether the other women had any—while I was drinking it theywent out of the room—I was sitting in a chair when I drank the rum, and I was sitting in the same place when I awoke in the morning—it appeared to me to be rum by the taste—I did not observe any bad taste as if anything was mixed with it.





GEORGE COOPER
 (policeman, S 276). On 5th Nov., in consequence of information, I went to apprehend the prisoner at 7, Fitzroy-row, I found her—I searched the room and found five duplicates, one of which refers to a scarf—at the police-court the next day she said she found it in the New-road.





ALFRED ROBERT WOOD
. I conduct my mother's business, a pawnbroker at 65, High-street, St. Giles's—on 31st Oct. I took this scarf (produced) in pledge in the name of Ann White, 5, Drury-lane, and gave a duplicate for it—this produced is it—it was a woman that pledged it—I do not know whether it was the prisoner or not.





WILLIAM HOUSTON

re-examined. This is my scarf, and the one I wore that night.

Prisoner. I have nothing to say.




GUILTY
of Stealing the Scarf from the Person.
 —



Transported for Ten Years.

