




913. 




JOSEPH GENTLEMAN
 and 




CHARLES CLARK



, feloniously assaulting 



Thomas Brill, putting him in fear, and stealing from his person, 1 purse, value 6d.; 1 half-sovereign, 1 shilling, and 1 sixpence, his property; and beating, striking, and using other personal violence to him: Gentleman having been before convicted.






THOMAS BRILL.
 I am a labourer. On Sunday morning, 20th Feb., as I was going home, through Strutton-ground, Westminster, Gentleman struck me in the face, and knocked me down; and Clark, who was with him, knelt on me directly, and put his hand over my mouth, while Gentleman took my money—Clark asked Gentleman if he had got it—he said, "Yes," and they ran away—my face was cut, and my pocket's torn out—I had a purse, with a half-sovereign, and I think 1s. 6d. in it—I lost that—I knew Clark before—I am quite sure they are the two men—it was light—it was about two o'clock—I am brought here in custody—there is a charge against me, for which I am confined in the House of Detention.


Gentleman. Q. Had I not been drinking with you the whole night? A. Yes, till very near two o'clock, at the British Queen—this happened about 200 yards off; then you followed me out; there was a young women with me: I did not say to you, "Joseph, if you want the b—y woman, take her"—she did not call me a name, nor did I strike you—I had left the women, and was going home when this occurred.

Clark. I was not there. Witness. You were when I was on the ground.





WILLIAM WARDLO W
 (policeman, B 87.) On Sunday, 20th Feb., a little before two o'clock, I met Brill in Strutton-ground, bleeding very much from the face, and his trowsers'-pockets were turned inside out—he complained of both the prisoners by name—I went with him to Duck-lane, and there met Getleman—I said, "Joe, I went you"—he said, "What for?"—I said, "For knocking this man down, and robbing him"—Brill then came up, and Gentleman said, "Oh, if I am lagged for this, I won't be lagged alone; you shall be lagged, and so shall Charlie"—I asked him who he meant by Charlie—he did not say—I knew both the prisoners well by sight before—Clark's name is Charlie—Brill gives the same story now that he did at first.

Gentleman. I never mentioned any one's name.





WILLIAM MILLERMAN
 (policeman, B 95.) On 20th Feb., between for and five o'clock in the afternoon, I apprehended Clark in Castle-lane, Westminister, and told him I wanted him for being concerned with Gentleman in robbing a man—he denied it—I asked him when he went home—he mit about two o'clock.

Clark's Defence. Gentleman and Brill went out of the public house together; i was not with Gentleman; I was still in the public-house when Brill came in and said he was robbed.





THOMAS BRILL

re-examined. I cannot say how long I had been in the female's company at the public-house—she came out with me—I had left her when the prisoners camp up to me, and she was about 150 yards off—she did not return to me.





ANDREW SWANTON CRIPPS
 (policeman, B 169.) I produce a certificate of Gentleman's former conviction—(read—Convicted March, 1842, and transported for seven years)—I was present—he is the person.

GENTLEMAN—


GUILTY. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.


CLARK



GUILTY.* Aged 19.—



Confined Eighteen Months.

