




949. 




WILLIAM JACKSON
 and 




JOHN RINGER
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
1st of Feb., 1 pair of trowsers, value 9s., the goods of 




John Hoskins, and that Ringer had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN HOSKINS
. I am a tailor, and live in Marylebone. On the 1st of Feb. I met Mr. Carter, who told me something—I went to my shop, and missed a pair of trowsers that I had hung on a bar, inside, half an hour before—I and Carter ran to the end of George-street, and saw the two prisoners passing Baker-street, about a quarter of a mile from my shop—we followed them pretty close—they turned down Adam-street, and about the middle of Adam-street they turned and saw us following them—Jackson turned round short, came back again, and ran into my arms—I stopped him—he said, what do you stop me for—Ringer ran away, and threw a bundle which he had over the area railings; it was picked up, and contained these

trowsers, which was the pair I had lost—Ringer was followed, and a gentleman stopped him at the corner of Manchester-square—I am quite sure that he is the person that threw away a bundle.

Ringer. Q. Did you see me chuck the trowsers over the railings? A. Yes—I was not round the next corner.





BENJAMIN CARTER
. I live in Crawford-street—about twenty minutes past ten on the 1st of Feb. I saw Ringer leaning up against the railings of my father's shop—Jackson came up and spoke to him—he then went back towards the prosecutor's—he almost immediately came back and gave Ringer something, and they ran off together—I informed the prosecutor—I am sure they are the men—I followed them to Adam-street, and saw Ringer throw the trowsers over the railings.

Jackson's Defence. I was returning from my sister's, I got to Adam-street; the prosecutor stopped me, and accused me of stealing trowsers, which had not; I was not near the shop; I never saw Ringer before.

Ringer's Defence. I was turning down Adam-street to Manchester-square, and two gentlemen stopped me, because somebody cried "Stop thief."





WILLIAM CUMMING
 (police-sergeant D 3.) I produce a certificate of Ringer's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

JACKSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—



Confined Four Months.


RINGER—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

