



1083. 



CHARLES FREEMAN
 was indicted

 for feloniously uttering a forged order for the payment of 55l. 10s. 2d., knowing it to be forged, with intent to defraud 



William Henry Smith and others.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






ALEXANDER AUSTIN
. I am a bookbinder, and live in King-street, Longacre—I have known the prisoner about two months—on Tuesday, the 12th of March, about four o'clock, I met him as I was coming from the city, close to Temple-bar—I went and had some porter with him—he said he was going to draw a little money, and asked if I would wait—I went to Child's banking-house with him, adjoining Temple-bar—he said he should be about five minutes—he went in—I waited for him twenty or twenty-five minutes, and finding he did not come out, it began to rain, and I went away—I saw him again about nine in the evening at the White Lion, Drury-lane—he asked if I would make one of a party on the following Thursday to dine at the White Lion—I consented, and saw him there with others on Thursday about four o'clock giving a dinner.





WILLIAM SHEPPARD
. I am clerk in the banking-house of Child and Co.—William Henry Smith is one of the partners—there are others—on the 12th of March, between four and five, this check for 55l. 10s. 2d. was presented to me, drawn by Mrs. M'Pherson, who has an account with us—I looked at the check, and had some doubts of it—I showed it to another party, but he thought it genuine, and desired me to pay it—I asked the prisoner where he brought it from, who and what he was—I forget who he said he brought it from, but he said the party kept the Bedford Arms, and he was the son of the party—I paid him three 10l. notes, Nos. 2706, 2707, and 2708, and two 5l. notes—I believe the prisoner to be the man.





FRANCIS REYNOLDS
. I live at No. 125, Strand, and am a hatter. On the 12th of March the prisoner came and ordered three hats, two to be sent to Dean-street, Soho, and one to the White Lion, Drury-lane—he paid me this 10l. note, No. 2706—I asked him to put his name on it—he wrote this name which I took for Pithers in my presence.





RICHARD WATSON
. I am apprentice to Mr. Keeble, of Dean-street, Soho, I know the prisoner, and asked him to lend me a few shillings about three weeks ago—he said he would—he went away for about ten minutes—he came to Dean-street again, and gave me this 10l. note, No. 2707—I went with this same note to Rippon's wine vaults, and got it changed.





WILLIAM RIPPON
. I live in Oxford-street, and am a publican. Watson brought me this note on the 16th of March—I changed it, and made the mark on it.

MR. KEEBLE. 1 live in Dean-street, Soho. I have known the prisoner

twenty years, and know the character of his handwriting—I have seen him write and corresponded with him—I believe this check to be his writing.

Prisoner, I never had the check, and was two miles off at the time.





ELIZA M'PHERSON
. I live in Cadogan-place, Chelsea. The prisoner was my livery-servant, under the name of Petter, for about ten months—I never knew him by any other name—he left about the 4th of May—while he was with me I was in the habit of drawing checks on Messrs. Child's—I once drew a check for his wages, to present himself—it was on a slip of paper like this—this check is not my handwriting, nor written by my authority or knowledge.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years
,
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
