



1368. 




GEORGE HOLMES
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Elizabeth Write, about the hour of nine in the night of the 
13th of April, at 
St. Luke, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 shawl, value 8s., the goods of 



Mary Ann Harden: 1 shawl, value 4s., the goods of 



Elizabeth Clements: 1 gown, value 1l. 10s.; 1 scarf, 10s.; and 4 yards of net, 2s.; the goods of Elizabeth Write.






ELIZABETH WRIDE
. I am a widow, and live at No. 11, New-street, Old-street, St. Luke's. About six o'clock on Tuesday evening, the 23rd of April, I placed my gown and scarf on the sofa in the front parlour—I missed them the next morning between eight and nine.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Is the house occupied by your-self? A. Yes—I have lodgers—the business is mine and Mary Ann Harden's—we share in the profits—I pay the rent myself—she has nothing to do with the house—these goods are my own.





MARY ANN HARDEN
, I lodge with Mrs. Write. On Tuesday night, the 23rd of April, I saw my shawl safe on the sofa in the front parlour—I missed it next morning about eight o'clock—I shut the parlour and street doors after nine the night before, and know they were safe—the street door was not locked, but shut—it could be opened from the outside by a key—the windows were fast, and the shutters put to.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you lock the parlour door? A. No; I shut it—it closes by a latch—I did not try it after closing it, but I am certain it was

shut—the lodgers have a key to the outer door—they were all out that night—I cannot say at what time they came in—they are very respectable people.





MARY THOMPSON
. I am the wife of Anthony Thompson. I went to Mrs. Write's house about half-past nine o'clock on the evening of the 23rd of April—the street door was then wide open.





JOHN JENKINS
 (police-constable G 53.) On the evening of the 23rd of April, between nine and ten o'clock, I met the prisoner in Norman's-buildings, St. Luke's, about 100 yards from the prosecutor's house, carrying a bundle—knowing him, I said, "Halloo, George, what have you there?"—he said, "Some things I am going to take to my mother"—knowing where his mother lived, I said, "You are coming in a direction from your mother's"—he said, "I am going down Whitecross-street first"—I said, "What does the bundle contain?"—he said, "A gown and some other things"—I said, "Where did you get them?"—he said, "Some man gave them to me to take to my mother"—I said, "Indeed I don't believe your story; I shall take you to the station"—I opened the bundle, and it contained these articles—I found on him a key, very much filed, which opens the prosecutor's door; I tried it myself—I said, "I think I shall find an owner for these things"—he said, "Very well, then I must suffer for it"—this is not exactly a skeleton key, but it will open eleven doors out of twelve.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY
of stealing only.** Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

