



2442. 




THOMAS HELLYER
 was indicted

 for unlawfully obtaining 1 sovereign from 



Mary Ann Sevenoaks, by false pretences.


MR. HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






JACOB HENRY BURN.
 I am a coal-merchant, and live in Great Newport-street. St. Martin's-lane—I knew the prisoner six or seven years ago, when I sold him a ton of coals—I met him in Fleet-street on the 8th or 9th of Sept. last, and asked him how he was then employed—I ultimately gave him leave to get me orders for coals—I told him he was not to collect any money on my account, I particularly told him I would collect it myself—on the 11th of Sept. he brought me an order for two tons of coals, to be delivered to Mr. Sevenoaks, Great Charlotte-street, Blackfriars-road—I have the note here—he told me they were to be paid for in the first week in Oct.—about a fortnight after I made inquiry of Mr. Sevenoaks, and found he had paid the prisoner—I afterwards met the prisoner in Farringdon-street, and told him he had been receiving money from Mr. Sevenoaks for me—he said he had not—I gave him an account of the different people from whom he had received money, and among them I mentioned Mr. Sevenoaks—he said he had not received the money—when given into custody he said, "Pray don't, because if you do I shall be transported."





MARY ANN SEVENOAKS.
 I received some coals from Hellyer—I never saw Mr. Burn, and never heard his name mentioned—I believe there was a bill or ticket delivered with the coals—it was very much like this one (produced), it was the same sort of thing—I paid the prisoner a sovereign for the coals, because I had ordered them of him—I did not know anybody else belonging

to the coals—about ten days after, Mr. Burn came—the prisoner lodged in our house, and he said, "There will be a bill come here in the course of the day, will you take it in?—I said, "It will come in your name, I suppose?"—he said, "No, it will come in your name, as concerning these coals, but I took your money, and made use of it; I have been disappointed in money, which I thought to make up before now; if you will favour me by saying no more about it, the money shall be left at Mr. Burn's house before the following Tuesday."

Prisoner. Q. Did not I say I owed you 2l.? A. Yes—he said before that he was an agent, selling these coals for Mr. Burn.

Prisoner's Defence. Mrs. Sevenoaks produced a bill of what I owed her; she paid me the sovereign without any false representation at all.




GUILTY. Aged 31.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoner, and he had been before convicted of embezzlement.)
