



2157. 




MARY MORRIS
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



William
Charles Richard Limposs, on the 
25th of Sept., putting him in fear, and stealing from his person, and against his will, 2 half-crowns, 3 shillings, and 1 sixpence, his monies.







WILLIAM CHARLES RICHARD LIMPOSS
. I am a tide-waiter in the Customs, and live in Adam-street, Rotherhithe. On Thursday, the 24th of Sept., a few minutes past eleven o'clock at night, I was at the door of No. 62, King-street, Borough, in the act of ringing my daughter's bell, when the prisoner came up to me, caught me by the coat, and gave me a violent push, in consequence of which I fell—I had 8s. 6d. in my pocket—there were two new half-crowns, three shillings, and one sixpence—she put her hand into my pocket—she ran away—as soon as I recovered I followed her—she was never out of my sight—the policeman stopped her about three or four doors from my daughter's—I missed the two half-crowns and the three shillings and sixpence from my pocket—I told the policeman to hold her, for she had robbed me—I am positive my money had been safe in my pocket about four or five minutes before—I saw some half-crowns before Mr. Traill next day—I could not swear to them.





MARY ANN RANDALL
. I am a searcher of females at the station in Black man-street, Borough. I had to search the prisoner in the cell one night last month—I do not remember what night it was—I think it was the 5th of Sept.—I think it was in the early part of the month—she took something from her bosom—I asked what it was—she said, "It is the money you are looking for,"(giving me two half-crowns,)" put it into your pocket, and say nothing about it, and I will never tell"—she repeated that several times, and said she was quite sure, if I told of it, it would transport her—I produce the money.

Prisoner. I solemnly swear I never said such a thing; I said it was what the gentleman gave me, and it was a hard thing to be locked up for nothing; she knows it is false, neither did she mention it to the inspector, or say a word of what she states now till she went before the Magistrate in the morning; the gentleman gave me the money, and he wanted it back again, after he had taken indecent liberties with me; I was with him from eleven o'clock; I met him against St. Thomas's-street, as the clock facing the hospital was striking eleven.
W. C. R. LIMPOSS
re-examined. I did not give her the money—I took no indecent liberty with her, nor even spoke to her—she came upon me at an unguarded moment.





JOHN SIMS
 (policeman.) I was on duty at the time the prisoner was searched—it was on the night of the 25th of Sept.—I saw the prosecutor in High-street, Borough—he was alone—I saw him turn down King-street—no one was with him then—the prisoner, in company with another female, was following close behind him—she left the other female, crossed over to the side he was walking on, and went up King-street—I saw the prosecutor standing at the door, as though waiting to be admitted—I did not see him ring the bell, I was not near enough—I saw the prisoner walk up close behind him—I saw him fall, and saw her in a stooping position over him—I was about 100 yards off—I saw her leave the prosecutor—he got up and called, "Stop her, she has robbed me"—I stopped her, took her to the station, and she was searched that night—the prosecutor went with me to the station—he said, in the prisoner's presence, that she had robbed him of two half-crowns—she said he was mistaken, it must be another person! she came up the other way—this was before she was searched,

when she was first accused—on the way to the station the prosecutor said they were two new half-crowns—the money found on her corresponded with his description.

Prisoner's Defence. When he came to take me we were both on the ground; the gentleman had me by the throat—he accused me of robbing him of 5s.; I said, "No, it is false;" the policeman asked what I had in my hand; I said that was nothing to him, what I had I should give up to his betters; I am quite innocent; the prosecutor told me to follow him; I asked him to treat me to something to drink; he said he could not, for he was too near his home, and did not wish to be seen.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

