



2183. 




JOHN SULLIVAN, alias
 Michael Connell

, was indicted

 for uttering a counterfeit sixpence to 



Ann Moore, having been previously convicted of a like offence.


MESSRS. CHAMBERS
and
ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of John Sullivan, with another, in this Court, in Dec. 1842—I have examined it with the original in this office—it is a true copy—(read.)





JOHN EATON
. I am a plumber and glazier—I was present in Dec. 1842, when the prisoner was tried for uttering counterfeit coin.





EDWARD HILLIER
. My brother-in-law keeps the Monument public-house, Union-street, St. Saviour's. On the 29th of June, about ten o'clock in the evening, I was attending there at the bar—the prisoner called for a pint of beer, which came to 2d.—he handed me a 6d.—I gave him the change and put the 6d. into the till—there was no other 6d. there—he drank the beer and went away—he came again within ten minutes with a female, called for a glass of gin, to the best of my recollection, and paid 6d. for it—I gave him change, and put that 6d. into the till—after the gin was drunk he and the woman went away—soon after Ann Moore went to the till in my presence—no other 6d. had been put in there—she discovered that the sixpences were bad—we looked at them and then threw them to the back of the till by themselves—some time after I saw her take these two sixpences from the till—I marked, and delivered them to the policeman.

Prisoner. Q. Did not Mrs. Moore take one? A. I took two, but there were three—I did not say at the office that I never found these out till I was giving change for a sovereign—we had not change for a sovereign in the till.





ANN MOORE
. I am house-keeper to Daniel Aymer, who keeps the Monument public-house. On Saturday the 19th of June I went to the till—I found two bad sixpences—there were no other sixpences there—in a few minutes afterwards I saw the prisoner again, and a female with him they asked for a pint of porter first, and tendered 2d. in payment—after that they had half a quartern of gin—it came to 2d.—the prisoner gave me a bad 6d.—I detained it—I did not give him the change—I put it at the back of the

till, separate from the other two—the prisoner was shortly afterwards apprehended—the sixpences were given to the policeman.

Prisoner. Q. You said before you gave me the third back? A. No—I did not give any sixpence back.





JOHN BIDGOOD
. I keep the George, in Great Suffolk-street, not quite half a mile from Mr. Aymer's. On the night of the 29th of June I saw the prisoner at my house—he was alone—he called for a glass of ale—I served him—it came to 1d.—he gave me a sixpence—I took it and bent it on the counter, took a knife, cut it in two, and threw it out of doors—I followed him to the door, and saw two women waiting for him, one of whom I recognised as having tendered me a bad piece on the Thursday morning—I gave him into custody—I did not preserve the pieces I had broken—I am sure it was bad—I could not have bent a good one.





JOSEPH TAYLOR
 (police-constable M 156.) On Saturday night, the 29th of Jane, I received the prisoner into custody from Mr. Bidgood—I searched him, and found 11d. in copper on him.

Prisoner. It was 1s. in copper.





RICHARD WHEATLEY
 (police-constable M 161.) I received three sixpences from Ann Moore, which I produce, and the other two from Hillier.





GEORGE HALLETT
. I am turnkey at the county gaol, Newington. On Tuesday, the 2nd of July, the prisoner was passed into my custody—I searched him, and found three counterfeit sixpences in his right-hand trowsers pocket—he made a grab at them, and said, "Give me that, "or words to that effect—I secured them—he said, "Now you can't hang me."

Prisoner. When I came into the prison I was searched in the presence of the governor, and nothing was found on me; when I was searched in the clerk's presence by him and the turnkey, my pockets were turned inside out, and I had nothing; I went into the yard, and got my dinner; this man called me, and said, "I want you;" he came and put his hand so, and said, "I have got you now."





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Mint. This sixpence, uttered to Ann Moore, is counterfeit—the other two, uttered to Hillier, are also counterfeit; also the three found by Hallett.




GUILTY
. Aged 51.—


Transported for Ten Years.

