



452. 




JOHN MITCHELL



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Henry Millns, and stealing 1 gown, and 1 shawl, value 6l. 4s.; his goods; having been before convicted.






JOHN HENRY MILLNS
. I live at 76, Cornhill, in the house of Mrs. Louisa Heppel—she does not reside in it—my wife carries on the business for her, and I reside in the house—the servants are under my control—I sleep in the third-floor front room—on the 4th Jan., I had occasion to go up to that room; it was kept locked—I took the key up in my hand—when I got to the door I found it standing ajar, and the prisoner standing in the room in front of the chest of drawers—the bottom drawer was kept locked—I found it had been forced open, the bolts of the lock still projected—I found a gown and a shawl on the floor—they had before been in the drawer—I laid bold of the prisoner, and called for the police—he got from me, but he was stopped on the first-floor—he got away again, and he fell at the bottom of the stairs, and was taken by the policeman—I went up-stairs again, and found these two instruments where the prisoner had been standing—I examined the drawer, it had been opened by such an instrument as this—the gown and shawl were my wife's.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see your wife put these things away? A. I know they were put away—it is just possible I might put them into the drawer myself—I was the last that left the room that morning—I had had the key in my possession—I left the room about ten minutes to nine o'clock—I put the key on the mantel-piece in the ice-room—I was in that room, and in the shop which communicates with it, till half-past twelve, when I went up-stairs and found you there—my wife had not been up-stairs, and had not had the key—no one had it till I went up, and took the key in my hand—when I left the room in the morning there was nothing on the floor.





MICHAEL HIGGINS
 (City-policeman, 661). I was called to 76, Cornhill, and took the prisoner into custody—I received this jemmy and skeleton key from Mr. Millns—this key is for opening the room door, and the jemmy for prizing the drawer.

Prisoner's Defence. I happened to go there to know if they wanted anything, and there was a row on the staircase, and they shoved me down stairs.





CHARLES CHAMBERS
 (City-policeman, 523). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court, by the name of Abraham Davis—(read—Convicted Feb. 1839, confined two years)—he is the person—he was also tried in 1841, and sentenced to be transported for ten years.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Ten Years.

