




1048. 




HENRY SANDLAND
 and 




JAMES SPARK
 were indicted for

 breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Lambe, on the 
4th of March, at 
St. Martin-in-the-Fields, and stealing therein, 2 bottles, value 4l., his goods.







HENRY LAMBE
. I live in Cockspur-street, in the parish of St. Martin-in-the-Fields, and am assistant to my father, John Lambe, who is a dressing-case maker. On the evening of the 4th of March we lost two silver bottles from the window—there was a pane of glass cracked near where they stood—I missed them about five minutes to eight o'clock—I had seen them safe half an hour before.





CHARLES JACKSON
 (police-constable A 126.) On the 4th of March, in consequence of information, I watched Mr. Lambe's shop, from a little after seven till eight o'clock, when I saw the prisoners come, and patrol in front of the house—they examined the window, and at last Sandland went up, with a bag in his hand, pushed in the glass with his hand, and took these two bottles—as he returned from the window, I immediately secured him—he resisted very much, and Spark immediately went down Spring-gardens—I had seen them together for a quarter of an hour—they were talking together—Sandland threw the bottles down while I struggled with him—Bye picked one up, and gave it to me.

Spark. Q. How can you swear to me? A. I passed him three times that night, and took particular notice of him—I did not apprehend him till the 10th.

Spark. He came into the kitchen where I was, two nights before, and never offered to take me. Witness. I took him at eleven o'clock in the morning, in the second-floor room—I went there from information—I had not been there before—I found some coining implements at Spark's premises.





JAMES BYE
. I am a letter-carrier of the General Post-office, and live in Stanhope-street. On the 4th of March, about eight o'clock, I was near Trafalgar-square, which Cock spur-street runs into, and saw Sandland running across the road from Cockspur-street—Jackson stopped him—he immediately threw away the bottles and a bag—I took up the bag, and one bottle, and gave them to Jackson.

Sandland. Q. How many did I throw away? A. I did not see you throw the other away.

MR. LAMBE. These bottles are my father's.

Sandland's Defence. I had been walking about a long time in search of work—a man came up to me in the Park, and said he knew where to get some bottles, and asked me to go and assist him—we went to the shop—he tried to push the window in with his hand, and afterwards went up with a handkerchief round his hand—I was stopping at a distance—he came and pot one bottle into my hand, which is all I had; I certainly threw it away—I know nothing of the other prisoner—he was not in my company.





CHARLES JACKSON

re-examined. There were three altogether—I am certain Spark was one of them—I took up Sandland's left-hand before the Magistrate, and he had got a cut where it fell against the glass, as the bag had slipped—the intent of the bag is to catch the glass from falling and making a noise—he had both the bottles when I took hold of him—one bounced down an area of the Union Club House, and I got it the next morning.

SANDLAND*—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

SPARK"—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.




Transported for ten years.
