




1768. 




HENRY TAYLOR
 and 




JOHN BODGER
 were indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Samuel Brown, on the 
6th of June, at Edmonton, and stealing therein, 1 gun, value 1l. 10s., his property; and that Bodger had been before convicted of felony.







SAMUEL BROWN
. I am owner of Dyson's cottage, in the parish of Edmonton. John Jackson, my servant, lives in it and sleeps there—I was at the cottage at ten o'clock on Tuesday, the 6th of June—I locked it up at one, and went home to dinner—I returned at five o'clock, and on the way I met my boy, who told me something—I went to the police-station, and there saw a Tottenham constable, who had taken a man with a gun—I went with him to the cottage, missed a gun, and went with him to the Tottenham station, and found the gun, which I had seen safe at one o'clock—I found the front window of the cottage broken all to atoms—a man could get in—there was some eggs and a waistcoat also taken, which were not found—I am certain the gun produced is mine.





WILLIAM HUSSEY
. I am in the employ of Mr. Brown. I was going to milk the cows about five o'clock—after I had done I found the cottage broken open—I came home, met Mr. Brown, and told him—I know the prisoners—Taylor lived on the green near the cottage.





JOHN STANLEY
. I know the two prisoners—I saw them on the 6th of Jane about two hundred yards from Brown's cottage, between four and five o'clock.





WILLIAM RIERDON
. I am a policeman. I met the prisoners together on Tuesday evening, the 6th of June, at five o'clock, in company together—Taylor had the gun under his arm—I met them about two miles from Mr. Brown's house—as soon as I came up I took Taylor—Bodger ran away—I am sure he is the man.





ROBERT STEVENS
. I am a policeman. I took Bodger into custody on suspicion of breaking into Brown's cottage—he said he knew nothing about it, he was not near the place, for he was at the Owl beer-shop from eleven o'clock in the day till four in the afternoon, then went to the Three Tuns, at Edmonton, remained there till eleven, and then went to bed.

Taylor's Defence. A man called me, and said he had got a gun; if I liked to run to Tottenham, and pawn it, he would give me 6d. to put it in the name of Whitbread; the policeman stopped me; I said I was going to pawn it for a man.





GEORGE DAVIS
. I produce a certificate of Bodger's former conviction—(read)—he is the man.

TAYLOR—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

BODGER—


GUILTY
. * Aged 19.





Transported or Ten Years.

