






65. 




WILLIAM JOHNSON
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
26th of Nov., 19 pairs of cuffs, value 22s., the goods of 



John Wright; and 





WILLIAM STYLES, alias
 Smith,






ALFRED HERRING, and 



ROSINA HOMER, 

for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.; to which JOHNSON pleaded




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.






CATHERINE HAWKES
. I am a cuff-maker, in the employ of John Wright, St. Thomas-place, Well-street, Hackney. I delivered a box of cuffs in a parcel, to the conductor of Mr. Hawkins's buss, at a quarter past five o'clock, on Saturday evening last—these are them—four pairs are my own making.





WILLIAM CASTLEMAN
. I live in John-street, Horaerton. I am conductor of Hawkins's buss. Hawkes gave me a brown-paper parcel for Mr. Wright, to take to the booking-office in Threadneedle-street—I put the parcel inside, on the seat—Mr. Windsor was the only passenger—I got down at Cambridge-heath, to try to get a passenger, and while doing so the buss went on, and left me behind—I got up behind another buss, and saw Johnson up behind my buss, and saw him take the parcel out—I could not overtake him—I did not see where he got up.





JOHN WINDSOR
. I was the only passenger in this omnibus—the conductor put a parcel in in Well-street—when he got down for a passenger the omnibus went on, leaving him behind—Johnson got up behind—I said, "Are you going to conduct the omnibus to town?—he said, "I am"—I told him to put me down at Houndsditch, which he did, and asked me for the money, but I told him I had paid Mr. Hawkins—I told him there was a parcel put in by the conductor, which must be looked to, and be delivered—he took it up as if going to read it, put it down, and said he would see that all was right—he then got up behind the omnibus again, and went on.





JANE JOHNSON
. I was called to search Homer at the station last Saturday evening—she said, "I will show you what I have got"—she took from under her shawl two rows of beads and these ribbons, which correspond with the cuffs from which ribbons are missing.





JOHN WRIGHT
. This parcel was ordered to be sent by Mr. Hawkins's buss, and I was to call for it at the office in Threadnecdle-street—I found the box there, but the contents were gone—these are my cuffs, and were made in my house—some of the ribbons have been taken out of them, and these ribbons produced by the witness mutch them, and came out of them.





GEORGE KEMP
 (police-constable N 82.) About five o'clock, last Saturday

night, I and Ball were in company in the Hackney-road, and saw the three male prisoners in company—knowing them, we followed them to Hackney, and by the Flying Horse Homer joined them—they went along in company past the Dolphin, then returned, and we missed them—we overtook them again going towards town—we followed them to Cambridge-heath, and saw them all four in company—all at once we missed Johnson—we followed the other three into the Hackney-road—Styles and Herring there ran away—we followed Homer, and by Goldsmith's-row Styles and Herring joined her again—we followed them to Shoreditch church, where they joined Johnson—they all went down Austin-street, at the back of the church, and stood together some minutes—I saw them share this property between them, Homer having it in her lap—I took her and Herring into custody—Homer dropped fifteen pairs of cuffs out of her lap, and Herring chucked two pairs out of his pocket—Balls took the other two—he also chucked away property, which was picked up—one pair of the cuffs Herring threw away had no ribbons in them, and some of the ribbons found on Homer correspond with that pair.

Homer. The fifteen pairs of cuffs were put into my apron before I had time to say more than I would not have them, when the policeman came, and nearly choked me, broke my beads off my neck, and said he would break my arm; I had not been in company with them an hour; I had come straight down the Hackney-road. Witness. I had followed them together full an hour to different places, and saw them attempt to commit several felonies—the Flying Horse, where she joined them, is two miles from where I took her.





WILLIAM EDWARD BALL
 (police-constable N 865.) I was in company with Kemp, and saw the three male prisoners in company in Hackney-road—Homer joined them at the Flying Horse—we followed them to the Dolphin, near Well-street, and there missed them—we ran down the road, and overtook them hear the Triangle, followed them to-Cambridge-heath, and all at once missed Johnson—we followed the other three into Hackney-road, where they stood for a moment together, and Styles and Herring ran off—we then followed Homer, and saw her join the other two again, and at Shoreditch Church they met Johnson—they turned down Austin-street, and I there saw them sharing a quantity of these articles—I immediately laid hold of Johnson and Styles—Styles threw two pairs of cuffs behind him, which a gentleman picked up, and gave me, and I took a pair out of Johnson's hand.

Styles. When he took me to the station be said none was found on me, and Kemp said, "Hold your tongue, I will make it all right for them;" a gentleman came in, and said, "Here is a pair outside," and Kemp said, "Oh, I dare say that is the pair this one threw away." Witness. It is false—I saw him throw them behind him—Johnson said he would go quietly, but he resisted, and laid hold of me by the throat, and tore the velvet of a Macintosh cape, which I had borrowed of Kemp, to disguise myself, after seeing Styles's attempt to pick a pocket in Hackney-road.

Styles's Defence. We were all in company the fore-part of the day; we went up towards the Flying Horse, and met Homer, who keeps company with Johnson; we walked towards Cambridge-heath gate; Johnson got up on the buss, and we never saw any more of him till we got to Shoreditch Church, when he came up, and said, "Good night;" I said, "What have you got?" he said, "I have got something;" I asked where he got it from; he said he found it in Bishopsgate-street; I said, "You could not find such a thing as that, it is not dirty;" he took us down Austin-street, and gave them all into Homer's apron; we were looking at them when the policeman came and took us.


Homer's Defence. I knew Johnson by his being a shoemaker, and I have done binding for him.

STYLES*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—HOMER—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—





Transported for Seven Years.
—HERRING—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—



Confined Six Months.

(The officer stated that they believed Herring to have been seduced by the other prisoners.)
