



571. 



EDWARD ABBOTT
 was indicted

 for stealing, at 

St. Giles's-in-thefields, 1 cruet, value 1s.; 1 salt-celler, 6d.; and 1 pepper-castor, 6d.; the goods of 



Henry William Tancred, and others, and 1 watch, value 7l.; 1 tureen, 22l.; 6 spoons, 22s.; 1 ladle, 2s. 6d.; 1 pair of boots, 12s. 6d.; 12 lbs. sugar, 7s.; 1 1/2 lbs. mustard, 1s.; 2 coats, 1l.; 3/4 yard of cloth, 5s.; 2 bottles of wine, 12s.; 72 pence; 106 halfpence; and 6 farthings, of 



Joseph Sparks the younger, in the dwelling-house of said Henry William Tancred and others—2ND COUNT in the dwelling-house of 



Michael Doyle.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






MICHAEL DOYLE
. I am steward of Lincoln's-inn, and live in the New Hall with my family—no one else lives there. The prisoner was employed to attend as stoker to the furnaces for heating the hall—he did not sleep on the premises—there are rooms appropriated to me in the building—it is my dwelling-house—I live there, and have offices as well—I do not pay rates or taxes—the Society pay them—Mr. Henry William Tancred is one of the Benchers of the Inn, which is in the parish of St. Giles'-in-the-Fields—I am the sole occupier of the house—the occupation is part of my appointment—I cannot say that if I lived elsewhere my salary would be larger—I have coals, candles, and everything found me—Mr. Tancred was treasurer last year—he is the head of the Society—the prisoner had a key to let himself in to his work, and out at night, he being the last person in at night, it was his duty to put the gas out—that key opened two of the doors, the south entrance, which is the kitchen entrance, and the bencher's private door—the kitchen entrance would be the proper way for him to come in—he would have no right to come in the bencher's way—my office is similar to the under steward's of the Inner Temple—I have a passage to the bencher's apartments, and an outer door of my own besides—I am rated as the occupier—there are trustees—the Vice-Chancellor of England is one of them, and is also a member—there are several other benchers—they are trustees of the property—there are different trustees for the funded property—on the morning of the 31st of Dec., about half-past ten, from an intimation I received, I went into the still-room, which is used by the servants for washing and cleaning—it is underneath the benchers' apartments—I saw the prisoner there with a lock in his hand—he showed it me, and said, "See here, Sir, here has somebody been attempting to

break in, "and he pointed to a small piece of a key which had been broken in the ward of the lock—Mr. Wheatley was present—I said to both of them, "Have you been lending your keys?"—they both answered, "No"—"I said, "Show me your keys," and they both produced their keys—I told the prisoner to take care of the lock and piece of the key—I sent for the police shortly afterwards—the prisoner pointed to the door where the lock had come from—it was the lock of the door of the benchers' room, but he showed it me in the still-room—he had no business in the benchers' room at that time—I went into the third butler's room, and found somebody had attempted to force the leaden casement, inwards—it appeared to have been forced from the outside—I went round and examined the building till I came to Mr. Sparkes's room—I found that had been broken open—on entering it, I found all the cupboards open—I went back to my office, got the key, went in with one of the clerks, and found papers and everything strewed about the room—mine is a private residence attached to the official residence—I have an office as well—I have the residence as steward of the Society—I have the dominion of the whole of that interior, for my own family.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLER. Q. How long had the prisoner been in the employ of the Society? A. Two or three years—he was sent there by Mr. Perkins, the engineer, who is employed by the Society, to be at the Hall, and was in the habit of coming daily—his proper way to come was by the kitchen entrance—the workmen employed on the premises have not used the bencher's entrance since Oct.—they had been in the habit of using the bencher's entrance up to the time in question, for going out, but not for coming in—it was not part of his duty to clean the locks—we have a proper locksmith—the first person who gave me information about this lock was Mr. Wheatley, the laundress—a person named Hurst was in the still-room—I do not know that he was present when the prisoner took the lock off, or whether he is here—I did not give the prisoner money to buy some tools, for the purpose of attending to the locks—I bought some tools for the furnace—they were not of a description to apply to locks that I know of—they were not bought for locks, and the money was not given for that purpose—the prisoner was not engaged at workint at locks—he said Mr. Perkins took his tool away, and he had money given him to get tools that would be useful to him in his business connected with furnace—I gave him no directions what to buy—I gave him money—I did not see the tools he purchased, till after he was in custody—I cannot say that he had not openly interfered with this lock before—the cook's room is in the south part of the building, looking towards the square—I found the key in its place in the morning—there is more than one door opening into that place—the key I have fits the outside door—that door leads into two more rooms, and then into Mr. Sparke's—there were a carpenter and his labourer employed on the premises at this period—I do not know how many other—I believe one or two—I should not say that any person could have got access to that key if they required it—my part of the house was opened of a morning, when the laundress was there—I was not in the habit of locking my door, the house door I was—it is not connected with Mr. Sparkes's room—it is on the other side of the building—I had no fault to find with the prisoner up to this charge—I had every confidence in him.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. At what hour should he come of a morning? A. About six or seven o'clock—none of the servants are authorized to go in at the benchers' door—the lock I speak of is the lock of the benchers' door—they are permitted to go out there at all time, and they may come in there in the day-time but not at night—the prisoner's engagement confined him entirely

to the furnaces, and the heating them—I never furnished him with any money, or gave him any instructions to meddle with any of the locks of the building.





JOSEPH SPARKES, JUN
. I am cook to the Society of Lincoln's Inn—I have three rooms in the New Hall—I am there every day during Term, and occasionally out of Term—on Tuesday morning, the 29th pf Dec., I left my rooms, and left everything safe—there was a gold watch on a sideboard in the middle room—there are two cupboards in that room—a silver tureen, a pair of boots, and about 2l. and upwards in copper was in one of them, and a box of cigars in the other—it is part of Mr. Doyle's dwelling-house—it is connected with it, and is under one continuous roof—I say there was 2l., but I believe there was more than 3l.—some of it had been lying by many years in the kitchen, which had made the money mouldy—I missed some tablespoons—I do not know the exact number—I have found five, which I identify, and one tea-spoon, and the bowl of a small ladle—two great coats, and a small piece of black cloth were missing—when I went to my rooms on the 31st of Dec., I found the cupboards all wide open, and the room in great disorder—I went into the third room, and saw the window had been broken, and an iron bar wrenched out—there was a bureau in that room, and various stores—the bureau was wide open, and the drawers underneath also, and many things scattered about—the cupboards in that room were wide open, and I missed from them some silver spoons, part of which I have since found.





JAMES LEWIS ASHMAN
 (policeman.) I was called in—I ultimately found the tureen and silver spoons concealed in a flue over two furnaces—I watched the prisoner, and found that he went to No. 38, Whetstone-park—another constable searched there—I did not.





MR. WILLIAM WADHAM COPE
. The prisoner was sent to Newgate on the 28th of Jan.—he sent one of my officers into the house that day, to say he should be glad to see me—I had him into my office—he told me that he had a communication to make to me respecting the robbery which had been committed—I told him it must be of his own free will and consent that he gave any statement to me, because I must immediately inform the prosecutors—he said he was very desirous of doing it, that he had been several times to see them but could not, but he was determined to let them know the whole particulars—he told me part of the property had not been found, a watch and two coats—he told me where he had secreted the watch in the building, and also where he had put the coats—I immediately went up to Lincoln's Innhall, and saw Mr. Sparkes—we went to the place which the prisoner had described, and the property was found precisely where he had described it to be—he afterwards made a very long statement, which I have written down—it relates entirely to this case—this is a copy of it in my handwriting—he knew I was taking it down for the purpose—the first is the statement he made to me on the Friday, which I have already given—the next statement he made after I found the watch. (These statement were not read.)

Cross-examined. Q. Did you, in consequence of what the prisoner told you, find the watch? A. I did—it is here—I found it between two pieces of board that were screwed together—the two pieces of board were got up to make room for the watch—it was hid in the premises.

MR. MELLER
to
MICHAEL DOYLE. Q. Was there any other person that had anything to do with the flue besides the prisoner? A. No.

MR. SPARKES (looking at several of the articles produced.) This watch and tureen are mine—these two spoons belong to the benchers, the others are mine—the plate is my own, I formerly furnished it for the use of the benchers.

MR. DOYLE
re-examined. Q. Are there any person whatever interested in the Lincoln's Inn as owners, except the members of the Inn? A. Not in

the Hall—the benchers are considered to be the head of the Society, and the treasurer for the time being the head of the bench—Mr. Tancred is a benober, and likewise a member of the Inn of Court—the benchers exercise authority over the whole of the building—they reserve it for their own purposes, having servants under them, in the occupations of portions of the building, and they pay the rates—the collector is here to prove that they are in the occupation of the premises, by themselves and their servants.




GUILTY
. 


Transported for Seven Years.

(William James, superintendent of police at Leeds, deposed to a previous conviction of the prisoner at Leeds, in 1836, for which he was sentenced to six month imprisonment; he further stated, that he had know him for many years since then, bearing the reputation of an honest man; Samuel Loveday, schoolmaster, a clerk in Clerkenwell workhouse; William Edwards, corn, coal, and potato dealer, Lion-street, New Kent-road;—Richardson, tailor, 39, King-street, St. Luke's;—Botinie, foreman to Mr. Perkins, the prisoner's employer, deposed to his good character.)
