






586. 




JAMES HARBER,



 THOMAS HARBER
, and 




HENRY JONES
, were indicted for

 stealing, at 

St. George's, Bloomsbury, 2 watches, value 5l.; 1 neck-chain, 1l.; 4 ring, 1l.; 1 basket, 10d.; and 1 gold medal, 5s.; the good of 



Pierre Louis Prosper Levasseur: and 1 watch, value 2l., the goods of 



Louis Antonie Levasseur, in his dwelling-house; and 





MARY GODDARD



 for feloniously receiving three watches, 1 neck-chain, and 1 ring, part of the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen, &c.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution,

SEBASTIAN ALFRED LEVASSEUR. My father's name is Louis Antoine Levasseur—he keeps a house No. 14, Russell-place, Little Coram-street. On Sunday, the 10th of Jan., we went out—four of us—we left the house empty, and locked—we went out about half-past five o'clock—we returned about half-past twelve—when we returned my grandfather went into his room, which is the first floor front room—when he got in he gave an alarm—I went up, and found that the articles named in the indictment were stolen—I missed two watches, a gold chain, four rings, two gold coins, a purse, some francs, and half-francs, a pair of shoes, a necklace, and a small straw box—they had been in the cupboard, which was not locked—the shoes had been in the room—from appearances on the floor, some persons had been in that room—all the clothes were pulled out of the cupboard and put on the top of the cupboard—there were foot-marks on the bed—one watch belonged to my father Louis Antoine Levasseur—the other things to my grandfather Pierre Louis Prosper Levasseur—the house belongs to my father, Louis Antoine Levasseur.





FRANCIS MORRIS
 (police-sergeant E 8.) I received information of this robbery—I took all the prisoners—I first took James Harber—I told him I took him for being concerned in a robbery at No. 14, Russell-place, Little Coram-street, in the parish of St. George, Bloomsbury—I know the parish, and I told him—he said he was not inside, he said he waited outside, and Armee went in—that is a nick-name for Henry Jones—he said, "Armee got in, and then my brother came out of the passage and gave me these," which I found on him on searching him, a small gold medal and two silver ones—he said, "I did not see anything more that they had, except a bead purse in my brother's hand"—that was all he said at that time—I next apprehended Thomas Harber in Westminster—I told him what I took him for, and mentioned the articles to him—he said he knew nothing about it, he did not seal anything—he was dressing himself, and putting on his shoes—they were a new pair—I said I thought they were the pair that was stolen—he said, "No, they are not, you will find them on Armee's feet, I think"—Thomas Harber was taken to the police-court, and when he was in the passage of the Court, I said to him, "I thought I should have had Armee before this time?"—he said, "Oh, he is easy enough to be caught!"—I said, "I have not been able to meet with him yet"—he said, "Oh, he is easy enough to be taken, and the things found too; theywere put away by Armee's sister, and pawned in the neighbourhood of the New-cut—I saw the duplicates in her hand, one for 5s., and one for 1l. or 1s. "—Armee's sister is the prisoner Goddard—I apprehended her at her own

residence in Belle Isle, Maiden-lane—I told her she was suspected of being concerned in the robbery in Russell-place, and I partly mentioned the articles—a gold watch, and chain, and rings—she said she knew nothing about the robbery, no watch had had been brought to her by her brother, or any one else; she had seen no property that had been stolen, and she invited me to search her room—I told her she would be searched at the station, and if she had any property about her that she thought proper to give up to me, she could do so—she said she had no property except a duplicate, and she gave me two duplicates—she said, "They were given to me by my brother thise afternoon"—one of them relates to the boots that were stolen—I took her to the station—I afterwards received from the searcher this silver watch—I afterwards saw the prisoner Jones at the station—I told him I was the constable who had the other prisoners in charge for being concerned in the robbery, (mentioning the place, and the articles stolen)—he said, "I am guilty, it is a bad job"—I said, "Yes, and it is a bad job the man should lose his things"—he said, "Oh. They will be found, they were put away by my sister; they were pawned by my sister"—I said, "Which sister?"—he pointed to the cell where Goddard was, and said, "The one that is here"—(I believe Goddard is married)—he said, "One watch was pawned in Westminster-bridge-road, another in the New-cut, and the ring and chain in the Strand; the necklace I pawned myself, in Barbican, for 2s. "—I have found all but the necklace—I found this gold watch in the Westminster on Jones—I product two half-franc pieces, which I got from a publicn, named Lee, in Little Coram-street.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When was it you went to Goddard and took her? A. On Saturday night, the 16th, a week after the robbery—I found her at home, and her husband was there—she desired me to search her room, and I found nothing—I then told her she might, if she liked, giv e up anything she had, because she invited me to search her.





SUSANNAH BURTON
. I am searcher at the station-house. I found thise silver watch on Goddard—I have it to the officer.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What did Goddard say? A. She begged of me not to let it be know, for the sake of the poor boy.





HENRY MARTIN FAYRBROTHER
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce a pair of shoes, pawned on the 13th of Jan., in the name of John Williams—I believe Thomas Harber pawned them—this is the duplicate of them, which Goddard gave to Sergeant Morris.





HENRY SPEARING
. I am in the service of Mr. Warton, a pawnbroker, at Lambeth. I produce a gold watch, pawned on the 11th of Jan., I believe by Goddard.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You only believe so? A. Yes, it is in the name of Ann Green.





GEORGE SKINNER
. I am in the service of Mr. Bayfield. A pawnbroker, in the New-cut. I produce a silver watch, pawned in the name of Ann Gladfield for 5s., I believe by Goddard.





FRANCIS JAMES HARRISON
. I am in the service of a pawnbroker in the Strand. I produce a gold chain and a ring, pawned on the 11th of Jan., in the name of Ann Benfield—I have reason to believe it was by Goddard—I cannot swear it.





CHARLES TAYLOR
 I keep a shop, and sell sweet things, in Russell-place, Coram-street. On Sunday evening, the 10th of Jan., Thomas Harber and Jones came to my shop—they laid out about 3d. or 4d.—I saw James Harber and outside the shop—Thomas Harber and Jones staid in the shop about half an hour—they said had spent all the money they must be going—they went

out about half-past six o'clock, and about a quarter-past seven James Harber came in to buy some jumbles—he threw down a half-franc—I told him I could not take it—he went out and spoke to the others, and they said they would go to Mr. Morens's and sell them—I saw James Harber about an hour afterwards—he said he had sold two of them to Mr. Morens for 9d.





SEBASTIAN ALFRED LEVASSEUR

re-examined. I know all this property—it was all there on Sunday night, and all missed—these shoes are my grandfather's—this watch is his.
(Goddard received a good character.)

JAMES HARBER—


GUILTY
. Aged 13.—



Confined Two Months.


THOMAS HARBER—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—



Confined One Year



JONES(†)—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.


GODDARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—



Confined One Year.

