



1363. 




JOSEPH JOSIAH CRAIG
 was indicted

for a robbery on 



John Bellamy, putting him in fear, and stealing from his person 1 watch, value 5l.; 1 watch-chain, 2l.; 1 seal, 12s.; and 1 watch-key, 8s.; his property.







JOHN BELLAMY
. I live at Austin-street, Blackheath. On the 24th of May, about ten o'clock in the evening, or soon after, I was at New Cross—the prisoner came up to me and asked me whether I was going to Greenwich—I said, "Yes"—he said he was going there—on the way he said he ought to be in barracks by ten o'clock, but as he was over time and had a relation in Greenwich, he should sleep there—when we got to New-cross I was turning down into Deptford—he pulled me out of the path, and said, "That is not your road to Greenwich"—he pressed me against a wall and took my watch, which was in my left-hand waistcoat pocket—he tore the pocket out altogether, took the watch, and ran away down a turning—I kept him in sight till we came to the bottom of the lane, where there is an elbow, and there I lost sight of him—I have seen the watch since—this is it (produced)—I did not go into any public-house with him.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did you meet him at any public-house that night? A. No—I know the New-cross inn—I did not go in there—I had been to a public-house at Camberwell that night—I had been to see my daughter—I cannot say how long I was there—I did not go into any other house to my knowledge—I did not go to find some convenient place to ease myself, nor ask him to hold my watch for me—I was not tipsy at all—I did not want to go into a public-house with him on the road—I did not ask him where he was doing duty—I am sure I did not go into any house with him.

COURT. Q. How far did you walk with him? A. About sixty yards before we came to the Cross-house—directly we got by, there is a saddler's shop at the corner, he pulled me by the corner, and said, "That is not your way to Greenwich," and pinned me up against the wall, with his knee against my belly—I know my way to Greenwich very well—I did not see Wood till I got into High-street, Deptford, perhaps half a mile from the spot—I called out for the police, but the prisoner was pressing his knee into my belly, I could not call out loud—I was three or four yards from the main road when he took my watch—I carried it in my waistcoat pocket—it had a chain to it.





JOHN WOOD
. I am a private in the Royal Marines. On the 24th of May, about half-past eleven at night, I was in High-street, Deptford—in consequence of what the prosecutor said, I spoke to a policeman, and went with him to the Prince Regent public-house, and saw him take the prisoner—when he came out three or four yards, he put his right hand into his pocket, pulled out a watch, and threw it behind him—I took it up and gave it the policeman—this is it.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the policeman present when he threw it away? A. Yes—he was charged with robbery before he threw the watch away—I was on duty at Deptford at that time—I have seen the prisoner about the barracks for about four years and a half.





JAMES WESTBROOK
 (policeman.) In consequence of information, I went; to the Prince Regent public-house, saw the prisoner there, and told him I wanted him—we went out together—I had hold of his left hand—I saw his hand in his pocket—he pulled it out, and I heard something gingle in the channel, and Wood picked up the watch—the prisoner then said, "I know nothing about the watch"—he was not quite sober.

Cross-examined. Q. Is the public-house in Deptford? A. Yes, nearly half a mile from where the prosecutor met him—there are several public-houses nearer—the spot that the prosecutor was fixed against, leads out of the high road into a bye lane.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years.



Before Mr. Baron Rolfs.

