



248. 




THOMAS EVANS
 was indicted

 for stealing 2 breast pins and chain, value 1l. 10s., the goods of 




John Lord, from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


JOHN LORD. I keep the Princess of Wales, Charlotte-street, Portland-place. I was at the bar of the Swiss Tavern, St. John's-wood, on the 16th of Nov.—there was a foot-race, and a great crowd—I had a chain and two pins in my cravat—I am positive I had it when I was at the bar—as my head was turned to the landlord, I found the pins drawn by a hand that was covered with a handkerchief—I turned as soon as I could, and saw the handkerchief in the prisoner's hand—there was a rush at the moment—I laid hold of the

prisoner's hand, he had got the handkerchief in his other hand—I gave him in charge—there were no pins found—the handkerchief was examined—I am positive that it was the same that the hand had that took my pins—I had remarked that it was on old handkerchief, and one corner was worn out—it was shook when the prisoner was given in charge, and a light shown on the ground, to see if it had dropped, but there was no pin.

Cross-examined by
MR. BEADON. Q. How many persons were there near the bar? A. A great number—there were about two persons between me and the prisoner—I was standing, and the hand came over my shoulder—my cravat was drawn up to my chin, and my pins gone—the hand was above the people till I got possession of the man—the hand was not up exactly, but I saw the handkerchief—I cannot say that I did not lose sight of the band before I took him—there was a rush, and I could not get through at the moment—I took him in half a minute, and the handkerchief was put up to his face in the other hand—I did not lose sight of the handkerchief that was drawn from me—I saw him put that handkerchief into his pocket, and then it was taken out and shaken.

COURT. Q. Are you sure that the handkerchief that was over his hand was ragged? A. I am sure, and the handkerchief that was taken from the prisoner was ragged at one end—I have no doubt it was the same.





HENRY HOBBS
 (police-constable S 174.) I took the prisoner and took this handkerchief from his pocket; it is ragged at one end—the prosecutor said that was the one that was round the prisoner's hand, he knew it by the ragged end.





GEORGE TYLER
. I produced a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. † Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

