



1197. 




JAMES ELLIOTT
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Richter, on the 
3rd of March, at 
St. Luke, chelsea, and stealing therein, 6 spoons, value 4l. 7s.; 3 ladles, value 5l.; and 1 fish-slice, Value 2l.; his property.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






ELLEN MCDONALD
. I am cook in the service of Thomas Richter, who lives in the house in the Botanical Gardens, Sloane-street, in the parish of saintLuke, Chelsea.—On the 3rd of March I and my fellow-servant's attention was drawn by footsteps—I went out and saw a boy making his way up to the gate, while I was calling to him I turned round and observed prisoner coming in a direction from the pantry window, with this plate in his hand—I called out to him—he turned round, shot it out of his hand on the ground and ran off—I pursued him and saw Payne—he was afterwards brought back in custody—the plate is master's—I saw it safe in the pantry that morning, and I think the window was down.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How far from the pantry window did you see him? A. Two or three yards, within the premises—the gardens are public.





SUSANNAH BARNES
. I am M 'Donald's fellow-servant—I heard an alarm about the plate, went out and saw the boy and afterwards the prisoner—he threw away the plate—I took it up—it is worth about 10l.—I saw it safe in the pantry about an hour before—there is a private part of the gardens belonging to Mr. Richter—the prisoner was in the private garden.

cross-examined. Q. Does Mr. Richter live in the house? A. Yes, and nobody else but his servants—I believe the house belongs to the proprietor of the gardens-Mr. Richter pays rent for it.





JOHK PAYNE
. On the 3rd of March about 5 o'clock, I was going down sloane-street, and saw the witness running after the prisoner—I ran after

him—he crossed over and ran down the New-road—he made a little stop at Ward's cow-house in the New-road—I got up to him and said he must come back to Sloane-street, he was wanted—he said he should not and was going away—I took hold of him—he resisted, and at last walked with me about twenty yards and then ran about fifty yards—I caught him and he resisted a good deal.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you at any time lose sight of him? A. only a few seconds while he turned the corner—I am sure he is the man—I was running in Sloane-street about thirty yards from the gardens.





MARY ANN MARS JACKSON
. About five o'clock in the afternoon I was walking in the New-road, and saw the prisoner by Ward's cow-house—he stopped, and I saw him throw something inside the cow-house—I told Mrs. Ward of it.





CHARLES BOWLER
. I live with Mrs. Ward—in consequence of what she told me, I went into the shed and picked up a fish-slice under a cow's legs.
(Daniel Jameson, tailor of York-street, Westminster, gave the prisoners good character.)




GUILTY of Stealing, but not of Breaking and Entering. Aged 24.




Transported for Ten Years.
