




1451. 




JOSEPH JOHNSON COLVERD
 and 




WILLIAM HALL BROWN



, feloniously forging and uttering an acceptance to a bill for 22l. 8s., with intent to defraud 



Henry Dymond.


MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






ALFRED HUTCHINSON DYMOND
. I am the son of Henry Dymond, a dealer in articles made of gutta-percha, at 2, Regent-street, City-road. About the 8th of Dec., Colverd came to our office, and stated his intention of opening business in our line—he stated that he was employed at that time by the

prisoner Brown—I asked him the amount of goods he would require—he said about 40l. would be sufficient—he gave his name and address as "Joseph Johnson, No. 30, Cross-street, Islington"—he spoke about credit, and I inquired his reference—he said his employer, Mr. Hall, would be happy to give him a reference, he believed, but he would first ask him—he said his wife expected property in about two months, and he should then have plenty of money to pay—I said our practice was to require a bill or bills, indorsed by some respectable person as security, if we gave credit—he gave me a card, which I have not been able to find—it was a common business card—the name on it was, "Benjamin Hall, Oil and Colourman," or "Fish-sauce Warehouse," "Felix-place," or "Cottages," "Liverpool-road, Islington"—an appointment was made to call on Hall for Colverd's character—that appointment was kept by my father, who is not here—when the bills were to be accepted and indorsed I called on Colverd—we had supplied the goods, and then my father drew these two bills in my presence—they are dated the 14th of December, 1848, at two months—that was for the goods we had supplied—I went to Colverd's with the bills for acceptance—I then went with him to the house of the prisoner Brown, and he was introduced to me by Colverd as Mr. Hall—he said, "This is Mr. Hill"—this was at No. 2, Felix-place, Liverpool-road, Islington—I introduced tie two bills and they were accepted by Johnson at Brown's—these are them—they are accepted "Joseph Johnson"—the word "Accepted" I wrote at his request, and he wrote his name to them—Brown then indorsed both the bills in the name of" Benjamin Hall, No. 2, Felix-place, Liverpool-road, Islington"-one is for 21l. 7s., the other is for 22l. 8s.—after Johnson had accepted and Brown had indorsed them both, Brown said, "Although Mr. Johnson is present, 1 will say that I feel much pleasure in doing him this service; I believe him to be an honest and respectable young man"—he also stated that we might I trust him to any amount—the bills were presented and were returned dishonoured and noted—between 14th Dec. and 4th Jan. we supplied many other goods, to the amount of 157l.—we have never received payment for them—about 12th Jan. I went to Colverd's in Cross-street—I said that he being a young man and a beginner we should be glad to see a little money from him—that was on Tuesday, and he promised to let me have 20l., 30l., or 40l. on the following Saturday, or at the latest on Monday—he did not keep his promise, and I went to his residence on the Tuesday, and found he had left the place—I think the front door was open—I looked in, but could discover no goods—I then went to Brown's residence in Liverpool-road—I found he was gone, and the place was shut up—I then gave information to the police—I these goods were all regularly invoiced—I did not see the prisoners again till they were in custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. WOOLLETT. Q. When he presented the card to you, was it printed? A. It was, if I remember right, lithographed—it was "Benjamin Hall, Oil and Colourman," and some other articles were mentioned which he sold, "No. 2, Felix-place, Islington"—that was where went, and he represented himself as Benjamin Hall.





FRANCIS JOHN CONNER
. I am shopman to the prosecutor. I delivered the goods to Colverd's—the name of Johnson was over the shop-door.





HARRY ROBSON
. I live at No. 6, William-street, New North-road-about 10th Oct. I resided at No. 2, Felix-place, Liverpool-road—I had the home and shop to let—the prisoners applied to me about it—they both came together—Brown ultimately took it; he gave the name of "Benjamin Hall"—I think saw the two prisoners together three times before the shop was opened—I cannot say that I heard Brown address Colverd by the name of "Johnson;"

but he called him "Mr. Johnson" to the in his presence—on 23d Dec. went to the house; I found the place shut up, and they bad just bolted I away—there was nothing left—they never paid any rent.





EDWARD TOMBS
. I am a boot-maker of 121, High-street, Islington—I know both the prisoners. About Nov. last, Colverd came to me about taking house and shop at 30, Cross-street, Islington—he gave the name of "Joseph Johnson"—I let it him, and he commenced business as a dealer In gutta percha—he put the name of "Johnson" over the door—about the end of Jan. I went and found the shop shut up—I have not received any rent—I saw Brown at my shop—he gave the name of "Benjamin Hall."

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you never get your rent, or anything in lieu of rent? A. Yes, some gutta percha to the amount of 13s. 6d., and some goods were left at my shop for inspection—I do not know the value of them: I have them by me—there was 12l. 10s. rent due—they gave me no warning—I let the house to Johnson, but Hall became security for the payment of the rent.





FRANCES BURGESS
. I live at Kingsland—I knew Colverd when he was apprentice to my son—we called him "Edward Colverd," but his name was "Edward Joseph," or lt Joseph Edward Colverd."

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. How long is that ago? A. I Eight years—his name was not Johnson—I never heard his name was Johnson—I saw him about eighteen months ago, he was near my house—I did not know where he lived.

MR. PARRY. Q. Did you know his father and mother? A. Yes; they went by the name of Colverd, and he was apprenticed in that name—my son is dead—he was with us about three years—we had a person there named Joseph, and we called this one Edward.





JAMES DRAGE
. I have known the prisoner Brown nearly thirty years—his name is Brown—I have a signature of his to a paper—this is it—this is his signature to it, on the 19th May, 1847, agreeing to allow his wife a maintenance, from whom he has been separated seven years.

Cross-examined by
MR. WOOLLBTT. Q. Did you ever hear him called "Hall?" A. Never.





HENRY WILLIAM DUBOIS
 (police-sergeant, N 14). On 12th June I received information, and went to 14, Newington-causeway. I found Colverd in a shop—I said to him, "You are my prisoner"—he said, "What for?"—I said, "For defrauding Mr. Dymond of a quantity of goods"—he said, "I don't know Mr. Dymond"—there was a female in the shop, and she said, "Oh, yes, my dear, it is the gutta percha"—he then said, "Ob, yes, I know; I will go with you"—I took him to the station—he gave the name of "Joseph Johnson"—he then turned and said, "I suppose I had better give my right name"—I said, "If you don't, I shall for you"—he then gave the name of "Joseph Johnson Colverd"—while I was in the shop, Brown I came up from down-stairs, and I directed another officer who was with me to I take him—he gave the name of. "William Hall Brown" at the station, and said that was his right name; but at the shop I said, when he came up, "That is Brown, take him"—he said, "My name is not Brown, my name is George Clark"—I said, "I know you, your name is Brown"—the shop is a tobacconist's and stationer's, and the name of "John Smith" is over the door"—I do not know Colverd at all—I have known Brown about five years by the name of" Brown"—of "Benjamin Hall Brown"—"Benjamin Hall" and George Clark," and a variety of other names which I cannot remember, unless I 1 looked at my book—one was the name of "Bird."






FRANCES BURGESS

re-examined. I last saw Colverd about eighteen months ago—I know him by the name of "Colverd"—I said to him," Edward, hot do you do?" or something of that sort—I cannot call to mind when I had seen him before that—I think it was in 1843 he left my son's service.

COLVERD—



GUILTY. Aged 24.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury,
—




Confined One Year.


BROWN—


GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(There were other indictments against the prisoner.)
