



1075. 




THOMAS HOLMES GUMMER
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the warehouse of 



Robert Johnston, on the 
19th of March, at 
St. DonStan's, Stepney, and stealing therein, 210lbs. weight of cheroots, value 60l. 45lbs. weight of cigars, 15l.; and 3 chests, 3d.; his goods.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






ROBERT JOHNSTON
. I live in Gloucester-street, Commercial-road, and am a cigar manufacturer—my warehouse is in the parish of St. Dunstan, Stepney. I locked up the premises on the 18th of March, at nine o'clock at night—I Went there next morning, about half-past six, and found the yard gate broken open, and the warehouse entered by breaking two locks—I missed three cases of cheroots, worth about 60l., weighing 210lbs., and about 45lbs. of cigars. in a bundle—I made inquiry of a turnpike man, and, sent the constable to the prisoner's house, in Dean-street, Spitalfields—I went there myself soon after—a woman opened the door, and gave the keys to Pritchard—the gates were locked—the woman opened them—I went in, and found a cart there, with some broken pieces of cigars in it—the horse was standing in the stable, and appeared to have been driven, for the sweat was dried on its neck, and not cleaned off—I went into the house—I noticed a door on my right hand on the second floor which was fastened—I forced it open, and in that room found my three chests of cheroots, and one box with the cigars k it—they as made in London, and are my manufacture—the lids of the chests were left behind in the warehouse—I have compared them with the chests and have no doubt they are mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Can you distinguish your own manufacture if mixed with others? A. Certainly, there is not a house in London makes cheroots as I do—mine are made with a wire through them to cause a draft—I have compared the boxes with the lids, and swear to them—it might be on the first floor I found these—the turnpike gate is about 100 yards from my warehouse.





SAMUEL RICH
. I live in Church-street, Mile-end, and am toll-collector at the gate. On the 19th of March, between one and two o'clock in the morning, I was on duty at the gate in Whitechapel-road, and saw a cart pass through, the prisoner and two other men were in it—I had known the prisoner for eight months before—I saw the name on the cart was Gummer or Gunner—I asked him what he was doing out at that time in the morning—he made no answer, but paid me 6d., and drove on—I am certain it was him—I saw the cart pass through again in about three quarters of an hour, in the same direction as it had originally gone through—there is a way it could have gone without coming through on the way back, and the same lad, I thought, who drove before was in it then, but not the prisoner.


Cross-examined. Q. Who drove? A. The lad, on both occasions—I asked for the toll the second time—the driver said he had paid before—I cannot swear it was the same cart, but to the best of my recollection it was—I did not believe it to be the same cart at first, so I asked for the toll—I have known the prisoner as a coffee-roaster about eight months—I never spoke to him—I merely knew him by seeing him pass—I did not call out to him by the name of Gummer, but Skinner—I am sure he was in the cart—I know there was a Mr. Skinner, a broker, in Whitechapel-road—I did not know him—I did not see him at the police-court, that I am aware of.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Why did you call out to the prisoner by the name of Skinner? A. I have seen him drive a cart with that name on it, and thought that was his name—I never knew him drive through at such a time before—I swear the prisoner was in the cart the first time it stopped to pay the toll, and I opened the gate for him—it drove through on the same side as the prosecutor's warehouse.





RHODA HATHAWAY
. I am single, and live with my mother, in Gloucester-street, opposite Mr. Johnston's cigar factory. On the 19th of March before two o'clock in the morning, I heard a noise, and went to the window—I saw a cart standing at Mr. Johnston's premises—there was one man in the cart, and two or three out of it—I had not time to distinguish their faces—they threw a box on the shaft of the cart, and one inside—the men who were outside lifted or threw it in—the man on the cart took the reins and drove off quickly, and the men walked off.

Cross-examined. Q. What time was it? A. Soon after they left, the church clock struck two—I went to sleep, and did not hear any other noise.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did there appear other boxes in the cart? A. Yes.

MR. JOHNSTON
re-examined. There are streets to turn down between my gate and the turnpike—by going round the Commercial-road he could come back through the gate again, that would take about twenty minutes.





WILLIAM ARGENT
 (police-constable H 126.) I went to Mr. Johnston's, at seven o'clock in the morning, of the 19th of March, and made inquiry at the turnpike, I received information from Hathaway, and went to search in Dean-street—I knew that the prisoner lived there—it is about 400 yards from the turnpike—I went to a shed there, and found a cart—I called for Gummer—he came down stairs—I told him I had come to take him for being concerned with others in stealing cigars from Mr. Johnston—he said, "Very well"—he went up stairs—I followed him, and said he must go with me—he said, "Very well"—I told him of the cigars being stolen, and that his cart went through Whitechapel-gate about two o'clock—he said he had lent his cart to two men who took two of his rooms, to remove some goods, that he let the cart about twelve at night—I asked who the men were—he said he did not know them—I said it was late to let out a horse and cart to people he did not know—he said he should not have done it, only he had been drinking—I searched about the house, and did not find anything at first—I went with him to the station, and left Johnston there with two officers.

Cross-examined. Q. Did Mr. Johnston go with you? A. It was his brother—the prisoner came down from the bed-room—he was dressing himself—I searched only four rooms—it is a double house.





ANN PERRIN
. I am the wife of George Perrin, of the Red Lion, White-chapel-road—I saw the prisoner at our house on the night of the 18th about a quarter to twelve o'clock—my house is about ten minutes' walk from Commercial-road—I do not know Johnson's premises.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he appear to have been drinking? A. I thought

he might have been drinking—he and three more had half a pint of beer and a pot of stout—I did not see him leave the house—nor know how much more he might have—there were two females and one man in his company—my house is near the theatre.





WILLIAM ARGENT

re-examined. This public-house is about three hundred yards from Mr. Johnston's premises, and nearly half a mile from the prisoner's house.




GUILTY
. Aged 38.—


Transported for Ten Years.

