




1528. 




THOMAS RENSHAW
 and 




GEORGE THOMPSON
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
19th of April, at 
St. George the Martyr, Southwark, 2 coats, value 7l., the goods of 



Martin William Franks, in his dwelling-house.






SARAH FRANKS
. I am the wife of Martin William Franks, and live at No. 127, Blackfriars-road, in the parish of St. George the Martyr—it is his dwelling-house. On Friday morning, the 19th of April, I hung some coats up in the passage of the private entrance—I did not miss them till the 21st—these now produced are them—they are worth 7l. or 8l.





WILLIAM CATLIN
, shopman to Isabella Perring, pawnbroker, St. Martin's-lane. I produce a coat pledged on the 19th of April—the duplicate produced by the policeman is what I gave for it.





WILLIAM TAYLOR
, shopman to Mr. Clark, pawnbroker, Long-acre. I produce a coat pledged on the 19th of April, I cannot tell who by—on the following Monday Renshaw came to have adeclaration for the coat—he said he had lost the ticket—I filled up part of a declaration—he said the coat was the property of a man named Jones, his master—I brought down the coat and showed it to him, and he said that was the coat—I am sure he is the person.

Renshaw, I bought the ticket of the coat on the Saturday night; I went into the shop and asked if there was a coat pledged in the name of Cook or Cooper. Witness. He asked if there was one pledged in the name of Cooper—he did not say how he had come by the ticket which he had lost.






CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
 (police-constable L 88.) I saw Renshaw on Monday, the 22nd of April, coining out of Mr. Clark's shop—I followed him to the Waterloo-road, and there took him into custody—I said it was for stealing two coats from No. 127, Blackfrias-road on Friday last—he said he knew nothing of any coats.

Renshaw. When he took me into custody I was in Westminster-road with another young man who saw me bay the ticket; he asked me who this young man was; I said, "I dare say you know him;" he had not police clothes on then; he first said, "I want you;" I said, "What for?" he said, "On suspicion of stealing a time-piece from the Borough;" I said, "I will go with you; I know nothing of any time-piece;" he said, "I must go to the station and get directions whereabout;" I said I should not like to be locked up for a thing I knew nothing about; he said, "Come with me, and if it is not you, you will get discharged;" he took me to the station, and there he said it was or two coats.

Witness. There was a young man with him—I asked him if he knew him—he said he did not—I did tell him at first that I wanted him for a timepiece in the Borough-road, and I can explain the reason why—there was a number of thieves with him, and I thought if I told him what I wanted him for then, the other persons might be acquainted with it, and might go and take the coats out of pawn before I could get to them.





JAMER BROOK
 (police-constable L 118.) On Monday, the 22nd of April, I met Thompson in the New Cut, and asked if he knew any one of the name of Renshaw—he said no—I said Renshaw was in custody on suspicion of stealing two coats, and I should take him for being concerned with him—he immediately put his hand into his trowsers' pocket, pulled out this duplicate, and endeavoured to put it into his mouth—I knocked it out of his hand on to the ground—it is the one I have prodoced.

Thompson. The same young man was with me that was with Renshaw, Witness. I asked you who he was, and you said you did not know—I did not snatch your hand out of your pocket—you dropped the ticket, and I picked it off the ground—I swear it fell from your hand.

Renshaw's Defence. I was in a coffee-shop on Saturday night; two young men came and asked if I wanted to buy the duplicate of a coat; I asked what it was pawned for; he said 12s.; I said I did not want to buy it; they said they were out of work, and would sell it for 1s. 6d. and a cup of coffee; at last I gave them 1s. for it; on the Monday morning I saw one of them; he asked if I had the coat; 1 said no, I had lost the ticket; he sent me over the water to the pawnbrokers; I asked if a coat had been pledged there in the name of Cooper, or some such name; they said there was one pawned on the 19th of April for 12s.; I said very likely that was it, I came to have an affidavit; one of the young men asked where he lived—the policeman found I had given my right address; they said they could not let me have it without I brought the man I bought it of; I said I could not, I did not know whether I should see him again; I came out of the shop, and was going home when the policeman took me.

Thompson's Defence. The officer says the ticket was in my possession; I deny it; it is totally false; nobody swears I pawned the coat, or stole it.





JAMES CUDDY
 (police-constable L 20.) I produce a certificate of Renshaw's former conviction—(read)—I was present at his trial, and am quite certain he is the person.

RENSHAW—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

THOMPSON†


GUILTY
. Aged 25.




Transported for Ten Years.
