






303. 




WILLIAM BIGGS,


 FREDERICK BARRETT
, and 



JOSEPH CORDWELL
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




George Veale, about one in the night of the 
9th of Nov., at 
St. Marylebone, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 pair of boots, value 3s.; 2 waistcoats, 14s.; 2 handkerchiefs, 4s.; 1 penknife, 6d.; the goods of 



William Hall:—1 umbrella, value 3s.; 1 table cloth, 2s.; 2 pair of boots, 2s.; and 1 comforter, 6d.; the goods of the said 



George Veale; and 





MARY VITTERIDGE



 for feloniously receiving the said property, and for harbouring, &c, the said prisoners, knowing them to have committed the said burglary, and that Biggs had been before convicted of felony.


MR. WILKINS
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE VEALE
. I keep the Montague Arms, Upper Montague-street, in the parish of St. Marybone. There is a back door to the house, leading into Montague-mews—on Friday morning, 10th Nov., between six and seven o'clock, in consequence of what my pot-boy told me, I got up and came down stairs—I found the skylight in the kitchen pulled down—it had been fastened the night before with a rope, and a large weight at the end of it, which kept it shut—it had not been opened for the last two months—the kitchen door was open—it had no fastening to it—both the doors leading into the mews were opened—that must have been done from the inside—a large bar goes across the back-door, fastened with a screw—they had unscrewed it, and taken it off—I missed from the kitchen two pairs of childrens' boots, an umbrella, a woollen comforter, and a table-cloth, belonging to me, and other things belonging to my servant—they had attempted to break open the bardoor, but did not succeed—they had driven in a piece of iron to try to wrench it open—I know the prisoner Biggs—he lived in the second stable in the

mews behind my house—I had occasionally employed him to clean knives and forks when I have had supper parties.

COURT. Q. The persons appeared to have got in at the skylight? A. They had got over the back wall, and in at the skylight; and then opened the two back doors to get out—I was the last person up the night before—I went to bed about a quarter before one—all was safe then—I fastened the doors and all the house myself—a square of glass had been cut out at the top of the skylight, with a knife or some instrument, large enough to admit a hand—they had then cut the rope off close to the opening, the weight would then drop, by which means they could force open the fanlight and get in—they would not have above two feet to drop, by hanging at the top of the skylight.





WILLIAM HALL
. I am pot-boy to the prosecutor. On Thursday night, the 9th of Nov., I fastened the outside door that leads into the mews at eleven o'clock—I went to bed a few minutes after that—I got up about a quarter past six next morning—I was the first person up—I came down into the kitchen and missed two waistcoats, my trowsers, shoes, boots, and two silkhandkerchiefs—I saw them all safe when I took them off the night before, and laid them in the kitchen—I found the back door of the house put to—the outer door leading into the mews was half-way open—I saw the skylight open, and the rain had been in—I called my master—there was a small penknife in one of my waistcoat pockets, and 3s. 10d. in silver, and 8d. or 10d. in halfpence.





JOHN ROSS
. I life at No. 10, Great James-st., Lisson-grove. On Thursday night, the 9th Nov., I was at the Perseverance public-house, in Great James-street, about twelve o'clock at night, and met Biggs there—he said he had a case on to-night, that he was going to get into a house, and would I go and do it—I said I did not mind—he said he had two more coming along with him, and he had to meet them at the Hope public-house in Steven-street at twelve o'clock—we went, and outside the Hope met Cordwell and Barrett, about twelve o'clock—Biggs asked them if they were going down there now to do this house—they said they did not mind, they would go—we all four went down, and looked in at the front of the prosecutor's house—there was a light there—we went away down Marylebone-lane, and talked to two or three girls down there—when we returned the light was out—Biggs, who lives in the, same mews, went in doors and got a screw-driver—Barrett and Cordwell then lifted Biggs on to the top of the back wall—I saw him walk a little distance, and then go out of sight—Barrett, Cordwell, and I remained outside in the mews—in about half an hour Biggs opened the back door, and came out into the mews from the back yard—Cordwell and Barrett went in with him—I remained outside to watch—I saw Biggs on the skylight breaking the glass, and then saw him drop down right out of my sight, and his hat came rolling down the skylight—in about half an hour they all three came out—Barrett had on a waistcoat and a comforter round his neck—Biggs had an umbrella and a silk handkerchief, with boots and other articles tied up in it—Cordwell had nothing—we then all went towards Oxford-street again—Barrett and Cordwell said to me and Biggs, "You two had better take these things and sell them, for we are too well known to the police, they will stop us," and we were to take and share the money up at the Hope—Barrett gave me a waistcoat, a comforter, and another small waistcoat inside that—Biggs and I went and took a walk down Oxford-street till about half-past four o'clock—we then went to a house in the New-road, kept by one Ferryman—we knocked at the shutters, and Ferryman came out—I saw Vitteridge there in bed—Biggs said to Ferryman, in her hearing, that he had stolen these clothes, and

told them where he had got them from, and he had come to him to know whether he would buy them—Ferryman looked at them, and gave them to Vitteridge to judge whether they were worth the money Biggs asked for them—she examined them—Biggs said he wanted 10s. for them—she said she would give him 8s. for them—they got on, and she gave him 8s. 6d.—Ferryman then got up, and went to work about six o'clock—we did not have the 8s. 6d. then—we had to wait until Ferryman came home to breakfast, because he wanted to draw the money of his master, but we did not get it then—he went out after he had his breakfast, and got it, and sent word for me and Biggs to go down to the Adam and Eve—we went down, and I saw him change a half-sovereign—Vitteridge was there—it is in the New-road, close by Tottenham-court-road—he gave Biggs the 8s. 6d.—I am quite sure Vitteridge was there then—she came with us from Ferryman's to the Adam and Eve—we had something to drink, which she shared—she lives with Ferryman—she is not his wife—Ferryman left us in the Adam and Eve—he had a pail and brush, and I supposed he was going to work—he left Vitteridge with us—she said she was going up towards Crawford-street to buy a bit of meat for dinner, and she went along with us as far as Crawford-street—we had several quarterns of gin—I cannot tell where we led her—the money we got was spent, at least mine was—Biggs had some left—Vitteridge was in our company all the time—at last Biggs and I got fighting, and were taken to the station—I there communicated to the constable what I have told to-day.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTIKE. Q. This is your second appearance in Court this morning, is it not? A. Yes—I was a witness to a conversation between two persons who were in the station where I was—since this occurrence I have been at the station under the care of the police—I worked for my living previously—I was a gardener—I did the last job of gardening I should say twelve months ago—my mother has kept me since—she goes out charing—I have been at work for Mr. Greygoose, an oilman—the last job I did for him was in May—I have done nothing since then—I enlisted about two months or nine weeks ago, but was persuaded away not to go, by the like of this company—I deserted—I gave myself up after this robbery—this is not the first matter of this kind in which I have been suspected—I have been committed once, but never convicted, and I was innocent then—it was for stealing some linen, two years since—I was in a place then—that was the only charge made against me—I was never charged with a burglary before—all these things were sold by me and Biggs—I did not see Barrett again till I was in custody—it was in consequence of my statement to the policeman that Barrett was taken, and Vitteridge also—I was taken between twelve and one o'clock the morning after the burglary—it was about five in the morning that I went to Ferryman's—it was not a house I was acquainted with—it was Biggs who took me there.

Vitteridge. Q. Did you not give me 2d. to bind you a pair of boots? A. Yes—Bigus asked you to lend him a knife to cut the tops of the boots off.





JOHN HALL
 (police-constable D 64.) On Friday, the 10th of Nov., I was at the station in Harcourt-street, and saw Ross there—he gave me information of a robbery at the Montague Arms—he gave me a full account of it—in consequence of what he told me I went with Ross and another constable to No. 23, Fitzroy-place, New-road, where Ferryman lived, about six o'clock in the afternoon, and found Vitteridge there in bed, and Ferryman near the bed—I told her I had come to search the place for some property from a burglary committed in Montague-street—when I said that, she jumped out of bed, struck Ross, and said, "You thief, you have brought us all into this"—I searched the room, and in a box over the cupboard found these two waistcoats,

two pairs of children's boots, this comforter, table-cloth, pair of boot legs, silk handkerchief, and umbrella—Vitteritlge said Ferryman knew nothing about it, (I took him into custody as well as Vitteridge) that she received them from Biggs—she said Biggs had brought a pair of boots there with the rest of the property, and she had bound them.

Vitteridge. There was no cover on the box—it is one I put dirty clothes in. Witness. It had no cover.





ROBERT HOARE
 (police-constable D 72.) I accompanied Hall to No. 23, Fitzroy-place, and assisted in searching Vitteridge's room—Ross was there—we took Vitteridge into custody—I locked the room door, and took the key with me—next morning I went to the room again with Hall, and made further search, and found this bad half-crown and this knife, wrapped up in the corner of the sheet on the bed on which I had seen Vitteridge lying.





HENRY THOMPSON
 (police-sergeant D 4.) On Friday morning, the 10th of Nov., about a quarter past ten o'clock, I met Biggs, Vitteridge, and Ross in company, coming out of the Bee Hive, in Crawford-street, drunk—Biggs asked me to have something to drink, and took hold of me round the waist—Vitteridge ran away from him, and ran down Spring-street—Biggs showed me some silver in his hands, and said, "You shall have something to drink"—I said, "I will drink another time with you"—he said, "Perhaps you will not have another chance, I have plenty of money, and it is all b—square money"—Vitteridge then came back, and they proceeded up Crawford-street till they came to Montague-mews, where Biggs's father resides, and there I left them.





JOHN MURRAY
 (police constable D 46.) On Saturday morning, the 11th of Nov., I apprehended Barrett, about seven o'clock, in Steven-street—I told him to come to the station along with me—he said he had been doing nothing since he came out of prison last, and said, "Is it for any thing done last night?"—I said no, it was for the night before, at the Montague Anns—he said that I knew as much about it as he did, for he had been in bed every night since he came out of prison, except one night, and then he went to the Marylebone theatre.





THOMAS HASELDINE
 (police-constable D 104.) On Saturday morning, the 11th of Nov., I apprehended Cordwell in Steven-street—I said, "Cordwell, you are the man I want on suspicion of a robbery at the Montague Arms, in Montague-street"—he said he knew nothing about it, but he heard he was wanted, so he had gone out of the way the night before.





THOMAS MANSELL
, assistant to Mr. Wells, pawnbroker, Adams-row, Hampstead-road. I produce a silk handkerchief, pledged at our house—I do not know by whom—Vitteridge brought it in the morning of the 10th of Nov., between eight and nine o'clock, and offered it, but I would not advance as much as she wanted on it, and she took it away—I have known her for some years—I know this to be the same handkerchief by the initials "W. C." in the middle, which I noticed at the time—I wrote the ticket for the person who afterwards pawned it, but whether I took it in or not I do not know—the ticket it dated the 10th of Nov., and is in the name of William Cooper.

Vitteridge. It was not a handkerchief I came with on the 10th of Nov., I came for a whitewash-brush; I gave 1s. 0 1/2 d., and said, "Let me have that brush as quick as you can;" you said, "Take the ticket, and get the brush for Ferryman." Witness. It is not so.





GEORGE VEALE

re-examined. These two pairs of boots are my children's, and this comforter, table-cloth, and umbrella, are mine.





WILLIAM HALL

re-examined. These two waistcoats are mine, and what

I missed, and this pen-knife—this silk handkerchief produced by Mansell is mine—I know it by the letters "W. C." on it.

Vitteridge's Defence. I get my living by washing and charing. About half-past six o'clock, on the morning of the 10th of Nov., Biggs and Ross came to my place; at least they came into the passage, and knocked at the next room door; the person living in the back parlour was out, and I opened the door to say so; they said, "We want a little washing done, can you do it for us?" I said, "Not before the afternoon;" they said that would do; they came in, and laid on the table a bundle, wrapped in this handkerchief. Ross took out a pair of boots, took a little pen-knife out of his pocket, and tried to cut the tops off; it did not cut well, and he said, "Will you lend me a stronger knife?" which I did, and he cut the tops off; they said, "We will make you a present of these; and as it is unlucky to keep a knife, you may have it." I threw it on the bed; they opened the bundle, and looked at the table-cloth. Ross said, "Biggs, I will lay you a shilling, that when this is washed it will pawn for half-a-crown." Biggs replied, "I will lay you what you like, that it won't pawn for more than 18d.; but will you have it cleaned." I said, "I will this afternoon;" they took the boots, and said, "Will you bind them?" I said I had no tape; Ross gave me a 1d. I went out, and bought some; and if you examine the boots, you will find that one is not finished now; the young man I was living with came in; I thought he looked angry at them, and said, "I cannot finish them now, I will this afternoon." Ross gave me 2d. for binding them, and they went out; after breakfast, my young man said, "Mary, you must go for my brush." I went out, and met Biggs and Ross again. I went and got the brush, and met Ferryman at the door of the Adam and Eve, with a whitewash pail in his hand. I gave him the brush, and he went away. Biggs and Ross were there, and treated me to some gin; we went towards Crawford-street, and they treated me again: they went to another public-house, and got quarrelling, and I went away; when I got home I felt very ill, from the effects of the liquor, and laid down and fell asleep. Ferryman came home at twelve o'clock, and found me in bed, where I remained till the policeman came and said stolen property was there. I told them to go to the box, and said, "If it is stolen, I know nothing of it." I struck Ross, and said, "You thief, if it is stolen, you have brought us into it." It is the first thing I was ever charged with.

Cordwell's Defence. What Ross states against me is quite false; I had not seen him for nearly three weeks before. I was at home at my mother's at half-past eleven o'clock, and slept in the same room with my father and mother the whole evening, from half-past eleven till seven in the morning.

Biggs's Defence. On the night the robbery was committed I met Ross; he asked me to go with him; I said I should not, I was going home; he went over the wall, and brought the things out; I saw him come out with the things on his back; these two young men were nowhere near; there was no one but him and me down the mews.





JAMES PORTER
 (police-constable D 55) I produce a certificate of Biggs's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person.

BIGGS—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Life.


VITTERIDGE—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.


BARRETT and CORDWELL—


NOT GUILTY
.
