




573. 




HENRY SMITH
 and 




JOHN DAVIS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
28th of January, 1 chest, value 1s.; and 83lbs. weight of tea, value 15l.; the goods of 



Mary Andrews: and that Davis had been before convicted of felony.






GEOROE COLLINS
. I am a cab—driver, and live in Air-street, Air-street Hill. About half-past six o'clock, on the evening of the 28th of January, I was on Ludgate-hill—the prisoner Davis came and hired my cab—he directed me to go to Paternoster-row, which I did, and saw a chest of tea there—it was put on my cab—the prisoner Smith was by Davis's side at the time—they both got in, and told me to drive to Whitechapel, fast—theykept putting out their heads, and telling me to drive faster—I said I could not—I turned my head, and saw an officer, and gave them into custody—as soon as the officer went to the cab the prisoners burst out of the cab, and ran away—they were taken—it was a close cab.


Smith. I did not help you to lift the chest on the cab. Witness. Yes, both of you did.





DANIEL DOUGLAS
 (City police-constable, No. 426.) On the night of the 28th of January I was on duty in Cheapside—I observed a cab pulling up to the curb—the cab—man jumped off the box, and said, "Policeman, I think all is not right"—I went towards the cab, and saw Davis endeavouring to get out on the opposite side—I caught hold of the sleeve of his smock-frock—hebroke away, and both the prisoners escaped—I followed, and caught Smith, and took him back to the cab—Davis was brought back shortly afterwards—they were both taken to the station, with the chest of tea—I knew Davis before, and am positive he is the person that ran away—I did not know Smith before, but I never lost sight of him.





JOSEPH LAMPITT
 (City police-constable, No. 317.) I was on the south side of St. Paul's Churchyard, near Watling-street, and heard a cry of "Stop him, stop him"—I turned round, and saw Davis running across the crossing—some one said, "That is him," and I secured him.





THOMAS MARTIN
. I am a tailor and draper in Ely-place. I noticed the cab in Cheapside—I observed it stop, and saw the policeman go up to it—the two prisoners immediately jumped out—the policeman got Smith—Davise scaped—I pursued him, and with difficulty succeeded in taking him by Watling-street—I gave him in charge to Lampitt.





GEORGE SHEPHERD
. I am a wagoner, in the employ of Mary Andrews,

a carrier, at Uxbridge. I brought this chest of tea from Uxbridge—it was in my charge, as Mrs. Andrews's servant—I came with my wagon down Oxford-street, St. Giles, Drury-lane, and Fleet-street—the chest was in the tail part of the wagon—I saw it there at the top of Ludgate-hill, before I turned up Ave Maria-lane—I missed it two minutes afterwards, when I got into Warwick-lane, which crosses Paternoster-row.





JAMES ANDREWS
. I am a wagoner in the service of Mary Andrews. I delivered a chest of tea to Shepherd to bring to London—I received it from Mr. Charles Hall's cart of Uxbridgc—I saw the same chest at the station the same night.





HENRY THOMAS
. I am a warehouseman to Messrs. Bulkeley, Johnson, and Co., of Nicholas-lane, King William-street, tea-dealers—I have examined this chest of tea, it is one we had in our possession—Mr. Hall, of Uxbridge, is a customer of ours, and has bought several of us—we expected to receive this one back again, as too many were sent, in mistake—I am able to say this is the same chest we sent to Mr. Hall—it is full of tea—there are 83lbs., worth about 16l. 10s. at the sellingprice.

Smith's Defence. Last Thursday night I was by Paternoster-row, two gentlemen came up, and asked if I wanted a job—I said, "Yes"—we went down Paternoster-row, to where this chest was standing—he asked if I could carry it to Whitechapel; I said I was not able; he told me to take a cab; I asked Davis if he would fetch me a cab, and I waited till he came back; when the cab—man came, I had not money to pay him, and I told him to drive to the Two Bells public-house, opposite Whitechapel church quickly, as I expected the two gentlemen would be there before me. I saw the cab—man drive up to the policeman; Davis jumped out of the cab, and so did I, as I thought it was wrong.

Davis's Defence. I knew nothing about it being stolen; I fetched the cab, as Smith asked me: he asked me to have a ride with him, as he had no money to pay; I did; I saw the cab—man stop, and the policeman talking to him; I thought it was something wrong, and I jumped out.





GEORGE COLLINS

re-examined. I saw nothing of two gentlemen—the place was all clear, I saw no one but the prisoners—the shops were shut up all round—they told me to drive to Whitechapel, not to any particular part of it—Warwick-lane is about one hundred yards from Ludgate-hill—I took the first turning going down Ludgate-hill—I helped them with the chest on to the cab—I had no suspicion till I saw Davis run and dodge about—going up Newgate-street something came over me very cold, and I thought it was not right, as they kept rapping at the windows, and were in a great hurry to get on—I said, "Don't rap at my windows so, you will break them"—they said, "D—the windows, never mind them, make haste."





DANIEL DOUGLAS

re-examined. I produce a certificate of Davis's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—I was present at his trial on the 19th of October last, in the name of John Smith—I was a witness against him, and know him to be the man—he had three months' imprisonment—(read.)

SMITH.*—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

DAVIS.*—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
