



840. 




REBECCA WHITE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of Feb., I purse, value 6d.; 1 sovereign, and 1 half-sovereign; the property of 



Robert M'Donald, from his person; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






ROBERT M'DONALD
. I live in Ransby-conrt, Broadway, Ludgate-hill, and am a stone-mason. On the evening of the 8th of Feb. I was in Paternosterrow, and saw the prisoner there—as I was passing along sbe forcibly laid hold of me—I got from her, and proceeded down London-house-yard, to go to St. Paul's Churchyard—she followed me, and about half-way down the yard she again laid hold of me—I got from her—she got before me, detained me a minute or two, and I felt her hand leave my left-side trowsers pocket—I felt my pocket immediately after, and my purse, containing a sovereign and a halfsoveign, was gone—immediately I felt her hand leave my pocket she drew it underneath her clothes—I charged her with taking my money—she said she had not—I laid hold of both her hands—she got one hand loose, to show me that the money was not in her pocket—I then took hold of both her hands again, and asked her to give me the money up—she said she had not got it—a man and woman then came up who seemed in concert with her, and pushed against me—the man wanted to quarrel with me—I called for a policeman, who came up—I gave her in charge—I held her hands all the time, so that she had no communication with the other parties—I looked on the

ground, but could not see my purse—when I got to the station, she was searched, and nothing found on her—she then said I ought to be searched, and that my purse was in my right side coat pocket—I then found it there, empty—she had stood up by my side while I was giving the charge, and had her hands at liberty then.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. This took place close to your residence? A. Not close—when she accosted me I had both my hands in my pocket, and felt my purse safe in my left trowsers pocket—my hand was tight down on my purse—I felt her hand leaving my pocket—she immediately drew it under her clothes—I then felt my money was gone, and laid hold of her hand immediately—this was in London-house-yard—I saw nobody by till the party came up and pushed against us—I was quite sober—I bad hold of her hands all the time—at the station, when she found she was to be remanded, after entreating me not to appear against her, she said I ought to be searched, and if searched, my purse would be found in my right hand coat pocket—I swear she said so—the policeman has not said any thing to me—I had been to Bell-alley, and was going to Drury-lane—I had spent no money that evening, and can swear there was no silver in my purse—I am in the service of Mr. Jackson, at the Royal Exchange—I had a taglioni coat on.





HENRY MILLS
 (City police-constable, No. 353.) I took the prisoner to the station—she was searched, but nothing found—after being searched, she returned from the cell, and wished the inspector to search the prosecutor—he said that was impossible—she said he had the property about him—he said he was certain he had not—she told him to feel in his right hand coat pocket, and he would find it there—he put his hand into that pocket, and drew out the empty purse, to his surprise.

Cross-examined. Q. Was not there another woman there on the charge? A. There was a woman at the station, but not on this charge—the female searcher searched her—she was not detained.





ADAM SPEARY
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction by the name of Ann Herbert, from the office of the Clerk of the Peace—(read)—I was present when she was tried, and know her to be the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(The prisoner has been five or six times in custody.)
