



2972. 




HENRY SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of October, 2 blankets, value 8s., the goods of 



James Griffiths; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






RICHARD RIDER
. I live in Kennington-place, Vauxhall. On the evening of the 19th of October I was in Tothill-street, Westminster, about a quarter before eight o'clock—I saw the prisoner take some blankets from a pile at Mr. Griffiths's door-way—he put them under his arm—I gave information—I am sure he is the person.

Prisoner. Q. What do you swear to me by? A. By your dress and countenance. I saw your face. You placed the blankets under your left

arm, and turned down Denton-street and up Jeffries-street; you were very violent when you were taken.





HENRY BLACKBURN
. I live with James Griffith, a linen-draper, in Tothill-street. I received information from Mr. Rider—I Went after the prisoner, and saw him in about three minutes—my fellow shopman had then got the blankets on his arm, and the prisoner struck him—he was then about 300 yards from our shop—I came up and collared him—he struck and kicked me several times—with the assistance of another we got him down, and kept him till the officer came—I missed from our doorway a pair of blankets—these are them—they are worth 8s.





WILLIAM REES MORGAN
. I live with Mr. Griffiths. I followed the prisoner in consequence of information—I saw him drop the blankets—I then apprehended him—he was agitated and confused, but in a few minutes, when he recovered, he gave me a blow which rendered me perfectly helpless—Blackburn came up, and he struck him—we succeeded in keeping him till the officer came—these are the blankets, I picked them up.

Prisoner. Q. Was I out of your sight at all? A. Yes, in coming from the shop—I saw you drop the blankets.





JOHN CUTCLIFFE
. I am a policeman. Shortly before eight o'clock that evening the prisoner was given into my charge—he tried to injure every one that came near him—he tried to knock me down—he was so violent that it took four of us to carry him to the station.





JOHN MARSHALL
 (police-constable B 60.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.
