



248. 




WILLIAM STEWARTSON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
3rd of December, at 
St. Andrew-by-the-Wardrobe, 1 purse, value 6d.; 1 guinea, 1 crown, 5 sovereigns, 2 other crowns, 6 half-crowns, 15 shillings, and 5l. note, the property of 



Edward Stewartson, in his dwelling-house.






EDWARD STEWARTSON
. I live at No. 33, St. Andrew's-hill, Doctors' Commons, in the parish of St. Andrew-by-the-Wardrobe; the prisoner is my son; he slept with me. On Thursday morning, the 3rd of December, I called him up at eight o'clock—I got up at nine—I found he had left the house, and my bureau, which I had locked over-night, I found open—I missed from it a 5l. note, five sovereigns, a guinea, and a crown-piece, which I have had upwards of fifty years—I also lost a purse containing 2l. worth of silver from my trowser's pocket by my bed-side—my purse was in one pocket, and my keys in the other—I found the keys in the bureau—on Sunday morning, between twelve and one, I was called to the station, and saw my son in custody—I cannot say positively whether I said any thing to him about the money, or whether I heard him say any thing about it, I was so agitated with one thing or another.





ALFRED SHEPHARD
. I am a bookbinder, and live in College-square, Doctors' Commons; I know the prisoner. On Saturday, the 5th of December, I saw him in the Surrey Theatre—I had heard of the robbery on the Thursday—I followed him out, over Blackfriars-bridge, I then called him by name, and asked how his father was—he said he was better—I told him I had heard of the robbery, and that his father was behind me with a Bow-street officer—he said he did not care for his father, or the officer either—I gave him into custody—when the policeman first took him he got away—I followed and stopped him—when he was seized he immediately pulled out a pistol, and attempted, I imagine, to fire it off, but the policeman came up at the time—I saw him take it out of his pocket, and

hold it in front of him—I did not hear any noise, as if he attempted to fire it off—I took it from him—it was loaded—he had another about him, also loaded—at the station his father asked him if he had taken the money—he said, "Yes, all but the crown-piece"—he said he had taken the note into the Borough, but he could not tell where.

Prisoner. It is a false statement.





HENRY ROE
 (City police-constable, No. 356.) I saw the prisoner at the corner of William-place—when he saw me he ran into King Edward-street, and I there took him by the arm—he said he would go quietly, which he did till we got to the top of Farringdon-street, he there slipped from me, and ran down Farringdon-street—he was overtaken by Mr. Shepherd—I came up and took him by the collar of his coat—he pulled out a pistol, pointed it, and said, "Now," and snapped it, but there was no percussion cap on—it was loaded to the muzzle with grape-shot—he had another pistol about him, also loaded to the muzzle, the same as the other—he had also a flask of gunpowder, a box of percussion caps, a bullet mould, three sovereigns and a half, one shilling, a sixpence, a 4d. piece, and a half-penny—he said at the station that he took the money from his father, but not the crown-piece.





THOMAS HOLLOWAY PEARCE
. I am apprentice to Thomas Cursley Baker, a pawnbroker in Farringdon-street. On Thursday or Friday week, I do not know the day of the month, I sold these pistols, percussion caps, and things to the prisoner—he paid me three sovereigns, and I gave him 9d. out—that was the price they were marked at in the shop—Mr. Baker was out, and I was serving.

Prisoner's Defence. My father asked me at the station what I had done with the crown-piece?—I said I did not have it—I did not say any thing about stealing the money—I did not own to it—I merely did not deny it, and from that the witnesses conceive that I admitted the robbery—I got up on the morning in question about half-past seven o'clock, and did not leave the house till past eight—my brother was then awake—I slept in the same bed with my father—it was not a very probable matter for me to take the keys out of my father's pocket, and go to the bureau while he was awake, and within two yards of where he was lying.





EDWARD STEWARTSON

re-examined. My other son is twenty-two years of age—he is here.




GUILTY
.* Aged 17.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
