




171. 




THOMAS PEARSON
 and 




HENRY STEVENS
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
11th of Nov., 1 tea-chest, value 2s. 6d.; and 35lbs. weight of tea, 9l.; the goods of 



James Whatley.—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 



John Wellings.


MR. PRENDBROAST
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN WELLINGS
. I am a porter. On the 11th of Nov. I carried two half-chests of tea, from Messrs. Stevens and Rowley, in Cannon-street, City, to Mr. Whatley's in James-street, Cannon-street-road, St. George's In the East—when I got there I went in with one of the half-chests, and placed it on the floor—I turned round, and the other half-chest was gone from my track—it was then about half-past seven o'clock in the evening—I had a list of the numbers—I was to deliver both these half-chests to Mr. Whatley—I have worked in the tea trade many years—I am not in the regular employ of any person.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Who employed you that day t A. Messrs. Stevens and Rowley—I had taken a chest for another person that same day.





JAMES WHATLEY
. I am a tea-dealer. On the 11th of Nov. I ordered
some tea from Stevens and Rowley's, in Cannon-street—Wellings brought it about half-past seven o'clock that evening, with a truck—he brought in one half-chest, and put that down, and on going to the door he made an alarm, and the other half-chest was not there—next morning I received information that some tea was found—I took a sample of the tea I had to the station, and compared it with that at the station—I looked at them, and tasted them—from the best judgment that I can form, I hate no doubt Whatever that they were the same—here is a sample of both—there were about thirty-six or thirty-seven pounds in the half-chest that was lost, and the ten that was at the station they told me weighed about twenty-nine pounds—it was in a dirty black bag.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long have you been in the trade? A. Between sixteen and seventeen years—there are hundreds of chests of the same flavour, but not so precisely as these samples are—this is cougon with a fine souchong flavour—it is a good tea—I do not believe there is any more in the market of this flavour—I bought all there was in the market of this break, as they told me—it is a fine, lively, cheerful tea—some teas are as flat as beer—there are thousands of a fine, lively, cheerful flavour, but there is a difference in the taste of all teas—I never was in China.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Have you tasted a great quantity of tea? A. I have—in my judgment these two samples resemble one another so much that I believe them to be the same—I nave seen a considerable quantity of this kind of tea—this is a particularly fine flavoured tea, so much so that I bought all I could of it—I observe that same peculiar flavour in both samples—I did not know of any other in the market—I should have bought more if I could have got it.





THOMAS WORTHINGTON SCHULTZE
. I live with my father, a bedstead

maker, in Marmaduke-street, Cannon-street, about fifty yards from the prosecutor. About half-past seven o'clock in the evening of the 11th of Nov., I saw four persons in Marmaduke-street, coming from James-street, where the prosecutor lives, and going towards John-street—one of them had a teachest on his shoulder—I looked at him, and he was exactly like the prisoner, Pearson—I did not see his face, but as I walked with him from Denmark-street to Lambeth-street, I observed his stature and his walk—Stevens is just like one of them in height, but he had a blue frock-coat on then instead of a brown one—it is Pearson's stature and walk that I speak to—there were four persons together—the two who were behind said, "You had better hook it, or else they will be after you"—they were going towards the railway, in Cannon-street-road, which would lead them to Ratcliffe-highway:—I afterwards heard that some tea had been taken from Mr. Whatley's, and I gave information in about a quarter of an hour after.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You did not see the face of any of the four men? A. No—the one I say was like Stevens in height wore a blue frock-coat.





GEORGE TREW
 (police-constable H 125.) On Friday evening, the 11th of Nov., I was in White's-row, Spitalfields, about a quarter before eight o'clock—I saw the two prisoners and another—I have not the least doubt that the prisoners were two of the three—Stevens had a black bag on his shoulder—the man who is not in custody went first, Stevens next, and then Pearson close at his heels—I walked across the way to see what they were about, and to stop them—they threw down the bag, ran away, and Stevens's hat dropped off—I took the bag, dragged it some distance, and hallooed, "Stop thief," but they got off that night—I took the bag to the station—it contained twenty-nine pounds of tea—it was shown the next morning to Mr. Whatley—I saw Pearson again the next day, but I was 100 yards from him—I did not get him then—I took him on the 16th, out of the Founder's Arms—I said I wanted him for being concerned with others, in stealing a chest of tea, on Friday night, the 11th of Nov.—he said he knew nothing at all about it—I said, "Yes, you do, you was along with Stevens, when he threw down the bag"—he said he had not seen young Stevens for the last month—I had known Stevens and Pearson before, and when I saw them I recognized them as men whom I had known before—I afterwards saw Stevens in custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. What time was it you saw them? A. About a quarter before eight o'clock, as near as I can judge—I was about seven yards from Stevens when I first saw him—they were coming towards me on the other side of the way—I did not speak to Stevens—he was not above half a minute in my sight—he made off as quick as he could when he saw me—he had a frock coat on, but what colour it was I cannot say—I saw his hat fall off, and saw his face—I have known him about twelve months—I have been in the police six years, and always in the same division—I never had any complaint against me—when I saw the prisoners, I was not aware that any thing had been stolen—there was no one with me—Stevens was apprehended on the 16th—I did not know where he lived—there was plenty of light about the spot, where I saw the prisoners—there is a gas light just opposite—I had not much time to look at them—I think I am not mistaken in them—I never made a mistake in anybody's identity—I did not notice whether Stevens had shoes or boots on.

MR. PRENDEROAST. Q. Did you know the man? A. Yes, and when his hat fell off I saw his face—I have the hat here—I put it on him afterwards, and it suited him very well—he denied that it was his—I am sure he is the man.






CORNELIUS FOAY
 (police-constable H98.) I received Information from Trew, in consequence of which I apprehended Stevens on the 16th of Nov., in East Smithfield—I was on duty on the 11th of Nov., in Cannon-street, St. George's, and saw Stevens at the corner of Cannon-street, about a quarter before seven o'clock, he was by himself—it was about three hundred yards from where the tea was stolen.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you notice hit clothes? A. No—I passed within a yard of him—I have known him nearly twelve months—I never had any misunderstanding with him—I had spoken to him about four months before—I knew him well, and am not mistaken in him.





RANDALL LITTON
. I am traveller to Stevens, Rowley, and Co., of Cannon-street—I sold two half chests of tea, which came to England by the Viscount Melbourne—I sampled them several times—this sample of tea from the station, and this from Mr. Whatley's are parts of the same tea, and I have no doubt it is the tea I sold to Mr. Whatley—it is my business to judge of teas—I very frequently sample them, and taste them.

PEARSON*—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

STEVENN-

GUILTY
.* Aged 20. 



Transported for Seven Years.

