



1353. 




JAMES DALTON



, stealing 137lbs. weight of coffee, value 5l. 14s. 2d.; and 1 bag, 2d.; the goods of the 

London Dock Company, from a dock, &c.; having been before convinced.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH JORDAN.
 I am a carman, and live at 5, Helmet-court, Upper Thames-street. On 20th April, about ten minutes before three o'clock, I was at the london Dock, with a wagon, loading with ginger, at No. 40, loop-hole—I have known the prisoner for nine years—he was for a short time in the same employ that I have been for twelve years—I was in the wagou, and I saw the prisoner chuck a bag out the loop-hole, No. 51—it fell on the ground in the kennel, about five yards from my horse's head—after he had thrown it out, he came down under the archway to the closet—he returned again from the stores of the south quay—I saw him pass ten or twelve yards from the bag—he remained in the water-closet a minute or so—he then turned and looked at the bag, and walked away—there were two or three of the Company's men there at the time—I saw the bag fall—it

made a noise when it fell—the bag was there at the time prisoner looked at it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. This was on a Thursday? A. Yes—I went to the prisoner on the Thursday Following, with an officer—I did not go up to the prisoner myself—I never had nay quarrel of fight with him nor an angry word—it is about nine years since I was in the same service with him—I have not drank with him since—I have not seen him for a long while—I have been in the hospital with a broken thigh—I did not tell the officer at the time that I saw him throw the bag out, not knowing at the time but he was employed by the Dock Company.





JOHN CUDDIFORD.
 I am labourer in the London Docks. I was in the warehouse on 20th April, I heard some one come down from No. 51 floor very quickly—I followed him down—when we got under the arch I followed him very closely—he saw me and he was confused—he made a stand all at once—I have no doubt it was the prisoner—he stood still, and then walked by me and went into the water-closet—I then saw the bag of coffee lying in the kennel—Jordan and his horse were there—I pitched the bag up against the wall—I then called up to the other workmen to know how it came there.

Cross-examined. Q. There were other people up in No. 51? A. No; no one had any right in 51—they were doing no business there—I believe the prisoner to be the man—I did not know him before—I see a great many people.





GEORGE DIX.
 I am a constable of the London Docks. I took the prisoner in custody on 27th April—I told him I charged him with stealing a bag of coffee in the London Docks on 20th April—he said he was not in the London Docks that day, he was in Katharine docks—I said, "I dare say you were in St. Katharine Docks and the London docks several times that day, but we are not going to dispute that here"—he did not belong to the London Docks.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you take him? A. On Tower-hill—the gate-keeper was with me—Jordan pointed him out to me—he did not go and speak to the prisoner, he stood at a distance.

Witness for the Defence.






GEORGE REEVES.
 I ama carman. The prisoner is a carman—On 20th April I was in Company with hia at the Brown Bear public-house, East Smithfield—it was the Thursday before he was taken—I saw him again about five minutes before there o'clock in St. Katharine Dock, when I went there to load of wine—I was there till a quarter-past four—I was up at the Custom-house, getting the order for the wine, and the prisoner came out of the Custom-house with a permit for a hogshead of tobacco—I cleared my wines, and I saw the hogshead of tobacco come out of the loop-hole—the prisoner got on the top of the van to cover the hogshead and he slipped and hurt himself—Anderson was person at the time, and I helped the prisoner out of the gate—I saw him the next day at home in his own house he said he was hurt in his hip—I saw him that day in the docks.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. Did you leave the prisoner a the Brown Bear? A. Yes; at half-past one o'clock, he was having his dinner—I did not expect to see him again at St. Katharine Docks—I did no tell him I was going there—I had my job to do when I saw him at the Brown Bear—that is about 200 yards from the London Dcoks—I have has permits to take things out of the docks—they always bear the date—the prisoner was in Mr. Plush's van—Mr. Duncan told me so—I saw him come

out of the Custom-house, which is about two minutes' run from the London Docks—I had not a watch—there is a clock at St. Katharine Docks—I looked at it when I went for my order to the Custom-house, and when I came out of the Custom-house with the prisoner, it was five minutes to three.

MR. PAYNE.
Q. Who is Mr. Duncan? A. Foreman to North and Light—he was up here last Thursday, and Mr. Plush was here on Saturday, all day.





RICHARD ANDERSON.
 I know the prisoner—I saw him on Thursday morning, 20th April, about half-past nine o'clock, at the London Docks, and about half-past three in the afternoon at St. Katharine Docks—I had been drinking all the time with him in the Brown Bear, from half-past six, and we left together about ten minutes after three—there is a clock there—I saw Mr. Duncan, who is foreman to North and Light, come and hire the prisoner—he told him to go and get the permit to get a hogahead of tobacco—he went and got it—I then helped him load it, and he fell off the van about a quarter after four—he was not in the London Docks at all from the time I was drinking with him in the Brown Bear till he came out of the docks after he had the accident—he was not in the London Docks at all—I was with him till ten minutes past three, when he went into St. Katharine Docks.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. How long were you with him at the Brown Bear? A. All the morning—we went in there to drink about half-past nine, and continued till about ten minutes after three, drinking all the time—we drank a good deal—we run through a great deal some times—I am a coal whipper—I have been in trouble in a job of Mr. Bryan's, about some hemp, but the gentleman had his hemp back again—I was tried but was acquitted—that is nearly three years ago—I have also been charged with putting some rope in a man's cart—I was turned up, they could not do anything with me—that is six years ago—I was also tried about a piece of rape, and had six months.





JOHN PLUMLEY.
 I know the prisoner—I was with him in the Brown Bose on 20th April, about twelve o'clock, having dinner—I left him there, and saw him again about twenty minutes before three, when Mr. Duncan, one of North and Light's clerks, came to employ him—North and Light are towncarmen—I did not see him again till twenty minutes to four, when I heard that he had fallen off the van—I helped to carry him home.





DANIEL RUDKINS.
 I am an officer of the London Docks. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted January, 1841, and transported for seven years)—the prisoner in the man.




GUILTY. Aged 30.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

