




934. 




HENRY WARDROP
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
24th of Jan., 150 plates, value 4l.; 150 plates of tinned iron, 4l.; 5lbs., weight of rivets, 5s.; and 4oz. weight of solder, 2d.; the goods of 



Alfred Fowler, and another, his masters: and 





WILLIAM FAY



, for feloniously receiving the same; well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-sergeant G 20.) I live in Radnor-street, St. Luke's. In consequence of information, at three o'clock on Saturday morning, the 28th of Jan., I went to Mr. Johns' house, No. 44, Radnor-street—I saw Mr. Johns there—I went with him to a back shed in the yard, and found there a wooden box with a tin box in it, with forty or fifty tin plates underneath the tin box—it was very heavy, but I did not open it then—I learned from

Johns who lodged there, but at that time he did not know his name—I left them there, and communicated with Mr. Swift, jun., and between four and five in the afternoon he accompanied me to this same place—we went into the same shed—we found the wooden box containing the tin box, and the tin plates—Mr. Swift, jun., examined the plates, and pointed out the marks to me—he identified them—I placed them in the same situation, and again left them—on Tuesday evening, the 31st of Jan., for some reason of my own, I went again, Wardrop was then in custody on another charge—I then examined it with Mr. Swift—I found the wooden box containing the tin box that had been full was then empty, and no tin plates, but there were a few tin rivets and some solder, 2l. 5s. in half-crowns, and 1s. 3 1/2 d. in copper, which I had seen previous to that, in the box—there were no half-crowns before—this is the tin box—on the 31st, Wardrop was taken into custody with twenty tin plates round his person, slung by a handkerchief attached to a loop—they were curved as they are now—in this state they travel more readily round the body—he said he lodged in Radnor-street, St. Luke's—I showed him the boxes, and asked whose they were—he said, "They are mine"—I then pointed to the tin box, and asked whose that was—he said, "Mine"—it was opened, and I said, "The tin plates are gone"—he paused for a moment, and said, "Yes"—I then said, "What is this?" pointing to a little parcel which I found wrapped up as it is now—he said, "Money"—I asked how much—he said 2l. 5s.—I again said, "The tin plates are removed"—he said, "Yes, but I did not remove them"—the tin plates I saw on the 28th were much larger than those I produce—I took him away, and as I was going, I said, "That money was not there a day or two ago"—he said, "No, I put it there last night"—I took him to the station—he wished to see Mr. Swift the elder, who was in company with me—he begged he would not transport him, and he would tell him where the tin plates had been removed to—Mr. Swift said, on no consideration would he hold him out any promise in the present state of the case—Wardrop then said they were taken to a place in Brick-lane, Spitalfields; that the did not know the party, or the number, but if he was allowed he would point us out the house—in consequence of that offer, I and Mr. Swift went—Wardrop said he stood on the opposite side, and saw the person go in with the tin plates, and come out without them—he said they were removed by him and another party from No. 44, Radnor-street—I went with him and the two Mr. Swifts to Brick-lane; a house belonging to two men named Jarman was pointed out to me—I afterwards took them, because I found six large tin plates identified by Mr. Swift in their possession—I believe I had seen those same tin plates in the box a day or two previous—Jarmans occupied the whole of the house, and are tin plate workers—on Wardrop's crossing Shoreditch, he called Mr. Swift again, and begged to say he would tell him all, if he would not transport him—before I found the plates in Jarman's house, I put some questions to Jarmau as to their having any plates there—he denied having any, or having purchased any lately—there were a number of plates there—I said I wanted the tin that was brought in last night—I took the plates and produced them before the Magistrate—I had some considerable conversation with Jarman—I was ordered by the Magistrate to give the plates up—I gave them up on the last examination—they are not here to-day—on the 1st of Feb., between one and two o'clock in the morning, I went with Mr. Swift, his son, and another constable, to a private house in Shepherdess-walk, City-road—I knocked at the door, which Fay opened—he was pointed out to me by Mr. Swift, jun.—I said, "I belong to the police, you must consider yourself in custody for some plates

from Messrs. Fowler and Swift's"—I said he had removed some tin plates from No. 44, Radnor-street, St. Luke's, to Brick-lane, last night—he said he knew nothing about it, that he was neither at Radnor-street, nor Brick-lane last night.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILD. Q. He offered no objection? A. No.





GEORGE WILLIAM JOHNS
. I am a housekeeper in Radnor-street, St. Luke's. Wardrop and his sister were lodgers of mine—on Saturday, the 28th of Jan., I had a communication with Brannan, and assisted in making an examination of the shed—on the 31st, Brannan brought Wardrop in custody, and showed him these boxes.





GEORGE EDWARDS
. I am Mr. Johns' apprentice, and live with him in Radnor-street. I know Wardrop—he lived there, and I know Fay by sight—I have seen him several times at my master's house—he came for Wardrop—the last time I saw him was Monday evening, the 30th of Jan.—I saw both prisoners together in the water-closet, by the side of the shed, about half-past eight that evening—I saw them go into the yard with a lighted candle—they staid in the yard ten minutes—they went into the water-closet—Wardrop came out, and brought the light with him from the water-closet, and went into the shed—when he got into the shed, he uncovered the wooden box, took out the tin box, unlocked it, took out the tin plates that were in that box, and then took out the tin plates that were in the wooden box that the tin box stood upon—after locking the tin box, he placed it back again, and covered it up as it was before, with the lid of the wooden box and a carpet—he brought the tin plates across the yard to Fay, who was waiting in the water-closet to receive them—when he took them to the water-closet, I heard Wardrop say, "Don't make such a noise, Bill, counting them"—I heard them rattle as though they were counting them; shortly after Fay came out of the water-closet with the tin plates—Wardrop went up stairs with the light, and Fay went along the passage into the street, down Radnor-street, towards Bath-street, in a direction that would lead to Brick-lane—Wardrop came down stairs again, and followed after Fay—they joined company, and went away in the direction leading to Brick-lane.

Cross-examined. Q. You say they joined company—did you keep them in your eye? A. Yes—I was standing on the pavement—the first time I saw Fay was about a month before the 30th of Jan.—I do not think I had ever seen him previous to that month—I have seen him two or three times when he came to Mr. Johns to see Wardrop—I did not open the door to him—I have been in the passage and at the shop-door when he has come to ask for Wardrop—I do not remember hearing him ask for Wardrop until the 30th of Jan.—I was in the shop that evening at the time I first heard Fay come to the door—I could not see the yard or water-closet from the shop—I went to the back parlour, and will swear I could see into the water-closet—the door is nearly opposite to the parlour window—at one time the door of the water-closet was open, at another time partly open, at another time quite shut—I could not see the whole of the interior of the water-closet—it was quite a dark night—the door was open when the prisoners went in—I saw no one else there—I had helped to clean the parlour windows a month before—the direction leading to Brick-lane is a general thoroughfare to the eastern part of London—Fay had a black hat on, and a short fustian jacket of a lightish colour, his trowsers were of a darker colour—the parlour window is three yards and a half from the water-closet.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had you been made acquainted with what was suspected beforehand? A. I had—I do not know the number of plates Fay

was carrying down the street—they were very heavy, I saw, by the way he carried them.





ROBERT FOWLER SWIFT
. I am the son of Richard Swift—he is in partnership in the tin plate business with Alfred Fowler, in St. John-street—Mr. Johns gave us information, in consequence of which I went with Brannan, on the 28th of Jan., to 44, Radnor-street—I found in the shed in the yard a wooden box, the tin box, and the plates underneath—the plates belonged to my father and Mr. Fowler—I identified them, and pointed out some marks on them to the officer, and told him they had passed through a roller; the effect of that would be to curve them, and they would be convenient to make articles, and to fit the body, if any one took them away—they appeared to have been straightened before they were put there—I can state, on my oath, that they were the property of my father and Mr. Fowler—there was 1s. 3 1/2 d. in money in the tin box—I opened it, though it was locked—the platet in that box were my father's and his partner's—I saw it again on the 31st—there were then 2l. 5s. in half-crowns in it, and a piece of solder—I went with the officer to a house in Brick-lane, Spitalfields, kept by Jarman and Son, who are tin-plate workers (we supply tin-plate workers largely) I went into Jarmans', followed by an officer—some questions were put to them about the tins, and they denied having purchased any—some plates were found, and my father pointed out six plates on their bench in the workshop as his—I am sure they were my father's and his partner's; and they were the same I had seen before in the box—I should say that on the 28th there were one hundred and fifty plates belonging to my father.

Cross-examined.
Q. What is the firm? A. Fowler and Swift—we do an extensive business—I will not undertake to say what quantity of plates we have sold out—I am sure these were not sold—we sell them in boxes—I know that these tins had not come from boxes which were sold, because these had been passed through rollers—we never sold any tins like these—ours is not the only factory that make these kind of plates, or that use the rollers—there would be no distinction between our tins and the tins of other factors that use the rollers—they would not have been passed through the rollers in this state for any legitimate purpose—we never use the roller unless they are in a partly manufactured state; and these plates were in the original state in which they came from the manufactory.

COURT. Q. How came these to have the shape of the roller? A. I believe for the purpose of being put round the body—I believe the operation of going through the rollers had been done at our house—Wardrop had access to the plates, and was in the habit of sorting them out—he had been engaged by us about two months—the plates I saw were worth about sixpence each—I have no means of knowing them except from their being curved.





JOSEPH SHACKLE
 (police-inspector G.) On Tuesday evening, the 27th of Jan., I received information from Johns, and gave Brannan directions to go to the house and examine some boxes—on the 31st I saw Wardrop brought to the station in custody—I sent Brannan to Jarmans, and he brought some tin plates—Wardrop begged of me to intercede for him, and hoped Mr. Swift would not transport him—he said the plates that were taken to Jarman's were his master's property—he said that in the hearing of the whole of the prisoners—the two Jarmans were then there—Fay did not say anything.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you certain as to the presence of Fay? A. Yes, on account of the number of prisoners then at the station Fay was sent to Clerkenwell station; and it was after he was brought back, and the other prisoners out, that this conversation took place, but it had also taken place previous to that, over and over again—he begged the prosecutor would not

prosecute him—that if he would not transport him he would tell him the truth.





ROBERT FOWLER SWIFT

re-examined. I knew Fay at this time—he had left in June—he had been in our service during part of the time Wardrop was there—he had been there to ask for work since Wardrop has been in our employ—we employ a great number of men—I have heard that Fay is related to Jarman.

Wardrop's Defence. I am very sorry for what I had done, and throw myself on the mercy of the Court.

MR. WILDE
called






MARY ANN ALLISTON
. I live in Gress-street, Rathbone-place, Oxford-street. On Monday, the 30th of Jan., Fay came to my house with a young man, twenty minutes past seven in the evening, and remained there till eleven o'clock.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are you married? A. Yes—my husband is servant to Mr. Pritchard, who keeps a livery stable in Percy-street—he lives with me at home—he was not at home on this Monday—he went out of town on Monday morning as a valet with Captain Hazlewood, who was going to be married—he was to return to his service again—I do not keep this house in Gress-street, only the parlours—I have no servants or children—I let Fay in myself, and Bailey the witness, who is outside, was with him—it was about twenty or twenty-five minutes past seven o'clock—I cannot remember what sort of a night it was, it if so long ago—I do not remember their being wet—I cannot recollect whether they were wet or dry—they came both together—they came on a visit—they were going to the theatre with me and my husband, but my husband going out on Monday morning, they stopped and spent the evening with me—Fay is a tin plate worker—I never saw Wardrop, Fay had been out of business about three months, he kept a shop—I believe he is a relation of the Jarmans—I do not know anything about them—I have been there, but not for the last few years—I remember their being in custody, and Mr. Heritage applying for the six plates—I was at Worship-street—I believe Jarmans to be Fay's aunt and uncle, I do not know—I am Fay's sister—my brother and Bailey were not doing anything particular at my house—they smoked in my room all the time—I was doing needle-work—Bailey went out for a little while for some half-and-half—Bailey does not live in the house—he is no relation of mine—I have known him some years—he is a printer—I met him as I was coming to the Court to-day—I saw him last Sunday morning at Mr. Thomas's, at Shepherdess-walk—Mr. Thomas is a gentleman my brother had the shop of, and lodged with some time—I went there to see Thomas—I did not go for anything particular—it was about eleven o'clock—I live about three miles from Thomas—I met Bailey by accident in James-street, Susannah-row—I did not expect to see him—we talked about various things—I said I should be at Fay's trial, and I thought it a very great shame that he should be taken up and be innocent—he said it was a very bad job—he said nothing else, and we went to Mr. Thomas—he stayed there with me, and came with me to the top of Shepherdess-walk, and there I got into an omnibus—I have told all that passed between me and Bailey on that occasion—I had seen him, after I was at Worship-street, before Sunday morning—there were four examinations on this—I was not there at the first examination—I did not know of it till the evening—I was at all the others and so was Bailey—he did not go with me, I met him there by accident—the Jarmans were there, but not with me—I have not been friendly with them for some years—Mrs. Jarman is my aunt, but I have nothing to do with her—I saw Mr. Heritage this morning

and the night before last—I went to Heritage's house in the City-road, on Sunday morning, about ten o'clock, with Bailey—I forgot that before—I was there a very few minutes—it was eleven when I got to Thomas's—I went to see Mr. Heritage about this business—I talked it over—I do not know how long I staid, it might have been a quarter of an hour—I expected to meet Bailey there—he bad appointed to meet me there—I cannot say what day he made the appointment—I do not know whether it was the day before—my brother had been committed three weeks.

Q. Did you not tell the Jury just now that except having seen Bailey at the house of Thomas, and then at the Magistrate's, you had not seen him? A. I had forgotten it—I had made the appointment to meet him there, but I met him on the way—I had made the appointment on Thursday or Friday evening—my husband was not at home—I lived as barmaid at the King William the Fourth public-house in Shepherdess-walk—that is two years ago—my brother afterwards kept a shop opposite the King William the Fourth—he ceased to keep it about three months ago—he kept it four or five months—Wardrop did not live there with him—I did not know him till I went to Clerkenwell prison to see my brother, and he pointed out Wardrop to me—he was in the same ward with him.

MR. WILD. Q. You made an appointment to go and see Mr. Heritage on Sunday? A. Yes—Bailey could not go out on week-days—he is a printer, and at the latter end of the month he is busy—that was the reason for appointing Sunday morning—Mr. Heritage lives in the City-road, not a great way from Shepherdess-walk—I was present when Wardrop and Fay were before the Magistrate—I was there with Mr. Heritage—I went as a witness—I told this to Mr. Heritage, and he said I had better reserve it till the trial—I went to give the testimony I have to-day.

COURT. Q. When was it you were before the Magistrate, and saw Wardrop? A. On the second hearing, which is three weeks ago—it was on the Thursday before I went up before the Magistrate that Wardrop was pointed out to me in Clerkenwell prison.





RICHARD BAILEY
. I am a printer, in the employ of Messrs. Haddon and Co., of Castle-street. I was so on the 30th of Jan.—I know Fay—he has a sister, Mrs. Mary Ann Alliston—I went with Fay to his sister's, on the 30th of Jan.—he came down to me at half-past six o'clock, and I suppose it was twenty minutes past seven when we got to Mrs. Alliston's—we remained there till eleven.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. I suppose you have a watch? A. No—I took notice of the watch at Mrs. Alliston's, which hung over the mantel-piece—I made an observation on it—I said, "Wardrop, the omnibus did not stop long in coming," and he looked at the watch, and said, "It is twenty minutes after seven"—I said, "I see the time"—I found Mrs. Alliston at home when I got there—it was rather a damp evening under foot—it did not rain—I was invited to go there by Mr. and Mrs. Alliston on the Sunday week before—I had been there five or six times before—I had been there about seven o'clock in the evening and staid till eleven before, but not more than once—I never took particular notice of the time before—I had been an acquaintance of Fay's about four years—I knew him when he kept a tin-shop—I have seen Wardrop there—it was after Mrs. Alliston had left the William the Fourth—I had seen her at Fay's shop once or twice—I had not seen them together—we havebeen there to have a glass of something to drink—I do not suppose I was in Wardrop's company above once or twice, and that was at the shop—I never saw Mrs. Alliston and him at the shop—I do not know the Jarmans—I did not

know that they were Fay's aunt and uncle—I do not know any of his relations—when we were at Mrs. Alliston's we were talking about things—when I said it was just twenty minutes past seven o'clock, she asked what time I left, and I said at half-past six—she said, "You have not been long coming"—they were then talking about family affairs—I did not join much in the conversation—she asked how I was off for work, and all that.

Q. Did she give you any supper? A. Yes, some bread and cheese and celery—we supped about nine o'clock—we had some half-and-half and smoked a pipe before supper—Mrs. Alliston set out the supper—we did not expect supper—she bad nothing for supper; but she said she would get some cheese out of the cupboard, and we ate it—I had fetched the half-and-half, and I fetched some more after supper—I saw nobody but Mrs. Alliston and my companion Fay—I had expected to see Mr. Alliston, but when we got there Mrs. Alliston said he was out with his master, somewhere in Essex—I did not hear the master's name—it was the master he was employed by—I had seen Mrs. Alliston at her house on the Sunday week before—I went merely to see her—I generally accompanied Fay there.

Q. You went to the Magistrate's, did not you? A. No, I did not go to the Magistrate's on this charge—I did not go any where—I did not go before Mr. Broughton while Fay was in charge—I was up there, but they said it was no use—it was the attorney that was employed for Fay—I do not know whether ther same gentleman was employed for Jarman—the reason I know he was the attorney was, Mrs. Alliston and I were together—the first time I saw the attorney was on the last Saturday, up at Worship-street—that was the first time I had been to the Justice—Mrs. Alliston then spoke to the attorney, and he said it was no use coming up now he was committed to Newgate, and it would be best to come up here—I came here to-day because I was asked by Mrs. Alliston.

Q. Where did you see her? A. On Sunday morning she came down to my residence, at No. 2, Norfolk-place, Curtain-road, at past ten o'clock, and I went with her as far as Shepherdess-walk—I saw Mr. Thomas there—we went to see if he could do any good, if he would come up to speak for his character—Mr. Thomas keeps a green-grocer's shop—we staid about half an hour—I then walked with her to the City-road, and she took the omnibus.

COURT. Did you see the attorney that day? A. Yes; we called at his house that Sunday morning a little after eleven o'clock—we called at the attorney's first, and then went right on to Thomas's—when I said Mrs. Alliston called on me, and we went to Thomas's, I had forgotten that we called on the attorney first—he lives about five minutes' walk from Mr. Thomas's—we staid at the attorney's about five minutes, and then went on to Mr. Thomas's—Mrs. Alliston's room is a middling size, nor very large nor very small—the Watch hangs over her mantel-piece—it is a small silver watch—I suppose they call it a lady's watch—no one called while we were there—Fay did not go out to fetch anything to eat or to drink—the celery was backwards in the yard, I think—Mrs. Alliston went backwards to get it—the bread and cheese was in the cupboard—she said her husband was gone with his master—she did not say anything about a funeral or a wedding.

WARDROP—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

FAY—


GUILTY
 Aged 23.




Transported for seven years.


Sixth Jury, before 


Edward Bullock, Esq.

