



1522. 




CATHERINE MURPHY



, feloniously stabbing, cutting, and wounding 



William Reynolds, with intent to maim and disable him.






WILLIAM REYNOLDS
. On 10th Aug., at seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came into my shop and bought six yards of print and three yards of calico of my wife—I was not in the shop, but could see her—my wife called me forward—I went, and the prisoner said she had paid my wife for a dress—I said, "Where did you put the money?"—she said she had put it on the counter—I said, if so, I would clear the counter and look for it—I was clearing the counter, there was no money there—I then said I would send for policeman, to see where the money was, as I could not allow it to pass without finding the money—she said, "Send for a policeman for me, will you; I will soon put a stop to that"—I was on the same side of the counter as her and she struck me on the head several blows, apparently with her hand—I pushed her from me, she ran forward to me again, and I then saw a ife in her hand—I laid hold of her wrist, and when she found she could not knife in her hand away she tried to bite me—she had cut me before this—my wife had gone to the door to send for a policeman—when she came back I told her to get the knife from her, and she got it from her with great difficulty—I held the prisoner till a policeman came and took her—she cut me and bit me on the shoulder—I bled considerably for nearly half-an-hour.





MARY ANN REYNOLDS
. I am the prosecutor's wife. The prisoner came to the shop, I served her with a dress, and as soon as I told her they came to 4s. 3d. she said, "I have paid you"—I looked on the counter, and there was no money there—I called my husband and said, "This person says she has paid me; I have never seen any money with her, and have had none from her"—my husband said, "Where did you put it?"—she said, "I put it on the counter"—he said, "I will look for it"—he cleared the counter, and there was no money there—he then said I must fetch a policeman—I saw the prisoner spring at my husband and hit him on the head—I did not know she had a knife—I ran to the door to get assistance, and when I came back my husband was bleeding—I then went to his assistance—he said she had got a knife, and I took it from her—the policeman has it, this is it (produced)





MARTHA MURRAY
. I live near the prosecutor. On 10th Aug., about four o'clock, I saw the prisoner in Bishopsgate-street near my stall—she sharpened a knife on the end of the flag-stone—she sat there about an hour and a half or two hours—I got up to serve a customer, and afterwards missed her—I did not see her till she came past with a policeman.





JOHN SCOTT
 (City-policeman, 626). I was called to the prosecutor's shop—I found him and the prisoner there—this knife was found at the station by a policeman, who is not here.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.



Before Mr. Justice Erle.

