




1952. 




HENRY PAGE
 and 




JOHN JONES
 were indicted for

stealing 25lbs. weight of mutton, value 15s.; and 25lbs. weight of beef, 15s.; the goods of 




Joseph Orger; and that Jones had been previously convicted of felony.






JAMES BREWER
 (policeman 70 P.) On the 29th of August, at half-past one o'clock, I was on duty in Surrey-buildings, Kent-road-there is a shed where water-carts are kept—I was coming through the buildings, and I turned my light on the shed to see if anybody was sleeping there, as it was sometimes not locked—I saw a quantity of butcher's meat there-mutton and bee£ several joints—I concealed myself to watch, and the prisoners came for it about half-past four o'clock—one spoke to the other as they came in—I do not know which it was—he said, "Here it is all right; you put it in, and I will go to the water—closet"—Jones went into the water-closet where I was concealed—I shut them both in the shed till I got assistance—I asked Page where he got that meat from—he was quite astonished at first—he then said, "I know nothing about the meat"—Jones said, "I only came here to ease myself"—they both had baskets—nobody could see the meat without a light—they must come round a door to find it—I generally turn my light on there-the shed has a barred gate to it, and there are bolts—sometimes it is locked and sometimes not—when I first saw the meat the doors were dosed, but neither locked nor bolted.

Prisoner Page. We were coming from market, Jones said he wanted to ease himself; I said you can go in here; I stood looking at the meat; I did not

know what the policeman shut me in for. Witness. It must have been Page said, "Here it is all right," because Jones said, "I must go to the water closet"—they could not see me.

Prisoner Jones. I was going to market; I went straight into the watercloset; another policeman came and dragged me off. Witness. He brought the basket right into the shed against the meat, and if he had not come into the water-closet, the other was in the act of stooping to take it up, to put it in the basket—he had not put it into the basket—Jones came into the water, closet instantly—they had not time to put anything in the basket.





WILLIAM JACKSON
 (policeman.) I was on the watch, and saw the prisoners turn up the court with two baskets—I heard a rattle springing—I went to Brewer's assistance—this shed could not be in the prisoner's way to any place—it is out of the road, and the water—closet belongs to a house—you must go to the shed to get to it, but it is no thoroughfare-the watercloset is not visible as you pass along.





THOMAS ORGER
. I live with my father, Joseph Orger, a butcher. Brewer showed me two legs and a shoulder of mutton, and two pieces of beef—I knew them to be my father's—they had been placed in an out-house in the Kent-road, ten or twelve yards from this shed—we have a slaughter-house—the legs of mutton were outside in our shed—not the shed in question, it joins the slaughter-house—they could get the meat by getting over the garden wall and over three or four fences.

Jones's Defence. I wished to go to the water-closet; he would have taken anybody else that went into the water-closet; we had the baskets for water-cresses.





JAMES BREWER

re-examined. I should have taken anybody else who came to the water-closet in the way they did—one basket is called a shallow, and the other a grocer's basket—they would contain the meat—Page had two cloths in his pockets—I never saw them selling water-cresses—it was half a mile out of the road to any market—they were searched—I found no money on them to go to the market with, only a knife and a key.

Jones. I had 3s. in my waistcoat pocket. Witness. I searched them particularly—neither of them had a farthing.





SAMUEL WRIGHT
 (policeman P 172.) I produce a certificate of Jones former conviction from the Surrey Sessions (read Convicted Dec., 1844, having then been before convicted of felony)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.

JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.——

Transported for Seven Years.
PAGE—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined One Year.

