



2354. 




WILLIAM HOLLAND
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
24th of August, 1 bag, value 6d.; and 14 lbs. 2 oz. weight of silk, 15l., the goods of 



William Englebutt.—2nd COUNT, of 



John Vanner, and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM ENGLEBUTT
. I am a silk-winder, and live in Elizabeth-street, Hackney-road—on the 24th of August, 1842, I weighed 14 lbs. 2 oz. of silk, and gave it to James Fitch, to take to my own residence in Elizabeth-street—it was put into a bag—Fitch was afterwards brought back by the police, and gave me information about the robbery—the silk has never been found—it was worth 15l. 7s.





JAMES FITCH
. I received this silk from the prosecutor in August, 1842, to take to his house—as I was returning home, when I was in Old Castle-street, the prisoner stopped me and said he came from Mr. Vanner, I was to come back, for Mr. Englebutt had given me the wrong work—as I was turning back he said he was going back to the warehouse, he would carry part of it—I gave him part—he stopped to make water—I stopped—he told me to go on—he followed me, and when he got to the end of Castle-street, he and the silk were gone—I put my bag down, and asked some one to take care of it while I ran after the prisoner—I was not able to see him—I am quite sure he is the person.

Prisoner. Q. What dress had the person on? A. A plum-coloured coat and corduroy trowsers—I saw you again at the station—I was not a minute looking at you before I knew you.





MARY ANN VEALE
. I live with my father, who keeps a public-house. On the 24th of August, 1842, I saw the prisoner running down New Castle-street, with a black bag on his shoulder—I am quite sure he is the man—Fitch was crying.

Prisoner. Q. Had you ever seen me before? A. No—I saw you at Worship-street—I know you by your features—you crossed from the Feathers and ran up Newcastle-street—you had on a plum-coloured coat, a hat, and white corduroy trowsers.





JAMES FITCH
 (re-examined.) My bag was white—the prisoner put it into a black bag he had with him.





GEORGE TREW
 (police-constable H 125.) I took the prisoner in charge.





GEORGE TEAKLE
 (police-serjeant H 8.) I saw Fitch that day—he described the prisoner exactly to me as he does now—it corresponded with the prisoner—I have been after him from that time to this, but was unable to find him.

Prisoner. Fitch states that he gave it to a person that put it in the bag,

and the person said he came from Mr. Vanner—how could I find it out—I assure you I am innocent.
(City police-constable, No. 537.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported Ten Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner for assaulting the officer.)
