



764. 




JOHN BROWN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of January, 1 crown, and 8 shillings, the monies of 



James William Wells, from the person of 



Mary Wells; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






MARY WELLS
. I am the wife of James William Wells, of Swinton-street, Gray's Inn-lane—he is a sailor. On the 15th of January I went into a pork-shop in Tottenham Court-road—as I stood at the counter I felt a drag at my pocket, turned round, and found my pocket outside my dress—I charged the prisoner, who was behind, with robbing me—he said, "I have not," and called, "Mother"—I said he had no mother, and held him till the policeman came and took him—I had felt my pocket just before I got into the shop—I then had a crown-piece and a quantity of shillings and sixpences—only two shillings and a sixpence were left.





SAMUEL HARDING
. I now live in Ormond-street, Queen's-square. At the time in question, I lived with my father in Upper Seymour-street—I

saw the prisoner and some others lurking about the prosecutor's shop—I afterwards saw him go into Tottenham Court-road, in company with others, and at last saw him go into a pork-shop—the men who were with him went into the next shop, which is a shoe-shop—I saw them make two or three attempts to take things—I gave information, and a policeman was called, who I saw take a crown-piece, eight shillings, and some copper from the prisoner's hand which was next to the prosecutrix's pocket—he claimed it as his own, and said there was a crown-piece, half-a-crown, and three shillings—I had seen him and the others go to several shops, and I cautioned the pork-shop keeper directly he entered the shop.





WILLIAM BAYSON
 (police-constable E 76.) I was called into the porkshop—the prosecutrix was holding the prisoner by the collar, and charged him with robbing her—I found in his hand a crown-piece, eight shillings, two sixpences, and a farthing—he said it was his own—I asked him at the station what money I had taken from him—he said a crown-piece, half-a-crown, and three shillings—there was no half-crown among it—I found some onions, coffee, a screw-driver, 5 1/2 d., and a sixpence on him.





JOHN KNIGHT
 (City police-constable, No. 365.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I know the prisoner to be the person—I was present ae his trial. 


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.
