




1962. 




ALICE M'LEAN
 was indicted for

 stealing 1 watch, value 8l.; the goods of 



Frederick Leopold Slater, from his person; and




WILLIAM M'LEAN



 as an accessory after the fact; Alice M' Lean having been before convicted of felony.






FREDERICK LEOPOLD SLATER.
 On the 25th of July, at half-past eleven o'clock, I was coming down the Commercial-road—Alice M' Lean and another female spoke to me, we went to a public-house and drank—we came out, they still stopped, and kept talking to me—the other woman then left—I felt for my watch, and it was gone—I said to Alice M' Lean, "You have been taking my watch"—she said, "No, it must be the old woman"—I said I would give her in charge—she begged and prayed, and went down on her knees, and said she would give me the watch—she took me down to Bluegate-fields, and said to an old woman there, "Will you go and see if Mr. So-and-So is there"—she went, came back, and said he was not—Alice M' Lean then ran to a door-way—I ran, caught her by the shoulder, just in the door-way, pulled her into the street, and called "Police!"—William M' Lean then came out, struck me, and knocked me down—I am sure the prisoners are the persons.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY.
Q. There was another woman with Alice M' Lean? A. Yes—she was away when I missed my watch, and Alice M' Lean said she would try and find the old woman—I lost my watch in Sutton-street, not more than half a mile from where William M'Lean knocked me down—he said, "What are you doing with this woman?" and said he was a policeman.





WILLIAM CHARLES POTTER
 (policeman K 212.) I went to 4, Bluegate-fields, and found the two prisoners, and another man in bed—I said to Slater, "Which is it"—he said, "This is the man, and this is the woman"—the woman was undressed, the man had his coat off—I said they must go to the station, the woman for robbing Slater, and the man for striking him—the man said he never struck a man in his life—the woman was going to put on a bonnet and shawl that were there—Slater said, "It is no use your putting on that bonnet and shawl; this is the bonnet and shawl you had on before."





JAMES JOHN BLAKE
 (policeman K 137.) I produce a certificate of Alice M' Lean's former conviction—(read—Convicted on the 8th of May, 1843; and confined one year)—she is the person.

ALICE M'LEAN—


GUILTY. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven years.


WILLIAM M'LEAN—


NOT GUILTY.

