



1046. 




CHARLES LEE



, robbery with violence on 



Benjamin Hatfield, and stealing from his person 1 half-crown, 2 shillings, 1 sixpence, 9 pence, and 18 halfpence, his moneys; having been before convicted.


MESSRS'. BODKIN
and
CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.






BENJAMIN MORRISS
. I live in Walworth. On 18th March, 1848, the day of the great meeting on Kennington-common, I saw 300 or 400 persons leave the common, and go in the direction of Thomas-street, near Mr. Lyon's, the bakers—the prisoner was the ringleader—he stood in front of them with a club, which he waved, and the mob left Mr. Lyon's, and went down Thomas-street after him—I afterwards saw them in Southampton-street, Camberwell—they began smashing Mr. Hatfield's, the tailor, windows—the prisoner was waving his club there in front of them.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Waving his stick is all he seems to have done? A. Yes—I had not seen him before to know him—there were two or three other dark men there, of course—I was. at the former trial, two black men were tried then—I next saw the prisoner at Maidstone jail—Quinnear showed him to me—I was always positive of him—I am an engineer—I worked at Mr. Carter's, but lost my place through coming here before—I was not very cross about it—it was a very good place—I am not a Chartist—I went to see the meeting—I did not go there housebreaking—I am nineteen years old.






BENJAMIN HATFIBLD
. I am a tailor. In March, 1848, I had a shop in Southampton-street, Camberwell—part of "the front was plate glass—in consequence of something I heard on 13th March, about twelve o'clock, or a little after, I began to shut up my shop—while doing so, from 300 to 500 people came up, with the prisoner at their head—he had a club, or large piece of paling—some of them commenced breaking my windows—I had goods there—the prisoner said, "You b----, give us your money?"—some one else said, "We must have money, we are starving"—I attempted to get some money out of my pocket, for fear—the prisoner laid hold of me by one hand by the collar, and put his other into my cash pocket—he had some difficulty in getting it out, because he doubled his hand—the pocket was torn, and the money fell on the pavement, shillings, half-crowns, and halfpence—there was a great scuffle to get it—I fell down by a push—some one said, "Let us have the b----'s cloth"—some cloth was taken—the window was in the greatest confusion, and was broken—they went off towards Peckham—the prisoner dropped the paling when he laid hold of me.

Cross'examined. Q. Had you ever seen him before? A. No; I saw him for a few minutes—I was somewhat agitated—I next saw him at Lambeth Court, three weeks or a month ago, and identified him—he was mixed with other people—I knew him by the peculiarity of his features, and by my keeping my eye upon him while he had his hand in my pocket, not became he was dark—I never expressed a doubt about it—I know that two dark men were convicted at the last trial.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Were not those men negroes? A. They were quite different from the prisoner.





THOMAS IRELAND
. I am a tailor. In March, 1848, I was Mr. Hatfield's foreman—I was assisting him to put up the shutters when the mob came—the prisoner closed with Mr. Hatfield, made a plunge at him, and said, "We must have money"—I found them all on the ground scrambling for money—they then all followed the prisoner round the corner, saying "We must have money"—Mr. Hatfield said, "My friends, I cannot give you more than I have got, I will try to get you some"—the prisoner said,"D----you, why don't you give us some more?"—Mr. Hatfield called out to a neighbour to lend him half-a-crown—Mayney and Bailey, who were convicted here, laid hold of me—when the prisoner laid hold of Mr. Hatfield the paling fell—he afterwards picked up a stick, and said, "On! my lads," and they commenced breaking Mr. Priestly's shop.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner before? A. No—it was three or four minutes taking place—I recognized him when they went on the road, and came back again—I was rather frightened.

MR. CLERK. Q. Did you see them come back? A. Fart of them, and I said, "There goes the man."





JOHN SERMAIN
. I was with Mr. Hatfield, and saw the prisoner hold him by the collar and take his money—I did not know the prisoner before—I saw him again when they came back from Mr. Grey's with two more, who have not yet been taken—I have no doubt he is the man—I noticed two scars on his neck as he held Mr. Hatfield.

Cross-examined. Q. You knew you were going to see a dark man when you went with Quinnear? A. I heard it was Gipsy Lee—I knew him by his walk—I noticed it when they came back from Mr. Grey's.





BARNABUS CHARLES BLESSED
. I am a shoemaker, of Southampton-street. I saw the prisoner ahead of the mob pass my shop after they left Mr. Hat-field's—he was carrying a paling, and beckoning with it to come on.


Cross-examined. Q. You had never seen him before? A. I think I have.





GEORGE CORBETT
. I was in South-street, which runs into Southampton-street, and saw the mob—the prisoner was a little in advance of two dark men, who were convicted here—he appeared to be captain, or ringleader, of the mob—he had a piece of wood in his hand—I have not the least doubt of him.

Cross-examined. Q. How many dark men were there? A. I saw three—I have not expressed the least doubt at to the prisoner—I saw him about three minutes.

MR. CLERK. Q. Were the other two dark men anything like the prisoner? A. No, they were black men—one was a caste man with curly hair, and the, other was much darker—one was Black Ben,





THOMAS ALLISON
. I am an undertaker. On 13th March I saw the prisoner in Southampton-street—I saw him attack Mr. Grey's—he was one of the head of the mob, and had a short hammer in his hand.





WILLIAM MORTON
. I am superintendent of the Tunbridge-wells police—I took the prisoner at Maidstone gaol, in Feb., and told him he was charged with being concerned in the Chartist riots, and the robbery at Mr. Grey's, Southampton-street, Camberwell—he said, "I can prove I was in the hospital at the time"—on the road to London he said, "I am not so much surprised as you may expect; some people say there is no truth in dreams, but there is a b----sight of truth in them: I dreamt two nights that you were coming for me; I believe I was at Dover at the time," and afterwards he said he was at Tunbridge-wells—I noticed the scars on each side of his neck.





WILLIAM LANGMSAD
. I am a shoemaker, at Peck ham. On 13th Feb. I was drunk, and was at the Lambeth police-court; I was fined 5s.—I could not pay it, and was locked up—I was in the cell when the prisoner was brought in—he said, "There is a young b----of a boy that knows me"—he told me he was blamed more for the robbery than he was guilty of; that he was in the gang; that he did not pick Mr. Hatfield's pocket, but he held him while the others did it.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you drunk then? A. No; I had been there all night—I have only been locked up once.





GEORGE QUINMEAR
 (police-sergeant, P 1.) On 13th March, 1848, I was on duty at the Scotland-yard station—I had to go home to Walworth in the evening, between six and seven o'clock, and met the prisoner near Lock's-fields, coming in a direction from Camberwell, with a young man—I went next day to where I supposed he lived, and could not find him—I hive been endeavouring to find him, from that time, but without success, until I heard he was in Maidstone gaol—I had known him four or five years, and was in the habit of seeing him in the neighbourhood daily—I never saw him there after that.
----MADDEN. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction (read—convicted July, 1839; confined six months).





WILLIAM SHEPPARD
. I am taskmaster at the House of Correction, at Lewes—the prisoner is the man who was confined under that sentence—I was present when he was tried, and had charge of him afterwards.

Cross-examined. Q. It was ten years ago? A. Nine years last July; I have a distinct recollection of him.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.-


Transported for Life. (There was another indictment against the prisoner.)


Before Mr. Baron Platt.

