



940. 



MARGARET DOOLAN
 was indicted

for feloniously and maliciously taking away 



John Swan, aged eleven weeks, with intent to deprive his parents, 



James Swan, and 



Caroline, his wife, of the possession of the said child—2nd COUNT: with intent to steal 1 shirt, value 4d.; 2 rollers, 3d.; the property of James Swan; and 1 bed-gown, 5d.; the property of 



Jane Deane, on and about the person of the said child.







CAROLINE SWAN
. I am the wife of James Swan. We lodge in Play-house-yard, in the parish of St. Luke—my husband is a brush-maker—on the 15th of Feb, I went to the Spotted Dog, in Tottenham-court-road—I had my child with me, which is now in my arms—his name is John Swan—I sat down in front of the bar—in a few minutes the prisoner cane in and sat down by the side of me—I had then drank about half of my ale—the prisoner said, "You have a baby"—I said, "Yes"—she said, "How old might it be?"—I said, "It will be three months old on Monday week"—she looked at it—I told her it was a boy—she said,'" Pretty little fellow, he don't look so old"—she then said she had a sister who lived at No. 15, London-street, who had got a very hard place, and that she was going to leave that night, that the mistress she lived under was a very severe, cross old lady, and she said would I be so kind as to call and tell her sister she was waiting for her—I told her I did not mind—we then came out of ttte Spotted Dog and walked down to London-street—she then asked me if I would have part of half a quartern of rum—I said I did not mind—we went to the Globe and called for the run, which she paid for—she poured me out a glass which I drank—she refused drinking her part, and said sfee would let it be till I came back—I then said, "I will go to your sister and deliver the message"—she said, "I will hold the baby till you come btck,"—I said, "No, I will take the baby with me, as it is such a little distance," but she put out her bands and took the child out of my arms—I went to the house to which she directed me, and inquired for the name she told me to ask for—when the gentleman came he told me I was wrong, that there was no servant going to leave that night—I came back to die public-house, and the prisoner was gone and my baby—I went directly to the station, and told the inspector—I described the prisoner and the clothes she had on, and also my baby—I saw no more of the prisoner till the 19th of March, when I was crossing from Soho to come into Crown-street, about nine o'clock at night—the prisoner was crossing to meet me—we met face to face—she stood and looked at me—I stood, I could not speak, I was so flurried—she looked at me again and then she ran—I chased her through several streets—she was exhausted with running, and I caught hold of her by her shoulder—she said, "What do you want with me?"—I said, "You are the woman that robbed me of my baby"—she straggled to get from me and said, "You wretch, you are wrong, I have got no baby"—there was a little boy standing by, about twelve years of age—I said, "My good boy, will you look for a policeman?—there were three women standing there—I said, "Women, women, for God's sake help me to hold this woman, she is the woman that robbed me of my baby a few weeks ago"—they never offered to assist me, and the prisoner struggled and got from me—she ran up a court and I saw no more of her that night—I went to the station and gave information that I had seen her—on the 21st of March I went again to the station—an officer went with me up and down the streets, and at last we went to a house in Crown-street, which I think is No. 28—I went up two pair of stairs, knocked at the room door, and asked for the name they had told me to ask for—the prisoner opened the door—she said, "There is no such person lives here; get out," and shut the door in my face—I called up the constable—he went into the room, and I went behind him—the prisoner

said to me, "You wretch, what do you want?"—I said, "My baby; you are the woman that stole it"—she said, "I have got no baby but my own"—the constable asked her if she had got a baby—she said, "Yes, on the bed"—he said, "I must look at it"—he looked at it and said to me, "Mrs. Swan, come and look if this is your baby"—I looked and knew my baby directly—I said, "My God, that is my baby! O you hussey, for robbing me of my baby"—it was this baby which I have now in my arms—the prisoner offered to strike me, but the officer stood before me—she insisted on my leaving the room—I did so, leaving the constable in the room and the baby—I saw the prisoner was such a desperate woman that I thought she would either kill me or my baby if I offered to touch it—the constable called to me and said, "Mrs. Swan, you must go down to the station and fetch another constable," which I did—they then told me to go to the station and they would bring the woman—when I got there the prisoner came and brought my baby with her—the inspector asked her where she had lain in—she told the day of the month that she left her home, and that she had lain in at Mrs. Sullivan's—they made every inquiry and found it was wrong—this was on Good Friday, and on next day my child was given up to me—I only know the child by its features—on the day I found the prisoner out, I found the bed-gown, the little shirt, and two rollers which my child had on when the prisoner took it from me—I can swear to the clothes—these are them—they have been washed since I lost them—this is the gown the prisoner had on at the time she stole the child—this gown was hanging behind the door in her room when she was taken—it was about half-past nine at night, on the 15th Feb., when I lost my child.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What did you go to the Spotted Dog for? A. To have half a pint of ale—I had been out with my brushes, and was tired—I could not leave my child at home—I had never seen the prisoner before—there is nobody here from the Spotted Dog—when she asked me to go to London-street with the message it did not strike me that she might as well have gone herself, because she told me such a pitiful tale of the woman being such a cross woman, and that she had had tea with her sister in the course of the week, and she had had words with her—the child went to the prisoner directly she held out her hands for it—we found the prisoner in a second pair front room—it was rather a poor place, but she was very comfortable, and what she had was very tidy and clean—she said it was her child, and nobody should take it from her, and she would rather part with her life than her child—we were obliged to get the child handed to the clerk of the Court, and I got it by that stratagem—she persisted to the last that it was her child—when we got the clothes the prisoner was not there—we went back to the room, and got them—I know this bed-gown because my nurse lent it to me, and the bottom of it is lined, which is very seldom the case in a bed-gown, and I know it by the drawing—I do not mean to say there may not be one like it—I never saw one—I only know the child by its features—I do not know it by any particular mark.





JANE DEANE
. I am wife of John Deane, in Great Arthur-street, St. Luke's—he is a shoemaker. I know this is Mrs. Swan's child—I nursed her with it—I know this bed-gown, it is my property—each side of the tape of it will draw up like a reticule—I lent it to Mrs. Swan—I bought it ready made, except the tape drawing, which I put in myself—I am confident

it is the gown I lent her—this flannel roller I know is here—I have the fellow roller to it myself—this is it—I had more flannel than I wanted, and I let her have one—this is the one I let her have—I know the child by its features, but by no mark.

Cross-examined. Q. This flannel is of the same quality? A. Yes—it came all off one piece—I cut it off, and gave it to Mrs. Swan—I know it by the quality—I nursed Mrs. Swan's child, and dressed it, and I know the roller—I saw Mrs. Swan make it.





CAROLINE SWAN

re-examined, I made this roller myself—it is my work, and this cotton roller also is my work, and these joins in it.





WILLIAM WESTLAKE
 (police-constable E 102.) I accompanied Mrs. Swan to No. 28, Crown-street, St. Giles's—she pointed out the prisoner to me, and charged her with having taken her child—I told her she must go with me—she said she would not go, the child was her own, and she would rather die than lose her child, she would not give it up for any one—after waiting half an hour I sent Mrs. Swan for another constable, and we got the prisoner to the station—we then went back, and found this bed-gown, shirt, flannel roller, and cotton roller.





JOSEPH HUGHES
 (police-constable E 114.) I produce this gown and boa, which are said to be part of the dress the prisoner had on—I took them to the station—the prisoner said she had been confined at Mrs. Sullivan's, No. 1, Little Clarendon-street, Somer'stown—I went, and (bund Mrs. Sullivan lived at No. 5, Upper Orenville-street—the door is at the corner of Clarendon-street—she was taken before the Magistrate, and gave evidence, but was not bound over.

MR. PAYNE
called






MARGARET BIRDSEYI
. I am the wife of John Birdseye—I am the cousin of the prisoner's first husband. I remember seeing the prisoner on the 8th of Feb.—she appeared in the family way, and told me she did not know one minute from another—I attended the christening of a child a fortnight before Easter Sunday at St. Patrick's chapel, Soho-square, in the Catholic religion—I was godmother, and my husband was godfather—I saw the prisoner again about a fortnight after I had seen her in the family way—it was about the Friday before the child was christened—she was then sitting on a stool before the fire, and had a child with her—I cannot tell how old the child was which was christened on that Sunday—the prisoner has no husband—he has been dead three years.




GUILTY
on the 1st Count.
—



Transported for Seven Years.

