



1445. 




MARGARET MARIA WILLIAMS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of October, at 
St. Pancras, 2 tea-pots, value 29l.; 2 coffeepots, value 32l.; 2 cream-jugs, value 8l.; 1 sugar-basin, value 8l.; 56 spoons, value 30l.; 27 forks, value 10l.; 11 knives, value 12s.; 7 ladles, value 7l.; 2 butter knives, value 1l. 10s.; 1 watch, value 20l.; 2 watchchains, value 10l.; 3 seals, value 7l.; 8 rings, value 26l.; 9 brooches, value 13l.; 2 pairs of sugar-tongs, value 1l. 10s.; 6 gowns, value 19l.; 10 shawls, value 21l.; 1 cape, value 10s.; 2 skewers, value 2l.; 1 goblet, value 3l.; 1 fish-slice, value 1l.; 2 eye-glasses, value 1l. 10s.; 3 pairs of ear-rings, value 7l.; 4 bracelets, value 1l. 15s.; 1 tea-caddy, value 3l.; 1 buckle, value 1l.; 2 habit-shirts, value 1l. 10s.; 1 clock, value 3l.; 1 parasol, value 1l.; 1 purse, value 10s.; 1 reticule, value 5s.; 1 tablecloth, value 5s.; 1 handkerchief, value 5s.; and 1 trunk, value 1l.; the goods of 



James Holden, her master, in his dwelling-house.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES HOLDEN
. In October last I lived in Morning ton-crescent, St. Pancreas. The prisoner was in my service as cook, and had been so between three and four months—on the 20th of October, I and Mrs. Holden were both from home—we left the prisoner alone in the house—I returned at

five o'clock in the afternoon, and found the drawers of my bed-room broken open—I missed the articles stated in the indictment, some from the drawers, and from different parts of the house—the value of the whole is about 300l.—in consequence of a communication from Cork, I went there in the latter end of March, and saw O'Neill, the sergeant, who produced a great quantity of my property—I went with him, and saw the prisoner—I said, "We have found you after some trouble"—she said, "Indeed I don't know any thing of you; I never saw you before in my life"—I said, "It is very strange you should live three or four months with me, and not know me; I know you very well"—I pointed to a friend who was with me, and said, "You don't know my friend?"—she said, "I never saw him," and denied all knowledge of us.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you quite sure she was your servant? A. Yes, I cannot be mistaken.





ELIZABETH FIELD
. I live with my father, George Field, who is a body coach-maker, and carry water-cresses out. In October last, I went to the prosecutor's with some water-cresses, and saw the prisoner—I know her to be the woman—she gave me some broken victuals, and told me to bring the towel back the same day, but my father would not let me, and I took it back next day—she sent me to fetch a coach to the door, which I did about three o'clock in the afternoon—I saw nobody but her in the house—she put a large hair trunk and a small box into the coach—the coachman helped her in with the large one—she went into the coach with them, shut the street-door, and told me to go down the kitchen steps, and wait there till she came back—she should not be long—I waited there three quarters of an hour—I found nobody in the house, and went away, leaving the servant next door in care of the house.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen her before? A. Yes, two or three times—I take my oath she is the woman.





MICHAEL O'NEILL
. I am a sergeant of the police of Cork. In consequence of information last March, I went to Mr. Duggin's house at Cork, and found the prisoner in the first-floor room there—I asked her name—she said, "Maria Williams"—I told her to consider herself my prisoner, and to be cautious what she said, for if she said any thing to criminate herself, I should have to state it—there was a large box, and a small trunk on the floor—I asked if they were hers—she said, "Yes"—I asked if what they contained was hers—she said "Yes"—I asked for the key—she gave it me—I opened one—I found three gold chains, a gold key, three gold rings, a gold brooch, a pair of ear-rings, some silver spoons, a reticule, eight shawls, a gold watch and case, and a variety of other articles—I asked if she bad got a watch—she said she had a brass one, and produced it from her bosom—I also found some parts of tea spoons, with the initials T. A. B., which have been filed—I told her I should fetch a woman to search her—she said she had no money—I put my hand in her pocket, and found 27l. 10s. in Bank of Ireland notes—I took her to the station—I showed all the property to the prosecutor—I found a quantity of plate at Mr. Bennet's, in Grafton-street, which Mr. Holden claimed—I took her to Dublin—on the way, she asked me whether it would be better for her to plead guilty or not—I told her I should give her no advice on that subject.

Prisoner. I never said any thing of the sort. Witness. I asked her then how she effected the robbery? was there any person with her? she said no, she brought the large box down three pairs of stairs on her

back—I asked her how much money there was—she said she should not be afraid to rob a convent if there were people outside she could depend on—I asked how much money she got from Mr. Bennett—she swore by God she had sold him more than 100l. worth, that he must be a d—d fool, that he bought it under the value.





THOMAS BENNETT
. I am a silversmith and jeweller, and live at Dublin. In February last, I bought 160 and 60 ounces of plate of the prisoner, at 4s. 8d. per ounce, the price we always give in Dublin for old plate—I have it here—here are coffee-pots, tea-pots, salvers, and other articles—we always give that price—we either keep them as they are, or melt them—I did not suspect it was stolen, or I should have stopped it—the forks and spoons were old-fashioned ones, and I melted them—I gave her a draft for part, and the remainder in bank of Ireland notes—she represented herself as a widow lady, and was necessitated to dispose of the things to bring her back to London—she called first in the morning, and asked if I was in the habit of purchasing plate—I saw her three or four times—she left some of the plate four days before she called for the money—she said she was not leaving Dublin for three or four days—I did not refuse to attend before a Magistrate in London—I gave every facility when applied to at Cork—I did not take the number of the notes, but I believe the money found on her is what I gave her.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Are you quite sure the prisoner is the person who sold you the plate? A. Yes—she was dressed in black silk, very respectably—I have not a doubt of her—I saw her four or five times, and am certain of her.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence, written—"I know nothing of the charge; what gave rise to the suspicion, was a piece of paper found in my trunk. I was obliged to go up the country for a few days, and during that time I left the key of my room with the landlady of the house, in Cross-street, Cork, and on my return, I found one of my trunks opened, and the other had every thing removed; and the piece of paper alluded to, respecting Mr. Bennett, was in my box, but not with my putting. Mr. Holden, likewise, accuses me with being his servant for three months, and that I had warning to quit; I never was his nor any other gentleman's servant in my life. In July, I went from London to Cork, by the boat called the Mermaid, from Black water Stairs; returned in the latter end of August by the same boat; on the 26th of November, from St. James's Stairs, Wapping, back to Cork again, in the Jupiter boat, Captain Warters, commander; in March returned to London, in the Devonshire, Captain Higgen, commander, and back again by the same boat, and the same captain to Dublin, and changed two thirty shillings notes, the change given to me by the steward of the boat, in the presence of Mr. Burns. I arrived at Dublin at ten o'clock at night, and Mr. Burnes, the mate of the vessel, recommended me to a lodging at the house of Mr. Jones, opposite the quay where the boat stopped; I remained there for a few days, until the St. George was going to Cork, by which vessel I went. Respecting the Irish constable's statement, the confession, he says, that I made to him, it is quite false, for I well remember every word that I said to him."




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
