




2149. 




THOMAS JOSEPH TUCKWELL
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
15th of August, at 

St. Andrew, Holborn, 30 sovereigns, 10 half-sovereigns, 80 half-crowns, 300 shillings, 30 sixpences, 14 groats, and 15l. Bank-note, the monies of 



Henry Leighton Mayo Hawthorn, in his dwelling-house; and 





ROBERT PERKINS



, for feloniously and maliciously inciting him to commit the said felony.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY LEIGHTON MAYO HAWTHORN
. I am a tea-dealer, and carry on business in High Holborn, in the parish of St. Andrew. The prisoner Tuckwell was in my service about six weeks ago, as town-traveller—he was not with me quite a month—he did not suit me, and I parted with him—Perkins was in my employment from the time of my commencing business, which was at the beginning of April, and continued so till this offence was committed—on Saturday evening, the 14th of August, I had property to the amount of 65l. 11s. 3d. in my cash-box—there were three

5l. notes, twenty or thirty sovereigns, and three 5l. parcels of silver, made up in brown paper, and marked—I took my cash-box to my bed-room on retiring to rest, and on Sunday morning, about ten minutes to eleven o'clock, previous to going to church, I left it safe on my bureau in my bed-room—it then had that property in it—Perkins went out on Sunday morning about ten minutes before me—I went to church, returned home about half-past one, immediately went to my bed-room in consequence of my mother giving me information, and found the cash-box broken open, and the whole, with the exception of two 5l. notes, missing—a fire-escape ladder which was put on boxes immediately under the trap-door of the roof, was gone—I searched the premises with an officer, but was not able to find any body—there is a loft on the roof, belonging to Mr. Booker, a fishmonger, a neighbour of mine, similar to my own—I merely looked into that loft, but did not discover any thing—Perkins came in about five on Sunday afternoon—I let him in—I said nothing till he got to the drawing-room—I then named to him the circumstances of the robbery—he turned very pale—I went out with Perkins about seven that evening to look for the light-porter who carries out my parcels—I asked Perkins some questions respecting Tuck well—I made him no promise or threat—I merely put the question to him in consequence of a suspicion which crossed my mind—I did not say it would be better for him to tell, or worse if he did not—nor any thing of that kind—I did not at that time suspect him—I asked what he knew about Tuckwcll's character—I told him he had stated to my mother and sister that Tuckwell was a very bad character, that he thought him capable of any thing in swearing away a man's life—he said he knew nothing more of him than that he was addicted to smoking cigars—I asked him when he had seen him last—he said he had not seen him for some time—I questioned him further, and after some time he said, in a careless sort of manner, that he had seen him on the Saturday morning, and had not seen him after that time—the police inspector came about half-past twelve on Sunday night—that was after Tuckwell had been taken into custody—Perkins then remarked, "I should not wonder if Tuckwell said I had some concern in the robbery"—the keys of the inner and outer shop-door on Saturday night were taken to my bed-room, and hung on a nail inside the door—I found Tuckwell at the station about a quarter to twelve on Sunday night—next morning I was standing near Tuckwell at the police-court —I did not make him any promise or threat.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Before you said any thing to him, had you spoken to a policeman named Jarvis? A. I had, on the subject of the robbery—I do not know that I mentioned any thing about Tuckwell to the policeman—most likely I mentioned Tuckwells name to him—I believe I might—it was natural to do so—I did not authorize Jarvis to make a communication to Tuckwell on the subject—I believe Tuckwell had made a communication to Jarvis previous to my having say conversation with him.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you ask Tuckwell any questions, or did he make a communication to you? A. I asked him no questions—he made a communication voluntarily—he said that Perkins was concerned in the robbery—that the plan was, he was to come on the Saturday morning, and that Perkins then "gave him over the keys of the house and shop tied together, and 2s. to buy similar keys—that he was to come at noon, when

I went to dinner—Perkins was then to admit him through the shop to the sugar-vault at the back of the shop below stairs—that he was to be there, concealed till I came down from dinner—Perkins was then to go down to him, and cover him up with the sugar mats, to effectually conceal him, and he was to meet Perkins on the Sunday afternoon at four o'clock—they were then to divide the money, and he believed Perkins was to come back to his employ as usual—that he (Tuckwell) had come at the appointed time, that Perkins had admitted him through the shop, had been with him three times during the afternoon in the vault, that he came to him after I retired to bed on the Saturday night, took him to his own bed-room, and they slept together—that he concealed him in the cupboard on the Sunday morning, and Perkins then went out—he also said that while he was in my bed-room committing the robbery, he heard the lock tried twice—he did not say any thing more—he did not give me any account of what he did in the room, or how he got out of the house.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. When was it you had the conversation with Tuckwell? A. On Monday—in the early part of the morning—Perkins was not there—he was attending at the shop at the time—we left him at the counter, but I took the precaution to leave Mrs. Hawthorn in the shop also—I cannot say I suspected him, but I felt certain the robbery had been committed by somebody in my employ, and I did not know how far any one else might be concerned—my mother left home about half an hour after me, to join us at church—she was the last person in the house—I left the servant-maid to take care of the house—the servant was not at Hatton-garden at first—she was sent for to come afterwards—Perkins was also sent for—he was not sent for as a witness, to my knowledge—he was taken into custody after I had the conversation with Tuckwell—Tuckwell was standing in the yard, and I went and stood by his side, as I thought it possible he might make some communication to me—I cannot say whether it was in consequence of what was said to me by the policeman, or not—I dare say half a dozen persons might hear the conversation between me and Tuckwell—he turned aside while he made the communication—I had given no specific orders after he left that he should not be allowed to come to the house, but I remonstrated with Perkins for admitting parties who I had discharged—I had not forbid it, but it was quite against my will—Tuckwell had been discharged about six weeks before the robbery—Perkins had been in my service for the last four months—I made a similar statement to the Magistrate, of what Tuckwell said to me, as I have to-day—I might have done so to other persons—I do not recollect—I am quite correct in stating that he said Perkins was concerned in the robbery, and the plan was that he was to come in on the Saturday morning—I am quite sure Tuckwell said he received the keys of the house and shop to get others like them—he did not say what he was to have them for—the cupboard he was put into is in Perkins's room—he said Perkins went out and left him there—I am sure Tuckwell gave the statement I have stated.

Q. Something has been said about Perkins turning pale, is he not naturally pale? A. Then he was unnaturally pale, nobody could avoid noticing it—I merely said to him, "Perkins, there has been a robbery committed"—whether I said, "in my house," I do not know—I did not tell him all about it at the time.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Did not Perkins take the milk in that morning? A. I am informed so, I did not see him—I name the

amount of what I lost from finding what is left—I balance my cash once a week, and on balancing it after it was missing, I found there was 65l. 11s. 3d. missing—I have recovered 55l. 9s. 9d.—a 5l. note and five sovereigns have been retained—two 5l. notes were left in the box—altogether, I missed 65l., 11s. 3d.—that has nothing to do with the notes left in the box—I saw the money in the box on Saturday night, the last thing, twelve o'clock, or after that—I did not take any account of the sum the box contained then—I had given change, about an hour before, for two 5l. notes, and turned the gold and silver out of the bag to do so, and I saw it safe then—that was about half-past eleven at night—my family consists of my sister and brother, besides myself, my mother, and a female servant—they were all living with me at the time—I did not see the money in the box on the Sunday morning before I went to church, I merely saw the box—I was not in the habit of keeping my bed-room door locked when I went out—I discharged Tuckwell, principally on account of his not being properly qualified as town-traveller—I received a very good character with him—I am not aware that he now holds an appointment in the Castle at Windsor—he comes from Windsor—I believe his family to be very respectable—I said I probably might have spoken to Jarvis about the robbery—he said Tuckwell had made a communication to him about the robbery.

COURT. Q. If I understand, there was left at home in the house, during church-time, your servant girl? A. Yes—she is the only maid, servant—I dine at a quarter to two o'clock on Sunday—she prepares the dinner—it is not sent to the bake-house—the cleaning of the rooms up stairs is not generally done before I go to church—she was sent up by my mother to make the beds—my mother was detained half an hour, but still she joined us at church.





GEORGE BOOKER
. I am a fishmonger, and live in High Holborn, next door to Mr. Hawthorn. On Sunday-night, the 15th of August, I went up stairs, and looked into the loft at the top of my house, about half-past ten o'clock, and saw a man there, concealed at the further end of the loft, lying with his hat at his feet, and his face towards the wall—I called somebody—the man did not come out directly, but when my brother came the man made his escape out of the loft, and got away from me, out on the roof of the house—I did not see him come out—Jarvis and a policeman, and my brother, went in pursuit of him over the roofs, into Red Lion-street—I remained at the top of the house—I could not follow with them—I afterwards saw Tuckwell in the custody of Jarvis, in George-street, and heard him say there was all the money just as he had taken it—it was in his pocket when he was searched—he said he was in the loft when Mr. Hawthorn, the policeman, and I were looking over the premises—we had been searching that afternoon, about half-past five o'clock, without any light—if we. had had one we should no doubt have seen him.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Who was present when he spoke about the money? A. Jarvis and others—I believe I have said before to-day that Tuckwell told me that was all the money, just as he had taken it—I will not swear it—I was examined at Hatton-garden—I do not know why I did not state it before to-day—the question was not put to we, I suppose—I was called upon to state all I knew, but that statement was made before by Mr. Hawthorn at the office.


COURT. Q. Did he produce any money? A. Not till they searched him, I believe—I did not see it.

MR. JONES. Q. Did he produce any money when he said, there was all, just as he had taken it? A. Yes—Tuckwell produced it, or the officer took it, I will not swear which—if he did not produce the money at the time he said that, he did a few minutes after—I was not close by the side of him—if I have not given his exact words, it was to that purpose—I will swear he used words to that effect—I believe those words were repeated at Hatton-garden—I will not say that I repeated them—Tuckwell said he felt more hurt at what he heard Mr. Hawthorn say than he did at the crime he had committed.





WILLIAM JARVIS
. I am a policeman. I beard Mr. Booker at the top of his house on the night of the 15th of August—as I was going up the stairs of his house I heard him call me—I went on the top of the house—I followed Tuckwell over four or five houses, and there found him—I took him into the first window I came to, put the handcuffs on, and took him to the station in Red Lion-street—he was searched there, and the whole of the property found on him—I have part of it—I have a 5l. note, four sovereigns, and two half-sovereigns—I gave the remainder back to Mr. Hawthorn—thirty sovereigns, ten half-sovereigns, eighty half-crowns, fourteen fourpenny-pieces, a 5l. note, three hundred shillings, and one penny in copper, was found on him altogether—as we were going from the station to the police-office, on Monday morning, Tuckwell asked me whether I thought he should get off if there was any one else concerned in the case, and he was to split—I said I did not know, perhaps Mr. Hawthorn might be more lenient to him—I afterwards took Perkins into custody—when we got down to the police-court he said he let Tuckwell through the shop at one o'clock, and concealed him in the sugarvault, and visited him two or three times in the course of the afternoon.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. I suppose you promised him something before this? A. I did not—I did not ask him any thing—when he saw Tuckwell in the Court, after he had been in the office, he told me this—I never spoke to him about it—it was before we went in to the Magistrate that he stated this.





MARIA ROACH
. I was servant to Mr. Hawthorn. On Saturday afternoon, the 14th of August, soon after one o'clock, I saw a man come on the stairs, about three stairs down the kitchen-stairs, leading from the passage to the shop—the kitchen is lower down than the shop—the sugar-vault is at the back of the kitchen—I saw Perkins three times that afternoon go to the sugar-vault—he asked me if I was going to clean the backarea—I told him I was.

COURT. Q. How do you know he meant the back area? A. We have no other area—a person must cross that area to go to the sugar-vault.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. I suppose you usually clean it on Saturday? A. Always—I cannot say exactly what time I made the beds on Sunday morning, but I believe between nine and ten o'clock—that was before my master went to church—he went about eleven—I had been up stairs before that—I went up to help to dress my mistress before she went out, which was as late as half-past eleven—my mistress's room is underneath my master's—I had no occasion to go up to my master's—

Perkins went out five or ten minutes before eleven, five or ten minutes before master—he was dressed in his Sunday clothes, as he generally was—he came home about four in the afternoon—my master was the first that went up to his room after church.





MARY ANN HAWTHORN
. I am the prosecutor's mother, and live with him. On Sunday morning, the 15th of August, I saw Perkins about half-past nine o'clock—he brought the milk to me—he had the keys of the inner and outer shop doors—he took the milk in, and brought it up to me—it was a very unusual thing to bring it to me—it should be taken into the kitchen, or left on the stairs for the servant—I let him out about ten minutes to eleven, and said, "Will you dine at home, Mr. Perkins, today?"—he said, "I think I will, ma'am"—I said, "Recollect, we dine about half-past one"—he said, "I thank you, ma'am, I think I shall"—he did not come home to dinner—he came about half-past four—he saw his master first, I afterwards saw him—he told me he lad got the head-ache, and had come home, intending to ask for a cup of tea, and to lie down afterwards; that he had been to Knightsbridge, and passed our house about two o'clock, but thought it too late to come in to dinner—I said, "You cannot lie down, Mr. Perkins, for we have had a sad robbery"—he said, "Good gracious! I hope it will be found out; who do you think it can be?"—I said, "Of course we can have no suspicion, but on the servant"—(I did not know any thing then about Tuckwell being in the house)—he said, Have you had the house searched?"—I said, "Yes, we sent for the constable and police immediately"—we went down into the kitchen; and as we went down, or before that, he said, it must be the servant, he thought, for nobody else could get into the house, as I had the inner and outer door keys—when they are both locked, nobody can get in or out—there is no area in front, but a small grating—a person from the kitchen might hand a small parcel up—when he went down stairs, he said, "There can be no suspicion but of the girl; but how could she get the money away? have you had the house searched?"—I said, "Yes, thoroughly, but can find nothing"—he said she might have an accomplice, and hand the money up through the area—I said, "We are afraid that is the way it is gone"—my daughter was present part of the time, but not at that moment—we then said, somebody had gone out through the fire-escape, but could not conceive how it was possible they could get into the house to get out—my daughter said, "They have taken up the ladder of the fire-escape, and that, I think, makes the girl clear;" and Perkins said, "That is the worst thing against her."

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. I think I understood you to say, you did not know whether it was you said something about handing up through the area, or him? A. At first I did not, because there was so much confusion; but the suggestion was made, and agreed to—he did not say the best plan was to search the—house and the girl's boxes, and that would set it at rest—the boxes had been searched before; he asked if the house had been searched—I know Perkins's friends, they live at Eton—I was there for a few days—I have had my doubts of Perkins's character for some time—I did not tell his friends that he was going on very well, and was a good lad—I suggested enough to the contrary to Mr. and Mrs. Perkins.

MR. HAWTHORN
re-examined. This is one of the notes I received from the hotel on Saturday night—I put it into my cash-box.


Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Before you went to church, did you go into your bed-room? A. Yes, I dressed there, and left immediately from the bed-room to go out—I cannot say whether I shut the bed-room door.

MRS. HAWTHORN
re-examined. As soon as my son was gone to church, or a few minutes after, I went up stairs to take the cash-box down into my room previous to my going out—I tried my son's bed-room door, and could not open it—I did not examine to see whether it was locked, but it stuck, I could not open it—I looked down, and thought the key was out, but did not take particular notice—I only went to it once—I called the servant soon after, and told her, if she had not made her master's bed, she could not until he came from church, but she had better go up and see; and she went up immediately.





MARIA ROACH

re-examined. I remember going up to my master's door by my mistress's desire, and could not open it—I looked through the key-hole, but could not see whether the key was in it.





WILLIAM JARVIS

re-examined. I did not search Mr. Booker's loft, nor Mr. Hawthorn's loft.

MR. HAWTHORN
re-examined. On the Monday morning I accompanied an officer to Mr. Booker's loft, and he found these two keys at the extremity, where Tuckwell had been lying—they fit my doors exactly.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Have you tried them? A. I have—they are false keys—I have my own here as well.
(—Clark, grocer, No. 75, Shoreditch, and—Wilson, a landing-waiter, deposed to Perkins's good character.)

TUCKWELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 18

PERKINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.




Transported for ten Years.
