



736. 




HENRY JOHNSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
24th of October, 95 purses, value 15l.; and 240 pairs of garters, value 15l.; the goods of £



Edward Keily, his master; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






EDWARD KEILY
. I am a traveller, in the employ of Collins, Brown, and Co., of Snow-hill, and live in St. Martin's-place, St. Martin-le-Grand. I received a parcel of goods to take to customers in the City—I had them several days—I did not dispose of any in the City—on the 24th of October I was about to proceed to the West-end of the town with them—I went to a public-house in Noble-street, and while at the bar, speaking to a friend,

the prisoner came, and called for some beer, and put down a halfpenny to pay for it—I observed to him, "That is a small portion you will get for a halfpenny, my boy"—he said, "Yes, but I have got no more money"—I said, "Take back the halfpenny, here is a penny for you, have a little more"—he said, "Thank you"—I said, "Are you out of employmentt?"—he said, "Yes"—my friend said, "What is your name?"—he said, "Penny, Redcross-lane, Cripplegate"—my friend said, "What, is your father John Penny?"—he said, "Yes"—my friend said, "If that it your name I know your father"—I then proposed to him to take my parcel for me—he said, "Yes, and thank you"—I said, "If you will take it to Oxford-street I will give you 6d."—he said, "I have had no breakfast"—I said I would give him something to eat on the way—he then walked with me from Noble-street to Skinner-street, where the warehouse is—I went in and had a few minutes' conversation with a fellow-traveller—I came out, and found him with the parcel, all correct—I went on a little further, and met a friend nearly opposite Hatton-garden—I spoke to him, and when I turned round, to my astonishment, the prisoner was gone, with the parcel containing the articles stated in the indictment—it was about two feet square—they were worth about 30l.—I expect I shall be obliged to make good the loss to my employers—that is our understanding—I had told the prisoner to walk by my side, and to keep in sight of me.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you offer to take him as an errand-boy? A. I told him if he was a good boy most likely I should be able to give him constant employ—I am in the habit of employing others on my own responsibility—I am quite sure the prisoner was to carry the parcel by my side—I told him if he walked fast, and Was a good boy, I would give him employ—I said I was in a hurry to get to Oxford-street—I did not see him again till the 9th of January—I offered 5l. reward, and gave a description of the party—the landlady of the house served the prisoner with the beer—she is not here—I swear positively that the prisoner is the person—I had never seen him before, to my knowledge—I did not know him before that morning—I saw him at the station on the 9th of January.

JURY. Q. Did you apply at the address he gave you? A. Yes, and he was not known there.





JOHN M'GEARY
. I live in Cook-square, Noble-street. On the 24th of October I was in the William the Fourth public-house in Noble-street—I saw the prosecutor there—he had a brown paper parcel tied with string—the prisoner came in to get a halfpenny-worth of beer, and Keily gave him a penny to get half-a-pint of beer—conversation then took place between them—he was to carry the parcel to Newman-street, Oxford-street, and Mr. Keily was to give him sixpence—he said he had had no breakfast—Mr. Keily said, "If you will be quick, I will give you refreshment on the way"—I put the parcel on the prisoner's head—I am sure he is the boy—I might have seen him before, but not to my knowledge—my attention was called to him well—I asked him who he was—he said his father was John Penny, a bricklayer—I went to John Penny, a bricklayer, the next morning, but he had no eon of this description.





WILLIAM WISHART
. I am a stockmaker, and live in Jubilee-place, Commercial-road. I was at the bar of the William the Fourth, in Noble-street, on the 24th of October—I saw the prisoner there, standing at the bar—I am sure of his person.


Cross-examined. Q. What time was this? A. Between 10 and 11 o'clock, I was getting some beer—I am between 16 and 17 years old—the prosecutor and his friend were there—I had not seen the prisoner before.





WILLIAM HORSNELL
 (police-constable G 172.) I met the prisoner on the 9th of January in Shoreditch—I told him I wanted him to go with me for stealing some purses—he said, "It is not I"—I said, "You must go and see whether it is you or not"—he flung himself on the ground, and two or three persons came up to try to get him away—I took him to the station—he said he worked for Mr. Claxton, in Holborn—I could not find such a person, and told him he should go with me to Mr. Claxton's—he then said, "I don't work there, I don't work any where"—I found 10s. 10d. in silver, and 4d. in copper on him.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you at any time take him to the public-house? A. Yes, that was just before Christmas—I showed him to the landlady, and then let him go—I was not aware then that there was any body else who could recognise him.





HENRY SINGER
. I am a labourer, and live in Burdett-street, Walworth. I know the prisoner—I was present in this Court when he was tried on the 13th of May, 1839—I produce a certificate of his conviction, which I got from the clerk of this Court—I know the prisoner to be the same person—I was a witness on that trial—(read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 15.—


Transported for Ten Years.
