





1901. 




MORRIS MCCARTHY,



 WILLIAM M'DONALD
, and 




LUKE THOMAS
, were indicted for

 breaking and entering the shop of 



Frederick John Fruin, on the 
26th of June, at 

St. Paul, Shadwell, and stealing 2 anvils, value 2l. 5s.; 4 augurs, value 8s.; 6 pairs of tongs, value 6s.; 1 pair of scales, value 6s.; and 1 vice handle and screw, value 10s.; his property.






JOHN FREDERICK FRUIN
. I have a smith's shop in New Gravel-lane, Shadwell—no one sleeps there. On Saturday morning, the 12th of June, I left it safe, between eleven and twelve o'clock—I returned between seven and eight in the evening—I found the back door open, and an entry made through the roof—I missed the articles mentioned, and sundry other things—this anvil was lying at the door in a basket, ready to be taken away—I went with the officer, and met M'Donald—the officer told him he had suspicion of him for breaking into the shop, and he said he had not ✗ he place all day.





REGINALD HENRY MESSENGER
. I am fourteen years old—I live at New Crane, Shadwell. On the afternoon of the 12th of June, about five o'clock, I was on Dock-hill—I saw M'Donald and Thomas standing at the back of the prosecutor's shop, and I saw M'Donald go in at the back door of the premises—Thomas was then standing at the corner—they had not any thing with them—a policeman came up—M Donald saw him, and they then moved, and went up Dock-hill, with ten or eleven more boys.

M Donald. Q. Do you swear you saw me? A. Yes.





ROBERT SHEFFIELD
. I live on Wapping-wall. On that Saturday night I saw M'Carthy and Thomas in the blacksmith's shop, between five and six o'clock—the door was open—they were carrying an anvil towards the back door—I then came away from the shop, and saw M Donald standing

outside—he appeared to be watching—I then went round to the front door, and looked through the key-hole—I saw Thomas and M'Carthy lift the anvil into a basket—the policeman came, and M'Donald went to the shop—I suppose he told the others to come out—they all went away.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you known McCarthy before? A. Yes—I had seen him—he was dressed as he is now—he had a hat on.





CHARLES WILLIAM POTTER
 (police-constable K 212.) I saw the three prisoners about eleven o'clock at night, on the 11th of June, at Wapping-wall—I saw them again on the Saturday, about half-past one o'clock, and I saw them again about three, go down Gravel-lane—I can swear to the other two, but not to Thomas—I then saw M'Donald stand at the corner of a beer-shop, and M'Carthy stood on some stone steps opposite the blacksmith's shop—I staid a quarter of an hour, and watched them—they saw me and went over the bridge—I then saw them come back again.

MR. PHILLIPS
called






CAROLINE SULLIVAN
. I am the daughter of Philip Sullivan, a coal-whipper. I have known M'Carthy eight or nine years—he has always borne an honest character—I was in his company on that Saturday, from half-past four till nine o'clock, in the Dolphin public-house, in the Back-road—we came from there to his mother, who was sitting with her stall, in Ratcliff-highway—he left me about ten that evening, or a little after—his mother saw us together—she lives in my father's house, but I do not live there.
— M'CARTHY. I am his mother. On that Saturday I was at my stall—I saw Sullivan at my stall, and M'Carthy with her—they came between eight and nine o'clock—Sullivan went away, and my son stopped with me, till he helped me home with my stall—he took the chair I was sitting on and the tressels, at half-past eleven o'clock—he has always been honest.





ROBERT SHEFFIELD

re-examined. I am sure I saw M'Carthy and Thomas in the shop—I have no doubt of it whatever—I had seen him a few times, not so often as I had the others—I am sure he was one of the persons.

M'CARTHY—



GUILTY of Larceny only. Aged 18.




Confined Three Months.

M'DONALD*—



GUILTY of Larceny only. Aged 19.



Transported for Seven Years.

THOMAS*—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—



Confined One Year.

Sixth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

