



20. 




THOMAS SMITH
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging an acceptance to a bill of exchange for the payment of 29l. 18s., with intent to defraud 



Michael Levy Green and another.


MR. CURWOOD
conducted the Prosecution.





EPHRAIM LEVY GREEN
. I am in partnership with Michael Levy Green—we are wholesale clothiers, at No. 10, Houndsditch. About the middle of August last two men, who gave their names as J. and J. Trueman, Acton, Middlesex, called on me, and wanted clothing—they referred me to a Mr. Golding, in Cullum-street—I was not satisfied with the reference—I communicated with them, and said the reference did not suit, and it being the first transaction, I should like it to be a cash transaction—the second time they called they said they would give me a better reference, which was Henry Dawer, No. 22, Ashford-street—I called on Dewer, who was the prisoner at the bar—I asked a person there for Henry Dewer, and was told he was not in—a female said he was only in the neighbourhood, and she fetched the prisoner—I asked him if I had the pleasure of addressing Mr. Dewer—he said, "Yes"—I asked what he knew of the Truemans—he said he had known them for twenty-five years, and would have no objection to become security for them in any way I pleased—I asked if he had any objection to sign an acceptance to a bill—he said, "Not in the least"—on the 9th of Sept., in consequence of this, I

furnished the Truemans with goods, and they brought the prisoner down to sign the bill of exchange on the 10th of Sept.—my brother wrote out a bill of exchange, and the prisoner signed it in my counting-house,"in my presence—the prisoner was the acceptor—he accepted it in the name of Henry Dawer—it was at two months after date—this is the bill—(read, addressed to Henry Dawer, Ashford-house, Ashford-street, Hoxton)—when the bill was given, one of the Truemans wanted to hurry the prisoner away, but he said, "No, just allow me to take the particulars of the bill, in my oldfashioned way, because when it becomes due I must pay it"—when it became due I presented it at the house it was addressed to, but the house was closed—I found no one there—I never met the prisoner again till now—I have not seen the Truemans since—they have absconded—I found the prisoner in custody for swindling, and charged him with accepting the bill—his real name is Thomas Smith.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. I believe the bill was not given till the goods were delivered? A. One day after—the goods had been delivered to Trueman, in the absence of the prisoner—I had seen the prisoner at Ashford-house, Hoxton, when I first went—it was in consequence of what he said that I let Trueman have the goods—I took the bill on his responsibility, having three names on the bill altogether.





WILLIAM HANDLEY
. I live at Stoke Newington-green, Middlesex. I am landlord of the house No. 22, Ashford-street—I let it in July last to a person who gave me the name of Henry Dawer, Redcross-square—I agreed to accept him as a tenant—the prisoner is not that man—I let it to the man from the 13th of July last.





HENRY WILLIAM DUBOIS
. I am sergeant of the police. On the 2nd of Oct. I went to No. 2, Harvey-street, Hoxton, and found this memorandum of agreement—the prisoner was apprehended there by Kemp—I went to search the house afterwards.





WILLIAM HANDLEY

re-examined. This is the counterpart of the memorandum I executed to the supposed Mr. Dawer.





GEORGE KEMP
 (police-constable A 22.) I went to No. 2, Harvey-street, Hoxton, on the 2nd of Oct.—the prisoner rang the bell—I went up and opened the door—he asked for Mrs. Dawer—I told him she was down in the kitchen, and asked him to walk in—after he had come in I closed the door, and kept him there—I told him Mrs. Dawer was at the station-house, and if he wanted her he must go there—he asked if anything was the matter, if there were thieves or robbers in the house—I said, "No"—he said, "Let me go, I am a respectable gentleman and tradesman, here is my card," giving me one—I cannot swear this is the one, but it was the same as this—I have two or three of them, but they are all the same—this is the one, to the best of my knowledge—(read—" R. Apsell, tin-plate worker, brazier, and ironmonger, near the Post-office, Upper Mitcham.")

Q. When he came there he asked you for Mrs. Dawer? A. Yes, and gave me the card as his real name and address—I went there, and saw the landlord—I saw a woman, said to be the prisoner's wife—I took her to the station—I am quite sure he asked for Mrs. Dawer, and gave me that card as his real name and address.





SAMUEL JONAS
. I am in the employ of Green and Co. I presented the bill at the house on the 1st of Nov., but found no one there.




GUILTY
. Aged 49.—


Transported for Fifteen Years
.
