




1035. 




FREDERICK ROFF
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
1st of October, 5000 sheets of printed paper, value 10l., the goods of 




James Henry Paul and another, his masters; and 




EMMA ROFF



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the statute, &c.: and that 



Frederick Roff had been before convicted of felony.


MESSRS. CLARKSON AND BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES HENRY PAUL
. I have one partner—we live at Nos. 2 and 3, Monmouth-court, Seven Dials, and are printers and publishers. Frederick Roff was in our employ about twenty-two months—he was employed in cutting, sewing, and making up different works—we used to deliver him the paper alter it was printed to take home and finish them—on the 12th of February I received information, and accompanied Williams to Roff's house in Mount-street, Bethnal-green—I had before that day delivered him sheets of this description of paper to the value of 10l., and a great deal more of this and others—it was his duty to have it stitched and returned to me—the greater part of it wag not returned—some of them were religious works, and some other works—I charged him with having robbed me of different works—he said at first he had not, and then he said he had had two or three girls, who had robbed him, and he wanted to accuse his sister of robbing him—I then beckoned Williams, who was at the door, and gave him into custody—I then went round to several shops with Williams—when Frederick Roff was taken his wife was present—she said she had often cautioned him of it, and said, "See what your skittle play has brought your child and me to"—she had a little baby with her two or three months old—we went to John Spratt's, and found some property there—we went to Cauch's and Crew's, and other places, and found some more—these ought all to have been made into books, and returned to me, not sold for waste paper.





JOHN SPRATT
. I am a general dealer, and live in Virginia-row, Bethnalgreen. Before Christmas, the prisoner, Emma Roff, came to my shop, and Drought some paper—she called it waste paper, and said it belonged to her brother—I suppose I bought 50 or 60lbs. weight of paper of her—I paid her 2d. per lb. for it—this now produced is some of it—I believe it consists of book-leaves and directions, and Prince Albert's songs torn in pieces.





ROBERT CAUCH
. I keep a grocer's shop in Virginia-row. I have bought 30 or 40lbs. weight of paper of Emma Roff at various times—on

the first occasion I asked w here she got it from—she said from her brother—I told her to fetch her brother, instead of that she returned with a female, who she said was her brother's wife, and the paper was misprinted paper that was of no use, and they were their perquisites—I went to the prisoner's residence—I saw them both there.





RICHARD CREW
. I keep a cheesemonger's shop in King-street, Bethnal-green—I purchased about 30lbs. weight of paper of Emma Roff during a period of about three months—I asked if her father was a teacher—she said he was—I never saw her and Frederick Roff together.





GEORGE WILLIAMS
 (police-constable N 44.) On the 12th of February I went to the prisoner's house and received charge of both the prisoners for stealing paper that had been entrusted to Frederick Roff—he denied all knowledge of it, and said he had been robbed by four or five girls before, and he supposed his sister had been doing the same—she made no observation that I heard, but I heard a female who lives with Frederick Roff as his wife, say, "You wretch, how often have I warned you; you see what your skittle-playing has brought you to"—this is some of the paper I found at different shops.

Frederick Roff. Q. Do you think I heard her say that? A. You must have heard her.

Frederick Roff's Defence. I am quite innocent—I have been up at Mr. Paul's all day, and this has been going on while I have been away—I had a very great quantity of it in my possession for a long time.





HENRY WILLIAM DUBOIS
 (police-constable N 14.) I produce a certificate of Frederick Roff's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person who was then tried and convicted.

FREDERICK ROFF—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

EMMA ROFF—


NOT GUILTY
.
(There were three other indictments against the male prisoner.)
