





1511. 




JOHN HONNOR,



 JAMES MILLS
, and 




JOHN SMITH
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 firkin, value 1s.; and 84lbs. weight of butter, 3l.; the goods of 



William Lagden, jun.; and that Honnor and Smith had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM LAGDEN
, jun. I am a Saffron Waldon carrier. On the 3rd of May, about four o'clock, I was going to Layton with my caravan—I had ten firkins of butter—I heard a noise at the hind part of the van—I looked back, and saw Honnor taking a firkin of butter out of the hind part of the van—I jumped off the fore part of the van, and made my way to him—the other two prisoners had got hold of a truck—Honnor put the firkin of butter into it, and the other two began drawing it away—Honnor was behind pushing the truck along—I followed them—they drew the truck a little way, not far from the van, and on my going after them they all three ran away, leaving the butter and truck—I gave an alarm, and they were taken in about a quarter of an hour, or I think less than that.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Had you any thing besides the butter? A. Yes, all sorts of drapery and grocery goods—this happened a short distance past the Bell—I saw the prisoners brought back in custody—I helped to take them myself—I shouted out, "Stop thief," and ran after them—they did not laugh at me.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. When you saw them have hold of the firkin, was it out of the van? A. I saw Honnor take it out of the van—the other two were waiting with the truck—I do not think they were above a yard from the hind part of the van—I was not riding inside—I had reins on my horse.





EDWARD RUSSELL
. I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and saw the prisoners running away—I took charge of the truck—the firkin was then out of it, lying in the road.





EDWARD WOODROW
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of Honnor's former conviction—(read)—he is the person.





BENJAMIN LAMBDEN
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of Smith's former conviction—(read)—he is the man. (Mills received a good character.)

MILLS—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—



Confined Three Months.


HONNOR—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 35.





Transported for Ten Years.

