




1881. 




JAMES WHITE
 and 




GEORGE BOWLING



, burglariously breaking; and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Horsfall, and stealing 2 waistcoats, value 3s., his goods; White having been before convicted.






THOMAS HORSFALL
. I am a grocer, at Hackney-road. On 19th July, about half-past one o'clock in the morning, I heard a noise, got up, went into the road, and met three policemen with the prisoners in custody—I returned, and found my kitchen window open, the shutter let down, and a square of glass taken out—I had fastened the house up at eleven—an attempt had also been made at the shop back window—I found chisel marks on the shop door and kitchen window—the lock was taken off the kitchen door, I should say with a chisel—the screws were taken out, and the catch taken off—my drawers were open, and the cupboards turned out—I missed two waistcoats—I found two pairs of shoes at the back door, which did not belong to me—I saw these waistcoats taken from Bowling, at the station—they are mine, and were safe overnight.






JOSEPH SEDDON
. I am a clerk. I heard cries about half-past two o'clock and saw the prisoners about twenty yards from the house—I afterwards saw them in charge.





THOMAS RUGG
 (policeman). I heard an alarm, and saw the prisoners running towards me without shoes—I took them, and found a waistcoat on Bowling, and a chisel, which corresponded with the marks—White said before the Magistrate, "Are not you goin to let me have a pair of shoe?"—I laid both pairs on the bar, and baid, "Which is yours?"—White laid hold of a pair, and said, "These."

White. I wanted him to fetch me a pair of boots; they were not mine.

Bowling's Defence. I was in bed at the time; a man named Jones called me up, and gave me the waistcoats.





JAMES HUGGETT
 (policeman). I produce a certificate—(read—William Jackson, convicted Nov., 1847, and confined three months)—White is the man.

WHITE—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.


BOWLING—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.

