



2045. 




HANNAH DREWETT



, feloniously stabbing and wounding 



Emma Bolton on the left arm and nose, with intent to maim and disable her. 


MR. MELLER
conducted the Prosecution.




EMMA BOLTON
. I live at 10, New-street, New Kent-road; I know the prisoner as a neighbour, she lived next door but one to me. On Thursday evening, 18th Oct., about half-past nine o'clock, I went to her house to borrow a jug—I knocked at the door, she opened it—I told her I wanted her to lend me a jug—she began to make use of very improper language, and said she would beat my bbrains out—she accused me of stealing a key—I said I had not seen it—she then called me a bwh, and struck me twice on the arm with a poker, and told me to go out—I was in the passage—she went into her room to get the poker—as I was going out of the house she came after me and stabbed me three times with a knife on the arm and nose, and I fell senseless into a young woman's arms—I had not offered to strike her or given her any provocation—I was taken to a surgeon.

Prisoner. You were in my room when I hit you with the knife; I was cutting a piece of wood, and you were coming to strike me; it was dark, and I cannot say where the knife cut you; I own I hit you with the poker, after asking you ten or a dozen times to go out of my room, which you refused to do. Witness. I never entered the room, I went no further than the passage—I did not see her cutting any wood.





MARTHA WOODWARD
. I am the prosecutrix's mother, and the wife of Charles Woodward, an ironmonger, of 10, New-street. I came home that night, and hearing my daughter at the prisoner's door asking for the loan of a jug, I came out with a jug in my hand—I heard the prisoner say, "Stand back," and call her a b—wh—I then saw her strike my daughter, with what I thought was a stick, three times across the arm—I saw my daughter come out of the passage and the prisoner after her with a knife in her hand, which she jobbed three or four times against my daughter—I ran to her assistance—she was covered with blood—the prisoner called me a b—cow, and said she would stick me with the bknife through my b—heart—she then went in-doors, and I took my daughter to a surgeon.





WILLIAM HENRY DRY
. I am a surgeon. The prisoner was brought to me on Thursday evening, 18th Oct.—I found a fracture of the left arm, about two and a half inches above the wrist—I also found an incised wound about two inches above the elbow joint, about an inch and a half in extent, and an incised wound on the face and left side of the nose—on examining her next morning she called my attention to an incised wound in the chest of about an inch—the incised wounds were superficial, dividing veins but not arteries—there had been considerable effusion of blood—she is under my care now—the fracture might have been produced by a blow with a poker—it must have required considerable force. JOHN THOROUGHGOOD (policeman, P 180). I took the prisoner, and told her what she was charged with—she said she had no business in her room—while she paid her rent no one should come into her room—she had in her hand part of the handle of a knife—I searched, and found this blade of a dinner-knife in her apartment (produced)—I found this poker in the fire-place—the prisoner had been drinking, but was quite conscious of what she was doing—I found part of the handle of a knife near the front door, near where the prosecutrix says she was stabbed—I did not see any wood in the room.

(The prisoner's statement before the Magistrate was read, as follows: "I have got no more to say than that she came into my room, and burst my door open frequently, and took my key away last evening.")




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.

