




925. 




GEORGE MARTIN
 and 




JAMES M'CARTHY
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 looking-glass, value 2l., the goods of 



William Twilley.






WILLIAM TWILLEY
. I am a looking-glass manufacturer in Hackney-road. On the 16th of Feb., about eight o'clock, I missed a looking-glass from my shop—I had seen it safe about seven the same evening—it has not been found.





GEORGE UPHAM
. I live in Crab Tree-row. About ten minutes to eight o'clock on that evening, I was coming with Croucher, and saw six boys looking into the prosecutor's shop—the smallest of them went in twice, and brought the glass out the second time—the other five were standing at the corner of the gardens, watching—the prisoners are two of them—M'Carthy was at the window, and Martin received the glass from the little boy—they then went down Cooper's-gardens—I went in and told the young man—they were taken the next morning—I new them again—I had seen them before, and am sure they are them.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. M'Carthy did no more than stand at the window? A. No—they all went away together—I was not looking in

the shop at the time the little boy went in—there was no one in the shop the first time he went in—we stood about five minutes—I described the whole six of the boys to Croucher—I did not stop quite opposite the window—there was nothing to prevent their seeing me—I used to work at horse-hair work about six weeks ago—I have been doing nothing since—I am living with my father—I had been out of work eight weeks—I was discharged because they had no work for me—I do not know where the smallest boy who took the glass lives—I have seen him with the others—I have never been with him myself.





RICHARD CROUCHER
. I was with Upham near the prosecutor's—I saw a little boy go in twice, and the last time he came out with a looking-glass—he gave it to Martin—M'Carthy was standing against the window—they all went away together.

Cross-examined. Q. What age are you? A. Twelve years—I and Upham were playing together—we had been opposite the prosecutor's about an hour—I had been for a walk with Upham round Hackney-road and by Shoreditch church—we live near each other—we both stopped opposite the shop.

Martin's Defence. On that night I was over the water selling my things—I did not get home till nine or ten o'clock.
(Mr. Charles Brooks, a box-maker, gave M'Carthy a good character.)

MARTIN*—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.

M'CARTHY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.





Transported for seven years—Penitentiary


