



1719. 




WILLIAM BROMELL
 was again indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Samuel Lankester, about the hour of three in the night, on the 
30th of March, at 
Lambeth, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 medal, value 7s.; 1 knife, value 1s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 4s.; 1/2 lb. weight of cigars, value 5s.; 4lbs. weight of ham, value 3s.; 1/4 lb. weight of tobacco, value 1s.; 1 1/2 pint brandy, value, 6s.; 1 shilling, 1 sixpence, 1 twopenny-piece, 100 pence, 100 halfpence, and 10 farthings; his property.


MR. CHARNOCK
conducted the prosecution.






SAMUEL LANKESTER
. I keep the Red Lion, in Fore-street, in the parish of Lambeth—I occupy the whole house. On the 30th of March I was the last person up, on my premises—I retired at 12 o'clock, after fastening every thing except one shutter at the back of the house, which was not fast—the window was shut—the shutter was up, and a bolt went through the window-chill to fasten it, but we could not get into the room, having lost the key—the bar-door was locked—I came down about seven in the morning—my premises were undergoing repairs, which Brown was superintending—I found the parlour shutter taken down, the window open, and the bar-door unlocked, which was locked when I went to bed—I found several boxes in the bar had been opened—one was a club box—they bad locks to them—I missed the money and articles stated in the indictment—this silver medal I can positively speak to from its general appearance, and the letter "P" on it—it was taken from the club-box—I have no marks on this twopenny-piece and the handkerchief—I lost a cotton handkerchief of this pattern.

Cross-examined by
MR. RYLAND. Q. Had you any mark on the medal? A. No—it had been in my possession about eighteen months—I speak to it with certainty—I never saw one like it—it was given into my possession when I took the house—it belongs to the club, which is still in existence—I am answerable for it to the club—I have no doubt of its being the same—I saw it safe the Monday week before, under lock and key.





JAMES LOCKYER
. I am in the service of Mr. Dempster, a pawnbroker, in the Blackfriars-road. On Thursday, the 31st of March, about six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner sold me this medal—I asked him several questions—he said he had had it six months, had pawned it several times, and was tired of pawning it—I told him I thought it belonged to the members of the Vintners' Company, and they could give him more than I could, I could give him no more than the price of old silver—he said he had had it by him six months, and would sell it—I gave him 3s. for it—he seemed surprised, and said, "Does it weigh more than half a crown?"—I said, "Yes"—I have no doubt of him, his face was dirty, and he was dressed as a waterman—I gave a description of him to an officer, the man who was sent round with the Hue and Cry, describing the property stolen.


Cross-examined. Q. How long have you had no doubt of him? A. From the first time I saw him—I never said I had a doubt of him—I never saw him till he sold the medal—I saw him again in rather more than a week—I did not say I believed it was him—I said I had not the least doubt—I told Mr. Trail so—we do not buy such things every day—I noticed the Vintners' arms upon it.





JEREMIAH BROWN
. I am a plasterer, and live in Mill-street, Lambethwalk. I was employed whitewashing and repairing Mr. Lankester's premises—on the 31st of March I arrived there precisely at six o'clock—the clock was just about striking—I pulled my watch out—that is my time for going to work—it struck six a minute or two after I got there—I dare say my watch was correct—it is what I always go by—I was at work at the house next door—not at this house—I had then to go up the court belonging to Mr. Lankester, and found the back gate open—that was exactly at ten minutes past six—I went to the water-closet, and on coming out saw Mr. Lankester's back-parlour shutters down, and also his back-door open—I did not suspect anything—I thought Mr. Lankester was up and about, as he had had soldiers billetted there two days before—the window was open—I saw nobody go in or out.

Cross-examined. Q. You did not hear the clock strike at all, did yon? A. No—I go by my watch—I looked at it—it might want a minute or two to six—I was there just before six—it was not after six—I could not say it was precisely six, or two minutes before—I regulate my watch by my landlord's clock, sometimes, not by any other clock—it was not till ten minutes after six I found the gate open—I did not give any alarm then.





MARIA PARKER
. I am single, and live at No. 9, Whiting-street, Lambeth. I saw the twopenny-piece in the room belonging to Warren, on the morning of the 5th of April—this is it—it was found in her apron-pocket, in her room—a bag was there found containing sixteen keys.





JOSEPH BROOK
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody on the morning of the 5th of April, within fifty yards of No. 9, Whiting-street—I found this handkerchief in his pocket—I went to No. 9, Whiting-street, and found the twopenny-piece produced.




GUILTY of Larceny. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years more.

Before Mr. Baron Alderson.

