



1135. 




JOSEPH ALEXANDER
 was again indicted

 for stealing a half-crown, the money of 



Samuel Alexander.


MESSERS. CLARKSON and ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






LEAH ALEXANDER
. I am the wife of Samuel Alexander, fur-dealer, of Union-street, Spitalfields. The prisoner was in the habit of calling at our

house for the last two or three months—about the 16th of March, for particular reasons, I got a half-crown marked by Martha Kemp—I saw it marked with a pin—she scratched the name Martha on it, and put it on the mantelpiece—the prisoner called that day, I had seen the half-crown about an hour before he came in—he gave me a letter, in the German language, to read, while I was reading it my face was turned from the mantel-piece—he stood by the fire—when I had finished the letter I gave it him back, and he took his hat and went away—I missed the half-crown, and informed my husband—he went after the prisoner—nobody but the prisoner had been in the room from the time I saw the half-crown on the shelf till I missed it—this produced is it.

Prisoner. Q. How long have you known me. A. Five or six years—when I first knew you, you lived in Peahen-court, Bishopsgate—you called on me then as a friend, that was all—you never lent us any money—I and my husband did not call on you, before the Jews' Passover, to go with my husband and buy some skins to suit us, and have the profit of the skins for the benefit of the Passover—you had called on the Friday before the 16th March, when I missed some money—you did not call on Monday—I can read and write German a little, not English—I could not well mark the half-crown—I was present when it was marked—it was done in my room on the 16th March, in the morning—I was not aware that you were coming there that day—when I had told my husband I had missed the half-crown, he was down stairs in the back-place—my husband was indicted for conspiracy—Harris Michael was his bail—I do not know that on the Tuesday before this happened, you had caused a writ to be served on Michael Harris for 76l.—I have not seen him at our house since you served him with a writ—I was not aware that Kerp was taken up by you for forgery—I speak German—I am not a countrywoman of Kerp's—I so not know where he comes from—I know Miss Thompson—I know Hyam Route—I do not know that Miss Thompson is Hyam Route's sweetheart.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. When was your husband indicted? A. I cannot recollect—he was acquitted.





SAMUEL ALEXANDER
. I am a dealer in furs. The prisoner is no relation of mine—he was in the habit of calling at my house, 2, Union-street, Spitalfields, for four or five months, and very often before for five or six years, but not above five or six times—I knew of the half-crown being marked and put on the mantel-piece—I was not aware that the prisoner was about to call on 16th March—I was in-doors below, when he called—the half-crown was on the mantel-piece—when I went below—nobody was in the room when I left except my wife and the prisoner—I did not see him leave the house—my wife came and told me he was gone—I went out directly and overtook him in Barbican, near Chiswell-street, and saw a policeman, and gave him in charge for stealing a half-crown—the policeman went up to him and said "You must go into custody—this man gives you in charge for stealing a half-crown" I went with him and the policeman to the station—he was searched—I saw some gold, silver, a duplicate, and some flash notes, found on him—before he was searched the inspector asked what I brought him there for—I said I charged him with stealing a half-crown—I described it as marked—said that I could not read English, but that it was marked by a person I could bring forward—it was marked by Martha Kemp.

Prisoner. Q. How long have you known me? A. Five or six years—I never borrowed money from you, I swear—I did not owe you 8l. on the 16th of March, nor did I promise to pay part of if—I was not a farthihg in you in your debt—I did not pay you 1l. in silver, on the 16th of March.


Q. Did you not meet me once in Holborn, with a friend of mine, and I ask you for the 8l., and you answer me that you could not pay me all at once, as the Passover was near? A. No, never—you never lent me a halfpenny—I have known Harris Michael, seven, eight, or ten years perhaps—I have been in London nearly fourteen years—I never came to your residence, 23, Union-street, to ask you to lent me a farthing—I swear that I and you did not leave my house together on the 16th of March—we did not go to a public-house in Bishopsgate-street, and ask for half a quartern of rum and shrub—I never drank with you in my life—I swear I did not go with you to Sun-street—you left my house without my knowledge—you had told me you lived at Islington-green—I went the direct way to your house, into Sun-street, Bishopsgate, and into Finsbury-square—I was running very quick, and saw him in Crown-street—I was looking round for a policeman, to give him into custody—Crown-street is ten minutes' walk from Barbican—I could not see a policeman all the way—my wife had told me the half-crown was marked—she showed it me on the mantel-piece—she put it there because I had lost several things every night—I had lost three shillings on the 12th of March, when you came into my house—there is a coffee-shop—you came through the shop, knocked at the door, and went to have some coffee—I was unwell, and was in bed at the time—I had three shillings on the mantelpiece—I missed them, and went to the policeman about it—I was indicted by a person of the name of "Phillip James," for concealing tradesmens' goods, but there was no Phillip James—nobody came against us—it is about two years since—very respectable people were bail for me—Harris Michael was one—I know that you have served him with a copy of a writ—last time I saw him was on Tuesday night, after I gave you into custody—he would have nothing to say to me—he has not given me money to prosecute you for the half-crown—it is at my expense—he has paid me nothing—on the 17th of March I was examined before Sir Peter Laurie—I believe I made the same statement that I have now—he did not say he would not believe one word I said—he asked if I was a Polish refugee, and whether I kept a gin-shop—you were remanded about this half-crown.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You got the half-crown marked in consequence of a previous loss? A. Yes—I consulted Fitzgerald, the policeman, about it—he recommended marking it—I never owed the prisoner a farthing.





ROBERT FITZGERALD
 (policeman). On Saturday, the 13th of March, I think, the prosecutor consulted me about losing some money—I advised him to mark a piece of money.





SAMUEL SPENCE
 (City police-constable, No. 119). On the 16th of March I was on duty in Barbican—the prisoner was given into my charge by the prosecutor—he stated what it was for—I do not think the prisoner could hear it—I told him he was charged by that gentleman with stealing a marked half-crown—he said, "My God! me got no silver, me got gold," and put his hand to his pocket—I took him to the station, searched him, and found on him five sovereigns, and twenty-two shillings and sixpence in silver, and this half-crown.

Prisoner. Were not you present at the time the first statement was made by me to the prosecutor? A. There was no conversation between you till you got to the station—then you said, "My God! you owe me 8l., and have paid me 1l. of silver, and gave me the half-crown."

MR. CLARKSON. Q. That was after he had no silver? A. Yes.





MARTHA KEMP
. On the 16th of March I was in the service of Mr. Wills, of Union-street, Spitalfields, the same house as the prosecutor—on that day I was requested by Mr. Alexander to mark a half-crown for

her—I marked it with a pin—this produced is it—I put "Mar" in one corner, and "tha" in another—I gave it to Mr. Alexander.

Prisoner. Q. Can you write? A. Yes—(here the witness, at prisoner's desire, wrote her name)—the half-crown was marked the same morning—I was fetched home by my husband after you were taken in custody.
[The prisoner, in a long and unconnected defence, stated that the whole charge was the result of a conspiracy against him, between the prosecutor and Harris Michael, to prevent proceedings against Michael, whom he had served with a copy of a writ; that the reason the prosecutor did not take him till he got to Barbican was that he should be taken to the Police station at which Edwards was stationed, and that the prosecutor never stated to the policeman that the half-crown was marked.]
----SMITH I do not know the prosecutor by name—I have seen him—( looking at him)—I recollect the time Mr. Lacom resided at the prisonner's house—I was in the habit of seeing him there—to the best of my belief, I saw the prosecutor there—I will swear I have seen him there—I recollect the prosecutor calling there about some favours the prisoner had done him—I cannot exactly say what he said—they were talking on matters of business, I cannot say what—they seemed to be the best of friends—it is a long time ago—I cannot charge my memory to swear to anything that passed—I do not recollect his calling and telling the prisoner if he lent him 3l. he should have some skins—I recollect meeting him with the prisoner in Holborn—I heard the prisoner ask him to pay him some money he owed him.

COURT. Q. When was this? A. About three weeks before I read the account of the prisoner's examination—the prosecutor said he could not pay him then, but he would give him some by instalments—I think he said the following week he would give him some.

Prisoner. Q. Were you at Guildb✗all when I was examined? A. I was there twice when you were examined—this case was commenced the first time, and it was put aside, and another case was commenced.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. What are you? A. I have been doing nothing, for nearly twelve months—I was in the Custom-house before that—I was there from Oct., 1841, until last Nov.—I was off duty some time, because I was in debt—I was not turned away—I absented myself from duty, and was suspended—I have not been in trouble besides being in debt—I have been a witness in a Court of Justice before—I think in the case of Simeon, against some bankers at Salisbury—I do not know that Alexander had anything to do with that—I had nothing to do with it—he was there, not conducting the case, nor was he a witness—I was for the plaintiff—I do not know whether Alexander was for the plaintiff—I know nothing about by whom he was employed—my subpcena✗ was served by an attorney, of Lyons Inn, named Richardson—I have it in my possession now—I did not know at that time that Alexander was clerk to Richardson—I am not bound to say how I get my living—my friends are very well off, and support me—I have not been here as a witness before—I am now with an attorney—I do not know that I am bound to give his name—I have been with him three weeks or a month—I write at his office, and get paid for it every day—his name is Wood—he has put an execution into Gates' chambers—I have seen Samuel Alexander at different times, at different residences—I saw him at Islington, and Brompton; I was with Alexander when we met him in Holborn; I had met him in the neighbourhood of New Oxford-street; I was coming from my uncle's.


COURT. Q. How came you to have any doubt the prosecutor's identity, if you had all this conversation about three weeks ago? A. I had no conversation with the prosecutor; and their names are both alike; I was present at the conversation between them; I looked at the prosecutor, as I wished to be careful.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. How long did the conversation in Holborn last? A. We were in a public-house opposite Gray's-inn lane about ten minutes—we had something to drink—I think it was the second time the prisoner was charged that I was at the Police-court—I did not offer to give evidence—I was not asked to go then—I saw it in the newspaper, and went, having nothing to do—I have seen him once since that, in Newgate—it must be there weeks ago.





JOHN THOMPSON
. I am a foreigner. I have known the prosecutor four or five years—I have done business with him once or twice—I know Mr. Alexander—I do not know whether she knows me—I should hardly say she did—I believe I was once at her house, never more—I never had dealings with her—I cannot say whether she knows my daughter—I think I recollect the day the prisoner was taken into custody, by a policeman coming for me about seven o'clock in the evening, and informing me that he was taken into custody—he had been at my house, it may be between one and two o'clock that day, and told me the prosecutor was indebted to him 8l.—I understood repeatedly that that was so—I have known the prisoner personally about twelve months—all I know about his character is that he has paid me honourably for what I have done—I cannot say as to his previous character.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Do you know of any charge being brought against him? A. I do not—I have heard such things—I have seen it published in placards—I saw the bills some three years ago, but I knew nothing of him personally then—it was about forgery and other things I was not acquainted with—I am not giving him a character—I know that he has been sentenced to six months in the House of Correction for fraud, by a paragraph in the paper—I did not serve writs for Alexander—my name is John Thompson—this paper is not my writing—(looking at one)—I cannot say whether it is my son's—I think it is like his—I have no doubt about it—I cannot swear it is—I believe it to be his—I think my son served a writ for Mr. Alexander on one occasion.





JACOB JONES
. I recollect Samuel Alexander being examined before Sir Peter Laurie, on the 17th of March—he stated that prisoner was in the habit of calling at his residence, to teach his wife languages—on cross-examination Mr. Alexander said that that was not true—that he did not teach her.




GUILTY. Aged 50.—Recommended to mercy—




Transported Seven Years.

There was another indictment against the prisoner—he was also convicted of a misdemeanor in 1837.
