





2301. 




GEORGE WOOD
 and 




HENRY BLAGDON
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
30th of June, 8 sacks, value 6s.; 5 bushels of flour, value 2l. 15s.; 4 bushels of meal, called middling, value 20s.; and 6 bushels of pollard, value 6s.; the goods of 



Thomas Andrews: and 





JOHN SAVAGE



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to be stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS ANDREWS
. I am a miller, and live at East Moulsey. I have a brother, George William Andrews, who is a corn and flour dealer, and lives at Brentford—I grind his corn for him. On the 24th and 25th of June I saw some sacks of pollard and flour counted out and delivered from my mill—I counted sixty sacks of pollard myself, and saw them put on board a lug-boat, called the Dreadnought, belonging to Mr. Page, a lighterman—Wood had the charge of the boat, and Blagdon was the boy attending it—it was partly laden on the 24th, and finished on the 25th—there should have been 120 sacks put on board for one customer, eighty for another, and fifty sacks of flour, which were to have been left at Messrs, Rayment's wharf, on our own account—I was not aware that any other sacks were taken from the mill than those I have mentioned, and they all reached their destination—I made out two of the delivery tickets for them myself—I employed Mr. Page, as a lighterman, and he employed Wood—I have seen a sack of flour, a sack of middlings, and a sack of pollard—one

of the sacks is mine, one my brother's, and the other is a sack that was on my premises—I can swear to my own sack and my brother's, and the pollard the middlings, and the flour which they contain, are such articles as I had in my premises, and I believe them to he mine—the middlings is in an unmanufactured state, it is too light for a sack of flour, and too heavy for a sack of pollard—it could not have been taken by mistake—the prisoners had not the opportunity of taking this property unless they had got into the mill, or the man in the mill had let them have it—the sack of floor is worth about 55s., the pollard about 5s. or 6s., and the middling about 20s.—my man Hurdle counted the remainder of the sacks after I left.

Cross-examined by
MR. RYLAND. Q. How soon after the 25th of June did you see the three sacks? A. I think on the 30th—I have a large stock of sacks—as my brother manufactures goods at my mill I hare some hundreds of his sacks there—I have sacks at my customers in different parts, and I fear I lose a great many—I would swear to the contents of these three sacks if I am allowed to swear to samples—these middlings unmanufactured are so different to any thing that ever goes out of a mill, that I can swear to that more than any thing—there are various sorts of middlings, but this is not cleaned off, it ought not to have gone to any body in this state—my complaint is that there were more sacks on board this boat than there ought to have been—I have not known that on some occasions there has been two or three more sacks counted into a boat than there ought to have been—I have heard of bargemen saying there was not the quantity there ought to have been on board—we put in the number ordered, and if the bargeman says it is not right, we count it and make it right.





JAMES HURDLE
. I am in Mr. Andrews's employ; Wood and Blagdon are in the employ of Page, the lighterman. On the 24th and 25th of June I counted sixty sacks of one sort of pollard, and eighty of another, and fifty sacks of flour—they were put into the Dreadnought for what I know—I did not stand by all the time—my master had counted the sacks before me.

Cross-examined by
MR. RYLAND. Q. You did not see them all put In the boat? A. No—I saw them after they were in, but did not count them.





FRANCIS NASH
. I am a wharfinger, at Pickle Herring wharf, Tooley-street, in the county of Surrey. On Wednesday, the 30th of June, I saw Page's lug-boat, the Dreadnought, alongside of my premises, at a little after, ten o'clock in the morning—Blagdon was on board of it alone—I desired him to move the lug-boat from alongside of my premises, and he said he was waiting for his mate—about an hour after that I saw Wood in company with Savage, who passed on the land side of my wharf, walking in the street together—I knew Savage before, and my suspicions were excited—I saw Wood get into the lug-boat—some porters were standing by, and some of them got into the lug-boat with him—Wood then pulled the tarpaulin off something that was in the boat—I saw him and one of the porters up-end a sack, which I supposed was a sack of flour, and they hove it on another porter's back—immediately after, before the porter was out of the boat, another sack, which I supposed to be flour, was up-ended, and placed on another porter's back—I then walked to the land side of my premises, and saw the "first sack come from off the slip way into the street,

on the porter's back; and shortly after that the second sack came—I then went and took the names on the sacks, and followed them to the end of Stoney-lane—Savage was following the two porters with the sacks, and they went to a van, which was standing opposite to Stanton's wharf, about 120 yards from the place of landing—I took the name of the van, and sent my son for a policeman, and desired him to come down Stoney-lane—a lad named Collins was with the van—a third sack was then brought and placed in the van, by the porter who brought the first sack—Savage assisted the porter in putting one of the sacks into the van, and he stood there superintending the loading of it—the sacks that were put into the van are now in a cart, outside this court—the name of "Collins, Vinegar-yard," was on the van—Savage is a professed dealer in marine stores—he lives by the water side, very near my premises—when the van had driyea off about fifty yards the policeman came—I then asked the boy Collins, who was driving it, where he was going with the flour—he said, "I don't know; that man (pointing to Savage, who was on the foot-path) has employed me"—I then turned round to Savage, and he said, "I know nothing at all about it; I have not employed him"—he was about to go away, when Collins desired the policeman to stop him—the policeman said be would take the van and Collins and Savage to the station, and he desired me to come—I said I would, but I would first go and secure the two men who landed the flour—I went, and the boat was gone—I called the police-bolt, and told the inspector—he told me to get into his boat—he rowed some distance, and got alongside the lug-boat—I pointed out Wood as the man who assisted to get out the flour—Wood said he had not been at pickle Herring at all, but he bad been at Bank-side delivering flour; but while the boat was rowing up, he said it was no use denying it, he had been at Pickle Herring, but Blagdon knew nothing about it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You do not know whether Wood and Savage were talking? A. No—I saw them walking together on the land side of my premises, and I saw Savage stand before one of the porters, and push the sack into the van—any labouring man might have done that, who saw the porter wanted assistance—after Collins pointed out Savage as the man who had employed him, I said to Savage, "Where are you going with the flour?"—he said, "I do not know, I did not employ him"—Collins said, "Yes, you did"—I have known Savage seventeen or eighteen years.





HENRY COLLINS
. I am the son of Samuel Collins; he lives in Vinegar-yard, and lets out vans. On the 30th of June, Savage came to my father's, about eleven in the morning—(I had known him before)—he wanted to know if I had got a horse and cart—I said, "No, but I had got the van "—he said that would do—I asked what it was for—he said to take two sacks of flour from Pickle Herring—I asked where they were to go to—he said by St. George's church—he said he wanted me directly, and I was to have 2s. for the journey—he told me to go down as soon as I could, and he would go home and get his coat and come—I put the horse in the van, and went down to Pickle Herring—he was not there—I went on to the corner of the next entrance—he came to me, and came with me to Stoney-lane—he told me to draw up and turn round the van, he let the tail-board down, and said they would bring the flour to me —a porter then brought one sack, and then a second sack came, and Savage came with it—the man who brought the second sack turned round

with it to the van, and Savage put his band up to shove it in—Savage then told me to come on—he walked on, and I got out of the van to follow him—a man hallooed to me that he was coming with another sack—instead of stopping to take it, I ran round the corner to Mr. Savage to know if that was right—all that be said was, "Come on"—I went back to the man, and the third sack was put into the van—Savage had turned down Stoney-lane—he did not come back—I drove on, and when I got on by the brewer's gate, I said to Savage, "Will you get up?"—he said, "No"—I said, "Where am I to go to?"—he said, "Drive it home to your own place, and if any body asks you who hired you, do not tell them"—I told him I did not know what he meant, and just then, I saw the policeman coming—Savage was about to go away, and I told the policeman to take Savage, as I saw there was something wrong—Mr. Nash came up directly.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Is this the first little thing of this sort you have been in? A. Yes—I never bad' any thing to do with the police before—I was not going to take the van to our own house—I asked Savage again where I was to take it, because be had not told me any street or house to take it to, but only by St. George's church—I was examined at Union-ball, and I stated there that Savage told me to take it to our own house, and if any body asked me who hired me, not to tell them—I was seventeen years old last June—my father has one van and two carts—he was gone to Romford on that day—I was in custody on Wednesday when the policeman took me—I was in the station a few hours—I was bailed when I was before the Magistrate, and on the Monday, the Magistrate said I must come again on the Wednesday as a witness.





THOMAS THOMPSON
 (police-constable M 78.) I was sent for on the 30th of June to go to Stoney-lane—I saw two sacks of flour in the van, and one of pollard—Collins was by the bone—Savage was on the foot-path—he was going away from the van when he saw me coming down—Collins told me to take him into custody—Mr. Nash was there at the time—I took the van and the sacks, and Collins and Savage.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Had you received notice of this before? A. Yes, Mr. Nash sent his son to me—I asked Savage what they were—he said be did not know, he had nothing to do with them—it was from what Collins said that I took Savage.





JAMES FOGG
. I am inspector of the Thames-police. On the 30th of June, I saw the Dreadnoughts lug-boat coming from Pickle Herring, and soon after I received notice from Nash, and went in pursuit of the lug-boat—it was then about a mile off, near to Rotherhithe—I found Wood and Blagdon in it—I asked them what they had been doing at Piekle Herring—they said they had not been at Pickle Herring at all—I asked where they had got the three sacks of flour that they landed there—they said they had landed no flour there—I took them into custody, and brought them up the river—on the way to the station, I said, "I know you have landed the flour there; where did it come from?"—they said they brought it from the mill—I said, "If you had it over, why did not you take it to the mill again?"—they said they were afraid of getting the people at the mill into trouble.

Cross-examined by
MR. RYLAND. Q. Did they both speak with one voice? A. They both said three or four times that they bad landed no flour there—I then said they must go with me—I did not tell them

they had better tell all about it—I know it is customary with lightermen to take goods back if they hare too much—I have been thirty years on the river.
(Wood received a good character.)

WOOD—



GUILTY. Aged 22.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.—



Confined Nine Months.

BLAGDON—



GUILTY. Aged 74.—Recommended to mercy by the



Prosecutor and Jury.—



Confined Two Months.

SAVAGE—


GUILTY
. Aged 74.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

