



353. 




JOHN PRUDENCE



, unlawfully obtaining money of 



William Charles Lucy and 



John Boutherway by false pretences.



MESSRS. RYLAND
and
LAURIE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM CHARLES LUCY.
 I live in Wardour-street—in March last I adrertised for a situation—I offered 30l. to any one who would procure me one—in consequence of a letter I received, I went to Cannon-street and saw the prisoner—he represented that he had to engage a traveller for the firm of Zillah and Co., of Bush-lane, and that he was a relative of the firm—he said he had it in his power to procure me a situation as town-traveller—we parted, and I had some correspondence with him afterwards—on 25th March, I again met him—he told me he thought of going into business for himself—he said that Zillah and C. had offered him two or three agencies, as he had been in the firm some time—he offered to engage me as town-traveller and collector to him in chicory and chemical matters—I was to deposit 30l. as security—he took a counting-house at No. 20, Beer-lane—the name of Rust was put up afterwards—I deposited 30l. with him by instalments—on the 4th April I gave him 3l.; on the 14th, 6l.; on the 30th another 6l., and on 21st May 15l., making 30l. in all—I travelled for him, and produced a few orders—I believe one of them was executed—I got 30s. for one week's salary, and 20s. on account—I found it was desirable to get my money back, and I spoke to him several times—he made excuses every week and said he had money in several parts, but it had not come in and he could not pay me—I never saw anything but samples in his shop—I received perhaps a dozen orders, only one was executed—I parted with the 30l. to get the situation—I believe there was a firm of Zillah and Co.—he said they were going to give the agencies up to him—"Rust and Co." was up in Beer Lane—I never saw anybody there but the prisoner.

Prisoner. Q. Was there not an agreement stamped? A. Yes—I never saw any promissory note—I went with my friend Mr. Sizely to the wharf, and saw thirty-four barrels of pitch in my name—they were represented as worth 1l. apiece, but they did not turn out to be worth 5s.—they did not pay the expenses—I was obliged to write to the person to dispose of them—you told me there were a great many persons coming into the firm.





ELIZABETH RUSSELL.
 I am the wife of John Russell, of 8, Bush-lane—he keeps the whole house—the prisoner had occupied the ground-floor-office in the name of Zillah—"Zillah and Co." was on the outside, and "J. W. Zillah" on the inside door—I never knew the prisoner by any other name than Zillah—I never saw any one in the office at all connected with the business but him—letters come occasionally—some in the name of Zillah, and some in the name of Prudence—I laid them on the table till he or his wife came—there were packages of little parcels, but I never saw any business carried on at all.

Prisoner. Q. There was no engagement for you to keep the counting-house? A. No—you asked me to open the shutters when you were not there—you always answered to the name of Zillah—I do not know of a bill being presented.

MR. RYLAND.
Q. Could Messrs. Zillah and Co. have transacted business without your knowing it? A. No—it was impossible.

Prisoner. We did not wish to trouble you, my wife and I tapped at the window, and we opened the door ourselves. Witness. That could not be, I was always on the look—I doubted the respectability of the parties—there was nothing there worth a shilling—and if any one called, you used to shut the office door and speak to them in the passage—that gave me a suspicion.






JOHN BOUTHERWAY.
 I live in Henry-street, Bedford-square, Commercial-road—I advertised for a situation—I received an answer, and saw the prisoner at Pool's Tavern, Fish-street-hill, and 20, Beer-lane—"Rust and Co." was over the door—the prisoner told me he was travelling for the firm of Rust and Co.—he was going off it, but he could procure me the same—they were chicory merchants—I was to deposit 10l. as security for receiving money for the firm—I deposited 1l. on 20th June, and made as agreement for the situation to have thirty shillings a week for three months certain, and after that five shillings a week more, as traveller and collector for the firm of Rust—I deposited 1l. to keep the situation open for a week—the next morning I made inquiries, and thought it was not right—I went into the office and saw there were no goods—I gave the pound to the prisoner, believing I was to be traveller for Rust and Co.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not tell you at Poole's, I could give you an agency in the colour line, you would have to call on coach-makers? A. Yes—you said you were agent for colours—when I came to Beer-lane I did not have a promissory note—you gave me a memorandum for "Self and Co.," but it is lost—I went next morning and said I wanted my sovereign back—you gave me an I O U—that is lost—I went into the counting-house next day and waited till seven at night.





ANN CHRISTY.
 I am the wife of William Christy, of 20, Beer-lane—the prisoner hired the front counting-house on the ground floor, in the name of Prudence, and the name of Rust and Co. was put up—I did not see any person come there, or any business carried on—a few very small boxes came—I only saw Mr. Lucy come, who had anything to do with the business—some letters came in the name of Prudence, and some in the name of Rust and Co.—they were given to the prisoner.

Prisoner. Q. You had no arrangement to attend to the counting-house? A. No—persons might come in and I not see them, but it is not very likely—I was in and out—I had very strong suspicion.





GEORGE SEAMAN
 (policeman, H 150.) On 26th Nov., I saw Boutherway, and took the prisoner for obtaining a sovereign under false pretences—I took him to Denmark-street station—he said he could not have defrauded the prosecutor out of a sovereign, for he had given him an I O U for 2l. for it.

Prisoner's Defence. When I called at Poole's Tavern, I told the prosecutor I had an interest in the firm, and I gave him the card; there was such a firm; he came next day and entered into an agreement, he was to give me 10l., holding a note for the value; he gave me the sovereign, and said if I would keep it open till the following Monday, he would give me the rest; I gave him a note for it, in the name of "Self and Co.;" he came next day in a very abrupt manner and demanded the sovereign; he came next day; I was ill; my wife was there; she said, "I have got seven shillings and sixpence in my pocket, I will give you that;" he struck my wife in the breast; Mr. Rust came in, and reasoned with him, and told him he was hindering business.





JOHN BOUTHERWAY

re-examined. A man came in, dressed like a farmer—they said you were gone in the country—there was no business going on there.

Prisoner. Mr. Rust desired my wife to come home; is it likely, when there was a mob of people round the door they would pay him; I was forming an excellent connexion; I had lived two years in one place, one years in

another, and six years in one establishment, and kept a banking account—I was a large tallow-melter, and the largest holder of tea-lead in England—there would have been 600l. thrown into the firm that very week, had not Bowtherway come and made that disturbance—the business would have brought me in 3000l. a-year—I was, it is true, a bankrupt; but it was superseded—Mr. Rust and Mr. Zillah might have come to the counting-house without any one seeing them—there was no false representation; Mr. Lucy had thirty-four casks of pitch as security, and he was agreeable to let the wages stand.
(John Faulkner Cooper gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 45.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(MR. RYLAND stated that ten or twelve other persons had been also defrauded by the prisoner.)
