



675. 




JOHN DAVIS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
7th of January, 2 shillings, 1 penny, and 6 halfpence, the monies of 




John Cuttell; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ANN CUTTELL
. I am the wife of John Cuttell, a grocer, in Crown-street, Westminster. On the 7th of January, between four and five o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to our shop, and said he wanted a quarter of a pound of sugar; that he came from Mrs. May, who keeps a beer-shop opposite, and they were making egg-hot—he tendered what I supposed to be a half-crown in payment, but which afterwards turned out to be a bad five-shilling piece—I gave him two shillings, six halfpence, and a penny-piece, in changes—one halfpenny was rather bent—he said, "I have given yon a five-shilling piece"—I took it up, and said, "It is much smaller than a good five-shilling piece, I must light the gas to look at it"—he said, "If you doubt my word, you had better send over to Mrs. May, for there I got change for a sovereign"—I asked him to give me my change back again—he would not, but ran out of the shop—I pursued him—he ran as far as the public-house in Charlotte-street, where he was stopped—I was close behind him, and never lost sight of him—I am sure he is the same boy that came to my shop—I gave the five-shilling piece to the police-sergeant.

Prisoner. Q. What made you give me 2s. 4d. change, if it was a crown-piece? A. I took it for a half-crown—I did not put it into my pocket—the change I gave you I got from the counter—I took none out of my pocket—I had no other crown-piece.





JOHN MASSEY TIERNEY
. I am a police-sergeant. I was called on on the evening of the 7th of January—a publican in Charles-street stopped the prisoner, who fell as he was running—I took him to the station, and, concealed inside the lining of his hat, I found two shillings, six halfpence, and a penny-piece—a handkerchief was also found on him.


Prisoner. Q. Which way was I running? A. Up the street, in a contrary direction from the prosecutor's shop—you had been drinking a little, but were perfectly sober, and sensible of what you were doing.





ELEANOR MAY
. I keep a public-house opposite Mrs. Cuttell's. I do not know the prisoner—I did not give him change for a sovereign on the 7th of January—I never saw him that day, and did not send him to Mrs. Cuttell for any sugar to make egg-hot.

Prisoners Defence. On Friday evening I went to this woman's house, and asked for a quarter of a pound of sugar; I gave her a good half-crown; she gave me 2s. 4d. change; I did not tell her what I was going to do with the sugar; I came out, and about a quarter of a mile from there a cab was coming along; I crossed, to save myself from being run over, kicked against the curb, and fell; the policeman seized me, and said, "I want you;" I made no resistance, but went with him to the station; the prosecutrix swears I gave her a five-shilling piece, and I never had such a thing in my possession; when she found I was not indicted for the Mint case, she had me detained for felony; she has not brought me here for the protection of property, but for the few shillings she will get for coming; she would swear my life away; she never made this statement till the day I was to be committed, although I was remanded three times; she made three or four different statements.





ANN CUTTELL

re-examined. I made the same statement before the Magistrate on the Saturday, at the first examination—he was remanded, for Mr. Powell, the solicitor of the Mint, to appear—I made the same statement at the station on the Friday as I have done here to-day.
J. M. TIERNEY
re-examined. I was at the station, and the prosecutrix gave exactly the same account there as she has to-day.





JOSEPH HEDINGTON
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I know the prisoner to be the person mentioned in the certificate—I was present at his trial.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.-


Transported for Seven Years.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

