



1913. 




HENRY THOMAS



, stealing 1 purse, value 3s., 3 half-crowns, and other moneys; the property of 



William Rider, from the person of 



Eliza beth Rider: having been before convicted.






THOMAS FISK
 (policeman, E 42). On the evening of 24th Sept. I was in High-street, St. Giles's, where there was a crowd—I saw Mrs. Rider there—the prisoner with two boys were fumbling up against her—I watched them two or three minutes, and saw them all three run away together—I ran after them, calling "Stop thief!" up High-street into New Oxford-street—Thomas ran into a house—I followed; he jumped over the walls, and I lost sight of him—I had not lost sight of him before—I then went to the prosecutrix, and in consequence of what she told me I went away, and saw the prisoner twenty minutes afterwards, coming over a fence—I took him—I knew him before, and am sure he is the man—I afterwards found this purse (produced) exactly in the place I saw him come from, behind the fence—it contained three half-crowns, three shillings, a threepenny and fourpenny piece, and a half-franc piece—the paling was about eight feet high.





ELIZABETH RIDER
. I am the wife of William Rider. On the evening of the 24th Sept. I was in High-street, St. Giles's, and saw the prisoner, with two boys, close to me—I am sure of him, he caught hold of the corner of my shawl—I found my purse was gone, which I had seen not half a minute before—I turned round, and saw them all three running away—I should not like to swear to this purse, but it looks like mine—my purse had three half-crowns, three shillings, a threepenny and fourpenny piece, and a half-franc piece in it.

Prisoner's Defence. The policeman has a spite against me; I saw all three boys run away; the prosecutrix swore at the police-court I was not the person.





WILLIAM WEST
 (policeman, F 7). I produce a certificate—(read—Henry Thomas, convicted May, 1845, of stealing from the person—confined six months)—I was present—the prisoner is the party.




GUILTY
.**† Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

