



420. 




MARK JOSEPH JOWSEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of Jan., at 
St. Luke, Chelsea, 2 half-crowns, 10 shillings, 10 sixpences, 24 pence, and 24 halfpence, the monies of 



Henry Robert Middleton, in his dwelling-house; and afterwards, about the hour of two in the night, burglariously breaking out of the said dwelling-house.






HENRY ROBERT MIDDLETON
. I keep the D'Oyley Arms public-house in Marlborough-road, in the parish of St. Luke, Chelsea—the prisoner has been in my service four or five months, but was not at the time of this transaction. On the 20th of Jan. I was the last person up—I examined the house before I went to bed—it was all shut up, and the doors and windows safe—I went to bed about half-past one—there was 1l. in silver

on the mantelpiece, and 3s. in coppers on the desk in the bar, which I left for the use of the servant, to give change with in the morning—in consequence of what I was told in the morning, I went to make inquiries of the prisoner—he told me he had been to the theatre that night—I could get nothing from him, and gave him into custody.





ISABELLA RANCE
. I am bar-woman to Mr. Middleton. On the morning of the 21st of Jan., I was the first person up—it was about half-past five when I came down—soon after that I required some change—I went to the place where it usually was, and there was none, nor any copper on the desk.





ALBERT SMITH
. I am pot-boy at the D'Oyley Arms. On the morning of the 21st of Jan., I came down stairs about half-past five o'clock, about the same time as Rance—I followed her down—I observed that the iron bar which goes across the door, leading into the back yard, was undone, and the door unfastened—I had fastened it myself the night before.





EDWARD ANDREWS
. I lodge in Wellington-buildings, King's-road, Chelsea. I know the prisoner by lodging there—he slept with me—I went to bed on Monday night, the 21st of Jan., about ten o'clock—the prisoner was not there then—I found him there about half-past seven in the morning—he asked me if I had got any breakfast—I said, "No"—he said he would lend me 3d.—when he was getting up, he showed me some silver, and some copper—there was about 1l. worth of silver—he said there was 3s. worth of copper—I saw him count it, and there was 3s. worth—I asked him how he come by it—he said he got it from Mr. Middleton's—he said he got into the house, and secreted himself under the sofa, and when Mr. Middleton was gone to bed, he came down, went into the bar, and took the money, that he pulled the bar of the door down, and went out.





ROBERT MITTELL
 (police-constable V 181.) The prisoner was given into my charge in Manor-street—I took him to Mr. Middleton's house—as we were going along the street, he said, "If you will look round the corner, you will find the money"—I looked into the corner, and there I found 19s. 2d. in silver, close to a house, at the corner of a garden.

Prisoner. Q. Where did you find the money? Q. In John's-place—when I took him, I told him Mr. Middleton suspected him of getting into his house, in some way or other, and robbing him—I did not say it would be better for him to own it.

Prisoner's Defence. The money was my own, and what I had saved up while I lived with Mr. Middleton; I had it in my pocket, and put in the garden, as the boy at the house said I had been robbing Mr. Middleton.




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Ten Years.—(See the case of Francis Mitchell, page 473.)
