



11. 




CHARLES MARTIN



, stealing 1 tame fowl, price 2s. and 1 sheet, value 3 s. the property of 



William Holgate; having been before convicted.






WILLIAM HOLGATE.
 I live at Staines. This sheet produced is my property—this fowl I believe to be mine—I saw the sheet safe on 16th Nov.,

between five and six o'clock in the evening—the fowls were all safe when they were fed that day—I know the prisoner well.





GEORGE HILL TRYER.
 (policeman, T 187.) On the morning of 17th Nov. I was on duty at Staines—I had been by Mr. Holgate's yard the night before—I saw the fowls all safe then, and a sheet over a chain—between two and three o'clock I went down again—the fowls and sheet were gone—I know the prisoner—I had marked his door that night by putting a rose-bush at it at eleven o'clock—I had seen him safe in his house at eight o'clock in the evening, and had passed his door every hour after that—I afterwards went to his house, and found the rose-bush was dropped down—I think the door had been opened—it is a bye-place, not where people pass—I asked for admittance, was let in, found the prisoner there, and asked him where he had been—his wife said to him, "You have been on to it again"—I then asked him whether he had got anything in the house—he said he had not—I searched, and found this sheet under the bed, and this fowl wrapped up in it, quite warm—this sheet has Mr. Holgate's initials—it is such a sheet as I had seen hanging up at his premises—I took the prisoner, took his boots off, and the sergeant and I fitted them to some marks in Mr. Holgate's yard—they exactly corresponded.





CHARLES BUTLER.
 This sheet is Mr. Holgate's property.

Prisoner's Defence. The officer brought the sheet and fowl to my house, and put it under the bed; I was in-doors by a quarter past six on Tuesday evening, and was in bed by eight; I never went out till the officer came on Wednesday morning.





GEORGE HILL TRYER

re-examined. I did not do so—his wife and daughter were there.





CHARLES BUTLER
 (police-sergeant, T 1.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted 31st Jan., 1842, having been before convicted; confined six months)—the prisoner is the man—he has been tried here since then, and at Horsemonger-lane.




GUILTY. Aged 43.—


Transported for Seven Years.

