



1013. 




JOHN CLARKE



was indicted for stealing 1 watch, value 4l. 10s.; and 1 watch-guard, 10s.; the goods of 



William Cresford, from his person.






WILLIAM CRESFORD
. I am a ship-carpenter, and live in East-street, Commercial-road. On the 24th of March, about nine o'clock at night. I went into a public-house in the Borough—I called for some gin and water—I was the worse for liquor when I went in—after I had been there a short time I saw the prisoner and others come in front of the bar—I found myself very much the worse for liquor, and I left the house—I had not got twenty yards before some person came and asked me to go back and have something more to drink—I refused—he gave me a shove—I fell, and felt him draw my watch and guard from me—the watch was in my pocket, and the guard over my neck—I got up as well as. I could, and called, "Stop thief!"—I lost sight of the person, but I went on. and met the policeman coming back with the prisoner—I went to the station, and soon after saw my watch and guard brought in by a female—this is it—it

was snatched from me a little after nine, and it was brought to the station between nine and ten, to the best of my recollection.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you recollect whether you went with any woman? A. I have a very imperfect recollection of what happened.





EDWARD OXLEY CLARKE
. On the night of the 24th of March I was coming from the Borough-market—I passed St. Thomas-street, about half-past nine o'clock—the prisoner brushed by me, and at the same moment I heard the prosecutor call out, "Stop thief!" and he seemed stumbling—I turned to run after the prisoner—he turned at the back of St. Saviour's church—the policeman, hearing the cry, caught him—I am sure he is the man that I saw running from the prosecutor.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A.
A shop ticket-writer—I was not examined by the Magistrate, but was subpcenaed here by the policeman—I could not have been above three yards from the prisoner—he ran fast, and was stopped at the corner of Winchester-street—I live at No. 1, Fountain-court, in the Minories.





ELIZABETH MADDERS
. I live at No. 6, Winchester-street. About ten o'clock at night, on the 24th of March, I was sitting in the parlour, and heard a noise—I went out, saw the prisoner running, and saw his left hand move at the corner of Winchester-street, just after you pass St. Saviour's church—I went to that spot, at the corner of the street where I saw his hand move, and found this watch—I took it to the station.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. I am single; I live with my father, who is a tinman—when I went out I saw the prisoner in custody of a constable—it was while he and the constable were going along that I saw him make the motion with his hand.

Q. Did you not say you saw him running, and make a motion with bis hand? A. Yes, so I did, but it was after the policeman had got him, and they were going along together—I assist my father in his business.





THOMAS MOORE
 (police-sergeant M 11.) I saw the prisoner running in Winchester-street—I took him—Madders brought this watch, which I produce—the prisoner went by the corner of Winchester-street, where this watch was found.




GUILTY.* Aged 20—


Transported for Ten Years.

