



475. 




PATRICK NOREY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
26th of December, 1 hamper, value 6d.; 8 bottles, value 4s.; 7 quarts of gin, value 15s.; 7 pints of rum, value 9s.; and 2 1/2 pints of brandy, value 7s. 6d.; the goods of 



Mary Mayes.






JOHN MAYES
. I am the son of Mary Mayes, and drive her wagon—she lives at Sudbury. On the 26th of December I was stopping at the Queen's Head public-house, in St. John's-street, to take up some corn for my horses—my wagon was covered, and the tail-board Was secured up—the hamper, containing these bottles and spirits, was in the hind part of the wagon—I saw the prisoner, who was a stranger, on the ladder up behind—he had no business there—I asked what he wanted—he had this hamper in his hand—he dropped it, and tried to make his escape—I collared him—we scuffled together—one of his companions came and tripped my heels up—we went down together, and after that another of his companions came and kicked me in the face—as soon as the policeman was called, the others got off, but I held the prisoner—the hamper contained what is stated in the indictment.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had yon seen the prisoner before? A. No—any body may get up the ladder—there was no one behind the wagon then, but there is generally—I am sure he had removed the hamper outside the wagon—I swear he had it in his hand—he had it by one of the handles, hanging down.





SIDNEY SWITCHIN
. I am book-keeper at the Queen's Head public-house. I saw the prisoner on the ladder at the tail of the wagon, in the act of taking the hamper from it, and the hamper fell into the street—I saw Mayes try to take the prisoner, and some one tripped him up—they both fell in the street, and while they were down, another man kicked Mayes in the mouth—there were as many as five or six of them altogether—they talked about rescuing the prisoner—when the policeman was called they made their escape.

Cross-examined. Q. What time was this? A. Between five and six o'clock in the afternoon—there was a gang—I did not see them in company with the prisoner.





JOHN WATKINS
. I packed up the hamper, and it contained the property stated—it was to go to Mrs. Mayes's.





GEORGE PULTON
 (police-constable G 41.) The prisoner and hamper were given to me.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.
