



1750. 




CATHERINE KENT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of May, 1 watch, value 2l. 10s.; 1 key, value 1d.; 2 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, 9 half-crowns, 10 shillings, and 5 sixpences; the property of 




Robert Davis.






BENJAMIN SAMBELL
 (police-constable K. 188.) On the morning of the 4th of May I was in Three Colt-street, Limehouse, and saw the prisoner sitting on the step of a door, very drunk, with some silver and a half-sovereign in her lap—she had a watch in her bosom—I took her to the station—she had 1l. 1s. 6d. in silver, and a half-sovereign—when she got sober she said her father had given her the watch—she gave several different accounts of where she lived and who she was—she said she had met a gentleman in the Strand, the day previous, who knew her when she was a respectable girl, and had given her a sovereign to get some clothes—she afterwards said that she met with another man, who had been with her, and given her 2s.—I said, "You have more money than that a good deal"—she said, "It is not likely that prostitutes can account for what money they have.





ROBERT DAVIS
. I am a plasterer, and live in Mulberry-court, Great Bell-alley, Coleman-street. I saw the prisoner, on the 4th of May, early in the morning, in Long-lane, Smithfield—she stopped me and asked me to give her something to drink—I said it was too late to give her anything to drink—she asked me to go home along with her—I consented to do so—we went to No. 5, West-street, West Smithfield—we went to bed together—before we went to bed I distinctly counted my money over in my pocket and I had two sovereigns, one half-sovereign, nine half-crowns, ten shillings, and five sixpences—I fell asleep—I awoke about a quarter-past six o'clock, and the prisoner was gone—I got out of bed to get my watch, and found it was gone and my clothes and money also—I gave information to the policeman on duty—this is my watch—produced)—I had seen the prisoner before, in passing, as I am in the habit of going that way four or

five times in the course of the evening—I gave her, I think, 3s., but I had 4l. 5s. besides.





ANN ABERDEEN
. I am a female turnkey at the New Prison, Clertkenwell. The prisoner was brought there in custody—the second day she was there she gave me a sovereign to get some provisions for her—she said she had swallowed it before—I spoke to the governor about it.

Prisoner's Defence. I met the prosecutor in Barbican about four o'clock; he asked where I was going; I said, "Nowhere particular;" he asked me to go with him; I said yes; we went to a house in West-street; he paid for the bed, and gave 6d. for two cups of tea: be said he had no more money; I said I could not think of stopping without money; he took the watch out of his pocket, put it into my hand, and said, "I will leave it with you as a pledge;" we went to bed, and I laid about an hour and a half with him; I then told him I should go, and he said I might go; I went down to my aunt, Mrs. Raven, who keeps a coffee and tea stand, and she gave me three sovereigns to buy some clothes, as I was going to service; I have not been long out of place; the rest a gentleman gave me whom I met in the street; we do meet with those kind of gentlemen sometimes who will give us a trifle of money.





BENJAMIN SAMBELL
. re-examined. I did not tell her I had no money, nor give her my watch—what she says is false—I never saw her at all in the afternoon—it was between one and two o'clock in the morning that I met her.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—



Transported for Seven Years.
