



526. 




WILLIAM FORRESTER
was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of December, 1 coat, value 13s.; 1 waistcoat, value 1s. 8d.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; and 1 pair of shoes, value 6s.; the goods of 



Samuel Shepherd.






SAMUEL SHEPHERD.
I live in North Conduit-street, Bethnal-green, and am a silk weaver. On the 26th of December I met the prisoner in a publichouse in Hackney-road—I had met him there before about twice a week—we staid there till twelve o'clock, and then went to another house in Whitechapel—we staid there till past one o'clock—I was then drank—he offered to take me to a lodging, and we went to No. 2, Rose-alley, Bishopsgatestreet, and went to bed—in the morning the prisoner was gone, and I missed my coat, waistcoat, handkerchief, and shoes, and a pair of shoes of the prisoner's were left behind—I got an officer, and found the prisoner the next day in Phillip-street, Hackney-road—this is my coat, waistcoat, handkerchief, and shoes—(looking at them.)





JOHN BALSAM.
I live is White Bear-gardens, Shoreditch, and am a smith. On the morning of the 27th of December the prisoner came to me while I was in bed, and asked me to lend him 7s. on this coat—he said he was going to pawn it, but could not, because it was wet and muddy—I let him have 7s. on it, and pledged my own trowsers and handkerchief to raise the money.





RICHARD PEDRICK.
I live in Temple-street. On the 28th of December I went to No. 9, Phoenix-street, Hackney-road, where I saw the prisoner—he asked me to pledge a pair of shoes for him—I pawned them at Mr. Harris's, in Hackney-road, for half-a-crown, in the name of Grout, which is the name I usually pawn in—I came back and gave him the money—he gave me this old waistcoat for going, and this handkerchief

was inside the waistcoat—in consequence of what I heard the next day, I delivered up the waistcoat and handkerchief to his mother.





FRDERICK NORMAN.
I am shopman to Mr. Harris, a pawnbroker, in Hackney-road. On the 28th of December, the witness pawned this pair of shoes with me.





GEORGE FORTUNE
(police-constable G169.) On the 28th of December I was on duty in Shoreditch, and the prosecutor spoke to me—from what he said, I went to No. 9, Phoenix-street, Hackney-road, and apprehended the prisoner—I told him it was for stealing a coat, a waistcoat, a handkerchief and a pair of shoes from Shepherd—I got this coat at No. 4, White Bear-gardens—the prisoner's mother brought this waistcoat and handkerchief to the station-house.

Prisoner's Defence. I met the prosecutor—we got playing in the skittle-ground—we then went to lodge at a very bad house—there were more lodgers there—I got up at half-past eight o'clock, and went out—I bought the coat, as I was going through Petticoat-lane.




GUILTY.Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years

