




1258. 




JOHN DAWSON
 and 




JOHN SULLIVAN
 were indicted for

stealing 1 gelding, price 10l.; 1 van, 24s.; and a set of harness, 1l.; the property of 



John Cawley.






JOHN CAWLEY
. I am a greengrocer, and live in Great Titchfield-street, Marylebone. On the 16th of May, about two o'clock in the afternoon, I went to St. Katherine's Dock with my horse and van—I saw both the prisoners

there together—they told me where to back on to the crane—after unloading my van, I gave the horse a feed under the crane—leaving the horse and van there, I went to get refreshment, returned in ten minutes and the horse and van were gone—I gave information to the gatekeeper—I received information, and went with Russell, and found my van at the Greenwich Railway, at half-past ten o'clock at night—I found the horse and harness in custody of the police, at Smithfield.

Sullivan. I was not at the Docks. Witness. I am quite sure he tat there.





JOHN CONNOR
. I am a labourer. I was sitting outside St. Katherine's Docks on the 16th of May, about two o'clock, and saw the prosecutor drive his van into the Dock—I afterwards saw the prisoners come out with the van, and go towards the Minories—Dawson had hold of the reins-sell van was behind he van, fastening up the back part of it.





WILLIAM GOLDING
 I was in Smithfield-market on the 16th of May, about six o'clock, and saw the two prisoners with a horse and harness, leading it towards the entrance of the market—both had whips in their hands—Sullivan had the whip now produced—the other had a snorter one—I went up and asked them if the horse was for sale—Dawson asked me 7l. for it—I asked whom it belonged to—they said a man named Lancaster—I asked what it had been doing—Dawson said, drawing chaff and potatoes—I asked where his master was—he said, "Somewhere about here"—I said, "Can you sell it?—he said, "Yes"—I said, "What do you mean to take for it?"—he said 7l.—after some talk, he offered it at 4l. 10s.—I bid him 3l. 10l.—many people came round, and at last be allowed it to me at 4l.—I said I would have it, and took him towards the police station to pay him—we stepped into the door of the George—I said I would pay him before a policeman, to make myself right—I went to the police-station, but they took very little notice of it—Russell came up in private clothes, and took him into custody.





GEORGE RUSSELL
 (City police-constable, No. 234.) I was on duty on the 16th, about six o'clock—Golding brought Dawson to me, and said he had bought the horse of him for 4l., and be wanted tee to see him pay for it—Sullivan was not present then—I saw the horse was worth a good deal more—I said, "Who gave you authority to sell this?"—he said his master—I asked who his master was—he said Mr. Lancaster—I asked where Lancaster lived—he said in Blue Anchor-alley, Rosemary-lane—I took him to the station, sat down for two minutes, then Sullivan came in—Dawson directly said, "Oh, here is the boy, who can say it is all right"—I said, "What does he know?"—he said, "You know I was sent to sell the horse"—I asked if he came from the same place—he said, "Yes"—I asked Sullivan if that was right—he said it was perfectly right—I took them towards Rosemary-lane, and on the way said to Dawson, "How is it your master wants to sell the horse?"—he said, "Oh, it is lame; he would not sell it for 5l. yesterday, but I lamed him going up Oxford-street yesterday"—he first said Sulliean was sent to sell it, but that Sulliran had been once before to sell one at Smithfield, and sold it for less than he was told, and his master made him make the money up, and he had sent him with him to sec that he did not take less than 4l. for this horse-Sullivan had a whip—the prosecutor saw the horse.

DAWSON*—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.

SULLIVAN*—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.





Transported for Ten Years.



Before Mr. Justice Patteson.

