




1055. 



SARAH HOLDEN
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
21st of Jan., 1 watch, value 15s.; 1 watch-chain, 6d.; and 1 seal, 1s.; the goods of 



Joshua Stringer, from his person: and 





HENRY CANNON



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






JOSHUA STRINGER
. Iam a sailor. On the 21st of Jan. I was in Ratcliffe-highway—Holden was dodging me, and wanted me to go home with her—I stopped, and took my watch and chain and seal out of my fob, and put it into my great-coat pocket—I then had occasion to stop, and while I was stopping, Holden put her hand into my coat pocket, where I had just put my watch—she took it and ran away—these are my watch chain and seal—I gave her in charge.

Holden. I was in bed when the officer took me.


COURT. A. Are you sure she is the woman that came to you? A. Yes, and I saw her running away as hard as she could go—my watch had been in my pocket about five minutes—I did not feet any thing at my pocket when I stopped, but she was close behind me—I was sober.

Holden. Q. Do not you-know Gravesend Hannah, that was with you that night? A. No, there was no one with me.





GEORGE ARNOLD
. I am a pawnbroker. This watch was pawned on the 24th of Jan., to the best of my belief, by Cannon—he said it was his own property, and he had had more than I lent him upon it in the neighbourhood of the Commercial-road.





JAMES MAYNARD
 (police-coastable K 99.) On the 17th of Feb. I apprehended Holden at a house in Bluegate-fields—I said, "Holden, I want you, for stealing a watch from a man three weeks ago"—she said, "Me? I know nothing about a watch; the prosecutor left it with another girl, for 3s."—on the 4th of Feb. Holden had given Cannon into my custody for an assault, and on the road he said to Holden, "If you go against me I will transport you, for sailing the one-legged man of his watch. I don't mind, fifteen years myself, so long as you get fifteen"—(she is a prostitute, and lives with Cannon in a brothel)—Cannon then put his hand into his pocket, and said, "Here is the ticket, policeman"—this is the duplicate.





GEORGE ARNOLD

re-examined. This is the-duplicate of the watch.

Cannon's Defence. My mother keeps a brothel; the prosecutor slept in her house with a young woman; he gave me the watch for 5s., instead of giving it to my mother, and I put it to my own use.

HOLDEN**—


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Ten Years.


CANNON†—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

