



2112. 




JAMES FOY
 was indicted

 for that he, together with three other persons, whose names are unknown, on the 
27th of June, at 
Christ-church, feloniously did assault 



James Faithful, and did put him in corporal fear and danger of his life, and 1 handkerchief, value 5s. 6d., from his person, and against his will, violently and feloniously, did rob and steal, and immediately before, at the time, and immediately after the robbery, feloniously did beat, strike, and use other personal violence to him.—2nd COUNT, for assaulting him, with intent to rob him.






JAMES FAITHFULL
, (being deaf and dumb, gave his evidence in writing.) "I am a printer. About twelve or half-past twelve o'clock, on Monday morning, the 27th of June, I was in Brick-lane. The prisoner, and about three other persons, came up to me—the prisoner knocked me down, for the purpose of robbing me—I saved all my money, but I lost a silk handkerchief out of my hat, worth 5s. 6d.—I had money in my fob, which be tried to get from me—I called, 'Murder'—he struck me—the other three ran away."

Prisoner. He was intoxicated. Witness. I was quite sober.





JOSEPH FISHWICK
 (police-constable H 27.) I was on duty in Brick-lane, Spitalfields, about half-past one o'clock that morning—I heard a strange noise, seemingly of "Murder"—as I approached near the place I saw the prisoner in the act of getting up from the ground, in a stooping position—I saw the prosecutor on his hands and knees on the ground—when I got up to them, the prisoner was on his feet, walking backward!, and putting out his hands, to keep the prosecutor from laying hold of him—I asked him what was the matter—I found he was deaf and dumb, but he made me understand, by signs, that he had been attacked by four men; that his hat was knocked off, and his handkerchief gone; that the other three had run away—he showed me that his coat was tern in two places, and that the prisoner had done that—he showed me his pocket, and said he had three half-crowns in it, and the prisoner had struck him on his hand while he was endeavouring to protect his money, and had put his thumb out—I took the prisoner into custody—the prosecutor did not seem to me to be in liquor.

Prisoner's Defence. I am quite innocent; I was walking along, and saw the prosecutor surrounded by several persons; he came to me, and began pulling me about with his hands; I laid hold of him, and we struggled, and fell down; at that moment the officer came up.




GUILTY of Robbery, without personal Violence. Aged 23.



Transported for Fifteen Years.
