





1248. 




ALEXANDER CALVERT
 and 




JOHN BROSNAHAN
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
19th of March, 1 purse, value 4d.; 2 watch-chains, value 3s.; the goods of 



William James Mero: and 8 sovereigns, the monies of 



Martin Mero: and 





MARY MORIARTY



, for feloniously inciting them to commit the said felony.






WILLIAM JAMES MERO
. I am thirteen year old—I am the son of Martin Mero, a manner, and live in Edward-street, Limehouse-fields. On Thursday, the 18th of March, I went to Greenwich—Palmer went with me—I had nine sovereigns, a half-sovereign, and a watch-chain in my pocket—I stole the ten sovereigns from my mother—I left heron the 17th—we went down to the Greenwich rail-road station, and then went to Deptford theatre, after walking about all day—after we came away we came by an eating-house—I said, "I will go and tell a policeman the crime, and he will take me home"—I did not do so—Palmer said, perhaps we might get a lodging-house—we did get one at the prisoner Moriarty's—a man named Smale took us there—Palmer paid her 1s. for the two of us to sleep there that night—she took us to an adjoining house—about nine o'clock next morning she opened the door, and let us out—after walking about all day we came back about a quarter to seven o'clock—after a little while Palmer said he was very dry, and sent Mrs. Moriarty out for a pot of beer, and I sent for a pot, then he sent out for another pot—then Mrs. Moriarty said, "We have had enough beer, let us have some gin"—then Palmer sent out for half a pint of gin, and then there were two half-pints more sent for—by this time we were getting pretty drunk—then she said we had had enough gin, let us have some rum, but she did not return with rum, it was some sickly kind of stuff, it was sweet in your mouth, and bitter afterwards—I know the taste of rum—she returned with it in a pint pot, and told Palmer to drink hearty out of it—he did so, and

returned it to her—then she poured me out a glassful, and told me to drink that—Palmer jumped about a little while, and fell fast asleep, and was sick—then she said it was almost time to go to bed—I was rather sleepy—she put us to bed—I was so drunk I could not put myself to bed—Calvert carried Palmer up to bed—Calvert was only there when the gin and rum were sent for—there were three men and three girls there when the gin was being sent for, and some part of the beer, and so were Brosnahan and Smale—I was sober enough to see and know them—Brosnahan, Smale, and Calvert were there when we had the gin—Calvert carried Palmer into bed, and I walked in—Brosnahan and Smale went in with us—I do not know where Mrs. Moriarty was when we went to bed—I put the money between the two sheets—it was in a little leather purse—I do not think any body saw me do it—I went to sleep—we. went to bed between one and two o'clock—I awoke before daylight, felt for my money, but found it was gone—I fell off to sleep again—Mrs. Moriarty afterwards opened the door—I told her immediately she came in, and she said, "Oh nonsense, come and have some breakfast," and I went and had some breakfast with her—she never asked me for the money to pay for it—I have never seen the bag or money since.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You stood all this drinking very well, you were quite able to see and know what you were about, when you got into bed? A. Not quite—I had my senses a little—my mother works as a tailoress—I dare say this was some little money she had saved up—I took it from underneath her bed, from between the two beds.

COURT. Q. What did Mrs. Moriarty say to you? A. When she was washing Palmer's trowsers, she called me back, and told me if any body asked me if I was robbed, I was to say no—I did not make any answer, but walked away—the witness Potter told me to go and call a policeman—I walked out, but could not see one—I came back again, and sat there all day, till six o'clock, till Bovis the policeman came, and told me to go to the station.





RICHARD SMITH LAWRENCE PALMER
. I went with Mero to Greenwich that day—we went to the Deptford Theatre, then went to Mrs. Moriarty's, and had spirits, beer and rum—Mero and I had a watch-chain a piece—we gave 3s. 10d. for the two, which we paid for out of the money Mero took from his mother—I saw Mero with ten sovereigns—he had got them in some paper when I first saw them—we bought two purses each—after having the rum we went to bed—they carried me into bed—I was drunk and sick—I do not know what became of Mero—I cannot say at what time I awoke in the morning—it was light—Mero said he had lost his money—we went to Mrs. Moriarty—she told him not to mind, it was nonsense—I have never seen the chains or money since.





HARRIET POTTER
. I am single, and lodge at Mrs. Moriarty's—it is a house of ill-fame—I remember Calvert, Brosnahan, and the two boys being there on the evening in question, and the beer being brought in—I and Shore went up stairs with the boys—they were taken in the adjoining house by Mrs. Moriarty, and while she was gone to take the two children, I and Shore went up stairs to bed—I saw Moriarty go out of one house into the other—there is a communication between the two houses—Mero asked me if my name was not Eliza Payter, as I was very much like a person he knew of that name—I said I was not—he was not very drunk—I saw a sovereign in his hand—he asked me if I thought it would be

safe if he placed it in Moriarty's hands—I said I was rather a stranger there myself, and would rather not have any thing to say in it—Brosnahan came up into the room where I was, and laid on the bed with his clothes on for about five minutes—Calvert came to the foot of the stairs, and I heard him say, "It is all right"—Brosnahan then went down.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you are an unfortunate young woman? A. I am sorry to say I am—I have been so a month.





SARAH SHORE
. I am nineteen years old—I lodge at Mrs. Moriarty's. I recollect Mero and Palmer coming—I asked Moriarty whether she had such little children as them lodging in her house—she said yes, she would rather trust them than me—Palmer was dancing with Moriarty, and after that the boys wanted to go to bed—Moriarty took a light and showed them into the next house—I slept with Potter—Smale and Brosnahan afterwards came into our room—Calvert came to the foot of the stairs and called them down—on the Thursday night I heard Calvert say he bad no money, and ask Mrs. Moriarty to trust him.





ARTHUR SAUNDERS
. I am bar-boy at the Cricketers' public-house, in King-street, Greenwich. On Saturday morning, the 20th of March, about half-past five o'clock, Calvert and two others, who I do not know, came into the tap-room, and had some ginger-beer and ale—they gave some money to an old collegeman, who was waiting on them—I do not know what money they gave him—it was silver or copper, not gold—about half-past eight or nine, Calvert came in by himself, and had a bottle of ginger-beer—he threw down a sovereign—I was rather surprised, and asked him if he bad any more of that sort—he said he had had one—our potman, who was standing by, asked him to stand something—he said he might have what be liked, and he had a bottle of ginger-beer—I observed that he had a red-scarf on his neck, which I understood him to say he had just bought for 3s. 6d.





GEORGE BEAVER
. I am a shoemaker, and live in Greenwich Market. On Saturday, the 20th of March, about seven o'clock, Calvert and Brosnahan came to my shop and had a pair of shoes each, for which Calvert paid me a sovereign.





HENRY JULIE
. I am shopman to Mr. Cadwell, a linen-draper, in Greenwich. On Saturday, the 20th of March, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, Calvert bought a scarlet handkerchief of me, for which he paid two half-crowns.





JOHN DOWSON
. On Saturday morning, about nine or ten o'clock, Calvert came with others and redeemed a coat and handkerchief, which came to 8s. 3d.—he gave me a sovereign.





WILLIAM HOLMES
. I keep the King's Arms, Greenwich. On Saturday morning, the 20th of March, about a quarter-past seven o'clock, Calvert and Brosnahan came to my house and had some beef-steaks—Calvert changed two sovereigns and Brosnahan one—Culvert showed a scarf to Brosnahan, and said he had bought it for a crown—I saw more gold in Brosnahan's hand when he changed the sovereign.





JAMES OAKE
. I am a hatter at Greenwich. On Saturday, the 20th, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, Calvert came and introduced Brosnahan as a gentleman that wanted a hat—Brosnahan paid me a crown, two half-crowns, and a shilling—Calvert had a hat at the same time, for which he paid two half-crowns, and I saw some gold in his hand at the time.






HENRY YOUENS
. I live at Greenwich. On Friday night, the 19th of March, about eleven o'clock, I saw Calvert—he asked me for 1d. to get half a pint of beer—I gave it him, and he went over to the White Hart public-house and had it.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. Conductor to an omnibus— I know Calvert by working about the flys and vans—he has worked for Mr. Stacey, a fly-master.





EDMUND BURKE
. About half-past eleven o'clock on this Friday night, I was standing at the White Hart public-house—Calvert came over from the Mitre, and asked me for a halfpenny for a pipe of tobacco—I gave it him.





JOHN BOVIS
 (police-constable R 139.) In consequence of information, I went to Moriarty and asked her who the parties were that were drinking there that night—she pointed to a young man and woman sitting there, and said there were two other young women that were there, but were not at home then—I asked her if she was sure there was no one else—she said, "Yes"—I asked her was not Jack and Alic there—(meaning Smale and Calvert)—she said, "Yes, they were all there"—I asked her who fetched the drink for the boys—she said she did—I asked her when the boys complained to her in the morning, whether she went out to tell a policeman—she said, no, she did not—I then asked Brosnahan who put the boys to bed—(Brosnahan was present)—he said, nobody, his mother took a light as far as the door.





JOHN SIZER
 (police-constable R 103.) I took Calvert on Monday the 22nd—I found on him a new hat, and a new pair of shoes—I know Brosnahan to be an associate of Calvert's, they frequent Moriarty's house—I have seen them about the neighbourhood, and I saw them the morning after the robbery, drinking at the Mitre public-house, where I was—he is Moriarty's son, or passes as her son.

Brosnahan. Q. Where have you seen me associate with this man? A. I have seen you in company with him by Skelton's-lane, and likewise in front of the church—I have frequently seen them pass together.





CHARLOTTE MERO
. I am the wife of Martin Mero, and live in Edward-street, Limehouse-fields. I lost ten sovereigns on Wednesday night, the 17th of March.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know Palmer? A. He is a neighbour's child.





JAMES HARGRAVE
, I apprehended Palmer—he told me he had been robbed at Greenwich, and I took him to the office—I had bills printed to apprehend the boys.

Cross-examined. Q. What were the bills about? A. The two boys having left their home; Palmer told me of this instantly I took him.





WILLIAM JAMES MERO

re-examined. Moriarty went for every thing we had to drink, except half a pint of beer, and half a pint of gin; I and another young man went for that—I do not know when it was that Calvert and Brosnahan came in—Moriarty had been out—they came in soon after she had been out—they spoke very friendly, as if they were acquainted—after we had been drinking a little while, Calvert said, "I will take you in an omnibus, and we will ride all round Lewisham "—I did not see Moriarty in the room when we went to bed, but Brosnahan, Calvert, and Smale were there.

Brosnahan's Defence. I came home in my vessel on Friday evening—

these two boys were sitting by the fire—I bad my supper, and each of the boys had a part of it—they asked my mother whether she would trust them with a night's lodging, and said they were going to Woolwich in the morning to their friends, and would get money to pay her, and they had no money till then—in the morning I and this young man went out together, and had a pint or two of beer together—I said I was going to buy a pair of shoes, and he said he was going to do the same.

Moriarty's Defence. I don't know any thing about the money; the boy brought in a glass of beer, and gave it to the other.

CALVERT—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

BROSNAHAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

MORIARTY†—


GUILTY
. Aged 62.





Transported for Seven Years.
