



1988. 



JOHN KERRISON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
17th of May, 1 pocket-book, value 1s., the goods of a certain person whose name is unknown.






GEORGE KEMP
 (police-constable N 82.) I was on duty in Greenwich fair, about four o'clock, on the 17th of May, and saw the prisoner in company with a boy about eleven years of age—I observed the prisoner cast his eye towards a gentleman's pocket, which drew my attention—I then saw him take the boy, who turned out to be his brother, round to the

gentleman's pocket—the boy turned, and said to the prisoner, "There is nothing there"—they then went on in the fair, from pocket to pocket, of nearly twenty gentlemen, and in some instances the prisoner was not satisfied with the boy trying, but he tried after him—they then went towards the College—there was a mob, and I saw the prisoner take the boy by his two shoulders, turn him round, and tell him to go on—the boy then put his hand into a gentleman's pocket, and took out a crust of bread—he looked up in his brother's face, and chucked it up—the little boy then turned to a gentleman, took a pocket-book out of his pocket, and drew it half out—he then dropped it, and ran off—I took the prisoner—I saw the pocket-book half way out of the pocket, in the boy's hand.

Cross-examined by
MR. LOCKE. Q. How long have yon been in the police? A. Twelve years and six months—I am well known—I had been in the fair nearly the whole day—I had seen the prisoner for two hours—I was close to him and heard his words—he could see me—he did not know me—I was in plain clothes—I had not blackened my face—I did not know him—he always took the boy by the shoulder and told him to go on—I was so near that I touched him at times—I had a blouse on and a publican's apron—I have seen hundreds and thousands of thieves in aprons—I was close to the gentleman who had the pocket-book—they put their hands into twenty people's pockets—in some the persons moved away or looked at them—I heard them say several times, "Nothing"—I said they tried twenty pockets, but if I should say thirty I should speak under the mark—there were plenty of civilians saw them as well at myself—I did not call on any of them for aid—I believe a brother-officer took the prisoner's brother—I could not find the gentleman who had the book, because the prisoner made off and the gentleman moved away—I made no attempt to speak to him—the book went back into his pocket, and then I ran after them—it was a dark-coloured book—it appeared to me to be a black one—I could not see whether it had a clasp to it—it was six or eight inches long—I looked over his shoulder, and my hand was on his shoulder all the time—it was between five and six o'clock in the evening, and quite light—I do not know whether any one told the gentleman—I certainly was very much out of temper with the prisoner, to see him induce a child to do this—he said, "What do you mean to lay hold of me?"—I said, "I know you are a vagabond and a thief"—he might at once have denied that he had done anything wrong, but I cannot recollect everything he said, or that I said to him.





WILLIAM GLADWIN
 (police-sergeant R 122.) I was on duty there, in plain clothes—I saw the prisoner with a little boy—I saw the little boy take a crust of bread from a pocket, and then go to the gentleman, take his pocket-book half-way out, and when he saw he was perceived he dropped it and ran off—we ran after them, thinking the gentleman would follow us—we did not see the gentleman's face.

Cross-examined. Q. What induced you to suppose he would follow you? A. Seeing us make a rush after the prisoner—the gentleman might not have heard or felt anything—there was a great crowd—it was in the street leading to the College—a man was selling knives and other things there were more than a hundred persons all close by the gentleman—the prisoner was taken before the Magistrate, and admitted to bail—we brought another policeman before the Magistrate—he knew the prisoner's brother, but he did not know him.

(Francis Rowles; Thomas Melburn, a coachman; Charles Coring, a waiter at the Spurr-inn, in the Borough; and Jeffry Hammington, a french-polisher; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
.—



Transported for Seven Years.
