



2794. 





WILLIAM TATHAM
 was indicted

 for the wilful murder of 



Edward Hills, on the high seas, within the jurisdiction of the Admiralty.


MR. ADOLFHUS
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM JONES
. I was steward of the Dido, which was at sea in January last, lying in Benin-roads, about fifteen miles from land, on the west coast of Africa—Philip Carpenter was the master—the prisoner was chief mate—Edward Hills was second mate—on the 12th of January Mr. Carpenter went up the Benin river, leaving the prisoner in command of the ship— Hills was also left—in the evening the prisoner and Hills were both very much in liquor, and were quarrelling in the cabin—they appeared to be reconciled, and very good friends before they went to bed—on the morning of the 13th I was in the cabin, making the breakfast—the prisoner, Mr. Morgans, the surgeon, and Hills, the second-mate, were there—Hills came down after all the others—as he was coming down, the prisoner asked if I had called him—I said, "Yes"—he said, "What is keeping the d—d old fool from his breakfast?"—Hills was coming down the ladder at the time, and heard it—he came down the ladder into the cabin—the prisoner said, "Here comes that d—d old fool to his breakfast"—Hills repeated the words to himself, "Here comes that d—d old fool"—they had some words between them, which I did not pay much attention to, but after awhile I heard the prisoner say Hills kept private societies forward among the men—Hills stood up, shook his hand across the table at him, and said, "By G—d, Mr. Tatham, if you were on deck you would not tell me so," putting his fist near him—it did not go within eighteen inches of his face,

as the table was between them—he could have struck him—on that, Tatham said, "No, but I could do this," and standing up, caught hold of the carving-knife, laid over the table, and plunged it into Hills' breast—Hills made one exclamation, and fell back, dead on the ladder—he said, "O my G—d, I am dead"—he expired in less than two minutes—I ran on deck, sung out "Murder," and Tatham was put in irons—before he was put in irons, when we got Hills on deck, he came up, and asked if he was dead—we said, "Yes"—as soon as he saw he was dead, he ran down into the cabin, caught hold of the knife, and commenced stabbing himself—he gave himself two severe stabs—I caught hold of him, brought him on deck, and put him in irons.




GUILTY
 of Manslaughter. Aged 33.—


Transported for Life.

ADJOURNED TO THE 29TH DAY OF NOV.
