





1963. 




ANN LEWIS,



 ANN WALES
, and 




THOMAS FREEBODY
, were indicted for

 stealing 1 handkerchief, value 2s. the goods of 



John Clark, from his person.






JOHN CLARK
. I live in Westmorland—row, Southwark. On the 25th of Aug., at half—past eleven o'clock at night, I was in the Old Kent—road, turning np the corner of King—street—Lewis met me, and asked me to give her something to drink—it being late I was rather alarmed—I put my hand to my pocket to give her 1 1/2 d. to get a glass of beer, which she asked for; and in the mean time, she put her hand into my pocket, and drew my handkerchief out—I seized her by her clothes, and held her—she threw it to Wales, who was standing in a dark corner—I am sure it was her—I kept hold of Lewis, intending to give her into custody—when I came to the end of East—lane, Freebody came up to me, and said, "Let go the woman"—that was about three—hundred yards from where I lost my handkerchief—Free—body struck me under the ear, and knocked me down—the policeman came up, and I gave him in charge—Lewis got from me when I fell—I had such a tremendous blow on the side of my head that the blood gushed out of my ear.

Lewis. Q. Did I take your handkerchief? A. Yes—I felt your hand in my pocket—I tore your clothes in holding you.

Wales. Q. Can you swear you saw me up the dark turning? A. Yes, at the corner of it—I saw you pick the handkerchief up.





JOHN MENHINICK
 (police-constable M 20.) I heard a noise at a quarter before twelve o'clock, and saw a mob of people at the corner of East—lane—I went up, and found the prosecutor surrounded by a great number of persons—he said he had been robbed by two females, and he held one some time, till Freebody came, knocked him down, and rescued the female from him—I gave Freebody to an officer—I went and took Lewis and Wales, from the description the prosecutor gave—I brought them back, and he identified them—I know Lewis and Freebody are acquainted—I have seen hem together frequently.

lewis. Q. When did you see me with him? A. For the last four or five years, except the time when one or the other of you were in prison.






THOMAS WEBB
 (police-constable M 174.) I took Freebody—I found this tippet in his pocket, which Lewis claimed as hers.

Lewis's Defence. I was standing at the corner of King—street; Mr. Clark crossed the road, and asked me to walk down with him; when I got down he gave me 1 1/2 d., and because I would not submit to him, he tore my clothes, and then said, "You stole my handkerchief;" I said, "If I have, call a policeman;" he would not, but wanted to pull me down Surrey—square; he would not, submit to him, he tore my clothes and then said, "You stole my handkerchief;" I said, "if I have, calls policeman;" he would not, but wanted to pull me down surrey—square; he said if I did not go down a turning with him, he would cut me with a razor; several men came up; he dropped his umbrella; he took it up and struck me and I struck him again; Freebody did not strike him; the officer came up, and I told him what was the matter; the prosecutor had torn my frock; I wanded to pin it up; I went to the Railway and met Wales; she was giving me a pin, and the officer came and took us.

Wales's Defence. I had not seen Lewis for three weeks; I met her by accident, and she asked me for a pin.

JURY
to
JOHN CLARK. Q. Were you sober? A. Yes—I only had 4d. worth of gin and water at the Green Man—I have not the least doubt of the prisoners—I have seen Lewis and Freebody about the road—I did not see Wales when Lewis came up—I was going home.

COURT. Q. What are you? A. I was in the police—I left it about twelve years ago—I have a stipend from Government.

LEWIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—



Confined Nine Months.


WALES—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—



Confined Three Months.


FREEBODY †—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

