



1267. 




WALTER RALEIGH
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
30th of May, 1 coat, value 1l., the goods of 



Henry Hughes Hallett; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN WILKES
. I am footman to Mr. Johnson, of Saville-row. On the 30th of May, about half-past eight o'clock, the prisoner came there, and said he came for two volumes of the "Medical Advertiser"—he walked in—I shut the street door after him, and left him in the hall—I went up stairs, and instead of going into the room, I looked over the banisters—I saw him come along the passage, and put his hand up to a coat—I came down, went across the kitchen, and heard the street door shut—I went up the area steps, and saw him going down Saville-row with the coat on his arm—I followed him down the passage—he turned round, and saw me, and threw the coat at me—I took it up, and followed him, calling "Stop thief"—I did not lose sight of him—I saw him stopped—I gave the coat to Bradley—this is it—it is the property of Mr. Henry Hughen Hallett, who was stopping at my master's house.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Has he any other name? A. No—letters and parcels are directed to him in those names—I never saw the prisoner before—there are three turnings, but I am quite certain I kept sight of him—I observed his features when I let him in.





ROBERT EDWARD BRADLEY
 (policeman.) I was on duty about nine o'clock in the evening, I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and saw the prisoner running down Regent-street, crying "Stop thief" himself—I stopped him in Chapel-place, Regent-street—Wilkes came up, and gave him in charge, and gave me the coat.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it not dark? A. No, duskish—there were several people following the prisoner—I did not see anybody before him—Wilkes came up in about a minute and a half, or two minutes.





WILLIAM METCALF
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from Mr. Gilby's office at Westminster—(read—Convicted 9th May, 1,844, of larceny, and confined three months, seven days solitary)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Justice Patteson.

