



75. 




WILLIAM HENRY MENCE
 was indicted

 for, that he, being employed under the postoffice of Great Britain and Ireland, did, on the 
28th of October, at 
St. Anne and Agnes, feloniously steal a certain postletter, containing 1 penny, the property of her 

Majesty's Postmaster-General.—Four other COUNTS varying the manner of stating the charge.


MESSRS. ADOLPHUS and BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





ELIZABETH MORGAN
. I live in Drury lane. On the 27th of October last, 1 wrote this letter, now produced, and wrote this address on it, "Mr. H. Day, Solicitor, Queen-square, Bristol, or elsewhere"—I gave the letter to Susan Wise, my servant, between eight and nine in the evening, to post—I also gave her a penny piece to pay the postage with, and another halfpenny to buy some wafers with, and told" her to wafer the letter, and pay the postage—I did not write the letter for myself, but for a friend, Mrs. Cousty.





SUSAN WISE
. I am in Mrs. Morgan's service. I remember her giving me this letter to take to the postoffice, about eight or nine o'clock, and 1d. to pay the postage—I went to the postoffice, in Drury-lane, and found the shop shut—I dropped the penny into the letter, and fastened it in with a pin, as it is now, and put it into the letter-box.





EDWARD WEST
. I live with Mr. Maynard, a pinmaker, in Drury-lane; he also keeps a postoffice. If a letter was posted at our shop on the 27th of October, it would be sent from there to the general postoffice, by eight o'clock next morning—I have the letter-bill of the 27th of October, in which the posting of that day is entered—I wrote it myself.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you forward the letters to the general postoffice next morning? A. Yes—I do not remember the letter in question—I believe it is the custom at some receiving-houses to mark letters which are put into the post, upon which no postage is paid—my master never does—if no money is paid, no mark is put on—I did not notice a pin in any letter—that letter would be included in this bill among the eleven unpaid letters—there were eleven unpaid letters—I remember that.

MR. BODKIN. Q. When you prepare letters in the morning to go to the postoffice, what do you do with them? A. I tie them up in the letter-bill with a piece of string, and leave them on the counter for the person who calls for them.





THOMAS SPIKEN
. I am a letter-carrier in the neighbourhood of Drury-lane, On the 28th of October last, I called at the receiving-house for the

letters, at eight o'clock in the morning—they are generally left on the counter, in the shop—I do not remember whether they laid on the counter that morning, or whether I received them from the hand of anybody—whatever I received that morning, I took safely to the postoffice, and in the same state.





JAMES ATTERBURY
. I am a clerk in the Twopenny postoffice, at St. Martin's-le-Grand. On the morning of the 28th of October, I received the letters from the Drury-lane receiving-house—I checked them with the bill which accompanied them, and saw that they corresponded in number, the paid and unpaid—I then sorted them, and the porters cleared them away—according to the course of business, the letters would then go through a tunnel to the Inland-office.





JOHN FORBES
. I am a messenger in the General postoffice; the prisoner was also a messenger there. On the morning of the 28th of October, we were both on duty in the Inland-office—it was part of our duty to stamp and prepare the letters from the receiving-houses—I was taking letters away from behind the stampers, for the purpose of being sorted—the prisoner was stamping the date stamp—about the close of the stamping, I perceived a few letters lying beside the prisoner on the table he was stamping at—I observed that one of them contained some coin, or something very heavy, and, very singular, there was a pin at the back of it—I took the letters up in my hand—the prisoner stopped me, and said, "Stop, they are not obliterated," that is, the Queen's head was not destroyed—there was no Queen's head on the letter with the pin in it—I laid them down again, and in consequence of the prisoner's manner, I kept my eye fixed on him—I saw him take up this letter along with the others—he went over to another table, for the purpose of obliterating them as I thought—it was not his duty to do so that morning—he came back with the same letters in his hand, and went behind a table where there is a writing-slope—I there saw him shuffling them in his hand for a little bit—he then came round, and put them down on another table along with some others that were done—thinking there was something wrong, I looked over the letters—they were all spread out with their faces towards me—there was about 150 or 200—I ran them over with my hand, and looked at the backs; and could not find the letter with the pin to it—it was not there—I then took the whole of the letters down to the sorters, which was a little way down the office—the prisoner was standing talking to one of the other messengers at the time, about five or six yards off, but not out of my sight—I came towards him again, and he said to me he thought it was time to go into the railway department, which is at the further end of the Inland-office—it is not exactly the same room, it is a place parted off at the further end, and there is a communication by arches, without opening a door—he and I walked down together into the railway department—he went to tie letters at the Stafford branch, and I at the Weedon, close by his side—Mr. Hodd, one of the clerks, came round to see the men do their duty—in consequence of my suspicion, I stepped on one side, and spoke to Mr. Hodd—we had some conversation, and I went to the Weedon branch again—the prisoner left the room very shortly—I followed him as far as the President's desk—I there met Mr. Hodd—he called the prisoner back, and said the President wanted to speak to him—I saw the President, Mr. Hodd, and the prisoner, go into a private room—I did not lose sight of the prisoner from the moment when

the letter with the pin in it was taken off the table, till he went into the president's room—he did not in that time pick up any letter from the floor, or any other part of the office, if he had, I must have seen him—this is the letter I saw.





EDWARD HODD
. I am a clerk in the General Postoffice—I was on duty in the Inland Office on the 28th of October. About nine o'clock in the morning Forbes made a communication to me, in consequence of which I went and spoke to Mr. Holgate, the president of that department, who came out of the office—the prisoner was not in my sight at the time I spoke to the president, but he was immediately after—I kept my eye on him till Tyrrell, the officer, came—in that interval he did not stoop to pick up any letter, or any thing of that kind—I called him and said, "Mence, the President wishes to speak to you "—he made no answer—he appeared to be going from me—I called him back again, and told him not to leave, for Mr. Holgate would be back immediately—he waited then—Mr. Holgate came in in a minute and a-half or two minutes, and he and the prisoner then went into the president's room—Mr. Holgate said to him, "From information I have received, I strongly suspect you have a letter which does not belong to you," or words to that effect—the prisoner made no answer to that that I heard—I was shutting the door at the time, and he might have said something without my hearing it—Tyrrell was in the room at the time—as soon as Tyrrell came in, or shortly afterwards, I observed him seize the prisoner by the wrist and struggle with him—he said, "Let go, Mence "—there was a considerable struggle between them for a minute or so—I saw he was getting the advantage of the officer, and assisted—I got hold of his other hand, and in the struggle Tyrrell took the letter from him, containing one penny-piece—the letter bears the Inland Office stamp of that morning's date, which denotes it had been stamped that morning—Tyrrell afterwards said to him that he had no occasion to answer any question unless he thought proper, as it would, perhaps, be eventually brought against him, and then asked him where he got the letter from—he waited some little time, and then said he picked it up just before Mr. Hodd called him—he had a blouze on that morning, with pockets outside.





ROBERT TYRRELL
. I am a constable of the Postoffice—I assisted in apprehending the prisoner—the account given by Mr. Hodd is correct—I took the letter from the prisoner's hand after great difficulty—we all fell on the ground together—I still kept hold of his wrist and called out, "Mence, leave go "—while on the ground I succeeded in wrenching his fingers open, and from his hand I took this letter—after I took him into custody he got away for a short time and ran for a few minutes, but I got him again.
(Richard Battersby, oil and colour-man, Whitechapel-road; Richard Jarvis Tarn worth; and John Bellamy, engineer, Mill wall, deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Life.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
