



1036. 




JOHN SMITH



, feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




Robert James Styles, at 
St. Leonard's, Shoreditch; and stealing therein a tea-caddy, value 2s.; his goods; having been before convicted.






HARRIET STYLES.
 I am the wife of Robert James Styles, a painter, of 13, Red Lion-street, Kingsland-road—it is his house, and is in the parish of St. Leonard's, Shoreditch. On Tuesday evening, 14th March, about half-past seven o'clock, I left home, leaving no one in the house—I left the things quite safe, and the door and window fast—the tea-caddy was on the further side of the front-parlour table, where it always stood—it is my husband's property—this is it (produced)—I know nothing about the keys that are in it.





ROBERT JAMES STYLES.
 About half-past seven o'clock, on this evening, I left home, leaving my wife behind—I came home again about eight, and went

in at the street door, which I opened with my own key—I heard a noise in the house, like men's feet scuffling—I saw the prisoner in the parlour, and another man, not in custody, in the kitchen—I asked what they did there—they said they had made a mistake in the house, and asked if this was Mr. Jones—I laid hold of each of them, but was unable to hold the other; with a severe struggle I kept the prisoner, and gave him into custody—I found the tea-caddy moved about two feet and a half to the edge of the table, near the door—I am quite sure it was moved from the place where it always stood on the other side of the table.





MICHAEL SHEE
 (policeman.) Mr. Styles gave the prisoner into my charge—he at first said he had been in the passage, knocking for a person named Jones—I took him to the station, then went back to Mr. Styles, and found the caddy on the side of the table nearest to the door—I found these keys in one of the caddy-drawers—the prisoner denied all knowledge of them.





JOHN WESTBURY.
 I produce a certificate—(read—Abraham Robinson, convicted 1st Jan., 1846, and confined six months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Recorder.

