



1808. 




WILLIAM ROLFE
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Frederick Hawker, at 
St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, on the 
19th of April, and stealing therein, 1 cloak, value 1l.; and 2 coats, 2l.; his goods.


MR. DOANE. conducted the Prosecution.






WALTER CREED
. I live in Preston-terrace, Green-street, Bethnal-green, and am a sergeant in the 2nd regiment of Tower Hamlets Militia. On the 19th of April, I was on duty as ordinary at the house of Captain Henry Frederick Hawker, at No. 4, East-side, in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green—between eleven and twelve o'clock that day, I placed two coats and a cloak, or wrapper, after I had brushed them, in the orderly-room on the ground floor—the window of that room looks out on to Bethnal-green, at the back of the new church—the window was a little open—there was a wire blind to that window, and a brass bolt at each end of it—no one could get in without removing the blind, as it comes nearly to the top of the top pane of the bottom sash—I left the house by the street door, which I closed after me, and the iron gate of the fore court also—the clothes were Captain Hawker's—some keys were given me, and I took them to the station, and gave them to Mr. Young.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When did you leave the house? A. About one o'clock—I am quite sure I shut the door—I pushed my hand against it, and found it was fast—I did not know Captain Hawker's name was Frederick till this happened—he stated it at the indictment office—I did not hear him give in his name as Henry Frederick Hawker—it was not given in to the clerk while I was present—I do not know whether his name was Henry Frederick, or Frederick Henry, or Henry only.

MR. DOANE. Q. Did you hear the name Henry Frederick called out? A. No I did not—I was never present when he answered to that name—I did not hear the officer tell him his name was Frederick—I never heard the Captain say his name was Frederick—I never heard it in the regiment, or out of it—I was not in the indictment office when his name was called out.





ELIZABETH RAMSAY
. I am in the service of Captain Hawker, his Christian names are Henry Frederick. On the 19th of April, about half-past one o'clock in the afternoon, I heard a ring at the bell—I went to the door, and found several persons there—one of them told me what had happened

about the clothes—I went into the orderly room, and found that the cloak, and coats were gone, and the window quite open as far as the Bath would go up—the wire blind was lying on the floor.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know Captain Hawker's names are Henry Frederick? A. I heard it called over on being sworn the last time we were here—Captain Hawker was with us when we went to give evidence, and Walter Creed with us, and all the witnesses—when they were making out the bill, I heard Captain Hawker's name inquired after, and Captain Hawker came in a few minutes afterwards—I had before heard that his name was Henry Frederick.

MR. DOANE. Q. You had eard his name was Henry Frederick? A. Yet, I heard Creed say so—the captain came into the indictment office—I do not know whether he gave his name in when he came in—I heard his name asked for, but I do not know that he was there—he was present part of the time—he was present when his name was mentioned as Henry Frederick.

COURT. Q. You said when his name was called he came in a few minutes after, and still you say he was present when his name was mentioned; what was called out? A. "Captain Hawker"—he came in after that—after he was in the room, his name was mentioned as Henry Frederick.





MARY MALONEY
. I am a laundress—I work next door to Captain Hawker—on the 19th of April I was looking out of the laundry window, about twenty minutes after one o'clock—I saw the prisoner standing, with two other men, about the length of this Court from Captain Hawker's house, in front of it—I saw Price, who was one of them, go into the garden in front of the house—the prisoner and the other one walked by the garden gate—I cannot tell where Price went when he went in the garden; but he had no bundle when he went into the garden, and he had a bundle under his arm when he came out—Price came out twice, and gave something out of his pocket each time, and the third time he came out with the bundle on his arm, and gave it to the other one, who was then standing with the prisoner—the outside of the bundle was red—they then parted; Price went to the right, and the prisoner and the other went to the left together—I ran out, and called "Stop thief"—Price then joined in the cry, and ran after his companions—he then joined the prisoner and the other, and they all ran together—when they got to the lunatic asylum on the green, the bundle was thrown oter the palings into the garden of the asylum—I followed the prisoner and hit companion, but lost sight of them—I received these keys from Howard.

Cross'examined. Q. Did you not first say that the prisoner was not the person? A. Yes—he did not receive any of the property, or interfere with it at all—when he was with the man who took the things, he could see Captain Hawker's house—he was standing on the path, and I was in the laundry, on the same side as Captain Hawker's house it—I denied the prisoner to the officer, but I turned away to my mistress, and said they were the men—I never told the officer that they were the men—my mistress told them they were—I said I did not wish to have anything to do with them, I did not know whether they were the men.

MR. DOANE. Q. What did you say at first? A. I said they were not the men, because I did not wish to have anything to do with it—I told my mistress that they were the men—I am sure the prisoner was one of the men who stood at the rails while Price was in the house—I have not the least doubt of it.





GEORGE MORRIS
. I am a chimney-sweeper. On the afternoon of the 19th of April, after one o'clock, I was at Bethnal-green—I heard a call of

"Stop thief," turned my head, and saw three men running—the prisoner was one of them—one of the men who was with the prisoner had a bundle, and I saw him chuck it over the pales of a garden.





CHARLES DURMAGE
. I am a bricklayer, and live near Bethnal-green-road, On the 19th of April I was going towards the church in the middle of Bethnal-green—I saw some person throw a bundle over the pales of the mad-house—I went and got it—it was this cloak and these two coats.





EMMA HARBEN
. I live in Coventry-street, Bethnal-green. About two o'clock in the afternoon, on the 19th of April, I was looking through a window into my father's garden—I saw a number of persons going past, and the prisoner was among them—I saw him turn down towards my father's garden, and take a small bundle, and throw it over the gate—I went down to open the gate, and the prisoner passed by me—he undid his trowaers, and went to the wall—I went into the garden, and found this bag, which he had thrown over—it contained these keys—I threw them down, and Howard picked them up.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen him before? A. No—I was standing, looking through a window, which looks down an opening—then was a cry of, "Stop thief," and after that I saw the prisoner go down the opening, and throw the keys into the garden.





JAMES HOWARD
. I live with my father, in Bath-street, Bethnal-green. I remember the mob running, and the cry of, "Stop thief"—I saw the prisoner run down the opening which leads to Harben's garden—I saw him take something white from his pocket, and throw it over the fence of the garden—Emma Harben came into the garden, and took it up—she threw it down, and I took it up, and gave it to Maloney.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen the prisoner before? A. No—my father is a weaver—he was out—I saw Maloney running without her shoes, and I thought she was the servant—I was about six yards from the person who threw the keys over—he turned his back towards me.





THOMAS BARTLETT
 (police-constable K 286.) I received information of this robbery on the afternoon of the 19th, and a description of the persons—I saw the prisoner with Price and another person, about half an hour afterwards—Thorpe took the prisoner—we took him and Price to Maloney—she first said they were not the men—she appeared to be much agitated—I did not feel satisfied by the way in which she answered me—I took them to her again, and desired her to look at them again—she said, "I don't want to have anything to do with them"—Price broke out of Stepney station, and was taken again—he has now escaped from Newgate.





THOMAS THORPE
 (police-constable K 219.) I was with Bartlett on the afternoon of the 19th of April—we met the prisoner with Price and another person—they saw us, and separated—I took the prisoner—I told him what it was for—he said he knew nothing about it—I took him up to the captain's house, but I did not go in.





PATRICK FINNIGAN
 (police-sergeant K 21.) I received these keys, and produce them now—they are thirteen skeleton keys.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.

