



1950. 




JOHANNA SULLIVAN
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 half-crown and 1 sixpence; the monies of 



Edward Oliver, from his person; having been before convicted of felony.






EDWARD OLIVER.
 I live in Gurney-street, Poplar. I went into the Arrow public-house, at Poplar, with some friends, at half-past two o'clock in the morning, and saw the prisoner—I did not go in with her—she asked me to have a glass of gin, I did so—se went out together, down Blackboy-lane—while we were talking together, she put her hand into my left-hand pocket, and took out sixpence and a half-crown—I am sure they were there five minutes before—I said, "You have taken my money out of my pocket"—she said, "By G—I have not"—I said, "By G—you have"—a constable came up, and I gave her in charge—I had nothing to do with her more than I have now—my waistcoat was buttoned.





JAMES WILLIAM ANDREWS
(policeman K 104.) About half-past two o'clock in the morning I was in Blackboy-lane—Oliver gave the prisoner in charge, for robbing him of a half-crown and a sixpence—she said she had not got a farthing in her possession, and I could search her—I felt the money inside her gown—I said I should not search her; I should take her to the station, and a woman should not search her—she took a pin out, and if I had not taken the money from her bosom she would have dropped it—I took out half-a-crown, a sixpence, and fivepence halfpenny in copper—I asked her how she accounted for it, she made no answer—she was in liquor, Oliver was sober—she made no charge against him then, she did next day, before the Magistrate—going up to the office next morning, she told me she was in liquor, and did not know what she was about.

Prisoner's Defence. He said he would give me half-a-crown to take him home; he then said he could not go, and asked me to stop in the street; I said I would not, and he said he would knock my eye out if I did not give him the half-crown back.





WILLIAM WATKINS
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted Sep., 1844, and confined nine months)—I was present at the trail—she is the person.




GUILTY.** Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

