



2206. 



ANN SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing in the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Furley, at 

St. John, Hackney, 1 cash-box, value 2s.; 13 spoons, 2l.; 3lbs. weight of butter, 3s.; 12lbs. bacon, 10s.; 4lbs. candles, 3s.; 6lbs sugar, 1s.; 1 piece furniture-paste, 6d.; 2 ozs. wax, 6d.; 2lbs. tea, 11s.; 6 towels, 3s.; 1 table-cloth, 4s.; 4 aprons, 2s.; 1 petticoat, 6d.; 2 shifts, 3s.; 7 handkerchiefs, 9s.; 18 knives, 1l. 2s.; 18 forks, 16s.; 57 sovereigns;


10 half-sovereigns; 14 half-crowns; 60 shillings; 42 sixpences; 235 goats; 63 pence; 190 half-pence; 35 farthing; 1 coin, 4d.; and 5 5l bank notes, and 1 order for the payment of 5l.; the property of 


Thomas Furley; 3 handkerchiefs, 6s.; 4 books, 4s.; 1 pair of shoes, 4s.; 1 toilet-bottle, 6s.; 1 gindle, 2s.; 1 purse, 2s.; 1 watch-guard, 2s.; and 1 watch, 1l.; the goods of Eliza Furley; I work-box, 2s.; and 1 petticoat, 2s.; the goods of Emma Piper.

MR. EVANS
conducted the Prosecution.






EMMA SMITH.
 I am single, and am servant of all work at Mr. Thomas Furley's, a grocer, of Upper Clapton—I always go by the name of Piper. On the 9th of Sept. I came down about ten minutes to seven, and found the door leading from the passage into the kitchen open—the washhouse-door was shut, but unbolted—I did not take any notice of it, the young men being down before me—while lighting the fire I looked up the passage leading to the street-door, and saw the prisoner standing there—there is a door from the passage into the shop, and another into the parlour—it communicates with the stair-case—I asked what she wanted—she said she wanted Mrs. Furley—the prisoner was not living there then—she said she had been up to Mrs. Furley, and she was coming down directly—I went into the parlour, then into the kitchen, and then my master gave the alarm that the cash-box had been stolen—I came back and the prisoner was gone—about half an hour afterwards I went into the garden and found this basket (produced) filled up with things, and a wrapper tied close down over them—there appeared to be more in it then there is now—it stood just inside the back garden-gate, which leads into the street at the back of the house—I saw Miss Furley's shoes in it, some tea sugar, and other things—I pushed the gate open, it was unfastened—I found this work-box (produced) in the basket—it is mine—I had it only the night before—this petticoat is mine—it was found in the basket.





CATHERINE HANNAH STRADWICK.
 I live in Conder-street, at the back of Mr. Furley's garden. On the 9th of Sept., a few minutes before seven in the morning, I was opening the shutters, and saw the prisoner walk down the garden, shut the gate, and walk down the street with something under her left arm—the gate was open—I saw a basket there, with some clothes in it—this is it—I am sure the prisoner is the person.





EDWARD PAYNE.
 I am in Mr. Furley's employ, and live there. I saw the prisoner, a little before seven o'clock, 300 or 400 yards from the house, with Mr. Furley's cash-box (produced) under her left arm—she went into a carpenter's shop—I went and looked—she saw me, and went into a milk-shop—I told a man there that she had got Mr. Furley's cash-box—she did not say anything—she came out—I walked with her, and accused her—she said, how date I to accuse her, she would give me into custody—she asked the way is the station—I said I would show her—at the corner of Dalston-lane she was going to run away—I called out "Police!"—she ran into a nursery-ground, and into a water-closet—the policeman came up—I ran in front of the shop, came back, and saw the policeman with the prisoner—he called a man to get a light—a light was got, and he pulled the cash-box up from the privy—it was buried in the soil—I had locked the back gate and the shop door the night before—the prisoner had this small basket on her arm—(produced)—I afterwards saw it emptied on the table at the station—there was a scent-bottle, a purse, same half-pence, and all these things produced in it—I did not see her go into the privy—I lost sight of her when she ran round the corner. I saw her in the privy the policeman's custody.






PERCIVAL TERRY
 (policeman, N 63.) On this morning I saw the prisoner going up the nursery with something concealed under her right arm, under her scarf—she had a bag and a little basket—I pursued, and never lost sight of her till she got into the water-closet—she bolted the door—I asked her to let me in—she did so in three minutes—I asked what she had had concealed under her scarf—she said, "Nothing"—I sent for a light, looked down the privy, and saw the cash-box—she attempted to escape—I took this basket from her in the privy, and afterwards saw this silver-mounted smelling-bottle and other things turned out of it, and several small things from a bag.





JOHN CASS WALLER
 (police-inspector.) I received the cash-box from Terry, examined it, and found five 5l. notes, a 5l. check, fifty sovereigns, ten half-sovereigns, and a quantity of silver—50l. of it was given up to Mr. Farley by order of the Magistrate—I received a wooden box, which contained 13s. 11d. in copper.





ANN PAYNE.
 I am a searcher at the Hackney police-station. I searched the prisoner on the 9th—a guard, locket, bracelet, and seal dropped from her left hand—I picked them up, and on shaking her scarf the brooch fell out.





EDWARD SMITH
 (policeman, N 193.) I searched the privy at the station-house on the 16th, and found this watch in the soil—I had seen the prisoner taken by the female searcher into the cell where the water-closet was.





THOMAS JONES.
 I am shopman to Mr. Furley, and board and lodge in the house. I came down on this morning at twenty minutes to seven—the door leading from the kitchen into the passage was closed, but unbolted—I did not see the prisoner—I found some tea scattered behind the counter, and all the tills turned upside down on the floor behind the counter—there is a grating underneath the window, which was found slightly raised up—a person could get down there into the cellar, and from thence into the shop, or a person could conceal themselves in the shop—it is a large shop.





ELIZA FURLEY.
 I am the daughter of the prosecutor, and live with him—I sleep on the third floor. On the night before the robbery I went to bed, and left my door shut, but not locked—next morning, before day-break, I heard a creaking on the stairs, and saw a light over the door—I cannot say the time—it was dark—I took no notice, thinking it was my mother—I awoke about half-past six o'clock, went to see the time, and missed my watch from the hook at the bed-side, and a brooch and locket, a seal, and a guard to it, from the table—these produced are them—I am sure they were all safe the night before—I missed a smelling-bottle, and several other things, which had been safe in my drawers the night before—these produced are them—I know that the prisoner had lived in my father's service, but I cannot recollect her—it is six or seven years ago—my father keeps his cash-box in the same place now as he did then.





THOMAS FURLEY.
 On the night before this affair, I saw my doors locked up, and took the keys up into my bedroom—I put my cash-box on the drawers in my bedroom, between my bed and the door, two or three yards from the bed—the curtains were half-way drawn—I could not have seen any one come to the drawers if I had been awake—I burn a rushlight—between six and seven o'clock Mr. Jones came for the keys—he does so every morning—shortly before seven in the morning I heard some one push the door open gently—I said, "Who is there?"—a female said, "It is only me, sir, I was coming for the rushlight"—I do not know whose voice it was—about seven my daughter come to my room, and said she had lost her watch—I then missed my cash-box—I afterwards went into the garden, and saw a basket—I

will not swear this is it—I saw the articles in it—these spoons are my mother-in-law's—these knives and forks are mine—this cash-box is mine—I cannot swear to the money—there was 102l. odd, safe in the box the night before—I can swear that this check was there—I know the prisoner's features perfectly well now—I did not know her at first—she lived with us six or seven years ago—she knew the habits of the family—I kept my cash-box in the bedroom at that time—it is my dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. John, Hackney.

Prisoner's Defence. The cash-box and bag containing the watch, and all the small articles, were given me by Piper on the morning when I went to ask her permission to go through the house—she gave me some wine out of a tea-cup in the kitchen.





EMMA SMITH

re-examined. That is untrue.

JURY.
Q. Were you ever convicted of felony? A. Yes, at Newgate—I do not know how long ago it was—it is within the last twelve months.




GUILTY.—


Transported For Seven Years.

