



1424. 




THOMAS FITZGERALD
 was indicted

 for stealing, at 
St. Mary-lebone, I bag, value 1d.; 3 sovereigns, 8 half-crowns, 20 shillings, 12 six-pences, and 6 groats, the property of 



Bartholomew O'Brian, in his dwelling-house.






BARTHOLOMEW O'BRIAN
. I keep a beer-shop at No. 7, Pollard-street, St. Marylebone. On the 14th of June I put three sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, and 1l. 18s. 6d. in money into a box in the top drawer in my front room—I counted it at nine o'clock that night—the prisoner worked for me about two years ago—I left the room from nine to twelve o'clock, when I went to bed, and about seven o'clock next morning I found the drawer broken open, and missed the money—I knew one sovereign which I had received between ten and eleven o'clock on Sunday morning, by a mark on the edge of it, and it looked bad and black—the half-sovereign had a mark upon it on the woman side—the sovereign and half-sovereign produced are parts of what I lost.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you mark the money at the station? A. Yes-the inspector told me to put a line of ink upon it—I put a bit of ink upon the margin, but the notch was upon it before.





HARRIET ROGERS
. I live with my brother William. On Wednesday morning, the 15th of June, at six o'clock, the prisoner and two more came to my house—the prisoner produced three sovereigns and some loose silver—I believe there were some half-crowns among it—he wished me to take charge of it—I refused—he said his brother had sent it to him from St. Helena—Sergeant Bennet came in—the prisoner was asleep on the floor—a bay named Newman, one of his companions, took the money out of his pocket while he was asleep—I afterwards took charge of it—I told the policeman of it when he came.





CHARLES BENNET
 (policeman.) I took the prisoner in charge about twenty minutes to seven o'clock—he was quite drunk, lying down on the ground in front of the bar—Miss Rogers produced the money to me—there were three sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, and some half-crowns.





JOHN PARISH
. I am a carpenter. On Saturday, the 13th of June, I received a sovereign from my master, Mr. Bennett, and paid it to O'Brien—I noticed at the time I received it that it was a very dark color, and had a notch like a file-mark on the edge—I said I thought it was bad—I described it before I saw it again by the file-mark on the edge—I am sure this is it.





CHARLES BENNET

re-examined. John Parish described the sovereign be-fore he saw it, as having a notch in it—the prosecutor's house is in the parish of St. Marylebone.

Prisoner's Defence. I was at Miss Rogers's three weeks, and while I was there I often gave her money to take care of; I was saving this money to go to my brother at St. Helena, and that is what I said, not that he had sent it to me; when I was in the prosecutor's employ I threatened to inform against him, as he had stolen a shovel from the gas company he worked with two years ago; I told his wife I would inform against him; she said he would give me a lift somehow or other.





HARRIET ROGERS

re-examined. He has given me, money on Saturday to keep till Monday, but never more than 1s. or 2s.
(The prisoner has been several times in custody.)




GUILTY
. ** Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

