



300. 





JOHN TOOMEY
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
1st of October, 7 quarts of soy, value 4l. 260lbs. weight of currants, value 8l.; 100lbs. weight of pepper, value 8l.; 200lbs. weight of sugar, value 7l.; 90lbs. weight of candy, value 4l.; 190lbs. weight of candied-peel, value 10l.; 100lbs. weight of treacle, value 1l. 14s. 571bs. weight of almonds, value 5l.; 14lbs. weight of figs, value 5s. 56lbs. weight of lozenges, value 4l.; 70lbs. weight of rice, value 9s.; 40lbs. weight of allspice, value 28s.; 30lbs. weight of ginger, value 3l. 19lbs. weight of plums, value 1l.; 22lbs. of carraway-comfits, value 1l.; 3lbs. weight of gum. value 3s.; 1 bottle, value 3s.; 19 cannisters, value 1l.; 4lbs. weight of nutmegs, value 30s.; and 3 weights, value 1l.; the goods of 




Edward Wilkins, his master.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





EDWARD WILKINS
. I am a wholesale confectioner, at 57, and 58, St. John-street. The prisoner was in my service ten weeks as porter, at the time he was apprehended—he had access to the stock mentioned in the indictment, and could have taken it—he had been in my employ about two years before, for three or four years—I had a very high opinion of him, and recommended him to the police force, where he obtained a situation—about nine o'clock in the evening, on the 3rd of December, I received a communication from Mr. Caulfield, my clerk—he showed me some currants in his apron—the prisoner was present—he cried, and said it was the first thing he had robbed me of, and he had merely taken them for a Christmas-pudding—I gave him into the custody of a policeman—I afterwards Went to the station—the policeman searched him again there, and found about half-a-pound more currants in his pocket—his premises were afterwards searched, and all the articles stated in the indictment were found, all of which I deal in—the currants were in a bag, with the mark of one of my country customers on it—I can undertake to say that bag had been in my possession—there was more currants in another bag, and the liquorice was in in a paper stamped—I know the lozenges and other things—they belong to me, as they are marked with our stamp—I believe all the articles found belong to me—my stock is considerable—I should not be able to miss the articles individually—I should miss them in the whole—my stock has certainly decreased beyond my sales—(property produced)—when the prisoner was at the station-house he said he lived at No. 3, Swan-alley—in consequence of that statement I accompanied the police-officer to No. 3, Swan-alley,

but no such person lived there—I returned to the prisoner and said, "You don't live at No. 3, Swan-alley, you had better tell us the truth" he then said he lived at No. 6, Swan-alley, in the middle room—I went to No. 6 about half-past ten o'clock—I found nothing belonging to me in the middle room—in consequence of inquiries I made there I searched the front room ground-floor, and all the articles enumerated were found in that room—we do not deal by retail—we deal in all the articles found, and I believe the whole of them to be mine.

Prisoner. It is quite a mistake about a false address, I told him No, 6, in the first instance, and I told him I let the middle room, but did not live in it. Witness.—I am not mistaken—he said he occupied the middle room.





WILLIAM CAULFIELD
. I am the prosecutor's clerk. I remember the occasion in question which called my attention to the prisoner—I communicated what I saw to the prosecutor, and afterwards saw the property which was brought from the prisoner's premises—I was shown two bags—there was pimento or allspice in them then—I know this bag—it had been sent to a country customer and returned—it is my master's property—here is my master's stamp on this liquorice, which denotes that it was made at my master's premises—I know this tin—it is used to put goods in, and has a label on it, printed purposely for us—there is nothing in the tins—they usually contain acidulated drops—we found no acidulated drops—the other articles are such as Mr. Wilkins deals in—nothing but the liquorice bears the stamp—we have a great quantity of the tins—here is another bag similar to the one sent to the country customer, and returned, which belongs to my master—the prisoner was never authorised to take any of these things away, nor the bags.

COURT. Q. How would the bags be sent back to you from the country? A. By the same conveyance as they went, and be brought from the wharf by porters—our porter would not go for them, nor take the goods out.

Prisoner. Q. Have you ever sold any of that juice? A. Of course we have sold some, but we do not perhaps send out 25lbs. in twelve months—our dealings are very large—our returns are from 40,000l. to 50,000l. a year—I cannot undertake to swear the juice was never sold—we never sell by the stick, nor do I believe we ever sold 2lbs. at a time.

JURY. Q. Did you have these lozenges during the ten weeks the prisoner was with you? A. Yes, and the acidulated drops, and all the other articles—I have no question but that he took these goods oat early in the morning, from the time he came in until breakfast-time, and at shutting-up time—he shut up the premises in the evening—he would have opportunities of taking the goods, packing them up, and taking them out.

COURT. Q. What was his duty as porter if he did not carry out goods? A. Cleaning up the warehouse, and helping in the manufactory—he took goods out sometimes, but since he has been back this time he did not take out many goods—we send out four or five cart-loads of goods in a day—Mr. Wilkins lives at No. 57—the prisoner would have access to Nos. 57 and 58 also—he was not left quite alone in charge of the premises of a morning, but he might be an hour or an hour and a half at No. 58 alone in the morning—his lodging was about two hundred yards from the premises—I can say that these particular sacks were in our possession within the ten weeks.





EDWARD WILKINS

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. I have not sold

these articles to the prisoner—the allspice has not been sold at all—it is an odd weight—we sell 28lbs. or 56lbs. —they have not been sold, or I should not have found them in his place—I know them by the bags, and the papers are marked—I do not swear to the currants, but they were found in a bag of mine—we keep them in barrels and in bags—we occasionally send out the bags to customers—we have missed property of this description from our stock, but I was not aware so large a quantity was gone—they weigh in all 3cwts. and a half.





WILLIAM JOHN CLARK
. I am in the prosecutor's service. I marked one of the bags produced previous to its going to the country customer about six months ago—it came back about the 1st of September—I have seen it on the premises after the prisoner came back—he came back in September—I can undertake to say the bag was on the premises after that.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How did you take such notice of the bag? A. I mark very few bags myself, but being very busy I marked that previous to its going into the country—it is marked "S. A."—I swear I printed that myself—I have not marked twenty bags.

COURT. Q. Do you recollect the fact of doing it? A. Yes, as well as knowing my own writing—I marked it for Mr. Scott, of Ashford, Kent.





JOHN WATTS
. I am a policeman. I was sent for by the prosecutor—I was present when the prisoner first gave his address, No. 3, Swan-alley—I am certain of that—in consequence of what he said I went with his master to No. 3, and found he did not live there—I made further inquiry, and in about three hours returned to the station—I said nothing myself about the address he had given, nor did the prosecutor in my presence—I afterwards went with the prosecutor to No. 6, and in the front-room ground-floor found the articles produced.





CATHERINE FIELD
. I live at No. 6, Swan-alley, St. John-street—the prisoner occupied the parlour, which is the front-room ground-floor, with his wife and family—that is the room the things were found in.
(—Taylor, Surgeon, Vine-street, Hatton-garden, deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.
