




397. 




MARY ANN BRADFORD
, and 




ANN JOHNSON



, stealing 1 watch, value 5l.; the goods of 



George Gittings, from his person; both having been before convicted.






GEORGE GITTINGS
. On Sunday morning, 24th Dec, about one o'clock, I was in Carlisle-street, Soho, going home—I saw the two prisoners—I had never seen them before—they came up to me, and walked one on each side of me—they asked if I would go with them: I did not, I continued walking on towards home, and one of them asked if I would go with her to a corner—I went, and they both went with me—Bradford put her hand to me, and I immediately found the chain at the back of my neck pulled—she was on my right hand side, and Johnson was close up to her—I put my hand to my breast, and found one end of my guard chain dangling down, and the watch gone—I had not looked at my watch after ten, but I am confident it was there—I seized hold of Bradford, and Johnson ran off—this is my watch (produced).





DENBEIGH JOSEPH HARTWELL
. About one that morning, I was coming along Dean-street, I heard a cry of police, and saw Johnson running along—she stopped at the house of a person named Howe, and threw something down the area—she then ran on to St. Ann's-court—a policeman came up; I told him where she had gone, and that what she had was down the area.





EZER FREEMAN
 (policeman, C 178). I was on duty in Dean-street—Mr. Hartwell gave me information—I went into St. Ann's-court and took Johnson—she had got down to Wardour-street, and some man had stopped her—I went to the area which was pointed out, went down with the man, and saw him pick up this watch, which he gave me.





HENRY BINGHAM
 (policeman). I produce a certificate of Johnson's former conviction—(read—Convicted 1848, and confined six months)—she is the person.





HENRY HALL
 (policeman). I produce a certificate of Bradford's former conviction by the name of Mary Ann Painter (read—Convicted 1847, and confined six months)—she is the person.

BRADFORD—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

JOHNSON.—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.





Transported for Seven Years.

