



2520. 




THOMAS HOLDER
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
30th of September, at 
St. Mary Islington, 1 box, value 2s.; 3 watches, value 22l.; 2 pairs of ear-rings, value 15s.; 2 brooches, value 6s.; 7 thimbles, value 7s.; and 23 rings, value 1l., the goods of 



Thomas William Downes, in his dwelling-house.






WILLIAM DUFFETT
. I am porter to Mr. Noble, a wine-merchant, 43, Hedge-row, Islington. Mr. Downes, the jeweller's shop, is three doors from my master's, on the same side of the way. On the morning of the 30th of September, a little after seven o'clock, I was sweeping the front of my master's door—I saw Mr. Downes's porter take down two shutters from his window and take them into the side passage—I then saw the prisoner pass him very quick, and I saw him enter the shop—he remained inside about one minute, and I saw him come out—he had nothing in his hand when he went in—he came out with a little glass box under his left arm, and went right across the road—he looked round, and I pointed to him—he ran straight across the road, through a passage called Pierpont-row—I followed, and lost sight of him in the passage while he turned the corner—I ran through the passage, down Charlton-crescent, and there saw him running with the same glass case under his arm——I kept running—Henry Gulleford was running rather before me—I lost sight of him again in turning the corner, and saw him again in the field without his coat and cap—he had not the glass case then—I had not seen him throw it away—he was running across the fields—I hallooed out "Stop thief," and he called out that he had only broken a window—some men at work there told him to jump over the wall—he did so, and kept running on—I jumped over the wall after him, and just as he got under the canal-bridge some labouring men stopped him close by the canal on the towing-path—he was brought back to Downes's shop—I saw Gulleford pick up the pieces of the glass case just by the railings of the river—they were carried back to the shop.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Had he a coat on when you first saw him? A. Yes, and a paper cap—perhaps I might not tell the Magistrate that I heard the prisoner say he had only broken a window—I might forget it—I did hear him say so, and I beard the men say, "Get over the wall"—I was not far behind him then—I did not stop to tell them he had stolen a case—I lost sight of him twice—the last time was getting over the bridge—when I saw him in custody he had no coat or cap on.






HENRY GULLEFORD
. I am porter to Mr. Barker, of Hedge-row, two doors from Mr. Downes. On the morning of the 30th of September I saw the prisoner cross the road with the case under his arm, going from Mr. Downes's house—I could only see a small portion of the case under his coat—he had a coat on then, and a paper cap—he ran down Camden-passage and along Charlton-crescent—I crossed the road, and went in the direction of Charlton-crescent by another turning, and saw him go down Charlton-crescent—he then had his coat and cap on—I followed him—he turned round to the right hand coming out of Charlton-crescent into Colebrook-row, and immediately threw the case away in the direction of the river, but it caught the rails, bounced back, and broke in halves—he ran on I followed him across the fields, where some men were digging, and saw him take off his coat and cap and throw them away—he still kept running on across the field by the sawyers—I hallooed out, "Stop him"—the sawyers were going to stop him, but he said he had only broken a window, he immediately jumped over the wall, and ran alongside of the wall by the canal, and as he got by the bridge Mr. Wild stopped him—I went back to where I had seen him throw the case away, and took it up—there was nothing in it, but the things were scattered about near it—I took them back to Mr. Downes—I am quite sure the prisoner is the man I saw throw away the case.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not he deny that he was the person? A. Yes—it was a cap he had on—I never said he had a hat—I had never seen him before—his back was to me when he crossed the road, and in the pursuit.

COURT. Q. What was done with the box? A. I put it on Mr. Downes's counter, and presently Mr. Downes came down, and took it off the counter—I picked up the things, which are now here—they were given to Wakefield the policeman, in my presence.





GEORGE WILD
. I am a tailor. On the 30th of September I saw the prisoner running across the brick-field, as I stood on the bridge—he had no coat nor hat on—I saw several people running after him—he jumped over the wall towards the canal—I immediately ran down the other side of the bridge, and I and another person met him at the end of the bridge—he was running then—I stopped him, and took him back to Mr. Downes, and he was given in charge.





JOHN WAKEFIELD
. I am a policeman. The prisoner was given into my custody on the 30th of September, in Mr. Downes's shop, with this case of jewellery, which has been in my possession ever since—Gulleford was there at the time.





THOMAS WILLIAM DOWNES
. I am a jeweller, and live at No. 40, Hedge-row, in the parish of St. Mary, Islington; the shop is part of the dwelling-house, and communicates with it internally. On the 30th of September, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, I was called down, and found the prisoner in my shop, with the witnesses—I saw this case, which Gulleford was standing by the side of—I examined it and the articles, they are my property—I had seen it safe the night previous, after the shop was closed, as the gas was being put out—they are worth 25l.—I cannot say whether I have seen the prisoner before—Jackman, my porter, opened the shop that morning.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Justice Bosanquet.

