



1285. 



JOSEPH MORTIMER
 was again indicted

for stealing 1 box, value 7s. 1 coat, 16s.; 2 gowns, 10s.; 3 night-gowns, 4s. 6d.; 1 scarf, 10s.; 4 yards of linen cloth, 2s.; 2 yards of calico, 9d.; 1 toilet-cover, 1s.; 1 pair of trowsers, 1s.; 2 brushes, 2s.; 1 shirt, Is.; 2 towels, 6d.; 1 table-cloth, 1s.; 1 pair of shoes, 6d.; 1 shift, Is.; and 2 handkerchiefs, 3s.; the goods of 



Eliza Loyer.






ELIZA LOYER
. I live in Chapel-court, Union-street, Whitechapel. I advertised to procure a situation as cook and housekeeper—in consequence of which I received this letter—(read)—"To E. L. Madam,—If you have no objection to change your situation in life, I should be happy to coramuaica with you on the subject. I am from New York, a widower, have one daughter. I am a merchant, and have also land there as well as in England. I am well aware this is not the usual mode of addressing a lady on this subject, but I know no one hardly in London, and my time is very short here. Pray write without delay, and be assured this is no trifling hoax, to J. M. Tubb's Post-office, Regent-street, Langham-place, when if you can permit me to call, it might be more satisfactory than auy other correspondence. I am, Madam, your's obediently, J. M." In consequence of this letter I went to South-street, Grosvenor-square—I there met the prisoner—he said he was the person who had written to me, and he produced my answer—he represented himself as an American merchant, a man of good property—he said I should meet with a respectable man; and as 1 had no tie in England, I said I should have no objection—I was at that time lodging at No. 1, North-terrace—the prisoner called there the next day—I had several other interviews with him—the result was, we agreed to be married at St. George's, Hanover-square; but it being rumoured about that I was going to New York, I was arrested by somebody I owed a debt to, on the Tuesday as I was to have been married on the Thursday—I soon got out from the arrest, and the prisoner and I arranged that we would be married at Manchester—we did not wish to be married in London, as it would make him subject to the debt—that was about the middle of Jan.—I went to my lodging, and slept there one night—I afterwards removed to a coffee-house in the Commercial-road—the prisoner went there with me—we were not married—he lived there with me for a fortnight—we then went to Duke-street, Gosvenor-square, and then to another coffee-house—I then went to Paris, to receive some money—I was absent a fortnight—I then went to the Rainbow coffee-house wilh the prisoner—I paid the expenses all this time—he represented that his property was all in bond at Liverpool, and it would be attended with great loss to enforce the sale of his goods, by putting them in the hands of other parties—I had received 40l. at Paris—I arranged with the prisoner to go to Liverpool—we were to go on the 10th of April, but on the day before that, the 9th of April, he went out and promised to be back at twelve o'clock, and 1 did not see him any more till the 18th of May—I advertised again on the 15th a May to get a situation, but I reversed my initials that time—I received this letter in answer—(read.)
"Chelsea, May 15th, 1846. Madam,—I read your advertisement, and I


du want a companion, and iff you wish to change your life again, I am the chap. I du belong to the City of New York. I am a merchant there, and have been for seventeen years. I am a widower, and have a dauter nine years of age. I am thirty-seven years of age. I have brout over a quantity of flour from York, 600 barrels. I have not sold it yet. I have a hincome of 700 a year. I will give my wife liberty to bring frend or a servent out. I will pay the passage. I was mared to a Kent leady in the City of York, and iff du get a wife, and you be the won, you me depen on love and kines from me, and no mistake. Iff you du think well of this, and rite me, i will atend to it. Direct to J. M., post-office, King's-road, oposit the Man in the Moon. Yours truly. Hu nos i may be your husband. J. MORTIMER. To L. E., 34, Gough-street, Mount-pleasant, Gray's-Inn-road."

Witness, In consequence of this letter J gave directions, and got the prisoner apprehended—I was sure from the representations it was the same party—when I was in Paris I trusted the prisoner with part of my money to take care of, and he kept it—I remarked that I had got my pocket picked twice io London—on the Wednesday before Good Friday he was going to lay out some money for me—he then appeared to have twenty-five sovereigns of mine—he was to take some clothes out of pawn of mine—he returned, and said he had taken them out, and left them in the box somewhere in Whitechapel, but I never was able to find them—I had left some things in the box, but not many—there was a bonnet and feather, a boy's shirt, and pair of trowsers—previous to our leaving for Paris, he asked me to make some money on my things to pay expenses—I had left the box at the Omnibus coffee-house, Commercial-road—I never delivered that box to the prisoner, but he got possession of it.

Prisoner, Q. Are those letters my hand-writing? A. I cannot swear to that, but it was in consequence of the first of these letters I had an unfortu* nate interview with you—you said you was the writer—the remark was, you looked a strange sort of a merchant—I produced this letter—you said you was a widower, and was in a great hurry to leave town, and you must marry fint, and court afterwards—you was drinking some ale, and smoking a short pipe «t the time—I wrote an order previous to my going to prison, for you to receive some money, and it gave me a better opinion of you, your bringing the money to me—you asked me to let you have some money, as, if you could postpone the selling of your property till the passing of the Corn-law, it would be 200l. or 300l. in your pocket.

JURY. Q. He has robbed you of money and goods? A. Yes, he has got everything from me.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not give me 27l. in the bank? A. That has toothing to do with the robbery—when we got to Paris I paid the bill—I had a 20l. note cashed at Boulogne.

COURT
Q. Did he pay anything? A. No, I paid everything.





SARAH SMITH
. I live in Plummer's-row, Commercial-road—I am a widow. On the 23rd of March the prisoner came to my lodging there, and asked me if I could take a child to nurse—he said he was a poor little sickly creature, and would want a very great deal of kind attention—I said I could—he said, what should I charge for taking him, that he was three years of age, and could not go alone—I said I never took a child, and I could not say—he said would 55. a week pay me—I said I thought it would—he then said, perhaps I could take two children—I said, "Yes"—he said, the other was nine years of age, a fine intelligent little boy, but I must take great care of them—he then said he thought he would give me 15s. a week—he said be and his lady were going to Canterbury the next day, and I should have the

youngest child that night, and the other the next morning—I went to tlfe Omnibus coffee-house that evening—I saw the prisoner and Mrs. Loyer—the prisoner told me he liked my appearance as a nurse, that as soon as he wwt returned from Canterbury he was going to America, and he was to take the eldest child, and I was to keep the youngest—he introduced Mrs. Loyer to me as Mrs. Mortimer—I took the youngest child that night, and the next morning the other came with the prisoner—he said, did I want any money, or could I wait till he returned from Canterbury—I said I could—on the Tuesday before Good Friday, he called to take the eldest child away to hit mamma—he said he should take it to the Rainbow coffee-house—on that Tuesday, a servant came from the Omnibus coffee-house, and in coiweqaence of that I went and stopped the prisoner with a man carrying a box in the street—I got some money from the prisoner, and he appointed to meet me on the Thursday at the American agents, in Copthall-court to settle 30l. a year on me, for the maintenance of Charles the youngest child—I went to the American agents to meet him, but he sever met me there—I went to the Rainbow, and found Mrs. Loyer in a state of distraction—I went afterwards with an officer to Chelsea, and saw the prisoner, and gave him into custody.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not tell you tuey were not my children? A. No—you said they were your dear little boys—when I stopped you in the street you flew into a passion, and said they were not your children—a man told you to take away the trunk and pay what you owed—Mrs. Loyer was not there.





SUSANNAH MEAD
. I am sixteen years old, and am assistant at the Omnibus coffee-house, Commercial-road East. On the Tuesday or Wednesday before Good Friday the prisoner came and fetched away a box—he and Mrs. Loyer had brought it—I went to tell Mrs. Smith, and before I came back the hox was gone.

Prisoner. Q. When we came, had we any baggage at all? A. I cannot say—I saw you bring the box in, and carry it up stairs—Mrs. Loyer was up stairs—I cannot say when you brought it.





ROBERT M'KENZIE
 (police-sergeant B 5.) On Saturday, the 23rd of May, I went to the Duke's Head, Chelsea, and I found the box—I opened it with some keys I found on the prisoner—I found in it a quantity of wearing apparel, which Mrs. Loyer identified.





DAVID RENNING
. I keep the Duke's Head in Queen-street, Chelsea. I have known the prisoner since the 24th of April—the officer came to my house for a box—the prisoner had brought that box and a'porter with him, from the steam-boat pier—Mrs. Loyer was not with hitn—she never came till she came with the officer to identify it.





ELIZA LOYER

re-examined. The box which was found at the Duke's Head was mine—there was in it two gowns, a boy's shirt, a pair of trowseri, a petticoat, some calico, a piece of linen, and two handkerchiefs—the day before the prisoner left me he took the box to another place—it was taken away from the Omnibus coffee-house on the Wednesday, as he left roe on the Thursday—I expected he was to bring it to the Rainbow, as we were to go to Manchester the next day—he never brought it to the Rainbow, and I never went to Manchester—I lost sight of the prisoner—the clothes in the box-lite fty property—I never authorized the prisoner to take the box to the Duke's Head—the children were mine—the little one was not to come out for two or three years, as he is delicate.

Prisoner. Q. Did you order me to go for the box? A. I expected you to bring it to the Rainbow—I authorized you to go and buy a box for me, three or four days after we were at the coffee-house—you always presented

to me that your baggage was at Liverpool—the clothes in the box were mine—I think there was a man's coat in it, which did not belong to me but it was bought with the money you got from me—the trowsers and waistcoat I lent you a sovereign to buy—these are my gowns and other things—I never gave you permission to carry away the things in this box—I did not give you these things to put in pawn, to take us to Paris—I gave you this one article to pawn, and you took it out, and ran away with it—I sent you for the box, but why did you not bring it to me?

COURT. Q. Were the children's clothes put in pawn? A. He said he had better get a little money on this child's coat—I had pawned these two gowns, and he went and took them out of pawn at the west-end of the town—he was leading me on from day to day—he removed the box, die bonnet, and the feather, without my consent—they were at the Omnibus coffee-house—I never delivered them to him—they were never in pawn, and never delivered to him by me, and he went off with them.

Prisoner. I never saw the bonnet and feather at all. Witness. You locked it up yourself in the box.

Prisoner, That box had belonged to me three years; we left it behind ns when we went to Paris.

COURT
to
ELIZA LOYER. Q. Tell us any articles that you never entrusted him with, and that he has carried off? A. The bonnet, and feather, and two towels—I had put them into the box, and, instead of bringing it to the Rainbow, where 1 told him, he carried it somewhere else—he took it away.

JURY. Q. You do not deny sending him for the box? A. No—he left me at ten o'clock to fetch the box, but he never brought it to me.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not buy that bonnet for you? A. No, I bought it myself—you did not buy two bonnets, for me—you were with me when'I bought them—you paid for them with my money—I never saw any money of yours—you did not send out for brandy—you did not bring wine to my room—I never took a drop of spirits with you.

COURT. Q. Have you ever had one farthing from this man? A. No—he has never, to my knowledge, had one farthing but what he got from me.

Prisoner, She never had twenty-foir sovereigns, no more than the 27l. I got at the bank, and that was laid out for different things; I had 300l. in that trunk.





ROBERT M'KENZIE

re-examined. Q. Was there any money in that box? A. Not one farthing—the box was locked, and I took the key out of the pri-. soner's pocket—the box was not found for a week after he was in custody. 


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years longer.

