



309. 




JAMES GARLICK
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
28th of Dec., 22lbs. weight of mutton, value 12s.; and 21bs. weight of beef, 1s., the goods of 



Henry Oak. (See page 374.)






FREDERICK HASWELL
 (police-constable T 133.) On Saturday morning, the 28th of Dec, I was on duty in High-street, Kensington, about five o'clock, and saw the prisoner walking up and down in front of the prosecutor's shop—he passed it twice—he continued to do so about twenty minutes—I then lost sight of him fat about two minutes—I then saw him. leave the gateway in company with Laws, Mr. Oak's servant—the prisoner was carrying a large bundle under his arm—Laws went into Mr. Oak's shop, which is two doors from the gateway—the prisoner went up Church-street, which is nearly opposite—I stopped him at the George in Church-street, and asked what he had in the bundle—he said, "Some meat I bought in Newgate-market"—I said, "This will not do for me, you must come with me to the station"—I took him by the collar and brought him about ten yards—he twisted my arm completely round and tried to escape, but I got firm hold of him—I found the bundle contained a leg of mutton, a saddle of mutton, and two pounds odd ounces of beef—that leg of mutton was afterwards claimed by Mr. Oak—he brought the fellow leg to the station, and matched it—he also claimed the saddle and the beef—I myself matched the beef with some in the shop which had been cut—it was beef steak cut right along the top, and it fitted exactly—I am certain it came from that piece of beef—the top part of the fat, which was crumpled, fitted exactly—I was in the habit of calling Laws up every morning for the last five weeks, sometimes at four o'clock, never later than half-past four o'clock—I produce the leg of mutton—it weight 10 1/4lbs.





HENRY OAK
. This leg of mutton is mine—I produce the fellow to it—I am certain it formed part of the same sheep—it is a wether sheep—the string is divided, and you will see part of it in one leg, and part in the other—I saw the beef applied, and that fitted—I saw the saddle of mutton that belonged to the same sheep, but would not keep, owing to the kidneys

becoming tainted—the two legs would not weigh the same—there may be some six ounces difference—sometimes more is cut off the loin with one leg than with another.

Prisoner's Defence. I did not steal the meat, neither did it come from Mr. Oak's shop; I bought it at Newgate-market, and was coming home, when the policeman collared me and asked what I had there; I said "Meat;" he held me by the collar very tight, and I might make a little disturbance, but nothing to signify; he said, "You had better walk with me;" I said I would do so, and I did; I never tried to get away; I do not know Mr. Oak's shop, nor the gateway, neither have I ever seen Mr. Oak before he came here.

MR. OAK
re-examined. All this was gone into before the Magistrate—the prisoner has had plenty of time to bring any one from Newgate-market

prisoner. When a butcher goes to Newgate-market to buy anything, he does not take particular notice of the name of the person he buys of; I have been out of employ some weeks; I do not take notice of the sales-man I buy of; I pay my money.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

There was another indictment against the prisoner, and the prosecutor stated that his losses had been very great during the last nine months.
