



2264. 




JOSEPH WALTER
 was indicted

 for a misdemeanor.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






MARIA BURROWS
. I am a widow, living in Albany-street, Regent's-park, I am subscriber to the Metropolitan Convalescent Institution—last September I paid the prisoner my subscription for that year—on the 9th of July, my servant, Dinah, came to me for another subscription for this year—I went with her into the dining-room—I saw the prisoner—he said he called for the subscription to the Metropolitan Convalescent Institution—I said it was a very short year—he looked at something, and said it was within a day, either before or after the time that I had paid the subscription last year—I offered him a 5l. note, which he could not change—I borrowed a sovereign of Dinah—I added 1s., and gave it him—he wrote this receipt (read)—I looked next day to my former receipt, and I found the last was paid in September—if I had known the prisoner had been discharged, and was not a collector of subscriptions, I should not have paid him the guinea in July.





DINAH PHILPOTT
. On Friday, the 9th of July, the prisoner came—he said he had called from the Metropolitan Convalescent Institution for Mrs. Burrows' subscription—I went to my mistress—she sent me down for a card or paper—I lent my mistress a sovereign—she paid it him—the prisoner gave me a printed paper, which I gave him again.





THEODORE MUNRO
. I am honorary secretary to the Metropolitan Convalescent

Institution. I live in Harley-street—the prisoner was discharged from being a collector to the institution in March or April this year—he was collector before that—Mr. Linny was appointed in the prisoner's stead—the prisoner has not paid this guinea to the society, nor had he any authority to receive it, as he had ceased to be a collector of subscriptions.

Cross-examined by
MR. ESPINASSE. Q. Is Mr. Linny here to-day? A. Yes—I do not think Linny employed the prisoner to collect subscriptions—I believe Linny did employ him for something.
(The prisoner received a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(See page 650.)
