



1930. 




ALFRED RIX
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the' 
25th of May, 3 heifers, price 15l., the property of 



William Wiggins.






WILLIAM WIGGINS
. I am a grocer, and live at Woodford. I had three heifers, which I kept on Epping Forest—I missed them at the latter end of May, or early in June—I had seen them last on the Queen's birthday, which, I think, was the 24th of May—it was on a Monday—I live on the Forest, next door to Mr. Rounding—they were opposite his house—on the 3rd of June I saw three heifers in possession of a policeman at Ilford—they are what I lost—I valued them at 15l., but I think them worth more—they are well worth 5l. a piece.





WILLIAM WILKS
. I am a blacksmith, and live at Loughton. On Tuesday night, the 25th of May, about half-past ten o'clock, I saw the prisoner in conversation with Mrs. Vichel, inquiring the way to Romford—Vichel is a baker, and lives next door to me, at the bottom of Goldham's-hill—she Mrs. could not direct him, and asked me to do so—I told him the way to Romford—he went on four or five rods in that direction, then returned, running, exclaiming as he passed me, "I have left my things"—he came back in a minute or two with three heifers—I suspected something, and went to tell Richard Fuller my suspicions—I did not find Fuller at home, and told the ostler—he told me to go to the station, and as I went I met Arthur Talmage—I told him my suspicions, and we went together on the road to Romford about a quarter of a mile, and met the prisoner returning with the three heifers—I asked him where he was going— he said, to Abridge, which is about three miles from Loughton—we followed him with the heifers—he drove them on the road to the Plume of Feathers public-house, and there I gave him into custody with the heifers.

Cross-examined by
MR. LUCAS. Q. He went back with you? A. Yes,

—I called for a pint of beer, and asked him to drink—we stopped there nearly half an hour before the policeman came—I kept close to the prisoner—he did not attempt to get away.





JOHN EDWARDS
 (police-constable H 115.) On the night of the 25th of May I was near the Plume of Feathers, and took the prisoner into custody, and secured the heifers—Wilks told me he bad stopped him with three heifers which he thought were stolen—the prisoner said they were bit property, that he bad purchased them of a Mr. William Smith that day at Waltham Abbey market—he said Smith was a jobber living at Little Adam, in Hertfordshire—I found on him two knives, a leather purse, and a new hempen halter—he said he lived at Cheshunt, and rented a cottage there with four acres of land attached, and gave the name of Alfred Rix—I asked him what detained him so long coming from Waltham market to Lough ton, it being only four miles—he said he had stopped at a beer-shop for two hours on the road from Waltham to Lough ton—there is but one beer-shop on that road—he said he had purchased some bread and cheese there—I went there and made inquiry there—I did not take him there.





JAMES AYTON
. I am sergeant of police at Loughton. On the night of the 25th of May the prisoner was brought to the house used as a station, in the custody of Edwards—I saw him searched, and two clasp-knives, one baiter, a leather purse, and a piece of cloth found on him—I asked how he came by the heifers—he said he was going to Romford market with them, and he had bought them at Waltham Abbey market, for 18l. 10s., of a William Smith—the heifers were shown to Wiggins—I made inquiry at Chingford about them—they are now at Ilford station—I did not inquire where the prisoner described himself as living.





WILLIAM RICHARDSON
. I am inspector of police. I showed Wiggins the heifers, which he claimed—I received them from Edwards.





WILLIAM WIGGINS

re-examined. I saw them afterwards at the station at Ilford, under the care of Inspector Richardson—they are what Host.

Cross-examined by
MR. LUCAS. Q. What do you know them by? have you any marks about them? A. Not particularly—there were no others turned out like them—I bred and weaned them—I had seen them daily for twelve months—they have the Forest mark on them—I know them to be my cattle—they are very peculiar, and their tails were cut square—I have had them from fifteen to eighteen months—there is one brown and white, and one nearly black and red.





JAMES EDWARDS

re-examined. I made inquiries at Cheshunt where the prisoner said he lived, and could hear of no such name having either a cottage or land.
(Reuben Nye, of Thomas-street, Hackney-road; and John Living, of Victoria-place, Bethnal-green; deposed to the prisoner's good character, and stated that he lived in Thomas-street, Hackney.)




GUILTY
. Aged 55.—


Transported for Ten Years.
