



1150. 




RUTH MILES
 was indicted

 for feloniously and knowingly uttering a counterfeit half-crown to 



Elizabeth Beedle, on the 
18th of March; having been before convicted of uttering counterfeit coin.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicit or to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Ruth Miles with another at this Court in November, 1838, for uttering counterfeit coin—I have examined it with the record, it is a true copy—(read.)





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I was present at the trial of Ruth Miles and another in this Court in November, 1838—the prisoner is the person who was convicted.





THOMAS BLAKEMAN
. I lire in Judd-street. On the 18th of March, a little after one o'clock, the prisoner came to my shop with a girl, she bought some muslin, which came to 10 1/2 d., and tendered half-a-crown, which I examined, and told her it was bad—they then went away, saying they would get other money, and fetch the goods—I put the half-crown in paper, and placed it in a private drawer—I afterwards gave it to Howard, the policeman—she did not return—she was tot more than fire minutes in the shop—I am certain of her—I saw her in custody three days after—I did not know her before.





ELIZABETH BEEDLE
. I am a servant of Mr. Gilbertson, a baker in Judd-street. On the 18th of March, about two o'clock, the prisoner came to the shop with another girl about her own age—the prisoner asked for a half-quartern loaf, which I gave her—she tendered me half-a-crown—I went to the till, and took 2s. out—I then took the half-crown from the counter, and told her it was a bad one—I took back the St., put them in the till, and told her I must show the half-crown to Mr. Gilbertson—I do not recollect that she said any thing—I immediately gave it to Mr. Gilbertson, who sent for a policeman, who took her.

Prisoner. It was not me offered it to you—you put it in the till, then took it out, and said, "I have two bad half-crowns here, one of you must have given me one." Witness. It was the prisoner gave it to me out of her hand—I had no other.





WILLIAM WALKER GILBERTSON
. I came into the shop, and found the prisoner and another girl there—Beedle gave me half-a-crown, which I

gave Howard the policeman—I had another half-crown, which I showed the policeman, but did not mix it with this.





THOMAS HOWRD
. I am a policeman. I was called in by Mr. Gilbertson—I received from him this half-crown—I took the prisoner and the other into custody—I called on Mr. Blakeman two days after, and received half-a-crown from him.

Prisoner. The two were given to him out of the till, and she showed him the two. Witness. She might show me two, but I was too much engaged with the prisoner—I only received one from Mr. Gilbertson, and do not recollect seeing any other.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. These half-crowns are both counterfeit, both cast in one mould, and alike in all respects.

Prisoner's Defence. The other girl is guilty of uttering the money, I did not do it at all; she was tried before, and acquitted.





MR. JOHN FIELD

re-examined. The other was discharged by the Magistrate, as it was stated that she took no part in the transaction.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
(The prisoner had been convicted three times before.)
