




2252. 




ELIZA EATON
 and 




THOMAS FOSTER
 were indicted for

 feloniously receiving 22 yards of cloth, value 18l.; the goods of 



William Strange, well knowing them to have been stolen.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM STRANGE.
 I am a tailor, and live at Tunbridge Wells. On the night of the 19th of Aug. I locked up my house and went out, leaving no one at home—I had at that time a quantity of cloth there—I returned the next morning between one and two o'clock, found my house broken open, and missed about 200 yards of cloth, worth between 60l. and 70l.—on the 21st Goddard, the constable came to me, and in consequence of what he said I went to the railway-station—a basket was there opened, and I saw my cloth there—it was repacked, and I saw it again in London—this now produced in it—I have some list here, to compare with this cloth—I am perfectly satisfied it is mine.





THOMAS GODDARD.
 I am a constable of Tunbridge—on the 21st of Aug. I went to the Railway-station, and found there this hamper—I opened it, and found it contained this cloth—I went to Mr. Strange, who came and identified the cloth—the hamper had been packed up by a basket-maker, and I sent for the same man to repack it—it had this direction on it, "G. Chitty, 2, Arnold's Paragon, Francis-street, Newington Butts, London"—after the hamper per was delivered there, I went into the house—I saw Morton and Eaton talking—the hamper was taken into the parlour, and afterwards taken to the station-house in Lock's-fields.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON.
Q. It was not opened till it was at the station? A. No.





ISAAC HUBBARD.
 I am porter to Chaplin and Horne—I took this basket to the house where it is directed—Eaton opened the door—I said I had a hamper, addressed to Mr. Chitty, 2, Arnold's Paragon, Francis-street, Newington Butts—I asked whether such a person lived there—she said, "Yes bring it in, it is all right"—I set it in the passage, and demanded 3s. 1d., which was paid me—I said I wanted my book signed, and Eaton took it into the room and brought it out signed "J. Chitty"—the direction on the hamper was G. Chitty.





WILLIAM MORTON.
 (police-serjeant, P 7.) I went with Hubbard on the 23rd of Aug., to deliver the hamper—I saw it delivered, and heard him ask what he has stated—he asked to have his book signed, and Eaton took it into the front parlour—I looked through the window and saw Foster lying in bed—I saw him write in the book, and when it was brought out again, I saw the signature in it, J. Chitty—I then went in, and saw the two prisoner talking in the front parlour—I asked Eaton where the hamper was that had just come—she made no reply—I asked her to come with me, and I went into the back parlour—I there saw the hamper—I asked her what was in it—she said she did not know—I said, "It contains cloth stolen from Tunbridge Wells, and I shall take you for receiving it knowing it to be stolen—she said she knew nothing about it—I asked where Mr. Chitty resided—she said she did not know, that he had left there six months, and asked her

to take in any parcels that came—I asked if she was landlady of the house—she said "Yes, but she let it all off but that parlour"—I asked her where Chitty lived—she said she did not know—that he traveled the country, and only called there when he came to London—I went into the front parlour, and found in the drawers three letters, addressed to Mr. Chitty—Foster said the drawers did not belong to him nor the letters.

Foster. Q. Who had the key of the drawers? A. Eaton had.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know Chitty? A. I do not know that I should—I do not know that I have seen him—I believe a man named Chitty is known to the police—that is not Foster.





JAMES DABSON.
 I am a constable of Tunbridge Wells—I came to London and saw the hamper delivered—I went immediately afterwards into the room where Foster was in bed—I called to him four or five times—he appeared fast asleep and would not hear anything I said—the book had been signed not half a minute before—I told him to get up, I must take him about the cloth—he said "Cloth, I know nothing about it"—he said his name was not Chitty, it was Foster—I said "Why did you sign the book John Chitty if your name is Foster"—he said Mrs. Eaton the landlady asked him to do it, and he had done it.

Foster. Q. Was it about half a minute after the book was signed that you came in? A. Yes—instantly.

Foster to
WILLIAM MORTON.
Q. When did you come in? A. Just. afterwards.

Foster. Dabson says I was asleep, and you said I was talking.

Foster's Defence. Respecting those letters that were found in a drawer, locked up, I had been stopping in the house nearly three weeks previously, and Eston had frequently asked me to read and write letters for her; she could not write; she came into the room that morning when this was delivered, and asked me to sign the book, which I did as a kindness; as to knowing anything at all of the robbery, I do not; the policeman admitted that there is a man named Chitty, who is known; and they know very well my name is Foster; had my name been Chitty, this person would have come and said, "Here is a parcel for you, there is 3s. 1d. to pay;" but she paid that and took it into her own apartment; it had nothing to do with me; she merely came and asked me to sign the book so and so, for her; I know nothing of the affair; I had a great number of persons to come up, who know Chitty, and that my name is Foster.

EATON—


GUILTY. Aged 33.

FOSTER—


GUILTY. Aged 30.





Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against Eaton)
