



242. 




JAMES LUCAS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on, the 
29th of Nov., 1 handkerchif, value 5s., the goods of 



John Croft Carly, from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN CROFT CARLY
. I am a wine-merchant, and live in Winchester-street, Salisbury. About the middle of the day, on the 29th of Nov., I was walking in Ratcliff-highway—I felt a pull at my coat—I put my hand into my pocket, and missed my handkerchief—I saw my handkerchief in the hand of the prisoner, who was just behind me—I said, "Halloo, my friend, that is my handkerchief, if you will allow me I will take charge of it"—he said, "I was just going to give it you, sir, I picked it up"—I said, "That is impossible, for it is very dirty, and there is no dirt on it"—there was another man, who held out his hand towards the prisoner, as I thought, take it—I had a friend with me, and I said to him, "If you will take to one of his arms I will take him to the station"—the prisoner said he was a married man, and had two or three small children, and bad been very much in distress, and was not in the habit of doing such things—I said, "I would have given you half-a-crown if you had told me you was his in distress"—he said he was very near-sighted, and asked me to look at his eyes—I said, "It is no place to look at your eyes here"—he then became very restive, and tried to get away—he struck my friend, and struck me, and cut my under lip—my friend called out "Police!" and the officer came to our assistance—this is my handkerchief.

Prisoner. When you turned round I did not conceal the handkerchief; I was giving it to you after I picked it off the ground.

Witness. He had not time to put it into his pocket—I turned immediately, and saw the handkerchief screwed up in his hand.





ROBERT HURST
. I am a gas-fitter, and live hand in Ratcliff-highway. I was at my shop door, and saw the prosecutor pass—I saw the prisoner draw a handkerchief from his pocket—I was going to speak to him, but he found it out himself, and turned round.

Prisoner. Q. Were there one or two men walking beside the prosecutor? A. I do not know that I saw any man—I saw you draw the handkerchief from his pocket—I could not ascertain whether any part of it

was hanging out of his pocket—I was looking at you as I was standing at my own door.





JOSIAH CHAPLIN
 (police-constable H 124.) The prisoner was given into my charge by the prosecutor and his friend—he was making a violent resistance to get away—he said he picked up the handkerchief to give to the gentleman.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me strike either of the gentlemen? A. No—he was struggling to get away, and making a violent resistance—there was a spot of blood on his lip.

Prisoner's Defence. All I did was I picked it up, and then the gentleman said I took it out of his pocket; I said if I could not see to work, I could not see to take his handkerchief; and I would not go innocently; then I struck him, but no blood was on him, and my face was covered with blood, as I was knocked about in the struggle.





JOHN SHERER
 (police-constable H 284.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction, by the name of William Tapping—(read)—"Convicted on the 28th of Sept., 7th Vict., and sentenced to three months' imprisonment."




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years
.
