




1234. 




RICHARD SMART
, and 




WILLIAM KEY
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
22nd of March, 130 yards of printed cotton, value 5l. 18s. 3d.; the goods of 



Charles White and others; and that they had been before convicted of felony.—2nd COUNT, stating it to belong to 



Benjamin Creed.






JOHN HOWLETT
. I am warehouseman to Charles White and others. I looked out some printed cottons on the 22nd of March—these are them.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did you pack them up? A. No, nor see them packed—I can swear to these being the goods.





JOHN LEWIS
. I packed up these two pieces of print on the 22nd of March—I marked them, and gave them to Bejamin Creed, the carrier—these are them.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite sure these are them? A. I can swear to the mark on the paper—I directed it myself, to "William Horton, Walworth."





BENJAMIN CREED
. I am the Peckham Rye carrier. I received this parcel from Mr. Lewis, in Bread-street—I got on to Guildhall Tap, which is our booking-office—I went on to Walworth—I then missed the parcel—I believe this is the parcel.





BRIDGET COOTE
. I have kept a fruit stall in Guildhall-buildings for seventeen years. About seven o'clock at night, on the 22nd of March, I saw three

lads that I have known for years—two of them were the prisoners—to the best of my opinion, Key is the one that struck me violently—I am perfectly sure the prisoners were the persons—I looked attentively at them, while I pretended to look at my fruit—they were walking about a carrier's cart which was standing there—I kept my eye on them, and I saw the young man who is not detected, jump into the part, and take the parcel out—he took it as far as Rose-alley, and put it from his shoulder on the shoulder of Smart, saying, "We are all right"—they then went to Moorgate-street, all three together—the man that took the parcel said to the others, "We will call a cab"—I still was after them, and as I got to a baker's shop, I said, "They will give me the double," as there was a new sewer making—I then collared Smart, and said, "You villain, you have assisted to rob the carrier's cart at Guildhall, and you are a notorious thief"—he said, "I got it from a man in the street"—I said, "Yes, your brother thief, but you shall go no further; come, gentlemen, assist me, if you please; I am the poor Irishwoman who sells fruit at Guild-hall-buildings"—I took the parcel off Smart's shoulder—he said, "Take the parcel, I had it from a man in the street"—he got away, and the other two ran away—I gave the parcel to an officer.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you been in this country? A. Twenty years—I have not given two or three accounts of this—I am not rather hasty—the police have locked me up once, for asking for my own, not for drunkenness or bad conduct, or for an assault—an ancient elderly gentleman came up to me, and said, "Let the man go"—I had to go up three times—the Hon. Sir Peter Laurie broke my evidence, because the parcel was not there—I afterwards went befor Sir Matthew Wood.





ALEXANDER SANDERSON
 (City police-constable, No. 132.) I produce this parcel, which I got from Coote.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-sergeant G 20.) I took Smart on the next day at his lodging, in Bell-alley, Goswell-street—I told him what it was for—he said he had not been in the City for a month previous.





GEORGE DEWER
 (police-constable G 151.) I apprehended Key in a public-house in Golden-lane.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you at the investigation of this case before Alderman Farebrother? A. No—I was at Guildhall on the Tuesday—I did not see Selina Hudson there—I did not see any woman applying about a will—I did not hear any woman say she was present at the transaction—I was not applied to by Smart or his mother about a woman, to get her attendance, if I could—I did not say I should be able to do for him at the next examination, nor anything of the kind.

Key's Defence. I wish to have Beaton called, to prove that I was at her place on the night the robbery was committed.





MARY ANN BEATON
. I live at No. 4, Thomas-court, Arthur-street, Golden-lane. Key was at my place from three o'clock till five on Wednesday, the 22nd of March, with a young woman who was lodging with me, of the name of Catherine Sullivan—she had a young child who was taken very ill, it died about five o'clock; and Key went out about five o'clock, and was out about twenty minutes or half an hour—he then came in, and was in my place till half-past ten o'clock—my mother is in the hospital, and I have the room to myself—I have three brothers to take care of—there are different persons live in the house—I don't know Thomas Noon nor Michael Noon—I swear I don't know any such persons—I do not know Smart—I am a ladies' work-box liner—I lined a dozen boxes for Mr. Worcester, of Long-lane, before twelve o'clock that day.


MR. DOANE
called






SELINA HUDSON
. My husband is a baker, and lives at Highbury—I was before an alderman last month on a case of my own, respecting some goods which were left me by will—while I was there I saw the prisoners there—I asked a person, who I believe was a friend of the prisoner's mother, what they were brought up to answer for, and I ascertained it was for stealing a parcel from a carrier's cart in Guildhall—I think on Wednesday, the 22nd of March, I was coining through Great Bell-alley, Moorgate-street, at seven o'clock in the evening, and a man about forty ran past me with a parcel, and a boy was after him, crying "Stop thief"—he turned and said, "You won't have me"—I went on, and saw an old woman with a bundle; she was making a remark, that the man had run down Bell-alley, and he had struck her on the cheek—my curiosity led me to follow her, as there was a crowd—I saw her go over to a door and get the parcel, and go with it to a public-house by Guildhall—she said she saw three men, one got in the cart and took the parcel, and gave it to another one—she came out of the public-house in about five minutes without the parcel—she went over to her stall, and I left her there—she had not hold of Smart nor any one then; and Smart was not the one that I saw with the parcel, nor the person that she said struck her, for I described the man to her.

COURT. Q. Where were you married? A. At Stepney Church—I live with my husband—I know nothing of the prisoners—they are strangers to me.





BRIDGET COOTE

re-examined. Q. Who was it struck you? A. I rather think Key—I collared Smart, and said, "You have robbed the cart, and you shall go no further"—the other man was as young as either of the prisoners, and he had a fustian jacket—I saw a gentleman about forty, who came up to me at the baker's door—I gave him the parcel to hold—he said I had done myself great honour.





JAMES BRENNAN
 (police-sergeant G 20.) I produce a certificate of Smart's former conviction by the name of Martin, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read).

Cross-examined. Q. Had you him in custody? A. It was a joint case—I had two prisoners in custody concerned in the same case with him, and he has been in custody repeatedly since—I knew him previous to that and since then—I know he is the person.

COURT. Q. Do you know Mary Ann Beaton, who came about Key? A. I do; and I am sorry to say she stood here and swore to what was palpably false—her room is a common receptacle for thieves.





WILLIAM HORSENELL
. I produce a certificate of Kay's former conviction, which I got from the clerk of the peace at Clerkenwell—(read)—he is the Person.

SMART,†—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

KEY,—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.





Transported for Fouteen Years.


Sixth Jury, before 


Edward Bullock, Esg.

