




367. 




ELIZA DAVIS
 was indicted

for assaulting 



Ann Phillips, on the 
24th of November, putting her in fear, and taking from her person, and against her will, 1 bonnet, value 4s.; 1 yard of ribbon, value 6d.; 1 feather, value 5s.; and 1 purse, value 1s.; her property.






ANN PHILLIPS
. I am single, and live at No. 2, Angel-alley, White-chapel. On Tuesday night, the 24th of November, before twelve o'clock, I was at the Pavilion theatre—I was returning home to my lodging—I turned into Angel-alley, and in the alley I met the prisoner—I knew her before, but was never in her company—she asked me to give her some money—I told her I had got none to give her—she then hit me in the lip with her fist, then put her hand in my bosom, and took my purse out—there was no money in it—it was a blue purse, with white stripes on it—I turned back to go a different way home, to get out of her way—I did not strike her at all—she followed me, and hit me, at the corner of Osborne-street, across the nose and in the eye—she then undid the string of my bonnet, and threw me down in the mud—I did not fall from the blow—she threw me down when she hit me, to undo my bonnet, to take it off my head—she broke the string, and took it right off—she ran away, leaving me there—there were a good many people present when she ran away—she took my bonnet with her—I went home—I made no charge against her next day—I could not come out till Friday, because my face was so bruised—I came out on Friday, and saw her in Angel-alley—she spoke to me first, and began to abuse me again, calling me names—she did not strike me again—I then gave her in charge—I did not see any body present when she struck me and broke my bonnet-string—the bonnet had a feather in it—I have not seen the feather again—I had never spoken to her before, but I had seen her walking the street—my occupation and hers are the same.

JURY. Q. Had you been drinking together on the Tuesday evening? A. No, I never drank with her—I had had part of two quarterns of gin with Richardson, who is here—I was quite sober.





MARY ANN RICHARDSON
. I live in Angel-alley. On Tuesday, the 24th of November, I had been to the Pavilion, and had a quartern of gin with the prosecutrix—we were both quite sober, I am certain—she left me to go home, just by the Pavilion, in Wnitechapel-road—I live in the same house with her, but in a different room—I came home about a quarter to one o'clock—Phillips was then at home, and crying—her face was bruised—she was saying when I came home, "Don't tell Mary Ann"—(she was afraid to tell me)—I said, "I don't want to know any of your secrets," but two or three minutes afterwards I asked her how it happened, and she sat down in a chair, burst out crying, and told me all about it—on the Tuesday night she had on a straw bonnet, lined with Persian silk, and the outside trimmed with velvet—I did not see that bonnet after she parted with me that night—I went out with her on the Friday following, and saw the prisoner standing in the alley—Phillips said, "That is the girl that stole my bonnet," loud enough for the prisoner to hear—the prisoner began to abuse her, and call her names—we walked down the court together, and saw a policeman at the bottom, and Phillips gave her in charge.





JOHN MADDEN
. I am a policeman. On Friday, the 27th of November, I was on duty in Whitechapel, and saw Phillips and Richardson coming down Angel-alley—the prisoner was behind them, abusing them—she told her she was a liar, she did not steal her bonnet—she was given in charge—she denied it all along—I went to her lodgings, No. 102, Went-worth-street,

with Cummins, a policeman—she did not go with me—she was gone to prison, but I got information—I found these velvet cuffs in a chest of drawers in the room—I had not learnt from her where she lodged—the landlord's name is Hewitt—he is not here—there was a bed in the room—it was a down-stairs room.





THOMAS CUMMINS
. I am a policeman. I went with Madden to the room, and found a bonnet in the water-closet, down in the soil, about ten feet deep—I produce it.





MARY CASEY
. I live at No. 102, Wentworth-street—the prisoner lodged there in November last, for only two nights—she lodged there at the time the bonnet was taken, and the morning after she was making some cuffs at the street-door—they were like these produced—three other girls came up while she was there—she laughed, and called the girl some name that the bonnet was taken from—one of the girls said she would not mind striking the girl, but it was a shame to tear off her things—one of the girls said, she would strike her again, and pay a woman 1s. to strike her along with her, for being so flash as she was—I did not hear the prisoner make any answer—I did not see the bonnet—the other young woman asked me to buy it—five or six girls live in that house—I was there when the constable found the cuffs—they were in the room of Ann Hewit, the landlady.





EMMA MITCHELL
. I am shopwoman to Mr. Hough ton, who carries on the straw business—I know the prosecutrix by sight—I recollect selling her a straw bonnet about two months ago, trimmed with red velvet like these cuffs—this is the bonnet, I know it by my work—I trimmed and finished it, and here is a piece of paper inside with my mark on it.





ANN PHILLIPS
 (re-examined.) I know this bonnet—it is quite a coarse straw—these cuffs were made with the same velvet as was on my bonnet, and the same sort of lining—I have no mark on it—it it a common sort of bonnet.

Prisoner's Defence. As I was coming home at two o'clock on Tuesday morning, I heard about the row about the bonnet—the girls that live in the house told me about the bonnet being torn—I picked up these pieces of velvet by the coffee-shop in Osborne-street, and made a pair of cuffs of them in the morning, but I did not know it was the trimming of her bonnet—I was out every night till Friday, and came home on Friday in the day time—I was waiting in Angel-alley for a young woman—the prosecutrix came and abused me for being one of the persons that stole her bonnet—I said, I was not—she said, she would give me in charge, and I went down for her to give me in charge—I was remanded for a fortnight, and the bonnet was found—she swears I am the person, but I am not—she often drank with me at the corner of George-yard.




GUILTY. Aged 18.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury
.—


Transported for Ten Years.
