



1735. 




GEORGE JACKSON
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 purse value 1s., 5 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns, 4 half-crowns, and 2s., the property of 



Girolamo di Mattia.






WALTER FEATHERSTONHAUGH.
 I live in Chester-le-street, in the country of Durham—on the 12th of July I was on board a steam-boat off the Adelphi-pier, Hungerford—I had got on board at Westminster—the prisoner sat near me—I saw no one in his company then—I did not see him move from the rail, but I saw him standing before me in the act of taking a purse from the pocket of the prosecutor with his right hand—his comrade held the pocket—the prisoner had a great coat hanging on his left arm—he put the purse under the coat—I tapped the prosecutor on the back and told him he had had his pocket picked—I laid hold of the prisoner, and told him the purse was in his possession—I secured him—he stopped down and then threw the purse overboard—it was a kind of shot coloured purse—I did not see the face of the other man—we had left the Hungerford pier about 100 yards—the vessel was in motion—a good many people were on board.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. Was it an old man with him? A. I did not see his face.





SAMSON SAMSON.
 I live at Albion-terrace, Walworth-road—I was on board the steam-boat—I saw the last witness lay hold of the prisoner—he said, "You scoundrel, you have got the gentleman's purse"—I looked round immediately, and saw the prisoner throw something overboard—I touched the prosecutor on the back, he did not understand a word of English—I spoke in French and told him he was robbed—he understood me then.





GIROLAMO DI MATTIA
 (through an interpreter.) On the 12th of July I was on board a steam-boat—I had a purse of a reddish colour—it contained five sovereigns,

two half-sovereigns, four half-crowns, two or three shillings, and some sixpences—I was spoken to and missed it—I have never seen it since.

Cross-examined. Q. What is your name? A. (Writing it, Girolamo di Mattia.)





ROBERT WARE
 (City-policeman.) I was at Blackfriars pier, and took charge of the prisoner—I found no purse on him.




GUILTY. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven years.

