



1277. 




THOMAS COLLINS
, was indicted

 for stealing 1 pocket-book, value 1s.; and two 50l. Bank-notes; the property of 



Thomas Baring and others, from the person of 



Joseph Thomas Martin.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH THOMAS MARTIN
. I am clerk to Thomas Baring and others, of Bishopsgate-street. About half-past three or four o'clock in the afternoon of the 6th of April, I had been for my masters to Drummonda' at Charing-cross, I then went up Pall Mall to the London Joint Stock Bank, and came back to Bouverie's in the Haymarket—any one passing might see me go into these bankers'—as I passed the front of the National Gallery, I felt something at my pocket behind, where I bad my pocket-book, containing, among other things, two 50l. notes, and bills of exchange to the amount of 3,000l.—I put my hand behind, and found my pocket-book was gone—I turned sharply round, and saw the prisoner by the side of me, a few paces off—I saw my pocket-book drop from the bottom of his frock coat down his legs—I immediately seized him and the book, and accused him of picking my pocket—he denied it—I said, "You have "—he said, "I did not; I am a respectable roan "—I still kept hold of him—he said, "I am a respectable man; don't lay hold of me in this way, to be gazed at by the public; I keep my account at the London and Westminster Bank, in Oxford-street"—he proposed to have a cab, to go up there with me—I declined that—he said, "If you will not go, let me go in some shop, and I will give you my address, and I demand your card"—he said, "Do you know the consequence of collaring a respectable man in the

street?"—I said, "Yes"—we went into a bootmaker's shop at the end of the National Gallery—I told the prisoner I had no objection to go into a shop—my only object was to gain time—a man, having the appearance of a respectable man, remonstrated with me, and said I ought to go with him to the London and Westminster Bank—the prisoner and another man offered to give their address—I had no objection—the prisoner gave the name of Mr. Brown, Sherbourne-street, Alpha-road—it was written down by the person who went in with him—I came to the door to see if there was a policeman coming, and left the prisoner writing this address with his friend—a policeman came up, and I gave the prisoner into custody—I kept the book back till I got to the station, and then gave it to the officer—some bills of exchange were returned to me.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you been long with your employers? A. Sixteen years—mine is an inside pocket, and that is the way I usually carry my book—I know a little show near the National Gallery—I think this happened about twenty yards eastward of that—I will swear it was ten yards off—I was walking—there were not many persons walking about at the spot where I had my pocket picked—there were persons walking by there—the prisoner's coat was unbuttoned—I am quite sure of that, because when he faced me, I saw his waistcoat—I have not enquired at the London and Westminster Bank whether he had an account there—I did not go to the address the prisoner gave me—the policeman had the case, and I thought it was out of my duty to do so—the prisoner was three or four feet from me when I turned round—the book was in ray left pocket—the nearest person to me was some yards from him.





WILLIAM HOLDEN
. I am in the service of the Right Hon. Mr. Grenville, of Hamilton-place, Piccadilly; I have been so eight years. At a quarter to four o'clock, on the 6th of April, I was walking near the National Gallery—I saw a pocket-book falling from the prisoner's person—he had a frock coat on—his coat was open, and the pocket-book fell from inside—the prosecutor picked it up, and accused him of picking his pocket—he said he had done no such thing, he was mistaken; that he was a respectable man, and referred to his bankers—he said it was impossible for him to do it—his hands were in his pockets—I had not seen him before.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you behind the prosecutor? A. No, before him—I never turned—I was meeting the prosecutor—I did not observe the cage of birds and beasts near the National Gallery—there was no such thing near where we were, or within twenty yards or more than that—I had not passed anything of that description to my knowledge—there were a great many persons about, but no one near me—two or three boys came up—they were the first I saw—I did not see a little boy run round the prisoner—I swear that—there was no boy within three yards of him—the prisoner was two or three paces from the prosecutor when I first saw him—I and the prosecutor have not been conversing as to the evidence in this Court—he has asked me what I saw of it, or something of that kind—I have not been describing what I saw—I mentioned how the pocket-book fell.

MR. DOANE. Q. How soon after you saw the pocket-book fall were you examined about it? A. I should think about three quarters of an hour.





JOHN BICKERSON
 (police-constable A 22.) I received charge of the prisoner from Mr. Martin—he delivered to me this pocket-book, containing two 50l. bank-notes—the prisoner said he had not committed a felony; he was a respectable man, and he could prove that, if I would go with him to his bankers close by—I took him to the station in Vine-street—I searched him, and found 4l. 10s. in gold on him, 2s. 8d. in silver, and one penny—he gave me his name, as Thomas Collins, 22, Sherbourne-street, Alpha-road—after we

had been before the Magistrate, we went there—I found there a portmanteau, a chest of drawers, seven or eight satin and silk velvet waistcoats, four or five pairs of trowsers, some of them quite new, not soiled at all, a dress coat, and an almost new short jacket, with a great many bottom on it—I at first took it to be a page's dress.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Produce it. A. I have not got it here—I did not inquire at the London and Westminster Bank. (Harriet Thompson, Church-street, Paddington; George Brown, tailor, Jermyn-street; William Fair, hatter, Union-street, Bow-road; Charles Townsend, solicitor, East-street, Walworth; James Hancock, Gunshot-wharf, Tooley-street; deposed to the prisoner's good character.)

MR. DOANE
called






THOMAS HENRY THOMPSON
 (police-sergeant D 4.) I have known the prisoner for four or five years, since he was quite a lad—I have frequently seen him in the street with thieves and pickpockets—I have spoken to him—I have seen him in company with persons who have been convicted—one of them, named Francis, is in Newgate now.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. How long have you been a sergeant? A. Nearly fifteen years—I have never known a charge against the prisoner, and never had him in custody—the last occasion I saw him in company with thieves, was with John Francis, in the neighbourhood of Lissongrove—I cannot mention the date—it was at Marylebone theatre—I went there to look after some one to take him—I did not watch the prisoner, but I mentioned to Mr. Morgan what company he had got in the boxes—I have seen him at many other times—I have seen him as late as two o'clock in the morning coming out of the Harp—I cannot say how often—I have seen him out till two in the morning.





GEORGE BISHOP
 (police-constable D 30.) I have been a policeman nearly twelve years—I have seen the prisoner in the neighbourhood of Lisson-grove for the last twelve months, almost every day, in company with Francis, who was tried last Tuesday in the other Court.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Have you seen him late at night? A. I cannot say I have.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.

