



2265. 




WILLIAM TREWBRIDGE



, stealing 1 portmanteau, 6 coats, 4 waistcoat-pieces, and other goods, value 63l. 4s.; the goods of the 

Eastern Counties Railway Company.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.





GEORGE CROSS
. I am traveller to Messrs. Nicholls. I came from Ipswich by the Eastern Counties Railway to the station in Shoreditch on the 30th Sept.—I saw a brown portmanteau of mine put into the luggage-van at Ipswich—it contained about a dozen coats of a new register Llama paletôts and about eighteen French waistcoat-shapes, which I used as patterns—I had also a new edition of "Walker's Dictionary"—Mr. M'Pherson and I were together at the same hotel at Ipswich, and he having no luggage agreed to assist me—when I came to London, I went to the luggage-van to get my portmanteau, and it was gone—there had been a leather label on it, with my name on it—I have not seen the portmantean since, but some of the waistcoatings have been produced by the officers, which were part of the property stolen—some of the coats had patent pocket-protectors, and some had the Llama hood—the "Protector" is an elastic covering on the mouth of the pocket, which prevents anything falling out or being easily extracted from it; it closes when the pocket is shut—I believe that the waistcoat-pieces produced are part of what I lost.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Are there not others of the same sort anywhere else? A. I cannot say—I believe these to be mine—there is a mark on one of them—they correspond with what I lost, and there is a stain on one of them, and in pursuing my journey the portmanteau was exposed to a very heavy rain, not having sufficient covering, and I have no doubt these marks on thewaistcoatings were caused by the stain of the portmanteau—here is the mark—I had two waistcoats that had this mark, and one of them is gone—when I had them the mark was not torn off, it was perfect—part of this mark has been removed—I know this mark was on it before it was put in the portmanteau—here is enough of this mark for me to know it—there is another party here to speak to it.





JOHN HEASMAN
. I am warehouseman to Messrs. Nicholls. I know these waistcoatings are their property, and are sold by them—these are the same that I packed up for Mr. Cross previous to his going his journey on 1st Aug.—I have examined them all, they all correspond—this one has part of a mark on it—I believe the entire of our stock bad this mark on it—I believe this is one of the pieces of goods that I packed up for Mr. Cross about the last week in July.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you speak to all these having the same mark? A. No, they have not; the marks have evidently been taken from them—this one has part of the mark—the marks are put on them before they come into our possession.





JOHN COX
. I keep a beer-house at No. 70, Cannon-street. On 2nd Oct. the prisoner came to my house between twelve and one o'clock in the day—he said he had come from Boulogne, and he had some things with him that he could sell cheap—he showed me some paletot coats or over-coats, with pockets on the sides, and India-rubber by the side of them—the patent pocket protectors, and an inside lining such as you put over your head—I had

never seen with such coats before—he offered to sell them for 25s. a piece—I did not buy any—he produced seven or eight pieces of waistcoating like these, of the same pattern—he left this one with me—he offered to sell it for 6s. he said these things had been seized, and he bought them at a Custom-house" sale—I afterwards saw the advertisement of the loss of some property on the Eastern Counties Railway, and gave information—I did not pay him for this waistcoat—I knew him before—as a customer.

Cross-examined. Q. He has sold you things for your own use before? A. Yes; I knew him as a traveller in woollen goods—he offered these openly—there was no secrecy about it—this one waistcoat was all he left with me—the officer had it from me—I have not seen the paletôt coats since—I have known the-prisoner about six months—I have sold amongst my custom goods that, he has left with me—when he left this waistcoat, there were seven or eight persons present.





WILLIAM BURLINGTON
. I was in Mr. Cox's beer-shop on the 2nd Oct.—I saw the presoner there—he produced three coats, two of them was paletôts—one of them had a lining, or something fixed on between the sholders—he showed the patent pocket-protectors in the room—he offered duplicate of a coat for sale for 1s. 6d.—he said he pawned that coat for 1l., that same morning—there was India-rubber on the pocket-protector, which had writing on it—I saw the prisoner show some waistcoat-pieces—he afterwards went out, and said he was going to Walbrook—he returned in about twenty minutes—he said he had sold the two overcoats for 5l., and not get the money.

Cross-examined. Q. You had a good deal of conversation with his at different times. A. Yes; I had no more conversation with him than say other person in the place.





GEORGE CHURCH
. I keep a public-house in Whitechapel. Two men came to my house—one of them had three or four bundles—I cannot say that the prisoner is one of them—I do not believe he is—he is of the same stature, but that man had whiskers and a snuff-coloured top-coat—when I saw the prisoner, he had no whiskers—he was as he is now—he resembles the man, but I could not swear he was the man—I had been drinking a little—I had been out on an excursion—I did not see the contents of the bundle, I only saw some waistcoat-pieces—these are three of them—I gave him 16s. for them—I do not know the prisoner—I know the man that came with him.

Cross-examined. Q. You had been drinking that night? A. Yes; I never saw the person before who came with the man that I know—I cannot say that the prisoner was the man—I have 200 or 300 hawkers come to my house in a day.





GEORGE WILLIAM WHITE
. I bought a waistcoat-piece of the prisoner, and had it made up into a waistcoat—the officer had it—this is it—I bought it three weeks ago in the Crown public-house in Whitecross-street—the prisoner had some other waistcoat-pieces, some shot, and some satin.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you known the prisoner long? A. About six or eight months as travelling with woollen goods, and by his going with me when I wanted woollen cloth—I made use of his judgment as a person understanding these things.

MR. PRENDLRGAST. Q. Have you ever known him as a traveller to any one? A. I cannot tell; I have seen him with different parcels—I always understood him to be a traveller for the parties who employed him—I never knew who these parties were.





JOHN STOEEY
. (City policeman. 414) I took the prisoner at a Public-house

in Bethnal-green—I told him I wanted him for a robbery at the Eastern Counties Railway, and stealing a portmanteau, containing paletôt coats and waistcoats—he said a man gave him the coats to sell, and the vests he bought down Petticoat-lane—I found thirteen duplicates on him, and twentyfive at his lodgings, but not relating to this property—they all relate to waistcoat-pieces—I believe he is a general dealer in waistcoat pieces—I have known him three or four years—he used to wear whiskers, but when I apprehended him he had none—I had not seen him since he was at Guildhall—to the best of my knowledge he had whiskers then.

Cross-examined. Q. You told him something about the coats that he had shown to Mr. Cox, did you not? A. Yes—he told me the coats he had offered to Mr. Cox a man gave him to sell, and the waistcoats he bought in Petticoat-lane—there is a market there for everything, nearly every day.





JOHN COX

re-examined. When the prisoner came to me that day, he had whiskers—I had seen him before—I never saw him without whiskers till I saw him at the Mansion-house.





MICHAEL HAYDON
 (City-policeman, 21). I received these three waistcoatpieces from Mr. Church, and the waistcoat from Mr. White—I knew the prisoner before—he was always in whiskers.





JAMES KINNERLY
. I am a constable at the Eastern Counties Railway—I know the prisoner well—he always had whiskers when I have seen him, till I saw him at the Mansion-house—I have seen him about the platform of the Eastern Counties Railway, and outside the gates—I have watched him repeatedly—I never saw him go in a train, but always walking; about the platform, or outside the gates—I never made myself known to him—my business is to take notice of people there.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years
.
