




2377. 



FREDERICK YOUNG
 and 



ELIZA YOUNG



, stealing 27 yards of drugget, and other articles, value 3l. 14s.; the goods of 



John Wood and another, his masters.—2nd COUNT, feloniously receiving the same; Frederick having been before convicted.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY WOOD
. I am in partnership with my brother, John Wood—we are carpet, blanket, and woollen-warehousemen, in Watling-street—Frederick Young was our carman for a year and a half—it was his duty to take out parcels for delivery—he was always about in the warehouse, with the other porters, waiting for orders—in consequence of information, I went, on 18th Oct., to his house—I there found a piece of drugget, a rug, sheets, and a carpet—this drugget was tacked on each side, as they are in our warehouse—I had seen the pattern in our warehouse—I know the rug; I believe it was made expressly for us.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLER. Q. How many persons are in the firm? A. Only my brother and myself—Frederick's duty was not confined to carting out goods.






THOMAS BRADLEY
 (City-policeman, 269). I went to 37, Albion-place, London-wall, with Siggol, and found Eliza Young on the ground-floor—she went up stairs—Siggol went up—I saw him bring down this drugget, rug, sheets, and carpet—Eliza Young came down just before him—I asked her how she accounted for this drugget being in her possession—she said some man brought it—I said, "What is his name?"—she said, "I don't know"—I said, "Where does he live?"—she said, "I don't know"—I took her into custody—I took Frederick Young the same day—I told him I had locked his wife up for having possession of some drugget, a hearth-rug, and several other things—he said, "I know nothing at all about them; if they are there they are unbeknown to me."

Cross-examined. Q. You never knew her by any other name than Mrs. Young? A. No—there were two children there.





WILLIAM SIGGOL
 (City-policeman, 290). I went with Mr. Wood and Bradley to the prisoners' house, and at the foot of the bed I found this piece of drugget tied up with string, and a sheet over it—in a cupboard I found a hearth-rug, and between the sacking and the mattress nine sheets—Eliza Young came up stairs—she said she knew nothing about the things, I must speak to her husband—I found this carpet on the floor.

Cross-examined. Q. Is it not a common place to keep sheets between the bed and mattress? A. Yes.





HENRY CRIVER
. I am warehouseman to Messrs. Wood. Two pieces of this drugget came into our stock about ten months ago—I should say I saw this piece in stock about a month ago—there are twenty-seven yards and a half—it is worth 2l. 10s.—I believe these cotton sheets to be part of Messrs. Wood's stock—this is wrapping for blankets—I believe it to be Messrs. Wood's—I have the day-book here—I have examined it—I cannot find an entry of any rugs, sold between the 16th and 18th Oct., of this size—I believe this rug is my masters'—the prisoner never purchased such articles.

Cross-examined. Q. Is it a large establishment? A. There are twelve persons in the employ—this sheeting is very common; thousands of yards are sold every day, with the exception of one pair, which are not a common make—I believe they are made for us—there are no marks on these things—we mark everything—our mark is placed on a ticket attached to the piece, and that ticket is not here—I do not know the hearth-rug—I cannot say that none of this property has been sold by the firm; I believe the drugget has not been sold—Frederick Young was carman—he was not entirely confined to carrying out goods—he would come in the warehouse to take goods to the cart, and carry out the parcels during the day, if the cart was not going out.





GEORGE COLLINS
. I am a hearth-rug maker. I made this rug for Messrs. woods' on their drawing—I made only two of this pattern—this is marked "2956," on the back, in my marking.





SAMUEL THACKERY
. I am in Messrs. Wood's employ. I do not remember this rug going out; I remember its coming back on 6th Oct.—it is entered in the credit-book the day it was returned—I have looked through the day-book—it has not been sold since, and it is gone.





GEORGE BICKS
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of Frederick Young's conviction—(read—Convicted Feb., 1843, and confined four months)—he is the man.

FREDERICK YOUNG—



GUILTY
of Stealing.
—



Transported for Seven Years
.

ELIZA YOUNG—


NOT GUILTY
.
