



2227. 




WILLIAM WILSON



, stealing 1 table, value 3s., the goods of 



Thomas Dice; having been before convicted.






THOMAS DICE
. I am a broker, of Bedford-cottage, Clapham. On 29th Aug. I came home, and found the prisoner there—he told me he called respecting a sofa I had—I told him there was a party about to buy it—he said it was a thing he should like very much, and he asked if I had any money paid on it—I said, "I have not, and unless we have a deposit paid on it we don't consider it sold "—he saw it, and said, "Well, I should like much to have it"—I said, "You shall have it "—he said, "I can't take it now; I will give you half-a-crown deposit, and fetch it away in the evening"—the price was 3s.—I went out about half-past seven o'clock, and returned at half-past ten, and found the sofa was gone and a table also—I had not sold him the table, or authorised him to have it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You went to his lodging, and found him and the table? A. Yes; I had not been drinking—I swear positively the prisoner bought the sofa, and not the table.





ELIZABETH DICE
. I was present when the sofa was bought—there was no table bought.





ELIZABETH DICE
, the younger. About eight o'clock the prisoner came and asked if my father or mother were at home—I said, "No "—he said he came for the sofa—I told him I would not open the gate to let him out till my father came home—he said he could not wait humbugging for my father, he had got his own business to attend to—he told my little brother to open the back-gate—he took the sofa out—he said he had paid for the table, and took it.

Cross-examined. Q. He paid you 6d. for the sofa? A. Yes.





JOHN COLTMAN
 (policeman, V 296). I went to the prisoner's lodging, and found the table and the sofa—he said he had bought them.





JOHN MAY
 (policeman, V 281). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction—(read—Convicted Feb., 1846, and confined six months)—he is the man—he has been in custody since that for embezzlement.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

