






811. 




WILLIAM TAYLOR,


 JOSEPH WILLEY,



 JOHN RYAN
, and 



JOHN DONOGHUE
, were indicted for

breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Phillip Penn, on the 
23rd of Jan., at 
St. George the Martyr, Southwark, and stealing therein, 1 looking-glass and frame, value 2l. 2s.; 1 counterpane, 10s.; 3 spoons, 12s.; 4 shirts, 12s.; 3 pairs of stays, 10s.; 1 cloak, 15s.; 2 necklaces, 1l. 2s.; 5 petticoats, 5s.; 2 sheets, 16s.; 3 frocks, 8s.; 3 bed-gowns, 3s.; 3 shifts, 4s.; 1 yard of flannel, 1s.; 2 pairs of drawers, 1s.; 3 aprons, 1s.; 3 pinafores, 1s.; 6 handkerchiefs, 2s.; 1 pair of trowsers, 2s. 6d.; 3 caps, 1s.; 1 towel, 3d.; 1 waistcoat, 6d.; and 1 pair of stockings, 9d.; his goods.






WILLIAM KELLY
. I am a hatter. On Monday erening, the 23rd of Jan., I went to Mr. Penn's—he requested me to attend to the parties in his tap-room—I was at the bar, turned round, and saw Taylor going out with a keg under his arm—I took it from him, and gave it to Penn—about a quarter of an hour after I went into the tap-room, with a pot of beer, to a person named Sculley, the prisoner Willey and a man named Vickery were there—Willey called me on one side to the fire—he was in company with one of the sweeps—(Taylor and Ryan are sweeps)—I cannot say which, and a man named Vickery—he said they were going up stairs to do some business, and if I saw any thing I would not say any thing—it was spoken to frighten me, and I seemed to take no notice, being fearful of the manner the words were expressed to me—I was fearful to tell them what my determination was—I told them it was nothing to do with me what business they were going to do up stairs, and as soon as I had an opportunity I went out from the tap-room to the bar—Mr. Penn being engaged at the bar with parties, I went into the kitchen immediately, and there told the servant-girl.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Where do you carry on business as a hatter? A. Nowhere at present—I was apprentice and journeyman to Mr. Anderson, in Edward-street—I get my living by my wife's work—I have not been in the police force within these eighteen months—I resigned—I was fearful of getting dismissed—I got quarrelling and fighting—I should have had an order to quit—I had been in the force from February till August—the conversation between me and Willey took place in the tap-room—I cannot exactly say whether there were twelve persons there—I do not suppose there were fifteen—I should say about ten—there might be more or less—I did not tell any one of those ten people what Willey said to me—I was at tht Duke's Head the following morning—I did not see Willey there—I did not know of his being there—I did not see him there the following evening, nor till I saw him at Union-hall—I did not know of his being there.





PHILIP PENN
. I am a publican, and keep the Duke's Head, Mint-street, Borough, in the parish of St. George the Martyr, Southwark. On Monday, the 23rd of Jan., about seven o'clock in the evening, the servant came up to me—I saw her go up stairs—she came down, and fainted away—I went up and saw the bed-room stripped, the bed-clothes stripped off the bed, and

the window open—I came down into my own bar again—soon afterwards some boys came in—I asked a man named Vickery to come up stairs, and bring a light, which he did—I went into the bed-room, got out of the window on to the leads, and saw the looking-glass there—Vickery and I came down, and sent for a policeman—I was sent for up Harrow-street, where the things were found—as I was going up the street, Donoghue came up to me and said, "Halloa, what is the matter?" or something similar to that; "I can tell you where the things are; what will you stand?"—I do not recollect saying anything to him before that, to my knowledge—I cannot say who spoke first—I had not spoken to him before he said, "Halloa, what is the matter?"—I was running up the street—I told him I had been robbed, and he said, "I think I can tell you where the things are that were taken out of the house".—(I did not say what I had been robbed of)—I told him I would give him a glass of anything to drink if he did—we went up to the van, at the top of the street—I got up, looked into the van, and saw the things exactly in the place he said they were—I saw linen sheets and shirts there that I had just missed from the bed-room—I told the man with the van to take care of the things, and bring them back to my house—I went back with Donoghue, and he had a glass of spirits—one of the boys that came in said Donoghue was throwing the clothes up into the van, and I gave him into custody on that charge.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you known Donoghue? A. Yes, twelve months—I should say he was very fresh indeed—what I gave him did not hurt him—I will not swear what he took—it was seven o'clock or half-past—it was dark out of doors.





GRACE PENN
. I am the prosecutor's wife. I left home at a quarter-past three o'clock—I left the bed-room door and the door on the stairs locked, and my keys hanging in the bar—when I came home, about twenty minutes or half-past seven o'clock, the house was in confusion—I found the staircasedoor unlocked, not broken open, and the bed-room door unlocked too—it had not been forced—the property was all brought down into the kitchen—there was dirty and clean linen, a quantity of children's things, some ribbon, and other things in the looking-glass drawer—I believe the value altogether is 9l. or 10l.—when I left the bed-room the sash-window was fastened by a bolt in the centre frame, and a brass screw in the end—it was secured tight—there was no pane broken or cracked—when I came back the whole of a pane was nearly out—a person could get at the screw in that way—the bolt was undone, and the screw drawn out—that was the way the persons got in—the house is in the parish of St. George the Martyr.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know the parish? A. We pay rates, and that name is on all the papers—my husband, myself, three children, (the eldest nine years old,) and the servant, all live in the house—the key in the bar was exposed, but no one could reach it—the maid-servant does not come into the bar without her master tells her—I cannot say whether my husband was away from the bar—ours is a back bed-room—there is a gate half-way up the stairs—that was locked, and the bed-room too—the keys of both hung together—the other bed-room had not been disturbed—the key of that hung in the bar with the others.





SAMUEL WARD
. I am fifteen years old, and am out of work; I was in work, about twelve months ago, at Mr. Bartlett's a grocer, in Cannon-street; my mother supports me. On the 23rd of January, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner Ryan chuck the things over the railing—another man caught them, and went towards a van with them, which was at the other end of the street—Ryan was on the top of Mr. Penn's leads,

throwing white things like linen over the railing—I went and told Mr. Penn—he went up stairs—I went out—I saw nothing more—I do not know who the other man was, his hack was towards me—I left Mr. Bartlett's service because I stopped away two or three days, and he discharged me.





WILLIAM CARLTON
. I am fourteen years old, I work for my father as a bricklayer. I was standing on the opposite side of the way, and saw Ryan throw the things over the railing—I was not with Ward—I saw a man catch them, but did not see his face—I saw Ryan's face quite well by the blase of a farrier's forge—I went in and told Mr. Penn—I stood by the bar while he went up stairs—Ward came in directly after me—the two sweeps, Taylor and Ryan, came from the backyard through the passage—I knew them by sight—I am sure it was them—I did not know their names before they went out—they had nothing with them.

Taylor. Q. Where was you when I came from the backyard? A. Standing by the bar, I could not see which of you came in out of the yard first—you were together, and went out at the front-door—I remained in the house.





WALTER WILLIAMS
. I am fifteen years old, and am a pearl-worker. I saw Ryan chuck the things into the van—I have seen him before, going into Penn's house, and know him by sight—he was at the other end of the street by the van, about two minutes' walk from Penn's, not out of sight of the house—he was throwing white things, like linen, into the van—saw Do-noghue by the side of him—I knew him before, he lived opposite Penn's—I live at the bottom of the street—I went and called my father, he came out with a light, and looked in the van and found the things in it—he sent my mother up to Penn's house to tell him—there was nobody there when my father came out with a light, they had gone away—I did not see Donoghue handle any thing, nor speak to the other one—he was close to the van.

Cross-examined. Q. What time was it? A. Past seven o'clock, it was dark—Donoghue did nothing at all—I did not speak to him, he was very tipsy.

COURT. Q. Whose van was it? A. My father's—there was no horse to it—I was examined three times before the Magistrate, about the van every time—the van was standing where it usually does when it is not wanted, by our door—my father has not a horse of his own, be hires one—the van is used for moving goods.





JOHN WILLIAMS
. I am the father of last witness, I live within a few doors of Mr. Penn. My son gave me information—I went out with a light, saw the linen and things in the van—I sent my wife to tell Penn—he came to the van—I tied the things up, and carried them home for him, into a place behind the bar.





THOMAS CHURCH
. I am a policeman. At ten minutes after nine o'clock, from information I received, I went to Penn's house—I saw the prisoner Taylor with two women, standing near the back-door which leads into the yard—Taylor immediately went into the yard, leaving the women—I followed him, and found him in the water-closet—I could not see him, he being a sweep, and it being dark—I called out, "I want you"—he came out, and I took him to the station—I returned immediately afterwards to Penn's house, searched the water-closet which I took him from, and found this knife thrown down the water-closet, and on the blade of it are several pieces of putty—I can almost swear it was putty, from the state it was then in—I afterwards went up stairs into the room, and fitted the knife to some marks in the middle pane of a window, and the point of the knife corresponded exactly with the marks where the pane had been broken, by which means the robbery had been effected—the putty had been scraped out on one side, and at the bottom there was two marks on the edge of the frame—I saw marks of soot on the

bed-curtains and on the mattress—I do not know any of the prisoners—Taylor was black, like a sweep—I saw marks of white on his knees, shoulders, and arms, at the station, such as a person would have by climbing up a white wall—there were also marks of black on the inside of Penns wall, such as sweep would make by getting up—marks of a person's toes—the wall is about twelve feet high—there is a urinal in the yard, a water-closet door, and a wall above, then the leads, so that it is like a pair of stairs—he could get on the leads very easily, and on that lead the window opens.

Cross-examined. Q. Whose feet would you swear made the marks? A. I cannot swear—they appeared to be marks of toes—I do not swear they were—I almost swear the marks on the knife were marks of putty—it is a common sort of a knife—I fitted it in the wood where the putty was scraped away, and it corresponded—no doubt any common knife would produce the same mark.





AMBROSE MUGFORD
. I am a policeman. I was at the station, about half-past seven o'clock, when a boy came—I was ordered to go up to Mr. Penn's house—I went, and Penn gave Ryan into custody—I took him to the station—I was going back to the house, and saw a brother constable with Donoghne, and assisted in taking him to the station—I went to Perm's house, and brought the goods to the station in a bundle—I have seen Taylor and Ryan before—Taylor is a sweep, and is generally black—I never saw Ryan with a black face before.

Taylor's Defence. His statement was quite different at Union-hall; they convicted one another there; one of the boys said he saw Ryan throw things over the wall, and a man underneath in a brown coat caught them, and ran up to the van; one of the other boys said he saw Ryan throw them into the van himself; he did not say so at Union-hall; one swore it was a man in a brown coat, and the other said it was Ryan; I never had the knife in my possession; I had been in the house an hour and a half; I went backwards, and had not been there five minutes before the policeman came.

TAYLOR—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

RYAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.





Transported for Ten Years.


WILLEY—


NOT GUILTY
.

DONOGHUE—


NOT GUILTY
.
