



1614. 



JOSEPH WILLET
 was indicted

 for wilful and corrupt perjury.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
PHINN
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES EVANS.
 I am a boot and shoemaker, and live at Coggleshall, in Essex. I know the defendant—previous to 1844 he was a currier and leather-cutter—I have dealt with him in that business.

JOHN DEVEY HALL. I am traveler to Messrs. Hackblock, and was so previous to 1844—the partners are John and William Hackblock, John Clark, and John Meck—I had supplied the defendant with goods at the ware-house—I do not know his writing. On the 14th of June, 1844, he called at the warehouse—we had then a claim on him for goods to the amount of, I believe, 145l.—he paid me, I believe, 50l. in part of that claim that day, and gave a bill for the residue to Mr. Hammer, the clerk.





THOMAS GEORGE HAMMER.
 In June,1844, I received this bill for 103l. from the prisoner—the acceptance is in his writing—I saw him write it—I drew the bill—the signature is Mr. Hackblock's.





JOHN HACKBLOCK.
 I am a partner in the firm of Hackblock, Clark, and Meek—this affidavit is in my writing—I remember filing it at the Court of Bankruptcy on behalf of myself and partners—here is the summons—the signature to the both documents is my writing.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. Is the summons attached to the affidavit? A. Yes.





HENRY HARROW CHRISTMAS.
 In 1844 I was clerk to an attorney at Coggleshall—I remember serving a summons and affidavit in demand of debt, on Willet some time in Sept., 1844—I do not remember what day it was, it is so long ago—I endorsed on the duplicate the day on which I served it—it was the 24th of Sept., 1844—I subsequently served this summons on him—I do not remember on what day—the demand that I served was the original.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you serve them personally, or only at the office? A. Personally.

MR. PHINN.
Q. When did you serve the summons? A. On the 28th of Sept., 1844—(These documents were admitted, and taken as read)





FREDERICK WEST.
 In 1844, I was managing clerk to Mr. Thomas Lott, of Bow-lane—he was the solicitor of Messrs. Hackblocks, the petitioning creditors. On the 5th of Oct., the day fixed in the summons, I attended at the Court of Bankruptey on the return of this summons—the defendant did not attend on that occasion, nor was any application made on his behalf—I made an affidavit—(produced)—here is a copy which I made myself of the original summons, which was served on the defendant—it was signed by the Commissioner in my presence.





JAMES BENNETT TURNER.
 I am one of the ushers of the Court of Bankruptey—I produce the fiat issued against the defendant.






JAMES RIGG BROUGHAM.
 I am clerk in the office of the Lord Chancellor's Secretary of Bankruptcy. I have the petition on the fiat in Willet's case, the affidavit of debt, and the order of the Lord Chancellor appointing Sir William Horne to issue the fiat/





JOHN HACKBLOCK

re-examined. This petition and affidavit of debt made on behalf of myself and partners are both in my writing.





JAMES COOPER.
 I am a messenger of the Court of Bankruptcy. I was in the Court of the late Mr. Commissioner Williams—this adjudication is signed by Mr. Commissioner Williams—I do not know the defendant's writing—I served a duplicate of the adjudication on him on the 15th of Oct. 1844—I went down to take possession of his premises under the fiat, but found he had none—I went to what were formerly his premises, but they warned me off, and told me I was a trespasser—I did not take possession, I only seized a bundle of invoices.





ALFRED WILLIAM WALMSLEY.
 In 1844, I was clerk at the Court of Bankruptcy. I cannot say that I recollect the defendant surrendering himself to the fiat, but I produce hi surrender, which I attested—I saw him sign it while Mr. Commissioner Williams was in Court—he also signed the consent to the adjudication, and I attested it—it was gazetted forthwith.





FREDERICK WEST

re-examined. I produce the appointment of Mr. Turquand, as official assignee, signed by Mr. Commissioner Williams, and also the "London Gazette," containing the adjudication and the advertisement of the meetings—I purchased it at the Gazette Office—the first meeting is advertised for the 30th of Oct., 1844, at half-past eleven in the forenoon—the prisoner attended that meeting, at which Mr. John Hackblock and Mr. Isaac Emsworth, of the firm of Emsworht and Kebble, were appointed as the creditors' assignees—I produce the appointment, with the signatures of Messrs. Hackblock and Emsworth and the Commissioner—the meeting for the last examination was fixed for the 5th of Dec., 1844—I attended that meeting—it was before Mr. Commissioner Goulburn—the defendant attended that meeting—I have his balance-sheet—it is not signed by him, he not having passed—it was filed—I am not aware whose writing these items are—it is on the proceedings—it was filed ten days previous to the meeting—I should imagine it would be brought by the bankrupt's accountant—that is the course of proceeding—this is the balance-sheet that was used in Court at that meeting, in the defendant's presence, and to which his examination referred—I was present during his examination—this balance-sheet was referred to, and he was examined upon it—he saw it there—I heard him sworn—the oath administered to him was, "You shall true answer make to all questions put to you by the Court, you shall speak the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth"—that was a peculiar oath that was admininstered in Mr. Commissioner William's Court—I have taken it some dozens of times myself—this meeting took place in Mr. Commissioner William's Court, although it was before Mr. Commissioner Goulburn—I took down the defendant's examination in writing—after it was taken down, I read it over to him—Mr. Commissioner Goulburn was very particular—he made me stand up in Court, and read it aloud, and he put this initials to any alterations that were made—the defendant signed it—this is the statement he made.
(The examination of the defendant was here read)—"Joseph Willett, of Coggleshall, in the county of Essex, being sworn and examined, says, he denies that he has ever paid Mr. Bickmore the sums named in the account furnished by Mr. Bickmore, and I deny the statement

made in the letter of Mr. Bickmore, marked 'A,' signed by me, namely, that I did not hand over to him a sum of 92l. on the eve of the trial; and being asked the question, Do I mean to represent that I did hand over to Mr. Bickmore the sum of 92l. on the eve of my trial? I will swear I did, I gave it him in Court, when I stood at the bar, and I will swear it was 92l. I gave it him after I was convicted by the Jury of the assault; he told me to give it him, as in case I had any money about me, and I took it to prison, it would be taken away from me. I took the money into Court with me when I was tried, and had it in my pocket when I was in the dock. I brought it from home; it was the produce of goods sold by me. I owed when I came from prison debts to the amount of 300l. odd. I think I could furnish the names of the parties to whom I owed it, &c." "The money I handed over to Mr. Bickmore was in a canvass bag."

MR. PHINN.
Q. Is the signature of Mr. Commissioner Goulburn attached to that? A. It is—I have the adjudication upon that examination—some portion of its is my handwriting and some in the commissioner's—the Commissioner's signature is attached to it—it is merely adjourning the meeting until the 21st of Jan., to produce Mr. Bickmore and Mr. Smoothey, the accounts being unsatisfactory—Mr. Commissioner Holroyd adjudicated upon the 21st of Jan.—I have that adjudication, signed by him—it adjourns the bankrupt's examination sine die—(looking at the "London Gazette" produced by Mr. Watts) I find here another meeting fixed for the 4th of May, 1846—I attended that meeting—if was before Mr. Commissioner Fontblanque—the bankrupt was present, he also appeared by counsel—I produce a declaration signed by the bankrupt on that day—(this being read, was a declaration in substitution for the oath previously administered, made by the defendant to give true answers to all questions proposed to him respecting his property, and to make a full and true disclosure of all that had been done with it)—that was signed in my presence both by the defendant and the Commissioner—witnesses were than called by the bankrupt in support of his statement—a man named Wiltshire was called on that occasion, and the bankrupt himself was examined and cross-examined as to his previous statement—I did not take down in writing what he then said—there was great confusion in Court, and as the statement he made was to the same effect as his other statement, I did not think it necessary to take it down on the proceedings—he was being examined by his counsel as to the transaction, and Mr. Phinn, who then appeared on behalf of the assignees, got up and said, "Then do you still mean to swear that you did hand over the 92l. to Mr. Bickmore?" and he said he did—there was a deal of examination and talking with the bankrupt, but I am quite certain as to that part—I should not like to swear as to the other parts of his statement—I produce the adjudication of Mr. Commissioner Fontblanque upon that occasion, again adjourning the examination sine die, and ordering the bankrupt to pay the costs of the assignees—the examined copy of the record of the defendant's trail at Chelmsford, on the 17th of July, 1843, is in Court—I examined it with the original record—he was convicted of an assault.





THOMAS LOTT.
 I am a solicitor. I was solicitor for the creditor's assignees of the bankrupt—they are the prosecutors of this indictment—I was present at the bankrupt's examination, which has been read—I heard him make the statement with reference to the 92l.—(Mr. Ballantine here admitted the accuracy of the statement)—I was present on the second examination, on the 4th of May, last year—the bankrupt on that occasion produced some witnesses—Wiltshire was one of them, and a man named Johnson—the bankrupt was himself asked some questions with reference to the 92l.—that

was not taken down in writing—I have heard Mr. West state what then passed—he has truly stated the whole of it—the bankrupt's balance-sheet was produced and referred to on that occasion.

Cross-examined by
MR. RYLAND.
Q. Do you conduct this prosecution? A. I do—I first received instructions to commence these proceedings some months ago—I cannot speak positively to it—Mr. West was my managing clerk at that time, and he conducted the whole matter—I was present at both examinations, on the 5th of Dec., 1844, and the 4th of May, 1846—I believe Mr. Bickmore was present on the 5th of Dec. 1844—I cannot say that I recollect it—the matter was conducted by Mr. West—he communicated with Mr. Bickmore, and conducted the matter—I did not communicate with Mr. Bickmore personally—I do not think I ever did—my clerk has subpœnaed the witnessees here to-day—Mr. West is now in practice for himself, but he has given me his assistance still in this matter—he subpœnaed some of the witnesses.





FREDERICK WEST

re-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. I was in communication with Mr. Bickmore before the 5th of Dec., 1844—I have had occasion to write to him since—I think I have subpœnaed three of the witnesses—I have subpœnaed Wiltshire on the part of the prosecution.

MR. CLARKSON.
Q. Was Wiltshire the man who was called and examined by the bankrupt on his second examination? A. He was, in Jan., 1845; that was the day of the adjourned examination—he had been the bankrupt's servant—I have seen him in the bankrupt's shop, acting for him—both the bankrupt and Wiltshire have sworn to the fact of his being in the bankrupt's service, and that the bankrupt owed him a sum of money for wages.





THOMAS LAKE BICKMORE.
 I am a solicitor, practicing at Kelvedon, in Essex, and was so in 1843. I was employed by the defendant to defend him on an indictment for an assault—Mr. Smoothey was associated with me in the defence—previous to the trial the prisoner paid me 20l. for counsel's fees, and so on—I have here a memorandum in a book, which I made at the time—it was in two payments of 14l. and 6l., on the 18th and 19th of July, 1843—the trial took place on the 20th of July, 1843—I was in Court during the trial, and after the Jury returned their verdict—I was there at the time they returned their verdict—the prisoner was in the dock—I had no communication with him in Court after the verdict—I do not recollect that I had any communication with him whilst the Jury were deliberating—directly after the verdict was returned he beckoned to me—I stood under the dock I think—be merely called to me—there was no conversation—I think he touched me on the shoulder, or beckoned me in some way—I approached him, and he handed me over a little canvass bag—I directly put it into my pocket—I do not think I examined its contents before I put it into my pocket—I examined it as soon as I got back to the inn—that might be an hour and a half after—I then found in it twelve sovereigns—there was nothing else in it—Mr. Smoothey was in the room when I examined the contents of the bag—I cannot say whether he saw me examine the contents—I communicated the amount to him—I made a memorandum of the contents when I got home that day—I have it here—about two months after, I received this letter from the prisoner—it is his handwriting—(read)—"Springfield Gaol, Sept. 6th, 1843.—Friend Bickmore, Sir, I have one favour to ask you, will you oblige in sending me two sovereigns in few day; for when I delivered my purse left me with only few shillings. The reason I ask you this favour, my father intended to send for me with a carriage and four horses, and there

is to be twenty men to draw me in Coggleshall, for Mayhew has reported that I shall never come to Coggleshall no more. I do not like to send home for that amount. I hop to pass through Kelvedon between the hours of one and three o'clock on Saturday, the 16th of Sept. If you inclose that money, do not write that way that I have written to you, for this letter is sent out by a friend. Sir, if you think you will be at home about that time, I will call on you, friend Bickmore, and I hope you will oblige me with that little sum. Sir, you know that I wish to make Mayhew ashamed of himself. These few lines leave me middling, according to the situation I am in. I will make all things right when I come home, and long laugh at my enemies. From yours, Joseph Willett."

Q. When did you first see Willett next after the trial? A. I should think it was about two months—he was imprisoned for two months, and after the expiration of that period, I have a recollection of seeing him return home from Chelmsford—that was after I received this letter—I think that was the first time I saw him after the trial—perhaps I might have seen him once before—now I come to recollect, I think I saw him in Springfield gaol in the early part of Sept.—I do not think anything passed then as to my account against him, or as to the sum of money that he had handed over to me—I do not think I ever made any demand upon him for my bill after he came out of gaol—he made nodemand upon me for any money given me by him; none whatever, either by letter or by word of mouth—I had a very small balance due to me, taking into account the 32l.—the first I heard of the 92l. was by a communication from the official assignee in Nov., 1844, I think—I answered that—(looking at a letter)—this is the second answer I made to the official assignee—it is dated 4th Dec.—my first answer I think was on 4th Nov., about a month before—I was present on three or four occasions at the Bankruptcy court while the defendant was passing his examination—I think I was present on 5th Dec., 1844, but I am not sure, or whether I was there on 21st Jan., 1845—I was examined there twice, once in May. last year, and once in 1844 or 1845—it must have been in 1845 that I was examined the first time, I think—I do not think I was present at any time when the prisoner was being examined and when I was not examined.

Cross-examined by
MR. RYLAND.
Q. Have you any doubt that you were present on 5th Dec., 1844, the first time that Willett was examined? A. I really cannot swear that I was present that day—I will not swear I was not—I was examined there on two occasions—I heard him state on both occasions, that he had given me the 92l.—I think the first time I heard him state that was in 1844, the second time was in 1846, I think—the bag he gave me contained twelve sovereigns, and nothing else; no memorandum or note—I was not in the dock when he gave it me—I stood under it—I went into the dock afterwards, or to the back of the place where they took him to after his trial—that was after he had given me the bag—he gave me the bag over the dock, as I stood on the floor of the Court—I had made no demand of him for money on that day—I had asked him for money the day before, and the day before that—he had given me the 14l. on the first day, the 18th, and the 6l. on the 19th, according to my book—I put it down at the time—he gave me this 12l. without any request on my part, after the trial—I have no doubt I had had some conversation with him that morning, before he surrendered—I did not tell him he had better hand over to me whatever property he had, to take care of for him—nothing of the sort—he was indicted for felony—I knew that if he was convicted his property would be forfeited—I swear I did not

tell him the day before that he had better hand over to me whatever money he had, in case of his being convicted—I said nothing of the sort to him—I talked to him on the morning of the trial about the business, about the indictment, and so forth, and his defence to it—I do not recollect anything particular—I might have talked about property—I cannot recollect what I said, but I distinctly swear I said nothing to him about handing over the money to me—I did not tell him that morning, that if he was convicted his property would be forfeited—it must have been some time before, because he had been advised to make over his property, in case he was convicted—he was so advised by Mr. Smoothey and myself—the conversation I had with him on the morning of the trial was a general conversation—I cannot pin my recollection to anything about it—I do not know what it was—I swear I did not ask him for the 12l. to take care of, nor did I tell him he had better deposit with me any money that he had, in case he was convicted of the felony—I gave him no advice about depositing money with me—Wiltshire was not in the dock when the prisoner gave me the purse—I did not see him, he might have been in Court—Johnson might have been in Court—I do not recollect seeing him about that time—he was not in the dock when Willett handed the purse to me—I do not know where he was—I did not see him at that time, nor Wiltshire—they were about the Court—I examined the contents of the purse as soon as I got away from the bustle of the Court—I cannot say whether it was an hour, an hour and a half, or two hours after I received it—I had been nowhere during that time, only about the Court—I did not see after the money matters much till I got to the inn or the bank—I do not say I was about the Court for two hours, it might have been two hours—I was about there some time—I went and spoke to the defendant, where he was placed after leaving the dock.

Q. What did he give you the money for? A. I expect he gave it me to take care of for him, being about to be taken away—I distinctly swear that I had not advised him that morning to give me what he had, to take care of for him—he never applied to me to give an account of the money—his brother, John Willett, has never applied to me about it—I swear that—the first intimation I had of it was more than a year and a quarter after, from the official assignee—I might have gone to the prisoner's premises afterwards—I went and ordered goods, I believe—I think I saw his brother John and his mother—they did not both apply to me to give an account of the money that Joseph had deposited in my hands—I swear that—I had not been concerned as attorney for the family for some years—I had been concerned for his father—I do not think I had sold any property for the father—I did several things for him, and had an unsettled account with him—there are unsettled accounts still—there is a small balance also due to me from the defendant—my bill against him for the prosecution was 33l. 13s. and he paid me 32l., including the money in the purse—he owes me a balance of 1l. 13s. on that business—I had another bill against him and his brother John of, I think, 11l. 7s.—I think it was a joint affair—they carried on two or three trades—it was for professional business.

MR. CLARKSON.
Q. Were you ever present at any meeting at the Bankruptcy Court, at which the bankrupt made any statement that he had given you 92l., except the two occasions that you have mentioned when you were examined? A. No, I never heard him state it except on those two occasions—there was an adjournment from the 5th of Dec. to the 21st of Jan. to examine me—I do not recollect the bankrupt stating that I had received the

92l. from him, before I was examined—I had never heard it until I heard it from the official assignee.





FREDERICK SMOOTHEY.
 I am attorney, and live at Braintree, in Essex. I was first applied to by the defendant's brother to defend him—Mr. Knight, an ironmonger, called upon me afterwards; and in consequence of what he said, I went to Coggleshall at the time the defendant was had up before the Magistrate—it was not to assist Mr. Bickmore in the defence—he was not at home—I attended the assizes in the summer of 1843—after the trial I was at the inn where Mr. Bickmore put up—I am not sure that I saw him produce the canvas bag—I heard him counting the money—I do not know that I saw it—he told me what there was—after the defendant came out of prison I saw him at Braintree—it was some time about the Christmas of 1843—I asked him when he intended to pay my bill for his defence—(Mr. Bickmore had not attended before the Magistrate—I believe he came in late in the evening, but I attended alone—I had an account against the defendant in respect of that prosecution, and when I met him in Braintree I asked when he intended to pay my bill)—he said he would pay it sometime in the middle of Feb.—he said he did not consider that he owed Mr. Bickmore much, as he had paid him 20l. previous to the trial, and had handed him a bag containing twelve sovereigns after he was convicted.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. There were two persons indicted, were there not? A. There were—I defended them both, in conjuncttion with Mr. Bickmore—the defendant was to pay the expenses of the other party also, who was his servant—the other was acquitted—I have known Mr. Bickmore fourteen or fifteen years—I do not think that this charge of having received 90l. odd, at all affects his credit in the County—I cannot say how long it was after the trial that I got to the inn—it might be a quarter or three quarters of an hour—it is impossible for me to say, so many years ago—I do not think we went together—I think I was in the room when he came in—I cannot say how long, but, to the best of my recollection, it was about half-an-hour—we were in a private room there—there was another person there, whom I was talking to—I cannot give you his name—I believe it was a gentleman from Harwich—I was not talking to him about this transaction, but about some other business—he was not connected either with Mr. Bickmore or myself—I believe he was present when Mr. Bickmore came in—I was talking to him while Mr. Bickmore was counting the money—I have not made any inquiries about him, or endeavoured to ascertain who he is—I have never seen him since—I am not certain as to the party—I only speak to the best of my recollection—I had no curiosity to know what Mr. Bickmore was counting—he told me there was 12l. in the purse—I never asked him any question—I do not know that he called my attention to it—if he did I might have turned round to see it, he merely said that—when I met the prisoner in Braintree, it was in the street, as I was coming round the corner of Sparrow's Bank, near the railway—it was an accidental meeting—nobody was present but ourselves—he was in his cart—it was then he told me that he had handed over the bag containing twelve sovereigns to Mr. Bickmore—I had said nothing to him about it—I had not seen him from the time of his conviction—I made no reply when he said this to me—I might have said I knew it very well—I do not know whether I did or not—I recollect asking him when he would pay my costs—I might have had other conversation with him, but it was very short—I was not the first person to mention the bag, he mentioned it himself—I had seen him hand something to Mr. Bickmore in

Court, but I did not know what it was at the time—the amount of the costs he owes me is between 40l. and 50l.—there has been no question about the amount of money that he handed to me—I have never had a sixpence from him—at the time of the trial Mr. Bickmore, I think, gave me about 7l., for the payment of the Court fees or briefs, or something of that sort—that is all I have never received—I have sent in my demand, and have never been able to get it—I have not proved my debt in bankruptcy—I brought an action for it previous to his being a bankrupt, but did not proceed in it after he became a bankrupt—I have not got my bill here, or the items of which it was composed.

MR. PHINN.
Q. Had you communicated with Mr. Bickmore previous to seeing him at the inn, as to an advance of money by the prisoner for the costs? A. I had.





FREDERICK KNIGHT.
 I am an ironmonger, living at Bocking, near Braintree—I knew the defendant for several years previous to 1843—I Communicated with Mr. Smoothey as to his defence—I saw him, I think, about six or eight months after he came out of prison, either in my own shop or in his—I asked if he was not going to pay Mr. Smoothey—he said, "No," that he had paid Mr. Bickmore, I think he said. 40l. and handed over to him on the day of the trial, a bag containing 12l. or 14l., and Mr. Smoothey must get it of him—it might contain 90l.; I do not know, but that was what he said—he did not state in what coin it was.

COURT.
Q. Do you mean that he said it might contain 90l.? A. No, he did not say so.

Cross-examined by
MR. RYLAND.
Q. Then what makes you think it possible that it might contain 90l.? A. It might, I did not see it—nothing passed be-between us on the subject of 90l.; or about notes—he did not say for what purpose he had given Mr. Bickmore the bag containing the 12l. or 14l.—he did not say some of it was gold, and some notes—he said he gave Mr. Biokmore the money to keep for him to return again, that he might live rather better when he was convicted, in Chelmsford Gaol, than a common felon, and that if they had behaved better to him he would have paid Mr. Smoothey—he complained of Mr. Smoothey and Mr. Bickmore keeping him without the money, so that he was obliged to live poorly in gaol—he did not tell me that he had handed over to Mr. Bickmore all he had in the world—nothing of the sort.





FREDERICK WEST

re-examined. The entry in the balance-sheet, relating to the 92l.; is as follows:—"Amount deposited with Mr. Bickmore, of Kelvedon, solicitor, on 20th July, 1842, to be accounted for to my estate, 92l."—he credits himself with that in his general balance-sheet.

Witnesses for the Defence.






BENJAMIN WILTSHIRE.
 I am now a master-currier, at Coggleshall, in Essex—I was at one time in the defendant's employment—I remember his being tried at Chelmsford—I was present at the trial—on the morning of the trial I saw him at the Spotted Dog—he was out on bail—he showed me the money he had got in his pocket—it was in a canvass-bag, and consisted of notes and gold—I did not handle the notes, or notice the amount of any of them—he counted out 92l., notes and all—I could not tell exactly how many sovereigns there were—I should say there were more than twelve—after counting out the money, he put the money in the bag, and put it in his pocket—I think this was about ten o'clock in the morning—I believe he was waiting for the trial to be called on—he said something to me at the time he put the money into his pocket—I left him against the Spotted Dog, in company

with Mr. Bickmore, who met him there—I do not recollect how soon after that the trial began—it was no great while after—while the Jury were considering their verdict, I saw him hand over the purse to Mr. Bickmore—I am not certain whether it was before the verdict was given, or after—I think it was after—I did not notice the purse in particular when he handed it to Mr. Bickmore—I cannot say whether it appeared the same in bulk as when I had seen it previously.

MR. PHINN.
Q. How long had you lived servant with the defendant? A. About four years—before that I had been working in the trade for another man—I had failed in business—at the time the defendant counted out the money, he owed me 26l. 10s.—no, I think it was 36l. 10s.—that was it, to the best of my belief—I am wrong, I made a mistake—at the time of the trial, he paid me none—I was thinking you meant what he owed me at the time of his bankruptcy—at the time he counted out the money, he owed me 72l.—he has paid me some since his trial—I did not apply to him for payment at that time—I knew he was going to be tried—I saw each note as he counted it—I cannot say whether they were Bank of England notes, or provincial notes, or whether they were fives, tens, or twenties—there were three different number, I believe—I do not think there was a 20l. note among them—I was within two or three yards of him at the time he was counting them—we both sat at the table—I cannot say how many sovereigns there were—there were not fifty—there were more than ten—I cannot speak to there being twenty or thirty—the 72l. he owed me was for money lent.

Q. Where did you get the money to lend him; you say you had failed in business some time before? A. Some I had saved, and some I had given to me by my wife's family—part of it I had saved in his service—I cannot recollect how much—I had had about 80l. given to me, I think—that was at the time I was in his service—must I say who gave it me?—it was given to me by my wife's grandfather, whose name was Addy—I was examined at the Bankruptcy Court—(looking at the examination)—this is my signature—(the witness's examination being read, stated, "I saved 70l. as a journeyman currier, in four or five years;" but it contained no mention of the 80l. being given to him)—I did not say anything on that occasion as to the 80l. having been given to me—I said I had saved part of the 70l. as a journeyman, in four or five years—what I stated then was true enough—I cannot call to my recollection whether I stated that I had saved 70l. in four or five years—my wages, as a journeyman, were about 30s. a week—I lived out of the house—during those four or five years I paid a good deal of what I owed my creditors, little monies round about—I cannot recollect how much I paid my creditors in those four or five years—I was examined as a witness for the defendant on his trial—I do not know that I went to prove that he was not the person who committed the assault—I do not remember what I swore at the trial—since the trial I have been charged with assisting the defendant in removing his goods to get them out of the way of his creditors—I did do so—he employed me to do it—I hid a quantity of leather in a false ceiling—I saw Mr. West the day before yesterday—I told him that part of what I had stated before the Commissioner of Bankruptcy was untrue, for I had been led into it by my master unawares.

Q. Will you swear that you did not tell him that the whole of what you had stated, about seeing your master count out the 90l., was untrue? A. I believe not—I said it was false—I believe it was false that Mr. Bickmore had it through what I had heard since the last hearing—my master has told me that he did not give Mr. Bickmore 92l.—he told me he gave him 12l.

MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. Then, in point of fact, you have been in communication

with the clerk to the attorney for this prosecution? A. I was, with Mr. West—he subpœnaed me to attend here to-day—he did not serve me with it—Mr. Mayhew served me—the conversation that I had with Mr. West was at Mr. Lott's office—I went there by appointment—it was written on the subpœnaed that I was to be at Mr. Lott's office at such a time, and I went there accordingly—nothing was said about prosecution me for concealing this property, or about my saving myself from prosecution—I did not tell Mr. West what I should say in particular if I was called as a witness—he did not ask me in particular what I should say—he told me that he did not know whether they should want me or not, but he thought the others would, and it would be about the 92l.—I said I was sorry for it, I did want to say anything about it, but if I was called I should tell the truth about it—nothing else passed—I was to be at the Court at such a time, and not to be away from my time—he said he thought they should not want me, but the other side probably would, about the 92l.—I do not recollect that he said anything more.





EDWARD JOHNSON.
 I am a shoemaker, living at Coggleshall—I know the defendant, and was present at his trial, at Chelmsford, in July, 1843—I saw him give Mr. Bickmore a canvas-bag, or purse—I believe it was after the Jury had given their verdict—it appeared to contain something—I should not like to form an opinion as to how many sovereigns it might contain—Wiltshire was there at the time—I saw the defendant and Mr. Bickmore talking together at the time the bag was given—I did not hear what they said.
Mr. PHINN.
Q. How far were you from me and the dock? A. Something like a yard, I think—there was nobody between me and the dock—I should say that some conversation passed, from the position they stood in; but I did not hear anything not to understand what was said—Mr. Bickmore stood below the duck, and Willett in the dock, and he leant over and had some conversation with Mr. Bickmore, I suppose; I did no hear what was said—I am no enemy of Willett's—I am a friend of his, as far as knowing him all my life.





JOHN WILLET.
 I am the brother of the defendant, and am an ironmonger, living at Coggleshall. On the 16th of Sept., 1843, while my brother was in prisoner, I went to Mr. Bickmore's office—that was by my brother's orders—I saw Mr. Bickmore, and told him that I was going to Chelmsford after my brother—Mr. Bickmore asked me what time we should return from Chelmsford—I said between one and two o'clock—Mr. Bickmore said he should not be at home between one and two o'clock, but between five and six o'clock he should be at home—he told me that he had received a large sum of money of my brother, and he said, "Do you tell your brother to cell, then I will settle with him of the monies"—I had not said anything to him about what he had received—on returning from Chelmsford, I called at Mr. Bickmore's between five and six o'clock—I saw a servant up at the chamber-window, and inqured if Mr. Bickmore was at home—I did not see him or hear him—about the Nov. or Dec. following, I saw him at my father's shop—he said, "I understand your father intends to have his business settled, and I should like to settle it"—I asked him if he had brought my father's account, and my brother's account, and the account of the money he had received—he said that he and my brother would not fall out, they would make it all right one day—I asked him whether it was 92l., or whether it was more or less—he said, "Your brother and I shall not fall out, but will make it all right one day"—I said nothing on that—I thought he would settle—about March, 1844, I saw him again at my shop—my mother was present—Mr. Bickmore selected some goods—my mother asked him for her husband's account, and

my brother's account, and the account of the money that he had received—he said he should see my brother, and make it all right one day—he wanted to purchased a stove—he looked one out, but we did not send it—we did not say anything to him about it.

MR. PHINN.
Q. Is your ironmongery business carried on under the same roof as your brother's curriery business was? A. Yes; it was carried on separately—I was not accused of helping to remove hi goods, to conceal them from the assignees—I did not assist my brother, or Wiltshire, to conceal his goods from the assignees—I was examined privately at the Bankruptcy-court; but not regarding the 92l., or my interview with Mr. Bickmore—my brother never brought me to the Bankruptcy-court when he was examined about the 92l.—I believe I was present once when my brother was examined; but I was not examined—I heard Mr. Bickmore there state that no application had been made to him for the money by my brother—my brother did not then ask me to be a witness for him—that was in the year 1843—it was in the autumn, I think—I was not there when Mr. Duncan was my brother's counsel, nor when my brother was examined about the 92l. on a previous occasion—I was there in Nov. or Dec., I think—he was then examined about the 92l.—I think Mr. Bickmore was examined the same day—I was not examined as a witness then—when I saw Mr. Bickmore, while my brother was in goal, I commenced the conversation by telling him I was going to Chelmsford after my brother—I did not ask him anything about money, before he spoke about money to me—he told me had received a large sum of money from my brother, and when my brother returned, he would see and settle with him—he did not say what the sum of money was—I did not ask him to give my brother some money to help him to come out of prison—I called on him again in the evening with my brother, but did not see him—I think I next saw him in Nov.; that was before my brother became bankrupt—I think it was in 1843; the same year in which he went to prison—I then had the conversation with him that I have stated—Mr. Payne was my brother's attorney in the bankruptcy—I saw him in Court about the time the discussion was going on as to the 92l.—I did not sate to him the conversation I had had with Mr. Bickmore—I never had any conversation with Mr. Payne—I told my brother about it when he came home—I don't know that I said anything particular about it to any one but my brother.





MARY WILLET.
 I am a widow, and am the mother of the defendant and of last witness; In March, 1844, my husband was living—but my son John carried on the business as an ironmonger, at Coggleshall—I know Mr. Bickmore—about March, 1844, he came to our shop for some goods—he locked some out, and I think he had them—my son John was there—Mr. Bickmore asked me if Joseph was at home—I said "No;" and I asked him for my husband's account, my son Joseph's account, and the account of the money he had received; and I asked him, was it 90l. or 92l., or what was it—he said, "Your son Joseph and I shall not fall out, but we shall make it right one day"—that was all the answer he gave—I said nothing more to him.
Mr. PHINN.
Q. I believe you were examined at the Court of Bnkruptcy. A. Yes—I don't recollect the Commissioner threatening to commit me for not answering properly—I was not present on either occasion when my son was examined about the 92l.—I knew on both occasion that he was going to London to be examined about it; but I did not come forward.




GUILTY.—



Confined One Month, and then 



Transported for Seven Years




Before Mr. Justice Maule.

