





694. 




DAVID DONNEY
 was again indicted

for stealing 3 shirts, value 6s.; 2 petticoats, 3s.; 3 pairs of stockings, 2s.; 2 towels, 1s.; 1 sheet, 2s.; 1 shift, 2s.; 1 table-cover, 6d.; and 1 apron, 6d.; the goods of 



James Britt:


5 pairs of stockings, 3s., the goods of 



Catherine Fair:


and 2 towels, 2s., the goods of 



Ann Fair; and that he had been before convicted of felony.





MARY ANN BRITT
. I am the wife of James Britt. We did live at No. 45, Crescent-street, Euston-square. The prisoner was lodging there at the time—on the 4th of Jan., while I was living there, and the prisoner also, I missed some shirts and other things—some of them have been found—the prisoner is married.

Prisoner. Q. Were there not other people in the house? A. Yes.





WILLIAM THOMAS WHEELER
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce some of these things, which I took in of the prisoner, I believe, but I cannot swear to him—this is the duplicate I gave.





THOMAS HINDS
 (police-constable E 83.) I produce a duplicate of these things, which I found at the prisoner's lodging, and on the Monday evening I found these other things—I found 103 duplicates at his place.





CATHERINE FAIR
. I lodged at No. 45, Crescent-street. I missed five pairs of stockings and two towels, of my mother's—her name is Ann Fair, a pair of stockings of my own were found at the prisoner's lodging—these are part of them.

Prisoner. Q. Did not a young man come with me? A. Yes—I did not suspect you at the time.





WILLIAM THOMAS WHEELER

re-examined. I produce one pair of stockings which were pawned—they are in the same duplicate—I believe the prisoner pawned them—it was a very cold morning, and he appeared in much distress, so I was induced to take them in.





THOMAS HINDS

re-examined. These things are in the same duplicate that I found at the prisoner's lodging.

Prisoner. I deny these things; Reevely used to come to me in the house; he has absconded; the police cannot find him; he has been in the habit of pawning at that shop, I know.





JOHN SIMS HANCOCK
. I produce the certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 15.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

