



1550. 




JAMES DIXON



, stealing 2 shillings, 2 pence, and 4 halfpence, the moneys of 



Henry Kennedy, from his person.


MESSRS. RYLAND
and
LAURIE
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY KENNEDY
. I am a shoemaker. On 15th July, I went to Harrow-alley, where there is a market for old clothes, to purchase a waistcoat—I found one, and tried it on—I pulled off my coat and had it on ray arm—I had a pocket in my coat, and 2s. 4d. in it—the prisoner came behind me—I was putting on my coat and felt it draw—I turned, and saw the prisoner with his hand in the pocket—I put the coat on, and went on—the prisoner followed me and put his hand into the pocket again—my coat was then open—I buttoned it—he then walked in front of me, and then walked back again—I walked to another part, and he put his hand into my pocket again—I then found I had lost 2s. 4d.—I turned back and saw the prisoner on the other side—I gave him in charge of a policeman—he struggled very much,

and held out his hand amongst the crowd—the person he was handing the money to did not get it, and he dropped two shillings; I picked them up and gave them to the policeman.

Prisoner. I was going to buy a hat, and there was a row; he says I made three attempts, why did you not give me in charge at first? did you lose your money in the crowd? Witness. There was a crowd—I picked up the two shillings—you made the row yourself.





WILLIAM FINN
 (City-policeman, 41). I was on duty there on 15th July. There was a crowd, as there generally is—there were 700 or 800 people—the prosecutor gave the prisoner into my charge—I laid hold of him, he struggled very violently—he held out his hand, and two shillings dropped on the pavement—I had no sooner laid hold of him than I was knocked down on the ground—the prosecutor picked up the two shillings—two or three other officers came to my assistance—I had got the prisoner by the collar, and he called to a person named Harry to get his knife and cut his handkerchief—that was done—I then got him by the skirts of his coat—the skirts of his coat were cut off, and he got away—I called, "Stop thief!" and he was taken—the mob kept me down till he was brought back.

Prisoner. Did I not say," I will go without your dragging me," and you said you would drag the more? Witness. I did not say so.





SAMUEL SPECK
 (City-policeman, 35). I was there, and heard a cry of "Stop thief!"—I saw the people opening, and the prisoner running as fast as he could—he had neither hat, handkerchief, nor coat on—I took him, and he stooped down and bit my thigh—another officer came up and took him away—during the whole time I have been an officer I never experienced such violent conduct.

Prisoner's Defence. I did not bite you; I saw a row, and a young fellow was taken in charge; the prosecutor went to the officer and said he would give me in charge for taking two shillings out of his pocket; I said, "You must be a false man;" the officer began to pull me about, and the two shillings fell out of my pocket; I said, "I won't go without that money;" when he got the two shillings to the station he marked them; it was my own money. 


GUILTY
.* Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.

