




61. 




JOHN ANDERSON
 and 




EDWARD SULLIVAN
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 breast-pin, value 4s. 6d.; the goods of 



Joseph Parry, from his person.


MESSRS. RYLAND
and
LAURIE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH PARRY
. I am a builder, and live at No. 24, Houghton-street, Newcastle-street, Strand. On Monday, the 16th of Nov., about one o'clock in the morning, I was passing up Holborn-hill on the north side—I was returning from a friend's house in Crispin-street, which I had left about half-past twelve o'clock—I crossed New Farringdon-street, and observed two females, as I thought, before me—I passed them, and one of them said, "My dear, where are you going to?"—they were the two prisoners—I turned round instantly, and said "Going home"—they then left one another and one came on the other side of me, and one remained on the side he was—they begged me to go somewhere to give them something to drink—I cannot recollect the words they used—I did not stop—I said I would not as I was going home—I proceeded onwards—when we got to the corner of Field-lane one of them, (I do not know which,) said, "We both reside here; will you go to our own home, and give us something to drink there"—I said no, I was going home, I would have nothing to do with them, still walking up Holborn-hill—when about half way up Holborn-hill, opposite Shoe-lane, the tallest prisoner, Anderson, put his hand on my coat collar, and begged if I would not go anywhere to treat them, that I would give them something to treat themselves—I declined to do so—I had a great coat and a shawl on my neck, and a pin in it, which I saw as I passed the lamp—I was buttoned up tight, and it was projecting forward—I have no doubt this is the pin (looking at it) that was in my shawl—I could not positively swear to it as I have got no private mark on it—when I said I would have nothing to do with them, and I would give them nothing, both the prisoners left me—they crossed the road to go down Shoe-lane—I looked down and missed my pin instantly—there was a policeman within two or three yards—I have heard his name is Whitmarsh—I said to him, "Did you observe those two women talking to me"—he said, "I did"—I said, "They have stolen the pin out of my breast"—he did not follow the prisoners—he called to two policeman on the opposite side and said, "This gentleman has been robbed of his pin"—the prisoners were followed—I crossed and went up Shoe-lane, but no further than the end of the church wall—I met the two policemen returning back with the prisoners, and they

took them to the station—I am quite certain I had the pin safe shortly before I met the prisoners—I had not spoken to a soul after I saw the pin safe before I met the prisoners—I was perfectly sober.

Anderson. You asked me to go home with you, and offered me 3s.? Witness. I never made such a proposition I solemnly declare.





WILLIAM GEORGE WHITMARSH
. I was one of the City police, but I have since left the force—I was on duty on Holborn-hill on Monday morning, the 16th of Nov.—I there saw Mr. Parry and the two prisoners in conversation underneath the lamp-post—they were at the time standing still—the prisoners were dressed as females—Anderson was next to the prosecutor, and Sullivan was about two feet behind, near the corner of Union-court, facing St. Andrew's church—I saw Anderson's hand on the collar of the prosecutor's coat, in the act, as I thought, of whispering to him at the time—I ordered them to move on—I then had occasion to go up a court to see that all was right—when I returned I saw the prosecutor—he said, "Did you see those women? "I said I did—he said, "They have robbed me of my pin"—I gave information to Templeman—he and another policeman pursued them up Shoe-lane—I proceeded a short distance up Shoe-lane with the prosecutor, and met the prisoners in custody being brought back—they were the persons I had seen with the prosecutor on Holborn-hill—the prosecutor was perfectly sober—I believe I have seen Anderson before in female attire, but I could not swear it.

Anderson. You never saw me before. Witness. I have seen you before, but where I cannot say.





WILLIAM MERLE TEMPLEMAN
 (City police-constable, No. 253.) I was on duty on Monday morning, the 16th of Nov., in Field-lane, Holborn—Bullen, another constable, was with me—it was about one o'clock or a little after—I saw the prosecutor, and the two prisoners, who were dressed in female attire—we watched them for a time—they made a stop at the corner of Plough-court—the moment we came out of Field-lane they moved further up the hill, in company with Mr. Parry—when they got a few yards up, Sullivan made a stop with his back to the shutters—Anderson and the prosecutor proceeded on a few doors higher up the hill, about twelve or fourteen yards—Sullivan then moved on and joined them—they were in company then for about a minute—I saw the prisoners suddenly leave Mr. Parry, cross the road, and go up Shoe-lane—Whit-marsh said something to me, and I went up Shoe-lane and pursued the prisoners—Bullen was with me—we overtook the prisoners just before we got to Stonecutter-street, which is about 200 yards up Shoe-lane—they were making a stop against the dead wall of the market—we took them to the station—Anderson gave the name of Emma Anderson, and Sullivan the name of Jane Wilson—they were there discovered not to be women—they were searched by the female searcher—here are the clothes in which Sullivan was dressed—here is a pair of stays, a piece of black velvet which he wore round his neck, and some wadding which formed the breasts—this is a white veil, and this is the remains of a bonnet—he destroyed it after he was locked up—it was found partly in the water-closet—here is some false hair—this is all we could possibly bring of that, as it was in such a mess—here is the body of the gown that Sullivan had on—I have one silk stocking—another stocking was discovered, but it was in such a mess it could not be brought—here is a small comb which attached the false hair on—this other bonnet was on Anderson—this is a cloak which Anderson wore—here is a fur boa which was taken from Sullivan—these things of Sullivan's appeared clean when we took them—they are now in a totally different state—these clothes, worn by Anderson, are in the same state that they were—they were not thrown down the water-closet—this

is a white petticoat that was taken from Anderson—they were dressed entirely as women—they had nothing at all that belonged to man's apparel about them.

Sullivan. I had my shirt and trowsers on. Witness. He had a man's shirt on after he was stripped, but it was quite disguised—no one could see it—there were trowsers, not worn, but put round them to form a bustle—the prisoners were handed over to the female searcher—she passed Anderson as a woman—Sullivan
was then brought in, and he had not been in long before the female-searcher called out, "Templeman, come in"—I went in—he had everything on as a woman—the female-searcher told me in his presence that he was a man—he turned round and said, "I am as good a man as you are"—they were taken back to the bar—I searched them, and found they were men—they each wore a napkin so placed as to conceal their sex, and by that means the female-searcher passed one of them—I found every article of female apparel on them, except a man's shirt on one of them—the other I believe had a chemise.





THOMAS BULLEN
 (City police-constable, No. 273.) I was on duty with Templeman on the morning of the 16th of Nov., about ten minutes after one o'clock—we came to the top of Field-lane, and saw the prosecutor at the end of Field-lane, and the two prisoners standing on each side of him, alongside of Plough-court, about twelve yards from Field-lane—they walked a distance along the foot-way with Mr. Parry—I then saw Sullivan step back and put his back to the shutters—he remained there about a minute, when he followed and came up quite close to Anderson and Mr. Parry—they stopped there about a minute—they then left Mr. Parry, and walked quickly across the street, and went up Shoe-lane immediately—Mr. Whitmarsh called me—he gave me and Templeman directions—in consequence of which we pursued the prisoners up Shoe-lane—Baker joined us in Shoe-lane—we overtook the prisoners just by the market, near Stonecutter-street—I and Baker, and Templeman, took them—when I arrested Sullivan he went off the foot-pavement on to the street, and said, "You b—r, I will not go with you!"—he made two or three attempts to strike me, but I held him off—Templeman came to my assistance—we brought both the prisoners to the station—as we were coming back along Shoe-lane, we met the prosecutor and Whitmarsh coming up against us—the prosecutor saw the prisoners, and charged them as being the persons who robbed him—we took them to the station in Smithfield—I saw this cloak and this bonnet on Anderson.

COURT. Q. You saw Anderson in these clothes, and after he came out of them? A. I did—he is the same person.

JOHN Baker (City police-constable. No. 255.) I was on duty in Shoe-lane on Monday, the 16th of Nov., about twenty minutes past one o'clock—I saw the prisoners—they were coming up from Holborn, rather fast, laughing and talking—I stood at the end of Plumtree-court while they passed on—one of them said, "What fools we were to be waiting about so long; it was d—d bad stuff, it was not worth waiting for"—they were then walking along Shoe-lane, as I was standing at the end of Plumtree-court, which is about 100 yards up Shoe-lane, between the church and Stonecutter-street, which is about 100 yards further on—I went on towards Holborn, and met the two other constables—I returned with them after the two prisoners—I passed both the other constables, and took hold of Anderson—I said, "You must go to the station with me"—he said, "What for, we have not done anything?"—I said, "Come to the station, and I will tell you"—he came on very quietly—the other officers took Sullivan—we took the prisoners about twenty-five yards from Stonecutter-street, on the Holborn side—there is a

urinal about two yards from where I took Anderson—he was dressed in a cloak and bonnet—both the prisoners were dressed in female attire—Sullivan had this red plaid-shawl on, and this other shawl on the top of it—I recollect that this is the body of the frock that Sullivan had on, and he had this green bonnet—it was not in the state it is now, it looked clean and tidy.





JAMES SEYMOUR
. I am one of the City toll-collectors, at the corner of Stonecutter-street and Shoe-lane—I was there about ten minutes or a quarter past four o'clock in the afternoon on Monday the 16th of Nov.—there is a place which is used for public accommodation—I went near there and found a pin—I believe this is it—(looking at one)—I told the policeman on duty that I had found a pin, and the owner could have it by giving a description of it—I afterwards went to the station, and saw Epps, the policeman—I had kept the pin till then, and I gave it to him—I have no doubt that this is the pin—I found it about ten yards from Stonecutter-street.





JOSEPH PARRY

re-examined. Q. How far up Shoe-lane did you go from Holborn? A. Not above 120 yards—I did not go within fifty yards of Stonecutter-street.





REED EPPS
 (City police-constable, No. 45.) I was on duty at Smithfieldstation on Monday evening the 16th of Nov.—Seymour came there in the evening, and delivered this pin to me—this is it.





GEORGE HAMS
 (City police-constable, No. 275.) I saw the prisoner Anderson on Monday evening, the 16th of Nov., at the station, and I had seen him three times before of an evening in female attire, within three weeks of the 16th of Nov.—he was dressed perfectly like a woman, going about under the windows—I supposed it was a woman going about to cut windows, by "starring the glaze"—the first time I saw him to take notice of him, was the last week in Oct.—I was coming down from St. Martin's-le-Grand, and met him, and when I went up again I saw him at the top of Newgate-street, on the righthand side, at the end of Cheapside—he was under my notice about ten minutes—once when I met him I made a stand, and he turned and looked into a window—I looked at him right in the face—I saw the prisoners at the policestation in female attire—I cannot say that Anderson was dressed in the same attire that I had seen him in—it was a dark bonnet and dark cloak—there was a general resemblance in the things—I am quite sure Anderson was the person I saw before.

Anderson's Defence. I deny the charge entirely; they were my sister's things which we both had on; there was no one at home, and we came out for a lark; I never touched the pin; we came out for the fun of the thing.

ANDERSON†—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

SULLIVAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.





Transported for Fifteen Years.

