



1491. 




FREDERICK HAYKES
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 gown, value 12s.; 1 shawl, 3s.; and 1 skirt, 6d.; the goods of 



James Burns; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






HELEN BURNS
. I am the wife of James Burns, and live in Wallis-alley, Southwark. I went to bed drunk on the 22nd of June—I awoke between five and six o'clock in the afternoon—my gown, shawl, and skirt were gone—these now produced are them.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did your husband sleep with you? A. No, he went into the country the same morning—I did not sleep with my door open, but I had not locked it—I am quite sure there was no one in the room but myself.





MATILDA THOMPSON
. I live in the same house as Mrs. Burns. On the 22nd of June she was not quite drunk—I recollect her lying down and going to sleep—I afterwards saw the prisoner tying up a bundle by the table in Mrs. Burns' room—I saw him there when Mr. Newlyn came with a tract—I am sure the prisoner is the person who was making up the bundle, while Mrs. Burns was asleep.


Cross-examined by
MR. EDWARDS. Q. Where were you standing? A. At my own room door, the front room—Mrs. Burns' room is the back room—I did not speak to the prisoner—I am going on for eleven years of age—I am speaking the truth—I have a father and mother living—I go to a Sundayschool—I know what an oath is.





EDWARD NEWLYN
. I go with mission tracts. I went to Mrs. Burns's bed-room door—I knocked, and the prisoner came to the door—I am sure he is the man—I did not go into the room.

Cross-examined. Q. Who employs you? A. The London City Mission—I am agent of that Society, and I had' some conversation with the prisoner—this was on the 22nd of June, between four and five o'clock—I am sure that was about the time.





JAMES BERRY
 (police-constable M 111.) I heard a noise, and went and found this property tied up in a bundle in a wagon, within sixty or seventy yards of the prosecutor's house—it was tied up in this shawl.





MATILDA THOMPSON
. This is what the things were tied up in.





GEORGE WILD
 (police-constable M 94.) I produce a certificate prisoner's former conviction at Newington—(read—Convicted 26th May, 1845, and confined six months)—the prisoner is the person—he has been since summarily convicted, and confined three months.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.


ADJOURNED TO MONDAY, THE 17TH OF AUGUST.
