




811. 



CHARLES SHEFFIELD
 and 


SARAH RICHARDS were indicted 

for stealing, on the 
24th of January, 1141bs. weight of white lead, value 2l.; 20 printed books, value 1l. 10s.; and 1 box, value 6d. the goods of 




Henry Pickford.






HENRY PICKFORD
. I am an appraiser, and live in East-road, City-road—I sent my goods with a horse and cart on the 24th of January—I left the cart under charge of George Moore—there were twenty books and this white lead in it—they were taken off the van by somebody.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Whose were these? A. They were forfeited under a distress—I was the broker—the van stood in the street all night—it was half-past eleven o'clock at night when they came from

Belle Sauvage-yard, Ludgate-hill—there were nearly two tons weight of goods.





GEORGE MOORE
. I live in Whitecross-street, St. Luke's—I am ware-houseman to Mr. Phillips, an auctioneer—I came with this van—I was hired to watch it—at twenty minutes before twelve o'clock I saw the prisoners and two others walking backwards and forwards on the other side of the way—I had to go round to the corner to give a message to my master—I then missed the prisoners—I walked round, and saw Sheffield and another man—Sheffield had got the box off the van—I caught Sheffield, and said, "Halloo, what are you at?"—no reply was made—Richards came and said, "What are you about?"—I let go my hold, as she came and struck at me—I then went to get Sheffield—I came in contact with her again, and detained her—I had seen her with him before—it was twenty minutes from the time of my seeing them together and taking them.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen him before that day? A. No—the van was about ten or twelve yards from where I went to deliver the message—I am positive Sheffield is the man—I described him to the policeman.





JAMES BRANNAN
. I am a policeman. I went after Sheffield, and met him about seven o'clock in the evening—I said, "Charley, I want you"—he said, "What for?"—I said, "For stealing a box from a van in Chiswell-street"—he said, "So help me G—, I was not there, and you shall not take me, you b Greek"—there was a desperate struggle—I got him to Long-lane—he seized my watch-guard, drew my watch out, and broke my guard, and threw it into the road—he struck me and kicked me repeatedly.
SHEFFIELD* †—

GUILTY.-

Transported for Seven Years.
RICHARDS-

NOT GUILTY.
