



747. 




THOMAS STERN



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Hannah Solomons, and stealing 2 gowns, 1 time-piece, 2 salt-cellars, and 1 pair of stockings, value 6l.; I half-crown, and other moneys; her property. 


MR. MELLER


conducted the Prosecution.






HANNAH SOLOMONS
. I am a widow, and live at 5, Blacksmiths'-arms-place, St. George's. On 10th Feb. I left the house locked up, between six and seven o'clock, and was away about an hour with my grandson—I came back and found a great many people round the door—a large bag had been brought to the house, and a time-piece, some salt-cellars, stockings, and other things put into it—these are them (produced)—they are mine—I had not given the stockings to the prisoner's wife to wash; they are new—I am sure I left them in the house.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you accuse the people next door of the robbery? A. No.





BENJAMIN SOLOMONS
. I live with my grandmother. I was out with her; she sent me on with the key—I could not open the door—I took it out, and the prisoner and another man opened the door and rushed out—there was a gaslight—I am sure of him—I only saw his back—this knife (produced) lay on the table.





ANN KING
. I live at 3, Blacksmiths'-arms-place. On this Saturday night, between eight and nine o'clock, I saw the prisoner's wife watching Mrs. Solomons' house—in a few minutes two men came out, one with a blue bundle under his arm—Mrs. Stern ran after him, and they went into Backchurch-lane talking—one of the men was dressed similar to the prisoner.





ROBERT GIFFORD
 (policeman, H 89). On 12th Feb. I searched the prisoner's house, and found these salt-cellars in a cupboard, and these stockings

between the bed and sacking—there was a knock at the door, I opened it and let the prisoner in—he said, "What is the matter?"—his wife said, "I am accused of robbing Mrs. Solomons' house on Saturday night"—the prisoner said, "Those are mine, I had them when I was married"—I found eighteen keys and six skeleton ones, some on the top of a cupboard, and some secreted in a hole in the cellar; three of the skeleton ones open Mrs. Solomons' front-door.

Prisoner's Defence. I have had the salt-cellars ever since I have been married; the stockings were clean and mangled when he took them; my wife has had things of Mrs. Solomons' for a week together.




GUILTY
.* Aged 42.—


Transported for Ten Years.

