





694. 




MARY SMITH
 and 




SAMUEL HURLEY
 were again indicted for

 stealing 1 coat, value 30s.; the goods of 



Edward Laurence; and 





STEPHEN HURLEY



 for feloniously receiving the same: Smith having been before convicted.






HENRY SHIPMAN
. I am foreman to Edward Laurence, who keeps a clothes shop in Adam's-row, Hampstead-road. On 4th Jan., about seven o'clock in the evening, Smith and Samuel Hurley came to the shop—Hurley tried on some coats, and agreed to purchase one for 2l. 12s. 6d.—he left halfa-crown deposit—his mother was to call for it the following day—neither of them came again—she had asked for a bill of the shop, that she might not make a mistake—a policeman afterwards came, and I missed this black frock coat (produced)—it is not one of those he tried on—it is Edward Laurence's property.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. You have a great many coats? A. Yes—I had not received a good many between 4th and 21st—I sold shooting coats, but no black coats—I know this by the holes, and the buttons—we have only one more like it—we only keep two of this sort and size—the policeman did not bring it—it was at a pawnbroker's—it had been in the house seven months, but was an unsaleable size—the duplicate is dated 5th Jan.—I know it was in the stock at the latter end of Dec.—I have not got the coat that was put on one side—it was sold this week—I shall return the half-crown—I do not know how the coat left the shop.





JAMES BRENNAN
 (policeman.) On 15th Jan. I was with Dobar, and took Stephen Hurley in North-street, New Cut—in going along, I saw what I thought was part of a duplicate in his mouth—I caught him by the neck, and endeavoured to get it—he tried to get another into his mouth, and I took it from his hand—I held him—Dobar searched him, and took four duplicates from his trowser's pocket—one of them relates to the coat sworn to by Shipman—it was pledged at Cattell's, on 5th Jan., for 15s.—I also took Samuel Hurley.





JOHN DOBAR
 (policeman.) I was with Brennan, and took four duplicates from Stephen Hurley's trowsers' pocket. I took Smith in High-street, Clerkenwell—she was charged with stealing two handkerchiefs and other things.





WILLIAM CATTELL
. I am a pawnbroker, at the Borough-road. This coat was pledged with me on 5th Jan., to the best of my belief by Stephen Hurley—I gave a ticket—this is the counterpart of it.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you have hundreds of persons every day? A. Yes—I saw Stephen eighteen or nineteen days afterwards—when I was applied to, I recollected taking the coat of a man of that description, I then went to the station, and pointed out Stephen—to the best of my belief, he is the man.





ANN IRONS
. I am the wife of Thomas Irons, of Norfolk-street, Lambeth.

The prisoners have lived there since the spring—the elder prisoners passed as man and wife, and Samuel as Smith's son, by a former husband.





WILLIAM GUEST
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of Smith's former conviction—(read—Convicted July, 1841, and confined fourteen days, solitary)—she is the person.

SMITH **—


GUILTY
. Aged 43.

SAMUEL HURLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.





Transported for Seven Years.


STEPHEN HURLEY**—


GUILTY
. Aged 50.—



Confined Twelve Months.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoners.)
