



2121. 




CHARLES PRICE
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Frederick Hawker, on the 
19th of April, at 
St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, and stealing therein, 1 cloak, value 2l.; and 2 coats, 2l.; his property; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WALTER CREED
. I am a sergeant in the Tower Hamlet Militia, and live in Preston-terrace, King-street, Bethnal-green. On the 19th of April I was on duty as ordinary, at the house of Captain Henry Frederick Hawker, in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green—I brushed two coats, a cloak, and wrapper, and put them in the orderly room, on the ground floor—I left the door of that room shut, and the window open about two inches—there was a wire blind to the window, fastened with two bolts and two pins at the bottom—it came up within two or three inches of the top pane of the bottom sash—I left the garden-gate closed—these are Captain Hawker's coats and cloak, and the same I put into his room after brushing them.





ELIZABETH RAMSAY
. I am in the prosecutor's service. At half-past one o'clock, on the 19th of April, I heard a ring at the bell—I went, and found some persons at the door—one person gave me information, in consequence of which I went to the orderly room, and missed these coats and cloak—the window was thrown up as far as it would go—the wire blind was lying on the floor, by the window.





MARY MALONY
. I live in High-street, Bow, and work for Miss Carter, in Bethnal-green. Her house is next to Captain Hawker's—at twenty-five minutes past one o'clock on this day I was in the laundry—I could see from the window the little garden in front of Captain Hawker's house—I saw the prisoner go up to the house twice, and the third time come out with a bundle in his hand—two other persons were standing by—he gave the bundle to one of them—I could not see what was in it, but the outside was red—the one that took the bundle went to the left, and the prisoner to the right—I ran out, and cried "Stop thief"—the prisoner turned and ran, and cried "Stop thief"—I followed them, and they threw the bundle into the mad-house garden—the men were brought to me afterwards—I am quite sure of the prisoner—I did not recognise him then, because I did not wish to have any thug to do with it.

Prisoner. Q. What dress had I on? A. A brown coat, a very bad hat, a blue handkerchief with a white spot; and when you were brought back your had on a Scotch cap.





HENRY GARDNER
. I am a chimney-sweeper. On the afternoon in question

I was going down the road to Twigg Folly, and heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I saw Malony running without shoes—the prisoner was pasting by me running at the same time—he ran up to the other men—I ran after him, but he got away—I am sure he was the man.

Prisoner. Q. What do you recognise me by? A. By your coat and your countenance—you were away two or three hours before I saw you at the station—I never was convicted myself—the most confinement I ever had was one month.





GEORGE MORRIS
. I am a chimney-sweeper. On the 19th of April I was standing at the corner of Dog-row, about twenty-two minutes to two o'clock—the prisoner and two more men ran past me—I am sure the prisoner was one of them—Malony was running after them.





CHARLES DUNNETT
. I am a bricklayer. At half-past one o'clock, on the 19th, I was going along the road towards the New Church at Bethnal-green, and saw a man with a bundle—he put it over a fence and ran away—I went to the place, and picked up a bundle containing these things.

Prisoner. Q. Did you recognise me? A. No.





EMMA HARBEN
. I live in Coventry-street, Bethnal-green. About half-past two o'clock, on the 19th, I was looking through the window—I saw a mob go down the street, and a person who is not here, throw something down into my father's garden—I saw a boy pick it up again.





THOMAS BARTLETT
 (police-constable K 286.) On Wednesday, the 19th of April, from information that I received I went after the prisoner, and took him into custody—I said there had been a robbery committed at Bethnal-green, and asked him whether he had any objection to go back with me—I took him, showed him to Malony, and asked her whether he was the man—she said, "No," and appeared much agitated and confused—in consequence of that, I took him and another back to the house the second time—after looking at them, Malony said, "I don't want to have anything to do with it"—I then took them to the station—the prisoner was detained, charged with the robbery, and made his escape from there.





EDWARD WANDERER TOWNSON
 (police-sergeant K 8.) On this afternoon I went to the prosecutor's house—I found the prisoner and another man—the prisoner had a cap on, and the other man a hat—Malony was standing in the passage, at her mistress's, next door to the prosecutor's—some persons said that was not the man, for they both had hats on—Bartlett took the cap from the prisoner's head and put a hat on—Malony then said she did not want to have anything to do with it.





PATRICK FINNIGAN
 (police-sergeant K 21.) I retook the prisoner after he made his escape—he said, "You don't blame me for getting away?" and he then said he was innocent.

Prisoner's Defence. Malony said I was not the man; I am innocent of the charge.





JAMES FRUIN
 (City police-constable, No. 415.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's offfice—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.—(See Eighth Sessions, page 316.)
