



1987. 



GEORGE DOUGHTY
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 wheelbarrow, value 10s.; 6lbs. weight of paint, 3s. 6d.; 1 pair of steps, 7s.; 1 brush, 3s.; and 1 pail, 2s.; the goods of 



Thomas Henry Moore, his master; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






THOMAS HENRY MOORE
. I am a carpenter and builder, and live at Royal Hill, Greenwich. The prisoner was in my service as a labourer—I employed him at No. 25, Lower Northampton-street—I had the articles stated at that house, and saw them safe on Sunday, the 7th of Oct.—I had seen the prisoner there on the Saturday previous—I missed the articles on the following Thursday—they have not been found—the prisoner ought to have been at work there, but was not—I afterwards found him at Deptford, and had him apprehended.






ANN HALLETT
. I am the wife of John Hallett, and keep a chandler's shop in Clerkenwell. On Tuesday afternoon the prisoner left some paint at my shop for a half-quartern loaf, and a quarter of a pound of cheese, until seven o'clock, when he said he would he sure to fetch it away, and pay for them—he never came—Mr. Moore and the policeman came on Friday.





JOHN HALLETT
. The prisoner left a white-wash brush with me on the Friday before the Tuesday that he left the paint—he fetched it away next morning, and paid me for what he had.





MARIA LAVELL
. I am a widow, and live in St. John's-street, Clerkenwell. The prisoner came on Tuesday afternoon, at four o'clock, and asked me to purchase a wheelbarrow and pail—I said, "No"—he had them with him.

Prisoner. Q. Are you certain it was me? A. I am.





MARTHA MARTIN
. I am the wife of Dennis Martin, and keep a broker's shop in Northampton-street. The prisoner came to my house on Tuesday afternoon, just before dusk, and asked me to buy a pair of steps and a wheelbarrow—he had not got them with him—I refused to buy them—I am sure he is the man.





FREDERICK GEORGE SMITH
. I live at my uncle's, at Charlton. I was a prisoner in the Deptford station-house with the prisoner on the Friday, for setting a chimney on fire—we were talking together about different crimes—he said his master gave him some paint and paper, and he went and sold them.

Prisoner. It is quite false; they asked what I was there for, and I said, "On suspicion of robbing my master of paint and paper;"it is all through the policeman. Witness. He did not say "on suspicion"—the policeman did not say anything to me.





JOHN SIZER
 (policeman.) I apprehended the prisoner—when he was charged by his master at the station, he said he did not know how bis master could make it stealing, as he had given him the things.

Prisoner. I said master charged me with felony, but gave me the property to take to the house, and I took it there. Witness. He did not say so.

MR. MOORE
re-examined. He did not say so—I believe the greater part of the property never reached the premises.

Prisoner's Defence. I had eight pounds of stone-coloured paint, to paint all the window-sashes down with two coats; it was not possible I could do it for that—he gave me the paint to mix on Monday, and said he should be there on Tuesday, but he did not come—I could not get on, and asked them at the shop to let me have a loaf and things, and when master came I would take the things away.

MR. MOORE. I paid him all that was due to him on Sunday—he had money to buy things on Tuesday, and nothing was due to him.





JOHN WHITE
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoners former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read—Convicted of housebreaking, and confined one year)—he is the person.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

