




1592. 




WILLIAM SATTINN WHITEFORD
 was again indicted, with 




JAMES POTTLE



, for stealing 4 bales of gunny-bagging, value 4l.; and 501bs. weight of rope, 5s.; the goods of the 

London Dock Company.


MESSRS. BALLANTINE
and
HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE SPARKS
. I am a sack and bag-maker, and live in Swan-street, Minories. Before the 27th of May I saw the prisoner Pottle in the London Docks—he asked if I would buy a quantity of rags—I asked if they were his—he said they were—I said I would buy them—he said he had got an order for them, and showed me a bit of paper, purporting to be an order—I did not read it—the goods were brought to me the next day by the carman Clark—I was to pay 5s. a hundred-weight for them—I cannot tell How many hundred-weight were sent, but I paid 4l. odd.





HENRY CLARK
. I am carman to Mr. Brown. I was ordered to go to the

London Docks, by Mr. Nicholls—I saw Whiteford there—he told me there; would be two bales for me on the west quay—I went there, and ftmnd two bales—some of the dock people brought them out of the shed—Whiteford was on the dock—he told me to go to the new warehouse, where I got two other bales, and Whiteford told me to take them to Sparks, which I did—Whiteford gave me a pass to go out.





WILLIAM NICHOLLS
. I was clerk to Mr. Brown, a carman. On the 27th of May Whiteford came, and told me to send a cart for four bales—I sent it by Clark.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANI. Q. Is your master in a very large way of business? A. Not very—he has frequently five carriages employed—I am quite positive Whiteford was the man who called on me—I was not called to see him again till I was ordered to the office, a month afterwards—I stated he was the person.





HENRY GRAVELEY
. I am foreman of the London Dock new warehouse—it is my duty to make out pass notes. On the 27th of May I was applied to by Pottle for a pass for two bales of cotton pickings—I refused the pass, because I had not seen the order, and had not seen the goods done up—in consequence of that, Whiteford came and asked me for a pass for two bales, and I gave it him without hesitation—he was in a position in the dock for me to consider his sanction sufficient—the pass and the order would be authority for the issue of a gate-keeper's ticket—this is the pass I gave—this other paper is the order Whiteford gave me—it purports to be signed by Clout.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. To whom did you give this order when it came into your possession? A. To Whiteford—I know he gave it to me, and I firmly believe I gave it hack to him.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILD. Q. When Pottle came up you refused to give him a pass? A. Yes, and I believe the words he used were, he would go and fetch Whiteford—Whiteford is a person in great confidence.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Would it be necessary to produce the original order at the gate? A. No, the order was produced to me, and I gave the pass-note for it.





FREDERICK WILLIAM HENSCH
. I am a clerk in the London Docks—I signed this pass-ticket on the production of an order and a pass-ticket, signed by Whiteford—he produced the order and the pass-ticket to me, and I made out the gate-keeper's pass—to the best of my belief, the writing of this order is Whiteford's, except the signature, "T. Clout," which I know nothing of.





ARTHUR GREGORY
. This is my handwriting to the bottom of this gatekeeper's pass, for two bales of cotton pickings—this was made from the order.





GEORGE SPARK

re-examined. The goods were brought to me by Clark, for which I paid Pottle 4l.—they were gunny bagging and old ropes.





THOMAS CLOUT
. This order is not my writing, nor was it written by any one by my authority.





JOHN CLEMENTS
. I have seen these papers and orders which have been given—they would be necessary for passing anything out of the dock—nothing would be passed out without the gate-keeper's pass—Pottle was in the employ of the docks thirty years—he knew tke nature of gunny bagging—he would have no right to remove them.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILD. A. Pottle has been there about thirty-seven years, has he not? A. He has been there to my knowledge about thirty years—he has four or five children—he has told me he cannot read or write.





GEORGE DIX
. I am an officer of the docks—I took Pottle—I told him he was charged with Whiteford, with stealing four bags of gunny bagging and

rope—he said he asked Whiteford in May if he could find him a merchant for some of these rags and gunny pickings—that Whiteford said he did not know, but he would see—that he packed them up, and Whiteford brought him a paper, and said, "you may now deliver the bags."

WHITEFORD—


GUILTY
. Aged 46.—


Transported for Seven Years.


POTTLE—


GUILTY
. Aged 57.—



Confined Two Years.

