




3020. 




ROBERT SHORE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
26th of September, 1 table, value 10s., the goods of 



Elizabeth Robinson.






ELIZABETH ROBINSON
. I live in Corporation-row, Clerkenwell—I hired a room of Mrs. Burgess in August last, and furnished it—I was to hare been married to the prisoner next Christmas—I had a table in the room, a bed, and four blankets—I did not authorize him to take any of them away.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. YOU hired the room to deposit the furniture? A. Yes—the prisoner helped me to take the bed and pillow, but not the table—he has married my sister instead of me—I had only been to Mrs. Burgess with him once about these things—I have had no difference with him—I am not on bad terms with my sister—I have several times been in a house in Brunswick-street, St. John's-street-road—my sister lodged there—I do not know Fielding—I never was there when any conversation took place between me and the prisoner—I swear I never said anything to him about taking these goods to another place—he borrowed a sovereign of me, and he said he could make five or ten shillings—it was not got from me on account of these goods—the banns were put up for our marriage by Fielding—there was no difference with the prisoner and me after that.





MARY ANN BURGESS
. I am the wife of Joseph Burgess—the prisoner came to me on the Saturday, and brought me the week's rent, and said Mrs. Robinson had sent it—the table was in my parlour, and the prisoner took it away—he also took the bed and bedding—he said Miss Robinson had sent him for it.

MR. HORRY
called,






SAMUEL FIELDING
. I live in Brunswick-street, St. John's-street-road—I know the prisoner and the prosecutrix—she has frequently come to my house—I remember her being in my room with the prisoner—some conversation took place about this furniture, and she authorised him to take the things from where they were deposited, and put them where he thought proper, till they were married—I pot up the banns for their marriage—it was after that that the goods were moved.

COURT. Q. When was it that conversation took place? A, I think about ten weeks ago—I cannot state the day.





ELIZABETH ROBINSON

re-examned. When he was going to marry me he took the goods for me, with the exception of the table—I never authorised him to take the table—he married my sister about a fortnight after taking the goods.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
