



2001. 




JOSEPH NICHOLLS
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 coat, value 1l.; 1 waistcoat, 10s.; 1 pair of trowsers, 10s.; 12 half-crowns, 40 shillings, and 20 sixpences; the goods of the 



Rev. John Foyster Grantham; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






REV. JOHN FOYSTER GRANTHAM
. I am the vicar of Cookham, in Berk-shire. I saw my servant make up a parcel—I furnished the money for the purpose—there was 4l. in silver in it, in half-crowns, shillings, and sixpences: a coat, waistcoat, and pair of trowsers—I gave it to my servant to take to the carrier, but I did not see him take it—there was a direction given that it was a valuable parcel.

Prisoner. Q. What number of coins were in the parcel? A. I cannot answer to the exact number—they were all the silver coins of the realm, and of recent date—I think it was in four separate parcels, the 4l. separately—the parcels were not sewn up—I think they were sealed up, but I am not certain—they were in paper.

COURT. Q. What paper was it? A. I cannot say—probably it was cartridge paper, or torn-up loose paper—the money was put up in separate parcels, and directed to Mr. Myers, No. 72, Oxford-street.





THOMAS WILDER
. I am a carrier from Cookham to London. On the 12th of Sept. I received a parcel from Mrs. Ford, my mistress, directed to Mr. Myers, No. 72, Oxford-street—I brought it to London, and gave it to Jackson to deliver for me.





MAJOR JACKSON
. On the 13th of Sept. I received a square parcel from Wilder to take to No. 72, Oxford-street—I saw the direction on it—I gave it to the prisoner—he said he was going up to Broad-street, and he would take it for me—I had known him for a good while before—I told him where I was going, and he came up to me, and offered to take it for half the porterage, which was 3d.—I was to receive 6d.—on the Sunday I saw the prisoner again—he said nothing about it—on the Tuesday I saw him again, and asked him if he had delivered it—he said, "Yes"—on the Thursday Mr. Wilder came and informed me it had not been taken—I went in search of the prisoner, and found him in the Fountain public-house, in company with the policeman—I said, "Joe, you have done a pretty thing for me, you have not delivered that parcel"—he said, "I am sorry for it; it is my own bringing on; I cannot help it"—on the way to the station, I said, "What have you done with the money?"—he said it was spent—I said, "What have you done with the clothes?"—he said he did not know, somebody else had them.

Prisoner. Q. What time on Saturday morning did you give me the parcel? A. It might be between twelve and one o'clock—you said you were going to your brother Charles's, in the Strand, and then to Broad-street,

Bloomsbury—I said, "Don't fail to deliver it"—you said, "No, it won't take me long."





BENJAMIN MYERS
. I live at No. 72, Oxford-street. I did not receive any parcel from the prisoner, or any money.





HENRY FINCH
 (City police-constable, No. 247.) I took charge of the prisoner in St. Giles's—he told Jackson he had spent the money, and had given the clothes to some person, but he had received nothing for them, or words to that effect.

Prisoner's Defence. I was intoxicated.





THOMAS WILDER

re-examined. Q. Did you know the direction on this parcel? A. Yes—I think it was Mr. Grantham's writing—I had seen his writing before, several times.





THOMAS LANGLEY
 (police-constable F 121.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at this Court—(read—Convicted on the 19th of Aug., 1844, by the name of John Blackburn, and imprisoned three months)—the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

