



117. 



MARY ANN SAUNDERS
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 pair of boots, value 1s.; 3 half-crowns, and 1 rupee, 2s.; the property of 



John Bell; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN BELL
. I am a seaman, and lodge in Gill-street, Limehouse. I met the prisoner on the 23th of Nov.—I asked her to show me the Three Crowns public-house—she asked me to go with her—I went with her to the Three Crowns—she asked me to treat her, and I did—I then went with her to a house—this was about seven o'clock in the evening—I pulled off my boots and my jacket—I had three half-crowns and a rupee in my trowsers—I laid down with that money in my pocket—I got up in about an hour—my boots were gone, and my money also—I asked the prisoner to get me my boots—she told me they were in pawn—I lost a rupee which was in my trowsers—I never told the prisoner she might pawn the boots—no one else had been in the room—these are my boots.





FRANCIS MIDDLEDITCH
. I am a pawnbroker. This pair of boots was

pawned at our house, but I did not take them in—this is the duplicate that was given for them.





ROBERT FROST
 (police-constable K 277.) I took the prisoner—I asked for I the duplicate and she gave me this—there was 4s. 11d. found on her—she I said the prosecutor gave her the boots and she pawned them—she said he had no money at all.

Prisoner's Defence, I met him, and asked him to give me something to drink; we went into the Grapes; we sat there and had several half-pints of rum, and then we went to a room; he said he had no money; he pulled off his boots and said, "Get me an easier pair, these I cannot wear;" I took them, and then he was very sick; I called the man of the house; the prosecutor then asked for his boots; I said, "I have pawned them, and here is the duplicate and the money."





JOHN BELL

re-examined. She did not offer me the money nor the duplicate—she abused me—I did not know she was going away with the boots—I had no connection with her—she asked me to stand some gin, and I gave her 1s. to get some—I was not sick—when I awoke and asked for my boots and jacket she called me a Scotch b—.

Prisoner. I said I had not stolen the boots; I would stay till the officer came; I was quite agreeable to give up the money; if he had waited till the morning I would have got the boots out again.

The Prisoner called






JOHN BARR
. I keep a little coffee-shop and soup-shop at No. 1, Bluegatefields. The prosecutor and the prisoner came to my house last Wednesday, about six o'clock in the evening—the prosecutor was very tipsy—he had been down in the mud—he was smothered in mud—he stripped off his clothes, and I hung them to the fire to dry to brush for him—the prisoner asked him if he was going to bed—he said, "Yes,"—she said he had no money—he said no he knew that, but be would leave his jacket or boots for his expenses in the morning—they went to bed, and were in bed about an hour—the prisoner then got up, and said, "I cannot lie with this man; he has been sick all over me"—she said, "He has given me the choice to pawn his jacket or boots"—I said "Do not be too fast, you do not know what a drunken man may say"—she said, "I will go and pawn the boots"—she went, and in the mean time the man fell out of bed—I went to the night-house and called Mary Ann—when I came back the man was down stairs, lying down before my fire—I said, "You must go away, and not stop here; go up to bed"—he then asked for his boots—the prisoner said she could not give them to him then—he went out with only his stocking on, and got the officer.

COURT
to
JOHN BELL. Q. Were you sober enough to be able to swear what you were about? A. Yes—I swear I had the three half-crowns when I went into that house.





ROBERT FROST

re-examined. Q. Did the prosecutor tell you he had the half-crowns? A. Yes, and he told me where he got them—I went to. a tailor's shop—the tailor said he bad advanced him' four half-crowns—the prosecutor was sober—he appeared in the same state then as he is in now—he was not covered with mud—his trowsers were a little muddy—he was perfectly sober when I saw him at half-past eight—I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted 10th June, 1844)—the prisoner is the person—she has been committed to this Court since, but the sailor did not appear against her—she is in the habit of robbing sailors—the man that came to speak for her has been living with her for years—last summer she gave him into custody for an assault, and he was imprisoned—they have been living together again since.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

