



660. 




WILLIAM CASEY, alias
 Bozer, alias
 White, alias
 Smith




, was indicted for feloniously forging and uttering, on the 
6th of July, 1842, an acceptance to a bill of exchange for 65l., with intent to defraud 



Richard Patterson.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






RICHARD PATTERSON
. I was formerly a confectioner, living at No. 203, Oxford-street. I am now messman to the Royal Artillery at Woolwich—I have known the prisoner three or four years—in July, 1842, the prisoner was in my debt 20l.—in that month he produced this bill of exchange to me to be discounted, or to give him the difference of it, and take what was owing to me—at the time he brought it me I said, "You must leave this for inquiry, I cannot part with my money in this way; I must know who this Samuel Roberts is"—I had discounted for the prisoner before, but never for an acceptor of the name of Roberts—I said, "Who is the bill from?"—he said, "A gentleman residing at Stafford, who resides on his own estate"—I said, "Is it for money or goods?"—he said, "For wine I have sold"—I first advanced him 20l. on the bill, for which he gave me this "I O U—he left the bill with me—I wrote to Stafford, and received an answer—I wrote a second letter to Stafford—this is the letter—it was returned to me as it is now by the post—I received an answer to this letter—before the bill became due I gave the prisoner the difference of the bill—I gave him 15l. more after I received the first letter—he owed me 5l., and 15l. previous to that—he received in all 60l. from me, and 5l. I took for discount—the bill was presented at Cox and Biddulph's, where it is made payable, but was not paid—in consequence of that, and of what I learnt at Cox and Biddulph's, I applied for a warrant to apprehend the prisoner, and offered a reward for his apprehension—in Dec., 1842, about three months after the bill had become due, I received this letter—I have seen the prisoner write, and had communications with him, and have acquired a knowledge of his handwriting—I can swear to this letter being his handwriting—(looking at another letter)—this is the letter I received in answer to that I wrote to Stafford—I do not know the writer of that, nor this—(looking at another)—it is a fac-simile of the other—I can form no opinion of it.
(The bill was here read, dated London, the 6th of July, 1842, for 65l., at two months, drawn by William Casey on Mr. S. Roberts, Stafford, and accepted by Samuel Roberts, payable at Cox and Biddulph's, hankers, London. The I O U was for 20l., and was stated to be in part payment of the bill. The letter stated to be the prisoner's writing was follows:—"London, Dec. 27, 1842. Old Blow-hard, I have received from four of my friends the Sunday Times, wherein you offer 10l. reward; what a d—d fool you are to imagine that your paltry 10l. would induce any person to betray me, without they were as big

a rogue as yourself. Let me advise you to offer 20l., and then it may do some good, as it would just pay law expenses; but in your next advertisement refrain from those lies which you have so barefacedly set forth, and state the amount received by me, and the amount of the bill-let me advise you to keep that d—d tongue quiet; if not, look out did you imagine that my wile's relations would pay you? if you thought go, you are a greater ass than I thought you were; but I cannot be surprised at anything you do, as you are vagabond enough for anything; yours till the next, William Casey.")





RICHARD PATTERSON
 (continued.) I heard nothing more of the prisoner after the receipt of that letter till Aug., 1843—in consequence of what I then heard I came to Newgate. and saw the prisoner there—he was therein the name of William Smith—I lodged a detainer against him about three or four months after, and on the 4th of Feb., when he was about to be discharged, he was taken on this charge, taken before Mr. Rawliuson the Magistrate, and committed.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. The letter beginning "Old Blow-hard" was not produced before the Magistrate, was it? A. Yes; the prisoner was introduced to me by a friend named Moyce, who lives at Islington, in the neighbourhood where the prisoner lived—I have beeb somewhat of a sporting man—I was a better on the turf to a certain extent—I did not know the prisoner in that way, nor did I know he was a person who betted occasionally—he was introduced to me for the purpose of discounting—that was occasionally my practice when I was a confectioner, in Oxford-street—I sometimes got more than five per cent—I should not have been induced to discount this bill had I not believed that the acceptor was a gentleman of large property—I wrote my first letter of inquiry to Stafford on the day the bill was left me—I did not go to Cox and Biddulph's to make any inquiry—I noticed that the bill purported to be payable there—it did not occur to me that I might have made an immediate inquiry there—I have been in the habit of discounting bills for fourteen or sixteen years—I have never been introduced to a Mr. Roberts—I have seen many Mr. Roberts—I have seen three or four Mr. Roberts on the subject of this bill—I have seen one Mr. Roberts in the Queen's Bench—I saw him a year and a half ago perhaps—I can't say whether it was before or after I lodged the detainer against the prisoner—it is so long since, I cannot remember—when I saw the prisoner in Newgate it was on the morning of his trial, or the day before I think it was—I know it was within a day or so—I showed Mr. Roberts the letter—I don't think I showed him the note—I had not the note—after seeing Mr. Roberts I went to the prisoner's wife—I went several times—perhaps it was a day or two after the bill was dishonoured, but I cannot charge my memory—I instructed an attorney, of the name of Bentham, to write to him—I can't say when that was—I can't tell whether I received a communication from Mr. Bentham afterwards—Mr. Bentham has left business—I have no recollection of his communicating to me the result of his writing—I can't remember whether it was after or before that that I went to the prisoner's wife—I went to her two or three times—I will swear I did not go a dozen—I went for the purpose of hearing whether she had heard of Casey, and whether she knew where he was—that was not after I believed he had committed a forgery—I first

ascertained there was no Mr. Roberts, after the bill was returned into my hands—I then began to be diligent to know what had become of Casey, and I found he was in Whitecross-street—I took steps to find him—I looked for the drawer—the acceptor was of no use to me—I looked to the drawer—one was a man I did know, and the other I did not know—I cannot tell how long it was before I wrote to Mr. Roberts, of Stafford—it was no use to write to Stafford, because my other letters were returned—my letter that was returned was written on the 13th, and it was a fortnight before it came back to me—I wrote to make inquiries at Stafford, about a fortnight after the receipt of this, perhaps a month after the dishonour of the bill—this letter was returned after I advanced the money, before the bill was dishonoured—at the time of the dishonour of the bill I had reason to believe there was no such person as Roberts at Stafford, from my letter coming back—I believed, at the time the bill was returned to me, there was a person named Roberts at Stafford, who could pay the bill—I did not apply to any person at Stafford to pay the bill—I made inquiries at Stafford—I could not find the drawer—I continued to look for the prisoner up to the time of his coming here—I did not desire that his wife should pay the money—I applied to her to know where Casey was, that I might get the money—I did not threaten criminal proceedings, in the event of her not telling roe, but in the event of my not finding him—if the money had been sent, I should probably not have enforced proceedings—it is not unusual, when persons do not honour their bills, to grant a little indulgence—I have granted two or three months, and longer—I do not know where the Mr. Roberts, who I saw in the Queen's Bench, is now—I have not been looking for him, or inquired at the Queen's Bench for him—I had never seen him previously, and have not seen him on the turf since.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. At the time the bill became due, did you believe there was a Roberts of Stafford? A. I did—of course, from a former letter that I received I supposed Mr. Roberts must have been living there., or might have been away from home—I received two letters—I received an answer to one letter.





THOMAS HAMMERSLEY
. I am the letter-carrier for the first district of Stafford, and have held that situation above seven years—in 1842 there was no person named Samuel Roberts, to my knowledge, living at Stafford, or having any property there, nor did I deliver any letter to any such person—there was no such person in my district to my knowledge—this letter, with the post-mark of Newcastle-under-Lyne, has been returned from there to the dead-letter office, London—I see the handwriting of the proper officer upon it, "Try Potteries"—there being no such person in the town of Stafford, the clerk would write, "Try Potteries," in Stafford shire—there was not "Staffordshire" on the letter.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose persons very often direct to Stafford, meaning the Potteries? A. They do—the population of Stafford is about 13,000—there is no attorney named Roberts, of Stafford, and never was, not a resident in the town—there might be a gentleman come the Sessions or Assizes, but not a resident—there was no such person in district in July, 1842, either as a lodger, or in any other way, that had any letter—I should not know of all the letters left at the office to be for—I sort a part of the letters.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You sort one district, and your brother postman

the other? A. Yes—I never delivered any letter to Roberts of Stafford, in July, 1842—my district contains a divided moiety of the population.





THOMAS KENDERINE
. I am the letter-carrier of Stafford for the second district—it is only divided into two districts—in July, 1842, there was no such person as Samuel Roberts living in my district in Stafford—I never heard the name—I never delivered a letter to any such name—if such a person had resided in my district, I believe I should have known it.





JOSEPH JONES
. I am an auctioneer and printer, at Stafford. In 1842 I was the collector for the whole borough of Stafford—there was no such person as Samuel Roberts living there in that year, to my knowledge—if there had been a resident of that name, or a person in the ocenpation or possession of a large estate, in 1842, I should certainly have know-it—there was none to my knowledge.





WILLIAM WELLBORNE
. I am one of the clerks in the banking-house of Messrs. Cox and Biddulph. In July, 1842, we had no customer of the name of Samuel Roberts, nor at the time when this bill became due.

Cross-examined. Q. I presume that any person might have ascertained that fact, by inquiring at your banking-house? A. Yes, we should have answered that of course—it is not usual with us to receive a sum of money from any person to meet a bill—it must have been advised through some banking-house in the country—that is the regular way—if a person came and offered to deposit a sum of money to meet a bill expected to be due, we should not receive it, having no account of it.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. That is, you would not receive money from a stranger to the house, to meet an acceptance? A. Certainly not.





WILLIAM CUMMING
 (police-sergeant D 3.) On the 4th of Feb. I took the prisoner into custody at the House of Correction—I had gone with the prosecutor in 1842, at the latter end of Dec., or the 1st of Jan., to endeavour to apprehend him, at Stafford, Newcastle, and different places—when I took the prisoner, I read the Magistrate's warrant to him—after hearing it read, he said, "There is no forgery; Samuel Roberts is well known, and he is now in the Queen's Bench prison."

Cross-examined. Q. At that time the prisoner had never been out of the custody of the law? A. No.

MR. BALLANTINE
called






THOMAS JAMES
. I am now out of business—I was a publican, and kept the Prince Albert, in Albert-street, City-road—I knew the prisoner before he went to prison—he frequented the house I kept, and lived in the same street—I knew a person named Roberts—the prisoner used to call him Sam, when they were friendly together—I have often seen them together—Mr. Roberts used to come several times, and leave notes for Casey, and I have seen Casey give him money, but what about I do not know—at one time I saw Casey give him fifteen or sixteen sovereigns, and he thanked him, and all that sort of thing—I do not know what has become of Mr. Roberts—I have not seen him lately—the last time I saw him was two years and a half ago, for what I know—I did not keep it in my mind—I knew nothing about this till the day before yesterday, and then I came in here just by accident, as I did to-day, hearing the case was coming on—I have not been examined by any attorney for the purpose of giving evidence.

COURT. Q. Do you know Roberts' handwriting at all? A. No, I do not.


MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you ever see any notes written by him? A. Yes—I have seen him come when Casey was not there, and I have taken pen and ink into the parlour to him—I have no recollection of his handwriting from that—it was a smallish hand, a good bit of a hand, according to what I have seen of it—I have no judgment or belief about his handwriting to swear to it—I could tell very near, I think, to the best of my recollection, but it is a long time ago—the acceptance to this bill of exchange (looking at it) is something like it—it is a small hand, as I say—it is something like it, but I cannot swear to it.

COURT. Q. Have you seen enough of Roberts' handwriting to form an opinion what is or is not his writing? A. On my word I cannot say—I dare say he has left twenty or thirty little notes at our house—I have not looked at them—I had no occasion to have my attention directed to them particularly, to see what they were.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Then am I to understand you to have any belief about this? A. Well, as I said before, it is a very small hand, something like it—whether it is it or not I cannot say.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. When were you sent for to come here? A. I was not sent for at all—I was at my old house last Wednesday, and heard the parties in the room speaking about this, a public party—I was sitting by the attorney just now quite by accident—I am out of business now—I have got money enough out of my business to keep me at present till I can get another house—I left it last Tuesday three weeks—I think you know how long I was there, for you were counsel for me in opposing the beer-shop at the corner—I have been there four years.




GUILTY
of Uttering.
 Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.

