




830. 




JAMES DUNN
 and 




BENJAMIN LAW
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Leggatt, on the 
13th of Feb., at the parish of 
St. Luke, and stealing therein, 1 looking-glass and frame, value 1l. 10s.; 2 sheets, 6s.; 1 counterpane, 8s.; 2 blankets, 12s.; 2 pillows, 6s.; 1 bolster, 6s.; 1 clock, 12s. and 1 pair of trowsers, 4s.; his goods.


MR. BALLANTINE. conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH LEGGATT
. I am the wife of James Leggatt, of No. 12, Lamb's-buildings, Bunhill-row, in the parish of St. Luke—we use the front parlour as a bed-room. On Tuesday evening, the 13th of Feb., between five and six o'clock, I went into the parlour, and observed the window was down and fastened—every thing in the room was safe—I had seen my little girl close the window-shutters about half-past six—she did not fasten them—I and my family then went into the back parlour—at half-past seven I heard a knock at the street-door—my family had gone to bed—the door between the back and front parlours was shut—I went to the door, and a neighbour made a communication to me—I went into the front parlour, and missed the articles stated In the indictment, worth about 8l.—the bed was taken—the bedstead was close to the window.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. What was the neighbour's name? A. Small, but not the witness of that name.





JOHN SMALL
. I live next door to the prosecutor—I have known the prisoners eighteen months or two years. On the 13th of Feb., about twenty minutes after seven o'clock, from that to half-past, I was returning home, and saw them coming down Lamb's-buildings together towards Leggatt's house—I had occasion to stop for a minute, and after that went towards my own house, and thought I saw one of their legs in the prosecutor's front parlour window, but was not certain—I stopped and watched for a short time, and then saw the window-shutters come open, and one of their heads put out—in a short time the prisoner Law came from down Lamb's-passage towards Leggatt's house—I had not seen him come from the house—he was coming up to the door—I made a shuffling noise with my feet, and he went away again—he was about ten yards from the house—I did not see that he had anything with him—I lost sight of him for about a minute—he went down to the bottom of Lamb's-passage—I heard "Jack," or something, called from Leggatt's house—Law then came back, and went towards the house—I made a shuffle with my feet—he was then two or three yards from the door, and he walked off in a direction from Mr. Leggatt's house towards me—he passed me—I am certain it was Law—(I had not seen him in the house—when I first saw them walking together they were five or six yards from the house, and in conversation with one another—I then went in doors, and sent my sister for a policeman)—I went to my own door, and, after being there four or five minutes, I saw

Dunn come out of the prosecutor's door with a looking-glass on his shoulder—I followed him—he did not see me following him—he walked some way and then ran—I tried to catch hold of his arm, and he threw the glass on me—it fell on the ground, and was broken—I took the frame back to Leggatt's, and gave a description of the prisoners.

Cross-examined. Q. How long do you think all this occupied? A. Ten minutes or a quarter of an hour—in that time I saw both the prisoners twice—I saw Dunn go in and come out—I thought he went in—I saw Dunn come out about five minutes after I saw them coming down the buildings together—I went to my sister about a minute after I thought I saw Dunn go into the house—my sister had not come back when I followed Dunn—it was rather a foggy night, I believe—I saw Law come from the house, not out of it—I was about four yards off—he passed me—the court is three or four yards wide—I shuffled with my feet that the other should not come out, as I wanted the policeman to come first—I had been watching the prisoners for six or seven minutes then, as I thought all was not right—I did not make an alarm, as it might be Mr. Leggatt pulling his shutters to—I saw them closed, and soon after open again, and a head came out—the house is six or seven yards from the top of the buildings—it is not a thoroughfare—when Dunn passed me with the glass, his head was inside the wall—the glass being on his shoulder, I could not see his face—he got into Bunhill-row—I walked behind him—he began to run after I tried to stop him—I did not try to stop him before, because I did not see his face—I will swear he threw the looking-glass down on me—it was not thirteen yards from me, nor a yard—one Noon was taken on this charge, and dismissed—I never said I thought he was one of them—I did not see Law after Dunn came out—I saw him go away before.





ANN GROVE
. I am single, and live at No. 3, Lamb's-buildings. On Saturday evening, the 10th of Feb., about five o'clock, I was cleaning Mrs. Leggatt's front parlour—the windowwas open—I saw the prisoner Dunn and Mike Noon come and stand opposite to the window, they seemed to look all over the room to see if there was anybody in it—they did not see me till I came up to the window—they then made some remark, and ran away.

Cross-examined. Q. This occupied a very short time? A. Yes.





ROBERT COLE
 (police-constable G 19.) I produce the looking-glass frame—I apprehended Law at a public-house, at twelve o'clock on the night of the robbery—he gave his address at Chequer-alley—I there found Dunn, and he gave his address there—they were living together there.





JOHN SMALL

re-examined. This is the frame.

Cross-examined. Q. On your oath, did you not say at the station, if it was not Dunn, it was one very like him, for he had a dark coat on? A. I said nothing of the sort.

MR. HORRY
called the following witnesses.






ROBERT PAGE
. I live in Greville-street, Hatton-garden. I recollect a glass being broken at Lamb's-buildings—I do not know what night it was, nor whether it was thrown down—it might have come from the housetop—I am subpoenaed here, but do not know what for.





WILLIAM STOKES
. I am a shoemaker, and live at No. 4, Chequer-alley. On Tuesday evening, the 13th of Feb., I was up stairs at work, and saw Dunn up in my room, about tea time, five o'clock, and in about half an hour he said he would go down to his work—he came up to my room again about Half-past nine, and stopped till half-past ten—he had been in the house all the time from five o'clock, for I heard him at work—he was singing all the evening—he generally sings when at work, and 1 heard him hammering—I do not say he kept up the singing the whole four hours.


MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Can you give us one of the songs? A. I did not notice particularly—he is a shoemaker—I did not notice whether it was all one tune—I do not say he sung for four hours—I have not stated my evidence to anybody before this, nor stated to anybody what I could prove—the father asked me to come here—I told him what I could prove—I made no statement to an attorney—I do not know a man named Spicer who sits in Court—I have had no communication with him—Dunn generally sung when at work—I cannot speak to Friday or Saturday—I made the observation about seven o'clock, "Dunn has not finished his work yet"—he had said he should go down and finish his two pairs—I do not know that he was singing then—I heard him hammering—for anything I know, he might be out from a quarter past seven to half-past nine.





ROBERT COLE

re-examined. The glass was thrown down about a minute's walk from where this witness lodges.





CHARLES KINGATE
. I am a shoemaker, and live at No. 4, Chequer-alley. On Tuesday evening, the 13th of Feb., I heard Dunn at work there—I did not see him—I was at work on the stone floor, and heard him hammering and singing in the evening, but particularly between six and seven o'clock—I am certain from a quarter to seven to a quarter to eight.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. I dare say you know the time the looking-glass was dropped? A. No—about seven o'clock, a young man sitting in the room with me said, "What a particular voice that young man has got! he roars like a bull"—I remember his singing "The Ivy Green," between six and seven—the prisoner's wife came to me next day, and told me of this circumstance—she lives there with him—she did not tell me at what time he was charged with committing the robbery—I do not know when I heard the time—I do not know the time—I only know he was in the house all that night—I have heard him sing many times, and knew his voice—I had no watch or clock.

COURT. Q. A young woman applied to you next day, does she live with him? A. Yes—they pass as man and wife—I do not know where Law lived—I never saw him, and do not know him—I never saw him in Dunn's room—I live in the house.





ALICE BROOK
. I live at No. 9, Green Arbour-court, and am a shoe-binder and a widow. I have seen Law several times up at Mr. Dunn's room—I saw him up there about twenty minutes past seven on the evening before he was taken into custody, sitting by the fire eating his supper—I work for Mr. Dunn, and went there for my work—Law had on a corderoy jacket.

COURT. Q. Did you hear either of them singing? A. No, they were very quiet—Mrs. Dunn sat on Law's right hand side—they were at supper—he had potatoes in his plate, but what meat I cannot say—I staid there till a quarter to eight—they were at work.

Q. Was the hammering going on? A. Mr. Dunn was at work up stain in his upper room—the prisoner Dunn's father I mean—I did not see the prisoner Dunn there at all—I am talking of the father's lodgings, not the son's—I do not know the name of the court—it is down Bunhill row—I believe it is Chequer-alley—I do not know the number—it was the prisoner's mother I saw, not his wife—I do not know where he or Law lived—I know the time by the clock where I lived, as I did not take above ten minutes to go there.





RICHARD DAVIS
. I am a shoemaker, and live in Golden-lane. On the 13th of Feb. I saw Law up at Mr. Dunn's, my master's place, from half-past five till half-past ten—I do not know the name of the place—it is about three minutes' walk from Lamb's-buildings—he was in my company all that time.


MR. BALLANTINE. Q. DO you mean to swear that? A. I was up there at work, and he went away with me at half-past ten.

Q. Was he in your company from half-past fire till half-past ten? A. He was down stairs, I was up stairs—I went down three or four times, and saw him sitting by the fire every time I came down—I saw him eating about half-past seven o'clock, I do not know what—I went down next about nine—I went down four or five times to go backwards, as I was very ill.
----DUNN. I am the prisoner's father. On Tuesday night, the 13th of Feb., he was at work at No. 4, Chequer-alley—he does not live with me—I know he was at work there, because he brought three pairs of shoes home to me, which came to 2s.—I went that evening on purpose to see if he had done the work, about a quarter or ten minutes to seven—he told me it would not be done for half an hour or an hour, and they were brought to me about eight o'clock by his wife.

MR. BALLANTINE. Have you been in Court while all the witnesses have been examined? A. Not all—I did not pay attention to Brooks's evidence—there was no person with me that evening, she came to me with my son's work—she is a wife, or pretends to be—I have never been indicted—the witness Brooks only binds for me—she is not the person I mean by my son's wife—I do not know whether he is married—I live in Ebenezer-place—I cannot say how far that is from Chequer-alley—I have not been getting up this alibi nor treating or talking to the witnesses.

COURT. Q. Where does Law usually live? A. Usually with my son—Brooks lives in Green Arbour-court, not with them—Ellen Carr brought my son's work home—they call her my son's wife—she lived with him, not in the same room with Law—there are two rooms joining each other—when I went to go there Law was in my room, my wife, Mrs. Brooks, and the daughter—my wife and daughter are here—Law was eating his supper—he has no father and mother, and at times he takes his meals at my place—he does not work for me—he sometimes goes on errands—he was never out of my place from half-past five till Davis took him out at half-past ten, when they left off work—he was sitting at my fire all that time—I went to my son's about half-past seven, and returned before a quarter-past eight—I left Law in my room, and found him there—the prosecutor lives about 200 yards from my place—it would take about ten minutes to go there and return—my son was singing "The Ivy Green" when I got there—I was not in Court when a witness said he was singing "The Ivy Green."





ROBERT COLE
. He was here in Court.

Dunn. Cole knows the witness said at the station that I was not the man; the inspector said he did not know what to do about locking me up; he said, "If it was not him it was very much like him."





ROBERT COLE
. When Small came to the station Dunn was standing up, and he identified him immediately—Dunn said, "Is that the coat I had on?"—he said, "I don't know about the coat, it was one like it."

DUNN—


GUILTY
.* Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.


LAW—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—



Confined One Year.

