



152. 




HENRY RAGAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, at 
Hornsey, 200 knives, value 10l.; 200 forks, 5l.; 4 pairs of snuffers, 6s.; 15 pairs of scissors, 1l.; and 10 razors, 1l.; the goods of 



James Janes, in his dwelling-house.






MARY JANES
. I am the wife of James Janes—we live in High-street, Highgate, in the parish of Hornsey—it is his own dwelling-house—he keeps an ironmonger's shop. On the night of the 26th of Oct. the family retired to bed about half-past ten o'clock—I was the last person up, but I did not go over the house, or to the street door—I do not know how the house was done up—the next morning I missed a great number of knives, forks, and other things—two glass-cases had been opened, and property taken from both, but not the whole of the things—I said the amount of the things taken was 20l., but I think it was nearer 30l.—I have discovered more loss since I was before the Magistrate—I missed a great-coat which had been left there that night—I have seen the knives and forks which are here—I have no doubt they are my husband's—they were for sale—I have not sold any lately—I manage the shop—only my daughter and I attend the shop—I know my daughter had not sold any—they were safe about half-past nine o'clock at night, to my certain knowledge, when I was down in the shop, and they were gone the next morning.





JOHN CLARIDGE
. I am in the service of a pawnbroker in Holborn. On Saturday, Oct. 31st, the prisoner brought a dozen knives and forks to pledge—I had had information—I sent for the policeman and gave him into custody.





GEORGE FINIGAN
. I am in the service of Mr. Griffiths, a pawnbroker, in Somen Town. I produce some knives and forks pawned by the prisoner on the 27th of Oct.—I am quite certain he is the person.

Prisoner. Q. Had you not seen me in the shop previously to these being pawned? A. Yes, I had seen you—I cannot say how long before—I know you pawned them on the 27th of Oct.





EDWIN HAM
. I am in the service of Mr. Harrison, a pawnbroker. I produce some knives and forks which were pawned by the prisoner on the 27th of Oct.

Prisoner. Q. How long was I in your shop? A. Not more than five minutes—I took notice enough of you to know it was you, in fact there was no one else in the shop.





WILLIAM RICHARD TUCKWOOD
. I am in the service of Mr. Aldridge, a

pawnbroker, in Bloomsbury. On the 27th of Oct. the prisoner pawned eleven knives and twelve forks in the name of John Clark—he said they were his own—I am quite sure he is the man.

Prisoner. Q. Did you ever see me before? A. Not to my recollection—you were not in the shop more than ten minutes—you noticed that one knife was short—I am sure you are the man.





CHARLES YARDLEY
. I am in the service of Mr. Burton, a pawnbroker, in Tottenham Court-road. On the 27th of Oct. the prisoner pawned twelve knives and forks in the name of John Clark.

Prisoner. Q. What time was it? A. Between four and five o'clock—I bad not seen you previously—I took notice of you—you asked 4s., and left the shop, came back and took what I offered you.





THOMAS CHAPMAN
 (police-constable E 38.) On the 31st of Oct I was called to Mr. Claridge's shop, in Holborn, to take the prisoner—I found these knives there—the prisoner said he bought them at the White Hart, Tottenham-court-road the night previous, and gave 4s. for them—I found on him a pocket-knife with the same name on it as is on these table-knives.

Prisoner's Defence. The knives I pawned in Holborn I gave 4s. for at the White Hart, in Tottenham-street, Tottenham-court-road, and then the man pulled out a pocket-knife and I bought that; he asked me 8d. for it and I gave him 6d. for it; I had bought several things, and this man coming in with the knives induced me to buy them; I thought I would pawn them in the morning to pay my rent; I was in ready-furnished lodgings, and the money I bought them with was to pay my rent; they went to my place and found nothing.





MART JANES

re-examined. It was more than a fortnight afterwards before they could find where he lived—I have seen all these articles, and I have not the least doubt they are mine.




GUILTY.* Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before 


Edward Bullock, Esq.

