



187. 




WILLIAM HARDING
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of Nov., 1 pocket-book, value 1s.; 9 10l. notes, 3 5l. notes, and 4 orders for the payment and value of 2,750l., the property of 



Robert Vaughan Wynne Williams, from his person.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






ROBERT VAUGHAN WYNNE WILLIAMS
. I am a solicitor, and live in Paper-buildings, Temple. On the 27th of Nov., about half past one in the day, I went to Masterman's banking-house, presented a check for 100l., and received from the cashier, Mr. Brand, I believe, nine 10l., and two 5l. Bank of England notes, which 1 put into my pocket-book, where I had another 5l. note, two checks for 1000l. each, and two other securities, one for 500l., and another for 250l.—I placed my pocket-book in the inner pocket of my frock-coat—I had a bundle of letters in my pocket at the time—I returned to the Temple, through Cheapside, St. Paul's Churchyard, Fleet-street, and Bouverie-street—when near Bucklersbury, I fancied I felt a toueh at my pocket—I put my hand on my pocket, and found, as I thought, the pocket-book and letters safe, all together—I went on, and did not seejmy person—it was quite an instantuneous touch—I did not know whether it was an accidental touch, or whether it might be a fancy of mine—Idid not discover my loss tor nearly an hour after I got to the Temple—I then had occasion to refer to my pocket-book, and it was gone—I went back to Masterman's, got the numbers of the notes, and stopped them at the Bank—this is my pocket-book and all its contents—I cannot myself identify the notes.





THOMAS BRAND
. I am one of the cashiers at Messrs. Masterman's bank, in Nicholas-lane. I paid Mr. Williams the nine 10l. notes, and two 5l. notes now produced, in exchange for a 100l. check.





JOHN CORAM
 (City police-constable, No. 403.) On the afternoon of the 27th of Nov., between one and two o'clock, from information I received, I went across Cheapside, and saw the prisoner in Gutter-lane, walking, with

both his hands in his pockets—I followed him down Gutter-lane—he then ran off up Goldsmith-street, and across Wood-street, into Mitre-court, and crossed Milk-street and up Russia-row—I called out, "Stop thief!"—I had not called out before he ran—when he was in Russia—row I saw him take this pocket-book out of his pocket—he then turned round the corner into Russia-court—I doubled back again into Milk-street, and apprehended him in Milk-street—I did not find the pocket-book upon him—I asked him where it was—he gave me no answer—a little boy standing by said, "A little boy picked it up in the court"—that was in the prisoner's presence—the boy is not here—before I had time to look round the boy that picked it up was close to inv side, and said, "Here it is"—the witness Bell gave it to me—this (produced)is it—I believe by the appearance it is the same I saw in the prisoner's hand, and it was picked up close by the spot where I saw him take it out of his pocket.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Had you told the prisoner you saw him take it out of his pocket before the boy came up and said he had found it? A. I asked him when I apprehended him where the pocket-book was—I did not see him throw it away—I saw him take it out of his pocket—I did not see what he did with it—he was running at the time—I did not go over the same ground that he did—I doubled back again and met him—he was not out of my sight two minutes altogether.





GEORGE BELL
. I live with my mother at No. 21, Hamilton-street, Manchester-square. At the time this matter happened I was errand-boy, in the employment of Mr. Davis, of Bull Head-court, Newgate-street—on the afternoon of the 27th of Nov. I was walking up Russia-row and saw the prisoner running up Russia-row towards me—the policeman was after him, calling out, "Stop thief!"—he turned down Robin Hood-court—I followed him, and in the middle of the court I saw him drop the pocket-book—I picked it up, and by the time I got to the bottom of the court the policeman had apprehended the prisoner—he asked for the pocket-book, and I gave it to him—this is it.

Cross-examined. Q. At I to understand you saw him drop the pocket-book? A. Yes, I am quite sure about that.




GUILTY
.* Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.

