



12. 




GEORGE DAVIS



, stealing 4 shawls, 2 fur boas, and 1 wooden box, value 3l. 18s. 4d., the goods of 

the South Eastern Railway Company; having been before convicted.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
COOPER
conducted the Prosecution,





JAMES DURRANT
. I live at 1, Cole's-place, Dover-road, and am carman to the South-Eastern Railway Company. On Friday evening, 26th Oct., I was out with a van, delivering parcels—I stopped at Silsey's, in Watling-street, to deliver a bale of goods, and left a lad in the van to mind it—the horse's head was turned towards St. Paul's-churchyard, and we were on the opposite side of the road to Silsey's—I returned in about two minutes, and missed the box—I then drove the van on to the first cab-stand in St. Paul's-church-yard, and saw two persons, the prisoner and another, in the act of getting into a cab with the box in their possession—I jumped down off the box of the van, and said, "That is my box," and with that both the persons ran away—I pursued the prisoner, and gave him into custody—at the time I claimed the box they were both in the act of getting into the cab—the box was in the prisoner's hand.

Cross-examined by
MR. COCKLE. Q. The other man was a tall, well-dressed

man, was he not? A. He was a well-dressed man, as far as I could see—neither of them were in the cab—the other man had the handle of the cab-door in his hand—this is the box (produced)—it weighs about 12lbs.—one of them ran in one direction, and one in the other—the cab-stand is about seventy-five or eighty yards from where I lost the box—it was the first cat-stand from Silsey's place.





WILLIAM MUNDY
. I am in the employ of the South-Eastern Railway, at the goods station. I accompanied the van driven by Durrant on 26th Oct.—we stopped opposite Silsey's warehouse in Watling-street—Durrant went in with a bale of goods—while he was gone in, I moved two boxes in the van—I was to get them ready for St. Paul's-churchyard—the box produced is one of the two I moved—it was the smallest—I put it on the side of the van, and the other behind me, when a well-dressed man came up, and asked me the way to Pickford's—I told him—Durrant came out in about two minutes, and directly missed the box—I did not miss it till Durrant came out—we then drove to the nearest cat-stand, and I saw the two persons—the prisoner had the box under his arm, and the other was the tall, well-dressed man that had asked me the way to Pickford's—he had the handle of the cao-door in his hand.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you go to the station with the policeman? A. No, I stopped to mind the van—T saw the prisoner taken into custody—I did not go to the station at all—I had had no conversation with the policeman.





WILLIAM BLEACH
 (City-policeman, 363). On the evening of 26th Oct., I was in St. Paul's-churchyard, and saw the prisoner standing behind a carrier's cart—I watched him about ten minutes—he went towards Watling-street, and I lost sight of him—I saw him again in seven or ten minutes, coming along with several more people, walking close up inside the pavement in St. Paul's-churchyard, from Watling-street—I did not see what he had—I saw the cab turn out to go across the road—immediately I saw the man jump off from the box, and I saw the prisoner with the box on his arm—I have seen the prisoner before—he had a tall man with him, dressed in dark clothes.

ROBERT
BRANFORD (police-sergeant, M 12). I have known the prisoner for some time, and have seen him with a tall man, about five feet ten inches high, nightly before this robbery.





WILLIAM. STANLEY
. I am warehouseman to John Fahhaw Pawson and others. This box was opened in my presence—the property in it is theirs—it is worth about 8l. 15s., and had come by the South-Eastern Railway.

Cross-examined. Q. Had it arrived? A. No, it was on its way ftom Ash-ford, and had come by the luggage-train—no one had gone out of our ware-house to it—the driver of the cart came and told our warehouseman he had two packages for us—the warehouseman did not then go out—the man then found he had only brought one, and two were entered in his book.





JAMES DURRANT

re-examined. I brought the parcel from the Bricklayers' Arms goods station of the South-Eastern Railway—I am employed there to deliver goods—this box was under my charge to deliver.





ROBERT BRANFORD

re-examined. I produce a certificate—(read—George Davis, convicted April, 1845, of burglary, and confined two years)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.

