






482. 




JAMES HURLEY
 and 




SAMUEL CANTELO
 were indicted for

 breaking and entering the warehouse of the 

London Dock Company, and stealing therein 1471bs. of tobacco, value 25l.; and 





MATTHEW CLARK
 and 




WILLIAM JOHNSON



 for procuring, hiring, and commanding them the said felony to do and commit; and that Johnson had been before convicted of felony.



MESSRS. BALLANTINE
and
HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN CLEMENTS
. I am an officer of the London Docks. Between the Western and Eastern Docks there is a small dock, called the Tobacco Dock—between the Western Dock and the Tobacco Dock there is a bridge—a person standing on it can see a shed which is near the Eastern-quay warehouse—there are two cranes near the shed—the roof of the shed is not so high as the warehouse—a person by the cranes could get on the roof of the shed, and then to the top of the warehouse—the eastern side of the Eastern-quay warehouse is bounded by Bird-street, and the wall of the warehouse on the Bird-street side is very steep, and is thirty-five feet high—in going over the roof of the shed to the top of the warehouse there are several lanterns—my attention hat been called to two of them in particular—they shut with a swing sash, which is fastened by a cord—& person outside, by cutting the cord, could get into the warehouse, and they can cut the cord outside—Bird-street and Tent-street meet, and form a right angle near the East-quay warehouse, and there is in that angle a privy, the dome of which is fifteen feet high, and the top of the wall of the Eatt-quay ware-house is ten feet above that—a person could easily get down there by means of a rope or line—there is a lantern on the top there—opposite that there is Johnson-street, which is at right angles with Bird-street—on Saturday morning, the 4th of Dec, I went on the roof of the warehouse, between four and five o'clock—I looked at several of the lantern—I did not find that the cord of any of them was cut then, but between nine and ten I found that a cord of one of them was cut, and near to it I found tome lucifer-matches, some of which appeared to have been tried to be ignited—there was another lantern nearer to Tent-street opposite Johnson-street, the cord of which had been cut—I found some small pieces of leaf tobacco on the roof, in a direction from the lantern which I found open nearest to Tent-street—they had carried the tobacco from there to the light opposite Johnson-street—I went to the angle formed by Bird-street and Tent-street, and found an iron hook fastened in the wall, under the cap-stone—this is the took, and this thimble and rope were attached to it, and the thimble was lying over the edge of the cap-stone, towards the street—I could perceive a cord had been drawn through it, and there were marks on the capitone of the rope having been drawn over that—I examined the tobacco warehouse, and found one hogshead of tobacco, with the head out lying almost immediately under the lantern nearest to Tent-street.





CHARLES NASH
. I am a shoemaker—I live in Old Gravel-lane, at a house kept by Mr. Salter, who is so ill he cannot attend—he keeps the White Lion. On Monday, the 30th of Dec., J saw Johnson and Clark there with Mr. Salter—Mr. Salter told me, in their presence, to take the key, and go to No. 3, Johnson-street, and show them a room that was to let there, which belonged to Mr. Salter—I took them—they looked at an empty garret there—there was no bed in it, and no grate—after that they went back with me to Mr. Salter's—they had asked me if I knew what the room went at per week—they both took a part in asking—about a quarter of an hour after that I delivered the key to Clark, in Johnson's presence—I have seen that key since, produced by Clements, the officer—this is the key I delivered to Clark—they did not tell me what they wanted the room

for—I was present when the prisoner Hurley was apprehended, on Saturday morning, the 4th of Jan., about half-past eight o'clock, and within an hour after that I saw Johnson and Cantelo at No. 3, Johnson-street—they both came together, and went up into the garret—they did not speak, but went away in about two minutes—some tobacco had been removed then from the room.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRAEN. Q. Where do you live? A. At Mr. Salter's, not more than 300 yards from Johnson-street—Cantelo and Johnson passed me on the landing of the house, No. 3, on the Saturday morning—I had not seen them together before—I was examined before the Magistrate on the Thursday following, and what I deposed to was taken down.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. Do you know the house, No. 3, Johnson-street, very well? A. Yes—four families live there—that garret had been vacant for some time, and was always kept locked—I do not know that there have been complaints of bad women going in there with men—I have heard no complaints of the door having been found open in the morning—the persons who live in the house seem very decent sort of people—there are two old widow ladies, but no other single women live there—Mrs. Rorder and her husband live there, and a young man, whose brother is in the Thames-police, has the back room—two of the floors are occupied down stairs, and two up stairs—there are four floors occupied besides the garret—I live at No. 1, Laycorn-place, not more than 100 yards from Johnson-street, but I work at the public-house.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When did you first recollect that you saw Johnson and Cantelo for about two minutes, going up the stair-case on the Saturday morning? A. I recollected it all along, but the question has not been put to me before—I have had no conversation about it with any policeman, or the officers of the Docks till yesterday, when I mentioned it to Mr. Clements.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You said this house had five floors, do you mean five rooms? A. Yes.

Clark. Q. Who paid the deposit when we took the room? A. It was not paid to me—Johnson asked if I knew what the room went at—there were two rooms empty—you said you would prefer the lower room, having a stove in it; but Mr. Salter would not let that without the other—I believe the man who lives in the house belongs to the Humane Society.
----RILEY. I am a watchman in the London Docks, attached to the tobacco warehouse—he bridge between the western dock and the tobacco warehouse is on the north of the East-quay warehouse—I was watching there between two and three o'clock, on the 2nd of Jan.—I saw Clark and Hurley on that bridge, apparently talking to each other—I went towards them—Clark then separated, and went under the shed of the Eastquay, joining to the tobacco warehouse—that is the shed where the two cranes are—Hurley was joined by two other men, and remained on the bridge—I went into the warehouse, and saw no more—I was in the tobacco warehouse, on Friday, the 3rd of Jan., and saw the cords of the lanterns were all safe—they were not cut—I shut the warehouse at four o'clock—they shut the docks about six.

JURY. Q. Are they swing-cranes? A. Yes, the jibs swing over, partly level with the roof of the warehouse—they are swung round for protection—I believe some of the cranes are fastened up—I do not know whether these were—there is no grating over the lanterns.


Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. Do you remember going to an I Clerkenwell Prison? A. Yes, with Clements and Judge—I met the warder of the New Prison—I did not tell him I came to identify Hurley—I said nothing at all to him—he took me into a yard, where there were en I several persons standing in a row—I walked down before them—I looked at them one by one as I passed—I did not shake my head when I came out, that I know of—the warder did not ask if I could identify him—I did not say no—he asked me no questions of the sort—I did not express any doubt while I was looking at them.

Q. Did not one of your companions say in a loud voice, "There is Hurley and Clark?" A. Not a word—I did not bear the warder say, "If you come to identify any one, you can do so; but you must not make any remark"—I swear I did not hear him speak at all—he said no such thing to me—I was not within six or seven yards of him—he might have spoken without my hearing him.

Clark. Q. You had an officer with you; there were fourteen of the prisoners called out; Hurley and I were two of them; you asked which was Hurley and which was Clark? A. I asked where Clark was locked up—I knew you when I saw you—I have known you a long time—I do not know that I ever heard any orders for you not to come into the dock—I did not ask which was Hurley—I did not shake my head, and appear dissatisfied—I have seen you many times at the corner of Denmark-street, Ratcliff-highway, in company with persons who are now transported—I have seen you with Cantelo, drinking porter, or ale—I was not asked by my superior officer to attend at your first examination.

MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. Had you seen Hurley before you saw him on the bridge? A. I have.





JAMES TYLER
. I am gate-keeper at the Wapping-gate of the London Docks. About half-past four o'clock on Friday afternoon, the 3rd of Jan., I saw Clark at the gate, and a man of the description of Hurley—I did not see his face, but, from his dress and stature and everything, I have reason to believe it was him—I hailed them, and asked where they were going—Clark answered he was going on board a craft or lighter; I cannot remember particularly the word—I said, "Who is that other man with you?"—he said, "He is my man"—I then let them pass.

Clark. Q. Are you satisfied it was half-past four o'clock? A. I cannot say exactly; it was after four—you had on a dark dress—you had a coat on—I have seen you often in the dock, but did not know your name—I am not mistaken in the person—it was you—I knew you by sight—you looked like a master-lighterman—you bad a hat and coat on.





JAMES SWINGLAND
. I am a constable of the London Dock. I was there between four and five on Friday afternoon, the 3rd of Jan., and saw Clark under the shed on the east quay, near the tobacco dock—he was going towards the eastern dock—there were two persons before him—I did not take notice of them—I asked Clark where he was going—he said, "On board the Alkmar, lying in the eastern dock," and that he wanted to see a person on board—I told him the ship did not lie in the eastern dock—he said he knew that, but it was too late for him to go out that night, and he was going into the eastern dock—I said he had better walk with me to the principal entrance of the London Dock—he said, "Why should I go that way?"—I said, "It would be as well if you would walk that

way with me"—I took him to the watch-house of the London Docks, and was just about putting the question whether he had anything about him or not, when he said, "Here are two candles which I was about to give you"—I asked if he had anything else about him—he said, "No"—I searched, and found part of a box of lucifer matches on him, and an old key, which he said did not belong to him—I asked why he carried it—he said he did not know—I know Johnson—he was employed in the warehouse No. 3, in the dock—that is not a tobacco-warehouse, but he has been employed in the tobacco-warehouse—I think I have seen Johnson with Clark—the Alkmar was not in the dock then, she had sailed some weeks previous.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. Did you know Hurley? A. Only by sight—I have seen him come out of the gate of the dock, sometimes alone, and sometimes with others.

Clark. I told you I came to see John Wells. Witness. Yes—you were in conversation with two men before you—it is generally your way to talk with people before you, both in the street and other places—you said you were going on board the Alkmar, to see a sailor on board, and you used the man's name—you did not walk behind me when I went to the station; you walked by the side of me—you could not have thrown anything away—I found the box of lucifers about you—I told you to take them out, and you did.

MR. BALLANTINE. Produce the candles and the matches. Witness, These are them—I did not take sufficient notice of the other two men to know whether they were either of the prisoners or not.





SARAH BORDER
. I am the wife of John Border; I live in the first floor front room at No. 3, Johnson-street; there is a garret, and the key of my room opens the garret. On Friday evening, the 3rd of Jan., about eight o'clock, or a few minutes after, I saw Cantelo on the top stairs—there was a man with him, and they were trying the top door—after they tried the door I came out of my rcom, and Cantelo asked if I would lend him my key—he said his sister, or the woman, had given him a wrong key—I said "You can have my key, but I do not know that it will open the door"—I gave him my key—I held the candle in my other hand—he opened the door, and they went into the room—Cantelo came and returned me my key—they remained in the room a little time, and then went down stairs—I was at home the following morning, when Hurley was taken—during the night I had heard footsteps going up and down continually to that room over my head—on the following morning three men came up the stairs as I stood at my door, talking to Nash—they said, as they passed up, "We will go and see how the fire goes on"—I said, as they passed, u That is the man I gave the key to," meaning Cantelo, who was one of them—I think Johnson was one of the others—I do not know which of them spoke about the fire.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. How late did you hear footsteps? A. The first of my waking up was about two o'clock in the morning, and then I heard footsteps going up stairs till half-past four, or a very little after, and I heard something fall heavy—I have lived in that house two years—I left it for eleven months, and while I was away the people moved who had had that garret and another room—the garret was empty about seven weeks after I came back—I never knew of persons taking shelter there—it is always kept locked—I heard a woman and child in the course of the night—I did not see them.


Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. What time did you hear the woman and child? A. Between two and three o'clock—I did not see who was with Cantelo when he applied for the key, but I considered it was a man by the voice—I was examined before the Magistrate—I did not then say I had seen Cantelo and the other man in the morning—females are not in the habit of entering that house late at night—there is myself, and two other aged females in the house—they live down stairs—one of them keeps a mangle, and the other keeps a school—I believe the man who had the garret and the back room was a carman at a soap-maker's—my husband is a labourer in the London Dock.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you hear enough of the voice to know whether it was a man or woman? A. I heard them talk—I considered it was a man.

MR. CLARK. Q. Was there not a room on the same floor with yours? A. Yes, the same persons occupied both the rooms—the back room is taken now—both the rooms were occupied that night.





JOHN WILLIAM JUDGE
. I am an ironmonger, and live with my uncle, who is an inspector of the Thames police, at No. 5, Johnson-street, which runs into Bird-street. At half-past twelve at night, on the 3rd of Jan., I was at the window, and saw two men standing at the corner of Johnson-street and Bird-street—they stood there about five minutes, and then went away—about two o'clock in the morning I saw two men come from No. 3, Johnson-street, which is next door but two—they went towards the dock wall, and were joined by a man and a woman near the wall—I told my uncle—he and I went down after the men, but they were gone—about three o'clock I heard a noise like something falling from the dock wall in Bird-street, at the bottom of Johnson-street—I looked in the direction where something had fallen, and saw a female come from Bird-street and go into No. 3, Johnson-street, and directly after I saw a man go into No. 3—he had something with him—I saw two other men go in there—I did not see any one come out.





JOSHUA JUDGE
. I am a Thames-police inspector. On the morning of the 4th of Jan. my attention was called by my nephew about three o'clock—I saw two men coming from the direction of the docks, and they went into No. 3, Johnson-street—they had bags, with something heavy in them—I saw two men come out, and go towards Old Gravel-lane—I followed them, but did not find them—I continued to watch the house, but did not see anybody else go in—at eight o'clock in the morning I went into the house,' and found Hurley in the garret, lying by a little coal fire which was on the stones—there were seven bags, containing 147lbs. of leaf tobacco near him—I said, "Halloo! where have you got this tobacco from?"—he said, "Let me go, I will tell you who brought it"—he made a great deal of resistance—we were up and down on the floor several times—I secured him and tied bis hands—I found in his pocket this string, some lucifer matches, and a wax taper, which appeared to have been recently lighted—this is the string found in his pocket—I examined some string which was round some of the tobacco-bags, and the strings are exactly alike—I have been shown a piece of string that was fastened round a ring—that corresponds with the string I found in bis pocket, and what was round the bags—I found a piece of line in the room, which corresponds with some on the ring.


Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. Did not Hurley say, "If you will let me go I will take you to the persons that brought me here?" A. No, "the persons that brought the tobacco here"—it is impossible for me to make a mistake—I have been in the police twenty years—Hurley is a waterman—I have seen him on the stairs.

MR. BALLANNTINE. Q. Was his observation in answer to anything you had said about the tobacco? A. Yes; I said, "Halloo! what are you doing? where did you get this tobacco from? or where did you bring it from?"—I have examined the strings myself, and I have not the least doubt that they correspond.





JOHN CLEMENTS

re-examined. Q. Was Clark brought to the watch-bouse to you on the 3rd of Jan.? A. He was—I asked him if the key that was found on him belonged to any place he occupied—he said no, it did not—I asked where he got it from—he said he did not know, he hardly knew why he carried it, and he had two or three more old keys at home—I asked where he got the lucifer matches and candles—he said he bought them at a chandler's shop at the corner of Jobngon-street, Old Gravel-lane, and gave the last penny he had for them—on Monday, the 6th of Jan., I went to Clerkenwell Prison, and saw Clark there—Nash was with me—as soon as we got into the yard where the prisoners are, Clark stepped up to me, and pointing to Nash, he said, "There, Mr. Clements, that person can tell you all about the key"—he then said, "I hope you will let roe have fair play; there has been a good deal said about that key opening certain places at the dock"—I said it did open certain places at the dock—he said it was the key of the room he hired of a publican in Old Gravel-lane, and the room was at No. 3, Johnson-street—I said, "Am I to understand that it was the key of the garret at No. 3, Johnson-street?"—he said it was—I said, "You shall have fair play"—I then went to No. 3, Johnson-street, and found the key fitted the garret door lock—I said to Clark, "When I asked you on Friday where you got the key, you told me you did not know"—he said, "Yes, I was so confused, I did not know what I was saying"—I found some lucifers on the top of the warehouse—I saw the foreman pick up some lucifers under the lantern near Tent-street—here are some lucifers produced by Swingland and by Judge—they all appear to be of the same description—there were four more matches, which were left at the police-court—this is a piece of cord I found on the head of one of the hogsheads of tobacco under the lantern.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. Are you at all acquainted with the process of making lucifers? A. No—I believe they make them by millions at a time—the key is a good deal like a pick-lock key.

Clark. I was taken into custody on account of this key. Witness. I detained you on suspicion—I tried the key, it opened four or more locks of doors at the dock—I am satisfied it has not been used for any improper purpose in the dock—I well knew what you were in the dock for.





BENJAMIN WALKER
. I am a Thames-police inspector. I found a hook in the wall of the dock on Saturday morning, the 4th of Jan.—this is it—it was thrust into the wall—I had left that spot at a quarter before pine o'clock the night before—there was nothing of the kind in the then.





WILLIAM JUDGE
. I am a Thames-police inspector On the evening

of the 8th of Jan. I went to a house in Church-street—I there took Johnson, Cantelo, and a man named Ashton, who was discharged—I told them what I took them for—Johnson said he knew nothing at all about it, and Cantelo said he did not steal any tobacco.





JOHN NEWMAN FRICKER
. I am in the service of the London Dock Company. I know the tobacco in the warehouse where the robbery was committed—I saw the hogshead which was broken weighed before it was broken, and made a memorandum of the weight—it weighed 11cwt. lqr. 15lbs.





RICHARD TWEEDY
. I am foreman of the tobacco warehouse. I weighed the cask which was broken—it was marked "S R O"—I knew the former weight of it, and it was 15lbs., deficient—I have compared the tobacco which has been found with it, and I believe it be the tame at that in the hogshead.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. What is the description of the tobacco? A. It is stripped leaf, of New Orleans growth—I know it by the quality of it, and by the ship it came in—I was present at the landing of it.

Clark's Defence. I went to the dock on Friday afternoon; the gatekeeper did not speak to me; he must be mistaken. I told Swingland I went to see John Mills, and the vessel was at Brewer's Quay not above a week before; he found the matches and candles on me, which I had bought to take home; I was in custody at the time of the robbery, and knew nothing of it for a day or two after. I don't deny taking the room for the purpose of placing my wife and children in it; but I could not have a room without a stove, and I did not occupy it. I did not know what key I had when I was taken, nor know I had any; it might have been the key of the room I was living in. As to Riley having known me a length of time, it is doubtful whether he knew me at all; I have seen him often, but be never spoke to me, and if he had known me as a suspicious character, why has he not spoken to me? he asked the policeman which was Clark, and then he said he had known me, and the same with Hurley; I am satisfied he did not know Hurley; he said he saw us on the bridge on Thursday, and I have a witness who was with me on Thursday afternoon.





RICHARD WYNN
. I live at No. 14, Ann's-place, Lant-street, in the Borough, and am a silk-dyer. I saw Clark at his house, No. 7. Grove-street, Commercial-road, about three o'clock in the afternoon of the 2nd of Jan.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Who subpœnaed you? A. I was not subpoenaed—I came forward to see how things were going on, and to speak as a friend that he was at home on Thursday afternoon—my daughter asked me to come—she is Clark's wife—I was requested to say that I found him at home on the Thursday at three o'clock—I visit my daughter sometimes—Clark and she were living at No. 7, Grove-street—I do not know whether he got tired of his house, but he was talking of moving on the day I was there—he did not tell me where, but he thought of looking out for some other place—I do not know Cantelo, Hurley, nor Johnson.





THOMAS CHENEY
. I am an officer at Nicholson's wharf, Thames-street. I produce a certificate of Johnson's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read—Convicted on the 2nd of Jan., 6th Vict., and sentenced to one year's imprisonment)—he is the person.

(Benjamin Aston, a waterman and lighterman, gave Cantelo a good character.)

HURLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

CANTELO—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

CLARK—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.

JOHNSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.







Transported for Ten Years.

