



76. 




ROBERT WILLIAMS
 was indicted

 for stealing 6 handkerchief's, value 12s., the goods of 



John Watson; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN WATSON
. I live at No. 86, Newgate-street. On the 19th of Nov. I had six handkerchiefs taken from inside my shop—these now produced are them.





RACHEL EAST
. I was in Newgate-street, and saw the prisoner take these handkerchiefs out of the prosecutor's window—he went pant me with them, and the young man went after him—he dropped the handkerchiefs.

Prisoner. Q. Where were you? A. Close to you, against the window—I did not go into the shop—I called the young man—I turned my head to call him, but I did not lose sight of you—he came after you—I did lose sight of you.

COURT. Q. Are you sure he dropped the handkerchiefs? A. I saw him drop them, before Mr. Taylor came up to him—he went across the road in Newgate-street—he walked past me about three yards.

Prisoner, Q. Can you swear it was these handkerchiefs I dropped? A. No.





LUKE BENJAMIN TAYLOR
. I am assistant to Mr. Watson. East gave me information—I went after the prisoner—he was walking, but he ran directly—I took him on the other side ofihe way—these handkerchiefs were brought to the shop by a woman—they are my master's.

Prisoner. Q. Where were you? A. I had just turned my back, going into the shop—I was half in the shop, and half out—you took them while my back was turned to you—of course my attention was drawn to you more than to anybody else—I did not see you drop them.





JOHN ARMSTRONG
 (City police-constable, No. 211.) I took the prisoner—he was charged with stealing the handkerchiefs*—East identified him.

Prisoner's Defence. That female states that she saw me walk down Newgate-street, and cross the street, and the young man did not see me drop the handkerchiefs, which she says she did; if I had dropped them, would he not have seen me as well as her; these handkerchiefs are very common; she cannot swear they are the same; she lost sight of me, and there are hundreds of people walking up and down.
(The prisoner was charged with having been before convicted.)

Prisoner. I plead guilty to that.




GUILTY
.* Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

