






2101. 



WILLIAM SMITH,



 JAMES ELLIOTT,



 CATHERINE OLIVER
, and 




MARY ANN HAMILTON
, were indicted for

 feloniously making 4 counterfeit shillings.


MESSRS. BALLANTINE
and
CARTEEN
conducted the Prosecution.






WIILIAM PENNY
 (police-inspector.) On Tuesday, the 20th of Jane, I accompanied Redman, Farrar, and Fink, to No. 24, Blue-anchor-alley, St. Lake's—the street door was opean—I proceeded to the first floor front room—the door was locked—with Redman's assistance, I forced it open, and on entering found Elliott sitting on the side of a bed, close to the fire, Hamllton sitting on a chair by the fire, close to the window, binding show, and Oliver standing up quite close to a dear fire—Ellott had no coat on, and his shirt sleeves were tucked up—as I entered, Oliver seized a mould from the hob, put it into her mouth, and broke it to pieces, took it out of her mouth, and pot it between her legs, outside her clothes—Redman seized her by the arms—I picked up the pieces of the mould, and produce them—they were hot—I found a cup on the hob containing these eleven counterfeit shillings quite hot—we took the prisoners into custody—about five minutes after, a knock came to the, door—I said no one could come in—the prisoner Smith called out that her was the landlord of the room, and he would be d----d if he would not come in—I immediately went and unlocked the door, laid hold of him by the collar, and said he was the person I wanted—he had a half-quartern loaf, some sugar, coffee, and dripping under his arm—he was searched, and had nothing about him.

ELLIOTT. When they entered the room I was asleep on the bed. Witness. He was sitting on the bed, but was not asleep.





HENRY REDMAN
 (police-constable G 224.) I accompanied Penny to the room—Oliver was standing near the fire-place—I saw her seize a mould from the hob, put it to her mouth, and then between her legs—it broke—I took from the grate two pipes, one of which had got a little fluid metal in it—they were quite hot—I also found two sixpences, a shilling, and a paper with some

plaster-of-Paris in it—I took Elliott and Oliver to the station—Oliver was crying very much—Elliott told her not to fret, that he knew what he should get, he should get from ten to fifteen years, and she would get eighteen months.

Elliott. Q. Was I not asleep when you entered the room? A. No, you were sitting on the foot of the bed.





JOHN FINK
 (police-constable G 47.) I went to the fire-place and took from the left hob this mould for a shilling quite hot—as I was taking Elliott and Smith to the station, some person in the street hallooed out, "Jem, what in the matter?"—Elliott said, "They have got us all to rights, they have got eleven in the trap."





BENJAMIN FARRAR
 (police-constable G 200.) I searched Elliott. I found a counterfeit sixpence in his right hand waistcoat pocket, also two good shillings and a sixpence—I found a file and a pair of scissors in a table drawer—the file had white metal in the teeth—on the shelf, on the right hand of the fire-place, I found a small quantity of plaster-of-Paris powder in a piece of paper—we were all in plain clothes.





ELIZABETH SPILLER
. I am the wife of James Spiller, and live at No. 24, Blue-anchor-alley. On the 9th of June Hamilton and Smith came together and took the room in which they were found—the other two prisoner came about four days after, and they all remained there until the officer came—I received some rent from Hamilton on the Monday before they were taken—I did not see any of them the morning they were taken.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Mint—(examine the articles produced)—here are some pieces of a broken plaster-of-Paris should intended for casting shillings—there are parts of the impression of the shilling on it now—here is an entire mould for casting shillings, having the impression of both sides of a shilling—these eleven shillings are all counterfeit, in an unfinished state, and all, I believe, cast in the last named mould—here if a good shilling, which I believe, from its appearance, and from the mark on the mould, was used to make the mould for the counterfeit shillings—I am confident of that—here is a tobacco-pipe, which has some white metal in the bowl, which appears to have been fused—here is a small piece of white metal corresponding with the counterfeit shillings—it is what is termed a get, which fills up the channel of the mould—a file is used to remove the surplus metal which is now on all the shillings—the scissors may be used to separate the get from the coin—here is some plaster-of-Paris in powder, which is the same sort of substance of which the moulds are formed—here are also three counterfeit sixpences and two good shillings.

Smith's Defence. I was out all the morning; I came home about half-past twelve or one o'clock with the loaf and butter; I did not know the constables were there; I tried to open the door; they asked who was there, I said, "Me;" they asked who I was, I said I belonged to the room; they directly opened the door, caught hold of me, and sent me up against the wainscot with all their force.

Elliott's Defence. On the 20th of June a man came up to me, and asked if would let him turn out a few of these things: I said, "No;" he pressed me very hard, and I consented; he is a returned transport, named William Jones, and had only just come out from twelve months' imprisonment for uttering; he made three, which he intended for himself; he said, "I am going down to buy some thing;" I said, "Bill, I don't like them in my place, take them away at once;" he said, "Will you give me two sixpences for a shilling?" which I did, and it was one of these; I went to sleep, and awoke with the scuffle in the room; I found the officers there, and was secured; Jones is the

man that laid the information against us, and Mr. Powell will tell you the same; he has done it for the reward of 5l. or 6l., which Mr. Powell gives.

Oliver's Defence. I came in with my goods at a quarter to twelve o'clock. I saw the things lying there; I said to Elliott that they had no right there; he said no, a man was coming to take them away directly. I found he did not come, and got up to break them, knowing they had no right there; when the officers came in—I had hardly time to put the basket out of my hands.

Hamilton's Defence. The young man came up, and put these things on the hob, and told us not to touch them. I did not know what they were. I was busy at my work, which I was to finish by six o'clock, and did not touch them; he said, if I meddled with them I should do a great deal of harm.

SMITH—


NOT GUILTY
.

ELLIOTT—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

OLIVER—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

HAMILTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.






Transported for Fifteen Years.

