




945. 




GEORGE THOMPSON
 and 




GEORGE DARRELL
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
11th of Feb., 13 handkerchiefs, value 2l., the goods of 



Margaret Evans and another.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be thirteen yards of silk.






JANE GRIFFITHS
. I am the wife of William Griffiths, and live in Cornhill. I am in partnership with Margaret Evans—about a quarter to two o'clock on Saturday, the 11th, of Feb. the two prisoners came to look at some shawls, and they talked to each other, saying they could get them cheaper at Silver's—there was a bundle of silk handkerchiefs in the window, about twelve pieces—Thompson took two pieces from the middle of them and buttoned them under his coat—I suspected they were thieves, and saw the ravelling of the handkerchiefs—I unbuttoned his coat, took the handkerchiefs, and threw them behind the counter—Darrell came up and knocked me down—I am certain Thompson is the man that took them, and he ran away—our porter followed Thompson, and my partner took hold of Darrell—when our porter caught Thompson in Finch-lane, he said he had only broken a window, but we had no window broken.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where were you when they came in?

A. In the back room—my partner showed them the things—I came out thinking they were thieves—I heard them inquire for the shawls—I was at the door holding Thompson's arm when Darrell put his hand out and threw me down—I cannot say that he doubled his fist—he threw me down by force—a gentleman and Miss Evans came up and collared Darrell, and kept him in the shop—I threw the handkerchiefs behind the counter—these are them—I know they are the same—I put them in the window myself two

minutes before—I never lost sight of them—I put them away behind the counter for the policeman, and gave them to the policeman immediately after.

Cross-examined by
MR. LUCAS. Q. You carry on this business? A. Yes—I am femme seule—my husband has nothing to do with the business—after the prisoners came into the shop I did not leave them to get change—my partner received a 50l. note from a gentleman—I will swear I did not leave the prisoners from the time I came into the shop—Miss Evans was with them for two or three minutes—I went to them because a gentleman came in that had some business with Miss Evans, and I said, "I will attend to these gentlemen"—I first saw Thompson with these handkerchiefs when they hesitated, and said they could get them cheaper at Silver's—that was about two or three minutes after I was with them—I was between the window and the counter—I did not go behind the counter.





RALPH STONE
. I am the prosecutrix's porter. I ran after Thompson, and took him—he said he had only broken a window—there was no window broken.





JAMES COOPER
 (City police-constable, No. 627.) I took Thompson. MICHAEL HAYDN (City police-constable, No. 456.) I got the handkerchief from the lady.

THOMPSON†—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

DARRELL**—


GUILTY
 Aged 25.





Transported for Seven Years.

