



2244. 




WILLIAM WILLIAMS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
20th of August, 1 cart, value 2l. 10s., the goods of 



James Bristow.






JAMES BRISTOW
. The prisoner came to me on the 17th of August, to know if I had a horse for sale—I am a baker, but I have been out of employ for some time, and was obliged to commence general dealer in fruit, and such things—the prisoner came for the purpose of buying a pony I had to sell—he wished to see it tried in harness—I put it in harness, and put my cart to it, and drove him to Woburn-mews, as he directed me—he said he had a new set of harness there, and if it fitted the pony he would have it—I took the pony into a stable there—the harness did fit—he then said he would buy the pony, but he wanted a friend to see it, if I would permit him to have it till ten o'clock next morning—as we were coming out of the stable he said, "You have a nice light cart, lighter than mine," (pointing to a cart which stood there,) "and as you cannot make use of one without the other, perhaps you will allow me the use of that as well as the pony till to-morrow morning, and come and take your money for the pony, and then you can take it away"—I did not object to that—he took me to a public-house, and called for a pen and ink—he had a piece of paper, and he wrote on it, "You hereby agree to sell a bay pony for 4l."—I looked

at it—he said, "You put your signature to that, it is only a matter of form, that you should not make an overcharge to-morrow morning when you come for your money"—I innocently did put my signature to it—I lent him the cart till the next morning—the next morning I went to the stable, and also to an office in Marchmont-street, where he said he would transact the business—I could not find him the whole day—I went to Mr. Braham, who gave me information, and I found the prisoner at a public-house in the Frenchman's Island—I did not interrupt him while he was at supper, but when he came out I said, "I suppose you know what brought me here"—he said, "What?"—I said, "I want to know what you have done with my cart?"—"Your cart, fellow?" says he, "I bought it of you, and have sold it"—I had a young man with me, and said to him, "You are witness to that"—the prisoner said, "You may be witness, and do your best and your worst"—after that he came to some sort of terms—he said, "My good fellow, you shan't lose a farthing by me"—I said, "I want none of your farthings, I want my property; you have got my horse and cart, and put it out of my power to maintain my family"—I met him several times afterwards, with a view to get my pony back, and at last gave him into custody—this is the paper he wrote—(producing it)—here is an addition to it now—I will swear these words, "and cart," were not in it when I signed it—I will swear I did not sell him the cart.

Prisoner. I was about buying the pony, you said you would sell the cart—you took me round to a side of the cart that was broken, and said you could recommend me a man who would put a new side in for 11s. Witness. No, I did not—you said, "Do you want to sell the cart?"—I said, "I don't know, it has been a dear cart to me, I gave 3l., for it, and it cost me 12s. to repair it; and now it wants a new side, which will cost me 11s."





PETER HALDAY
. I am clerk to Mr. George Richards, of Rathbone-place. The prisoner brought the cart that the prosecutor claims to me on the 20th of August, and had an advance of 25s. on it—he represented it as his own property—I had not known him before.

Prisoner. Q. I believe I told you you was not to sell it for less than 4l. 10s.? A. You did, and my reply was, that whatever amount it fetched I should consider it sold, as we advanced money on property intended for immediate sale.

Prisoner. I put a new side to it, and gave it two coats 'of paint—I agreed with the prosecutor that I would pay him on the Wednesday, as the cart was sold on the Tuesday.





JAMES DYER
 (police-sergeant E 2.) The prisoner was brought to the station-house, and showed me the paper, which I showed the prosecutor, who said it was not in the state in which he signed it—the words "and cart" were an addition to it.

Prisoner's Defence. I had no intention of any felony; I agreed to pay 2l. 5s. for the cart, and have a witness to prove it. I asked the prosecutor what he would take for the cart, and he said, "2l. 5s." I said, "Bring down the cart and pony, and I will try and buy them of you." He did so, and showed me that one side of the cart was broken in, and said he would tell me of a man who would mend it for 11s. I sent the cart to my wheelwright's the next day, and as the side was decayed, he put two new plates in, and said, "The best job would be to try to sell it." I took it to Mr. Halday, and told him not to sell it for less than 4l. 10s., meaning

to pay the prosecutor 2l. 5s. I had no intention to defraud him of a shilling. He brought two men to me in a public-house, and asked if I could give him any money; I said I had none, if I could get some the next day I would give him some, but he should be paid on the Wednesday. We then came out of the public-house, and came on to Guildford-street, and then one of the men seized hold of me.





CHARLOTTE KIMPTON
. I keep the Earl Grey beer-shop, in the Chalk-road. The prisoner and the prosecutor came to have a pint of beer at my place—I heard the prisoner say to the prosecutor, "You want to sell your cart, don't you," he said, "Yes"—the prisoner said, "What do you want for it?"—the prosecutor said "50s."—the prisoner said, "Nonsense, I will give you 2l. 5s."—the prosecutor said, "When will you pay for it?" the prisoner said, "To-morrow night you may come to my office, or have it here"—the prisoner lives in Marchmont-street—I do not know him to live there—both the prosecutor and the prisoner are strangers to me—I never went to the prisoner's house—I do not know that he has an office—this conversation was in our tap-room—there were two or three persons there, but I do not know who they were—I did not hear any thing about a horse—when I served them beer and took the money I went about my business—I was subpoenaed to come here by Mr. Huggard—he is a house agent, I think—he lives in Marchmaont-street—I do not know whether he lives with the prisoner—I called at Mr. Huggard's this morning—I saw Mrs. Huggard—there is "House-agent" over the door—I have known Mr. Huggard about six months—I have nothing to do with him, only he comes to our house, and so do the prisoner and the prosecutor—I do not know how the prisoner gets his living—I called for Mrs. Huggard this morning, and she came with me—I did not see Mr. Huggard—I do not know how he came to call for me—I heard the conversation—I said what I heard—I said Mr. Williams bought the cart, but I did not know whether he paid for it.





JAMES BRISTOW

re-examined. I went to the Earl Grey public-house on Wednesday evening, the 19th of August, to know where my property was, but as to what this lady says, it is untrue—I saw the prisoner there at supper—Huggard was in his company, and I asked the prisoner for my cart—he had the cart on Monday, the 17th.

MRS. KIMPTON. This conversation took place on the Monday night.





JAMES BRISTON

re-examined. I was not there on the 17th, I never knew of the Earl Grey public-house till I received information from Braham; if it had not been for that I should not have gone—I was at home the whole evening on the 17th—the agreement about the horse took place in a public-house in Little Guildford-street.





RICHARD HUGGARD
. I am a news-agent and stationer, and live at Nos. 38 and 58, Marchmont-street. I have lived fourteen months at No. 38—the prisoner has a stable in Woburn-mews, which he lets to Mr. Braham at so much per week—I was going up Gray's Inn-lane, and met the prosecutor with the pony in his cart—I asked how long he had had it—he said, "Three or four months," and he bought it at Barnet-fair—I gave him the prisoner's address, and said if he took the pony there it was probable he might meet with a person who would purchase it—I was not present at the sale of the cart—the prosecutor called at my office two or three times, and made use of very bad language to the prisoner, and I told him to take him out.






JAMES BRISTOW

re-examined. I never saw the prisoner in Mr. Huggard's office, he was always denied—Mr. Huggard met me one Friday, and said I had a likely-looking pony, did I want to sell it—I said I had just bought it—I did not say I had had it three or four months—I said I should like to sell it, and he said if I went to Mr. Williams's in Henry-street, I might meet with a customer—I went, and he was not at home, and then he came to me.





JAMES LUETON
. I live in Buckingham-row, Pimlico, and am a carpenter and builder. On the night the prisoner was taken I happened to be present at the Red Lion public-house, in Guildford-street—Williams and Bristow were there—they were talking about the cart—I went with them to another public-house to make arrangements—I was asked to do so by the prisoner—I had been doing some work for him, and I expected to be paid that night—I heard the prisoner say to the prosecutor he should be able to pay him the money for his cart on Wednesday, according to their agreement; and after that the prisoner was given in charge for the cart—I believe the prisoner is a painter, but I have not known him above six months—I have known Mr. Huggard six or seven months—I had a house in Mitre-court, Fleet-street, to sell, and Mr. Huggard's father-in-law, Mr. Dudley, said, "I think my son-in-law will buy it,"—I had it about seven years, and sold it to Mr. Huggard.





ANN HUGGARD
. I am the wife of Richard Huggard. He is the prisoner's brother by two fathers—the prisoner has had an excellent character—I knew him some years before my marriage—I have been married four years—my husband is a news-agent and a house-agent—he buys a good deal of property—I do not know whether he has a house in the neighbourhood of Fleet-street—he does not tell me every thing.
(John Quick, a map-mounter and print-colourer, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.
