






2153. 




SAMUEL BAKER,


 SAMUEL TITE,



 WALTER TITE
, and 



THOMAS TIPPITT
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
21st of July, 2 casks, value 4s., and 448 lbs. of tallow, value 10l., the goods of 



John Wyatt.


MR. ESPINASSE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM EDWARD ROWE
. I am in the employ of Mr. Wyatt, who has premises in Johnson-street, Old Gravel-lane. On the 20th of July he received two puncheons and an oil hogshead of tallow from Mr. Knight—it was town tallow—I saw it safe on the premises at eight o'clock on the evening of the 20th when I left the premises—on the following morning I found the cask had been cut into, and from 4 to 4 1/2 cwt. gone, the space of the 4 1/2 cwt., was filled up with rubbish, and some tallow melted and put over it—I missed a 2 cwt. and a 3 cwt. cask—one of them was iron bound and chalked—they were oil casks—the prisoner Baker had been in Mr. Wyatt's employ—I know Samuel Tite—he has sold oil and gully to Mr. Wyatt at different times, and has been on the premises for that purpose—we lost a key of the factory three or four months ago—Baker was in our employ at that time.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was Baker in your employ at the time of the robbery? A. No—he had left about a month.

COURT. Q. Where was the tallow? A. In the ware-house—that ware-house could be got into by means of the key that was lost, or a false key—I did not find it had been broken open.

MR. ESPINASSE. Q. On the morning you missed the tallow, did you find any aprons? A. No—two days after I went to put on a clean apron, and found three of my own aprons dirtied by somebody else—I had washed them the Saturday previous.





DANIEL DERRIG
. I am a police-sergeant. On the 21st of July, I was passing down Old Gravel-lane, about half-past four o'clock in the morning, and saw two persons with a truck—there were two trucks, and in one there appeared to be something, and a coarse sack thrown over it carelessly—I turned round as they passed me, and looked after them—it did not appear to me to be any thing very bulky—it did not appear the size of 4 cwt. of tallow—the men were dressed in dirty fustian clothes, as it appeared to me—they were coming in a direction from Johnson-street, and were 300 or 400 yards from it—to the best of my belief the two Tites were the men.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. You did not speak to them? A. No—they passed me as I was on the pavement—they both had hold of the first truck, and the second was hooked on to it.





MARY ANN LAVER
. I am the wife of Benjamin Laver, and live on Chiswell-hill. On the 21st of July, at half-past seven o'clock in the morning, the prisoner Baker came to hire a truck—he hired it, and had it two hours and a half—he then brought it back, and paid 7 1/2 d.—there had been grease in it before, but when he brought it lack there appeared to be more grease than before—it appeared plainer and fresher—it is a close-bodied truck—not covered, but with sides to it—he returned it at ten minutes to ten o'clock—I saw nobody with him either time.






CHARLES TRIPP
. I am a tallow-chandler, and live in Rosemary-lane. On the 21st of July two persons brought a truck to my house at ten minutes to eight o'clock, with two casks of tallow in it—I could not swear to the men—I have no belief as to who they were—one was an oil-cask, and the other a runlet iron bound, and chalked, as if it had been fresh coopered—there was a sack over one—they asked if I bought ship's-fat—I went to the door, and looked at it—the oil-cask was turned bottom upwards—I said, were they both alike?—they said they were—it had the appearance of ship's fat—it was dirtied and messed—I asked what they wanted—they said about 30s. a cwt.—I ordered it in to be weighed, which was done—it weighed 4 3/4cwt.—I then ordered it into the melting-house, and followed, my men put a spade in to cut it out, and I instantly discovered that it was town-tallow, and it was warm—30s. is a fair price for ship's fat—town tallow would be 50s. 6d., but this was made dirty—I immediately said, "This is town-tallow, and not what you represent it to be, and I won't buy it"—one of them said, so help him, Jesus Christ, it was ship's fat—I turned it out, and said I would not buy it under any consideration, because I thought it was stolen—I unlocked the gates, and they directly took it away, and said they must find another market for it.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. How long were they there? A. I should think ten minutes was the furthest—Noble is my man.





JAMES NOBLE
. I am in Mr. Tripp's employ. I recollect the men coming with the tallow, on the 21st of July—I can swear to Baker being one of them—I do not know either of the others.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. How soon did you see Baker again? A. When I went to the Thames-police, about three weeks ago—I am more certain of him now—I know he is the man.

COURT. Q. Why are you more certain now than you were then? You were not then positive he was the man. A. No, I thought he was the man, but was not positive—I do not recollect their dresses.





GEORGE LAVER
. I am the son of Mrs. Laver, who has been examined. I was going to school on the 21st of July, about half-past seven o'clock in the morning, and saw my father's truck in Pennington-street—Baker had it—there was nobody with him when he took it from my father's door—I saw it go from my father's, and as I was going to school, I saw it in Old Gravel-lane—Walter Tite came out somewhere in Pennington-street, with it, and Baker was with him—they took it towards Johnson-street—they hath ran down Old Gravel-lane—there was nothing in the truck—they were both in greasy fustian coats.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Has your father's truck got his name on it? A. Yes, in large letters, so that any one could read it.





JAMES FOGG
. I am inspector of the Thames-police. I know the two Tites—I saw them on the 21st of July, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, at Tripp's, and a third man was with them, who is not here—they had nothing with them then—I did not see the truck—they were dressed in dirty fustian greasy clothes.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Is not one of the Tite's a green-grocer? A. Walter keeps a little greengrocer's shop—I was at Tripp's door, and saw them about there for an hour, but I knew nothing of the robbery then.





LAURENCE FELL
. I keep the White Hart public-house, in Pennington-street. I have seen Samuel Tite at my house once or twice—I recollect

seeing him about four weeks ago—I heard of the tallow being stolen, and believe it was that morning—he came into my house alone, and one came two or three minutes after him, and they had refreshment—two men after-wards came with a truck or wheelbarrow, but I took very little notice of it as my door was half closed—those two men were in company with Samuel Tite before they left my house—it was before my breakfast, between seven and eight o'clock—the two men were dressed in white smock-frocks—I have looked at the prisoners, and believe the two prisoners, Walter Tite and Tippitt are the two men—I do not recollect any other man coming in while they were at my house—I do not recollect any conversation between any body besides them—I do not believe there was a man in the tap-room before they came in.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Had you ever seen Samuel Tite in your house before? A. I think about half a dozen times before—I cannot say that this was on the morning the tallow was lost—I understand so—Samuel Tite came in alone—another man came in after him, and then two more—I saw a cart or wheelbarrow before the door—the two men who came in last brought that—after they had been in a few minutes two or three more came in, strangers, who had baskets—they were men on their business—there are a good many people call at our house from the Docks.

Cross-examined by Mr. JONES. Q. Have you ever before to-day said you believed Tippitt was the man? A. I believe so—I think I said so at the office—I should not like to swear it—to the best of my knowledge I said so before the Magistrate—I do not think they were more than five or six minutes in my house that morning.





RICHARD CRUTCHLEY
. I keep a beer-shop in Bacon's-place, Old Gravel-lane. I know Tippitt—he came to my house on Monday evening, the 20th of July, about eight o'clock—I saw nobody in his company—he had one pot of ale, which he paid 6d. for—I did not see any one in his company in particular—the following morning, at ten minutes before seven o'clock, he came to me, and said, had the party been there that morning that was with him the overnight?—I said, "I do not know what party was with you over night"—he said, "I was to meet the party at six o'clock this morning"—I said, "The party could not be here, as I have just now opened my shop"—I did not get up till a quarter to seven o'clock—he said he had overlaid himself—he had half-a-pint of ale, and went away—he had a white smock-frock on, which came down to his loins, and a light dress.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. How long had you known him? A. He came now and then to my house, but had not been for five or six weeks—he was dressed rather cleaner than usual—he said he had been ill with his foot.





ROBERT ROGERS
. I keep the Red Lion public-house, in Old Gravel-lane—I know all the prisoners. On the night of the 20th of July I saw Samuel Tite and Baker there with others, who I did not notice—it was about half-past seven o'clock when I first saw them—they went out during the evening, and came in again—while they were there I supplied them with beer and bread and cheese, and I was asked for a newspaper—I gave it to somebody to give them, and the observation was made after they had got it, "we only want to look at the price of tallow"—I cannot say who made that observation, as I was in my bar—I cannot say that I saw either of the prisoners with the newspaper—there were other persons in the room besides them.






THOMAS SQUIRE
. I am a policeman. On the 21st of July, in consequence of information, I went to a coffee-shop in Rosemary-lane, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, and found all the prisoners there taking coffee—I did not observe any one else there—I asked the two Tites if their name was Tite—they said it was—I then asked Tippitt if he was a soap-boiler—he said he was—I turned round to Baker, and asked him if his name was Brown or Baker—he said it was Baker—I then told them I wanted them on suspicion of stealing some fat from Johnson-street—the two Tite's and Tippitt said, "I know nothing about it"—Baker turned round, and said, "I know nothing of the other three prisoners, I have merely just stepped in to have a cup of tea"—I took them to the station-house—on Samuel Tite I found 12s. 1d., on Walter 1l. 8s. 6d., and on Tippitt 3d.—he said it was all he had, but his hand was closed, and on opening it I found 13s. 6d. more—I searched them more minutely afterwards, and Walter Tite gave me 4l. 8s. 6d., and on Baker I found 13s. twisted up in his fob pocket.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Besides the money which Walter Tite gave you up, did you find a Loan Society book on him? A. Yes, I have it here—nothing was said about it when it was found—it contains entries of money lent about five months ago—it is an entry of money paid in after having borrowed money—there is a payment of 2s. on the 5th of July.





WILLIAM MAJOR
. I am in the employ of Mr. Knight, a tallowmelter, in York-place, Old Gravel-lane. On the 18th of July I packed two puncheons and a hogshead of town tallow for Mr. Wyatt—it would retain warmth in the middle four or five days, in the-state of the weather at that time.
(Martha Farrell, and Thomas Bedford, composition ornament maker, deposed to the good character of Baker; and Jane Friar, lodging-housekeeper; and John Ayliff, dyer, Hoxton Old-town, to that of Walter Tite.)

BAKER—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.
S. TITE—


NOT GUILTY
.
W. TITE*—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.

TIPPITT—


NOT GUILTY
.
