




2012. 




JAMES RICE
 and 




JOHN HUGHES
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
19th of August, 2 pints of a certain medicine called concentrated compound decoction of sarsaparilla, value 1l. 6s.; and 8 glass bottles, value 2s.; the goods of 



William Henry Sutton and another, their masters: to which.


HUGHES pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 55.—


Transported for Seven Years.

MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE JONES
. I am managing clerk to William Henry Sutton and another, patent medicine dealers, in Bow churchyard. On Wednesday evening, the 18th of August, some medicine being missed, I marked sixty-five bottles of preparation of decoction of sarsaparilla, and placed them in a box out of which I had taken them, and put it in the cellar—they were in bottles and papers like these—(looking at some)—Rice was a porter in the service—the box was not locked—Rice had access to the house and cellar—neither of these sixty-five bottles could have been sold without my knowing it—these produced are eight of the sixty-five I marked on that evening.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Where is the cellar? A.


Under the floor of the warehouse—I think there are twelve people in the prosecutors' employ—the cellar was not locked, nor the box—Mr. Collins and Lacy were present when I placed the box in the cellar.





WILLIAM COLLINS
. I am warehouseman in the service of the prosecutors. I saw Mr. Jones mark sixty-five packages—these are eight of them—on the evening of the next day, Thursday, the 19th, the prisoner was at the house as porter—his usual time of going to tea was five o'clock—I saw him go to tea on the Thursday—as soon as he was gone I went into the cellar, and looked at the packages—there were only fifty-seven there, and eight were gone—I should say these are eight of those put in the box.





JOHN ROE
. I am an officer of the City. In consequence of information, about five o'clock on Thursday, the 19th, I watched the back of the prosecutors' premises—I did not see Rice come out of the warehouse—I saw him at the top of Bow-lane, about forty yards off—he crossed to Lawrence-lane, and went up to Blossom's inn gateway, where there is a public-house, and I lost sight of him for five or six minutes—when he came back Hughes was in his company—they turned out of the gateway, and on the left hand there is a court which goes into Milk-street from Lawrence-lane—they went up there together—I ran round Milk-street, and came up the court—they were just entering a dark court called Mumford-court, which goes under a house—I passed them, and returned in about a quarter of a minute—as they stood in the court one said to the other, "We must have a drop of something"—I ran to Lawrence-lane, and saw Hughes in company with a young woman—I followed them to the end of Moorgate-street, where he put the young woman into an omnibus—I followed him—as he was coming back I felt his pockets, and felt something in both of them—I took him by the arm, and said, "What have you got here, you have got something weighty?"—he said, "No, I have not, who are you?" —I found three of these packages in each of his two hind pockets, and two in his waistcoat, making these eight—I after that took Rice at the warehouse—I asked him for the key of his lodging—he referred me to his sister—I went to the place where he told me, and his sister turned out to be the woman I saw go with Hughes to the omnibus.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you search Rice's lodging? A. I did, and found nothing against him.





WILLIAM COLLINS

re-examined. I should say Rice's sister could not have access to the cellar.





GEORGE JONES

re-examined. The sister could not have access to the cellar.
(Henry Harris Fox, upholsterer, Red Lion-street; Thomas Dunnage, lead merchant, Clapham;—Kennis, proctor's clerk; James Riley, publican, Coppice-row; William Francis Harrison, West Drayton; and—Hiscock, traveller; gave Rice a good character. Charles Lane, horse-hair manufacturer, Earl-street, Finsbury; James Riley, publican, Coppice-row; William Francis Harrison, West Drayton;—Bismore, silver-smith, Coppice-row; and Joseph Winter, furrier, Great Sutton-street; gave and Hughes a good character.

RICE—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.
