






2405. 




SAMUEL JOHNSON,



 THOMAS STEVENS
, and 




THOMAS M'FELL
, were indicted for

 a robbery, together, on 



Ellen Judge, and stealing from her person and against her will 2 shillings, 3 sixpences, and 12 pence, the moneys of 



John Judge; Johnson having been before convicted of felony.


MR. BALDWIN
conducted the Prosecution.






ELLEN JUDGE.
 I am the wife of John Judge, of 14, Jeffries-buildings, New Tothill-street, Westminster. On Sunday, the 3rd of the Oct., about half-past one in the night, the three prisoners came to the door and asked me if John Judge was at home—I said he was not—they forced me from the door, and said they would b—y well see what they could do—Johnson hit me in the side of the face, and put out the light—I had an opportunity of seeing their faces before the light was put out—the prisoners are the same men—when the light was out, M'Fell kicked me several times, against the stairs, and put his hand into my pocket three several times and pulled out 4s., two or three six pences, and sixpence in halfpence—I know what I had in my pocket—I screamed out "Robbery!" and "Murder!"—I made my escape into the parlour—my husband was inside—he shut the door—they burst it open, and put out the light that was inside—my husband ran out at the door, and screamed "Murder!"—they all three ran out, and the policeman came—I could see them by the light of the fire—I am sure that M'Fell is the man who kicked me—i have been under a doctor since, and I am sure that M'Fell is the man who kicked me—I have been under a doctor since, and I am seven months in the family way.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. How do you get your living? A. My husband goes to Covent-garden—my house is not a house of accommodation for men and women, it is a lodging-house—I let the bends by the night, not by the half-hour—Jeffries-buildings leads into the Almonry and into New Tothill-street—common prostitutes do not come and bring men to my house continually—I let my beds by the night—I have but two to let—there are no sofas—I never saw the prisoners before—I told them my husband was not at home, but he was inside the parlour door, looking at them—the door was half open—I have lived in the house for nearly six years—my children are ten, and six years old—they were all screaming when this happened—I am not mistaken as to the prisoners—I had plenty of light to see them by—they were there altogether about ten minutes—I saw Johnson and Stevens again the same night—they were taken by the description I and my husband gave—M'Fell was not taken for a week—I had plenty of light to see him. Johnson. Q. Can you swear it was me in the passage? A. Yes, you hit me in the side of the face, and put out the light, and M'Fell is the person that kicked me against the parlour door—if my husband had not appeared, I think I should have been murdered.





JOHN JUDGE.
 I am the husband of the last witness—on the night of the 3rd of Oct. the three prisoners came to my door and inquired if I was at hours—my wife answered, "No, he is not at home"—I was in the parlour at the time—the parlour door was open, and there was a light in the passage—when my wife denied me they crushed her from the door, and put her into the passage, and then Johnson struck her with right hand on the jaw—the light was put out before he struck her, but there was a light on the parlour table, which was convenient to the passage—M'Fell took hold of my wife, hit her against the stairs, and took 4s. out of her pocket—she called to me that she was robbed and murdered—I got her into the parlour in the best manner I could and shut the door—they broke open the parlour door upon me and out the

light I had on the table, but I had a splendid fire, and I identified them from the fire—I saw them both in the parlour and passage—on my solemn oath they are the three persons.

Cross-examined. Q. Where were you when you first heard anything? A. In the parlour—if I had made my appearance, they would have killed me—there were three of them, and there were three children in bed in the parlour to take care of, they were frightened—I am an Irishman—I thought they were suspicious characters—I had never seen them before to my knowledge—I could not interfere to prevent my wife being robbed, as I had the baby in my arms—I could not have laid it down, it might have fallen out of bed—I have only three beds, and I let them to the best advantage I can—there is plenty of property in the Almonry belonging to the Dean of Westminster—he gets plenty out of it—he lets plenty of houses out for accommodation.

COURT.
Q. Do you think it is the Dean, or the lessee that does it? A. The property is his—I do not know whether the lessee derives the benefit from it.

MR. PAYNE.
Q. Do you mean to swear that your house is not one of them? A. It is not—it is a lodging-house—I do not know that women of the town come there constantly with men—when people come for a bed I accommodate them for a night—the door is not left open for people to come in as they like—you must knock at the door—the money for the night's lodging is paid to my wife, I believe in the morning—I do not receive it—she keeps it all.

MR. BALDWIN.
Q. How long did this last? A. About five minutes.





CHARLES BEAR
 (policeman, B 230.) On the morning of the 3rd of Oct., about a quarter to one o'clock, I was on duty in Jeffries-buildings, and saw the prisoners there—I knew them—I passed by them at first, and ordered them on—they appeared as if they went on—I passed by them, and in a about five minutes I heard a cry of "Police!"—I went back, and the prisoners were then gone—I am sure the parties that I saw there at that time were the three prisoners.

Cross-examined. Q How many minutes had you seen them? A. Five or six—they went down into the Almonry from Jeffries-buildings—I am quite sure they are the three I saw—I know Judge's house—it is a lodging-house—I cannot say whether it is a house of accommodation—I have only been on the beat a short time—Tappin has been on it longer that I—I have seen people go in—I did not take particular notice whether they were prostitutes—I was only on the beat five of six times—I cannot swear that I have seen women of the town go in there.





CHARLES TAPPIN
 (policeman) On the 3rd of Oct., I apprehended Johnson and Stevens—I was present at their examination—Johnson made a statement which was taken down—I do not know Mr. Broderip's writing.

Cross-examined Q. How long have you been on the beat? A. Some time—Judge's house is a lodging-house—I have not seen prostitutes and men go there—sometimes I have seen men go in, and women too—I have not seen prostitutes go there to my knowledge—the Almonry is full of prostitutes, but I think there is no brotbel in Jeffries-buildings—I am only on the beat occasionally.





MR. WILLIAM WADHAM COPE.
 I know this to be Mr. Broderip's writing—( read)—"The prisoner Johnson say, 'They have given a false statement altogether, for I know the parties who did do it; I was in company with them on Sunday, and they told me what they had done on Saturday night; the policeman came to me; I can state the names of the parties; the constable knows them well.'—The prisoner M'Fell, says, 'I am innocent.'—The

prisoner Stevens, says, 'I am innocent; I don't know what I could do in such a case as this."

Johnson's Defence. On the 3rd of Oct., I was at the Nag's Head, in Tothill-street. A person was talking to me about what had been done on the Saturday night previous—in five minutes the policeman tapped me on the shoulder, and asked me to go to the prosecutrix's house—when we got there she said we had kicked her, and robbed her—we went to the station, and she gave us in charge.

Stevens' Defence. I was drinking with two or three more young men; the policeman came in and took us.





GEORGE WESTON
 (policeman, 19 E.) I produce a certificate of Johnson's former conviction—(read—Convicted May, 1846, and confined one year)—I am sure he is the person so tried and convicted.
John Hawker, carpenter, Westminster, gave M'Fell a good character.

JOHNSON—


GUILTY. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.


STEVENS—


GUILTY. Aged 16.—



Confined One Year.


M'FELL—


GUILTY. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Year.

