



2292. 




GEORGE HOMAR
 was indicted

 for stealing 38 1/2 lbs. weight of bacon, value 1l. 10s.; the goods of 



Edmund Ronalds; having been before convicted of felony.






JOSEPH DOCKERILL.
 I am warehouseman to Mr. Edmund Ronalds, of 109, Upper Thames-street. On the 19th of Aug. there was a quantity of bacon at the warehouse, placed next a window leading to Old Swan-pier—the policeman gave information, and I missed some—I have seen this (produced), and have no doubt of its being my master's—it is of the same shilling—there is no mark on it—there was room to take it out between the bars of the window.





GEORGE NICOLL
 (policeman, H 99.) On the 19th of Aug. I saw the prisoner and Jackson, who was tried last Sessions (see page 937)—Jackson had a bag on his back—they saw me, and went down a turning—I took him with the bag which contained this bacon—I told another constable to take the prisoner, but he escaped—I am quite sure he is the person who was with Jackson—I was near enough to see him—he ran away.

Prisoner. I know nothing at all about the bacon; there are plenty of policeman know where I lived; I was no further off than Tower-hill. Witness. We went everywhere after the prisoner, night and day—he went away into the country.





JOSEPH BRAY
 (policeman, H 43.) On the morning of the 19th of Aug. I was with Nicoll, and saw the prisoner and Jackson together—I am positive the prisoner is the person—I pursued him, and said, "Homar, it is no use, if we don't have you now we shall another time."

Prisoner. He was not acquainted with me. Witness. Yes, I have seen him in Rosemary-lane with his two brothers, and his gang—I have seen him at Denmark-street station—I went dozens of time to his place, and could not find him.

Prisoner's Defence. I was coming home from work; the policeman said, "What is your name?" I said, "George Homar;" he said, "I want you for being with another chap taken for stealing bacon;" I said, "I know nothing about it.





JOSEPH SHAIN
 (Thames policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction on Jackson's trial at last Sessions—the prisoner was tried with Jackson—I have not seen the certificate since.




GUILTY
, but not of the previous conviction. Aged 18.




Transported for Seven Years.

