



631. 




WILLIAM CALPE, alias
 Smith, alias
 Capp,

 was indicted

 for feloniously and knowingly uttering, on the 
5th of January, 1 counterfeit shilling to 



Sarah James, having been previously convicted of uttering counterfeit coin.


MESSRS. ELLIS
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.
CALEB EDWARD POWELL. I am assistant solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of William Capp in this Court, in April 1837—I have examined it with the record—it is correct—(read.)





WILLIAM M'DONNELL
 (police-constable N 31.) I was in attendance at this Court in April 1837, when Capp was convicted of uttering counterfeit coin—I am quite certain the prisoner is that person.

Prisoner. He said at the Mansion-house he did not know whether it was me. Witness. There was another person called into the dock first—I said that was not him—the moment the prisoner came out I said, "That is him."





SARAH JAMES
. I am the wife of George James, victualler, at No. 78, Aldgate. On Wednesday, the 5th of January, a little before eleven o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came to our bar for a pennyworth of gin—I served him—he gave me a shilling—I saw it was bad, and returned it to him, saying it was bad; had he no more money about him?—he then gave me a good one—my husband took the first shilling—I am certain it was the one he gave me, and he was taken into custody.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you give it to your niece at the tap to look at, and did not she rub it on her thumb, and put it on the shelf? A. No—it never went from my hand, but to my husband, who gave it out of his hand to the policeman—it was never on the shelf.





GEORGE JAMES
. I am the witness's husband. I received this shilling from her, and gave it the policeman, Cook, who marked it, in my presence—I am sure I gave him the one my wife gave me—it was never out of my sight—it was given him while the prisoner was there.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you take it off the shelf? A. No—it was never out of my sight—I took it from my wife's hand—I took nothing off the shelf.





THOMAS COOK
. I am a policeman. On the 5th of January I was called into the house by James, and took the prisoner—James gave me the shilling, which I produce—I marked it, by cutting a notch in it, and bit it with my teeth.





EUPHEMIA REBECCA BROMLEY GOODWIN
. I am the daughter of Robert Goodwin, who keeps a public-house in Upper Thamas-street. On the

21st of December, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came and asked for half-a-pint of porter—I served him—he gave me a shilling—I kept it in my hand, and gave him change—when I looked at it, I told him it was a bad one—he said he did not know it, and gave me a good one—I returned him the bad one—I took sufficient notice of it to know it was bad.

Prisoner. She put into the till, while I lighted my pipe, and drank my beer. Witness. I did not—I kept it in my hand.





FREDERICK ISAAC BROWN
. I am a cheesemonger, and live in Cannon-street, City. On the 21st of December, about a quarter to ten o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came to my shop, which is about a quarter of an hour's walk from Goodwin's—he asked for a rasher of bacon, which came to 1 1/2 d.—I served him—he gave me a shilling, which I took to the window, and found it was counterfeit—I asked him where he got it—he said he took it at a house in Ratcliffe-highway the evening previous—I said I thought it was bad—he said he was not aware that it was bad—he then left the shop—I kept the shilling in my possession—Crane, a policeman, came up in about a minute—I gave him the shilling, and sent him after the prisoner—he followed, and brought him back—I am sure I gave Crane the same shilling as I received from the prisoner—he was taken before a Magistrate the same morning, remanded till Thursday, and then discharged.





EDWARD CRANK
. I am a City policeman. On the 21st of December I was near Brown's house—in consequence of what I heard, I took the prisoner in charge—he had got about ten yards from Brown's door—I received a shilling from Brown, which I produce—I marked it, and am sure it is the same—the prisoner gave the name of William Smith, and gave me a good shilling—he was searched, but nothing found on him, no halfpence.

Prisoner. He never marked the money till the evidence was taken at the Mansion-house. Witness. I marked it when I first received it.





CALEB EDWARD POWELL

re-examined. I am acquainted with bad money—the two shillings produced are both counterfeit.

Prisoner. I am a very poor man, with a wife and three children, literally starring; I hope you will have mercy on me.




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Cresswell.

