




133. 




THOMAS HAYCOCK
 and 




WILLIAM BLACKMORE
, were indicted for

 a robbery on 



James Batt, and stealing from his person 2s., and 7 pence, his moneys: Haycock having been before convicted.
MR. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES BATT
. I am a baker of Peter-street. On Saturday night, 10th Nov., I met two women near Westminster Abbey, and went with them to a house in one of the streets near there—we went in the bottom room—as soon as we got in, Haycock knocked at the door, and was let in by one of

the women—he wanted the money for the room—I told him I had no money about me—he knocked me down, and I knocked him down—Black-more then came in, and Haycock drew a knife, and said he would either have my money or my life—I told him I had no money—he then knocked me down, and Blackmore held me down while Haycock robbed me of two shillings and sevenpence in coppers, in a purse, from my trowsers-pocket—they went towards the light and took the purse with them, and while they were looking at it I went away—Blackmore followed me, and said he would be b—if he would not catch me again—I got away, and saw no more of them that night—on Sunday night I saw Haycock in custody of a policeman—I identified him—I knew him at once—I am sure he is the man, and Black-more is the other.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRBNDERGAST, JUN. Q. Had you any money that night? A. Yes—26s. and 7d. in copper—I left home about eight o'clock, and this happened about ten—I did not go to a public-house that night; I went to my sister's, I had nothing to drink there—I had nothing to drink between eight and ten o'clock—the women began talking to me first—they asked me several times to go home with them—I told them I did not want to go to any house particularly—I come from Tetbury in the west of England—when I was going with the women I took this money out of my trowsers' pocket and put it in my watch pocket—I did not know but that I had put it all in—I was not in the room with the women half a minute—I had the. ther 24s. in my watch pocket—I did not know about money for the room—I did not know the habits of these women.





WILLIAM NOWLAN
 (policeman, B 56). I took Haycock on the Sunday night, at 19, St. Ann-street—I told him he was charged with stealing 2s. 7d. from a man, and threatening his life—he said he knew nothing about it—in going to the station I met Batt—he said," That is the man that took the purse from my pocket and drew a knife"—I produce a certificate of Haycock's conviction—(read—Convicted Sept., 1848, and confined six months)—he is the man.

HAYCOCK—


GUILTY
. † Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.


BLACKMORE—


GUILTY
.* Aged 20.—



Confined Eighteen Months.

