



1695. 




DAVID BOYD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of May, at 


St. John, Southwark, 10 watches, value 8l.; 2 watch-cases, 1l.; 1 timepiece, 12s.; 1 coat, 15s.; 1 handkerchief, 2s. 6d.; 10 seals, 4l.; 10 watchkeys, 2l. 10s.; 3 split rings, 12s.; 4 watch-chains, 4s.; and 2 watch-guards, 4s.; the goods of 



Samuel Nicholas, in his dwelling-house.






MARIA DANIELS
. I am the wife of John Daniels, and lodge at the house of Mr. Nicholas. Last Sunday morning I awoke between six and seven o'clock,

and saw my door open—I then looked on the floor, and saw him—his head was under the bed—I jumped out of bed, took hold of the prisoner by the collar, and asked what he was doing there—he said he had been there all night—I gave an alarm, Mr. Nicholas came and took him till a policeman came—I went down into the yard, and found the back-door open—I found a bundle in a washing-tub there—I gave it to Mr. Nicholas.





SAMUEL NICHOLAS
. I am a watch and clock maker, and live in Tooley-street, in the parish of St. John, Southwark. I fastened up my house at night, and went to bed a little before twelve o'clock—I was called in the morning, between six and seven, by Mrs. Daniels—I came down, and found the prisoner in her room, on his knees—I took charge of him, and sent for a policeman, who came, searched him in my presence, and produced several gold keys and gold seals, and various other things, which I knew to be say property—the bundle which Mrs. Daniels produced was opened in my presence, and contained a coat, ten watches, and other property—the value of all the property is 20l. or more—the house was not broken into—I suppose he must have secreted himself in the shop over night—all the property now produced is mine, and was in my shop the night before.





DANIEL CARROLL
. I am a policeman. These things have been in my care ever since.

Prisoner's Defence. I was walking down Tooley-street; I had no place to sleep in; I saw the door of this house open, and went in, having nowhere to go.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Recorder.

