



1876. 




JOHN ROBERTSON


alias HENRY ROBERTS
, was indicted for

 feloniously uttering counterfeit coin, having been before convicted. 


MESSRS. RYLAND
and
LAURIE
conducted the Prosecution.




THOMAS PEARSON
. I am a clerk in the City solicitor's office. I produce

a copy of the record of the conviction of a person named Robertson, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—I examined it with the original, it is a true copy—(read—"Convicted on his own confession in Dec, 1846; confined four months.")





WILLIAM NOAKES
 (policeman, M 104). I was present in Dec. 1846, when the prisoner was tried here with two others for passing two counterfeit half-sovereigns—I think he was found guilty by the Jury—he is the man—he was tried by the name of John Robertson—I did not know him before—I have seen him since—I saw him in custody at the Thames police-station, and I followed him one night for three or four hours with two others.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. This case is not prosecuted by the Mint, I believe? A. No.





SOPHIA BESSINGTHWAITE
. I assist my aunt, Mrs. Huggins, a tobacconist, of 105, Bishopsgate-street. On Friday evening, 21st Sept, the prisoner came for half an ounce of tobacco—it came to three—theyhalfpence—he tendered a half-sovereign in payment—I stood it on one side, and asked my aunt for change—she laid the change on the counter—the prisoner then asked me if the tobacco was Maryland—I said it was not, that that was 2 1/2 d.—he said then he would not take it, as it was for a gentleman outside, and he never paid more than three-halfpence—he said he would have his half-sovereign back again—my aunt gave it him—he then said he would take the Maryland, if we would promise to change it if the gentleman should not like it—I promised to change it—he then gave my aunt a bad half-sovereign—she said, "This is not the one you gave me first; this is a bad one"—he said he did not know it—a Mr. Roberts, who was in the inside room, came into the shop, and asked the prisoner where the good half-sovereign was that he bad at first—he said he did not know anything about it—he was then standing in the middle of the shop—two men then came in, one seemed as if he was tipsy, and he shoved Mr. Roberts and the prisoner on one side, as though he wanted to part them—the prisoner then walked towards the door—one of the men called out for some tobacco—I served him—the prisoner went out, and the two men went directly after him, and Mr. Roberts after them—my aunt gave the bad half-sovereign to Mr. Roberts, and he gave it to the policeman.





SARAH HUGGINS
. I am the aunt of last witness. On Friday evening, 21st Sept., I and my niece were in the shop, and a friend of mine, Mr. Roberts, was in a small room leading out of the shop—the prisoner came in a little after ten o'clock, asked my niece for half an ounce of tobacco, and tendered a half-sovereign—she laid it on the edge of a cigar-case, and pushed it along to me—I took it up and gave change—I showed it to Mr. Roberts to see if it was good—the prisoner then said, "Is this Maryland tobacco?"—my niece said, "No; Maryland will be 2¼d."—he said, "I never give more than three-halfpence, I had better not take it, for it is for a gentleman in a cab outside; I will take my money again"—I gave him his half-sovereign back—I am positive it was the same—I put it into his hand—he said, "Will you promise to change the tobacco if it is not approved of?"—we said we would—he then took the tobacco, and put a half-sovereign into my hand—I put it on my finger and said, "This is not the one you gave me just now"—I am sure it was not—I bent the half-sovereign on the counter—Mr. Roberts came out directly and stood against the door—I handed it to Mr. Roberts—the prisoner said he knew nothing about it, and tried to get away—Mr. Roberts tried to prevent him, while doing so two men tried to come in, one appeared to be tipsy—he said, "I want some tobacco, let me come in"—he pushed by Mr. Roberts—he was served with some tobacco ready weighed and put up—the

prisoner walked out, and the two men followed him, and Mr. Roberts also—I went outside the door, and saw that the two men went in the same direction as the prisoner.





EDWARD ROBERTS
. I am a cabinet-maker, and am landlord of the house 105, Bishopsgate-street, occupied by Mrs. Huggins. On Friday evening, 21st Sept., I was in the back-parlour, and saw the prisoner—Mrs. Huggins brought me a half-sovereign—I looked at it in her hand—it was a good one—I heard an altercation with him, and went into the shop—Mrs. Huggins said the half-sovereign she had got was not a good one—I looked at it—it was bad—I directly went between the prisoner and the door, and asked him where the good half-sovereign was—he appeared confused—two men came pushing in—thinking they were acquaintances of his, I endeavoured to prevent their coming in—one of them pushed past me, and asked for some tobacco, pretending to be tipsy—while he was being served the prisoner walked out—I followed him—I then had the half-sovereign in my hand, which Mrs. Huggins had given me after she had bent it—the other two men followed immediately after me and overtook me—I saw a policeman at the corner of Primrose-street, and hallooed out to him—directly I did so, one of the men pushed between me and the prisoner, and the prisoner instantly ran away and I after him—one of the men said, "What do you want with this man?"—I caught the prisoner, and while struggling with him the policeman Stringer came up, and I gave him into his custody with the half-sovereign.

Cross-examined. Q. Does Mrs. Huggins rent the house of you? A. She has the shop—I know Mr. Huggins—he does not live there—I was in Mrs. Muggins's parlour—I had been there since eight o'clock—I am frequently there—a good many people came in there for tobacco, not to smoke—I work for Messrs. Smee, of Finsbury.





ROBERT STRINGER
 (City-policeman, 634). I was on duty near Primrose-street, Bishopsgate, on this night, about a quarter past ten o'clock—Mr. Roberts called out, "Hoy!"—I ran towards him—the prisoner ran away directly he saw me—Mr. Roberts caught him, and gave him into my custody with a half-sovereign, which I produce—I asked his name and address—he said, "Henry Roberts, 19, York-street, Paddington"—I could not find such a place.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you search the prisoner? A. I did—I found nothing on him—there is a York-street, Marylebone—I went there—it was a gentleman's house, and a policeman was keeping it—there is no one here from that house.





JOHN KEMPSTER
. I am an in-teller in the Bank of England, and have been there twenty-three years—this is a counterfeit half-sovereign.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you been a witness in these cases? A. Four sessions—I do not know whether it is on the cheap plan—the City have engaged me in this case.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.

