




1122. 



WILLIAM ISAAC BUDD
 and 




GEORGE PARSONS
 were indicted for

breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Blake Carpenter, on the 
24th of January, at 
St. Pancras, and stealing therein, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 watch-guard, value 4d.; 1 handkerchief, values 3s.; 2 shifts, value 3s.; 1 pair of boots, value 18s.; 2lbs. weight of tobacco, value 8s.; 1 purse, value 6d.; 1 sovereign, 3 shillings, and 1 sixpence; his property.






JOHN BLAKE CARPENTER
. I keep a chandler's shop in Upper Edmund-street, St. Pancras. On Sunday evening, the 24th of January, I went out with my wife, about half-past six o'clock, leaving nobody in the house—I left the house locked up safe, and returned at half-past eight, and found the keyhole of the door plugged with a piece of wood, so that I could not put the key into it—I climbed on the top of a coal shed, at the back of the house, and entered a door leading on to the staircase—I found my house had been entered by a skeleton key, I suppose, as I found no marks of violence on the door—I lost the articles stated—the watch had been on the mantelpiece in the front sitting-room, first floor—some of the other things were

in a chest of drawers in the same room—the tobacco and pair of boots west in the shop—when I got to the door, I heard the sound of one or two persons inside, but before I got in the back way they were gone—the value of all the property was about 5l.





WILLIAM KEMP
. I conduct the business of the Bridport Arms public house, in Harrison-street, Gray's Inn-lane, for the landlord, who live about three doors off, in the same street, and is a builder; he does not living in the house. I have known the prisoner Budd some time—he offered me a handkerchief for sale one morning about seven weeks ago—he asked me to be so kind as to let him have 2s. for the handkerchief, as he was very badly off, and had not got a halfpenny in his pocket—I gave him 2s. and kept the handkerchief—I have given it up to Mr. Thornton—it was produced at the police-office.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you quite sure the handkerchief you gave up is the one you received from Budd? A. Yes—when I got it from him, I took it into use—I did not buy a handkerchief of any other person—I cannot speak to the date better.





JOHN FARRINGTON
. I am a porter at a charcoal warehouse. I know the prisoner Parsons—he offered me a ticket of a watch about two months ago, as near as I can guess—it was in the street at the corner of Conduit-street, Regent-street—he said, "Here is a ticket of a watch for sale"—(pointing to a person over the way) "I think it will suit you"—I did not see the person, only his back—he said, "You can take the ticket, and go and look at it"—I took the ticket, and went next day to the pawnbroker's, in Manchester-street, I think, and got the watch out of pawn—it was pawned for 15s., which I paid, with the interest—I had it at home for fifteen or sixteen days—I had to pay my rent, and having lent a friend some money, I pawned the watch at Gorton's, in Gilbert-street, Oxford-street—I gave the prisoner 5s. for the ticket—I pawned it for 1l.





WILLIAM GOFTON
. I am a pawnbroker. I have a watch pawned by Farrington, on the 12th of February, for 1l.





THOMAS REYNOLDS JAMES
. I am a coachmaker by trade, but have lost the use of my right-hand. I was in company with the prisoner Budd in February—I cannot exactly say what time, I think it was at the beginning—we were in the tap-room of the Norfolk Arms public-house, Lee-street, Bedford-place, and I saw him produce a silk handkerchief like this one.





STEPHEN THORNTON
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the two prisoners, but not together—I received this handkerchief from William Kemp.

Cross-examined. Q. When was this handkerchief shown to the prosecutor first? A. I cannot say—it was after the prisoner was apprehended, which was on the 11th of March—another handkerchief was shown to him of a similar pattern—he did not identify that—he said he thought it was like his—it was not such a bright colour as this—I found that on Budd, in his hat, I believe.





WILLIAM JONES
. I live with Mr. Smith, a pawnbroker. This watch was pawned with me by, I believe, the prisoner Parsons, on the 23rd of January, for 15s.—it was redeemed by Farrington afterwards—I believe Parsons to be the man.

Parsons. It was never in my possession.





JOHN BLAKE CARPENTER

re-examined. This is my watch, and the handkerchief I believe to be mine—there was a mark on it, but it is nearly all defaced—there are the remains of some white silk which it was marked with before—I could not swear positively to it.


Prisoners's Defence. I bad the ticket from Robert Farmer—he asked me if knew any body who would buy the ticket, and he went with me to Conduit-street to the young man who sold the ticket to me—I never had the watch in my possession.

BUDD—


NOT GUILTY
.

PARSONS—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
