



1275. 




ISAAC LEVY
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 bag, value 1d.; 6 half-crowns, and 4 shillings; the property of 



David Andrew Barnard, from the person of 



Rebecca Barnard; and that he had been before convicted of felony. (The prisoner being deaf and dumb, had the evidence communicated by signs.)






REBECCA BARNARD
. I am the Wife of David Andrew Barnard, a copperplate printer. On the 2nd of March, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was walking on Finsbury-pavement, and a female felt my pocket—I turned, and saw her—I walked slowly on purpose for her to pass me, but she did not—I went on till I came to a picture shop—I stopped there a minute or two—I saw the prisoner, another man taller than him, and the woman who had touched me before—they were till three conversing together—I walked on about a dozen doors, and then I saw my gown move in front, with a sort of waving motion—I turned, and saw the prisoner with my gown tail in one hand, and my bag in his other hand—my bag had been in my pocket not a moment before—it had six half-crowns in it, and four shillings—the prisoner ran across the road—I called, "Stop thief," and saw him stopped in about a minute or a minute and a half—I did not lose sight of him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What time was this? A. About seven o'clock at night—I have never seen my bag since—a gentleman's servant stopped him first, but he did not hold him a second—I had never seen the prisoner till I was at the picture-shop—not a soul passed me at the time—I did not perceive any persons coming the other way—I was on the left hand side, going towards the City-road, near to Chiswell-street—I live in Pool-street, New North-road.





WM. GRIGG WATERS
. I am a shoemaker. On the evening of the 2nd of March I was going up South-street, and heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I saw the prisoner running—a coachman stopped him, but he did not hold him a second—the prisoner knocked him down, and ran on again—I stopped him—he got hold of me by the throat, and tried to trip me up—a young woman came up, she went round me and said, "Let the poor deaf and dumb boy go"—I did not make signs to the prisoner, he made signs to me, and I understood him—I did not see the young woman make any signs.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not she make signs to the prisoner? A. No—a policeman came up and took him—when we were in the station I made

signs to him to know if he was a Jew—I spelt the word "Jew" with my fingers—he nodded his head first, and shook it afterwards—I am a shoemaker—I have made shoes for Mr. Dawson in the Old Jewry, for Mr. Cannon, and other persons.





SAMUEL CHIVERS
 (police-constable G 201.) I took the prisoner.

JURY
to
REBECCA BARNARD. Q. Have you a shadow of doubt on your mind about the identity of the prisoner's person? A. No, none.

COURT. Q. Have you any doubt that he is the person who had your gown in one hand, and the bag in the other? A. I have not the least doubt of it—I am confident he had the bag in his hand—I did not hear the three persons speaking together—the female stood against the window, the prisoner in the middle, and the taller man outside.





GEORGE WARDELL
 (City police-constable 325.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.

