




7. 




JAMES JACKSON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
4th of Nov., 1 mare, price 15l.; 1 set of harness, value 10s.; 1 cart, 10l.; 1 box, 1s. 6d. 2; and 1 jar, 10d.; the property of 



Richard Conningham.






ALEXANDER HILL
. I am in the employ of Richard Conningham, carman, of Church-lane, Limehouse. On the 4th of November I went to Ennis and Co., in Moorgate-street, from the West India Docks, with the horse and cart—I went up stairs with a jar, came down in two minutes, and the horse and cart were gone—I ran down Prince's-street, and saw the prisoner standing up in the cart, with the reins in his hand—he jumped out of the cart, caught his legs in the rails, and fell down—I laid hold of him, but had a jar in my hand—he twisted my hand, and got away—I went after him, leaving a witness to mind the cart—I caught him up King's Arms-yard, without losing sight of him—there was a box and jar in the cart.

Crou-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. HOW far from the cart was he stopped? A, About 200 yards—it was about half-past five o'clock—I put the jar into the cart, which did not take a minute, and followed him—he had, I think, a black cloth waistcoat with sleeves, black bat, and black trowsers—I am quite certain of him.





JOSEPH MORRIS
. I live in Arlington-place, St. John-street-road, and am a fishmonger. On the 4th of November I saw the prisoner jump out of the cart—his foot caught in the rail, and he fell—the witness had a jar in his hand, and he got away—I minded the cart while he pursued.

Cross-examined. Q. Where were you? A. Walking down Princes-street, behind the cart—I went up when he fell down—the witness cried out "Stop him"—I was within three yards of him—I believe he had a fustian jacket and black browsers, but did not take particular notice—I believe he had a cap on—I am certain of his person.





HENRY AMBROSE
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner in King's Arms-yard—he was standing still, as the gates were closed, so that he could not get through.




GUILTY* of stealing the poods only.
Aged 29.—


Transported fir Seven Years, Before Mr. Recorder.

