



2576. 




JAMES HARRISON
 was again indicted

for stealing, on the 
28th of August, 14 3/4 yards of woollen cloth, value 12l. 15s., and 7 yards of kerseymere, value 1l. 12s.; the goods of 



Thomas Venables and another.






WILLIAM SAYER SPEDDING
. I am shopman to Thomas and John Venables. On the 28th of August the prisoner came to their shop—he was a stranger to me—he selected black cloth And black kerseymere, which came to 15l. 7s. 9d.—he directed me to send it to the Nottingham Castle public-house, in Angel-court, Newgate-street—I sent the porter with them—I told him not to leave the goods without the money—the prisoner said he would pay the porter on delivery—I have never seen them since.

Prisoner. Q. You say you never saw me before? A. No—I have nothing to do with my master having seen you—I have heard you have been there.





JOHN LOCK
. I am the porter. I took the goods to the Nottingham Castle public-house, the prisoner was there before me—he asked me to come into the parlour, to take a drop of half-and-half—I did so, and put the parcel on the table—after waiting five minutes, he took it up, and said he would fetch the money—I was not aware but he belonged to the house—he went out—I was ordered to bring the goods or the money back.

Prisoner. You allowed me to take it. Witness. You took it off the table.





JOHN HEAPS
. I keep the Nottingham Castle public-house. The prisoner was not lodging at our house—he was a stranger—ten minutes before the porter came, the prisoner came in, and had 1 1/2 d. worth of gin—he then said, "If a parcel comes in the name of Harrison, it is for me"—he went into the parlour, and had a pint of half-and-half—the porter came, he went in to the prisoner, and in about five minutes I saw a person come out with a parcel, and go out—the porter came out and said, "Is that man gone up stairs;" I said, "No, a man went out with a parcel, and you had better go after him."

Prisoner. Q. Will you swear to my person? A. I will.






HYACINTH CLARK
 (police-constable H 149.) I found the bill of this property on the prisoner, but the goods are not found.

Prisoner's Defence. I really intended to pay for them; it was a momentary embarrassment. I still contend that I did not steal them.




GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Seven Years more.
