





1850. 




SARAH FIRTH,


 ELIZA LANE
, and 




HENRY LANE
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
21st of June, 1 purse, value 2d.; 1 sovereign and 1 5l. Bank-note, the property of 



Christopher Bell; and that Firth had been before convicted of felony: to which Firth pleaded.





GUILTY
. Aged 17—


Transported for Fourteen Years.





CHRISTOPHER BELL
. I am a seaman, and belong to the ship Chandois, of London—I lodge in Shakspeare-walk, Shadwell. On the 21st of June I met Firth in Vinegar-lane—we got talking, and I went home to sleep with her—I gave her 4s.—I got to the room with her about eleven o'clock—I was quite sober—the other two prisoners were in bed in the room—I had a purse, which contained a 5l. note and a sovereign, in my trowsers pocket—I rolled my trowsers up, and put them under my head in bed—I awoke about half-past four o'clock, and Firth was then gone—I felt for my purse, and that and the money was gone—the other two prisoners were in bed, I spoke to them about it, and I spoke to the woman of the house about it—they said there was none but a strange girl slept there, not this girl (Firth)—I am sure they said that, but Firth was afterwards found on the ground floor of that house—this is my purse (looking at it)—I had had it two years all but a month, and on the Saturday before a woman had washed it, and did not put one of the rings on, and I have the ring—I can swear to it.





JOSIAH SEAGER
 (police-constable K 225.) On the 22nd of June, at half-past four o'clock in the morning, I was called to No. 10, Vinegar-lane—I found the prosecutor standing at the door—he said he had been robbed

of a 5l. note and a sovereign—I went in, and searched the house—I could not find Firth—I went to the station and returned to the house in about ten minutes—I then found Firth behind the door, and Eliza Lane was in bed—I saw Henry Lane standing at the door—I took the two females to the station—there was 5s. 11d. found on Eliza Lane, and 1d. on Firth.





JOHN NICHOLAS
 (police-sergeant K 1.) On the morning of the 22nd of Jane I went to the house—Henry Lane came to the door drunk—I asked him what money he had got—he said, "None"—I found in his right hand breeches pocket this purse with five sovereigns and 11s. in silver—he then said he received it for his wages.





JOHN ROBERTSON
. I keep a public-house. On the morning of the 22nd of June Henry Lane came for some rum, and he threw down a 5l. note which he took out of this purse—I gave him 4l. 19s. in change, and a man who was with him put the money into the purse.

Henry Lane's Defence. I went into the room, and found it, and being a little in liquor I did not know what it was; I asked two men, and they told me.
(John Blake, a laundress, of Tottenham, gave Henry Lane a good character.)

HENRY LANE—


GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.

ELIZA LANE—


NOT GUILTY
.
