



1855. 




WILLIAM LITCHFIELD
 was indicted

 for feloniously sending to 



Henry Robert Lewis, a certain letter, demanding money, with menaces, and without any reasonable or probable cause.


MESSRS. CLARKSON and BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY ROBERT LEWIS.
 I live at No. 12, Upper Montague-street, Monta—gue-square—I

know the prisoner—he and his wife were in my service—he left about three years ago—his wife died during the time she was in my service—after the death of his wife, I from time to time let him have small sums of money, and afterwards I let him have a larger sum—I let him have that larger sums willingly, in consequence of a promise made to his wife on her death-bed—I am speaking of the small sums, and the other one like wise—I received this letter (produced)—I know the prisoner's hand writing—this is his writing.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY.
Q. I believe you made a promise, when his wife was dying, that you would attend to his child? A. Yes, and those sums were given in consequence of that promise—I cannot say that he has complained to me that I have not altogether fulfilled that promise—he has never complained to me at all—I never sent him to my solicitor, Mr. Thackston, on the subject—I gave him a large sum before this, to go into business with—he has never spoken to me about neglecting to send remittances on account of that promise—he never sent to me for 6l. on account of my promise, that I recollect—(looking at a letter)—this letter, dated the 17th of Feb. 1847, is my writing—it certainly appears from this that I did send him 6l. he did not send to me for that 6l. on account of my promise to his dying wife—he wrote to me that he was in deep distress—I have not got the letter—I sent him the 6l.

MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. Has the letter been destroyed? A. I am not aware that I ever had such a letter.

MR. HORRY.
Q. Then you cannot say how it was you came to send him the 6l.? A. I remember, from this paper being put into my hand, and from the date, that he wrote to me that he was in the greatest possible distress, and he expected everything to be seized—he did not name the 6l. to me—I never sent him to Mr. Thackston in my life—I do not know what Mr. Thackston would have paid him—when Mr. Thackston applied to me for money I gave it to him—I cannot say that he ever received 20l.—Mr. Thackston has never given me any account of the sums of money you name—the prisoner never sent to me for money which I never gave him—he never complained before this that I had not executed my promise—I have not seen him for upwards of two years—he has written to me for small sums of money—I refused for some time—I wrote back to him, and he has got my letters, I suppose—the letter on which the indictment is, was not produced before the Magistrate—I had not it in my possession then.

The letter was here read, as follows, directed "H. R. Lewis, Esq., 22nd July, 1847—Sir, if you do not act as a gentleman towards me in this affair of yours, and come to terms with your solicitor, by leaving with him certain monies to supply my wants in future while you are out of town, I swear by heaven and hell that the whole of your damnable affair and beastly conduct shall be held up before the eyes of the Masonic order, and the clubs that you are a member of, whose secretaries I will write unto. Now, sir, if you delay more than the ordinary time in sending me a remittance, and likewise an answer, to acquaint me when to call on your solicitor for the same, it shall not be 500l. that will stop me in denouncing you as you deserve. Recollect, you have broken faith with me, not me with you. I will have you beware, sir, and not play too much on me. Yours, &c., W. LITCHFIELD, 18, Queen-street, New-cut, Lambeth."




GUILTY. Aged 31.—


Transported for Life.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoner, for sending other letters to Mr. Lewis.)
