



2278. 




MARIA DOWNES
 was indicted

 for stealing one purse, value 6d., 2 sovereigns, 2 half-crowns, the property of 



Joseph Farr, from his person; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






JOSEPH FARR
. I am a plaster-figure maker. On Saturday night, the 24th of Aug., at half-past ten o'clock, I was at the Swan public-house, in Swan-lane, Kensington—I met the prisoner with another person—the prisoner asked me to give her a drop of gin—I said I would—I took her to the Swan and treated her to a quartern of gin—after we had the gin I went to another public-house, of which I forget the name, and got two more quarterns of gin and two biscuits—I took out my purse to pay for this gin—I had two sovereigns and two half-crowns in it—I paid for the gin and put my purse in my pocket—we left the house all together—I walked down the road with the prisoner—the other woman came up and called her by name, and said, "The policeman is coming"—I and the prisoner were twenty yards a-head, walking arm in arm—we got opposite another public-house, and then I missed my money from my pocket—I took hold of the prisoner and the other, and called the policeman—he came up—he was behind me—he took hold of the prisoner's hand and took a sovereign and one shilling out of it—one sovereign fell at her feet.

Prisoner. Q. Did not the other woman take your arm up the road, and were not we both linked with you? A. Yes, but when I missed my money you were a good distance away from me.





WILLIAM TRUEJOHN
 (police-constable V 274.) About eleven o'clock on that Saturday night, I was on duty in Swan-lane—I saw Kelly at the corner of the Anglesea public-house—the prisoner and the prosecutor were together at the bottom of the place, about twenty yards off—I walked down the place, and Kelly ran down and said, "Jane, Jane, the policeman is coming"—and then Kelly and the prisoner came up the place arm in arm, and the prosecutor in the middle of them—after they passed me I heard a cry of police—I went up—the prosecutor said he had lost a purse, two sovereigns, and two half-crowns—I asked the prisoner where the money and the purse was—she said she knew nothing about it—I seized her right hand and said, "What have you got?"—she said, "Nothing"—I opened her hand and found a sovereign and a shilling—I heard something fall—I looked down and found one sovereign which she was trying to conceal with the gravel—I took it up and asked for a light, searched, but did not find the purse—it was afterwards brought to me by Lawrence—this is the purse.





ELIZABETH LAURENCE
. I am servant at the Anglesea Arms—I heard a

noise—I went out with a light, and the purse was not found—the officer went away, and then afterwards I found this purse.





MARY BRIDGES
. I searched the prisoner, but before I searched her I asked her if she had anything about her—she said she had nothing about her—I found on her a half-crown, and an empty purse.

Prisoner's Defence. We met the prosecutor, he treated us; the half-crown that was found on me belonged to Kelly.





LUKE NIXON
 (police-constable B 16.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years.

