




603. 




HENRY JOHNSON
 and 




JOHN WILLIAMS
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Richard Suter, about nine in the night of the 
6th of January, at 
St. Faith-under-St. Paul, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 2 sovereigns, 2 half-crowns, and 3 shillings, the monies of 



John Rivington and others.


MR. CURWOOD
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES CHURCHILL
 (City police-constable, No. 278.) On the night of the 6th of January, about nine o'clock, I was on duty in Paternoster-row—I tried the door of Messrs. Rivington's warehouse, and found it quite safe—I tried it subsequently, about half-past eleven, and found the door was fastened with a top bolt only—I rang the bell for a quarter of an hour, and received no answer—I went to the front-door, and rang the bell there—I received information from the housekeeper where Mr. Allison, Mr. Rivington's clerk, lived—I went to call him—in the mean time the sergeant came up—he went in at the front-door to search the premises, while I stood at the back—he brought the prisoners out of the door in custody—I helped him, and took them to the station.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you take them into custody at all? A. I did not, I took them out of the house—after I had been with the clerk into the house, I went back again to Paternoster-row, and waited there till the sergeant called me to help take the prisoners into custody—I began to try the door in Paternoster-row at nine o'clock—I do not try every door every time I go by—I kept trying it till past eleven—I pushed it with my hand, and it went in at the bottom—I caught hold of the knob of the door—I had no particular reason for trying that door.





OLIVER DEATH
 (City police-sergeant, No. 201.) On the night in question I came up about twelve o'clock—from information I received from Churchill, I went to the back-door of the house first, and told him to stand there while I went round to the front-door—I got into the warehouse by the clerk bringing the ke'y—when we got in, I discovered the two prisoners secreted behind the door, in a little recess in the warehouse adjoining the house—I took them into custody, and I and Churchill took them to the station—I searched them, and found on Williams a tinder-box and matches, and this candle—in one of his boots I found half-a-crown and two shillings—I searched Johnson, and found a sovereign tied up in one corner of his shirt, one shilling in one shoe, and 3s. 6d. in the other—they gave no account of how they came by it—I went back, and searched Mr. Rivington's places—I found several desks had been broken open, and in searching the recess where I took the prisoners from, I found this little poker—I fitted it to the marks in the desk, and they corresponded this is a convenient instrument for breaking open desks—it is not a jemmy—it is not used by Rivington's people—the warehouse is under

the same roof as the dwelling-house—it is in the parish of St. Faith-underSt. Paul.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How do you know that? A. The chief part of one side of Paternoster-row is in the parish of St. Faith, and part of the other is in the parish of Christchurch—I ascertained that the house is in that parish from the beadle of Newgate-market.





WILLIAM BUCHAN ALLISON
. I am clerk to Messrs. Rivington. I was aroused on this night by a policeman—I accompanied him with the key of the warehouse—we entered the warehouse, and there found the two prisoners secreted behind the door—they were taken into custody—I saw them searched—the sergeant has given a correct account of what was found—five desks were broken open—I did not ascertain what was taken from them—I know there was money kept in those desks.

Cross-examined. Q. What time did you leave? A. Eight o'clock—I saw the premises properly secured when I left—it is part of my duty—the door in Paternoster-row was secured by a bolt at the top, a bolt at the bottom, a lock in the middle, and a chain—the key is kept in the door—nobody could enter that door by means of keys, nor could they by the door in St. Paul's churchyard—they must have got in before the doors were closed.

MR. CURWOOD. Q. They were concealed, in your judgment, before the house was shut up? A. They could not have broken in, they might have been concealed—I have seen Johnson come to the premises to receive work and bring messages for a binder named Ellison—I know nothing of Williams—Johnson had an opportunity of knowing the premises very well.





EDWARD GRACIE
. I am clerk to Messrs. Rivington. On the night in question I locked my desk a little before eight o'clock—I left two sovereigns and 7s. or 8s. in silver in it—I found the desk broken open in the morning, and the money was gone—the other desks were broken open—they contained money, but it was not gone from them.
(The prisoner Johnson received a good character.)

JOHNSON—


GUILTY. Aged 18.—Recommended to mercy.
—




Confined Nine Months.
—WILLIAMS*—



GUILTY. of Stealing only. Aged 22.—


Transported
for Seven Years.


