




2540. 




HENRY WILLIAMS, alias
 Rutter

, was indicted

 for stealing 1 watch, value 12l., and 1 watch guard-chain, 6l.; the goods of 



Henry Gehle, in the dwelling-house of 



William Howell.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






ANN GEHLE
. I am the wife of the Rev. Henry Gehle, a clergyman. In July, we occupied apartments in Oakwood-cottage, Highgate, and still do so—we rent them of Mr. William Howell. On the 31st of July I was sitting at work, in the right-hand parlour, on the ground floor, about twenty minutes to three o'clock, I heard my little boy cry—there is a window which opens from the parlour on to the front garden—I went up stairs, leaving my gold watch, and gold chain attached, in a rosewood case, on the mantel-piece—it was three o'clock when I came into the room again—I noticed that the flowerpots had been removed from the window—I looked on the mantel-piece, and found my watch and chain were gone—the watch was worth about 12l., and the chain about 6l.—I should know them again.





MARY SLADE
. I live with my mother, in a cottage exactly opposite Oakwood-cottage. On the 31st of July, from twenty-five minutes to three o'clock till three o'clock, I was standing at my mother's window—the prisoner passed under my mother's window, close by it—I was up one story high—I remained at the window, and looked down upon the man as he passed, and he looked up at me again—I still remained at the window, and in about five minutes he returned on the opposite side of the way with a boy—the boy sat down on the step of the next gate, adjoining Oakwood-cottage—the prisoner went into the garden of Oakwood-cottage—there is a gate there—he was in about five or six minutes—he came out and spoke to the boy, as he sat on the steps of the gate—the boy then went into Oakwood-cottage garden, where the prisoner had been, and the prisoner walked up the hill about half a dozen houses from the house, not out of sight of the house—the boy was not in a minute and a half—he came out, and overtook the prisoner—I saw no more of them—they walked up the hill together—the prisoner had dark trowsers on, something of a pepper and salt coat, and a black hat, with the brim turned up on each side—I had sufficient opportunity to see his face, as I took particular notice of it as he passed down, and when he returned on the opposite side again.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You have no garden of any kind in front of your cottage? A. No, Oakwood-cottage has a garden before it—our cottage is only one story high—I was in the top room—the prisoner passed close under the window, very near the wall, not so near as to touch it—I had my bonnet and shawl on to go out—I did not speak—I do not know how he came to see me, but he looked up to me as I looked down—that I always remembered—I remembered it when I was before the Magistrate, but I do not know that I mentioned it—I do not know why I did not mention it—I have been talking of this since—I have not talked to the policeman Chadwick about it, since the day it happened, till he came with me to Bow-street—I have not been talking to Chadwick about it since the last examination—I may have mentioned it this morning—I told him the same that I told him at first—I do not recollect where I was when I spoke to him—it must have been in this Court—I have not seen him out of this Court—I do not know that he asked me about it—I began the conversation—I had no reason for it—I told him the prisoner looked up at me—he did not say that I never could have told the prisoner's face by seeing his hat—he did not mention about the prisoner's hat—I do not recollect his saying anything about his hat—I cannot swear to it—I first gave a description of the prisoner to

Sergeant Kell at six o'clock in the evening—I first saw Chadwick on the Monday that I attended at Bow-street on the Tuesday—that was three months after Dr. Gehle sent for me—Chadwick said he thought he had got the man who had committed the robbery and I was to go to Bow-street the next morning—Chadwick brought the prisoner into the room—there were a great many persons there—Chadwick did not point him out—he brought the prisoner in and set him down by the side of me—Chadwick had not told me what he left me for—I did not know whether I was to see the prisoner before the bar—Chadwick did not bring anybody else in, but he set the prisoner down by my side—he did not say anything, but he looked at me and I turned round and looked at the prisoner—I thought Chadwick's looks might be a sign for me to do so—I do not know that I had any doubt about it—there were other persons in the room, but no other young man sitting by me—I do not know what is the distance from our cottage across to Oakwood-cottage—I do not visit the servants on the opposite side—I have not been in Oakwood-cottage these two years—I was at the window for twenty-five minutes—there are no curtains or blinds at the window—I was not sitting down.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. When the prisoner was sitting by your side, and you looked at him, had you any doubt that he was the man? A. No.





REV. JOHN WILKINS
. I am a clergyman, and live in Stangar-place, Edgware-road. On the 29th of Aug. I answered an advertisement to a person who wished to borrow some money, and the prisoner came—he said he was a master jeweller, and had a great order, and he wanted a little money to pay his workmen to complete it—I agreed to lend him 17l., and he gave me a bill of exchange; and by way of security he gave me this gold chain, which was attached to another watch, not to the prosecutor's.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe there were other things besides? A. Yes, there were duplicates on articles of jewellery, I think, to the amount of about 50l.—I left them and the watch with my attorney—I do not know what value the watch purported to be—I took the duplicates, the gold chain and watch, and lent 17l., which was to be returned in three weeks—I was to get 4l. for it—that was his own offer—I told him I would not be particular about the bonus if I found him an honest man—I do not know that it was mentioned that I was to be entitled to keep these things if the money had not been returned in three weeks—I answered three or four other advertisements the same week, not always getting the same bonus, though not very different.





WILLIAM ROWLAND DANIELS
. I am in the service of Mr. Hawes, a pawnbroker, in Old-street. On the 28th of Sept. I took this watch in pledge, and lent 4l. on it—I do not speak positively to the prisoner, but I believe him to be the person who pawned it—I gave this duplicate to the person who pawned the watch.





WILLIAM CHADWICK
 (police-sergeant F 2.) I apprehended the prisoner on the 8th of Oct., in Russell-court, but not on this charge—I searched a room in the house in which I apprehended him, and found some pawnbrokers' duplicates which the prisoner claimed—amongst them I found the duplicate of this watch.

Cross-examined. Q. How many other duplicates did you find? A. Twenty-four in the room, and four upon his person—they were for articles of jewellery, and have been given up to the attorney—he was apprehended for having passed a gold watch with a forged mark on it—he was discharged for that—I think I first saw the witness Slade on the Friday previous to the prisoner's coming up on the following Tuesday—I went with Mr. Ghele to his house, and he sent over for Slade—I told her I had got a person in custody—I could not tell her he was the person who stole the watch, because I did not know

that he was—I said I had a young man in custody, and he was remanded till the Tuesday, and when she saw him, not to say that he was the man if he was not—I did not show her the prisoner when he came up on the Tuesday—I brought him into the room, and he sat down behind the door—I did not call her attention to him, nor to where he sat—I did not look at her to call her attention to him—I have seen her once since her examination, that is all—I have had no conversation with her about this—I never asked her anything about it—she said she was positive he was the man, that was all—that was in the Court here to-day—she was saying, "These are the parties' witnesses"—nothing was said about his passing under her window but what she said at the police-court—I do not recollect anything being said outside here about his looking up.





ANN GEHLE

re-examined. This watch and chain are mine—I know the chain, because it had been broken—there is a link broken now.

MR. BALLANTINE
called






ROBERT HARRISON
. I am a wine commission-agent, and live in Whiskin-street, Clerkenwell. In July I lived at the same place—I know the prisoner—I had never seen him before the 31st of July—that was the first time—I wrote this letter (looking at one) and posted it on the morning of the 30th of July—I saw the prisoner afterwards, on the following afternoon, the Wednesday, about a quarter past two o'clock—I was just sitting down to dinner—dinner was ready at two o'clock, and he came while I was at dinner—he remained with me to the best of my recollection till about half-past three, about an hour and a quarter—I never saw this letter after I posted it—when I saw the prisoner, he introduced himself by stating his name to be Rutter—he held this letter in his hand at the time—he introduced himself to me—I recollect a person coming with him, but I did not know him—if I were to see him I should know him.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was this at your cellars? A. No, at my private lodging, in Whiskin-street—it is a greengrocer's shop—the shop-door is in Gloucester-street, and the private door in Whiskin-street—I have been married eleven years, and live with my wife—I have no children—I and my wife live alone—we have one servant—Ann Wilson is the name of the girl that waited that day at table—my wife was at home—I occupy the drawing-room on the first floor, and a bed-room—I pay 12s. a week, and 1s. for the use of the servant—I have no place of business—I transact my business at the Docks, and at Garrard's Coffee-house—I have been in business eight years—my last transaction was, I sold a gentleman named Grace, of the Colosseum Tavern, Portland-place, two butts of sherry, for which he paid me cash—I have no cellars of my own—I have no principal—I purchase wines on my own account, and sell them—I sometimes transact business for other persons—Mr. Wells has consigned wine to me, 150 dozen of champagne, 100 dozen of hock, and five pipes of port—they are now under offer to Mr. Grace—I do not recollect that I transacted any business in July last—I cannot say whether I did in June last—sometimes three or four months elapse and I do no business—I do not recollect whether I did any business in June, or May, or April—I sold a hogshead of sherry to a gentleman in the Exchequer—Ido not recollect his name—I think it was in April, I will not swear positively—I cannot give you the name of any one I did business with in March—in January last, or the beginning of February, I shipped three pipes of port to Mr. William Day, a wine-merchant, at Hull—I keep no books—I keep no man, because there is no occasion for it—I sometimes go to the Docks of a morning at ten, sometimes at half-past twelve, and sometimes at half-past one o'clock, just as

it suits my convenience, or the convenience of those persons whom I take down to taste the wines.

Q. Tell the Jury the name of any gentleman, principal, in London, with whom you did any business in the wine-trade in the year 1843? A. I do not recollect any, because my wife has property, and I do not make a matter of business of it—I merely do it, almost, I may say, for the sake of amusement—my wife has an income allowed her by her father—I know a man named Russell—he is foreman to a man named Dyer, a fishmonger, in the Haymarket, just by the theatre—I received a letter from the country on the 18th of July, to make inquiries for an individual of the name of Rutter, whose evidence was wanting upon a very important trial at the ensuing term—I was directed to go to No. 413, Strand, and there I was directed to go to Mr. Dyer, and see Mr. Russell, and he would tell me where Ratter lived—he said Rutter was in the habit of calling every day almost, or every evening, and the better way would be for me to write a letter, committed to his care, and he would give it to Rutter; I did so, on the 30th, and the prisoner called next day, at a quarter past two o'clock, and I found he could not be the person I wanted, as he must be a person about forty-five years of age, and the prisoner was only twenty three—the important trial was about the estates of Parting ton-hall, in Yorkshire—the note was simply directed to Mr. Russell, at Mr. Dyer's, fishmonger, near the Italian Opera, Haymarket—I saw Rutter twice afterwards—he called on me again, I think, the week after, or a fortnight, but I only saw him about five minutes each time—he called about business—I told him I had some wines to sell, and, seeing he was a respectable looking man, I took it for granted he had a connexion, and I thought he might be able to sell some wine for me—we talked about Yorkshire and Doncaster races, and other things—that was not at my house the first time he called there, but we adjourned to a public-house opposite to where I live—it is an hotel, kept by an individual named Nutter, and it was there that this communication took place between us about the evidence of the individual that I wanted, relative to some estates in Yorkshire; and then I began to speak about Doncaster races and other things, and, finding he was a Yorkshireman, I went into very familiar conversation—he came to my house, and he was standing in the shop—I said, "Will you have the goodness to go over to the parlour of the gin palace opposite, I will come to you immediately"—he did not come up stairs—I know this gentleman—(looking at one)—I saw him yesterday, or the day before, when I was requested to call on him, by the prisoner's wife calling on me—I do not know her except by her calling on me—I did not know where he lived, or what business he followed—I do not know now—I went to this gentleman's office, in Dalziel-street, Drury-lane, yesterday, or the day before, for the first time—I came here to-day at a quarter to nine—I have been here to-day and yesterday—I have only been to the top of the street—I have not been to Barbican, or any place, so as to make it necessary to postpone the trial.

Q. Did you effect a bargain with the prisoner? A. I told him I had wines in bond, some champagne and some hock, some claret, and some other French wines—I have some port and sherry of my own in the London Docks and St. Katharine's Dock, in my own name—I have some claret in the case wine department of the London Docks—I have seen this watch before, within the last quarter of an hour—it was shown me, I believe, by the pawnbroker, at the door, when the witnesses were ordered out of Court—he pulled out the watch, and said, "This is the watch"—I did not see the name, "Rutter, London," on it—I just saw it for a minute—I do not know the name of the other gentleman who was turned out when I went out—I did not see him at

Mr. Greenwood's—when I was seventeen I was taken from school, and articled to my brother-in-law, Mr. Scotsbury, of the firm of Shepherd and Scotsbury, at Griffin, in Yorkshire—I was there seven years, and then went to Hamburgh, as a private individual—I had got a sum of money, and I travelled for my own pleasure—I was on the Continent five years—I was in England up to 1827, then went to Hamburgh, and resided there till 1830—I did not do any business then—I came to London in 1832, and lived on my wife's allowance.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. In what part of Yorkshire is Griffin? A. Twenty-two miles on the other side of Hull—my wife's father resides at Thirske, in Yorkshire—I have an allowance from him of 125l. a year—when I gave my evidence to the attorney no one else was present.

COURT. Q. What was your reason for knowing it was on Wednesday, the 31st, that he called on you? A. I had never seen him before, and I had a small bill due of 12l. at the Westend, and, remaining so long with the prisoner, soner, I missed my appointment—that led on to the individual I made the appointment with being very sore, and he would not make another appointment with me—I only know it was the 31st of July from its being impressed on my mind—it might have been the 1st of August—I only know that Russell saw the prisoner every day from what he told me—I wrote this letter in the morning—I do not recollect the precise time of day—"3A." on it, which means three o'clock in the afternoon.





HENRY EDEN
. I am a carriage-broker and valuer, and dealer in carriages. On Wednesday, the 31st of July, about two o'clock, or a little after, I accompanied the prisoner to Harrison's—we remained there about an hour and a half—I have never seen him from that day to this.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. It is a greengrocer's shop, is it not? A. I think it is an oil-shop—I did not go into the house at all—I went to a public-house—I do not know the sign—it is the corner house—I sat about ten minutes when the gentleman came—the prisoner went with me—he did not go into Harrison's house that I know of—we called at the door, and they sent Harrison to us—I saw nothing of Harrison till he came to the public-house—I did not call at the door—I stood by while the prisoner went into the oil-shop—I do not know who he spoke to—it was no business of mine—my carriage factory is in Cardington-street, Hampstead—I am backwards and forwards there—whenever I have got any carriages I put them in the yard—I have got two gentlemen's chariots and a landau there now—I live in Church-street, Portman-market—I do not know Mr. Russell, who keeps an oyster-shop—I have known the prisoner about eight or nine months—I do not know Dyer at the oyster-shop—I never was there to my knowledge—the prisoner lived in Portland-town when I first knew him—I have not seen him for the last two or three months—I believe he is a jeweller—I have seen him buy pins at auctions and of dealers—I never knew him by the name of Williams—he never showed me his watch or chain—I have never been in any trouble in my life—the prisoner lived over the water the last time I saw him, but I never went to his place—I was called on to be a witness at the beginning of this week—a lady came to me, and asked me if I recollected the day that I had the quarrel with Mr. Rutter—I said, "Yes"—the conversation, the day I went, was something about Darlington Hall—it was about some property in Yorkshire—I did not hear about wines—I had some brandy and water—I know it was the 31st of July because I frequent sales, and I went to Robinson's Repository, in Little Britain, to see what was for sale on the next day—I went into the yard—I saw the men about the yard—we went in both together, and staid about a quarter of an hour, and

then I walked back, and he with me, to a coffee-shop in Russell-street, kept by a person named Stangwick—we staid there about an hour—we quarrelled there, and I went away—I have never seen him from that day to this—I had some coffee—I do not know what he had.





ANN GEHLE

re-examined. Our house is in the parish of Hornsey—at the time I lost my watch there was not the name of "Rutter, London," on it.
(Letter read.)—"To Mr. Russell, at Mr. Dyer's, fishmonger, near the Italian Opera, Hay market. Mr. Russell, will you have the goodness to tell Mr. Rutter to call to-morrow, Wednesday, about two o'clock, and ask to speak with Mr. Duffield, from Yorkshire. At Mrs. Ashell's, 13, Gloucester-street, St. John-street-road. July 30, 1844."
(Charles Proctor, licensed victualler, of Tower-street, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Sixth Jury, before 


Edward Bullock, Esq.

