




22. 




CHARLES WRIGHT
 was indicted

 for a robbery on 



Mary Ann Taylor, on the 
20th of Nov., and taking from her person, and against her will, 1 shawl, value 10s., her property; and immediately before, at the time of, and after the said robbery, beating, striking, and using other personal violence to her.






MARY ANN TAYLOR
. About one o'clock on the morning of the 20th of Nov. I was going to my home in Queen-street, Seven-dials—I was going out of Oxford-street, across Soho-square, and met two young men and two females in company—I did not know the young men—the prisoner was one of them—I am sure of that—they asked me to give them some beer to drink, and I went with them all four to a public-house and did so—being late in the morning I gave them some beer, to get rid of them—I was going home, and the two men followed me—the other one tore my umbrella from my hand—I kept the handle in my hand, and he took the other part—the prisoner gave me a blow on the back of my neck, knocked me down, and took my shawl from my shoulder—I called out "Murder," "Police," and "Stop thief," and he dropped it in the street—I saw him drop it—I lost sight of him, but the constable took him—I did not exactly lose sight of him—he dropped the shawl in the street, close to where he took it—it was in Sutton-street.





WILLIAM HOWARD
 (policeman.) About one o'clock on the morning in question I was on duty in Crown-street, and heard a cry of "Police," "Murder," and then "Stop thief" directly after—it came from Sutton-street—I street—I went to the place, and saw the prisoner running down Sutton-street, from towards Soho-square, towards me—I stopped him—he said, "Let me go, it is all right, a woman attempted to pick my pocket, but I do not wish to charge her"—I said, "I do not believe it, come back with me"—I could hear the woman behind him, crying "Stop thief"—I took him back, and saw something dark lying on the pavement five or six yards from us—the prosecutrix came running up, and partly stumbled over it—she then stooped to pick it up—I took it from her—it was this shawl—she appeared to be severely ill treated—her hair was hanging over her eyes, her shawl off her neck, and her bonnet disordered, as if she had been ill used—she gave the prisoner in charge.





MARY ANN TAYLOR

re-examined. This is my shawl.

Prisoner's Defence. I was going up Oxford-street about one o'clock in the morning to go to my father's; I met this young woman; she asked me where I was going; I said, "Home to my father;" she asked me to have something to drink; I went into a public-house, and called for a pint of beer; she said, "Will you go along with me a little way?" I went round Soho-square with her, and found her hand in my pocket; I hit her, knocked her down, and ran away; the policeman stopped me, and asked what I was running for; I said, "She has been picking my pocket; I wanted to give her in charge, but the policeman would not take her; he took me, and she accused me of stealing this shawl.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fifteen Years
.
