



2622. 




CATHERINE ENGLISH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
26th of August, 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 10s.; 9 spoons, 30s.; 1 ladle, 10s.; 1 cash-box, 5s.; and 1 box, 1s.; and 3 farthings; the property of 



John Wright, her master.







JOHN WRIGHT
. I live in Trinity-row, Islington. The prisoner was two months in my service—on the 26th of August, about nine o'clock, I went out, leaving the prisoner at home—I returned about eleven, and found her out—she did not return—about twelve o'clock that night a policeman came and gave me information—I went into one of my bedrooms, and missed a green box containing silver spoons and money, and a cash-box in which there were three farthings—I had seen that green box, about four o'clock that morning, locked—on the following Monday I saw the property at the station—there were nine silver spoons, one punch-ladle, one pair of sugar-tongs, the green box, and papers, to the value of about 6l.—it is my property.





HENRY FAIRY
. I drive a cab. I was at the Islington-green stand on Saturday night, about ten o'clock, the prisoner came to me with a bundle and this box, she got into my cab, and ordered me to drive to the Flower-pot, Bishopsgate-street—she had no money to pay the toll—I paid it at both gates—she asked me to stop at the first ironmonger's, as she had lost the key of her box, and had no money to pay me—I stopped at an ironmonger's shop at the corner of Houndsditch, but it was shut up—I drove her to the Flower-pot—she said I must break the box open to get the money—I would not—the porter broke it open for her—I saw the spoons in it, called a policeman, and gave her in charge.





JAMES SUTHERLAND
. I am a City policeman. I took the prisoner into custody at Bishopsgate-street, with the box and bundle—I asked where she lived, and where she brought them from—she said she lived at Mr. Wright's, in Upper-street, and said the property was her own—I asked if she gave notice at leaving her place—she said she did, but at the station she acknowledged the boxes were Mr. Wright's.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transposed for Seven Years.


