



1388. 




REUBEN MAY
, was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
17th of March, 23 sovereigns, the property of 



John Miller, from his person.






JOHN MILLER
. I am a seaman, and live in Ratcliff-highway—on the 17th of March I was paid off from the Columbine, at Chatham—I left there about ten o'clock that morning, and three more mates came as far as the Bull's Head public-house with me—I met with the prisoner—he had a one-horse fly; and he agreed to take our party to London for 10s. each—there were four

of us—we did not take the omnibus, as we thought it would be more convenient to go by ourselves—we stopped at the Bull's Head at Dartford, and dined there—the prisoner was in the carriage from Chatham to Dartford—we had paid 10s. each to go to London; and notwithstanding that, my three shipmates went by the coach from Dartford on to London, and they took my bag with them, which contained 30l. in notes, besides my clothes—I engaged the prisoner to take me after the coach, and I gave him a half-sovereign more—I was then spreeish, about half way; but I knew what I was about—I and the prisoner got into the carriage again, and the driver, the same man who had driven before, sat outside on the box—the prisoner was inside, along with me—we overtook the coach at Shooter's-hill, and I got my bag—I then proposed that the prisoner should drive me to Blackwall, and I paid him an extra sovereign to drive me there—he told me I could not expect him to drive me there without more money—he had had 2l. 10s. before, and I gave him another sovereign—I had then twenty-five other sovereigns in my purse—the prisoner was then sitting inside the fly, and had an opportunity of seeing my money—I put my money into my purse, and put the purse inside the breast of my shirt—I then buttoned the front up—I drank a drop of rum out of a bottle that I had provided myself with from Chatham; and the prisoner drank some—I then fell asleep, and when I came to I found myself in the Lord Duncan public-house, in the Broadway, Deptford—I then felt for my money—the purse was left, but all the money was gone; and my shirt was unbuttoned—the prisoner never took me to Blackwall; but I found myself in a strange house at Deptford.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILDE. Q. You are a sailor, and you and three of your friends got paid off? A. Yes, I was soberish—I had drank some beer, and so on, in the early part of the morning—I had some about eight o'clock in the morning—I found myself alone at the Lord Duncan—I had put my purse in my shirt—I cannot tell at what hour I did that—it was getting dark in the afternoon—I do not recollect being shot out at the Lord Duncan—I found myself there—I do not know at what hour he brought me there, but I started about ten o'clock in the forenoon, and it was about eleven or twelve at night when I found myself at the Lord Duncan—the prisoner left me there—I do not recollect driving the van—I know Wilson—he and I did not go off in the van—he was with us—there were four of us in the van when we started, the prisoner made five, and Wilson drove—when we got to Dartford three of my shipmates left, and there was no one but me and the prisoner riding inside—I lost my shoes at that house, but that was after I lost my money—I was fast asleep, some one took my shoes off, and that did not a wake me.





ELIZABETH WARE
. I keep the Lord Duncan, Broadway, Deptford. About seven o'clock in the evening, on the 17th of March, I heard a scuffle in my tap room—I saw the prisoner and another man putting the prosecutor on the bench in the tap room—I do not know whether the other man was Wilson—I asked the prisoner why he brought the drunken sailor into my house—he said he had been directed by him to do it, he had been paid off at Chatham, he was directed to leave him there, and he could not take him any further—I said I should not allow him to leave him, unless he gave me a satisfactory account about him—I asked the prisoner if he was paid—he said he was, and he knew the prosecutor very well—he said, in the course of conversation, that he belonged to Blackwall, and he was going there, but he was directed to put the prosecutor down there—I said that unless he gave me a satisfactory account of his employer and himself I should not let him leave him, and he did so very willingly—I then asked him to hold the prosecutor up while

I searched his pockets—he said he believed the prosecutor had got money, and he hoped I would take care of it—he said he thought it was in his bosom; that he heard it rattle—he then held him up, and I noticed that the bosom of the prosecutor's shirt was open; and I made an observation that I was sure he had been wrongly dealt with, from the appearance of his shirt being rumpled—I then saw a string, and found a small leather bag round the prosecutor's neck, and the bag had been torn down—a sovereign was hanging out of it, and one sovereign was at the bottom of it—I said, "Here is further proof that the man has been robbed"—I said it seemed unreasonable for him to put his cash in such a purse as that, and I was sure he had been wrongly dealt with—the prisoner said it was impossible, for there had been no one in the fly but himself, or "ourselves"—I found a half-crown in the prosecutor's waistcoat pocket, and 5d. in coppers in his jacket pocket—he was in a very helpless state; he could not sit on his seat—I saw the key of a watch hanging at the back of his trowsers, and found the watch attached to it—the prisoner was then gone—he went away after he gave me the address, and said he should be there the next day with some more sailors, as there was another ship to be paid off—after I had searched the prosecutor the prisoner said, "Now you have searched the sailor, I should rather you searched me"—I said, "No, there is no occasion for that"—he showed me a shilling, a penny or three halfpence, and said that was all the money he had about him—he asked me particularly to take care of him, as he knew him very well, and had known him for years—he gave me his own name and address, and his employer's, and the sailor's, and where the sailor would be going when he got sober—about midnight the prosecutor came to—I had kept him by himself entirely—I took his bag, and after he got sober he directed me to look in it, and I found six 5l. notes in it—on the Sunday following the prisoner called in with another one, who I understood was his driver, who drove the van and drove Miller up—he asked me if I had seen any thing of the sailor—I said I had, and he was still with us—I told him the sailor had been robbed, and his complaint was that he had been robbed in the van—he said it was impossible—he did not stay—he said he was in a hurry to go, as his horse wanted to go back—he said he would call the next day and hear further about it—I told him we had found the watch which we had searched for before he left.

Cross-examined. Q. How long had the sailor been in your house before you searched? A. I searched him directly, before the prisoner left him—he was lifting him on the seat and I was endeavouring to wake him up—there were three labouring men sitting in the other end of the tap room—I heard them come in—I went, and the prisoner and another man were lifting the prosecutor on the seat—I do not know who the other man was—he went out directly—I know a man brought in a bag directly after—I did not see the prosecutor arrive, and I cannot tell how long he might have been outside, but when I heard the scuffle I went out—I can say that they had then been in about half a minute, and they were drawing him along.





WILLIAM THOMAS ARTHUR
 (police-constable R 202.) On Sunday, the 19th of March, I took the prisoner on Blackheath—the prosecutor was with me—I told the prisoner he was charged with robbing the sailor of twentythree sovereigns—he said, "Me?"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "That is false"—I said, "There was no one else riding inside the fly"—he said he had not been inside, "but" he said, "I might have put my legs over the front to have got in, but not that I am aware of—the prosecutor said, "Why did not you take me to Blackwall, instead of putting me at that public-house in a strange place?"—he said, "I did not engage to take you to Blackwall but to London."

Cross-examined. Q. Did you give him any caution before you argued

with him? A. I told him it was no use arguing with me—I told him what he was charged with, and he began talking to the sailor—I said, "Don't say a word till you get to the station"—I merely told him what he was charged with.





HENRY WILSON
. I live in High-street, Chatham, and am a van driver for Mr. Baker. On the 17th of March I was at Chatham, and agreed to take four sailors to London for 10s. each, which they paid—the prosecutor was one—I came to Dartford—the prisoner came to take care of the things—there were four big bags and other articles beside—he came with me—he was sometimes inside and sometimes out—I drove—we stopped at Dartford and dined there—three of the sailors went on by the coach—the prisoner, the prosecutor, and I remained behind—we pursued and came up with the coach on the Chatham side of Shooter's Hill, and the prosecutor got his bag which had been carried by mistake to the coach with the other luggage—the prisoner rode from Shooter's Hill first inside and then out—he rode inside to keep the prosecutor quiet—he was mad and pulled the curtains and broke the top—he was drunk.

Q. Till you got to Blackheath was the prisoner inside with the prosecutor? A. Yes—we then took up a passenger—I do not know who he was—the sailor must have seen that passenger get in—he got in and rode to Deptford and paid me 1s.—I did not go to the Lord Duncan, but to the Rose and Crown—the sailor then said, "This is London; I wont go no further"—he got out and had a pint of ale at the Rose and Crown.

Q. You did not undeceive him that he was not in London, though you had taken his money to drive him to London? you let him get out under the delusion that he was in London? A. He was mad and would not go—he took hold of the horse—the prisoner and the sailor went away from the Rose and Crown—I had a call aside and lost my van—it was a very foggy night—I could not find it—I went down to Chatham by another conveyance—the prisoner got out on this side Shooter's Hill—he remained inside till he got to Black heath—the sailor came out and in too.

Cross-examined. Q. How did he do that? A. By crawling over the front of the carriage—he did that several times—he wanted to drive—he whipped the horse from time to time—they broke my whip between them—they all wanted to drive, and then the prisoner bought me another whip—we got to the Rose and Crown between seven and eight—I did not go out from the Rose and Crown—I left my van somewhere there—they hired this van for themselves for 2l.—that is the usual fare—the prisoner got the job, and called me—three of them ran away from us at Dartford on account of this sailor being so obstreperous—they staid at the Rose and Crown about ten minutes—they wanted to stop at every house—the public-house before the Rose and Crown, is the Bull, at Shooter's-hill, they got out there—the public-house before that, was the Fox and Hounds, they got out there, and staid about ten minutes—I know the prosecutor disposed of money to people, as he was going along—I saw him throw some sort of money to children and poor people as we went through villages, as the children came up to the van, crying out—the prosecutor threw money, and the others too, and he did so after the others left.

COURT. Q. Did you go on to London? A. No, I went on towards London, and passed the Lord Duncan—I went on towards New-cross, where I saw another conveyance—I asked the driver if he had seen my van—he said, no, and I went back by him—I had previously been back to the Rose and Crown, and could not find my van.





ELIZABETH WARE

re-examined. The Rose and Crown is about ten minutes' walk from my house, just over Deptford-bridge—I do not know whether

Wilson is the man that I saw in my house with the prisoner and the prosecutor, but he is the man who came with the prisoner on the Sunday.





JOHN MILLER

re-examined. This is my bag—it was hung round my neck—I shut it up close, and secured 25l. in it.
(William Baker, a van proprietor and butcher, of Rochester, the prisoner's employer; Mace Hopkins, a hackney-man, of Rochester; George Harris, of the Bull Inn, at Rochester; and William Record, a coach-maker, of Bedford, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before 


Edward Bullock, Esq.

