



1746. 




JAMES NOWLING
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwwlling house at 



Charles Innes, about the hour of eleven in the night of the 
27th of May, at 

St. Clement danes, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 2lbs. weight of cheroots, value 25s., and 1lb. weight of cigars 11s. his goods.






CHARLES INNES
. I live at No. 8, Holywell-street, Strand, in the parish of St. Clement Danes, and am a dealer in cigars. On Saturday night, the 27th of May, about eleven o'clock I was in my parlour adjoining the shop—I heard a noise outside, ran out of the shop, and observed a pane broken in the window, I ran to the door, and was pointed a person running off about thirty yards from the shop—I pursued, and he was taken at the top of Wyeh-street—I had not lost sight of him—it was the prisoner—he was brought back to my shop—the hole in the window was large enough for a man to put his hand in—I lost 2lbs. weight of cheroots, and one bundle of cigars, worth 1l. 15s. in all—I had seen the glass perfect five minuted before.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you seen the cigars safe five minutes before? A. Yes—I looked at the glass myself from inside—I am certain it was not broken then—I saw the prisoner by the light of the gas—I saw his back then, but did not lose sight of him till he was stopped—I got closer to him as I went on.





ISSAC ABRAHAMS
. I live with my father, in Holywell-street. On Saturday night I was knocking at myt father's door, which is aboput five yards from Innes's, and nearly opposite to it—I turned round and saw the prisoner put his hand in at the window, take out some cigars, and put them under his handkerchief—he walked off—I crossed over, and told Mr. Innes—he ran as fast as he could—I ran too—the prisoner was taken—I never lost sight of him—I picked up one cigar—I do not know what became of the rest.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know him before? A. No—he had got about thirty yards when I told the prosecutor—I cannot say whether he took the cherrots—the cigars were in a bundle—I only saw him put his hand in once—he did it as I turned round.





FREDERICK DARTON
. I am a police-man. I hears an alarm of "Stop thief" and found the prisoner in the prosecutor's custody—I took him to the house, and then to the station, searched him, and found this handkerchief in his hat, and two bits of leaves of cigars in the handkerchief—i returned to the spot where he was stopped, and picked up these thirteen cigars.





CHARLES INNES

re-examined. These are of the same description as the cigars I lost.

Cross-examined. Q. What size was the bundle of cherrots? A. Nearly as big as the face of my hat—a piece of glass was taken out and put on one side—the space was large enough to get them out—I have not found the cherrots.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.



First Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

