



2056. 




WILLIAM MINCHIN
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



William Menzies, on the 
14th of Oct, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 watch, value 3l.; and 1 chain, 6d.; his goods.






WILLIAM MENZIES
. I live at No. 9, Denmark-street, St. Giles. On the 13th of Oct., about half-past twelve o'clock at night, I was standing at my street door, going to open it, when the prisoner came up to me, and put a paper into my hand—I was surprised at it, but judged it might be a letter from some person wanting relief—I was proceeding to read the superscription by the light of the lamp; and while doing so, the prisoner made a snatch at my watch with his right hand, and then with both hands he broke the chain over my neck, got the watch, and ran away—it came out of my pocket at once by the force of the first snatch at the chain—I ran after him—I had a cloak on, and something in my hand—I was quite confused at the thing, and before I got to the end of the street the prisoner was taken—I

met the policeman coming down with him—my watch hat never been found—I did not myself see any other person near.

Prisoner. Q. Did not the policeman ask you if I was the man, and did you not say, "No, no?" A. No, I knew you immediately by your costume and everything—I was not the worse for liquor—I did not see you caught by the police—I fell, and before I got up to you the policeman was coming back with you.

COURT. Q. How long elapsed between losing your watch and his being caught? A. Not three or four minutes.





HENRIETTA FESSARD
. I am the wife of Mr. Fessard, a cook, at No. 31, Crown-street—about half-past twelve o'clock on the night of the 13th Oct., I went out to get some beer, and as I was going through Denmark-street I saw Mr. Menzies part with a friend—I saw the prisoner go up to him as he was at his door and deliver him a letter—I am certain he is the person—I saw Mr. Menzies turn towards the lamp, which stands very near his door, and I saw the prisoner make a snatch at the person of Mr. Menzies, and directly after run off—Mr. Menzies called out, "Stop him," and ran—I ran too—Mr. Menzies fell—I ran on swifter than he did, and saw the prisoner go into George-yard, and into a narrow part there—I was afraid to go up, but I stood till the policeman came—I pointed him out to the policeman, and he was taken—I am certain he is the man.





ALFRED KNIGHT
 (policeman.) I was on duty in Crown-street, and heard a cry of "Stop him!"—I went up George-yard, and took the prisoner in a very narrow part at the end, where there is no thoroughfare—I asked what he did there—he said nothing—I brought him and met Mr. Menzies, and he said, "That is the man."

Prisoner. You asked if I was the person and he said, "No, no." Witness. He said you were the man instantly.

MR. MENZIES
re-examined. The chain was a metal one, and strong—it was round my neck, attached to the watch which was in my pocket—the first pull took the watch out, and two or three pulls got the chain off—he pulled at least three times, and took both hands the second time—the chain was broken.

Prisoner. I am innocent.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.

