



1325. 




HENRY RIDLEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of March, at 
St. Marylebone, 8 pen-holders, value 20l.; 1 paper-cutter, value 2l.; 1 pencil-case, value 3l.; 4 seals, value 7l.; 1 vinegarette, value 1l.; 6 bottles, value 5l.; 1 ink-stand, value 11l.; 1 coat, value 4l.; and 1 pair of boots, value 10s.; the goods of 



Charles Baron Colchester, in his dwelling-house.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES LORD COLCHESTER
. I am an English peer, and reside in Great Cumberland-place, in the parish of St. Marylebone. On the 26th of March I retired to bed about half-past eleven o'clock—I had been sitting the latter part of the evening in the back drawing-room—when I went to bed I left the butler to extinguish the lights and see the house fast—I believe nobody else was up—I went into my study to put away some papers, the last thing before I went to bed—I had a silver inkstand on the study table, which, I have no doubt, was safe that evening—if it had not been, my attention would certainly have been called to it, as it is a small table, and I had occasion to go round the table—there were three ornamental pen-holders in the back-drawing-room, mounted with gold—the stem of one was blood-stone, and another cornelian—the three were worth more than 5l.—the ink-stand was solid, and ten or eleven inches long—the articles stated are altogether worth 30l. or 40l.—I had been sitting on the sofa—the table on which the pen-holders were was immediately opposite the sofa.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. I do not understand that you had a distinct recollection of seeing the inkstand when you went to bed? A. No; but if it had not been there, my attention would have been called to its absence—I have a distinct recollection of seeing the pen-holders in the drawing-room—I had used the ink-stand in the course of the day.





JAMES DELL
. I am butler to Lord Colchester. On Thursday, the 26th of March, the prisoner called at the house, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, and said he wanted to know if the kitchen chimney wanted sweeping, and that he came from Mr. Tozer—I sent him to the housekeeper, who was in the kitchen—at night his lordship called me to take the lamp away—I went to bed at a quarter to twelve o'clock, leaving every thing safe—I was awoke about half-past four o'clock in the morning, by a violent ringing at the area-bell—I got up, found the prisoner there, and another man with him—I wished to know why he rang the bell so often and so violently—he said he was very busy, and had other places to go to—I let them in, and gave them a light—they went into the kitchen—I left them there—I am sure the prisoner is the man—I knew him well before—I went to my sleeping-room, which is immediately opposite the kitchen, and put on some of my things; I then went up stain to call the maids, then came down and went to bed—the gas light in the fanlight of the hall-door was burning at that time, and there is a window which throws a borrowed light from the passage on the fire-place—while I was in my room I heard somebody in the kitchen—I looked through the pantry window, which looks from my room

into the kitchen, and saw one of the persons busy, apparently, before the fire-place, but only one of them; and while in my room I heard somebody go along the passage, which I supposed to be one of the maids—about half an hour after the prisoner came and knocked at my door, and said be wished to be let out, as I had locked the area-gate, and taken the key—I saw his companion in the area at that time—when I let them in they had an empty bag—when I let them out, I cannot precisely say which had the bag, but they had it with them, and it appeared to be fall—they wanted some beer, which I could not give them—I suspected nothing, and let them out—neither of the servants had come down stairs at the time I let them Out—nobody had an opportunity of coming into the kitchen except those two men—when I locked them out I went to bed, and remained there till half-past seven o'clock—I then went up to his lordship's dressing-room, which is on the ground-floor—the under house-maid gave me an alarm, and I then missed the silver ink-stand from his lordship's writing-table in the study, and a great-coat from a stand in the same room—I had seen them safe about eight o'clock the evening before—I also missed a pair of boots from the passage leading to the kitchen—they must have passed through that passage to go out—in consequence of what was said afterwards, I examined the lower part of the chimney, but did not look up it sufficiently to say Whether it had been swept.

Cross-examined. Q. You cannot tell which of them had the sack? A. No; nor which it was I saw in the kitchen when I looked through.





MARY FRANKS
. I am his lordship's housekeeper. About eight or ten days before the robbery the prisoner came to the house and asked me if the kitchen chimney wanted sweeping—I told him it did not, and when it did I would let Mr. Tozer know—I told him to ask Mr. Tozer if he could sweep the chimney with a machine, for it was Lady Colchester's wish that it should not be swept by the boys—he said, "Very well," and went away—on the day before the robbery he came again, and asked if the chimney wanted sweeping—I said it did, and asked if he had inquired of Mr. Tozer if he could sweep it with the machine—he said he had done so, and Mr. Tozer could not do it, unless Lady Colchester had two draft-holes made on the outside of the chimney—I told him the chimney smoked very much, and I would have it done by the boys in the morning—he asked at what time he should come—I said, "Half-past five o'clock"—I went down next morning at five o'clock, or twenty minutes after—the men had then gone—I found the kitchen-maid in my room—I looked at the kitchen chimney, and it had not been swept at all—I put a candle up, and opened all three of the flues, and there had been no soot taken from them.

Cross-examined. Q. What sort of examination did you make? A. I put a light right up the chimney, and I think no boy could have passed there without disturbing the soot, and there was a plate of iron which they must push up, and there was soot banging on it.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are you able to state whether it was swept or not? A. I am able to say it had not, except just where it had been swept on the hobs.





GRACE BAKER
. I am upper house-maid to the prosecutor. On Friday morning, the 27th of March, Dell came up-stairs to call the servants—I was down a little after five o'clock—I went to the sink-room—I was not there long—I went to the small drawing-room, and opened the shutters,

then I opened the large drawing-room shatters, then the front drawing-room, and afterwards the back drawing-room, and then went to his lordship's dressing-room on the ground floor—I did not stay there many minutes—I went back to the drawing-room, and went to my work there—when the clock struck seven I went up to Lady Colchester's room, and them went down stairs to the lower apartment, and from the table in the large back drawing-room I missed the pen-holder, the vinegarette, a gold box, a paper knife, a scent-bottle, and a bundle of gold seals—I had not left the drawing-room from five to seven o'clock—nobody could have been there—there is only one staircase to the house—on missing the articles I went down to the housekeeper, and found the kitchen-maid there.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you miss the things after you came down from her ladyship's room? A. I missed them before, but thought her ladyship might have taken them up.





ELLEN DOWLINE
. I am the kitchen-maid, and sleep with the house-maid. On the Friday morning I got up at a quartet-past five o'clock, and went to the kitchen—the sweeps were then gone—I was there rather more than ten minutes, before any body came down—nobody came there but the servants—there was less dirt than sweeps usually make in the kitchen—I looked at the kitchen as I thought they could not hare half-swept it from the little dirt there was, and found it had been swept just at the bottom part, but the ash-pit had not been emptied as usual, nor the flues—I mentioned it to Mrs. Franks—she sent to fetch the sweeps back, but they had left.





CAROLINE MARSH
. I was living in the house—I came down about six o'clock, and missed the ink-stand about half-past seven o'clock—nobody could have got into the house except the sweaps.





RICHARD TOEER
. I am a master-sweep, and live in. Adam's-mews, Berkeley-street. The prisoner had been in my employ, and had left me a fortnight the very day before the robbery—I did not direct him to go to Lord Colchester on the 26th of March to inquire about the chimney—he never came to tell me her ladyship wished the chimney swept by a machine—I never told him to say it could not be done unless two draft-holes were made outside the chimney.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe he lived with you about a year and two or three months, three years ago? A. He did.





GEORGE THORNTON
 (police-constable D 109.) I accompanied Linley to the Great Mogul public-house, in Drury-Lane, on the 31st of March, and found the prisoner there, in company with another man, and two females, a little after ten o'clock—Linley said, "Come out"—I said "Yes, come into the parlour"—he said, "Very well," and the other man said something likewise—he came out into the parlour, and said, "What is it you want me for?"—Linley said, "For the robbery in Great Cumberland-place"—he said, "I know Cumberland-place; if that is all you want me for you can make nothing of that now"—that was while Linley was putting the handcuffs on the other.





WILLIAM LINLEY
. I am a police-sergeant. I went with Thornton to the Great Mogul public-house, found the prisoner, and told him I wanted him—he said, "What for?"—I said, "For the robbery at No. 8, Great Cumberland-place"—he paused for half-a-minute or so, and said directly, "If that is what you want me for I don't mind; you can make nothing of that now"—I took him into custody—I found 2s. on him and letter

—on Friday, the 27th of March, the morning the robbery was committed, I was in Portman-square, near Great Cumberland-place—I knew the prisoner well, and saw him that morning, between eight and nine o'clock, at the corner of Portman-square, in company with a person named Leonard—he had sweep's clothes on, and had a bag with him, apparently full—when I took him I found this letter on him.
(Read)—"March 30th, 1840—Dear Henry, I send my kind love to you, hoping to find you well, as this leaves me as well as can be expected. Dear Henry, I hope you will not venture up here again; but if you will meet me next Monday night, I will be there at eight o'clock. Dear Henry, I am surprised at your not keeping it more secret where you are, from the chaps up Paddington. I must conclude, with lore from your well-wisher.





"ANN HOLDER."







WILLIAM LINLEY

re-examined. Paddington is near Cumberland-place.





THOMAS PEACOCK
. I am a mechanical chimney-sweeper, and live in Chester-mews. I was sent for on the 31st of March to Lord Colchester's, and swept the chimney with a machine—from the quantity of soot got out it certainly had not been swept on the 26th of March—it was very foul.

Cross-examined. Q. It was necessary to make some alteration before it could be swept by a machine? A. It was.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
