




813. 




JOHN PURDY
 and 




WILLIAM PEARCE
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
8th of February, 2 half-crowns, 1 sixpence, and 5 pence, the monies of 



David Jones, from his person.






DAVID JONES
. I am a labourer, and work for Mr. Ramsay. On the 8th of February I received four half-crowns from my master—I paid some away, and had two half-crowns, sixpence, and some halfpence left—the prisoners were in the Angel public-house, where I went to have a pint of beer—I merely knew them by sight—they sat by me—I went to sleep—I am sure my money was in my side-pocket—I was asleep about a quarter of an hour—when I awoke the prisoners were gone—I found my pocket cut, and the money taken away—next night I saw Purdy at the Britannia public-house, and said, "You are the person I have been looking for; you took some money out of my pocket"—he said, "I am not the only one who was in it, there are others"—he owned to taking one half-crown and 5d.—I gave him in charge—I saw Pearce the same night at the Angel—I charged him with it—he said nothing—I have not got back any of my money.





ELIZABETH SMITH
. I was at the Angel, and saw Jones fall asleep—I saw the prisoners sit alongside of him—Purdy was close to him, and Pearce sat on another table opposite him—I went away, leaving them there, and some time after I saw them come out together.


Purdy. Q. When Jones came into the public-house, was not his pocket cut? A. Yes, it seemed so—I said, any body might rob him in the way his pocket hung.





ROBERT BYLES
. I am a policeman. Jones gave Purdy into my custody—he asked what I took him for? I said, "For robbing Jones of his money," and asked what he took from him—he said it was no use denying I it, be took one half-crown, sixpence, and some copper—he afterwards said, be did not see why he should suffer alone, for Pearce was in his company, and took part of it—I took Pearce, and he said he supposed he must share his fate with the rest.

PURDY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

PEARCE*—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.




Transported for Ten Years.
