



676. 




JOHN CARTER
 was indicted

 for embezzlement.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.
GEORGE RICH. I am a licensed victualler, living in Margaret-street, Golden-square; the prisoner came to me as bar-man in Dec. On the 5th of Jan. I marked six shillings—I gave them to Mr. Walbank, a neighbour, at ten o'clock at night, and asked him to take them to my house, and buy something—I left the bar, for the purpose of giving Mr. Walbank an opportunity of coming—I left the prisoner alone in the bar—I took all the money from the till, and put in six shillings and sixpence, which I had marked—there was no other money in the till—I had an officer watching in the bar—I soon after looked at the till, and took all the money out, and only found three of the shillings which Mr. Walbank had brought—while I was taking the money out, the prisoner left the bar in a hurry, and went into a parlour just at the back of the bar—there was no one in the parlour—the prisoner had no business there—he was in there a minute—I then called in an officer to search him—he found no marked money on him—I went into the parlour ten minutes after, and I first saw two shillings—I said, "These are not them"—the officer said, "I must search further"—he found four more shillings, and amongst them were two which I had marked, and given to Mr. Walbank—the prisoner was then taken to the station—he said he hoped I should not be hard with him, it was the first time he had taken any thing.





EDWARD WALBANK
. I am an undertaker, living near the prosecutor—I

received six marked shillings from him on this day—I went to the bar and purchased something—the prisoner served me—I paid him the six shillings—these are two of them—I find the same mark on them.





ABSOLOM ARNOLD
 (police-sergeant L 8.) I was called in about ten o'clock, after Mr. Walbank came—I was desired to search the prisoner—I found one half-crown and 9 1/2 d. on him, but no marked money—I went to the parlour—Mr. Rich was there alone—I searched in the ashes of the fire-place, (the fire was alight) I there found two marked shillings, and two not marked—these are the two marked shillings—when at the station, the prisoner said he hoped Mr. Rich would not be hard with him, it was the first time he had taken any thing.

Prisoner's Defence. My business was to wait on the parlour—I went to look after the fire.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
