




1219. 




WILLIAM WALKER
 and 




FRANCIS GRIFFITHS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
27th of March, 128 lbs. weight of lead, value 18s., the goods of the 


Earl de Grey and others, and fixed to a certain building; against the Statute, &c.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES ROBERTS
. I live in Duke-street, St. James's. I am the appointed

collector of the rates of St. James's-square—the square and the ornaments on the east, north, and west sides of it, are vested in certain trustees, by an act of parliament—Earl de Grey is one of the trustees, and there are more than one other. On Saturday afternoon, the 28th of March, I went into the square, and observed that the lead had been stripped off the roof of the summer-house there—I had seen it safe the day before—it bad been placed on the summer-house by Messrs. Knight, by my direction, and I paid for it out of the funds furnished by the trustees—I have since seen the lead fitted to the place—this is it—(produced)—these two pieces I particularly know as having some paint attached to them, as there is to the other parts of the building—it had been nailed down.





JOSEPH JUDGE
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Knight, of York-street. In 1837 I laid the lead on the summer-house, in St. James's-square—on the 30th of March I went to that summer-house, and this lead was produced to me—I compared it with the place from whence lead had been taken, and in my judgment it had been taken from there—it tallied in all respects.





WILLIAM MILLERMAN
 (police-constable B 95.) In consequence of information, on Friday night, the 27th of March, I apprehended Griffiths in Brewer's-green, Westminster—I asked if he had seen Walker that evening—he said he had not—I asked him if he knew any thing about any lead—he said, "Yes, I have, you know all about it"—I compared the lead with the place, in company with the plumber, and it corresponded exactly.





WILLIAM BUTLER
 (police-constable B 139.) About a quarter-past nine o'clock, on Friday evening, the 27th of March, I met the prisoners in Tothill-street—they were together, but Griffiths was rather before Walker, and was carrying a bundle—I stopped him—he said he had got some lead, which he brought across the park—I called to Walker to stop—he had got some lead—I said I would take him to the station-house—he struck me with this piece, and kept brandishing it at me, and said I should not take him—another officer came up, and we took him to the station-house—Griffiths got away—as Walker was going to the station-house he threw down some lead, and at the station-house I took some more from his jacket pocket, rolled up—I found a knife on Walker, which appeared to have been cutting lead.

Walker's Defence. I was coming from work, and saw this lead alongside the south rails in the park.

Griffith's Defence. Coming across the park, I picked it up.

WALKER—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

GRIFFITHS—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.




Transported for Seven Years.
