



2830. 




FREDERICK HAWKES NOTTAGE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
22nd of June, 7 printed books, value 1l. 12s. 6d. the goods of 



William Haynes; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






MARY HAYNES
. I am the wife of William Haynes, and keep a stationer's shop in Basinghall-street. The prisoner came to my shop, and represented himself as an author, and made small purchases—I afterwards missed some books—he came one day, and said be wanted some Bibles and Prayer-books, to take to some ladies at Greenwich, who would come to town in a day or two, and would call and pay me for them—he was to show them, and asked me the price—I said they were all marked in common figures, if they took them they could call and pay for them—they were never returned or paid for—no one ever called to pay for them—the prisoner never accounted for their not being paid for—these now produced are the books.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Are these the books that he had on the 22nd of June? A. No—these were pledged on the 22nd of Jane—I do not know when he had them—I was compelled to leave my shop the lint week in June.





BENJAMIN MITCHAM
. I live at No. 12, Union-place, Stepney-green. I was in the service of Mr. J. Wallis, of Aldersgate-street—on the 22nd of June I took these four books and a waistcoat in pledge of the prisoner for 6s.





JOSEPH LEWIS RICE
. I am a hair-dresser. The prisoner left me tone duplicates for money I had lent him—this is one of them—it relates to these four books.





WILLIAM BROOM CROSS
. I am a policeman. On the 17th of September I took the prisoner into custody for illegally pawning thirteen books—on the Monday, before he went before the Magistrate, I got the duplicates from Rice—one of them relates to these four books, and to two pledged at Bilson's.





EDWIN BILSON
. I produce three books, two belonging to Mrs. Haynes, pledged by the prisoner for 4s. on the 22nd of June.

MRS. HAYNES
re-examined. These six books are mine—some the prisoner took to show to other parties, and some were for some ladies, in Artillery-place, to read—he said that they were only staying there a few days—they were to be returned, and he was to pay for the reading of them—I never intended to part with them, except for the purpose he stated.

Cross-examined. Q. About how long before the 22nd of June did you let him have these books? A. It was the first week in June—I remember it perfectly well—there were more books than these—I am sure these particular books were in my possession in June—these are not Bibles and Prayer-books—I do not keep a library—I sell publications, and let them out to road, and charge so much—I had no conversation with him after wards about the books that went to Artillery-place, only about those that went to Greenwich—he did not ask me the price of those that went to

Artillery-place, nor promise to pay me for them—I asked him if he could not pay his stationery bill, to return me the books—he had a bill with me for stationery—he has been dealing with me ever since I took the shop, which was at Christmas—he paid me for trifling articles which he had for four months, and then got into my debt—my husband is in a lunatic asylum—there was no bill of these books given to the prisoner—two or three books were taken without my knowledge—I did not miss them till I left the shop—I made several applications for payment of the bill, but not for the books—I wanted them returned—three of the books in question were taken without my knowledge altogether.





JOHN SUMNER
 (police-constable S 257.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—the prisoner is the party referred to in it—I was present at his trial—(the certificate being ready stated that the prisoner had been convicted of forgery in June, 1836, and transported for life)—I believe his sentence was commuted.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.
(There were four other indictments against the prisoner.)
