





1422. 




HENRY WILLIAM,



 JOHN DAY
, and 




JOHN WALKER



, for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



henry savage at 
christ church, and stealing 11 spoons, 1 pair of sugar-tongs, 1 pencil-case, and 1lb. weight of cigars, value 4l.; 2400 pence, 4800 halfpence, and 1000 farthings; his property; to which


WALKER* pleaded 



GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.


MR. PLUMPTREE
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY SAVAGE.
 I am a victualler, and keep the Bear and Ragged-staff, Upper Ground-street, in the parish of christ church, Surrey. On the morning of 4th may I went to bed a little before two o'clock—I was the last up—the doors and windows were all safe and fastened—I was awoke by my sister, who sleeps in the next room, and about four o'clock came down, and found the street-door open—no one was there—the place was in the greatest confusion—the back-parlour window, which the night before was fastened by the hasp, was open—the upper sash was pulled quite down, so that a person could get in at the top—there were no marks of footsteps—the street-door had been opened from the inside—the parlour door was broken open, and the lock taken from the door—I missed 20l. in copper, about 6s. of it was in farthings, from a desk, which was inside the bar—it had been locked, and was forced open—I missed two silver table—spoons, two salt-spoons, a pair of sugar-tongs, seven tea-speens, a silver pencil-case, and a pound of cigars, worth altogether about 25l.—I know Williams and Day sight—they had been in the parlaur the night before, as customers—they came in about eleven—I did not see them leave—there were spots from a wax taper inside the desk.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY.
Q. Was not William your potboy? A. No—I saw him in the house two or three days before—I do not know what time he left on that night—I saw him several times—the last times was near twelve—the prisoners were the last persons in the parlour—there was company upstairs, and a few persons standing about the bar.





WILLIAM ROGERSON.
 I am the prosecutor's servant. I saw Day and Williams in the tap-room, about half-past twelve o'clock on the day before the robbery—Day said he had helped a man get a horse up on Blackfriarsbridges, and his hands were dirty—he went to the back to wash them—that part faces the parlour, where the windows was found open—from there a person could reach the hasp of the window.






HENRY CUMNER.
 I am seventeen years old, and am in the service of Mr. Halts, who keeps a coffee-shop at 77, Drury-lane. I know all the prisoners—I saw them at our house together, about a week before 4th May—on 4th May, they came between four and five o'clock in the morning, and had breakfast; tea, coffee, eggs, and bread and butter—Walker asked me in the presence of the others, whether our back parlour was disengaged, as they wanted to settle some business between themselves—I heard Day ask my master whether he would take 5l. or 10l. worth of half-pence—he took 5s., worth—I saw Day produce them—the reckoning came to 1s. 3d. or 1s. 4d.—they paid that in penny pieces, half-pence and about twelve farthings—one of them fetched a cab, and they went out together—Day seemed to have something hid under his coat—his pockets bulged out—before they went, Walker gave me a parcel which I gave to my master—I saw it opened—it contained these six silver spoons (produced) wrapped in a handkerchief—the next morning I found this piece of red wax taper (produced) in the corner under the seat. where they had been sitting.

Cross-examined. Q. How long were at breakfast? A. Twenty minutes—Williams had breakfast with them—he said nothing to me.





ROBERT HALTS.
 I keep the Eagle coffee-house, Drury-lane. I know the prisoners—they came there between four and five o'clock in the morning of 4th May, and shortly afterwards went away in a cab together—after they were gone, Cumner gave me a parcel, which I opened, and took these spoons from it.





HENRY SAVAGE

re-examined. These spoons are mine—these is "H. E. S. on them—they were safe the night before—the wax on the desk was red, the same as the taper.

WILLIAMS—GUILTY. Aged 28.—



Confined Two Years.


DAY—


GUILTY.** Aged 53.—


Transported For Ten Years.


Before Mr. Recorder.

