




2171. 




JOSEPH DYKE
 and 




MARY ANN BRENNAN
 were indicted for

stealing 1 watch, value 5l. 5s.; 1 purse, 6d.; 1 handkerchief, 1l.; 5 half-crowns, 15 shillings, and 8 sixpences; the property of 



John Urquhart, from his person; they having been before convicted of felony.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN URQUHART.
 I live Inverness-shire—I am a stranger in London. On Friday night, the 10th of Sept., about half-past eleven o'clock, I was in Drury-lane—I went into the White Lion public-house—I remained below a few minutes, and took something to drink—I heard some singing up stairs—I asked the man if it was a public room—he said it was—I went up, and asked what was to pay—the prisoner Dyke, who was the chairman of the meeting, said, "A shilling"—I paid him the shilling—he invited me to take a seat on his left hand—I sat a little while, not many minutes—there seemed to be a little disorder amongst some of the company—I wished to go away—I called for some drink, and paid for it—I think it was two glasses of rum-and-water—I did not drink any myself up stairs, I had down stairs—I was quite sober—I retired after I had paid for what I ordered—Dyke said he wished to speak to me particularly at the bar of the house—Brennan got up with him—I was going down, the two prisoners followed me, and Dyke pushed me against the balustrade, or the wall of the stairs, put his hand into my right waistcoat-pocket, and took my watch out, and Brennan took my purse from my right-hand trowsers-pocket, and my handkerchief from my coat-pocket—I took the purse from her with great violence, and she returned to the room—my watch was fastened to the chain—I cannot say how Dyke took it—most likely he unscrewed the swivel—the watch was gone, and the chain remained—I called out I was robbed, and ordered the landlord of the house to shut the door, which he did very reluctantly I thought, and I noticed three or four persons went out—I cannot tell whether Dyke was one—I am not sure how much was in the purse, but when it was counted in the office at Bow-street there were five half-crowns, fifteen shillings, and eight sixpences—Brennan had got it almost out of my pocket when I took it from her—I went up stairs afterwards, and found her—I said I was robbed—she threw my hand-kerchief to me, and said, "There is your handkerchief, and be d—d"—police-man No. 47 came—I gave her in charge—Dyke was then gone, but I saw him afterwards—I am quite sure he is the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE
Q. How long had you been in London.


A. I only came the day before, and slept that night alone, at a private house in Great Suffolk-street, Borough—I do not recollect that I had drank anything before I went to the White Lion—I do not remember where I dined—I most likely dined at a cock shop—I went into the White Lion to have something to drink—I had been to see a young lady—I had a glass of wine at her house, and staid about an hour—I had left her an hour or two previous to my going to the public-house—I had been going about the town—I had nothing to drink after I left the young lady—I cannot be positive whether I had rum-and-water, or ale, at the bar of the public-house—I think it was a glass of rum-and-water, and one of gin-and-water that I called for in the room—I paid a shilling for them—I am not sure whether the staircase was dark or light—I think there were twenty-five or thirty persons in the room—there was no singing while I was there—there was dancing—I did not dance—I was five or ten minutes in the room.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALF
Q. How many women were there in the room? A. I could not speak positively—there were several when I went out of the room—Dyke followed me, and Brennan followed him—I know that because I gave a side-look occasionally—I had got a yard or two from the door before this attack was made—it was on the landing, on the top of the stairs—I went down stairs—I cried "Police!"—I went up again, and told the whole company I was robbed—I looked about, and saw Brennan—she was sitting with her companions at the top of the room—I said, "You are the party that took my purse"—she threw my handkerchief at me—I did not sit down—I was rather excited—I was looking at her when the handkerchief was thrown—that was before the policeman came—I was down stairs at the bar then, and Brennan had come down also—I gave her in charge to No. 47—another policeman, No. 152, went upstairs—I went with him to see for my watch.





JONAJHAN MAYHEW.
 I am waiter at the White Lion—there was a convivial meeting there that night, and a raffle—Dyke was the chairman—there was dancing and singing—Urquhart sat next to the chairman—he ordered some liquor—I served it—he ordered me to bring up two more glasses—I went down, and heard a great bustle on the stairs—he called out that he was robbed—I did not go into the room again till it was all over—Brennan was one of the party—I could not see who was with Urquhart when he said he was robbed—I did not go into the room again till it was all over—Brennan was one of the party—I could not see who was with Urquhart when he said he was robbed—when he came to the bar he complained of being robbed of his watch—my master ordered me to shut the door—I did so, and my master came and locked it—Dyke was not there when the door was locked.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE
Q. What did you take to Urquhart first? A. Two glasses of rum-and water—he paid me for them, and ordered two more, one of gin, and one of rum, but I did not take them up—there was a candle burning on the staircase—it is not much of a light, certainly—there was a light in the room.





HENRY ATTWOOD
 (policeman, F 152) On the 10th of Sept. I heard a cry of "Police!" and went to the White Lion—Urquhart said, in Brennan's Presence, that she had robbed him of his purse, which he took out of her hand; and that he returned to the room, where he found her sitting, and that she threw his handkerchief to him, and told him to take it and be d----d—she said she was innocent—Dyke was then gone—I went to several public-house to look after him—he kept away from that neighbourhood—I did not find him till last Friday week, at St. Luke's—I knew he lived in Short's-gardens.

Cross-examined by
MR. PYNE.
Q. When you took him, did he not say, "I am accused what I Know nothing about?" A. Yes—he did not deny

being the chairman, nor that he had taken a shilling from a person who be supposed had lost his watch—he denied that he had stolen the watch.

MR. PAYNE
to
JOHN URQUHART.
Q. Have you bought another watch: A. No. I had another at home—I am a farmer.

JURY.
Q. How long before you missed it had you seen it? A. I looked at it about a minute after I went into the room—it was screwed on to the swivel—the swivel was not broken—I cannot do it so quickly as he did it.

COURT.
Q. Had you been twisting it about in your hand so that you might have unscrewed it? A. No.—I am not aware that I had been playing with my watch in the visit I made to the young lady.





JOHN PHILLIPS.
 I was in the police. I produce a certificate of Dyke's former conviction by the name of Joseph Warren—(read—Convicted June, 1846, and confined Six Months)—he is the person.





GEORGE BULLOCK
 (policeman, E 28.) I produce a certificate of Brennan's former conviction—(read—Convicted Oct. 1845, and confined one year)—she is the person.

Dyke. I am innocent: the man who did it is at large.

DYKE—


GUILTY.** Aged 34.

BRENNAN—


GUILTY. Aged 20.





Transported for Ten Years.

