



420. 




JOHN BRADLEY
 was indicted

for stealing 4 pairs of boots, value 12s.; the goods of 



William Flight; and that he had been before convicted of felony.







WILLIAM FLIGHT
. I live at No. 60, New Church-street, St. Marylebone, and am a shoemaker. On the 26th of Dec. I lost four pairs of boots, between one and two o'clock in the day—they had been hanging in front of the shop door—I saw them safe at one o'clock, and missed them about half-past one—I afterwards found one pair of them at Mr. Trail's, a pawnbroker, in Church-street—the others are not found.





THOMAS SAINT
. I live in Exeter-street, Lisson-grove—a little after one o'clock, on the 26th of Dec, I saw two persons, one of whom I firmly believe was the prisoner—I would not positively swear to him, but I have no doubt about its being him—they were at Mr. Flight's shop window—soon after that my attention was called by my wife and they were both running away—the one who I believe to be the prisoner stopped in Church-street and pulled out Mmething from his jacket, which I saw was either boots or shoes—I saw the soles of them, I did not Bee what he did with them—I went to Mr. Flight's and gave information.





ELIZABETH WHITE
. On Friday the 26th of Dec., about one o'clock, the prisoner was standing at the street door of No. 20, Steven-street, where I live—he asked if I wanted to buy a pair of boots, I said, "No," and I asked him where he got them—he said he was going up Church-street and picked them up—I told him I would ask my landlady if she would buy them, and she bought them for her son's wife—I gave the prisoner 1s. 6d. for them—these boots are like them, but I could not swear these are the boots.





ELIZABETH SACHEVERALL
. I live at No. 13, Canal-terrace, Camden-town. I was at No. 20, Steven-street, about one o'clock that day, and White asked me to buy a pair of boots—I said I did not want them—my son came in and asked me for 1s. 6d. to pay for them—he said they would fit his wife—I said, "If I lend you 1s. 6d. I shall have to take them to Mr. Trail's, in Church-street, to get my money to take me home"—I took the boots I got from White to Mr. Trail.





WILLIAM ROGERS
. I live with Mr. Trail, a pawnbroker, in Church-street—I produce this pair of boots which I took in of Sacheverall.





WILLIAM FLIGHT

re-examined. These boots are mine, they are one of the four pairs I lost.





EDMUND CALLAHAN
 (police-constable D 134.) About eleven o'clock on Sunday the 28th of Dec. I took the prisoner in Steven-street—I told him I wanted him for stealing some boots from Mr. Flight's—he said, "Who said I stole them?"—at that moment White was coming along with an officer, and the prisoner said, "Did Bet White say I stole them?"—I said, "No"—White then said, "I sold a pair of boots for him, and gave him the 1s. 6d."





GEORGE THORNTON
 (police-constable F 109.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted the 25th of Feb., 1845, and confined six months)—the prisoner is the person—he had been in custody before, and he is one of the thieves that infest Marylebone.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

