



2462. 




JOHN MCCARTHY



, feloniously cutting and wounding 



George Quinnear upon his head, with intent to do him grievous bodily harm.—2nd COUNT, to resist and prevent the lawful apprehension of a person unknown.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.





WILLIAM SMITH
 (policeman, P 32). I was on duty on 7th Oct., about seven o'clock, in the Walworth-road, with George Quinnear—we were in plain clothes—I saw the prisoner with another man, who had his hand in a lady's pocket—the prisoner was walking close behind him, covering him—I said I am a constable—I took the prisoner, Quinnear took hold of the other—the prisoner got away from me—I lost sight of him for a minute or two—I communicated with the lady—while the other man was scuffling with Quinnear, the prisoner returned, went up, and struck Quinnear on the head with what had the appearance of a small stick—he immediately fell—I caught the prisoner striking a second blow; he struck me with this instrument on the forehead—I saw blood come from Quinnear—several persons were behind, beating me about the head—my hat was broken all to pieces—the stick appeared about a foot and a half long—the blow appeared to be more severe than a stick of that length would give, that was not weighted at the end.





GEORGE QUINNEAR
 (policeman, C 201). I was with Smith, and saw the prisoner and the man with him, with his hand in the lady's pocket—I took that man—I was struggling with him—he was trying to shift out of his coat—the prisoner came up—he took a short stick from his dress, and gave me a deliberate and violent blow on the head, which broke my hat and cut my head—I was felled to the ground—the stick appeared to be very heavy at the end—I still kept hold of the man, and as I was falling the prisoner struck me again on the shoulder, and the other man escaped, and left his coat and hat behind—I bled, and was taken to the doctor's—I had told the man I was a police-officer—I have been unfit for duty till this time.





ENOCH DAWSON HOWITT
. I am a surgeon. On 7th Oct. Quinnear was brought to my house—I examined his head, and found a clean incised wound, about three-quarters of an inch long, such as might have been inflicted by a severe blow from a stick—it corresponded with the holes in the hat—it would require a heavy blow to cut through the hat, and produce that wound—if the stick had not been loaded, I should say it would not have done it.

Prisoner. Some one struck me on the side of my head, I turned and struck the officer; I did not know he was an officer; I never had a stick; there were two witnesses who have not been called.





WILLIAM HINTON

examined by the Prisoner. I saw you strike with you: fist, but not with a stick—you had a stick in the first instance.





THOMAS BARBER
. I saw Smith take you, and you struck him two or three times with your fist.




GUILTY
. ** Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years
.
