



2937. 



GEORGE HAWKINS
, was indicted

 for feloniously uttering a forged request for the delivery of goods, with intent to defraud the 
London and Blackwall Railway Company.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






BENJAMIN HODSON
. I am a porter in the service of the Blackwall Railway Company. About two o'clock on Saturday afternoon, the 6th of August, the prisoner and another came there—the other delivered me this order—I compared the marks on it with the marks on the dock notes, and the goods—finding it corresponded, I delivered the goods, consisting of a tierce of coffee, to the prisoner and the other man—they had a truck, and took away the coffee on the truck—on the following Monday a gentleman from Tunley and Hodson, the canal-carriers, applied for the same goods—the foreman presented him the order I had received on Saturday, the 6th of August, and it turned out to be a forged one—last Tuesday week Goodwin called—I accompanied him to the police-court, Worship-street—I was shown one of the cells, with five persons in it, and among them was the prisoner—I selected him from among the five—I have not the least doubt that he is one of the men that came for the goods.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. How long have you been at the Railway? A. Two years—I recollect every person that comes—about forty persons come in the course of the day—the prisoner was there from five to seven minutes—I was a constable on the Birmingham Railway before I went to the Blackwall—I left because my brother officer threw my switchers into the water, and was discharged—they were found afterwards.





ALBERT FINCHAM
. I am clerk to Fincham and Matson, Martin's-lane, Cannon-street. This order is not in the handwriting of any of our firm—it has not been issued by any one in our firm—the dock warrant for this coffee had been originally in our hands—we had handed it over to Tunley and Co. To get the coffee—I do not know Elston—no authority was give to him to write this order.

Cross-examined. Q. How many persons are in the firm? a. Three, Fincham, Matson, and Pott—two of the partners attend there every day—Mrs. Fincham, my mother, is one—I have seen the other two partners write.






ROBERT CORK
. I am a town carman, and carry on business in St. Punstan's-hill. I know Thomas Elston—I have many times seen him write—the whole of this order is in Elston's handwriting.





GEORGE BARBER
. I am servant to Messrs. Tunley. I received a dock warrant for the delivery of a tierce of coffee from Fincham—I went for it, and it was gone—I do not know the prisoner, nor Elston—I had not authorised either of them to write or utter this order.





RICHARD GOODWIN
 (police-constable N 217.) On Tuesday, the 12th of October, I took the prisoner on another charge—I took Hodson to Worship-street—he was shown one of the cells, and selected the prisoner from the five who were in it.

Cross-examined. Q. He fixed on any one he liked? A. Yes—I am not to have 10l. for this job.
(Order read)—"To the superintendents of the Blackwall Railway. Please to deliver to the bearer 1 cask of coffee X Marlboro T. F. J. No. 28 6 3 10 Lot 37. 6th August, 1842, Fincham, Matson, & Co."




GUILTY
., "—


Transported for Fifteen Years.—(See page 1280)

Second Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.

