



2440. 




ELIJAH REED



, stealing 1 watch, value 7l. 10s.; 1 half-sovereign, 1 shilling, 1 sixpence, 2 pence, and 1 halfpenny; the property of 



George Cotterell, from his person.






GEORGE COTTERELL
. I live at 5, Little Barlow-street, Marylebone. On 19th Sept. I was at the Lord Duncan, at Deptford, between twelve and one o'clock at night—the prisoner was at the door as I entered—he had a cab there, and proposed to take me in it to London-bridge for 1s.; but after we got outside the door I asked him what part of London he was going to—he asked where I wanted to go to, and I said if I stopped by Bond-street I should be near home—he said he was going there, and would take me for 18d.—I said if he would I would give him a drop of beer—he required payment from me at the public-house, which I refused—he said he had taken fares frequently, and when they got to their destination they had not money to pay with—I asked him if he thought it was the same with me—he said, "Yes," and I showed him half a sovereign, and some silver, and returned it to my pocket—he said, "Old fellow, I may as well have your shilling as any one else's"—he had some beer and tobacco, which I paid for—I was going to get on the box by him—he said I had better get inside; would I have no objection to his looking for another fare—I said, "No," and got inside—he put up both the windows—I objected, and he said, "When you get to your destination, if you should be asleep, I will wake you up, and he drove on—the cab stopped in the Westminster-road—I woke up directly; I was not sound asleep—I found it was not my destination, and slumbered again—about two minutes after the prisoner came back with some other parties, two, I think, and said, "I have got a b----y old bloke here," or words to that effect—I do not know what that means; he was speaking to the other parties—I distinctly heard the words—there was some conversation—the door then opened, and he said, "He is sound asleep"—I felt a handkerchief vibrating in the air several times, and I was completely insensible, and yet conscious of what was going forward—a hand was afterwards put into my waistcoat-pocket twice—I heard a party say, "Put his knife back again;" that was returned, and I felt a hand in my trowser's-pocket, and I rose up in the stupified state, in which I was, and turned round, inclining on my right side, and said, "What are you doing?'"—there was again a vibration of a handkerchief seven or eight times, and I felt a hand at my trowser's pocket, and in about two minutes the prisoner came round to the door, and said, "Old fellow, I can't take you any further for nothing"—he took me out with violence on the pavement, and drove away—I ran after the cab about 150 or 200 yards, when I was tripped up, and the first person I saw after I got up again was a policeman, to whom I related the circumstance—I went to the station-house, and gave information, and went the following morning to the Badge-office—I got information the following day, and he was taken on the Saturday following—I lost 1s., 6d., a half-sovereign, my watch, and 2 1/2 d., or 3d.—I know I had it about me when I awoke in the Westminster-road, and it was all gone when I was pulled out of the cab—I cannot tell what they gave me to inhale,

but I felt completely stupified; I felt a vibration in the air to and fro—I had had nothing to drink with him—I had walked from Woolwich, having lost the conveyance—I am perfectly satisfied the prisoner is the man that drove me from Deptford to the Westminster-road.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. Have you always been satisfied he is the man? A. Quite; I never mistook any other man—I never asked any other person whether he was the person that drove me—I asked a man named White whether he was down at Deptford on the Tuesday night—he said he was—I did not ask him whether he brought me from Deptford; I positively swear that—I asked him if he had brought a fare from Deptford—I asked that to apprehend the prisoner, because he was in conversation with him at Deptford half an hour before I entered the house—I had no doubt he would say he knew nothing about it—the prisoner showed me his badge at Deptford—I was not satisfied whether it was 2696, or 2969: but it was four numbers, and I know the left-hand figure was two—I went to the Badge-office, and found such a badge was not licensed—I then went to the station-house again—they could give me no assistance or information—I then went to the Lord Duncan, at Deptford—they did not know the cabman—directly I saw the prisoner I recognized him, and he said, "That is the man that I 1 brought from Deptford," speaking to me—I had been at work that day from five to one o'clock—I then went from London-bridge to Greenwich, where I transacted some business with an ironmonger—after that, it being fine, I went to Woolwich, and remained there till I lost the last boat to London—I was drinking and enjoying myself at the Waterman—the last steamer started I about a quarter to eight—it was a quarter to one when I started with the prisoner from Deptford—I stopped at Woolwich, after my brother left of ork with his shipmates, till twenty past ten—I then walked through Green-wich to Deptford, and met the prisoner—I did not drink anything after I left Woolwich; I drank nothing at Deptford—I accepted the glass out of the prisoner's hand, and just put it to my lips, but did not drink anything—I had not been in any other house before that—it was the first time I was at the Lord Duncan—I do not know whether I came up the Old Kent-road—I do not know my road about that way—I cannot say whether I car through a toll-bar; I believe there is a toll-bar—I do not know whether it is customary to pay a fresh toll after twelve—I did not pay toll; I swear I did not pay any money after leaving the public-house—I did not pay the prisoner any money before leaving the public-house—I was to pay him 18d., and he was to have a glass of anything he liked to drink, when we got to London—he had a pint of porter, half a quartern of gin, and a pipe of tobacco, before we started, at my expense—it might have been twenty minutes after leaving Deptford that I went to sleep—it might have taken an hour or an hour and a quarter altogether coming from Deptford—I found myself in the Westminster-road about a quarter to two o'clock—I was not sound asleep the whole time, I did not doze the whole time—I tried to amuse myself by looking through the glass, perhaps about a quarter of an hour, and then 1 dozed, and after that I have very little recollection of the objects along the road—I have not the slightest recollection of the toll-bar—I am certain the toll-man did not put his head into the window, and I pay him the toll—we first stopped in the road in a line with Westminster-bridge, very near a night-house there—I know it was in a line with west-minster-bridge, because I went over the bridge afterwards—I do not know the neighbourhood much—I did not know where I was when I first looked out of the cab window when it stopped; I did not know till afterward—I saw

it was not my destination—I was not very sleepy—I thought the prisoner had got off for his own convenience, and I dozed off again—I leaned back—I did not see the waterman there when I was pulled out—I did not stop to see any person—I might have seen him, but did not recognise him—I followed the cab—I am certain the cab did not go on again after I looked out of the window, previous to my being thrown out of the cab—I was not asleep, though dozing—I will undertake positively to swear the cab did not go on after I looked out of the window till I was pulled out—I have no recollection of the caiman stopping and taking up another fare—I do not recollect a woman being in the cab—I heard a woman's voice outside the cab door when it stopped—no person got into the cab after I left Deptford till I was pulled out—a woman and a man did not get in—I am quite sure I was not at all sick during the evening—I had drunk porter and a glass of gin and water, no brandy, nor rum, or wine, or ale, only porter and gin—the jolting of the cab did not make me sick—I am quite positive I was not sick in or out of the cab.

COURT. Q. How long were you under the influence of what you suppose was a stupifying medicine? A. Three hours after I was taken to the station I was not in my original senses; I felt, in fact, completely stupified—while it was strong in operation I felt what occurred to me, but I could not move to resist it—I distinctly felt my pockets rifled—the prisoner said, "I have got a b----old bloke here," speaking to the parties he had about the cab door.





ROBERT JONES
 (policeman). On Tuesday night, 19th Sept., I was on duty in the Westminster-road, and at a little before two o'clock saw the prisoner pass me, driving a cab—I had an opportunity of seeing him, his face was towards me—after he had got fifteen or twenty yards he commenced flogging his horse, put it into a gallop, and went down York-road—I saw Cotterell running after the cab along the Westminster-road—he gave an alarm, and told me he had been robbed of his watch, a half-sovereign, 1s. 6d., and some copper—the cab was going very fast down the York-road—the prosecutor was quite sober—he was excited, but not from drink—he went with me to the station—I found the prisoner in custody on the following Thursday, and knew him again.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen him before? A. Yes, on different ranks—I was standing under a lamp as he passed me—it was in the bend of the road—it is rather broad—it was at two o'clock in the morning—he did not go very fast till after he had passed me ten or fifteen yards—he turned and looked at me, and the gas shone full in his face—after he passed me he began to whip his horse, and if I had caught the number I should have taken it, for furious driving—that was why I took notice of him—it was about fifty yards from where the prosecutor was, and for that fifty yards, till he passed me, he was cantering his horse, going at the ordinary pace—I saw both the prisoner and the prosecutor before he came up to me—the prosecutor did not give any alarm till he came up to the corner of York-road—he was excited, but not drunk—I did not see him roll over—I cannot say whether there were other people there then, I was not there—two females came up from Westminster-bridge way—there might or there might not have been people coming in the same direction as the prosecutor—I did not notice anybody—the prosecutor said he had been thrown on the pavement—he said he had either fallen down, or he believed he had been tripped up by one of the prisoner's associates, as he was pursuing the cab.





JAMES FROST
 (policeman.) I apprehended the prisoner on Saturday, 25th

Sept., in York-street, York-road—I told him I wanted him for robbing a person in his cab—I hesitated a little, as his wife was there, and told him I would tell him what it was for as we went to the station—he requested me to tell him, and I told him it was for robbing a man of his watch, whom he brought from Deptford in his cab—he said he had brought an old bloke from Deptford, and as he was conveying him to the Westminster-road he took up another fare, and as the fare was in the cab he was sick all over the other parties, and they got fighting in the cab together; that he put the other fare down at the Elephant and Castle, and brought him into the Westminster-road, and thought he had brought him far enough for 1s., and there he bundled him out of the cab, and drove off—as we were going to the Police-court, he said, "I can see the old bloke means to stick to me, I can see it in his ways," or words to that effect—the word "bloke" is a common term used among cabmen—I cannot say the meaning of it.

Cross-examined. Q. When you went to him he at once admitted he had brought a fare from Deptford? A. He did—I believe there is a toll-bar between Deptford and the Westminster-road.





ELIZABETH HAY
. I am wife of William Hay, who keeps the Lord Duncan public-house, at Deptford. I recollect the prisoner being in that house on a Tuesday, a fortnight before I was examined—the prosecutor was there, and treated him to half a quartern of gin, a pint of porter, and a pipe of tobacco—I did not see the prosecutor take anything—I did not perceive that he was at all intoxicated—he did not give the prisoner any money in front of the bar.

Cross-examined. Q. He paid for what the prisoner had? A. Yes—I believe the prisoner drank it all—part of the gin was left on the counter, the prisoner drank the rest—I did not see the prosecutor put the glass to his lips—I believe I should have seen him if he had—I was close to him—he did not appear to have been drinking at all when he came in—he seemed a little fatigued—he said he had walked from Woolwich—he came in between twelve and one o'clock, and remained about a quarter of an hour—I saw him and the prisoner start together—the prisoner appeared perfectly sober.





GEORGE HEWETT
. I am waterman, at Lambeth-place, Lambeth-square. The prisoner drove up there on the morning of 20th Sept.—I saw him open the cab-door, and the prosecutor came out very quickly, and fell on the pavement as he got out—in about two minutes the prisoner got on the box again and drove on very steady, and when he got his horse straight he shoved on, but at a very moderate pace—I did not see him five yards—he did not start at a quick pace.

Cross-examined. Q. He kept a moderate pace during that time? A. Yes—I saw the prisoner open the cab-door, and saw the prosecutor fall on tie pavement that moment—he came out very quickly at the door—I cannot say whether he fell out, or whether he was pulled out—I was very busy at the time—I had three horses in front, and happened to cast my eye that way when the door opened—it was a very short time after the cab drew up, hardly two minutes—the man jumped down off his box and opened the door directly, and the man tumbled out on the pavement.

JURY. Q. Did you see anybody about the cab at the time the man fell out? A. No—the stand is in Mount-street, Westminster-road—the cab stopped on the right side of the watering-place as you come down the New Cut—it is in a straight line with Westminster-bridge.





GEORGE COTTERFLL

re-examined. I did not pay my fare—it was not asked for—I was pulled at of the cab with a great deal of violence, and the

prisoner directly got on the box and drove off—I did not see any one else about the cab when I got up—my watch has not been traced.
(John Alien, tobacconist, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years
.
