




1254. 




WILLIAM SMITH
 and 




JOHN PACKER
 were again indicted for

stealing, on the 
20th of May, 2 jackets, value 6s., the goods of 



Rodney Taylor Boyce: 1 jacket, 9s.; 1 shawl, 3s.; 1 pair of shoes, 6d.; 1 brush, 1s.; and 2 pair of stockings. 1s.; the goods of 



William Martin Boyce.






JOHN CLOKE
 (police-constable S 56.) I apprehended the prisoners on the night of the 20th of May, in Gloucester-place, Camden-town, and took them to the station—after that I went to Mr. Boyce's at No. 5—I saw some traces in his garden—I found the property in No. 6, altogether—I produce it—two pairs of dirty stockings were found lying at the bottom of Mr. Boyce's wash-house steps—I observed that the prisoners had each a pair of clean stockings on—I asked them were they got them—they said they bought them in Monmouth-street—I took them from them, have had them ever since, and produce them—I afterwards received these shoes—I compared them with the footsteps in Mr. Boyce's garden, and they tallied.

Smith. He swears false.





EDWARD ROSSEAU
. I was present when these shoes were taken from the prisoners and given to Cloke.





WILLIAM MARTIN BOYCE
. I was alarmed about half! five o'clock in the morning of the 20th of May by my servant—I came down stairs and found two pairs of dirty stockings close to the wash-house—that was before the policeman came on the premises—he got over the wall to Dr. Leifchild's premises and came back with a bundle—I did not miss anything till the policeman showed me these things—two of these jackets belong to my brother, Rodney Taylor Boyce, and are marked with his name—this jacket and shoe-brush are mine, and this pair of shoes is my wife's—one pair of ehese clean cotton stockings belong to my wife's sister, whose maiden name was Margaret Thwaites—she is married to my brother Rodney—I marked them myself—the other pair are my wife's—this shawl is my wife's.





JOHN CLOKE

re-examined. This pair of stockings belonging to the prosecutor I took from Packer—I took particular notice of them.





LOUISA TUBB
. I am servant to Mr. Boyce. I came down between five and six o'clock in the morning, and found the wash-house had been entered—I alarmed my master.

Smith's Defence. I and Packer were going up Oxford-street on the Monday, and just at four o'clock we were standing on the curb by the Green Man and Still, Oxford-street; a gentleman came up and asked whether I would hold his horse; I held it for about three-quarters of an hour, and he gave me 1s.; a little ragged boy came up and asked me if I wanted to buy any stockings; I gave him 3d. for one pair, and 2d. for the other.

Packer's Defence. I say the same as Smith.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.

PACKER—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.





Transported for Seven years.


Before Mr. Baron Platt.

