




2127. 



HENRY JONES
 and 




JOHN DAVIS
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 watch, value 5l.; 1 guard chain, 10s.; and 1 key, 3d.; the goods of 



Thomas Bailey: and 2 spoons, value 10s.; the goods of 



Thomas Dean, in his dwelling-house: to which


JONES pleaded 


GUILTY
.—



Confined Six Months.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution






THOMAS BAILEY
. I know Mr. Dean's house, in Brunswick-square, St. Pan-eras; it is his dwelling-house. On Friday morning, the 30th of Oct. I was en-gaged with somebody in the house who was mending some pipes, and heard a female servant scream out—I ran, and met her coming from the area—she gave me information and I missed a watch, which I had seen safe ten minutes before, from the pantry, which is in front of the house, next the area—there are two doors before you come to it—I ran out immediately—the area gate was locked, but the area door was open—they must have got over the area gate or railing—I ran out—a gentleman directed me round into Bernard-street—I saw the prisoners running very fast abreast of each other, and followed them—Davis turned round and saw me, and then they ran faster—I overtook' them near the top of Wilmott-street—Davis said he had been pursuing Jones; I said they must both come back—I had seen them running abreast of each other for about 300 yards, for a minute and a half—Davis could have secured Jones at any time, if so inclined—I asked where the watch was—Davis said he had got it, it was all right—he said he had seen Jones get over the gate, and ran after him—I said then he must come back as a witness against Jones—he followed me back to the house, holding Jones by the collar—when they got back I asked where the watch was—Davis said, "Here it ii," and produced it from his pocket—I took them down below, and discovered that there were two spoons gone from a drawer—I asked Jones if he had anything else—he said he had not—then Davis searched him, put his hands all over his person, and said he had got nothing—Jones was afterwards searched at the station, and delivered up two spoons from his jacket pocket—I cannot say whether Davis put his hand into that pocket, but he squeezed it up, and said he had nothing—this watch and the spoons produced are my master's, and have his crest on them.

Davis. Q. You say I searched his pockets? A. You took them up and felt them, and said you would search him.





HENRY SMITH
 (policeman) I went to Mr. Dean's, and took Jones to the station—he had no shoes on—I asked him where they were—he said he had

left them in the area—I found them in the coal-cellar—Davis gave his address at the station, No. 7, Little Coram-street—a policeman was sent there—he is not here—Davis afterwards told me he lived in Westminster, and finally at No. 17, Colonnade—I heard him give those three addresses within a minute or two of each other—he was detained at the station—I heard him say there he had never seen Jones before, and had no knowledge of him whatever.





MARY SUTTON
. I sweep a crossing near Brunswick-square. At half-past nine o'clock, last Friday morning, I saw the prisoners together between Nos. 14 and 15, Brunswick-square, leaning over the railings—Mr. Dean's is No. 14—I am certain they were both there—I saw them for about five minutes, and then saw Jones get over the railing of No. 14—Jones came up in about five or ten minutes—Davis remained there all the time, and when Jones came up, Davis lifted him over the railings—they went down the square, and up Bernard-street—they were on the run, and turned up Wilmott-street—1 did not see them again till the footman brought them back—I had never seen them before.

Davis. Q. Did not you say at the station you saw us walk away together? A. No—I had a shade over my eyes—you passed very close to me—I noticed you by your stopping so long before the house.





ANN MANSFIELD
. I am the wife of Thomas Mansfield, of Melina-coort, Riley-street, St. Pancras; I sweep a crossing at the opposite corner to Mn. Sutton. About a quarter to nine o'clock I saw the prisoners talking together, and walking very gently towards Brunswick-square—I saw them pass me—I did not look after them—they turned round the corner from Great Coram-street—the beadle brought them to me about half-past nine, and I recognized them.

Davis. Q. Did not you say before that it was half-past eight o'clock when you saw me? A. No.





MART COLLINS
. I am in the service of Mr. Dean. I saw Jones in the pantry putting something into his jacket pocket, and Davis outside walking about—I called to Bray ley—I asked Davis to lay hold of Jones, and said, "Will you hold him and keep him there?"—he said, "It is all right, I will hold him; you may go in"—as 1 went down the steps I turned round, saw Davis put his hand up, and lift Jones over the railing—I saw nothing more till they were brought back.





JOHN JAMES ALLEN
 (policeman.) I know both the prisoners, Davis by the name of Ready, for about six years, and Jones about six weeks—I have seen them together passing and repassing in the neighbourhood of Holborn six or seven times at least—on Thursday morning I saw them in Kingsgate-street.

The prisoner Davis called






MARTHA DAVIS
. I am the prisoner's sister. I am a servant out of place at present, and live in Little Coram-street—I was last in service at Mrs. Smith's, in Great Russell-street, Bloomsbury—the prisoner bears a good character—he did not go out last Friday morning until five or three minutes to nine o'clock—I saw him go out—we do not live in the house alone—my father and the landlady live there—my father was at work.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. How do you know the time? A. We have a clock in the room—it was not twenty minutes to nine o'clock when he went out—he lived with me at home—my name is not Ready—it is two months since lived with Mrs. Smith—I lived there nearly twelve months—I was taken j ill, and was obliged to leave—I cannot exactly say what was the matter with me—I was at home washing when the prisoner went out—we have only one room—my father, my sister, and myself all sleep there—my sister was at home that morning—she is outside the Court—when my brother went out, I was standing at the fire-place washing the breakfast things—my sister was getting

ready to go to work—she is an artificial flower maker—she looked at the clock also, as she has to be at work a little after nine o'clock—I do not wash the breakfast things always at a particular time—our house is about 100 yards from Brunswick-square—ours is a Dutch clock—it goes very well—I cannot say when I last set it—I think it was about a month ago—my father set it—it was about five minutes to nine o'clock that the prisoner went out, as well as 1 can judge—I cannot exactly say whether I have any recollection of the time by looking at the clock—it might be a quarter before nine o'clock when he went out—it is no use my telling a story.

DAVIS—


GUILTY
.†* Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.

