



1285. 




WILLIAM GARDINER
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
24th of March, at 
St. Marylebone, 3 coats, value 7l.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 15s.; 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; and 6 capes, value 20s.; the goods of 



John Deans Campbell, in his dwelling-house.






MARION DEANS
. I am nurse and housekeeper to Mr. John Deans Campbell, of No. 2, Montague-square, in the parish of St. Marylebone. On the 24th of March, about half-past two o'clock, I went home, and on going down the area I saw the prisoner looking out of a vault by the dust-hole—I pushed open the door and asked what he wanted there—he said was selling papers, and doing something for himself—he was going to push past me—I caught hold of his coat, and said he should not go till a policeman came—I called the butler, who held him—a policeman came, took him into the dust-hole, and these clothes were all strewed about there—they had been in a cupboard in the housekeeper's room, and must have they taken from there—two of the coats were worn by the coachman—they are all Mr. Campbell's property.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You have not told us half that took place? A. To the best of my knowledge I have—I first of all saw the prisoner come out of one of the vaults, when I was looking down the area—he went towards the area door—the front door was open—the

butler had opened it to let me in—I went in, and went to the top of the, kitchen stairs to call the cook—I did not go in through the area-gate and do not know whether it was open or not—I did not say any thing to the butler, but called the cook—she came up to me—I spoke to her and then ran down stairs into the area—the prisoner was then looking out of the dust-hole vault, with the door partly open—the clothes were not all in one place, but strewed about the dust-hole—there are packing-boxes in the vault, on the top of each other—things are not taken there to be brushed—the coachman brushes his own clothes—they were all livery clothes.

COURT. Q. Was there any coachman at that time? A. No there were clothes used by the coachman when there was one.





GEORGE WYATT
. I am butler and footman to Mr. Campbell. I opened the door to Deans that day, and waited with the door open, in consequence of her having one of the young gentlemen with her—he remained on the steps—she asked for the cook, and went below—I soon after heard her a the area calling to me—I went to the front of the area-gate, and saw her holding the prisoner behind—she said, "Collar him"—I went down, seized him, and asked what business he had there—he said he had come down to sell tracts, and pulled some papers from his pocket—I asked what he did in the dust-hole—he said he went there to do something for himself—I held him till the policeman came—I did not go into the dust-hole—I had seen the clothes in the cupboard in the housekeeper's room two boon before, when I went to get the clothes-brush to brush my own clothes—I took the brush from off the livery.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you in the habit of going to that cupboard? A. Frequently for little things which I keep there—I am sure I noticed the livery there that day—other articles are kept in the cupboard, but no other clothes—the livery was folded up on the centre shelf, and I took the clothes brush from that shelf—the cupboard is left open—the servants have access to it—a coachman is only occasionally required, and he then wears the livery—I cannot tell when he was last there—we do not have a regular man, but any one the livery-stable keeper sends.





JOHN BAINBRIDGE
. I am a policeman. I went to the dust-hole will Mrs. Deans, and found the things lying about on the top of the dust




GUILTY* of Stealing only. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
