



1349. 




JEAN LE GRAND
 was indicted

for stealing 1 purse, value 6d.; 1 half-crown, 1 shilling, and 1 sixpence; the property of 



Maria Gurnay, from her person.






MARIA GURNEY
. I am single, and am cook in the service of Mr. Pitt, of Clapham-road. On Monday, the 7th of June, about half-past eight o'clock, I got into an omnibus in Piccadilly—the prisoner got in and sat on my right hand—the omnibus stopped at Charing-cross—while it was stopping I felt the prisoner draw his hand from my right-hand pocket—I did not see him—I turned round and looked at him, and he got up and left the omnibus—he was not getting up before I felt that—I felt in my pocket and missed my purse—I know it was safe when I got into the omnibus—I had in it half-a-crown, one shilling, a sixpence, and a piece of paper with black hair in it—I gave an alarm to the conductor, who went after him—the conductor afterwards gave me my purse, and I gave the prisoner in charge—he waa about a quarter of a yard inside the omnibus.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Did you feel your purse safe when you were in the omnibus? A. No, before I got in—the omnibus waa nearly full of people.





ROBERT HAGGERSTON
. I am conductor of the Kew-bridge omnibus. The prosecutrix got in at Regent-circus—the prisoner got in before her—he got out at Charing-cross, while I was taking money—I took his money, tad he walked away towards Spring-gardens—the lady said, "He has got my purse"—I said, "Be positive"—she said, "I am quite positive"—I caught the prisoner at the corner of Spring-gardens—he threw the purse at me—I picked it up—this is it—(produced)—in stooping to pick it up I lost my grasp, and he ran nearly into the Park—I caught him again—we had a dreadful tustle—he threw me down—when he found I was determined, he said he would give any money if I would let him go—I took him back to the omnibus, and gave the purse to the lady—he spoke in English—he said something when I first caught him that I did not understand.





PATRICK CURTIN
 (police-constable D 75.) At ten minutes past eight o'clock at night I saw a crowd at Charing-cross—Haggerston had hold of the prisoner—I took him into custody—he said, "Take me away, I don't care where you take me to"—I received the purse from the lady, and found half-a-crown, a shilling, a sixpence, and a small quantity of hair in it, in a piece of paper.




GUILTY
. ** Aged 60.—


Transported for Ten Years.

