




914. 




JAMES SMITH
 and 




RICHARD CLARK



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Francis King, at 
St. Marylebone, and stealing therein 17 spoons, 6 forks, 1 pair of sugar-tongs, 1 watch, and other articles, value 25l., his goods.


MR. BRIARLY
conducted the Prosecution.






FRANCIS KING.
 I am an oil and colourman, at 56, Wells-street, Oxford-street, in the parish of St. Marylebone. On 9th Feb. I went to bed about half-past ten o'clock, leaving the house secures in a proper manner—about a quarter-past six next morning, I was aroused by the servant, and found the contents of all the drawers strewed about the place—the outer doors were broken open, the shop-door, and the door into the passage—the parlour appeared to have been broken into from the shop—the street-door was a-jar—it was bolted and chained the night before—I think that had been opened from the inside, to get out—this is an exact plan of the premises (produced)—I lost seventeen silver spoons, a pair of sugar-tongs, six silver forks, the tops of the pepper and mustard-pots, a pencil-case, watch, guard, and other properly—I should

say must have taken four hours to effect the robbery—they drank half-a-bottle of wine, and a lot of brandy, and left a piece of wax candle burning in one of the cupboard—it was most providential that the hours was not burat down—it was piece they had brought with them—there was the appearance as if some one had got in at the parlour-window—we found a ladder on the other side of the wall—to get to the front of the house, they must have broken two inner doors—the till was emptied of every thing, and strewed all over the room—the day's taking were gone—I had come home rather late, and had not emptied the till.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLER.
Q. You imagine the entry was through the parlour-window, from the yard? A. Yes—there is a wall which they must have got over—I saw the street-door locked the previous night—the window is an ordinary one—it is never left open—I am sure it was shut.





JANE SIMESTER.
 I am servant to the prosecutor. On the morning of 10th Feb., I got up about six, or a quarter-past—it was not later—the two inner shop-doors were broken open, and stuck wide open—I had stood in the passage the night before, while my master locked them—the windows was pulled down at top and bottom—I gave master information.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. Is there any room built out over the parlour? A. No—my master always seen to the fastenings—we went up stairs together—the street-door was on the jar in the morning.





WILLIAM JARVIS
 (City policeman, 614.) On 10th Feb., about half-past nine o'clock in the morning, I was in Biahopagate-street-without, and saw a cab stop between Artillery-lane and Union-street, and two prisoners got out—I observed the handle of silver spoon sticking out of Smith's pocket, behind—I took hold of them, and told them they must go to the station with me—Clark turned round, purched his hand out mine, and said, "Oh, wait a bit," and ran away—I had plenty of opportunity of seeing him—I stood apposite the cab-door, and saw him get out—at first thought he was ill from the way in which be got out—I took Smith to the station, and found on him sixteen silver spoons, forks, a musical-box, and other articles—he said I ought to have had the other man, but as I had got him, he supposed he must pay for all—last Wednesday I again saw Clark at the Nag's Head, detained by a constable of the E division, and recognised him—I did not know him previously.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLER.
Q. You did not find any skeleton-keys on Smith? A. No, nor any jemmy—he made no attempt to run away.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.


Q. What makes you say the man who got away was Clark? A. Because I know his features—I did not see him again till 1st March—I recognised his features—that is my only reason for knowing him.





JOHN ARNOLD.
 I am a cabman. On Thursday morning, 10th Feb., I was on the rank in Berners-street, near the prosecutor's house—Smith came and asked me what I would take him to the corner of Sun-street, Bishopegste, for—I asked if there was any luggage, or any one going—he said there was him and another—I said"2s."—he said, "Very well"—I took them, as they got out, they gave me the 2s., and the policeman took them into custody—they had nothing with them except it was in their pockets.

COURT.
Q. Where was the other when Smith engaged the cab? A. I did not see him till the agreement was made—opened the door, and the other man walked over into the cab—they got in quick—I hardly remember which got out first—Clark is very like the second man—I saw them taken

into custody—they were fourteen or fifteen yards from the cab, and I could not hear what was said—I did not see one of them run away—I was in the act of turning my cab round—I drove back to Oxford-street directly—mine was a morning cab—I had not been on the rank above two minutes—I do not know what time I went home the night before.





JOHN SERGRANT
 (policeman, G 65.)
I apprehended Clark on 1st March, in Pulteney-court, St. James's—I told him I took him into custody on suspicion of being concerned with a man named Smith, then in custody, for committing a burglary at Mr. King's, Wells-street—he denied all knowledge of Smith and the charge—he went quietly with me—I did not see two men together at any time after I apprehended Clark—I knew Smith before—Clark was a perfect stranger—Smith uses the Star and Garter public-house, in Poland-street, about a quarter of a mile from Mr. King's—I looked for Clark there, in consequence of the description I had of him—I saw him come out there twice. and on the third occasion I apprehended him—I was on the lookout for him—Smith occasionally uses that house.

MR. PAYANE.
Q. And I suppose a hundred others? A. Yes—to the best of my recollection, I had never seen Clark before these two occasions—I never saw him with Smith—Smith was in custody when I saw Clark come out.





WILLIAM JARVIS

re-examined. When Smith was in Giltspur-street prison, he sent his brother to the Star and Garter, in Poland-street, for a pair of boots—he got them, and brought them to him.





FRANCIS KING

re-examined.

Besides the property produced, I lost there spoons, a lot of plated goods, a shawl-handkerchief, and a soup-ladle—this band (produced) is off my boy's cap—I have not found quite all

Smith. Clark is not the man that gave me the property when we went into the cab; he had brown coat on, and was a stout person.

MR. PAYNE
called
DAVID BUFFERY. I am a gas-fifter, at 45, Willson-Street, Somers-town. I know Clark—he came to me at my shop on 9th Feb., between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, remained with me till two in the morning, and slept at my place that night, as he said he had a long way to go home—I said, if he linked, he could sleep on my couch, and he did so—he had breakfast with me next morning, and I suppose it was half-past ten or eleven before he left—I swear he was in my house all that time, and could not have been committing a robbery in Wells-street.

Cross-examoned by
MR. BRIARLY.
Q. It is your own shop? A. Yes—I am a master—I have been there seven years—my attention was first called to this last Thursday—I remember the date, because we went to hear a song at sort of free and easy, a convivial party, which I have been in the habit of going to for some time, at the Independent, in Perry-street, and I was appointed to take the chair on the following Wednesday—Wednesday is the night of meeting—the prisoner was not in the habit of attending it—be never was there before, to my knowledge—it is not a quarter of a mile from my shop—we remained there till between one and two o'clock—we went there about nine—I got up about eight next morning—my shop is opened at seven—one of my men does that—the prisoner breakfasted with me, and remained till about eleven—I did not know where he lived—I have known him about two years—he has called on several occasions—he was no acquaintance particularly—I became acquainted with him by meeting him on several evening at different public-house that I am in the habit of using—I saw him perhaps two or there times a months—when I first saw him he bad cases of

pens and sealling-wax to sell, and I bought some of him—he appeared to be a sort of agent or twon-traveller—I know nothing of his friends—I am sure I have made no mistake about this Wednesday, because I was appointed to take the chair—I have taken the chair on several other occasions—a few friends who reside in the neighbourhood are in the habit of going to this house, and we have a song round—there is Mr. Mayhew, a retired publican, Mr. Bird, Mr. Howell, and Mr. Seymour—they were all there—I believe none of them are here.

COURT.
Q. Who let you in at your house when you got home? A. I let myself in—my apprentice was in the shop when the prisoner came there, and saw him—he is not here—my wife made breakfast for us—she is not here—I have kept the shop where I now live three years, and have been eight years in the same street—I have three persons employed in my business—I do not know where Mr. Mayhew is now—he is a tall man, of between forty and fifty, and grey-headed—(a prisoner named Mayhew was here placed at the bar) that is not the man—I do not know him—the Mr. Mayhew I know, formerly kept the Wheat Sheaf, in St. Pancras-road—I do not know persons named Duffleld, Burlton, Flowers, and Johnson—as far as I know, the prisoner has borne an honest character—I never heard any one speak of his character—it is about five months ago that I saw him selling pens and sealing-wax—there were upwards of thirty persons at this public-house on this night—Mr. Bird was in the chair—Mr. Fox was there; Mr. Dension, the butcher; and Mr. Shepherd, a pork-butcher—I never asked the prisoner where he lived—Mr. Holland keeps the house—he is not here.

MR. PAYNE.
Q. Is your name over your door? A. Yes—I am not acquainted or associated with thieves, that I am aware of—I only knew the prisoner by coming backwards and forwards, and occasionally taking a glass of ale with him.

SMITH—


GUILTY. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.


CLARK—


GUILTY. Aged 26.—



Judgment Respited.


(The witness Buffery afterwards stated to the Court that he had made inquiries of the publican at whose house he spent the evening, and found that he was mistaken in the day on which Clark was with him there; that it was the 16th, and not the 9th.)
