




925. 




THOMAS WATSON
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
20th of December, 24 files, value 1l. 1s.; the goods of 



John Morant Hervey, his master: and 




ANN COOK



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM REEVE
. I am a mill-wright, and live in Craven-street, City-road—I am foreman to Mr. John Morant Hervey—he is an iron-founder and smith, and lives in Brick-lane, St. Luke's. The prisoner Watson has been in his employ about three years—we have a great number of files, which pass through my hands to examine them and see if they are correct—I have lately missed a great number of them—the room in which Watson worked joined to the office in which the files are kept, and he had access to them if he thought proper—on the 20th of February the policeman came with Kellett, and Watson, whom I had seen there not three minutes before, made his escape out of the premises over a wall, and through some adjoining premises—I then went to a shop kept by Cowan, in Goswell-street, within five minutes' walk of the prosecutor's—Cowan calls himself a general dealer—he deals in files and all sorts of things—I found eighty-two files there—I looked at them, and these two I can identify—I know they

are my master's, and I believe the whole of them are his, and in addition to these eighty-two, Bee produced three more files which I believe to be my master's—I cannot tell which of these the prisoner stole on the 20th of December—I knew the female prisoner by her bringing Watson's dinner every day in a basket.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. They passed as man and wife, did they not? A. I believe they did.

Cross-examined by
MR. THOMPSON. Q. What is there particular in these two files? A. One has been broken, and the point has been drawn up in a clumsy way—these have not been worked with since they have been re-cut—this one was used previous to being re-cut—it is not the habit of workmen to break off the end of a file—the tongue of this file has been broken off since it was re-cut—we never sell any files.





SOLOMON COWAN
. I live in Goswell-street, St. Luke's. I remember the prisoner Watson coming to my house—I had some files exposed for sale at my door, and he came and said, "Are you in the habit of buying files?"—I said, "Yes, sometimes"—he said he was a file-cutter, and he was in the habit of having a great many at times—I said I would buy them if they suited me—about two days after, on the 3rd of December, he came, and brought two dozen of files with him—he asked 15s. a dozen for them—I said I could not give that, as they were re-cut; I could not give more than 10s. a dozen and I gave him 1l. for the two dozen—he gave me the name of "Cook, No. 12, Memel-street, St. Luke's"—I have no doubt the files now produced are part of what he brought—some time afterwards the female prisoner came, and brought two dozen of files of the same sort—she stated she came from her husband, and asked me to buy them, and I bought the two dozen of her for 18s.—I think that was about a fortnight after I had bought these of the male prisoner—she afterwards came again, and I bought two dozen more of her—she came again, and said she had some more, but I said I was full, and did not buy any more of her—I put them on the shelf, and on the 20th of February I was applied to—I gave up the files I received of the prisoners to the prosecutor and the officer.

Cross-examined by
MR. THOMPSON. Q. When were these identical files sold? A. I cannot tell—I bought once of the man, and twice of the woman—I cannot identify any of them—it is probable some of the files now before me were sold on the 3rd of December.





JULIA COWAN
. I am sister to Solomon Cowan. I remember the female prisoner coming with two dozen of files to my brother's—I paid her 18s. for them in my brother's presence—I had seen the male prisoner there about a fortnight before the woman came—he brought two dozen.





THOMAS KELLETT
. I live in Noble-street, and work for Mr. John Morant Hervey, in file-cutting. In consequence of information, I went to Mr. Cowan's on the 19th of February, as I had lost some files—I found some that had my master's private mark on them—I picked out six or seven—I then got a policeman, and told him to take care of them—these are them—I have not the least doubt that they are my master's files—they were old ones, and cut at my place—I afterwards went to the prisoner's house—I saw the female prisoner there, and three files were on the table, which the policeman took possession of—I knew they were Mr. Hervey's.

Cross-examined by
MR. THOMPSON. Q. How do you know that these files were taken from you? A. I was two dozen files short, and I sent

two dozen out of my own cupboard to make up Mr. Hervey's, and these are some of them.





DAVID PEARSON
. I work for Mr. Hervey. I saw the policeman come into the yard, and Watson said, "For God's sake, where shall I hide? It is on a warrant;" he then got away over the wall.

WATSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Ten Years.

COOK—


NOT GUILTY
.
(There were two other indictments against Watson.)
