



392. 




THOMAS PENNYFATHER
 was indicted

 for stealing 2 pairs of boots, value 10s.; the goods of 



Alexander Scott; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ALEXANDER SCOTT
. I live at Edmonton; my wife, Elizabeth Scott, keeps a shoe-shop. On the 20th of Dec, between five and six o'clock in the evening, I missed two pairs of cloth boots from the shop—these are them—I know them by my own writing on them.






SOPHIA GLADISH
. I am apprentice to Mr. Scott; his wife keeps a shoeshop. On Saturday evening, the 20th of Dec., I missed two pairs of boots from the window—I saw them safe about three o'clock in the afternoon—these are them.





HENRY WILLIAM RUSSELL
. I am a pawnbroker, and live at Tottenham. On the 20th of Dec., between six and seven o'clock, the prisoner offered me these two pairs of boots in pawn—I am certain he is the person—he give the name of Richard Pursell, Barefoot-lane—he said the boots belonged to his mother—I asked him how it was she had two pairs—he then said one pair was his sister's—I gave him into custody.





SAMUEL SANDLE EMSON
. I am an officer. I was going into Mr. Russell's shop, and the prisoner ran away—I took the boots—I made inquiry for Richard Pursell in Barefoot-lane—there is no such person.

Prisoner's Defence. The pawnbroker said I was in his shop at seven o'clock, and there was a wagoner Who said I was at the Wagon and Horses at seven, which is a mile and a quarter distant from the shop; that man went to Edmonton to speak, and they would not let him; the prosecutor lost them between five and six o'clock; I Wit at home then.





THOMAS PENNYFATHER
. I am the prisoner's father—on the evening the pawnbroker says he was at his house, he was at home with me near the Bell; at Edmonton, about a quarter past five o'clock—my house is about a quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's—I left home at a quarter past five o'clock—I went home about seven o'clock, and my son followed me into the house—he might have been out from a quarter past five till seven o'clock for whit I know.





HENRY WILLIAM RUSSELL
 (re-examined.) The prisoner was with me between six and seven o'clock—I kept him there for some time, and tent for a policeman—when he came the prisoner ran away—I had kept him in conversation a quarter of an hour—I alb sure he is the person.





RICHARD SINCLAIR
 (police-constable N 821.) I took the prisoner on the Monday night following at his father's house—he does not live in Barefoot-lane.





THOMAS CRAMP
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at Clerkenwell—(read Convicted 1st Feb., 1848—Confined six weeks and whipped)—he is the person.

Prisoner. This witness has been ill custody twice, once for robbing an orchard; I do not see that he is any bitter than I am.




GUILTY
.* Aged 15.—


Transported for Seven Years.

