



2317. 




BRIDGET ARMSTRONG
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
11th of June, at 


St. Marylebone, I cash-box, value 4s.; 24 sovereigns, I half-sovereign, 8 half-crowns, 40 shillings, 20 sixpences, I 10l. note, and 3 5l. Bank notes, the property of 



John Stroud, her master, in his dwelling-house.






JOHN STROUD
. I am a draper, living in the Edgeware-road, in the parish of St. Marylebone—it is my dwelling-house—the prisoner was my servant for about seven weeks—I kept my money in a cash-box in my linen chest—I generally lock the chest, but it so happened that I did not on Saturday, the 11th of June—I had that day in my cash-box a 10l. note, three 5l. notes, and money making it up to about 58l.—my insurance papers were there, and all the papers connected with my business—I saw the cash-box safe about three o'clock—the prisoner left the house between eight and nine that night, on pretence of going for a pint of ale—about twelve o'clock at night I went to put the money I had taken into my box, and I missed my cash-box and its contents—the prisoner did not return—she

left two gowns and a shawl at my house, which are there now—I went to the station between one and two o'clock—they sent an officer to my house—I traced the prisoner to George-street, Paddington—on the Sunday morning the officer came to me in plain clothes, and she was taken—she denied having seen any thing of the box—I can swear to this box by a mark on it—it had contained the money and notes.





GEORGE BISHOP
 (police-constable D 30.) On Sunday morning, the 12th of June, I received information, and went to Anthony Cunningham's, in George-street, Lisson-grove—I found the prisoner there, and said I was an officer, come to take her in custody, on suspicion of stealing a cash-box, from Mr. Stroud, of Edgeware-road—she denied it—she was taken and had three hearings, and then was discharged—I took her again on the 6th of July, with four others, to the station—when we got to the station Creen was charged by Cunningham, and then the prisoner said, "As it has gone so far, I will tell all. I did take the cash-box; Mrs. Cunningham broke it open, and took the contents out"—she said Mr. Cunningham had persuaded her to take it, and told her to bring it there; nobody would ever hear of it—she said the situation was hard, and the children were cross—I found the box in a water-closet, where the prisoner told me it was thrown—there was nothing in it—I have not traced any of the notes.





JAMES ELMER
 (police-constable D 79.) On the morning of the 7th of July I was on the premises when this box was taken up from a water-closet.

Prisoner. I am very sorry; I was advised by Cunningham to take it.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.
