



1759. 




BENJAMIN THOMAS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
31st of May, at 

Paddington, 1 watch, value 7l.; 1 ribbon, 2d.; and 1 key, 2d.; the goods of 



Robert Link, in the dwelling-house of 



Aaron Goldsmid.






ROBERT LINK
. I live with Mr. Aaron Goldsmid, at No. 10, Southwick-street, Hyde-park, in the parish of Paddington. On the 31st of May, Leathart brought the prisoner to the door, saying he had been in at the bottom of the house, and took something from the bottom of the house, he did not know what—his hand was in his pocket—he brought him into the house, desired him to take it out, and when he took it out of his pocket, I saw it was my watch—the prisoner gave it into my hands, and said, "Oh, pray forgive me, for my father's and mother's sake"—it had been in the pantry, to which he could get by coming down the urea, and entering the house.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you see him take the watch out of his pocket? A. Yes—I am quite sure of it—I did not know him before.





JOSEPH DAVIES LEATHART
. On the 31st of May I was coming down towards my home in Oxford-terrace, and saw the prisoner and two companions near Mr. Goldsmid's house—their manner excited my suspicion—I watched them some time—when they passed the house they looked down the area and repassed—at the bottom of Oxford-terrace one of them tried the area gate—I followed them round two or three streets into Southwick-street—I saw the prisoner's companion go to the gate of No. 10, open it, and go down—the prisoner and the other were on the opposite side higher up—I parsed when the first man was down the area, and saw somebody in the kitchen

answering him—he came up, and joined the prisoner and the other in Oxford-square, where they had some conversation—the prisoner returned, went down the area of No. 10, the same house, and in a few minutes I came towards the house—when I got within two or three doors of the house the prisoner came up—the moment I got opposite him I stopped him, and said, "What have you got?"—he said, "Nothing"—I touched his side pocket, which stuck out—I called to stop the other two, but they got away—a person came to my assistance—the prisoner put his hand into his right hand pocket—I saw he wanted to take something out—I clasped him round, and took him back to the house—when we got to the parlour he pulled out a watch, gave it to the butler, fell on his knees, and begged him to forgive him, as it would be hard for his mother—I went for a policeman.

Cross-examined. Q. How is it you have not got into the police yet? A. I have got very good recommendations—I am a house decorator—I have been a witness here very often—one of the other boys was about the prisoner's age, and the other rather older.





JAMES CROFTS
 (policeman.) The prisoner was given into my custody.





ROBERT LINK
. This is my watch—I gave eight guineas for it on the 17th of Nov.—the area gate was not fastened—I do not know whether the door was open at the time, but it was a quarter of an hour before.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you buy it? A. At Mr. Purvis's, North Audley-street—it is a patent watch—I would not take 7l. for it.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.

