




2366. 




WILLIAM WINDSOR
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 purse, value 1s.; 5 shillings, and 2 sixpences; the property of 



William Nicholas Crouch, from the person of 



Lydia Crouch; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






LYIDA CROUCH
. I am the wife of Frederick William Crouch, and live in Brook-street, Kennington-road. On Wednesday, the 21st of Aug., about two o'clock in the day, I was walking near Garden-row, London-road—I missed my purse, containing five shillings and two sixpences, from my right-hand pocket, on being spoken to by a person in the street—I had my purse safe about ten minutes before—I did not perceive it done.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Where were you when you thought you had it in your pocket? A. In the Surrey theatre—I had been there to rehearsal—I had occasion to put my hand into my purse there, to pay some money—Garden-row is about five minutes' walk from the theatre—I carry my handkerchief in my pocket in which my purse was—the handkerchief was not taken—the purse was not particularly light—it has not been found—it was a striped silk purse.





HENRY HUGHES
. I am in the service of Mr. Folkard, a pawnbroker, in the London-road. On the 21st of August, about two o'clock, I saw the prisoner near Mrs. Crouch, who was walking in Garden-row—the prisoner was in company with three others—I saw him take up Mrs. Crouch's gown in his hand, and put his hand into the pocket, take it out, and put it into his own trowsers' pocket, as if he delivered something into his pocket—they then all turned round, and seemed consulting which way they should go—they walked out into the middle of the road—I ran down into the shop, and told our young man what I had seen done—I took him to the side door, and showed him the prisoner—I said, "Shall I go and lay hold of him?"—he told me to wait till he saw a policeman—he went, and saw one, and directly they saw him call a policeman they all ran away—I was on the second floor, and had a full view of the street—I distinctly saw the prisoner lift the dress and put his hand into the pocket.

Cross-examined. Q. What side of the road was this? A. The opposite side—the street is about fifty yards wide from where I saw him—I was not in the warehouse—that is on the third floor—Young was the person I spoke to—he is not here—I showed him the prisoner—he took the purse from the lady's right pocket, and put it into his left—I did not see what it was—he had it in his hand, closed—it was a fine day—I had never seen the prisoner before—I was looking at him four or five minutes—I ran down—I thought that was the best way of catching him—this occurred on Wednesday—I saw him two days after in Tower-street station; not in the ceil; he was brought out by a policeman to me into a room—the policeman said, "Is this the man?"—I said, "Yes"—I have made mistakes in my life very often—I do not attend in the shop—I am seventeen years old next month.

COURT. Q. How is your sight? A. Very good indeed—the prisoner had on a green frock coat, black trowsers, Wellington boots, black satin waistcoat, and black silk handkerchief—I described him to the policeman, by his countenance and dress too.





JAMES SARTAIN
 (police-constable L 101.) On the 21st of Aug. I received information from Hughes, and on the 23rd I apprehended the prisoner in the Westminster-road—I took him to the station, and fetched Hughes, who identified the prisoner—I was not the constable that pursued him—he was dressed as he is now—Hughes mentioned to me that he had a green coat and black satin waistcoat.

Cross-examined. Q. You took this man with a green coat? A. Yes—I never saw any one in a green coat answering his description—I took him,

brought Hughes, showed him to him, and he said that was the person—I did not say, "Are you certain it is him?"—I did not take anybody else into custody.





WILLIAM GUEST
 (police-constable L 62.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.

