



1444. 




JOHN BROWNE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of May, 1 half-crown, the money of 



John Pare and others, his masters.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN PARE
. I am an ironmonger, in partnership with two others, in Chiswell-street. The prisoner was our shopman—he had 31s. a-week—on the 5th of May, in consequence of suspicion, I marked three half-crowns, a shilling, and a sixpence—I gave them to Mr. Rule, to send some one to the shop to make purchases—on that night I put 5s. in copper in the till, which was then empty—on the following morning I went into the shop soon after seven o'clock—the prisoner and one or two others were there, who were porters—business begins at six o'clock—I went, looked into the till, and saw two half-crowns, and some smaller pieces of silver, I think a shilling and a sixpence—I did not interfere with the money—after that I sold something in the shop for 1d., for which I took a shilling, and gave 11d. in copper change—I put that shilling in the till—soon after I went to the till, and took out the money that was in it, consisting of all the sums I have mentioned, two half-crowns, two shillings, and one sixpence—I examined them—they were all marked, with the exception of one shilling—they were what I gave to Rule—I called the prisoner into the counting-house,

and said, "Browne, you have sold two sets of castors"—he said, "I have, for 8s. 8d."—I said, "What money did you receive?"—he said, "Two half-crowns and some smaller silver"—I said, "You received three half-crowns"—he said, "Oh, yes"—I said, "There are but two in the till, what has become of the other?"—he said he could not tell, he had been at the other end of the shop—I said, "I am not satisfied; I shall call a policeman, and have you searched; you had better produce what money you have"—he produced a half-crown and some smaller silver—I looked at the half-crown he produced—it was not marked—he said he had no more money about him—I said, "I shall not allow you to leave till you are searched; but, to avoid the disgrace you had better produce what you have"—he then put his hand into his other pocket, and produced the half-crown which was marked—I gave it to the policeman—this is it—(looking at one.)

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you mark the copper money? A. No—I looked In the place where the gold was put—there were other people in the place.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did the copper money correspond with what you had left in it the night before? A. Yes, by the appearance of it.





WILLIAM RULE
. I live in Artillery-place, and am a friend of the prosecutor He gave me three half-crowns and the other silver to send to his shop—I gave them to Mr. Godfrey.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure you gave the same money to Mr. Godfrey? A. Yes, in about half-an-hour—this is the half-crown that was pointed out to me.





JOHN GODFRAY
. I am a friend of Mr. Rule—he gave me three half-crowns, a shilling, and sixpence, marked—I want to the prosecutor's shop with it, and. dealt with the prisoner, and bought two sets of castors—I paid him 9s. three half-crowns, one shilling, and one sixpence—he pot the whole money into the till, and gave me 4d. change—it was then just ten minutes to seven o'clock.





JAMES HAYWARD
 (police-constable G 212.) I was called, and took the prisoner.

Prisoner's Defence. I was called in at twenty minutes past eight o'clock, and asked about the money; I turned out the money I had in my bag; I forgot the other half-crown in my pocket; I had not time to reply or explain.




GUILTY
. Aged 38.—


Transported for Seven Years.
