





1304. 




JONH HOBBS,



 THOMAS FREDERICK WEBSTER
, and 




ROBERT LEWER
, were indicted for

 feloniously setting fire to a stack of hay, the property of 



Frederick Piggott; and that Webster had been before convicted of felony.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






FREDRICK PIGGOTT
. I am an estate agent, and have a farm in the kew-road, in the parish of Richmond. At the back of that farm I had a hay-rick sixty or seventy yards from the high-road—on the 23rd of April, at a quarter to eight o'clock n the evening, I went round it, and saw it safe—at half-past eight, or a quarter to nine, I received information, which induced me to go to it again—I found it on fire, it was in a blaze all the way round—there were some faggots under it burning—it had been laid on faggots—with the assistance of some of my neighbours, I extinguished the fire—the faggots were burnt—it is impossible that combustion could be the cause of it, because it was old hay—I know nothing of the prisoners.





HENRY UPTON
 (policeman.) On the night of the 23rd of April I was on duty in the Kew-road, on the Richmond side of Mr. Piggott's hay-rick, about 200 yards from it—about five minutes after eight o'clock in the evening, and met the three prisoners going towards the premises, about 200 yards from the place—when they saw me they made a stop—two of then looked round, and crossed over the road—the rick was safe when I had passed it—in about twenty minutes I saw it on fire.





SAMUEL WINLET
. I am a market-gardener, and live at Richmond. On the night of the 23rd of April, a little after half-past eight o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoners in Sandy-lane—Mr. Piggott's meadow joins the lane—they were coming as if from the hay-rick—they were n the lane when I first saw them—at the time I saw them I noticed the hay-rick—it was on fire—they had their backs towards it—they asked me if there was an engine kept in the parish—I said, yes, there was—they came towards the cross road,

towards Richmond—I went towards the rick—in going from Sandy-lane into Kew-road they would not have to cross the meadow where the stack was (not where I met them,) but in getting from Kew-road to Sandy-lane they would—I had seen them at half-past two o'clock the same afternoon walking from Sandy-lane—they asked me where that road led them to—I know nothing about them.

Prisoner Webster. Q. When we met you in the afternoon did we speak to you? A. You asked where the road led; I said, "To Richmond," and you went that way—you were in company with the other prisoners.





KINGSTON MARK
 (police-sergeant.) On 23rd April I went to the place where the fire was, and afterwards went to the police-station and found the three prisoners there—I did not hold out any inducement or threat to them—they told me they wished to make a statement to me—that they had come to give themselves up for setting fire to the hay rick—I told them I was willing to hear anything they might have to say at the same time, I cautioned them that it would be taken down, and produced in evidence—I asked them if they were willing that I should take down what they said—they said, "Yes," and I did so—they were all three together—as one made a statement I asked the others if they agreed with it—they said, "Yes," and they all signed it—this is it—(produced)—I took their shoes from their feet—I saw footmarks near the stack, and compared those footmarks with their shoes in the direction they said they went, and found they corresponded.

The prosecutor's statement was here read, as follows:—"John Hobbs, a native of London, labourer; Thomas Frederick Webster, a native of London, labourer; Robert Lewer, a native of London, labourer; state, that between eleven and twelve o'clock this day, they came into Richmond by way of Kew Bridge; that they begged the halfpence to cross the bridge, and were the whole day in Richmond without anything to eat; that their lives for some time past had been spent in such misery and poverty, they were determined, when they left London this morning, to do something to alter it, and looked out for a stack to set fire to, About a quarter or half-past eight o'clock, as nearly as they can say, they climbed over the gate at the farm where the stack was set fire to (Mr. Piggott's); they all three went to the back part of the hay-stack; they then made three holes in the stack (by pulling out the hay so as to admit their arms as far as they could reach) one in the centre, the others at each end of the back part of the stack from the barn, when they all three lit lueifers from a pipe which Hobbs had, and set fire in the different holes at the same time; the side of the stack instantly was in a blaze; that they then ran away, and got through a gap of the hedge behind the stack, and then through another hedge by a gap into a ploughed-field, across this field, over a white gate, into a lane behind, (a road); then turned to the right at the top of the lane, and passed New Richmond into the main road; they then returned down the road and looked at the fire, where they stopped till the engine arrived, and then returned to Richmond, came to the police-station, where they gave themselves up. They also all declare, that they voluntarily make this statement, and that no promise has been held out to them; and that they have been properly cautioned that what they said would be taken down and produced in evidence against them.





"JOHN HOBBS
,





"THOMAS FREDRICK WEBSTER
,





"ROBERT LEWER."




Webster's Defence. My Lord and gentlemen of the jury: the offence of which I stand charged is one of a very heavy character, and which, I am very sorry to say, has brought me before your notice this day. My Lord and gentlemen, perhaps you will not credit what I am going to say to you; but I will fearlessly speak to you, convinced that I am innocent, and that what I am going to say is true. It is true that I was in Richmond during the day on which the fire occurred, and I also was the company of the other persons charged with me, and that I was also present at the fire; but I can assure your Lordship that the stack was not fired by me. But being reduced to the deepest distress, through the want of work, and not having tasted food for some time past, I was induced to accompany the other persons, and accuse myself of committing the crime, which has caused my friends a great deal of anguish and regret, that I had not applied to them for assistance. My Lord, I was never in the company of those persons accused with me, but on theday the fire occurred; nor can I, to my recollection, ever remember seeing them before. the only thing that criminates me, is the marks which the officer states was made by the shoes which I wore; but I can assure you that they were not the print of my footsteps; for I never entered the field where the ground was capable of receiving any impression. My Lord, it is not at all improbable that the marks were caused by some person who assisted at the fire, and who, in the excitement of the moment, has not since remembered crossing the field. But, my Lord, I hope you will pause before you proceed to sum up the evidence adduced against me; for it would be doing me a great injustice without being convinced of my guilt; for the confession which I signed in an unthinking moment, and which has been used as evidence against me, which the keen pangs of hungers has induced me to put my signature to, is a falsehood, of which I have had reason to repent. My lord, taking all these considerations before your notice, and weighing the evidence brought against me, I may be led to hope for a favourable issue of my trial, and which I may be led to expect from an impartial and uncorrupted jury.





WILLIAM POCOCK
 (police-constable F 14.) I produce a certificate of Webster's former conviction—(read—Convicted June, 1844, and confined two✗ years)—I was present at the trial—he is the person—he has been convicted at this Court since that, and had three months—I proved the former conviction then.

WEBSTER—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Twenty Years.


HOBBS—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


LEWER—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Ten Years.

