



1381. 




SAMUEL EALES
 was indicted

, for that he and one 



Thomas Smith
 being armed with certain offensive weapons, to wit, pistols and daggers, in and upon 



Thomas Phillips feloniously did together make an assault, putting him in fear and danger of his life, and violently and feloniously did together rob and steal from his person and against his will 1 £10 Bank-note, his property.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






FRANCES GALLAVIN
. I am a widow, and live nt Mr. Thomas Hamblin's, Cray lord-row, Cold-harbour-lane, Camberwell—Mr. Hamblin is a cripple. On Sunday, the 14th of December, about a quarter to eight o'clock in the evening, there was a knock at the door, I opened it, and found a man named Smith, who I gave evidence against here—he gave me a letter, and told me to deliver it to the lady of the house—I said I should not take it unless he told me where it came from—I at last took it and delivered it to Mrs. Hamblin—he said he would shoot me if I did not deliver it—Mr. Phillips, who was in the house, came out to him-there was a conversation between Mr. Phillips, Mrs. Hamblin, and the man, about £10, in the passage—after that he went to the door, whistled, and the prisoner came to the door—I am sure he is the man-Smith then went along the passage to the garden-door, and stopped Mrs. Hamblin from going out—the prisoner remained about a minute, or rather more—I afterwards saw Mr. Phillips hand Smith a £10 note—I think the prisoner had left then—I was close to him when he came in—there was a light in the hall—I have not the least doubt of his being the man.

Prisoner. Q. What do you swear to me by? A. By the lower part of your face—I was much agitated—I did not swear to you by the tip of your chin—your hat was over your eyes, and you held your head down.





THOMAS PHILLIPS
. I am a Custom-house agent, and live in Stoke New-ington-road—I am Mrs. Hamblin's brother-in-law. On Sunday evening, the 14th of Dec, I was at her house—her husband is quite helpless—about eight 'clock Mrs. Gallavin came into the room, and delivered a letter to Mrs. Hamblin, who afterwards came to me in the greatest agitation—in consequence of what she said, I went into the next room, where she read the letter—I went into the passage, and saw Smith—I had some conversation with him—he went to the door and whistled, and a man came up, armed with a dirk, or something very much resembling it, in his right hand, and a pistol in his left—I believe the prisoner to be the man—Smith also had a dirk, and, while speaking to him, he pulled a horse pistol from his left pocket—I said, "Pray, what is your business here?"—he said, "I am come for the money that there is in the house; and if you do not get it presently, I shall call for the men who are outside, eleven or twelve in number, as is stated in the letter, and the house will be plundered"—I said, "We live in a free country, and are not in the habit of having our money taken in this way"—(I was afraid of getting shot)—he then went to

the door and whistled, and the prisoner came in armed—Smith spoke to him in a low tone of voice, which I did not hear—the prisoner then went out again—Smith appeared to notice that I was looking at him—he said some time after if he could get 10l. he would leave the house altogether—that was in less than five minutes—Mrs. Hamblin came to me—I told her, in his pre. sence, of his offer—I had a 10l. note in my pocket, and gave it to him, with her assent—I said to him, "There is 10l. now, be off with you"—he took it, and was going out—I followed him—he turned round, and presented the pistol within six inches of my breast, and vowed, if I followed him, or even looked after him, he would shoot me—I had received the note from Williamt, Deacon, and Co.

COURT. Q. You offered to give him the 10l. note; what had passed between you and Mrs. Hamblin before that? A. She came to me in great agitatioa I said, "If you have any money, the best way is to get rid of bad customen"—she went up stairs, and had not been up two minutes before the man said;" Is that lady coming down? if she is not down in two minutes the home will be plundered"—I went up to her—she was getting out some notes—I said, "Put them away, I have a 10l. note I can get the number of, that may lead to detection"—I do not think the prisoner was there above a minute and half.

MRS. GALLAVIN
re-examined. Q. Smith said if you did not deliver the letter he would shoot you? A. Yes—he took a pistol from his pocket—that alarmed me, and induced me to take the letter to Mrs. Hamblin—she went to Mr. Phillips with it—I afterwards heard Mr. Phillips say to her, "I have a 10l. note in my pocket, shall I give him that?"—at that time Smith stood in the hall, and within hearing—he proceeded to the door, whistled, and then the prisoner came in—I do not know how long he staid, but I was present when the note was given to Smith.





CATHERINE HAMBLIN
. I am the wife of Thomas Hamblin, of Crayford-road—he is paralysed. On Sunday evening, the 14th of Dec, I remember Gallavin bringing me a letter—this is it—I read it to my brother—it alarmed me very much—my brother Phillips went out—I went to the back door afterwards, and came back—I gave an alarm to the servant of next house, theo returned, and met Mr. Phillips—he told me Smith had said if he could get 10l. he would go quietly-Smith presented a pistol to me—I cannot say whether I saw the second man in my fright—I went to the back drawing-room, to endeavour to escape—I opened the shutter—the man came round at the outside with a pistol and dagger—he presented his face to me at the window, with the dagger—I ran away from there—I went up stairs, and heard him call out, "Is that lady coming? two minutes more"—Mr. Phillips came up stairs to me, and said he had 10l., should he give it to him? which he eventually did—(note read)—"My Lady—I write these few lines to inform you, I haw been sent here by a gentleman for your money, and I must proceed in getting it; and if you refuse me, the men outside, twelve in number, will come in and plunder the house, and if you make any noise, your lives will be in danger. For the Lady of the house.





STEPHEN HARRIS
 (police-constable P 49.) On this Sunday evening I was on duty in Cold-harbour-lane, and saw the prisoner in Crayford-road, about twenty minutes to eight o'clock, about thirty yards from Mr. Hamblin's—when I went down the road at first he stood on the right hand side—I went by the house, came back again, and he stood a little out on the left of the road—I said to him, "It is a cold wet night"—he made some answer I could not hear—I stood, and looked at him distinctly—I thought he was

waiting for a young woman—I am quite certain he is the man—in a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes I heard what had happened at Mr. Hamblin's—I went there, and found them all in a state of great alarm—they could not speak for some minutes, Mr. Phillips among the rest.

Prisoner. Q. What do you speak to me by? A. Tour features—I believe you had a coat or jacket on.





ANN HALES
. I am the wife of Jametf Hales, who was tried here by the name of Smith, for this offence, last Jan.—the prisoner is my husband's brother—I received a 10l. note from my husband before his trial, on Wednesday, the 15th of Dec., and paid it to Attenborough, a pawnbroker, to redeem a watch—on the Sunday, the day before that, the prisoner was at our house, No. 3, Catherine-place, Walnut-tree-walk—Alfred Jones, who has been tried here, was with him—I was examined on his trial—while they were all three at our house, Jones, in their presence, wrote a letter, which my husband dictated—I remember Crayford-road being mentioned—it was directed, "For the lady of the house"—I should know it again—I believe that produced to be the letter—I cannot read it—they all three quitted the house, about half-past five o'clock, together—none of them returned that evening—my husband returned next morning, and gave me the note, which I paid to Attenborough—I gave my husband the change—I afterwards accompanied him to a public-house in Union-street, and there met the prisoner—I saw my husband give him five sovereigns, and said, "That is your share"£the prisoner said nothing while the note was being written—he was present.





GEORGE EDWIN GILL
. I am foreman to Mr. Attenbo Tough, pawnbroker, of Bridge-house-place, Newington-causeway. On Monday, the 15th of Dec, the witness Hales paid me this 10l. note, and redeemed a watch—she paid me 2l. 3s. 4d.—I gave her the difference—this is the note—it has my hand writing upon it.





LYDIA ELLIS
. lam the wife of Benjamin Ellis, a bricklayer of No 1, Bennett's-buildrngs, Kennington-lahe. In Dec last I lived at No. I, Catherine-place, Walnut-tree-walk—I know Mrs. Hales—she took a room of me when I lived at No. 3—I know Hales, who was tried here as Smith—he tarae as her husband—I know the prisoner by his coming backwards and forwards to No. 3—on Sunday, the 14th of Dec, a little after five o'clock, I saw him go out with Smith and Jones, who have been tried here.

Prisoner. Q. How many times have you seen me come to the house? A. Several times between Nov. and 14th of Dec.—I am sure you are the wme man.





JULIA SAWYER
. I live with my husband, at No. 11, Bennett's-buildings. In Dec. last I lived at No. 2, Catherine-place—I know Mrs. Jones—that is the woman—(Mrs. Hales)—the lived at No. 3—I know the prisoner by seeing him pass my door to go to Mrs. Jones's—I have seen him go there often—on Sunday, the 14th of Dec., about dusk, I saw him in Catherine-place—Jones and a lame young man were with him—Jones has been transported in the name of Smith—the two men he went out with that evening were the two men that were afterwards tried here.





SAMSON DARKIN CAMPBELL
. I am inspected of the P Division of police. I apprehended the two other persons—on the 15th of May I took the prisoner in Upper Marsh, Lambeth—I crossed over to the door—he was about to ring said, "How do you do, Eales?"—he said, "That ia not my name"—I said, Nonsense, your name is Samuel Eales"—he said, "You may call me so, but that is not ray name"—I said, "Whether it is or not, I shall take you into custody for the robbery in Cold Harbour-lane, Camberwell"—he said, I was not there"—I had been in search of him nearly three months—I have

produced the 10l. Bank of England note which I got from Mr. Reynolds, of the Bank of England.

Prisoner. You asked if my name was Samuel Hales—you put H to it. Witness. I said Eales.





SAMUEL WRIGHT
 (police-constable P 172.) I was with Campbell when the prisoner was apprehended—I searched his room, in a street in Blackfriars-road—I cannot prove he lived there.

Prisoner. Q. What street was I taken in? A. I cannot tell-there is a cork-manufactory in it.





JAMES STUCK
. I am clerk in the house of Williams, Deacon, and Co, This 10l. note was paid to Mr. Phillips on the 10th of Dec.





THOMAS PHILLIPS

re-examined. I believe this to be the note-the note I gave the man was the one I received from Williams and Deacon, I am certain, but I cannot say this is the identical note—I only received one 10l. note, and had but one in my pocket—I received it in exchange for a check for 11l. odd, on the 10th of Dec.
(The prisoner put in a written defence, stating that the policeman Campbell had given the witness Hales two guineas to give evidence in the case; and ht himself was prepared to prove an alibi.






ELIZABETH EALES
. I am the wife of David Eales, the prisoner's brother, and live at No. 3, Baron's-buildings, Lambeth. On Sunday evening, the 14th, the prisoner came to the house between six and seven o'clock, and staid till nine.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. How do you get your bread? A. My busband works for me—he is not here, he is at his work, at Mr. Morrisson's cork-factory, Mason-street, Upper-marsh—I know Ann Hales, she is the wife of my husband's brother, who used to go by the names of Smith and Jones—my husband was at home that Sunday evening—he was in bed, and I and the prisoner were there—I was attending to my husband from six to nine—the doctor considered he had a brain fever—the prisoner was in the bed-room—we had but one room—he did nothing all the two hours and a half but sat talking to my husband, about his illness—we bad a clock, it struck nine just as he went out—I had no reason for noticing the day, only my husband was very bad—he got well in about a week, and his been well ever since—he was at work yesterday at Morrisson's cork-factory—I have been to see the prisoner in gaol three times—I saw him last Monday—my husband has not been to see him—I have not taken him money or food—my husband could not go to see him—I left my husband at work to-day, and I told him I was coming here—he could not come himself.

COURT. Q. He talked to your husband about his illness? A. Yes—my husband complained about his head being so very bad—I cannot say when Smith was taken—I believe it was some time after—my husband could talk very little to the prisoner—he was so affected—he was attended by Mr. Brooks, the doctor—he was rather light-headed on Saturday, not on Sunday.





SAMUEL WRIGHT

re-examined. Jones was a lame man.





THOMAS PHILLIPS

re-examined. Smith was not lame, nor was the into who came in when he whistled.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Life.

