



942. 




JAMES GARRATT



, stealing 1 box, value 2s.; and 84lbs. weight of cocoa, 2l.; the goods of the 

London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway.—2nd COUNT, of 



Francis Chambers and another.—3rd COUNT, of 



Charles Pascoe Greenfell and others; having been before convicted.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSHUA NUNN.
 I am warehouseman to Francis Chambers and another, in Tower Royal, wholesale tea and cocoa-dealers. On 26th Jan, I sent a box, containing cocoa, by our carman, to the Nag's Head, Borough—I received this receipt for it—it was to be sent to the railway-station—this is it (looking at it)—the value of the cocoa and box was about two guiness—this was a tea-chest originally—if it had that in it, it would have been more valuable.





JAMES WOODS.
 I am warehouseman, at the Nag's Head, Borough. On the evening of 26th Jan. a chest was brought there for Stone and Son, Newhaven—next day, about eleven or twelve o'clock, I put it on a van, to go to the Newcross station.





GEORGE GROVES.
 I live at Newcross, and am porter to the South Cost Railway. I was on duty at the station, on 27th Jan., when the carman brought the chest, about twelve o'clock in the day—it was put in the bottom of the platform, by itself, as it was the only thing we had for Newhaven—I saw it there between four and five o'clock, and I was the only porter on the platform—the prisoner had come down with a load of butter for Brighton, and while waiting to be unloaded he came on the platform, where I was working, and looked at the chest—he had no business on my platform—his goods were on the Brighton platform—I was at the other end, loading some iron—I kept my eye on him—he looked at the chest—I cannot say whether he weighted it or not, but there was a bag of coffee close by, and he went and felt that—he walked off, and he went and unloaded the butter on the Brighton platform—I missed the chest in about a quarter of an hour.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAREY.
Q. Were you on the platform alone? A. I was the only porter there—the man who was delivering the iron to me was there, are there were three or four other carmen there with their carts, waiting to be unloaded—the platform is form eighty to a hundred feet long, and I was at the end—the prisoner came up the steps at the other end, where the chest was standing—there were not many bales and boxes of goods—there was a bag of coffee and the chest; I cannot say what else—he would not have seen me if he had turned his head round, I was in a truck, and the sides were high—not more than a quarter of an hour elapsed between my seeing this chest and missing it—on seeing the prisoner looking at the chest. I went down to the other end, and it was gone—I went to the Brighton platform, and the prisoner was gone—he had not unloaded his cart when I saw him looking at the chest—he could roll the butter out of his cart in five or ten minutes—the Brighton platform faces the one I was on—I gave information.

MR. ROBINSON.
Q. Were the other carmen on the eastern branch? A. They were close to my platform, ready to back their carts.






JAMES CORRALL.
 I am foreman of the goods department at the New Cross station. On 28th Jan. I received information from Groves, which induced me to go in search of the package—I went in the direction of the Old Kent-road, as far as the Lord Wellington—I there found two carts—I got into the smaller cart, and found this chest now produced, with two mats and a tarpaulin over it—there was nothing else in the cart—it appeared as though the greater portion of the direction had been torn off—there was enough to enable me to see what it was—I inquired for the carman—the ostler went and brought in the prisoner—I asked him if he was the carman belonging to those carts—he said he belonged to the large one, not the small one—I asked him where his mate was—he said he had gone on the road, to look after the party who had put the chest in his cart—I first mentioned the chest to him—I asked him what he was doing with that chest in his cart—he said he knew nothing of it—I told him I had been watching him—he said if the chest belonged to me I had better take it, but not ake his master's carte to the green-yard—he then told me that after leaving the station a party had put this chest into his mate's (James Smith's) cart, and he had gone in search of the party—I waited some time—he did not come, and I gave the prisoner into custody—the lid of the chest had been broken open when I found it.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know the prisoner's mate? A. No—I know, from the information I received, that the prisoner had delivered butter that day—he is in the employ of a carrier—I took him to Rotherhithe station—he drove his cart—we had a little refreshment on the way—we went into a public-house—the prisoner was there at the time—I do not know whether he minded his cart or not—he could not have made his escape—I forget what we had—I think Mr. Hudson paid for it—he was in the small cart, with the chest.





WILLIAM CHAPMAN.
 I am ostler, at the Lord Wellington. On 27th Jan., between six and seven o'clock in the evening, the small cart drove to our door—I do not know the man who drove it—I do not know that I had seen him before—in a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes the prisoner came with a large cart—I went out in front of the house, and saw them removing something from the large cart into the smaller one—the carmen were each in their own cart—I could not give a description of what it was—it was past, six o'clock, and rather dark—it appeared to be something bulky, about the size of the chest found in the cart—there was nothing else found in the cart but the mats and tarpaulin—when I saw the men moving it, I asked them if they wanted any assistance—they said, "No"—the prisoner then came into the tap-room and had some bread and cheese—Mr. Corrall and Mr. Hudson came, and I told them what I had seen—there was nothing found in the large cart—the smaller cart had come empty to our door.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you been at this public-house? A. Between four and five months—when the prisoner was taken he said he knew nothing about it, somebody had put it into his mate's cart, and he drove it to the door—I did not examine the small cart when it came—I heard that the prisoner and the other carman were in the employ of Mr. Owen—when the little cart came, the driver came to the front of the bar, and he and I had some gin-and-water, and he went into the tap-room—shortly after Mr. Corrall and Mr. Hudson came upto he was missing—the prisoner said he was gone to look after the man who had this in his cart—I had not the least suspicion of anything wrong—I was not there when the prisoner's cart drove up—I went out immediately after, as it is my business to do—we have a very large

lamp there—it is not so dark as it is at other places—I could not swear what it was they took out of one cart and put into the other—I saw something moved—I could not swear it was not the tarpaulin and mats—some of them are very bulky—they are sometimes bundled up and thrown from one cart to another—I could not swear that it was a chest of tea.

COURT.
Q. How did it appear, from its shape and form? A. It appeared something square and heavy.





JAMES CORRALL

re-examined. I learnt from the books that the prisoner's mate had been there and delivered butter that day—I saw the tarpaulin; it was only a small one for a cart, not for a wagon—if it had been folded up in any fashion it would not have looked as big as the chest—there were two mats—one slip of the lid of the chest was taken off; the rest was down—if I had seen this chest moved, I should not hesitate to swear whether it was the tarpaulin or the chest—one man could not move this chest so well as two—if a man saw one and the other moved, he could not have any doubt—the weight of the tarpaulin was about 30lb.—the cocoa in the chest is about 84lb., and the chest weighs 3lb. or 4lb.—the prisoner's mate's name is Darby Kelly.





WILLIAM GOODENUS
 (policeman, M 62.) I was on duty, and was called by Mr. Corrall—I searched the small cart, and found the chest—the prisoner said he belonged to the large cart—I asked where his make was that belonged to the little one—he said he was just gone down the road—I detained him, and we all went to the station.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you with them when they had refreshment on the way? A. Yes—I had a little drop.

COURT.
Q. Was the Lord Wellington public-house in the prisoner's way home? A. Yes, but the horses' heads were turned the other way, towards the railway again.





JOHN CARPENTER
 (policeman, R 84.) I found on the prisoner this receipt for some casks for butter delivered a the South-coast Railway—I asked him who his mate was—he said he did not know him, all he knew him by was the name of Darby—since that I have ascertained his name is Edward Kelly, and he has been known by the prisoner for three years.





JAMES VOLLER.
 I am a porter at the New-cross station. On 27th Jan., about five o'clock, I recollect a small cart coming, with twenty-five casks of butter—they were discharged, and shortly after a larger cart came, and brought thirty-three—I signed the note, and gave it to the prisoner—I know the man who brought the small cart—that cart left ten minutes or a quarter of an hour before the large one.





WILLIAM ACTON.
 I am superintendent of police on the South-coast Railway. Charles Pascoe Grenfell, Esq., is the chairman, and there are several directors.





JOHN CARPENTER
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted 26th Nov., 1838, and transported for seven years.)





JAMES DALE.
 I was present at the prisoner's trial in this Court—he is the person.




GUILTY. Aged 38.—


Transported for Ten Years.

