






964. 




JOHN ELLARD,



 EDMUND AMER,



 JOHN MOORE
, and 




ROBERT WALKER
, were indicted for

stealing 1 portmanteau, value 5s.; 1 stock, 3s. 6d.; 1 neck-tie, 2s.; 2 neckerchiefs, 1s. 6d.; 4 pairs of shoes, 12s.; 1 pair of slippers, 2s. 6d.; 5 waistcoats, 2l. 15s.; 6 glass-cloths, 3s.; 1 pair of gaiters, 5s.; 1 handkerchief, 2s. 6d.; 1 pair of trowsers, 16s.; 1 coat, 3s.; and 2 scarfs, 10s.; the goods of 



Samuel Pope; and that Walker had been before convicted of felony.


MR. BRIERLY
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL POPE
. I am a valet. I am now lodging in Upper Springstreet—on the 25th of March I came from Chelmsford, and brought a portmanteau, containing a black stock, a coat, waistcoat, trowsers, and the other articles stated—I left the portmanteau at Mr. Wells's, the Spotted Dog, in the Strand, on Tuesday, the 25th of March—I went therefor it on the Saturday following, and Mr. Wells told me it had been stolen—I went to the station at Bow-street and saw my portmanteau there—this is it—the things that are here are a part of those that were in it—some of them are missing.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What did you leave them there for? A. I left them in charge of the landlady—I was on my way to Shropshire—they were to be left until I called for them—I left them in front of the bar—a person coming in would be able to reach them, but I saw many other things there, and I thought it might be a rule to leave them there—I left them about ten o'clock on Tuesday night, and did not go for them until Saturday morning—there was a name on the portmanteau, but there is not now—I know it, and I have the key of it—I have had it two or three years—here is the mark "Chelmsford" on it—I know the things—here are six glass-cloths, which have my name on them.

MR. BRIKRLY. Q. How far was your portmanteau from the door when you left it? A. Four or five yards, at the farther end of the shop.





WILLIAM WELLS
. I am landlord of the Spotted Dog in the Strand. I know the persons of all the prisoners—I only know two of them by seeing them once or twice—the portmanteau was left at my house on the 25th of March'—I saw it safe between one and two o'clock in the morning on the 28th—the prisoners were there along with several more—they had something to drink, and got larking with each other—I looked round and missed several of the persons, and the portmanteau was gone—my house is a booking-office, and I keep it open in consequence of serving the persons from the Weekly Messenger and the Observer office—I have seen Moore once or twice.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNR. Q. Have you a distinct recollection of Amer being there? A. Yes, I have known him ever since I have kept the house—I am sure he was there, and he might have been there early in the evening—we have a great many come in—I do not take a very accurate note of what time they come in or go out—I should have had 2d. for booking if I had kept this portmanteau safe—Amer bore a good character, to the best of my belief.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALDWIN. Q. Do you know Walker? A.


Yes—he was there, to the best of my belief—I had not sufficient knowledge of him to know who he was then.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Have you known Ellard long? A. No—I recollect his being there, standing at the back of the engine, talking and laughing with the rest—there were about ten of them—they had half a pint of gin amongst them—there were about five there when I missed the portmanteau, and I asked them what had become of the rest—I was not aware that any of them were tipsy—Ellard might have been tipsy—I will swear he was in my place after twelve o'clock that night—he was there between one and two o'clock—I have seen him there on several occasions, and I have noticed when he came he took a particular stand against the engine.

Moore. Q. Can you swear I was there? A. To the best of my belief—if not, it was a person very much like you—I do not know that I should like to swear positively that you were.

MR. BRIERLY. Q. Which of them will you swear to? A. Amer and Ellard, and to the best of my belief Moore and Walker were there.





GEORGE TURK
. I am a cab driver. On Friday morning, the 28th of March, I was the first cab on the rank near St. Clement's church, near the Spotted Dog—I was asleep, and was awoke by my cab door being opened, and two persons got in—two other persons got outside, and I was ordered to drive to Short's-gardens, Drury-lane—I went there, pulled up to a number, and received 1s.—there was a portmanteau taken out of the cab, but I cannot say which of them had it in their hand—I got on my box, and turned round, and the portmanteau was taken into the house—I know Amer was one of the men—he is a driver at well as myself—he was one who was outside the cab, and Moore was the other—I did not look to see who I had got inside, but when I set them down I saw it was Walker and Ellard—when I turned to drive away I saw a policeman, and he asked the number of ray badge—I had a conversation with him, and he went to the house which the prisoners had gone into.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What time was this? A. Between two and three o'clock—I never heard anything against Amer.

Cross-examined by
MS. BALDWIN. Q. You say Walker was one who got out of the cab? A. Yes—I had never seen him before—I saw him again at the station—I believe I said then that he was the man—I cannot swear that I did—Walker asked me if he was the man, and I told him I believed him to be one—I told him I was pretty well sure he was the same party—I had no doubt, but I was confused—he is the man that got out of the cab—I had known Ellard before by his using the same watering-house—it was not very dark, there was a gas just by—I did not look very particularly at him—I do not know anything particular about his person.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Did Ellard stagger out of the cab? A. I cannot say that he did—I believe they had been drinking.

Moore. Q. Will you swear I was in your cab that night? A. No—I swear you were outside—I swore so at the station.





GEORGE DOWNS
 (police-constable F 101.) On the morning of the 28th of march, in conswquence of seeing the cab driven by Truk, I stopped him, and then I went to the second floor back room of a lodging-house—I saw the four prisoners standing round a bed in the room—Hannan, who keeps the house, was in the room—one of the prisoners, and to the best of my belief it was Moore, asked Hannan to advance 4s. on the things, whick

were then strewed about the room—Hannan made some reply that he would not, or had not the money to lend them—I remained on the stairs for some time—Hannan left the room—I then heard a conversation with the prisoners about what they would do with the things, and they came to the conclusion that they would wack the swag—I then got four other constables, and gave the whole four prisoners into custody—when I got back to the room Walker had just walked into the adjoining room, and was taken there—this is the portmanteau I found in the room, and the property.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How could you see into the room? A. There was a candle in the room, and the door was not shut close—I was gone five or six minutes for the other constables—I had left a man at the door at the bottom—I am quite sure the persons who were in the room when I got back were the same who were there before—I stood peeping at them about five minutes.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALDWIN. Q. Will you swear that Walker was there when you went up? A. Yes—I have known him for years—I heard bis voice, saying they would wack it, when they came to the conclusion that they must wack the swag—they were all in close conversation before I went to get assistance—it is a low lodging-house, where people pay 2d. or 3d. for a bed—there was nobody in that room but the prisoners and the landlord—there were five other persons in the room that Walker went into, where he was apprehended.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. You had seen the landlord in the room before you went for your brother constables? A. Yes—he came out of the room—I was standing in a recess on the stairs—he brushed against me, and he said, "Who is here?"—I said, "It is I, Hannan"—(be knew me)—Ellard appeared to be sober.

Moore. Q. Will you swear that I asked Hannan to lend 4s. on the property? A. Yes, it was your voice—you were directing your attention to him at the time.





JAMES HANNAN
. I live at No. 28, Sbort's-gtrdens, Drury-lane. Moore has lodged with me, off and on, for six months. On the morning of the 28th of March, he asked me for the key—I got out of bed, gave him the candle and the key, and he went up to his room, I suppose—I went up to that room in about four minutes afterwards, and the policeman was behind me—I saw three young men in that room, whom I had never seen before—I did not take proper notice of them, and cannot swear to them—the policemen took those four men—I did not see anything that was inside the room—Moore asked me to lend him 4s. till the morning—I said I had not such a thing, which I had not.

Moore. Q. Did I ask you to lend me 4s. on any property? A. No.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Were you in the room before you saw the prisoners taken? A. No—I went up stairs, and the policeman tapped me on the shoulder, and said, "Don't speak a word," and I did not—I stood still for very near ten minutes.

Moore's Defence. I went home to go to bed; I had not been in half-anhour when the policeman knocked; I opened the door, and in be walked, and four other policemen, and he pulled a portmanteau from under the bed; he said, "It is all right!"—I said, "I don't know what you mean."





GEORGE FOSTER
 (City police-constable, No. 425.) I produce a certificate of Walker's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read Convicted


16th Sept., 1844, and imprisoned six months)—the prisoners is the person.
(Ellard received a good character.)

ELLARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.

AMER—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.

MOORE—


GUILTY
. Aged 33.







Confined Six Months



WALKER—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

