





625. 




MARGARET HAYES,



 CATHERINE BRIAN
, and 




ANN DALEY
, were again indicted 

for stealing, on the 
19th of Jan., 1 purse, value 1d., and 6 half-crowns; the property of 



John Collins, from his person.







JOHN COLLINS
. I met Sullivan, and went with him to a public-house, we had a pot of beer each, and came out—he asked me to go to a friend's with him—he took me to the room the three prisoners were in—I sat down close to the door—Brian sat between me and Sullivan—I gave Sullivan 6d. to fetch half-a-gallon of beer—I had six half-crowns in my purse, which I put between the lining of my hat, and put it down on my head—Brian got up, knocked my hat off, and made a grab at my purse—I grasped at her as well as I could—the other two grasped at me, and kept me till she got down stairs, and then let me go—I went out after her, and saw all three over at the public-house—I caught hold of Brian, who had taken my money—the other two got my right hand from her—I took hold of her again with my left dand, and Daley cut it—I am sure Brian knocked my hat off and took my money—I had earned the money at the docks—I do not know whether the prisoners lodged at this house—I could not see a policeman, or I would have given them in charge at once—I did not go to look for them till the Sunday, as I was not very well—Sullivan wanted to go to work, and said he would go with me on Sunday to show them to me—I never saw the beer I sent him for—I have seen him since, but not that night—since this took place we have not been acquainted.





JOSEPH SMITH
. I am a policeman. I received information on the 24th of Jan., and went in search of the prisoners—I apprehended Hayes and Daley in bed, in Twine-court—I did not apprehend Brian.

Brian. I had nothing to do with robbing him.

Hayes. I never saw a farthing of his money.





JOHN COLLINS

re-examined. My hat was knocked down on the floor—the purse fell out—Brian took hold of it, and ran off with it—I picked up my hat directly, and screamed out that I was robbed—I went to look for her on Sunday and Monday night—I saw the three drinking in a public-house—they handed me a pot of beer—I went out till I saw a policeman, and to give her in charge; and as they went out I took hold of Brian and another—my hand was sore, and I let her go, and kept Brian—the constable did not wish to take her so readily, but I said, "Take me and her to the station."

HAYES—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

BRIAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

DALEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.






Transported for Ten Years.

