




1392. 




THOMAS SMITH
 and 




WILLIAM ALEXANDER
 were indicted for

 stealing 10lbs. of leather, value 12s.; the goods of 



Charles Stokes; and Smith had been twice before convicted of felony.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES STOKES
. I live at Walworth, and Curtis was in my service—I missed some leather—I think it was early in May—it has not been found since—I had seen it two or three days before—it was about two feet wide and three feet long—it was sole leather, what we term the neck end of a butt—it was worth 12s. or 14s.—Curtis had access to the shed where it was placed—I have seen the prisoners frequently—Waldrom's yard comes to the side of my yard—I have seen the prisoners about—I cannot say that I have seen them at Waldrom's.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. You lost a piece of leather, was it about 10lbs. weight? A. Yes—I missed it two or three days after I saw it safe—it was a piece of foreign butt—Curtisisnotin my service now.





WILLIAM CURTIS
. I was in the service of Mr. Stokes—the two prisoners used to be hanging about our place—I know Waldrom's—I have seen Smith there—I have known him five months—I have not known Alexander so long—I remember my master having such a piece of leather as he has described—I stole it from him about half-past ten o'clock at night or a quarter to eleven on the 2nd of May—Alexander was then on the fence of the next yard, and Smith was in the yard of the next house to Waldrom's—I lifted the leather up to Alexander—Smith was down in the yard—the prisoners had both been about all the evening—they said they wanted money, and money they would have—they followed me all the way to Walworth-common, and told me that Walters had told them I had given him my master's boots, and they said if I did not give them something they would go and tell my master—the leather I gave them was about two feet wide and three feet long—I lifted it up and they took it—I went at eleven o'clock to shut up the shop, and in coming home I met the prisoners—they said they had put away the leather and had got 5s., and if I would come with ihem they would give me my share—I got 1s. 2d. of them.


Cross-examined. Q. How long were you with your matter before you began this game? A. About two months—I did not begin till after I had seen Walters—I had before been with Mr. Shadbolt, in the Strand, an upholsterer—I did not steal anything from him—he did not turn me away for thieving—gave him a week's notice, and discharged myself—I had 6s. a week, and only 5s. 6d. at Mr. Stokes's, but it was nearer home.

Smith. I was not near the premises; I never saw you till you came into the London-road and asked me to sell some leather for you; I told yen to go away; I saw you again, and you wanted me again to do it, and told me you would give me a halfpenny. Witness. No, I did not.





SAMUEL SALMON
. I live in Cottage-place, New-street, Kent-road; I am a porter. On the night of the 2nd of May I saw the prisoners at Mr. Best's house, opposite where I reside, about half-past ten, or a quarter to eleven o'clock at night—that is about two minutes' walk from Mr. Stokes's—they had a roll of leather with them about three feet long—they took it into Best's house—I know Best as a neighbour—he came and said something to me, and from what he said I went and listened at the shutters—Best and his wift were there, and Best offered 4s. 6d. for the leather—the prisoners would not take it—they wanted 5s.—they sent round to a man named Ward—he offered 5s. 6d. for it—they said they would take that—they then took it away in the direction of Ward's, but I did not follow.

Smith. He said he saw Curtis go into the house that night, and his aprot caught in the door. Witness. No—I said there was another party, but I could not say who it was.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you think it was Curtis? A. No.





MARY SALMON
. I am the mother of Samuel Salmon. I remember some articles being brought to Mr. Best's house that night, by persons about the height of the prisoners, but I could not swear to them—Mr. Best came oter, and said something.





WILLIAM MORTON
 (police-sergeant P 7) From what I was told, I watched Mr. Stokes's premises on Sunday, the 3rd of May. I saw Smith about for some time—he then went away—I saw him again on the Monday, the Taesday, and the Wednesday—on the Monday night he and Alexander went into Waldrom's passage—on the Tuesday night I saw Smith get on the paling! between Mr. Stokes's and Waldrom's—on the Wednesday I saw the prisoners again in front of Mr. Stokes's—I did not apprehend either of them—I did not see them on the 2nd of May.





GEORGE QUENNENT
 (police-constable P 201.) I watched the premises on the 3rd of May—I saw Smith in company with Curtis close by Mr. Stokes's, and on the evening of the 4th of May I saw the two prisoners in the back garden of Waldrom's house—they remained there about ten minute—it was about half-past eight o'clock at night, or a quarter to nine—they coughed and went away-Smith took a handful of gravel or stones, and threw them on the roof of a shed, and Alexander stood by.

Smith. Curtis says this to get himself off; he was in Horsemonger-lane.





WILLIAM CURTIS
. Yes, I was with these prisoners—Smith had a pair of boots and a pair of shoes of me.





GEOBOE WILD
 (police-constable M 94.) I produce a certificate of Smith's former conviction at Newington—(read—Convicted 3rd July, 1843, and confined three months, and whipped)—he is the person.





WILLIAM WEST
 (police-constable T 105.) I produce a certificate of Smithi former convietion at Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted 10th June, 1844, and confined six months)—he is the person.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.


ALEXANDER—Aged 18.—



Confined Three Months.



Before Mr. Recorder.

