



883. 



ISAAC COHEN
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 handkerchief, value 4d., the goods of a man whose name is unknown, from his person.






JOSEPH HEADINGTON
 (City police-constable, No. 112.) On the 19th of Feb. I was on duty in plain clothes, in the Court of Common Pleas. I saw the prisoner there—he remained there ten minutes or a quarter of an hour—I followed him—he went into the waiting-room—a lady and gentleman were looking through the window—I saw him put his hand against the lady's dress—he then put his hand into a gentleman's pocket, and took out a handkerchief—I seized him, and told the gentleman to come with me, he had lost his handkerchief—he felt, and said he had—I took the prisoner—he resisteld very much—I found on him another handkerchief besides the one he took from the gentleman—I have not found the gentleman out, nor his name.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you take the prisoner on this charge? A. Yes—he was examined twice at Guildhall and once at the Mansion-house—a gentleman was a witness at Guildhall, who said that he saw him—two or three persons were there—one was Mr. Rawlings, a wine-merchant, of Ingram-court—I know none of the other persons'names—I can mention several persons—there were other handkerchiefs there—Brand, the City officer, was one of the witnesses on one examination—there was another City-officer—Brand was not a witness on the charge of this handkerchief—he was a witness on the second or third examination—I was there on all occasions—I was sworn and examined on every examination—I was examined four times—Brand was examined on the third examination—Child was examined at Guildhall—they and others had been buying property of the prisoner—I ordered them to produce the property—some were handkerchiefs, one was a silver-box—I believe Child is a City-officer.

COURT. Q. They had been buying handkerchiefs of the prisoner? A. Yes, and a silver snuff-box stolen by the prisoner on the 30th of Jan.—that was bought by Brand.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Was the prisoner charged with stealing these handkerchiefs and things? A. He was not—I had not found it out then—it was produced because it was property that they had had from the prisoner—at the fourth examination the Magistrate committed the prisoner for stealing this handkerchief from a person unknown—I do not know whether the owners of the other handkerchiefs were known—the owner of the snuff-box was there, and he said he did not miss it for a day or two after—I have seen the prisoner before I took him—I believe he is known to Brand and others—he has been committed from the Mansion-house before this.

COURT. Q. Did Brand explain the purchase of this snuff-box, or give any particulars how he came to have it? A. After the prisoner was in custody I was sent for by Child, and he said he had advanced money on two handkerchiefs, and in the first instance Brand advanced 2s. on the box—this has

been mentioned before the Lord Mayor, but it was not gone into—the man the box belonged to was there, and said he did not miss it for two days.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Fifth Jury before Edward Bullock, Esq.

