




33. 




GEORGE JOLLY
. and 




JOHN CALLADINE
. were again indicted for

 stealing, on the 
9th of November, 1 bag, value 1s.; 1 handkerchief, value 9d.; 1 purse, value 3d.; 1 half-sovereign, 4 half-crowns, 7 shillings, 1 sixpence, 1 penny, 2 halfpence, and 2 farthings; the property of 



Parthenia Pool, from her person: and that Calladine had been previously convicted of felony.






PARTHENIA POOL
. On Lord Mayor's-day I was in Farringdon-street. I had a reticule, containing the property stated—I felt it go from my arm—I looked down by my left-hand side, and saw it in Jolly's hand—I

caught hold of him, and desired him to give me my bag—I saw him try to pass it to Calladine, but he dropped it on the ground—I am sure that Calladine was there, he was quite close to him, and they were both close to me—Jolly was taken into custody—when he was taken to the station-house Calladine followed him there—he could not know at that time that I had seen Jolly attempt to pass the bag—he asked my friend what was the matter, he said he did not know—this is the bag and its contents, it was cut from my arm—at the station-house door I saw Jolly attempt to pass something to Calladine.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What time was this? A. About a quarter before four o'clock—there was a great crowd—a lady picked the bag up, and gave it to me—my friend's name is Samuel Payne—I went before the Magistrate on the Tuesday following—they were remanded—I did not talk to the policeman till after I had been before the Magistrate, not till the second occasion—Calladine was charged on the first examination.





SAMUEL PAYNE
. I was with the prosecutrix in Farringdon-street on this afternoon—I saw her suddenly turn, and struggle with Jolly—I turned round—she exclaimed, "I am robbed"—I instantly collared the prisoner—some lady picked up the reticule, and gave it to the prosecutrix—I took it from her, and kept it till we got to the station-house, when I gave it to the policeman—this is it.

Cross-examined. Q. You were walking arm-in' arm with her? A. Yes, as near to the parties as herself.





SAMUEL M'CRA
. (City police-constable, No. 56.) I saw the struggle with Jolly and the prosecutrix—I saw the bag dropped—I did not see Calladine there.

Jolly. Q. Did you see me drop the bag? A. No, I saw it drop.





JAMES PORC
. (police-constable K 91.) I produce a certificate of Calladine's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he prisoner is the person who was tried by the name of John Carradine.

JOLLY.—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

CALLADINE.—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
