





780. 




ROBERT LANGSTON,



 JOHN EDWARDS
, and 



EDWARD HOPKINS
 were indicted for

 unlawfully, maliciously, and feloniously assaulting 



James Michael Wood, on the 
20th of January, with intent to do him some grievous bodily harm.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be with intent to resist and prevent the lawful apprehension of the said John Edwards.






JAMES MICHAEL WOOD
. I am a shoemaker, and live at No. 26, Duke-street. On Wednesday, the 20th of January, in the evening, I was going to my employer's in the London-road—I was going up Duke-street, and as I came on the opposite side to No. 3, I saw Edwards and another man come out of Mrs. White's house—Edwards had a bundle—they left the street-door wide open—I saw some others lurking about outside, and followed them—they were three suspicious characters, as I considered—I saw three standing near the spot, besides the two who came out—they were doing nothing, but standing close on the spot—Edwards and the other walked down Duke-street, and I followed them, leaving the three men where they were standing—Mrs. White is no acquaintance of mine, but I live in the same street—I could see into the house, and could see nobody but the men who came out—I knew they did not live there, as nobody but Mrs. White lives there—about the middle of Duke-street they parted, Edwards walked sharply away, and turned the corner into Webber-row towards Waterloo-road, and at the corner of Waterloo-road I laid hold of his collar, and said, "Come back"—he made a stop, and I thought he seemed to put himself in an attitude of defence—I put my hand into my pocket, and said, "If you play any tricks with me, I will shoot you on the spot"—I had nothing to shoot him with—he said nothing, but walked quietly back with me to Mrs. White's—the bundle turned out to be a clock—he had it with him—I sent for Mrs. White, who came—I asked if she had lost any thing—she

looked about, and said, "Who has been pulling my things about?"—Isaid, "Fetch a policeman,"upon which Langston and several others came to the door—I said to Mrs. White, "Shut the door, for there is some of the party"—I still held Edwards—the people at the door directly rushed in, and Langston struck me on the side of the head—it went right through my hat, and cut the lining and all—I could not see what he struck me with, but I am positive it was not with his fist—the moment he struck me, he said with an oath, "You b—, let go," and laid hold of Edwards and lugged us both out together into the street—he laid hold of Edwards, and I was drawn out with him—when we got into the street, I was thrown down and kicked in the body, by some person—I still kept hold of my prisoner, and called "Murder," "Police"—Edwards was down as well as myself—the policeman, No. 36, came to my assistance, and I gave him in charge—he was taken to the station—another policeman came to my assistance and secured Langston—I left the bundle in the house—I took it from Edwards when I brought him to the house—I saw it was a clock when I took him in Waterloo-road, it was not wrapped in any thing—my head bled for about an hour and a half from the blow—the policeman took me to a surgeon to have it dressed—the surgeon is not here—there was a great deal of blood—I have never been able to do any employment since—Ihave kept my bed for above a week—Edwards did not strike me at all—Ihave nothing to say about Hopkins—he was in the crowd at the door—Idid not see him do any thing.

Langston. Q. Before you got Edwards into Mrs. White's, did you see any person standing in the street? A. I did not bring Edwards up Duke-street, but round another way—at the time I brought him back I saw nobody standing by the door—I am positive you are the man who struck me.





JANE WHITE
. I live at No. 3, Duke-street—I was fetched home on the night in question—when I got there Mr. Wood stood there with the clock in his hand, and with Edwards in his other hand—it is my clock—I had seen it safe a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes before, banging on a nail opposite the window—I was at home then, and went out to a stand which I have with fruit—I left all right then—I could not swear whether the door was fastened or not—I know I did not leave it quite open, but very likely not quite fastened—I think it was ajar—Edwards is a stranger to me, and so are all the prisoners—when I got home Wood said, "Send for a policeman;"I said, "Let me have my clock, and don't send for a policeman"—he said, "I insist on it, you shall not be robbed, I will have a policeman"—then a person rushed in and struck something over his head—I do not know who it was, I was so frightened—I heard the blow struck, but did not know what it was with—it could not have been a fist, for he was too far off—I rushed out to call a policeman, and fell down in the kennel—I got up, fell again, and Mr. Baker, of the Oxford Arms, hearing the alarm, came out and caught one of the young men.

Langston. I ran into the smith's shop, and called the landlord of the public-house to assist the man who was down—I had no concern in assaulting him.





MARY CANTERBURY
. I was in Duke-street between six and seven o'clock in the evening, and saw Wood leading a young man by the collar—Ifollowed him to No. 3, and then Wood said, "Go and fetch Mrs. White, and then bring a policeman"—I fetched Mrs. White—then Wood sent me

for a policeman—I turned to fetch the policeman, and met five young men as I came from the door, and one said to Wood, "Bring him out, and take him to the station"—Wood said "No"—when they found I was going for a policeman, one of them struck me on my breast, and said, "You b—, you want a policeman"—directly they said that to me, Langston, who stood on my right side, reached over my right shoulder and broke my bonnet, and struck Mr. Wood a blow over his head—I could not tell what it was with, but it must have been with a heavy substance, and not his fist—I am positive it was Langston—I never saw the party before—directlyhe struck the blow I got out from them—some of them pulled Wood and the prisoner down—I got out into the street, and called for help, and "Murder"—the policeman came—I was frightened, and went home—I did not see Langston taken—I saw him at Union Hall the Saturday following in custody—it happened on Wednesday—there was a gas-light opposite, at the public-house, by which I saw them—I took particular notice of the whole five by the gas-light—Hopkins was one of the five, and Edwards was the one who had the clock—I saw Hopkins there, but did not see him do any thing.





JAMES LEWIS
. I am a policeman. I heard the alarm, went up, and found a number of people collected—there was a cry of "Murder"—I went into the crowd, and found Wood and Edwards on the ground—Wood was lying on his left side, and had hold of Edwards with both hands—I took hold of them both—he still called "Police," and told me to take him in charge, for he had stolen a clock—Wood's head was bleeding very much—Idid not examine it afterwards—I did not see whether it was cut—I took Edwards into custody—I picked up a key as I was taking him to the station, and a gentleman picked up two and gave them to me—they were picklock keys—I do not know who dropped them—I know it was not Edwards, as I was holding him—the three prisoners were taken into custody, and taken to the station.





WM. BREWSTER HEMMINGHAM
. I am a policeman. I went up to the crowd, and was going to the station with another charge, and hearing a cry of "Police" and "Murder "I left the charge, went to the spot, and saw Mr. Baker, who is not here, holding Langston, and saying, "This is him"—I seized him stantly—I saw Wood close by him, and he said, "This is him; they have stolen a clock, and he has struck me"—I took Langston in custody—he said, "Mr. Hemmingham, do you think I would steal the poor woman's clock?"—in going along with him he made a very desperate resistance—atthat time Hopkins was close to him, trying to get something from him, as I perceived or imagined—Hopkins kept close to him, I several times told him to keep back—I had another struggle with Langston going along, and called Bartlett's assistance, and desired him to lay hold of Langston's hand; for previous to this Langston had thrown this handkerchief down, and a boy picked it up and gave it to him—he let it fall—I then called Bartlett to assist me, and told him to take hold of his hand, and as he caught hold of his hand, I heard something fall on the ground, and told Bartlett to stoop and pick it up, and in my presence he picked up these two latch door-keys, and handed them to me—these are common latch-keys—I saw another person in the crowd pick up these three keys, two of which are skeleton, and one a latch-key—when the keys were thrown down, although I had put Hopkins away several times from annoying me, he immediately stooped to get the keys up—another policeman,

who is not here, came up, and gave Hopkins to custody, on suspicion of being concerned in the felony—we went to the station—I saw Hopkins searched, and there was nothing found on him but a knife, gimlet, and handkerchief—the handkerchief Langston threw away was covered with blood.

Langston. My nose was broken and bleeding. Witness. I saw a plaster on his nose, but no blood on it.

COURT. Q. Did you look at Wood's wound? A. Yes, and took him to the surgeon, and saw the wound dressed—the flesh was driven in, and was bleeding very profusely—it appeared to be two wounds—they made very great resistance—I was obliged to tear part of Langston's stock, which was found in the street afterwards—I never had a more desperate man to take.

Langston. Directly my stock broke, it made me angry and resist.





ROBERT BARTLETT
. remember the prisoners being taken into custody—Iwent with them part of the way to the station—as they went along did not see any thing done—I saw Hemmingham with Langston in custody—I was called to assist—as I went along he tried to get away from the constablen Duke-street—he tried to throw something away—I heard something rattle on the ground—I was told to pickt up, and it was two keys—I took them up, and saw another person stoop and take up something—I could not tell who it was—I do not know whether he did take any thing up—I heard a policeman say, "Take him into custody," meaning Hopkins—I did not see Hopkins do any thing myself.

Langston. Q. Did not go quietly with you? A. No, we had a hard tustle with you.

Cross-examined. Q. About how many people were there there when you were going along? A. A great number.

Langston's Defence. I am a butcher, and am a hard-working person—Iwork in Newgate-market, to support my mother and her family—several salesmen there know me—I ran over to the blacksmith's shop the moment the man called "Murder"—I called the people out of the shop and came to assist him—the publican seeing me, ran over, thought was one of the men, and took me.

LANGSTON—


GUILTY
 on the 2nd Count. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fifteeen Years.

EDWARDS


HOPKINS





NOT GUILTY


