





889. 




JOHN BROWN
 and 



MARY BROWN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
6th of February, at 
St. Dunstan's, Stebonheath, alias Stepney, 1 purse, value 2s. 6d., and 6 sovereigns, the property of 



Sarah Mackrow, in her dwelling-house.






SARAH MACKROW
. I am a widow, and live in Catherine-street, Lime-house-fields, in the parish of Limehouse. On the 6th of Feb., at night, I went to a box, which I kept on my first floor landing, to get some money, and found the lock had been broken, and from a small box inside that I missed a purse and six sovereigns, which I had noticed were all new, and of the present reign—I had seen them safe on Friday, the 3rd—the box had been opened by a key—the prisoners lodged in the house—they came home that night between eleven and twelve o'clock, in a cab, and were not sober—they had lodged with me nine days, in an unfurnished room—I did not have any character with them—the man represented himself as a bricklayer, but did not go out while there till very late in the day, and not at all on Wednesday—I left my son in the house, on the 6th, when I went out between five and six—I returned at seven—he is thirteen years old.

Cross-examined by
MR. WYLDE. Q. Did they live as man and wife? A. I took them in as such, but have heard since they are not so.





HENRY COTTEN
 (police-constable K 361.) I was called to Mrs. Mackrow's house on the 6th of Feb.—I got there about half-past seven o'clock, and was there when the prisoners came in about eleven—they were in liquor—I took the man into custody, and told him what he was charged with—he said he had no money about him—I searched him in the presence of another constable—I found three sovereigns, 22s. 6d. in silver, and 2d., on him—the sovereigns were in an inside waistcoat pocket—it was a cloth waistcoat—he wore two—the pocket was in front of the inner waistcoat—the silver and copper were in his trowsers pocket—I searched the prisoners' room, and found this chisel, in a bag, in their cupboard, with a hammer and two or three tools—I examined the large box the prosecutrix mentioned, and found marks on it, which I applied the chisel to—it appeared to correspond with the impressions—I have the box here—(pointing out the marks)—I found nothing on the female—she was too tipsy to answer rationally—I found some duplicates in their room, one dated as late as the 4th of Feb., for 9d.—as I brought the prisoners to the station I said nothing, either promise or threat—the man said I had the money, that I might keep the money, as nobody knew anything about it but me, I might keep it and let him go—the sovereigns are new, and of the present reign—the house is in the parish of Stepney—it is eleven doors from old Stepney church.

John Brown. Q. How did you find the box? A. The lock was on, but it had been broken off previously—he said I might keep the money, and let him go, as no one would know anything about it.





GEORGE WELLS
. I am an attorney. This house is in Catherine-street—the whole of that is the parish of Limehouse—I am solicitor to the hamlet of Ratcliffe, and have walked the bounds with both parishes—the road separates the parishes.





GEORGE MACKROW
. I am the prosecutrix's son. I was at home when the prisoners left the house.

John Brown. Q. You were asked for the door-key, were you not? A. Yes—I went up by the box, but did not notice whether there was any thing the matter with it—you told me you were going to be out late, and asked me for the key of the door—my brother was at home—he is not here—he is a married man.

MRS. MACKROW
re-examined. The chisel did not belong to me—I had never seen it—the cupboard the officer found it in was in the prisoners' room.


John Brown. It is my chisel—he found it in the cupboard—it had not been out of the bag for a fortnight. If any one will look, they will see the lock has been taken off the box twenty times; it is worn so away, any instrument night have done it—unless it has been altered since; the policeman could only find one mark at the office. The duplicates did not belong to us.





HENRY COTTEN

re-examined. The Magistrate found the marks at the office—they have not been altered—I saw them the night I took the prisoners before I found the chisel—I found the duplicate on the mantel-piece in the room—it is for a tea-board, pawned in the name of Lambert.





GEORGE MACKROW

re-examined. I was in the back parlour when my mother went out—the prisoners' is a back room, up stairs, on the same landing as the box—my brother was in the same room with me—I went up for the key, which is kept in the passage; but when I got up, it was down in the room I was sitting in—it is usually on the passage ledge, and I went up for it, thinking I had put it there some part of the day—the prisoner asked for it between six and seven o'clock, after my mother had gone out—the box stood a few feet from the prisoners' room door—nobody else lodged on that floor.

JOHN BROWN—



GUILTY of Stealing only. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.


MARY BROWN—


NOT GUILTY
.
