




2751. 




JOHN PILE
 and 




WILLIAM CHARD
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
16th of September, 1 coat, value 1l. 5s.; the goods of 



John Hulm; and that Chard had been before convicted of felony.







JOHN HULM
. I am a clerk, and live in Gillingham-street, Pimlico. I left the counting-house about four o'clock on the 16th of Sept.—I was absent about ten minutes—I came back, and saw Pile coming out—I missed my coat—I saw it again in Aird's possession—this is it.





JAMES AIRD
. I live in Hinton-street. At half-past four o'clock, on the 16th of Sept., I was passing the prosecutor's house, and saw Pile drop this coat about twenty or thirty yards off—I had seen him come out of the prosecutor's house with it—Chard was with him—he was four or five yards from Pile when he dropped it, and he said to Pile, "Pick it up, you b—fool, and come along"—I am sure of that—I took the coat up, and said, "Who owns this?"—the prosecutor came and saw it—Chard walked on to the other side of the way, as if he had nothing to do with Pile.

Chard. You stated at the office that I was twenty yards off when Pile came out. Witness. Some boys threw a stone and hit my leg—I called out "Hoy"—Pile dropped the coat, and ran off—I swear Chard said "You b—fool, pick it up, and come along"—Pile said at the office, "He sent me in for it."

Chard. I got up to Pile, and I said, "What are you running for? he said he picked up something, and they were running after him. I walked along after Pile to the station, and they took me.

Pile's Defence. I was coming along, and saw the coat at the door; I took it; I heard the witness call out, and laid it down; I never offered to run; the gentleman came after me, and then I ran a little way; I never said Chard sent me in for it.





JOHN HULM

re-examined. Pile said, "Chard sent me in for it," and Chard did not make any reply.





CHARLES ISAACS
. I produce a certificate of Chard's former conviction, which I got from the Sessions-house, Clerkenwell—(read)—I was present—he is the person.

PILE—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—



Confined Six Months.


CHARD*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

