



2196. 




DANIEL SINCLAIR
 was indicted

 for bigamy; having been before convicted of felony.


MESSRS. BALLANTINE and HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






EDWARD ELLIOTT.
 I am parish clerk of St. Nicholas, Newcastle-upon-Tyne.

I produce a marriage certificate—I examined it with the parish register of marriages in that church—it is a correct copy—I was present at the marriage—(read—"Daniel Sinclair and Ann Warwick were married by banns on the 28th of Oct., 1830, by James Taylor, in presence of Margaret Wood and Edward Elliott")—the prisoner is the man here mentioned—I know Ann Warwick—she was alive last Saturday.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST.
Q. She was not only alive, but rather lively was she not? A. I do not know anything about that—I do not know whether she had had a child or two—I do not know whether she has lived with somebody—I do not know what name she goes by—I found her out by inquiring for Ann Warwick—I think she does not go by the name of Sinclair—I saw one child which might be four or five years old—I knew the prisoner before he was married—he was seaman—he was about seventeen or eighteen when he was married—I knew Ann Warwick perhaps two or three years before she was married—I know nothing about her being loose in her morals—she did not appear to be walking about the town—it is immaterial to me how she got her living—I do not know what her parents were—I do not know whether she and the prisoner were lodging in one house when they were married—I never knew her parents—I do not know what age she was when she was married.





JANE WELLS.
 I am living in Queen-street, Ratcliff, with my mother who keeps a shop for the sale of nautical instruments—I became acquainted with the prisoner by his coming to the shop—I married him at Christ Church Rotherhithe, on the 26th of Oct.,1845.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you married privately, that your friends should not know anything about it? A. Yes; he wished it to be private, and I consented to it—he came to me as a single man—his sisters told me that he had been married, and that he had been tried—I am not now engaged to a gentleman—a gentleman paid me some attention, but when I told him this circumstance it was dropped directly—no one knew that I was married, and therefore it was likely that any one might pay me attention—I was married before, and was a widow without children—the first time I married, it was without my friends knowing anything about it—I told them of if about twelve months afterwards—I made my brother acquainted with my having married the prisoner about three months afterwards—my friends knew of my acquaintance with the prisoner at first, and they were against it—I went to the prisoner's sisters to inquire about him, one sister sent me to another, and then they told me about him—I think I married him about six weeks after they gave me that information—he was just on the point of going to sea when I married him—he told me that Judge Cress-well, who tried him, told him he was a free man, and when he went to get the license the proctor told him he was all right—I did not take his sister's advice, I took his advice—I lived in the same house with my mother when it occurred—I went out to be married, and returned to my mother's

MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. Before his sisters said this, did he say he was married? A. No; he always said he was not—after I had received this communication from them I spoke to him about it—he said he was married, but had never seen his wife from the hour he was married—he afterwards said Justice Cresswell tried him, and he said he was a perfectly free man—I believed that at the time I married him—I kept the marriage secret because my friends were opposed to it, and he wished it to be kept secret—he told me at one time that he had been to a proctor, and he told him it was illegal unless

he took me to the continent—a gentleman has made proposals to me since, but I immediately told him of this, the same hour.





GEORGE MALLANDINE.
 I am a clerk in the library of the Bank of England. I remember the time when the prisoner was paying attention to Mrs. Wells—he and I were on board the Duke of Manchester, and I had a communication with him on the subject of his first wife being alive—I argued the question with him about the impropriety of his marrying again—he said he thought he could be married again—I told him I thought it was quite illegal, and if he was so situated that he could not live without the lady, he had better go to sea, and see if anything turned up, that his former wife might die, and then the obstacle would removed.

Cross-examined. Q. Your notion was, that if a man were very warm in love a sea-voyage might do him good? A. Yes—he told me he thought he, could legally marry; he thought his first marriage was done away with, but I thought not—before we parted, he was inclined to my opinion, that it was better to wait—this was said on board the Duke of Manchester, the vessel in which he had just returned form the West Indies—Mrs. Wells sent me down there to see him—I do not know that he had got any legal advice then—I am not a lawyer—I spoke my opinion.





WILLIAM DAVISON DAY
 (policeman, K 74.) I apprehended the prisoner on board a vessel called the Maid of Orkney, in the West India Docks—he came on shore with me to the Dock—I then told him it was time to throw of all disguise, I was going to apprehend him for bigamy, in marrying Mrs. Wells—he said, "I don't know such a person"—he broke away form me, and I followed him with a hue and cry—he ran round the Dock, and endesvoured to get over the bridge—I at last apprehended him—it took four constables and two other persons to handcuff him—he nearly threw me into the Dock, if there had not been a barrel there, I must have gone in—I have a certificate of his marriage at Rotherithe Church—I got it at the minister's house—I saw it extracted, and examined it with the book.

Cross-examined. Q. The prisoner said you had no right with him at all? A. Yes, he did say so, and when I got to the station, he said I might get a committal, but not a conviction—he said, "When you have charged me, I shall be done with."

MR. PRENDERGAST
called






JOHN HOLLAND
 I live at No. 2, Oval-cottages, Hackney-road. I have known the prisoner since he was a boy—we were boys together—he has been a decent respectable person—I knew him in Liverpool about seven years—he was captain of a large vessel called the Sarah, of about 600 tons—he conducted himself as a respectable man—he raised himself to his present situation by his good conduct.

MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. Did you hear that he had been tried and convicted, and sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment? A. Yes, certainly, I heard it—I know it from report—I cannot say anything about it—I suppose I must believe it—I merely state that I knew him in Liverpool for six or seven years, and during that time he was a respectable man—I am merely speaking of the time I knew him there—I believe he married in Liverpool, but that wife is dead—I do not know exactly when that was—I knew him well, but I did not know when he married—I did not know a Mrs. Fenwick, of Newcastle—I had heard that he had a wife alive, but I had nothing to do with it—I merely speak of his good character.

MR. PRENDERGAST.
Q. Did you know of the marriage at Liverpool till

after it had taken place? A. No.—that was the person whom I understood he was indicted for marrying—apart from that circumstance, I believe him always to have borne the character of a respectable man—that is the character I have always heard of him.





FREDRICK PELHAM.
 I produce a certificate, which I got from the Crown-office of the Country Palatine of Lancaster—(read—Convicted the 9th of Aug., 1837, of bigamy, and confined twelve months.)





EDWARD ELLIOTT

re-examined. I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person who was then tried.
(William Thomas, of Poplar, and Mr. Robson, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Years.

