



412. 




ALEXANDER FORD,



 feloniously forging and uttering an order for the payment of 121.4s.; with intent to defraud 



Matthias Attwood and another: having been before convicted.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






ANDREW BARNARD SPRINGWELLER
. I make medicine-chests, and live in Duke-street, Little Britain. On 7th July, between twelve and one o'clock in the day, a person came to my shop and accosted me very familiarly, apparently knowing me—in my own mind I believe the prisoner to be the man, but I canuot swear positively to him—I said, "I think you have the advantage of

me, it is most likely you recollect me at Savory and Moore's, about two years since"—he said he had taken a business at the West-end of the town, late in possession of Mr. Downes, of Duke-street, Manchester-square, and he wished some articles in my line—I knew there was a person named Downes who had died some time before—he introduced this check for 12l. 4s., drawn by Mr. Williams, and asked if I would pass it through my hankers, it being crossed "and Co."—I rather hesitated from the smallness of the amount, and having nothing to pay in that day; but after some time I said 1 would do it, he having told me he had taken Downes' business, and that he should be a customer of mine, induced me to do it—he asked me to give bim a check, which 1 rather hesitated doing—I said it was not exactly business, as we were strangers, but I would pay it in, and if it was paid he might have the money next day if he called on me—he asked if I would give him a check dated the following day—that I objected to do, but said he could have the money if he called on me in the morning, supposing it was paid—he said he thought he should be unable to call, and I, supposing he was in possession of Downes' business, told him my man would be up in the course of the day, and would bring him the money—he left, leaving me the check, having selected some few bottles which were to be sent to bim—I paid the check into my bankers—his "Union Bank" was written by my orders—the same evening I received this note—(read—"Sir, I must request you do not present the crossed cheque I left in your hands, for it will not be paid. I have further to state, that in consequence of my being unable to complete my purchase of the business, I shall not require the bottles I selected. Regretting the trouble I have occasioned you, I remain, Sir, your obedient, J. Higg. Ford.")—I saw no more of the prisoner—I did not send the bottles.

Prisoner. Q. You said before the Magistrate that there was a marked difference in the upper part of the face between me and the party who presented the order? A. Yes; but I have recovered from that—you look more like the person now, you had a hollow eye then—if asked if 1 ever saw you before, I could not answer offhand—I should feel great doubt in swearing to you, but have a very strong impression.





FREDERICK WILLIAM THOMAS
. My office is in Union-court, Old Broad-street. I know the prisoner—I have seen him write and endorse a bill—I have bills in the same writing as this one, passed by the prisoner to me—I believe this to be his, the whole of it—he has three or four handwritings—he signs his name in a hand like this—he passed to me bills of exchange in various parties' names in this other writing—I swear this letter is his.

Prisoner. Q. Did you ever see me write? A. I saw you endorse two bills—I have had three or four letters from you when your bills were unpaid, offering me money to hold them over—it is two years last July aince 1 took the last of your forged bills.





WILLIAM TWBLLS
. I am clerk to Matthias Attwood and others—I paid this check—we have no banking account in the name of Thomas Williams, but we paid it on account of the Brecon Provincial Bank—we supposed it to be their check—I believe it was compared with other writing supposed to be Mr. Williams's.

Prisoner. Q. Were you advised of the letter of credit? A. Our advices were to pay Mr. Williams's checks to the amount of 100l.





THE REV. THOMAS WILLIAMS
. I am a clergyman, of the county of Brecon. I had credit at Spooner and Attwoods, through the National and Provincial Bank—this check is not my writing, or written by my authority—I do not think I ever saw the prisoner before Friday.

Prisoner. Q. You said before the Magistrate that the party who wrote it

had not the slightest idea of forging your name? A. It does not resemble my writing at all.
----HARD WICK (police-sergeant, D 7). I took the prisoner at Winchester on 23d Dec. on another charge.

Prisoner's Defence, I did not present the check—I know nothing about it.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-sergeant, G 20). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction—(read—Convicted Aug. 1846, of uttering a forged order for 10l., and transported for seven years)—I was present—he is the person—through the intercession of his friends his sentence was commuted.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years
,
