






1694. 




THOMAS WHITE,


 THOMAS ALLISON,



 SARAH JONES
, and 




SARAH FULLER
, were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Elizabeth Hackett, about twelve in the night of the 
9th of April, at 


St. John, Southwark, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 24 shirts, value 2l. 8s., and 10 pairs of trowsers, 7l., her property; and that White had been before convicted of felony.






ELIZABETH HACKETT
. I am single, and keep a slop-shop in Thornton-street, Dockhead, in the parish of St. John. On Sunday night, the 9th of April, I went to bed at eleven o'clock—the house was all safe—just before twelve I heard a great noise, got up, opened the window, but could see nobody but a woman at the top of the alley—I went down about seven in the morning, found the fan-light over the door broken right in, sufficiently for a person to get into the house—a bundle of shirts was taken away, and ten pairs of trowsers, worth 9l. 12s. 6d.





GEORGE GALE
. I sell coffee and ginger-beer, and live in Brewer's-court, Horsleydown, in the next street to the prosecutrix—I saw the four prisoners that night, a little after four o'clock, with another not in custody, in Thornton-street,—they passed by me—they had nothing with them that I saw—I asked them if they wanted any coffee or ginger-beer—White made some remark and they went on about twenty yards, then stopped for about five minutes, and seemed to be considering—they came back—I had a cane on my truck—White took it up—I told him to put it down, it was not his property—we had a tustle to get it—then Allison came back to him, and said something—I thought I heard they should be blown or something, and he gave me the cane, they all five went on, and turned into New-street, which is at the back of Thornton-street—in ten minutes or a quarter of an hour I saw them come into an alley—White came forward, and seemed to be talking to somebody behind—they stood there some time, went back, and appeared to go into New-street, into Thornton-street—the female prisoners went and stood by the post-office, about 100 yards from the prosecutrix's—the male prisoners came up the street—Allison went down a court by the side of the house, and then White went down—I went towards the place, to see what they were doing—the male prisoners crossed the road, and went down towards the females, and the man not in custody walked down on the same side of the way as the prosecutrix's shop—that was the last I saw of them till I saw

the women in custody that evening, and White and Allison on the Saturday following.

Allison. I was not before the Magistrate. Witness. No, he was not—I never knew any of them before.





THOMAS TURVEY
. I am a policeman. On Monday morning, the 10th of April, about nine o'clock, I was going on duty on Southwark-bridge-road—I saw all the prisoners and one not in custody in company—the two females had something in both their aprons—I asked them what they had—they said, "Some work"—I asked where they got it from—Fuller said her sister was in the habit of taking out work from a slop-shop, and they were going to take it home to their sister—I asked what they had to do to them, or if they were finished—they could not tell me—I asked them to let me look at them, which I did, and asked where their sister lived—they said a little way along the street, that is Norfolk-street—I said I would go with them—the men went on, and when they found I detained the women they all three ran away—I took the women to the station—in a few minutes after the prosecutrix came to give information of her shop being broken open and property stolen—she claimed the property—I had seen the three men frequently before—I am sure White and Allison are two of them.

White. I was forty yards from the females when you stopped them. Witness. He was not further than I am from him now—they were all five together—I had followed them nearly 150 yards—they were talking till they saw me close on them, and then the men made away from the women.

MRS. HACKETT
re-examined. This is part of the property I lost—I know the shirts by the make, as well as by a particular mark in the cotton, which I noticed when I had them.

White's Defence. I met the two females on the other side of London-bridge; they asked me to give them something to drink; I said yes, if they came to the house I would. We went and had three or four pots of beer together; they asked me to give them a breakfast, which I did, at eight o'clock. I then said, "I must go to my work." I had got a little way along Southwark-bridge-road, and saw them coming after me. I afterwards looked behind, and saw them with the policemen I met two strange men in the street; this was not one.

Jones's Defence. On Sunday night a young woman who I knew asked me to mind the shirts for her; she must pawn them on Monday morning; she said she was taking them to her sister's; the policeman has told a great story.

Allison's Defence. I can prove where I was at the time the robbery was committed, but have not had time. I had nothing to do with the robbery.





WILLIAM KEATING
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of White's former conviction, from the office of the Clerk of the Peace for Surrey—(read)—I was present at the trial—he is the man—he was tried by the name of John Smith.

WHITE—


GUILTY
. * Aged 22.—


Transported for Life.


ALLISON—


GUILTY
.

JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

FULLER—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.






Transported for Fifteen Years.

