



1817. 




CHARLES THOMAS WITCHELL



, stealing, whilst employed under the Post-office, a post letter, containing 2 sixpences, 2 stamps, and 1 duplicate; the property of 

her Majesty's Postmaster-general.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL SPAREPOINT
. In June last I was living at Deal—I formerly resided in the neighbourhood of the Hackney-road, and had occasion to make a pledge at a pawnbroker's in that neighbourhood. On Wednesday, 12th July, I enclosed in a letter the duplicate relating to the pledge, two sixpences, and two postage stamps—I wafered it with two wafers, and addressed it, "Mr. F. Cotton, 28, Hackney-road, Middlesex," and gave it my wife to to take to the Post-office—these fragments of paper (produced) are parts of that letter, and this is the duplicate.





ESTHER ELIZABETH SPAREPOINT
. On 12th July I received a letter from my husband, which I put into the Post-office, at Deal, about noon.





WELCOME COLE
. I am an inspector of letter-carriers, in the London District of the Post-office—the prisoner has been employed as a letter-carrier of the London District upwards of three years. On 13th July, about seven o'clock in the morning, he was employed in sorting letters at the chief office for the Shoreditch branch—while sorting them I saw him feel the letters, as I considered, in a very suspicious manner, so as to see if they contained anything—I observed this memorandum-book (produced) lying open on the table—I saw him look round, as if to see if the inspector was watching him—shortly afterwards I saw him place, as I supposed, a letter in

that book—his back was towards me at the time—he closed the book in a very hurried manner, and it still remained on the board while he was sorting the other letters—he then looked round again, and put the book hurriedly into his breast-pocket—I communicated what I had seen to Mr. Bell, the president on duty—it was then about half-past seven.

COURT. Q. Was it your duty to see whether anything irregular was going on? A. I was not actually on duty that morning, but from instructions I had received I watched the prisoner.





HENRY JAMESON
. I am one of the inspectors of letter-carriers. On the morning of 13th July, after I had had some communication from Mr. Bell, the president on duty, I watched the prisoner—I observed him go towards the stairs that lead to the water-closets, and desired him to go to. Mr. Bell—I went with him—Mr. Bell said he believed he had a memorandum book in his pocket—he said, "Yes"—Mr. Bell asked him to produce it—he did so—Mr. Bell looked into it, and returned it to him—he said that would do, and let him go—the prisoner then went down stairs, and returned in five or ten minutes with his breakfast in his hand—about five minutes after that, William Taylor, a letter-carrier, brought up part of a letter.





WILLIAM TAYLOR
. I am a letter-carrier, in the London District-office. On 13th July, at a quarter to eight o'clock, I was on duty, and had occasion to go down stairs to the water-closets—I went into the centre one of the three—on the left side of the seat I found this part of a letter—I took it up stairs, and gave it to Mr. Jameson—the seal was not broken—the direction was on it as it is now—it appears to have been torn in half.





WILLIAM BLACKBURN
. I am a plumber. On the morning of 13th July, between eight and nine o'clock, I was directed to examine the basin of the centre water-closet, at the London District Post-office, and in the trap under the basin I found this part of a letter, and a duplicate in it—I gave it to Mr. Smith.





ROBERT SMITH
. I am superintending-president of the London District Post-office. The fragments of a letter was brought to me on 13th July—I sent for the prisoner, who was brought to my room a little before ten o'clock—I put these parts of the letter together, so as to ascertain that it formed one letter, and so as to see its contents—I charged him with stealing a letter that morning—I had the fragments in my hand—he said, "I have no letter about me"—I said, "I know that, but you had the letter in your pocket when you were taken into Mr. Bell's room"—he made no reply to that—I then said, "The letter contained a duplicate, 1s., and two postage stamps, and you stole a letter on Saturday morning"—he said no, he did not—Cole then asked him if he had any postage stamps about him—he said he had two—I said, "Produce them?" and he said they were in his office coat-pocket—that coat was sent for, and examined—there were none there—he then produced a pocket-book, which was examined, but nothing found in it—I said, "Peak the officer must be sent for to search him," and the prisoner then took his watch from his pocket, and on his opening it two postage stamps were found in the case—I then said, "These postage stamps were stolen from the letter"—he made no reply to that—I then took him to the solicitor's office, but before doing so I asked if he had any explanation to offer—he said, '" I did it; I am very sorry; I do not know what could have induced me to do it, but I did not take the letter on Saturday"—I think he said it was distress that made him do it—I think his wages were 21s. a week—he had only just married, and I expressed my regret to him at the time,

on account of his wife—a letter posted at Deal, at the latter part of the day, would arrive at the General Post-office about five next morning—a letter addressed as this one would go to the Shoreditch Branch, and would have come into the prisoner's hands to sort.
(Button Fidler, a carpenter and builder; Thomas Cook, a draper; and Edward Dyer, innkeeper, all of Wansted, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.

