



2289. 




JOSEPH KEATS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of August, 1 peck of a certain mixture of oats and beans, value 1s., and 2 bushels of chaff, value 1s., the goods of 



William Pershouse.






JOHN WALKER
. I am a policeman. On the 21st of August, at half-past eleven o'clock at night, I was in the Trafalgar-road, at Greenwich—I saw the prisoner go into a stable. belonging to Mr. Pershouse—he had nothing with him then—he was in about a quarter of an hour—he then came out with a sack on his back—he shut the door, and was going away—he got two or three yards off with the sack, when I took him by the shoulder and said I should take him to Mr. Pershouse—he said, "For God's sake don't take me, for the sake of my character; I will give you all the money I have got, which is 5l."—when I seized him, he dropped the sack.


Prisoner. I never said such a thing—I took the sack out of my cart, which I had there.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Was there a cart? A. I did not see it—I was within three yards of the stable door, standing behind some pales, which concealed me, so that I could see the prisoner, and he could not see me—I had been there three quarters of an hour.

COURT. Q. What did the sack contain? A. Beans, oats, and chaff, and some bits of brown paper were amongst it, that the prosecutor might identify it.





ROBERT TAYLOR
 (police-sergeant R 18.) I was with the other officer—what he has stated is correct.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see any cart? A. No, I was standing behind a gate, which has some open palings—I was on one side of the gate, and Taylor on the other.





WILLIAM PERSHOUSE
. This was my stable. I had been robbed, and told the officer to watch—I mixed this oats, beans, and chaff, so as to know it, about an hour and a half before it was taken—I had cut some brown paper and put among it—I know it to be the same—the prisoner was brought to me by the two officers—he said he brought the corn from the dealers—I said, "It is not worth while to tell stories, you will see when you get to the station that there is a mark in it"—he then said, "It was pot handy for me."
(James Kite, a haberdasher, of Greenwich, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—

Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Recorder.

