




2354. 




WILLIAM WILLIAMS
 and 




WILLIAM DAVIS
 were indicted for

 stealing 2 gallons and 1 pint of brandy, value 2l. 8s.; the property of 




John Smith, the master of Williams: to which


DAVIS pleaded 


GUILTY. Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Mr. Law conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN SMITH.
 I am a master carman, and live at Shadwell—William was in my employ—on the 29th Sept. I sent him with two hogsheads of brandy from the London Docks to the West India Docks—I gave him money to pay the toll to go the nearest way—he went at a quarter before one o'clock, and I told him to be back by a quarter before three—the straight road does not go down Rose-lane—I saw the two hogsheads next day, and discovered where they had been plugged—Williams did not return till ten minutes before four, an hour beyond his time.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST.
Q. How long had Williams been in your service? A. Two days—I had known him off and on I suppose for three years—he did work for Mr. Smithers, but I believe he was discharged—I told him to make haste back and attend to my business—by paying 1s. for the toll I think I may gain 2s.—he could go the furthest way without paying toll—I observed no appearance about the casks.

COURT.
Q. You said you discovered that they had been plugged? A. Yes—but there was no appearance of any plug—we sent for the Company's cooper and turned the casks up, and there was a hole bored in a very ingenious manner in a slanting direction under the hoop, and a brewer's rent peg driven in so that it would puzzle any man to find it—we did find it—the brandy is here now.





JAMES PEARCE.
 I am a brass-founder, and live in Rose-lane. On Wednesday the 29th Sept., a little before two o'clock, I saw the prisoners and a boy in a cart—I was sitting at my window after having my dinner—the cart stood still about two minutes, and Davis was in a stooping attitude in the act of boring into one of the casks—there were two in the cart, one in front and the other at the back—Williams was sitting in front to drive, but the cart was standing still at that time under the archway—Davis was standing between the two casks, he looked up, saw me, and said to Williams "Drive on"—they drove on and were gone about forty minutes—they then came through the archway again and gave a nose-bag out to a boy—he went away, and I came down stairs—the cart was just turning the corner to go into the Commercial-road—I went to the corner and saw it standing by the White Horse-gate, waiting on account of the toll—Williams said he had lost the ticket, and Davis came out of the public-house and paid the toll—they

drove on about 100 yards toward the docks—Davis then asked Williams to give him the bag, and Williams gave him a nose-bag out, covered with straw—Davis went up King David-lane with it—I followed him till I met the policeman, and he followed him with the bag—I never lost sight of Davis from the time he left the cart.

Cross-examined. Q. I do not know what you are, you seem to me to be getting into the police? A. No—I never applied for it in my life—I am a brass-founder—I was here seven or eight years ago about some lad taking lead from my master's house—I was smoking a pipe, and enjoying myself, when I observed Davis do this, and Williams stopped at the toll-gate for his ticket or money—Williams was sitting with his face towards the horses, while Davis was stooping—he appeared to be boring—Williams' back was turned to the brandy—he could not see so well as I could, still I dare say he knew what was going on—I saw a boy and I saw both the bags—Davis gave the first bag to the boy—it was a nose-bag such as they give the horses victuals out of.

COURT.
Q. Were there two bags? A. Yes—Williams handed the second bag to Davis in the Commercial-road—it was the same sort of bag as the one the boy had—I saw nothing but the nose-bag and a little straw.





HARRY HAYWARD
 (policeman, 401 K.) On the 29th Sept. I saw the prisoner Davis, and in consequence of information I stopped him in Brook-street—he was carrying this nose-bag with a string over his shoulder—I asked what he had in it—he said, "Some stuff for the horses"—I asked him to let me feel it, and he would not—I took him to the station, and found two gallons and a pint and a half of brandy in this bladder in the nose-bag—I then went to the London-docks, and waited there till Williams returned there—I took him to the station and found these two spiles on him.





JOHN SMITH

re-examined. I should not like to swear to this nose-bag, but it is very much like what I had—I believe it to be mine.





SAMPSON GAPP.
 I am a guager at the London Dock. On the 27th Sept. I gauged two hogsheads of brandy marked "J. M. 81 and 82"—on the 29th I saw those two hogsheads loaded in Mr. Smith's cart.

Cross-examined. Q. You put down the quantity in a book? A. Not in a book, on the delivery order—I have not the order here, it is lodged in the proper office in the Custom-house—(the witness was directed to fetch the order)—this is the document—I have made a minute of the quantity the hogsheads contained—I remember putting it down—No. 81 contained 58 gallons, and 82, 57 gallons—part of the writing on this document is mine, and it has my name to it—here is "Contents 60," that is what the hogs-heads would hold if they were quite full—here is "ullage," that is the liquid quantity that was in the hogsheads—there was actually 58 gallons in one, and 57 in the other.





WILLIAM PRENDLE.
 I am foreman cooper at the London Docks—I loaded Mr. Smith's cart, on the 29th of Sept, with two hogsheads of brandy, marked "J. M. 81 and 82"—they were in very good condition—I superintended the coopering, and also loaded them.





WILLAIM ROBERT STEPHENS.
 I am a wharfinger in the service of the East and West India Dock Company. On Wednesday, the 29th of September, the prisoner Williams brought two hogsheads of brandy to the Docks—they were damp at the bottom, as if standing in wet straw, or perhaps leaking—I saw them stripped on the following morning, and found there was a spile under one of the bilge hoops in each cask—(the bilge hoops are the hoops nearest

to the bung)—those spiles ought not to have been there if the casks had been in proper order—they were gauged in my presence.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know the spiles ought not to have been there? A. From my own knowledge, having seen many thousand casks—a spile could be used for the purpose of drawing off brandy—a cooper would not use a spile in that part of the cask for tasting—a cooper is the only man who ought to draw samples.





WILLIAM PRENDLE

re-examined. I superintended the coopering of those casks at the London Docks—there was no spile in them there that I am aware of—the hoops are taken off and examined by a cooper, and I look the casks round—these casks were perfectly dry all round—I have heard the testimony of Mr. Stephens, and where he found the spiles—there was no spile under the bilge hoops when they were with me that I am aware of—it is possible they might have been there, but not very likely—when the casks are stripped they are looked all round—a spile might have been there, though the casks were perfectly dry.





JOHN WIGDON.
 I am a guager at the West India Docks—I re-guaged the two casks of brandy marked "J.M. 81 and 82"—I have a memorandum of the contents of them.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you speak from a book? A. No—I had a paper given me to put it upon—I left that paper with the searcher, but I took a copy of it at the time—I have that copy with me.

COURT.
Q. What did they contain? A. No. 81 contained 55 gallons and 6-tenths, and No. 82 contained 55 gallons—on the following Monday I tried the strength of the brandy in the sample which the policeman brought—it was about two percent. under that in the bulk, but that is accounted for by their keeping it in the bladder—it would lose that strength—this is a sample from the bulk, and this is a sample of what the policeman took—in flavour and quality they are decidedly similar.





HARRY HAYWARD

re-examined. I took the sample of brandy to Mr. Wingdon—I took it out of the bladder to carry it—this is a sample of what was in the cask.





JOHN SMITH

re-examined. Q. Are you able to give any opinion from the taste of brandy, whether it is the same sort? A. I think I can give a very good opinion—the exact strength of it must be tested by an instrument—this brandy from cask is a shade paler than the other—this may be a little tinged by the bladder—the taste is exactly similar—I believe them to be the same brandy, and finer brandy I believe was never tasted.

Cross-examined. Q. There is a difference in the strength that you cannot tell by the taste? A. No, it is not enough to tell by the taste—the lightest is from the casks of course—the brandy in the bladder may be a little tinged by the bladder, and the loss of strength is accounted for by its being more exposed—this is the bladder it was in, and a nicer thing made for the purpose I never saw—this neck could be used with a gimlet—the bore of the gimlet is rather larger than this—this neck might be put in and turned down, so that an officer would not have discovered it—no wet would have escaped from the hole—I have seen a good many straight ones—I never saw one like this.

COURT.
Q. Are you of opinion, from your knowledge, that this brandy was of the same bulk originally? A. I should say it certainly was—it appears to me to be the same liquor.

WILLIAMS—


GUILTY. Aged 18.—



Confined One Year.

