




1542. 




HENRY JONES
 and 




ROSA BARRY
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
10th of April, 1 bag, value 1s.; 6 sheets, 4l.; 2 table-cloths, 3l.; 6 pillow-cases, 6s.; 12 towels, 10s.; the goods of 



William Erie, Esq: 3 aprons, 8s.; 2 shifts, 8s.; 1 towel, 1s.; 1 petticoat, 2s.; and 1 cap, 1s.; the goods of 



Elizabeth Coates: 2 shirts, 6s.; 2 shirt-fronts, 2s.; and 2 cravats, 2s.; the goods of 



John Goater: 1 shift, 1s.; 3 towels, 3s.; and 2 aprons, 6d.; the goods of 



Hannah Benson: and that Jones had been before convicted of felony; to which


JONES pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.






MARY BEVIS
. I am in the service of Mrs. Cary, of Charlotte-street, Bed-ford-square. On the evening of the 10th of April, I was at my master's third floor front room window, and saw the prisoner Jones take a bag off a truck which was standing at our door—he ran down the street with it—I called out—I afterwards saw him brought back with it.





JOHN NEILAN
. I am a laundryman, and live at Chelsea. I was with my truck at the house No. 17, Charlotte-street—I went inside the hall door, and while there I heard a cry from up stairs—I ran out—a policeman saw me running, and joined me—he ran faster than I did—I afterwards came up and found Jones in custody—there was a cab there—the cab-door was open, and I saw this bag of clothes, now produced, in it—it is the bag of clothes that was on my truck—I had received it at the house of Mr. Erie, in Bedford-square





SUSAN WILLIAMS
. I am in the service of William Erle, Esq., of Bedford-square. On the evening of the 10th of April I delivered this bag of clothes to Neilan—here are six sheets and some other things belonging to Mr. Erie, some aprons and a shift belonging to Hannah Benson, a cap belonging to Eli-zabeth Coates, and two shirts and two shirt-fronts belonging to John Goater, the footman—I put another small bundle into the bag, but I did not examine the articles that were in that.






EDWARD HARRIS
 (police-constable E 50.) I saw Neilanrunning in Char-lotte-street—I received information from him—I went through Montague-court, and raised a cry of "Stop thief," ran round the houses and came into Russell-street again—Jones was then stopped, and was in the hands of two or three persons—I took him into custody—I saw a cab on the other side of the way in Russell-street—I said, "Where is the property?"—some one said, "It is in the cab"—I went to the cab with Jones, and took it out—I took Jones to No. 17, Charlotte-street, and then to the station—Barry followed to the station-house door, and the inspector told me to bring her in, which I did.





GEORGE BEOWN
. I am driver of the cab, No. 1993. On the evening of the 10th of April, about half-past six o'clock, I was in Gower-street—I saw Barry standing alone on the pavement—she hailed me, and I pulled up to the pavement side—she told me to turn round, and asked me to have a glass of gin—we went into the public-house at the corner of Store-street, and had it—Jones then came up, and said, in Barry's presence, that be should want me in eight or ten minutes, and I was to go to the top of Russell-street—I left the prisoners in the public-house, and went to the corner of Russell-street—I waited about eight minutes—the prisoners then came to the cab together—Jones opened the door, Barry got in, Jones put the bag in, and then he got in also—they told me to drive to Hampstead as hard as I could, but I did not—I drove down towards the British Museum—I was then called to stop—I pulled up in the middle of the road—Jones opened the door, jumped out, and ran away—I jumped off my cab, and ran after him—a man stopped him at the corner of Museum-street—while I was gone, Barry escaped out of the cab—I gave information.

Barry, He said he could not swear that I got in first; I did not get in first; I was not with Jones. Witness. I awear she got in first, then the bundle, and then Jones.

BARRY.—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—



Confined Six Months.

