





1631. 



JOHN JENKINS,


 FRANCIS MORAN
, and 



JOHN WILLIAMS
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
13th of May, 5 handkerchiefs, value 19s., the goods of 



John Wills, and another.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be 5 yards of silk.






THOMAS RADCLIFFE
. I am a constable of the Animal's Friend Society. About half-past nine o'clock on the night, of the 13th of May, I saw the prisoners and two others come out of Field-lane, and proceed down Farringdon-street—the prisoners took the right hand, the other two the left—they proceeded up Ludgate-hill—I saw Williams lift up a gentleman's pocket, but he was not able to extract any thing—they then west into Cheapside, and tried another gentleman's pocket—Jenkins then went into two pastrycook's shops—after he came out, I went in, and made inquiries—after that Moran went into Wills and Withers', a hosier's shop, in the Poultry—Jenkins and Williams waited on the opposite side close together—I Watched them, I suppose, for ten minutes—they watched Moran very attentively—as he came out they made a signal to him, and they both ran across the road to him—Williams took off his hat, and put something into it which Moran passed to him—I then went into the shop, and made inquiries—when I came oat the prisoners were gone on a-head—I then proceeded on till I got a constable—I told him to take Williams while I took the other two—after a desperate resistance I captured the other two—they beat me and kicked me, but I kept hold of them—they laid down, entwined their legs in mine, and tried to throw me—I was obliged to call for assistance.

Jenkins. I was obliged to resist, or I should have been choked. Witness. I did not touch their throats at all—I caught hold of them by their blouses which they bad on.

Williams. If he saw me put any thing in my hat, I should think he would have stopped me. Witness. I stopped him as soon as I could—I did not like to stop him in the Poultry on account of the numerous vehicles passing—I thought he might escape.





WILLIAM TERRY
. I live with Mr. John Wills and Henry Withers, hosiers, in the Poultry. On the night of the 13th of May, the prisoner Moran came into the shop for a pair of gloves—I showed him some—he said they were not the colour, and they were too thin—I turned round to get him

some stouter ones at 8d.—he said he could not give more than 6d.—he went out without buying any—I had seven or eight pieces of silk handkerchief lying on the counter similar to those produced—these are my employers' property—here is a ticket on this with the private mark—after Moran was gone, the officer came to me, and I went to the station, and identified the handkerchiefs there—I had not sold them.

Moran. Q. Did you see me take the handkerchiefs? A. No, I did not.





JOHN STRADLING
 (City police-constable, NO, 117.) Radcliffe came to me, and I went with him—Williams ran away—Radcliffe asked me to take him in charge—I ran after him, and took him in Philip-lane—I was not two yards behind him—he was in the three pair of stain of No. 2, Ann's-court, under the bedstead—as I came through the court, which is very dark, I observed a motion as if something was thrown, but there was so many people, I was afraid of losing the prisoner—I kept hold of him, and did not see what it was.

Williams. Q. Did you see me take off my hat, and throw something out? A. No, the court was so dark I could not see any thing, and it was full of people.





HANNAH BYRNE
. I live at the corner of Ann's-court, Philip-lane. I heard the mob, and saw a boy in custody of a policeman—I opened my side door not many minutes afterwards, which is in Philip-lane, and found something under my feet—I stooped down, and found these handkerchiefs—I picked them up, and gave them to my husband's cousin to take to the station—these are the handkerchiefs as far as I know—I did not open them.





ALEXANDER BYRNE
. I am cousin to last witness. I saw her pick up the handkerchiefs—she gave them to me—I took them to the station, and delivered them to the officer—these are them.

Jenkins' Defence. I was going to see my sister. I saw a lot of boys standing together talking about a fire; I was going to see it when the policeman caught hold of me, and took me to be a thief.

Moran's Defence. I was going down Cheapside to buy a pair of gloves, because my hands were sore; the foreman at Mr. Jones's, London-wall, where I work, gave me 6d., to get them.

Williams' Defence. I never saw the other prisoners before.

JENKINS-GUILTY. Aged 16.

MORAN-GUILTY. Aged 14.

WILLIAMS.—


GUILTY
.* Aged 17.






Confined Six Months.





Transported for Seven Years.
