




485. 




JOSEPH BARNES
 and 




JAMES DEELEY
 were indicted for

 breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Daniel Williams, on the 
3rd of January, and stealing therein, 1 watch, value 1l.; 1 watch-chain, value 2s.; 1 sovereign, 1 half-crown, 4 shillings, 1 sixpence, and 30 two-pences, his property.



MR. JONES
conducted the Prosecution.





DANIEL WILLIAMS
. I live in the parish of Heston, in Middlesex. On Sunday evening last I and my wife went to chapel—I left my house locked up quite securely, but nobody in it—we returned a little before eight o'clock—I unlocked the front door, and saw the pin of the back window broken, a pane of glass broken, and the window open—I am certain it was secure when I went out—I missed the property stated, the watch from the dressing-table, and the money from the wash-hand-stand drawer—I had left the paper now produced with my writing on it, tied up in the bag with the money, when I went to chapel—I know both the prisoners, one lives next door to me, and the other a few doors off.





MART WILLIAMS
. I am the prosecutor's wife. I went to chapel with him—I left the back window and every place safe—on returning, 1 found the window as my husband has described, and the property missing—every drawer and place in the house was ransacked—the policeman found a piece of a knife on the window-sill, which did not belong to us.





CATHARINE CROFT
. I live in William's-place, at the back of the Wellington public-house—I went to the door of the chapel last Sunday, about half-past six o'clock, to hear the minister—I saw both the prisoners there, inside the folding-doors of the chapel—it is about 200 yards from the prosecutor's—they left the chapel about a quarter before seven, before the service was over—they both went out together towards the prosecutor's house, and I did not see them afterwards—I remained till about ten minutes after seven—they did not come back again.





RUBEN HALL
. I am a constable. Last Monday morning, about six o'clock, I went to Barnes's house, on the Staines-road—I knocked at the door, Barnes looked out of window, and asked who was there—I said, I wanted to speak to him—he came down and let me in—I said, I took him on suspicion of breaking Mr. Williams's house open—he said he knew nothing about it—I went into his bed-room, and asked which were his clothes—he showed them to me—I searched them, and found in the coat-pocket 6d., and 3d. and a knife, broken—I found a piece of a knife on the prosecutor's window-sill, which exactly corresponded with the knife—he very much wished to have the knife back again, and said if I gave him that I might keep all the rest—after arriving at the station, I found he had another waistcoat on—I searched him again, and found this piece of paper, which has been produced to the prosecutor—he very much wished to have that back—I asked where he went the night before—he said he went out at five o'clock to Hounslow, and went into Mr. Stacey's beer-shop, returned at eight, and went home to bed—the beer-shop is three-quarters of a mile from his house.

Barnes. I said I went to chapel at half-past six, that I went to Stacey's beer-shop, and after that went to Hounslow. Witness. He said nothing about chapel.





WILLIAM GRIFFIN
. I am a policeman. In consequence of hearing of the robbery, last Monday morning, I went about a quarter before six o'clock to Deeley's house—I found him in bed—he came down stairs by his mother's order—I asked him if he had seen Barnes on Sunday night, between six and eight o'clock—he said, "Yes, I saw him as I was coming from Hounslow, in the Staines-road, and wished him good night; that is all I saw of him"—I afterwards went to Barnes, and asked if he had seen Deeley between six and eight—he said, "Yes, I saw him, and we went to

Hounslow together, went to a beer-shop, and had some beer together, and returned home together about nine"—I then went back to Deeley's house, and took him into custody on suspicion of the robbery—he said, "How can Mr. Williams suspect me? I know nothing of it"—I was present at the station when the paper was found on Barnes—he seemed anxious to keep it—I also saw the knife found on him.





LUCY SMITH
. I live at Hounslow. Last Sunday evening, between seven and eight o'clock, I was in the tap-room of the King's Arms public-house, kept by Binfield, and saw the prisoners there—they had three pints of ale—I drank with them—they went out, and about ten o'clock at night they came in again—I do not know how long they staid, I left them there—they had some ale then, and changed a sovereign to pay for it—I saw Deeley pull out a silver watch and chain, which he showed to all the company in the tap-room—I had never seen the prisoners before that night—Deeley said it was his father's watch.

Deeley. I do not recollect any thing about the watch. Witness. A person asked what o'clock it was, and you pulled out the watch, and it was half-past eight.





JAMES BINFIELD
. I keep the King's Arms public-house at Hounslow. The prisoners came to my house last Sunday night, about a quarter before eight o'clock—I never saw them before—they had three pints of ale—Smith was in the tap-room, and drank with them—they left, returned about ten, and had more beer—they paid me the first time in silver, and the first they had at ten o'clock they paid for in silver, but afterwards Deeley came to the bar with a sovereign, and I gave him change for it—I did not see the watch.





DANIEL WILLIAMS

re-examined. Mine was a silver watch, and had a steel chain to it—Deeley's parents are honest, hard-working people.

Deeley's Defence. I was at Stacey's at seven o'clock, and remained till half-after eight. I went from there to the Bell, and had a pint of ale, and went to Binfield's about a quarter after nine. As to any thing else, I do not recollect any thing about it Mrs. Stacey told the policeman we were there at seven o'clock.

BARNES*—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.




DEELEY—
GUILTY. Aged 15.—Recommended to mercy.—



Confined Six Months.
