




2625. 




BENJAMIN HOWARD
 and 




PATRICK HENESSEY



 were, indicted for stealing, on the 
27th of August, 2 skeins of silk, value 10d., the goods of 



Charles Torond; and 3/4 of a yard of canvas, value 1s. 6d.; 2 drawings, value 8s.; and 1 oz. weight of silk, value 3s., the goods of 



Anne Jane Torond, from her person; and that Howard had been before couvicted of felony.






ANNE JANE TOROND
. I am single, and live at Peckham. On Saturday, the 27th of August, I was going along High-street, Whitechapel, Henessey; bounced out of a court, and snatched a white paper parcel from my hand—it was a roll containing the articles stated in the indictment—I am sure he is the man—I ran up the court after him—then I felt a great rush at my back—I was knocked down—a little boy'came and assisted me, and told me something—I afterwards missed 3s. 9d. from my pocket I did not see more than one man, who took my parcel—a man, who I believe to be Howard, came and told me I had better come to his house, and he would tell me best what to do about it.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. When was the first time you saw Howard? A. After I got up—I do not know how I got up—Howard told me I had better not make a noise in that alley, I had better go to his house, and he would tell me what I had better do—other persons came up—there was a crowd about at this time—Henessey was out of sight—Taylor came up, and pushed Howard on one side—at that time I saw Samuel there—he came up to me before I got up, and before Taylor came.





PHILIP SAMUEL
. I live with my father, Lewis Samuel, in Church-lane, Whitechapel. I was in Wentworth-street on this day, and saw Henessey running with a white paper parcel rolled up—the prosecutrix was following him, hallooing "Stop thief"—I saw Howard put down his foot, and knock her down—she got up—I gave information, and went and fetched the street-keeper—Howard said she had better go to his house, he would tell her what to do about it.

Cross-examined. Q. You saw Henessey running towards you? A. Yes. Angel-alley is narrow, it is not dark—the houses are pretty high—as he passed me he brushed by me—the prosecutrix was about six yards from Henessey at the time he was running—she and Howard were halfway up Angel-alley, which runs into Wentworth-street—I saw Henessey just as I got into the alley—he went out into Weatworth-street—I did

not stop to call "Stop thief"—there were a dozen people round the prosecutrix—Howard did not lift her up—I will swear that—she got up herself, quite without assistance—I have never told anybody that a young man picked her up—she caught hold of some persons—this is my hand-writing—(looking at his deposition)—I met Taylor coming up Brick-lane just as you turn round out of Went worth-street—I told Taylor where I saw the man running with the parcel—I first came up to the prosecntrix before I went for Taylor—the prosecutrix had several other parcels under her arm.





SAMUEL TAYLOR
. I am street-keeper of Whitechapel High-street. I know both the prisoners—I have frequently seen them together for the last five or six weeks—they both use one public-house in Whitechapel, about thirty yards from Angel-alley—neither of them live in the alley—I had seen them together that morning, five minutes before I heard the cry of "Stop thief"—I went up the court and saw the prosecutrix in the middle of a crowd of persons, and Howard had hold of her left arm—just as I came up I heard him say, "Come along with me, and I will try what I can do towards getting the parcel back"—I put him on one side to ask her what was the matter—she seemed almost fainting, and when I tamed round Howard was gone.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you in Whitechapel at this time? A. Yet I was not in Brick-lane—Samuel fetched me—he came from Brick-lane—I had got my laced hat on—Howard was taken on the following Wednesday—the prisoners were both taken together—the prosecutrix was surrounded by a crowd of pickpockets and prostitutes.





WILLIAM AEGENT
 (police-constable H 126.) I took Howard on the 31st of August in a public-house in Whitechapel—this is Mr. Henry's hand-writing (looking at the deposition of Philip Samuel,)

Read—"A young man lifted her up, and then Howard said lo her 'Come home along with me, I will show you the best way to get it back again;' Taylor, the street keeper came up and shoved him away."

Henessey's Defence. I know nothing about it; I have not been from the country more than six weeks.





JAMES COOPER
 (police-constable C 627.) I produce a certificate of Howard's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person who was convicted.

HOWARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

HENESSEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.
