



2477. 




JOHN GREEN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of September, 1 milk-pot, value 16s., the goods of Thomas Smee; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






SARAH BANDING
. I am servant to Mr. Thomas Smee, of Baker-street; the family was out of town for the day on the 15th of September, and I was in care of the house—I went to the area-gate to take the milk at ten minutes to five o'clock—the area-door shut too, and then I was out—while I was taking the milk the prisoner came by—he had a mattress on his shoulders—the string broke and it fell on the ground—I do not know whether it was an accident or done on purpose—he asked me if I could give him a strong bit of cord to tie it up—I said, I don't know, but if you will have the kindness to get over the gate and open the parlour window, get in and run down stairs and open the door for me, I will see"—he did so—there was a woman with him, but he only went in—I thought he was longer than he ought to be in opening the door—I looked through the

key-hole, and saw him coming from the kitchen, where he had no business to go—he then let me in—I told him to follow me into the kitchen, and I would give him a piece of cord, which I did—he asked if I had a second piece—I gave it him—he asked if I had any beer—I said we did not keep it in the house—he went into the passage to go out—I said, "Have you cord sufficient?"—he said, "If you have a little piece more I will take it"—he went away, and I missed the milk-jug—I am sure it was there before he went down—I have not seen it since—no person but him could have taken it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you come up from the area on the steps? A. Yes, there are steps—this door was not near the street-door—the inner-door blew too while I was standing on the steps—when I peeped through the key-hole I saw him coming from the kitchen door, at the end of a long passage—I was not talking to any one when he came—I had set the silver milk-jug there just before—a person would not pass the pantry to let me in—the woman did not go into the house, but she was taken to the station.





DANIEL GRIMWOOD
 (police-sergeant D 11.) I went to Monmouth-street, Seven Dials. I there saw the prisoner up stairs, and I said I took him on suspicion of stealing a silver milk-pot from Baker-street—he said, "I know nothing about it"—he was endeavouring to force himself into another room, and a little girl there said, "Go out, you shan't come in here"—I took him to the station—the woman came to the station and said, "How could you do such a thing as this?"—he said, "Don't you be a d—fool"—he asked for pen, ink, and paper, and sat down to write, and asked if it would be read—we said, "Yes"—he then threw down the pen and said, "Then you shan't have the opportunity of seeing it."

JURY
to
SARAH BANDING. Q. How long before had you seen the milk-pot? A. Not two minutes—I missed it about three minutes after be left—no one else had entered—he shut the window himself when he got in.





JOHN HALL
 (police-constable D 64.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.
