



1679. 



JOHANN GOTTFRIED BRAUN
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Adolphus Lipman, about two in the night of the 
3rd of July, in the liberty of 

the Tower, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 1 coat, value 35s.; 1 waistcoat, 4s.; 14 handkerchiefs, 1l.; 1 watch, 30s.; 1 purse 11s.; 1 ring, 25s.; 1 watch-guard, 10s.; 1 watch-key, 1s. 3 foreign coins, 7s. 5d.; 1 half-crown, and 2 sixpences; his property.


(The prisoner, being a foreigner, had the evidence communicated to him by an interpreter.)





ADOLPHUS LIPMAN.
 I am an outfitter, and live in St. George's-street, in the liberty of the Tower—it is my dwelling-house—it is in the parish of St. John, Wapping. On the evening of Saturday, the 3rd of July, I went to bed at half-past ten o'clock—I was the last person up—I fastened the house up—I was called down by my sister the next morning about half-past seven—I found one pane cut out of the parlour window leading to the shop—I looked through, and saw the desk on the ground, and broken open—the door was locked—I opened the door which leads from the parlour to the shop, the place was all in confusion—I suppose a person had got in by the staircase window—the window was open in the morning—there is a shed outside that window—I saw marks on the wall outside and inside, and I saw foot-marks on a piece of cloth which laid on another piece in the shop—the shop had been broken open—a knife laid close to the door by which the door had been opened—I missed two silver watches, and one gold one—they had been safe in the desk the night before, when I shut up—I missed a pearl purse with English and foreign money in it—two of the drawers were open, and a waistcoat was gone—I missed two pieces of silk handkerchiefs and some shirts—I cannot say how many—this is the coat, waistcoat, and handkerchiefs—they are mine and were in the shop—this is one of the silver—watches and the purse, I know to be mine—here is some of the money—there was some gold in it, but that is out—I know this gold ring—this is mine—these little articles were missed out of the desk, and the others out of the drawers—I missed a piece of beef out of the safe.





GEORGE NICHOLL
 (police-constable H 99.) I apprehended the prisoner—I afterwards went to a tailor's in Cutler-street—I produce these handkerchief, this blue coat, and this waistcoat,; I also produce a single handkerchief, which was in the prisoner's pocket at the station.





HENRICH WILHELM
 (through an interpreter.) I am a tailor, and live at No. 3, Culter-street. On Sunday morning, the 4th of July, about seven o'clock, the prisoner came to me for a new suit of clothes—he gave me three half-crowns—he left this blue coat and these silk handkerchief with me—he was eating a piece of meat which he had with him—he had a cup of coffee and bread and butter with me; and told me to cut off two handkerchief, one for him and one for myself.





JOSIAH CHAPMAN
 (police-constable H 124.) I went with Mr. Lipman to No.1, Bridgman-alley, Leman-street. On the night of the 4th of July, Mary Smith, who keeps the house, gave me this silver watch and guardcahin, and this purse, which has some foreign coins in it, a half-crown and a sixpence.





MARY SMITH
 (through an interpreter.) I keep the house, No. 1, Bridgman-alley. The prisoner came there last Sunday morning about nine o'clock, he saw Mary Ann Simmons there—after he was gone Simmons gave me this watch and purse.





MARY ANN SIMMONS.
 I live with Mrs. Smith. On the morning of the 4th of July, about, nine o'clock, the prisoner came there—another young man came at the same time—the other young man looked out of the window, and said, "Here is a policeman coming"—the prisoner got off the bed, where he was—he took this silver watch, and guard, and purse out of his pocket and put them into my lap, he said, "Take care of these till I come back again; I will come back directly"—he went off—I gave them to Mrs. Smith.






PATRICK HORAN
 (police-sergeant H 19.) I searched this waisten which was produced by Nicholl, in Denmark-street station, and found the gold ring and marked sixpence in it.





ADOLPHUS LIPMAN

re-examined. These are all my property—they we lost on Sunday morning—I had seen the prisoner on the Friday before—came to my shop to change some foreign money.





HENRY JEWEL.
 I live next door to the prosecutor. Between one and two o'clock last Sunday morning, I heard a noise like knocking or breaking—I opened the window twice and looked out—I did not see anything. I shut the window and then I heard something like cracking—I did not know what it was—I could not see anybody—I heard some person speak in a language I could not understand—I told the prosecutor in the morning.

Prisoner's Defence. I bought these things at six o'clock on Sunday morning, except the money which was in the purse; I bought the coat, and waistcoat, and pocket-handkerchiefs of a person who had several other things for sale; he offered the garments for twelve florins, which is about 19s.; and the handkerchiefs for six florins, which is about 9s. 6d.




GUILTY.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
