



675. 





SAMUEL COOPER



, feloniously accusing 




Henry Charles Sellers, clerk, of having assaulted him with intent to commit b—y, with intent to extort money.—Other COUNTS, for accusing Mr. Sellers of having attempted, and having solicited him to commit the said crime, and varying the manner of stating the charge.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
RICKARDS
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM GRANT
 (police-sergeant, A 5). On the night of 9th Jan. I was on duty at the station-house in King-street, St. James's. The Rev. Mr. Sellers was brought there in the custody of an officer named Cronin—the prisoner came with them, and made a charge against Mr. Sellers—he said, "I charge this person with indecently assaulting me"—I asked him in what way—he said he was on duty at the Duchess of Kent's residence, and the gentleman passed him, and went down as far as the Park-gate, leading into St. James's-park; that he then turned back under the Duke of Sutherland's wall, and when he got opposite the portico of the Duchess of Kent's he crossed over to him, and stood under the portico; that he then said to him that it was a wet night, and he (Cooper) said, "Yes, it is, Sir;" that the gentleman asked him who he was keeping guard over, and he said, "The Duchess of Kent, Sir;" and that the gentleman repeated the expression, altering the word "Kent" and substituting an indecent word; that the gentleman then caught hold of him by his private parts, and he then caught hold of him and took him to the guard-room—Mr. Sellers said he did not indecently assault him, neither did he make use of that beastly word which the soldier said he did—I asked the gentleman his name, and he said, "Am I obliged to give my name?"—I said, "You are not obliged to give it

here, unless you choose, but you will be obliged to give it to-morrow"—he refused to give it—I saw him searched by the constable who brought him, and two 5l.-notes, some gold, and a gold watch, were taken from him—he was detained at the station that night. Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What time of night was this? A. About half-past eleven o'clock; it was raining, and I think it had been for about an hour—Mr. Sellers had no umbrella; he had a fine cloth greatcoat on—when a person is given in charge on such a charge at this we are bound to take him before a Magistrate.





WILLIAM DYOTT BURNABY
. I am chief-clerk at Bow-street police-office. On 10th Jan. Mr. Sellers was brought there, before Mr. Henry, the Magistrate, in charge of Grant—there was no name on the charge-sheet at first, and I asked him his name—he said, "l am a clergyman; am I obliged to give it;" the Magistrate said, "You are obliged to give it," and he then gave his name "Rev. Henry Charles Sellers, curate at Send, near Guildford"—the prisoner was then sworn and examined as a witness—I took his statement down, and he signed it—(reads—"Samuel Cooper, on his oath, saith as follows: I am a private in the second battalion Scotch Fusilier Guards. I was posted as sentry last night, 9th Jan., at the Duchess of Kent's door, in Palace-yard, about half-past ten. I observed the defendant coming towards me, smoking a cigar. He went towards the Milkhouse-gate, leading to the Park, and through one gate and returned immediately by another, and walked by the side of the wall of the Duke of Sutherland's house. He crossed over towards me, and said to me, 'It is a wet night.' I said it was. At this time I was standing under the portico of the Duchess of Kent's house, and he was still smoking. He asked me who I was keeping guard over. I replied, 'The Duchess of Kent.' He said, 'Did you say the Duchess of?' substituting another word. I said, 'No, Sir; the Duchess of Kent.' He immediately caught hold of my private parts as he said those words; and I at the same time seised him by the collar, and took him to the guard-room, where I left him in charge of the sergeant of the guard. At the time he laid hold of me by the private parts he did not say a word to me. On my way with him to the guard-room he said, 'I have done nothing to you.' I said, 'You have, Sir.' I think he was perfectly sober at the time. I had my great-coat on, and the defendant put his hand under it when he seized me by the private parts. I have been twelve years in the regiment, and in the same batallion.'")—Mr. Sellers was called on to find bail to answer the charge at the Sessions, himself in 500l., and two sureties of 250l. each.

Cross-examined. Q. Did Mr. Sellers make any statement? A. Yes; I took it down in writing—he was duly cautioned—(reads—'I asked him the question who he was keeping guard over, and when he answered, I repeated the same words that he did. Such a thought as he alleges against me never entered my head. I am completely at the mercy of the man. I utterly deny the charge. I had a cigar in my mouth. I remained some time under the shelter of the portico. I was going as far as Pimlico, but it rained fast, and I stood for shelter under the portico. I stayed there sometime, and then I spoke to the man, and he seized me. I am a clergyman, and curate of Send, near Guildford.'")—I have got the charge-sheet here—when it was brought to me I fancy there was no name on it (looking at it)—I may be mistaken in that—I find here, in my own handwriting, "Send, near Guildford, a clergyman"—it is my impression that there was no name, because the name of "Henry Sadler" is in another handwriting—(The charge-sheet being read, the name of "Henry Sadler, Send, near Guildford, clergyman" appeared as the party charged with indecently assaulting the complainant while on duty in the Stable-yard, in the parish of St. James's. Signed, S. Cooper.)






JOSEPH KILLSBY
. I am in the employ of the clerk of the peace for the county of Middlesex. I produce two bills of indictment, one presented at the Clerkenwell January Session, and the other at the adjourned Jan. Session it Westminster—(These being read, charged Mr. Sellers with indecently assaulting Samuel Cooper; both were endorsed, "Not Found." The names on the back of the first bill were, "Paul Cronin and William Grant;" and on the second, "Samuel Cooper, William Grant, and Paul Cronin."')

Cross-examined. Q. Did you prepare the indictments? No; the person who did is not here—they are prepared by the instructions of the policeman and witnesses, in the indictment-office.





REV. HENRY CHARLES SELLERS
. I reside at Send, near Guildford. I am curate of that parish, and have been so nine months—before that I was curate at Sibble Headingham, near Halstead in Essex, for three years—I am of the University of Cambridge—I have been married a year and a half—I came to London, from Send, on 9th Jan., in consequence of a communication which I received from Sibble Headingham, where my wife was staying with her sister, being in delicate health—I arrived in London by the train, which arrives at Waterloo-station at half-past six o'clock; but I think it was rather late—I proceeded to the Bell and Crown, Holborn, and engaged a bed-room there for the night—I bad a carpet-bag with me, which I left there—I then went as far as Oxford-street, and made a call at a shop there—I then went to a tavern in Rupert-street, Coventry-street, to get some dinner—I should think it was between nine and ten when I had finished my dinner—I then went down as far as the Treasury—I have a friend, named Middleton, residing at Upper Eaton-street, Grosvenor-place—it was my intention to visit him—from the Treasury I returned, and went along Pall-mall to St. James's, along the path that leads under the portico of the Duchess of Kent's house—as I passed under the portico I saw there was a soldier there—I went through the iron gates into the Park, and then returned, because I fancied the rain increased—I came back to the same portico, and remained under it—the soldier was there still—whether I said to him, "It is a wet night," or he first addressed me, I am not positive; but I said before that I addressed him, saying, "It is a wet night"—my doubt is, whether I addressed him saying that, or whether I assented to what he said—he said, "It is," or words to that effect—I then asked him who he was keeping guard over, and he said, "The Duchess of Kent;" and I repeated the words after him, "Oh, the Duchess of Kent"—on my oath I did not, in the slightest degree, alter the pronunciation of that word; I did not think it—he seized me by the collar, and used words that I do not exactly recollect, to the purport of my having indecently touched or assaulted him—on my oath I had not touched him, or attempted to do so—he proceeded to take me to the guard-room—I believe we passed another sentry at his post, but I did not notice—we found a lot of soldiers in the guard-room—the prisoner asked for the sergeant, and said, "I charge this man with indecently assaulting me"—I denied it, and asked to see the officer of the guard—I was told it was a police-case, I could not see the officer—a policeman was sent for, and I was given into his custody—while I was in the guard-house 1 did not hear the prisoner charge me with having made use of any indecent expression—I was then taken to the station-house—the prisoner went with me, and made a charge against me—I was asked ray name—I said, "Am I obliged to give it?" or something to that effect—they said, "You are not obliged to give it now, but you will have to give it in the morning, at the Court"—I then refused to give it—this

(produced) is the watch I had with me, and I also had some bank-notes and money—I was detained at the station that night, and taken to Bow-street on the following morning—at the station, before I went to Bow-street in the morning, a policeman came and said to me, "So you refuse to give any name," and I said, "You may say Henry Sadler"—at Bow-street, Mr. Henry, the magistrate, questioned me about my real name—I first gave the name of Henry Sadler—Mr. Henry then asked me if that was my real name, and I said, "l am a clergyman; am I obliged to give my real name!"—he said, "Yes," and I immediately gave it, and my address—the prisoner was then examined in support of the charge—I was called upon to find bail—I remained in confinement till that was done, and was then liberated—when I left Rupert street, after my dinner, it was drizzling, or raining a little, I think—I afterwards got a cigar on my way, lighted it, and was smoking.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you get the cigar? A. In Princes-street, I think, at the corner of Coventry-street, immediately after I left Rupert-street—I then proceeded to the Treasury—I had no business in that neighbourhood, I merely went for a walk—before I got to the Duchess of Kent's I had lighted another cigar—I merely went to the Treasury and turned back—it was drizzling a little the whole time—I had no umbrella—when I got into the open part, I perceived it had increased—I had passed the spot where I saw the soldier standing on the first occasion—I first took up my position some distance from the soldier, but when I spoke to him I turned round—I had my back to him at first—I do not suppose I was altogether under the portico more than three minutes—I was not above half a yard from him when I spoke to biro—I do not recollect how I was standing, or how my hands were—I do not know whether I was near enough to reach him with my arm—I do not think it is at all possible that I could have touched him accidentally—I swear I did not touch him—I could not have touched' him but intentionally—I had no notion of such a charge until he mentioned it—I should say positively I did not touch him while speaking to him—I knew that this was the Duchess of Kent's—I am not a stranger to London—Mr. Middleton did not expect me; he is a bachelor—I did not send for him this evening—I did not say, when the charge was made against me, that I was going to see Mr. Middleton—this matter occurred at a little after half-past ten—I intended to return to Holborn to sleep—I had not, when I came out, intended to call on Mr. Middleton.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Was the portico the first place of shelter you reached after leaving the park? A. Yes—I certainly did not insert my hand under the prisoner's coat, and place it on his private parts—it was utterly impossible for anything of the sort to have happened by accident—before I went into the country 1 was curate at St. Ann's, Soho, for two years—I merely asked the prisoner, as I was standing there, who he was guarding—it was not for the purpose of information—I believe it was half-past eleven when the charge was preferred against me at the station. JOHN GEORGE MIDDLETON I am the son of the late Admiral Middleton, and live at 6, Upper Eaton-street, Grosvenor-place. I have known Mr. Sellers intimately for twelve years—I was at the same college with him at Cambridge, and have kept up my intimacy ever since—I visited him at Send just before Christmas—he constantly visited me on his coming to town at different hours—I usually dine at the Parthenon Club, in Regent-street, and spend the greater part of the evening there—I invariably return home after ten o'clock—Mr. Sellers would most probably know that, he may occasionally have visited me as late as that.


Cross-examined. Q. Did he ever visit you so late? A. Yes; I think it was on the night before the funeral of the Duke of Sussex—I did not then expect him—I was living in the same place then—I live in apartments, quite alone—when I dine at the Parthenon I generally remain there till near ten—I was at home on this night.





WILLIAM PRICK
. I am a private in the second battalion of the Fusileer Guards, the same battalion to which the prisoner belonged—I have been in the battalion eight years on 15th April. On the night of 9th Jan. I was on duty at Sir Henry Wheatley's door, which is between the sentinel at the Duchess of Kent's door and the guard-house—about twenty or twenty-five minutes past ten I saw the prisoner pass by where I was posted, close to me, with the gentleman—he had hold of his collar with his left hand, and had his gun in his right—I cannot say whether the bayonet was fixed or not—a man is supposed to have it fixed when he is sentinel—supposing a sentinel wants assistance, it is his duty to call to the next sentinel, and if he is too far off to hear him there are plenty of people passing by—I was near enough to hear him if he had called—if I had heard him call I should have called to the next sentinel, who was at the guard-house door—a sentinel is not allowed, under any circumstances, to leave his post—I left my post that night at about ten minutes to twelve—I then went to the guard-house—the prisoner was there, and said he was very sorry he had had anything to do with taking the gentleman in charge, but the old b—did not offer to spring up with anything, or be would have let him go; he said it was a pity but what he had been on the Colour-post, or some other post, where there had not been so many people about, when he would have had all the b—lot he had got, money, rings, watch and all—he said it was a beautiful little gold watch, about the size of a half-crown—I said to him, "A watch is a very dangerous thing to have anything to do with"—he said, "Oh, I would have put that out of sight for three or four days; I would have swallowed it"—he stated that the gentleman had refused to give his name when he got to the station, but he gave it after a time, and he said what he saw taken from him—that he would not give it up, but it was taken from him by force—he said he saw some notes, gold, silver, a half-mourning ring, and a watch—that was all I heard him say—I was tired and went and laid down.

Cross-examined. Q. Did any one else hear that? A. There were several sitting round the fire, near enough to hear, but I did not notice who they were—it was said quite publicly—I do not know what I meant by saying a watch was a dangerous thing to have; I merely said it—he would have the means of putting other things out of the way, but a watch he could not—I made the observation on the supposition of his having come by it dishonestly—I did not mention this conversation to anybody till it might be nine days afterwards, when we were all talking together round the guard-room fire—I first told Whitlock, a corporal—I cannot say whether Mr. Sellers' case had then been disposed of—I did not hear what became of it—I did not know Mr. Sellers was to be brought up the day after this conversation took placeit is a rule, I believe, for a man to appear when he has committed himself—I did not inquire where he was to be taken to—I have been in trouble several times through being absent and drunk—I think I am between twenty-five or twenty-six years old—I never quarrelled with the prisoner—I never was in his company—he belongs to one company and I to another—I never said I would do for him, or anything of the kind—I never said I would give him a lift some day—I never asked him to lend me money—if I wanted to borrow money there are men in my own company to lend it me—I never asked him

for money—he has never refused to let me have any—I cannot say whether any of the other men who heard him say what I have repeated are here—I did not take notice who they were—I did not take any notice or speak when the prisoner passed me with Mr. Sellers—I was in my box at the time—I made no observation when he came back again without Mr. Sellers.





JOHN STEWART
 I am a private in the Fusileers, in the same battalion as the prisoner—I remember a conversation on the subject of this charge in the barrack a day or two after the 9th Jan.—there were several soldiers present beside the prisoner—the prisoner stated that he was on sentry at the Duchess of Kent's, about ten o'clock, and a gentleman came up to him at his post, and remarked that it was a wet evening, and inquired whom he was gentry over? to which he replied, "The Duchess of Kent," and the gentleman replied," Oh! the Duchess of—," that the gentleman then put his hand under his, the prisoner's, great coat, on his private parts, on which he took him into custody, and took him to the guard-room—he then described the property that was taken from the gentleman at the police-station—he said there were notes, gold, and silver; I cannot recollect the amount, and that there was also a gold watch, and he said if he bad been on the Colours a b-----y end to him, but he should have had the whole lot, gold watch and all—there is a post called the Colours in the yard of the grand entrance of St. James's Palace—it is in what is called "Colour-court"—it is a more private place than where he was on sentry.

Q. Have you ever upon former occasions when he has come off guard seen money in his possession? A. I have on one occasion, and have heard him make statements as to the mode in which he has become possessed of money.

MR. BALLANTINE
objected to the reception of evidence of this nature, it having no relevancy to the particular charge, and only tending to create a prejudice against the prisoner in the minds of the Jury, by bringing two felonies before them at the same time.


MR. BODKIN
urged its admissibility as showing the intention of the prisoner in the act which he did, in the same way as more than one uttering was proved in cases of forgery, or uttering counterfeit






COM. MR. JUSTICE CRESSWELL

was of opinion that the question being whether the act done, was done with a view to produce a particular result, it was material to show out of the prisoner's own mouth, that he was aware that the course he was pursuing was likely to bring about that result, and that upon that ground the evidence was relevant, and admissible.


Q. What have you heard the prisoner state on other occasions as to the mode in which he obtained money? A. On one occasion, about the year 1845, at the Wellington barracks, St. James Park, he had some money in his hand, and he said he was on sentry at the milk-house gate, and saw a gentleman coming along in the direction of the Duchess of Kent's, that when he came up to him he seized him by the collar, took him to his sentry-box, and either got, or took his money from him—I saw the money—I recollect there was a sovereign, there might have been more.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you inform your superior officer then that this man had committed a robbery? A. No—I did not inform the police—I certainly considered it was a robbery—I was a corporal once—I was degraded from that rank—I have been tried once by a Court-martial for not reporting myself to the proper officer on returning off duty, and for absence—that was when I was degraded—that is the only time I have been tried by Courtmartial—I have had no other charge against me—I have never been in the

custody of the police—I was never charged with forgery, or anything of the kind.





JOSEPH. WALKER
 I am a private in the same battalion and company that the prisoner belonged to—I was at the guard-house on the night of 9th Jan.—the prisoner was there—I came in that night off sentry about ten minutes past twelve—the prisoner said he had given a gentleman in charge that night, who had given up some notes, gold, and silver, and a watch, and if he had been on the Colour-post he would have had the lot—in the barrack-room, a few days after, he stated if he had got a sovereign, Mr. Sellers might have gone to hell—when he has come off duty I have heard him say that he has got money from people; he did not say how he got it—I heard him say so as many as three times, and when he has come off duty I have seen him with silver.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you ever shown money in the same way? A. No; nor anything else—some of my comrades might have done so, but they are not here, and I do not wish to speak against them—I cannot say whether they have or not

COURT
Q. Have other soldiers in your company said the same sort of thing? A. Why, yes.

MR. BALLANTINE
Q. Did not you once show a watch to some of your comrades? A. I have never had a watch since I have been a soldier; I never showed one—I never asked the prisoner or anybody else to get rid of one for me.





THOMAS BRYANT
 I am a private in the same battalion with Cooper, and have been so twenty years—I was in the guard-room the same evening this charge was made against Mr. Sellers, and heard Cooper say if he could have got a sovereign the man might have gone to hell; and if he had been on the colour-post he would have had all he had got—I have heard him speak on different occasions of his having got money while on guard—I never heard him say in what way he got it.





THOMAS DUNAWAY
 I am lance-sergeant of the second battalion of Fusileer Guards—the prisoner was under my orders—it is my duty to station the men at the different posts in the stable-yard, and that neighbourhood—I have heard Cooper boast that he has taken money of the public while on guard—he never represented in what way—he said he had done so, and would do so—I have heard him say if any one spoke to him while he was on duty he would knock them down.





GEORGE THOMAS BEAUMONT
 I am clerk to Mr. Cocker, Mr. Sellers' attorney—on the day Mr. Sellers was committed I went to the Bell and Crown, in Holborn, and obtained a carpet bag there—I asked for it in Mr. Sellers' name—I took it to the house of Detention to Mr. Sellers—I also paid for a bed on Mr. Sellers' account.

MR. BALLANTINE
submitted that this indictment, framed under 7 and 8 Geo. IV. c. 9, sec. 8, was not supported by the evidence; the charge preferred by the prisoner against Mr. Sellers, only amounting to an indecent assault, and not to a solicitation to commit the crime imputed.
MR. JUSTICE CRESSWELL
considered that the very nature of the assault might involve a solicitation, and that he must so leave it to the Jury.





GUILTY
 Aged 29.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

