



1017. 




JAMES ENGLISH
 was indicted

 for stealing 24 yards of ribbon, value 16s., the goods of 



Samuel Ling; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






SAMUEL LING
. linen-draper, High-street, Southwark. On the morning of the 23rd of Feb., about a quarter past seven o'clock, I was in the cashier's desk, in my shop, where I could see what happened, but could not be seen—I saw the prisoner come into the shop, go up to the counter, and the young man who usually served put a box of ribbons on the counter—after the prisoner had looked at the ribbons, in the young man's absence, he put some ribbon into his right-hand great coat pocket—the young man had not gone away, but turned to get something—I directly went round the counter, and said, "Good morning, sir; how do you do?"—I spoke to him familiarly, and after talking to him a little while, he tendered a shilling to the young man who served him, to pay for what he bought, which came to 51/2d.—I sent the shilling up stairs by the cashier for change, and while he was gone the prisoner walked out into the street, and spit—as soon as he sat his foot on the pavement I collared him, and said, "You have stolen my ribbons"—he said he had not—I said he had—I sent for a constable, and gave him in charge—he had come back himself—I saw him searched, and a piece of blue ribbon taken out of his coat pocket, and out of his other pocket I distinctly saw him take a piece of pink ribbon, and lay it on the counter.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. You had never seen the prisoner before that morning? A. Not to my knowledge—I would not swear I had, but he has been in the habit of coming to my shop for several weeks to buy ribbons—I do not know whether he is a horse-dealer—I do not know what ribbons they trim horses' manes with—these were new ribbons—I kept my eye on him the whole time he was in the shop—the officer did no say that he could find no space pieces of ribbon on him as I said I had seen him take, nor any words to that effect—I counted the ribbons myself—I did not desire my shop-man to do so, and say there ought to be seventy-two pieces in the drawer—I do not recollect that I did while the prisoner was there—I will not swear I did not—I should think the box was half a yard from where the shopman was serving—he is not here.





RICHARD MANNERING
 (police-constable N 172.) I received charge of the prisoner at the prosecutor's shop—I searched him, and found a piece of blue ribbon in his right hand pocket, and saw him throw a piece of pink ribbon on a heap of stockings in the shop.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was the prosecutor at that time? A. Standing in the shop, a yard or two off—the ribbon was on a pile of stockings, on paper—there were no boxes anywhere about—the prosecutor requested me to search him when I came in—I had not then seen the pink ribbon, nor had the prosecutor said anything about it—he told me he had seen him a take a piece of

pink ribbon, and I searched his right-hand coat pocket at his request—I said I could find no such ribbon there—after I saw him throw the pink piece on the pile of stockings, the prosecutor instructed his young man to count the number of pieces in the box—I was searching his pockets at the time he threw away the pink ribbon, and I called out, that would not do—I had seen him do it—the stockings were about a yard, or a yard and a half, from where he stood—I swear I saw him throw it there, from his right hand.

COURT. Q. The prosecutor told you to search his right-hand coat pocket? A. Yes, before I saw his hand at all.





SAMUEL LING

re-examined. These ribbons are my property—my private mark is inside—it is my writing—it is the price of the ribbon.





JOHN LLOYD
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from the clerk of the peace for Surrey—(read)—I present at his trial—he is the person.
(The prisoner received a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven years.

