





1098. 




JOHN DUDGEON
 and 



JOHN POARCH
 were indicted for

 breaking and entering a building within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of 




John Tosswill and another, on the 
20th of January, and stealing therein 3 bags, value 5s.; and 370lbs. weight of horse-hair, value 10l., their property: and 





EDWARD PLATT



 for feloniously receiving the tame, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES BRIDGER
. I am foreman in the service of John Tosswill and hit brother, who are in partnership as tanners and hair-merchants, in the Neckinger-road, in the Borough, in the parish of Bermondsey. On Thursday, the 20th of January, the prisoner Dudgeon came to our premises—I was then at work by the side of the horse-hair factory—he asked who the curlers of the horse-hair were—I did not satisfy him—he said he was in the line, and had come to seek employment—he walked round the place, and had an opportunity of seeing the premises—I did not give him employment—I secured the premises about nine o'clock on Friday night—the prosecutors' house does not join the shed—there are tan-pits, a warehouse, the room where the horse-hair is kept, and other outbuildings—the front of the house faces Neckinger-road—it is surrounded by a brick wall, with iron palisades—Horney-lane runs up from Neckinger-road, and the wall goes round that lane, and surrounds the warehouse with the iron fence, and from the iron fence it is all wall—there is a doorway, which is kept locked—it is one continued fence, inclosing the house and the shed within it—this plan (produced) is a correct description of it—at five in the evening I secured the warehouse where the horse-hair was, and took the key home with me as usual—I came to the premises at eight next morning, and found the house-hair-warehouse door broken open—the lock had been wrenched—I went in and found three bags of horse-hair gone—it had beep in bacon wrapper bags, which contained about 3 1/2 cwt. of foreign horse-hair, worth 11d. per lb.—it was un manufactured, and is never sold in that state—it

was worth about 18l.—it was safe when I left at night—I have since seen some horse-hair in the possession of Hornsby—I believe it to be masters'—there were some buffalo tails among our hair, and there are some among this produced.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. You do not know the value yourself? A. Not exactly.

Dudgeon. Q. Have not other people got buffalo tails among their hair? A. Yes, but it is rare to find it—it is not always so.

Dudgeon I went there to ask for work; it is usual to ask for the man before you speak to the master; he said they must not be seen.





RICHARD RHODES
. I am a hair-sorter in the prosecutors' employ—I sorted a quantity of hard foreign hair a short time before Christmas, at my masters'—there was hair and dirt, and buffalo tails among it—it was these bagged up in five bags, called bacon wrappers, and put in a corner of the workshop, of which the foreman keeps the keys—it was in an un manufactured state, not saleable for the purposes of trade—it was in a raw state (I saw the bag some time after Christmas) master would not sell it in the state it was in—it had two or three processes to go through—I have seen some hair in the possession of Hornsby, and really believe it is the hair taken from masters'—it is the same in every description—it is foreign unmanufactured hair, and has buffalo tails in it—there is about 3 1/2 cwt. of it, some black and some grey, and sorted, which was the case with what we lost—I think it is my masters' hair.

Cross-examined. Q. You do not think it is the same hair, do you? A. I really think it is—we sell hair when manufactured—it is not in the state in which it is imported—it is imported in bales, and I had sorted it—we have a considerable quantity in the warehouse—some bales bare buffalo tails, but sometimes you may sort a bale and not find a pound of them.





EDWARD ALLBURY
. I am in the prosecutors' service. On the Saturday morning I found the horse-hair shed broke open—I went round to the different marine-store shops in the neighbourhood to give information about it—about eleven o'clock I went to the premises of the prisoner Platt in the Mint in the Borough, and took a sample of the hair with me—I saw Platt, and showed him a sample of the hair—he looked at it—I asked him if he had bought anything of that sort that morning—he said "No"—I told him we had lost upwards of 3cwt. of hair from our manufactory that morning—he said he had not bought any—I asked him if anybody should call with any to stop them, and give them into custody—he said he would—I said if he went to Mr. Tosswell he would satisfy him for his trouble—he promised to do so—I said nothing about the bacon wrappers.

Cross-examined. Q. What quantity of hair did you take with you? A. A handful—the witness Collins was there when I went into the shop-l had no policeman with me—it might be a little earlier than eleven o'clock—I did not make a memorandum of what passed.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you a full recollection of what he said to you at the time? A. Yes.





JOHN TURFREY
. I am a marine-store dealer, and live in Suffolk-street Borough. On Saturday morning, the 22nd of January, between nine and ten o'clock (I think) I am sure it was before ten, the prisoner platt came to my premises—he brought me a sample of horse-hair—I thought it was English horse-hair—he asked if I was a purchaser of hair—I asked him the price of it—he said 8d. a lb. was what he asked for it—I said I would give him

7 1/2 d., if it was equal to the sample—I do not recollect his saying how much there was—he agreed to take 7 1/2 d.—he wanted me to come down to his house to look at it—I said I could not, I was busy—he asked if I would send for it—I said I could not, I was busy, and should not be able to take it in for an hour or two—we agreed on the price, and he went away—he came back about eleven or half-past, with a donkey and cart and a little boy—there was three bags of hair in the cart—it was brought out of the cart and weighed—it weighed 3cwt. 2qrs. 21bs.—we tared the bags—I paid him 12l. 6s. 10 1/2 d.—I sold it the same day at 8 1/2 d. to Mr. Gallivan—Platt took the bags away with him—they were bacon wrappers—I have my book in which the transaction is entered.

Cross-examined. Q. You are a dealer in marine-stores? A. Yes, in the wholesale way—Platt is a marine-store dealer—I have been in business four or five years—I have known Platt five or six years—I never knew anything amiss of him—it might be half-past ten when he came—I considered I paid a fair price—I sold it again the same day at 1d. a lb. profit—Platt came by himself in the first instance, and wished me to go to his house to see it—it might be half-past ten o'clock when he came.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Before you purchased this hair of Platt had anybody called at your shop to give you notice of its being stolen? A. No—I have bought goods of Platt, but never sold him anything—I have bought landrugs of him—I do not live so much as a quarter of a mile from him—I live in Suffolk-street—the Mint is nearly two miles, or a mile and a half from the prosecutors'.





JOHN COLLINS
. I have been in Platt's service, and was so on Saturday morning, the 22nd of January—between half-past eight and nine that morning, I saw a sample of raw hair on the counter—it was before nine—Platt asked me if I could tell the value of it—I said I considered it was worth from 9d. to 9 1/2 d. a lb.—he went out with the sample, and was gone about ten minutes—after he returned, and, I think, before nine o'clock; Dudgeon came—master and him had some conversation—Dudgeon then went away, and came back about a quarter or half-past nine, with a truck containing three bags in bacon wrappers—they were full—Poarch was at the door with the truck and the bags—he took away the truck, and the bags were shot out on the pavement, and taken into the shop and weighed—I saw Dudgeon receive 7l. odd—he gave a bill and receipt for it in the name of Bailey—the last bag remained in the scale—it all remained in the shop until it was moved into a donkey cart, and left master's premises in the donkey cart, not later than ten o'clock at the very outside—master went with it—Dudgeon came again about quarter of an hour after the donkey cart had gone away—the bags were weighed, they weighed nearly 14lbs., and then they were taken away into the back parlour—the hair was not shot at master's, it went away in the bags in the donkey cart, but master returned with the empty bags, and then they were put in the bark parlour—they were weighed with the hair in the first instance—when Dudgeon came, there was a dispute between him and Platt about the value of the bags, and it was decided that they should be cut up—I and Platt cut them up—they were of less value after being cut up—they were afterwards taken away by platt and another who I do not know—I do not know where they went to—they were cut into five or six parts.

Cross-examined. Q. What became of the bags you do not know? A. No—I have been three or four days at work for Platt the last time, but have done work for him on and off for five or six years—I worked for him in

the shop—I never heard anything against his character or his dealings—the person who had the things called himself Bailey—Dudgeon signed the bill in the name of Bailey—I had never seen him before—I do not know whether he was a stranger to master—I stood in the shop about two yards distance—things might have passed which I did not see—I saw the money in Dudgeon's hands.





OWEN GALLIVAN
. My father is a marine-store dealer in Collier's-rents, White-street, Borough—on Saturday the 22nd of January, I bought of Mr. Turfrey 3cwt. 2qrs. 5lbs. of horse hair—I did not know it was foreign hair when I purchased it—it was afterwards delivered to Hornsby the officer—it was in a raw state—we generally sell our hair to a hair merchant in Lant-street—I gave 8 1/2 d. a lb. for it—I should sell it at 10d.

Cross-examined. Q. You thought it was English? A. Yes—I bough it between two and three o'clock in the afternoon—it was in bags—it was delivered to Hornsby in the same state.





JOHN HORRABIN
. I am in Turfrey's employ—I have examined two bags and a quantity of horse hair in the possession of the police, it is the same as I packed and delivered to Gallivan on Saturday, the 22nd of January—it is my own packing and delivering.

COURT. Q. Is it usual to buy the bag with the hair? A. No, we generally buy the hair and take the weight of the bag off, and return the bag—it was packed in master's bags,





GEORGE HORNSBY
. I am an inspector of the N division of police. On Thursday the 27th of January, I went to the premises of Turfrey, and made inquiry of him about the horse hair—he gave me information and I went to Gallivan's premises, and there found the hair in question, which I have in my possession—I produce part of it, there was 3cwt. 2qrs. 5lbs. of it, bags and all—after I got it the prisoner Platt was brought to the station—I told him the charge—he said he had bought a little horse hair—I asked him what he called a little—he said there might be 2cwt. or 3cwt—Le did not know who he bought it of—he had given a fair price for it, and sent for a paper.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not he tell you he had purchased 3cwt.? A. No—he did not go with me to the station, I sent a man for him—directly I told him the charge he said he had bought some, and afterwards sent for the bill.





ROBERT TOSWILL
. I am in partnership with my brother John, and have other partners—this is foreign hair—our premises are in the parish of Bermondsey—the hair was black and grey, and had buffalo tails in it-we bought about 3 1/2 cwt.—I had not seen the hair myself.

Dudgeon's Defence. I went over to Fresh Wharf, where I work, about seven o'clock; on returning from breakfast I met a man and asked him what he had there, and where he was going; he said he was going to the Jev Cohen, in the Dover-road, at the corner of Union-street; he said, "You know Cohen is shut up, being Saturday," and asked me if I knew where he could sell it; I said no; he asked me to show him a marine-store shop; he stopped at Platt's and asked me to sell it; Poarch was not with the man I met he said he wanted a porter; the man showed a sample first, and then required me to go and sell it for him.





JOHN COLLINS

re-examined. There were several more standing in the road, but I only saw Dudgeon and Poarch with the truck.
(Richard Taylor, flock-maker, 11, Redcross-street, Borough; Benjamin

Holmes, hair-dresser, 13, Mint-street; Joshua Evans, eating-house keeper, 96, Blackman-street, Borough; James Williams, general dealer; Thomas Lloyd, woollen draper; James Westland, confectioner, 12, Mint-street; and Thomas Wagstaff, rag-merchant, 26, New-street; deposed to-Platt's good character.)

DUDGEON—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

PLATT—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

POARCH—

NOT GUILTY
.

Before Edward Bullock, Esq.

