



1324. 




THOMAS LAROCHE
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



Charlotte Augusta Sarah Charles, on the 
9th of April, putting her in fear, and stealing from her person 1 bag, value. 8s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s. 6d.; 1 key, value 6d.; 1 purse, value 8d.; 1 sovereign, and 1 shilling; her goods and monies.


MR. BALLANTINE. conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLOTTE AUGUSTA SARAH CHARLES
. I live in Hampstead-road. On Thursday afternoon, the 9th of April, about half-past three o'clock, I was walking opposite St. Giles's church, and saw the prisoner staring at me very hard—he was with another man—I am certain of the prisoner—I observed his features and appearance at the time—when I got opposite Laurence-street he came up to me, and pulled hold of my bag—the string was twisted round my finger several times, and I held it in front of me—he pulled at it three or four times—the string then broke, and he ran up Laurence-street with the bag—it contained a purse, a sovereign, one shilling, a pocket-handkerchief, and a key—I went into a shop, and asked them to send for a policeman—they did so—I gave him a description of the prisoner, and about half-past five o'clock the policeman brought him to my house—I knew him again directly.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What were you doing when you saw the person looking at you? A. Walking along the street—I saw him look at me very hard—I had never seen him before—the bag was taken about three minutes after—there were people passing, not a great many—it is a great thoroughfare—I swear positively that the prisoner is the man—I looked at him very much when he looked at me; and when he took my bag of course I saw his features, and could recognize them—I was rather agitated.





GEORGE JOHN RESTIEAUX
 (police-constable E 49.) I received information at the station-house, with a description of a person, in consequence of which I apprehended the prisoner at a quarter before five o'clock—I told him what he was charged with—he said he could prove he was at Holbornhill at three o'clock—I took him to the residency of the prosecutrix, and she identified him directly.

Cross-examined. Q. He denied he was the man, did he not? A. He did—I found him in Broad-street, St. Giles's, near the corner of King-street—I have found no property—I received the information at four o'clock.


MISS CHARLES
re-examined. It was about half-past three o'clock when my bag was taken—I had seen a clock a few minutes before—the prisoner was dressed as he is now, and he was dressed the same when brought to me, but I know him by his features also, and his whole appearance—I am quite positive of him.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Third Jury, Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

