




1168. 




JOHN SULLIVAN
, and 



MICHAEL O'BRIEN



, were indicted for burglarionsly breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Patrick O'Mara, about the hour of one in the night of the 
1st of Feb., at 
St. Giles-in-the-Fields, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 till, value 1s.; 1 box, 1s.; 4 half-crowns, 60 pence, 240 halfpence, and 1920 farthings, his property; to which


SULLIVAN, pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 15.—


Transported for Ten Years, Ship.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






PATRICK O'MARA
. I live at No. 27, Church-street, St. Giles. On the night of the 1st of Feb. I went to bed from eleven o'clock to half-past—I left Carter, my servant, to fasten the street-door—I have some shutters which go along the counter when I shut up the shop—I had a drawer for my till, which was safe when I was going to bed—I had about 2l. 5s., in silver and copper, in it, and some money in a tea-cup—there was about four half-crowns, some shillings, sixpences, halfpence, and some farthings, in a box close by—I got up between half-past five and six in the morning, and found the street-door open, and a string tied to the bolt—the door does not shut close to the ground—there is a space large enough to pass my hand under-the string came to the bottom of the door, and I suppose the bolt was pulled back by that—I missed the till, the box, the tea-cup, and the money-I know the prisoners—they have been in my shop several times—I suspect that the string must have been tied to the bolt the night before—it might be done without my knowledge—the bolt is about the middle of the door.





JOHN CARTER
. I am the prosecutor's servant. On the morning of the 2nd of Feb., between one and two o'clock, I fastened the street-door—there was but one bolt to it—I did not take a light with me—there might have been a string attached to it without my noticing it, because I did not take a light with me—there is no lock to the door.





JAMES M'DONALD
. I live in Church-street, St. Giles. About one or two o'clock on the morning of the 2nd of Feb. I was coming home with Michael Neal and others—I saw the prosecutor's door open, and went into the passage—I heard a rustling, and saw two persons—I went into the yard to lock for them, and heard somebody run down stairs, and out of the passage-I came out again, and went over to Langley's-passage, which is opposite, and saw the two prisoners—I cannot swear that they were the two persons that came out of the prosecutor's—I laid hold of O'Brien, and said, "What are you doing here?"—Sullivan said, "What are you following us for? we have a girl."





GEORGE JOHN RESTIEAUX
. I am a policeman. I saw the prisoners opposite the prosecutor's house about two o'clock in the morning—I saw nothing with them.

O'BRIEN,—


NOT GUILTY
.
