



2786. 





WILLIAM RUSSELL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
11th of October, 1 sovereign and 1 half-sovereign, the monies of 

Her Majesty's Postmaster General.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the monies of 



William Blott.—3rd COUNT, stating it to be the monies of 



John Playle.



MR. ATTORNEY-GENERAL
with
MESSRS. SHEPHERD and ADOLPHUS


conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN PLAYLE
. I am an assistant-inspector of letter-carriers, at the General Post-office. The prisoner has, I think, been in the Post-office about nine years—his delivery is in Palace-yard, Westminster. On the 10th of October, I enclosed a sovereign and a half-sovereign in a letter—Mr. Russell, another assistant-inspector, was by at the time—I had marked the sovereign and half-sovereign on the 27th of September, and Mr. Russell at the same time marked them on the other side—we handed them from one to the other to mark them—I left them with Mr. Russell on the 10th of October—I had had them in my possession part of the interval—I looked at the sovereign before I enclosed it, and saw that it then bad on it the marks I had made—about half-past ten o'clock next morning, the 11th of October, I went to the house of Mr. Tucker, an upholsterer, in Great College-street, near Westminster Abbey—the prisoner had an assistant named Dowries, and Mr. Tucker's house is in Downes' delivery—in the regular coarse, all the letters would come first into the prisoner's hand, and he should distribute to Downes those belonging to his delivery—Mr. Russell went with me to Mr. Tucker's—the letter should have been delivered there about ten o'clock—I saw Mrs. Tucker, and inquired of her for a letter—she did not produce any letter to me—after going to Mr. Tucker's, I went to the neighbouring post-office, No. 2, Mil bank-street—the prisoner had been there to sign his card, showing the time he had finished his delivery—the prisoner had taken the card away with him—this is the card—it states that he had finished his delivery at ten minutes before ten, and is signed by the prisoner—about two hours after I went to the prisoner's lodging in Gibraltar-row, St. George's-fields—I went alone—I brought him with me from his lodging to the inspector's room at the Post-office—he was then asked if be remembered seeing a letter directed to Mr. Tucker, upholsterer, No. 20, College-street, Westminster—he said he had no recollection of having seen such a letter—be was then told that such a letter was known to have been in his possession that morning, and it had not been delivered, and that it contained money—Tyrrell, the officer, was present, and searched him—he made no objection to being searched—a sovereign, a half-crown, and other silver were found on him—I examined the sovereign, and immediately saw it to be the same which I had enclosed in the letter the previous day—he was asked how he became possessed of the sovereign—he said he had had it some time, and had brought it from home with him that morning—this it the sovereign—I have no doubt about it.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. I suppose Downes is also an officer of the Post-office? A. Yes—he had been the prisoner's assistant for three or four weeks—he was only an occasional assistant, in consequence of the regular assistant being ill—the assistants occasionally assist in sorting the letters, both in the absence and presence of their principal—I think it was Mr. Peacock that told the prisoner it was known that such a letter had been in his possession that morning—it was not explained to him how it was known—the witness Rice is here to explain how it was known—he is a superintendent of the sorters in the Inland office—the prisoner was first asked whether he had any objection to be searched, and he said, "None in the least"—I am not aware that he took his money from his pocket himself, and put it on the table—he assisted in taking his

coat off—I did not see the money produced—for aught I could discover to the contrary, the prisoner had discharged his duty in the ordinary course that morning—I made the same inquiries with reference to Downes—I found that he had signed his card at a different house from that at which it was his duty to sign it—it was about half-past twelve o'clock when I took the prisoner to the Post-office.

Q. Did you tell him that a person had come to the Post-office about a letter, and said it had contained a 5l. note? A. I said something of that sort—I told him a person was making inquiry at the office about a letter, out of which a sovereign had fallen in the morning—I think I said the person said it ought to have contained a note—I cannot say whether I said a 5l. note—it was not a sovereign, but that was another letter—I am not aware that there is any other indictment against the prisoner—he expressed his readiness to come to the Post-office to give any explanation about the letter of which I spoke to him, not about the letter he is indicted for—I did not explain that to him—in the course of that morning, before this occurrence, the prisoner had gone to the authorities of the Post-office with a sovereign, which he said had dropped out of a letter—I was not present at the time, but I know it from the Post-office authorities—no person came to the Post-office to claim a sovereign which had dropped out of a letter, to my knowledge—if such a thing had happened I think I should have heard of it some subsequent morning—I never heard of any such transaction—Downes was not taken into custody—he was taken before the authorities of the Post-office, but I think he was not examined, because, before be came the prisoner had been searched, the marked sovereign found, and there was no necessity for further examination—we knew not who had it before it was found—the letter in which the sovereign was enclosed would be in Downes's delivery—Downes was required to come into Mr. Peacock's presence, and give an account of the transaction—he was sought for for that purpose—the sovereign was found on the prisoner, perhaps half an hour before Downes arrived—Downes was severely reprimanded by the president for signing his card at a house where he had no business to sign it—he was told that his situation was in jeopardy for such conduct—I saw a sovereign that morning in possession of Mr. Kelly, the superior of my department, which was said to have been delivered by the prisoner—I did not see it in Mr. Wynne's possession.

MR. ATTORNEY-GENERAL. Q. Did he bring any sovereign to you? A. No—I did not see the sovereign in his possession.





ANN TUCKER
. I live at No. 20, College-street, Westminster Abbey, with my son, who is an upholsterer. On the 11th of October last I received no letter directed to Mr. Tucker, or any letter of any sort—none arrived—I was at home the whole morning—my son left home at nine o'clock, and did not come home till five—I was the only person at home—no letter reached me.





THOMAS RUSSELL
. I am an assistant inspector of letter carriers. On the 10th of October I saw Mr. Playle put a sovereign and a half-sovereign into the cover of a letter—it was sealed up, and it was given into my possession—I locked it up in my desk, and gave it to Rice, the sorter, next morning—I gave him no instructions—I had marked the sovereign and and half-sovereign so as to know them again—this is the sovereign that was put into the letter—I saw it again on the morning of the 11th, after it had been taken from the prisoner's pocket, and knew it again directly.


Cross-examined. Q. Early that morning, did the prisoner come to you with some letters which he had to deliver, and a sovereign? A. He did, about half-past seven o'clock, with about a dozen letters in his hand—he said he had found the sovereign among his letters, and he supposed it had fallen out of one of them—I told him to proceed in the ordinary course in such cases, to take it to the president of the Inland office—I was at my desk when he came to me—I cannot say whether I had left my desk for a minute or two before—it is possible—I am frequently called away—I examined the letters he produced to me, and one letter was selected as being likely to be the one out of which the sovereign might have dropped—I have since seen that letter—Mr. Playle showed it to me this morning—it has some writing of Mr. Wynne's on it—if any inquiry had been made at the office for a sovereign lost out of a letter that morning, I have no doubt I should have heard it—I am not aware of any such application being made.

MR. ATTORNEY-GENERAL. Q. You say the prisoner brought you a sovereign, is that sovereign in Court? A. It is—this is it—(produced by Mr. Playle)—it is marked—I know it as such—I saw it put into a letter that morning—it was put into the letter out of which it was said to have fallen—this is the letter—(produced by Mr. Playle)—the sovereign was put into this letter at the same time the other was put into Tucker's letter—the sovereign was first wrapped in the enclosure, and then the whole was put in the envelope—the fly leaf was opened—it was put into that sheet, and folded—I am convinced that the sovereign could not have dropped out of that letter—I had seen this letter about a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes before the prisoner brought it to me—it was not open then—the sovereign was put into this letter by Mr. Playle, in my presence, at the same time the other was—it was locked up with the other in the desk, given to Rice with the other, and brought out by him—the prisoner pointed out to me how the sovereign had got out of the letter—he said it had fallen out—he brought me several letters, and said it had fallen out, he could not say out of which it had fallen, he supposed it must have fallen out here—there is an opening in the letter which would let it out—there was no such opening, or any thing of the kind when I saw the letter a quarter of an hour before.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is this writing on the letter the handwriting of Mr. Wynne, the president? A. Yes, it is—(reads)—"If any thing has escaped from this letter, application to be made to the Secretary, General Post-office"—that letter has since gone through the Post-office to the person it is addressed to—it is directed, "Mrs. Jones, at Mr. Jeane's, North-street, westminster"—it is the writing of Mr. Playle's servant.





JOHN PLAYLE

re-examined. I have the sovereign that was taken out of the letter addressed to Mrs. Jones—it is a marked sovereign—I folded it up in the letter myself that morning—there was no fracture in the cover at that time—this letter was prepared with the sovereign in it in the same way as the other, to see if anybody would take it—I am not aware that Mr. Wynne knew anything of these letters being trap letters—I saw this letter again about half-past ten o'clock that morning—I examined it to see how the sovereign had got out—it appeared to me that it had come out of this fissure or break, but I cannot tell by what means—I am confident it could not have dropped out. MR. CLARKSON. Q. When the letter was brought to you at half-past

ten o'clock, was the seal unbroken? A. Yes—it was the same seal I had put on it—this is the fissure of which I speak—(pointing it out)—has become enlarged since—the sovereign was in the middle—there is a break in the enclosure corresponding with the envelope—I am quite sure that fissure was not there when it was in the hands of the Post-office autborities, before it was put on the prisoner's desk—I believe these trap letters, were known to the Postmaster-General—I believe it was by his sanction that Mr. Kelly, my superior, desired me to take the steps I did—he desired me to make the trap letter—I cannot say in whose possession this letter has been up to yesterday—I had it yesterday from Mr. Brodie, a gentleman is the Post-office, and have had it ever since—I have kept it in my pocket—I have prepared a great many trap letters, about a dozen, within the last twelve months, not more—Mrs. Jones is not here, nor Mrs. Jeanes—my servant, Norah Murphy, wrote this letter.

MR. ATTORNEY-GENERAL. Q. Did you ever prepare a trap letter with out directions from your superior? A. Certainly not—two were prepard that morning—I identified the sovereign which came out of this letter, about twelve o'clock that morning—it was then in Mr. Kelly's possesion, and the sovereign taken from Mr. Tucker's letter I identified about half an hour before—I did not see it produced—my back was towards the prisoner at the time—the sovereign was given me by Mr. Blott, clerk to the superintending President.





HENRY RICE
. I am a sub-sorter in the General Post-office. Mr. Russell gave me two or three letters on the morning of the 11th of October—one was directed to Mrs. Jones, at Mrs. Jeanes, North-street, Westminster—this it it—I felt it at the time I received it, and know that it contained coin—all the letters did not contain coin—one other did—I placed this and another directed to Mr. Tucker in the Palace-yard district, in the Inland office, among the other letters—they remained there till Kingsford, the collector, took them away, two or three minutes after.





ROBERT KINGSFORD
. I am a letter-carrier in the Post-office. On the morning of the 11th of October I collected the letters which were sorted and took them to the different letter-carriers' seats—I took the letters within the Palace-yard district to the prisoner's seat—if a letter directed to Mr. Tucker, College-street, Westminster, had been sorted there, I should have taken it—I do not look to see if the letters are properly directed—I tike all I find in the letter-carriers' department.





DANIEL DOWNES
. I am a sub sorter—I act occasionally as an assistant letter-carrier—during the absence of letter-carriers through illness or other causes, if there are not a sufficient number of letter-carriers the subsorters occasionally take their place. On the morning of the 11th of October I assisted the prisoner—he divided the letters between us—if there was a letter directed to Mr. Tucker, of Great College-street, it would have been in my delivery—I had no such letter.





ROBERT TYRRELL
. I am an officer. I searched the prisoner, about eleven o'clock, on the 11th October, and found this sovereign, a half-crown, a shilling, three sixpences, and a fourpenny-piece in his trowsrs' pocket—I think he might have been asked whether he had any objection to be searched—he made no objection—I found two stamps in the lining of his hat, which appeared to have come off of letters—I asked him where he had got the sovereign from—he said he had had it some time, that he had brought it from home that morning.


Cross-examined. Q. I believe before you began to question him, you told him not to criminate himself? A. Yes, and that he need not answer unless he liked—I then asked him about the sovereign.





GEORGE HUDSON WYNNE
. I am a president in the Post Office. On the 11th of October, the prisoner brought me a sovereign and some letters, stating that he had found, a sovereign among his letters—I do not recollect that be suggested any letter as the one out of which it had come—I examined the letters—this is my writing on the back of this letter—I wrote it, at it struck me to be the most likely letter from which the sovereign had escaped—I was not aware that there were any trap letters that morning—I do not recollect how many letters the prisoner brought to me, or whether he drew my attention to this letter himself.

Cross-examined. Q. Were there as many as twelve or twenty letters? A. Not more than four or five, I think—Mr. Russell was not with me—I did not mark the sovereign which the prisoner gave me—I did not know that it was marked.

MR. CLARKSON
called—





ALFRED WILLIAM COOPER
. I am one of the sub-sorters in the Inland Office of the General Post Office. Between six and seven o'clock on the morning in question, as I was standing sorting, the prisoner touched me on the back and said, "Fred, look here"—I turned round—he had some letters in one hand, and a sovereign in the other—he said it bad dropped from one of those letters—I said, "Do you know which?"—he said, "No, I don't"—I said, "Look at them"—he immediately put the letters on his seat and looked over them, and I looked with him—he came to one with a blue stamp—this is the letter—he said, "I think this is it, here is the mark of the coin; this is the letter; I shall give it to Dowries to put the sovereign in his pocket, and he can deliver the letter"—I said, "Yon are not going to be such a fool as that, are you? supposing it should contain two sovereigns, and that one has dropped out before it was posted, or if it should be remaining in the bag, or dropped in the Inland Office"—a person named Hammond, who sat on his right-hand, advised him to do the same—I advised him to take it to Mr. Russell, which he did—I cannot positively say whether he put the sovereign into his pocket—I was in conversation with him on the subject, about five minutes before he went to Mr. Russell—I should not have observed what had occurred if he had not called my attention to it.





JOHN PLAYLE

re-examined. This is the sovereign out of the letter with the blue stamp—I marked it with a bradawl with a slight dot against the initial letters "f d," and here is the mark quite plain—all the other sovereigns I had marked were marked every one quite differently—the sovereign put into Mrs. Jones's letter is of a different reign to this—I marked that before the letter "G," being one of William the Fourth—they were selected purposely—Mr. Russell saw both sovereigns at the time—he saw me mark them on one side, and I saw him mark them on the other—he put a similar dot made with the same bradawl underneath the dragon, on one sovereign, and underneath the shield on the other—this is the sovereign I put into Mrs. Jones's letter—I am certain of it—I made a memorandum at the time—they were marked a fortnight before I put them into the letters—they had been kept some time in my drawer in the office, and sometimes they were used for the purpose of placing them in letters—I noticed the

marks on the sovereigns on the morning of the 10th, when I put them into the letters, and so did Mr. Russell—I am positive of both of them.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.

First Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

