



772. 




ELIZABETH KNOWLES
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
10th of Feb., 4 sovereigns, the monies of 



John Fuller, her master; and that she had been before convicted of felony.



MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN FULLER
. I am a chemist, and live in Crosby-row, Walworth. The prisoner had been in my service a fortnight and a day at the time she was given into custody—when she came she appeared in a distressed state, and badly supplied with clothes—I am the collector of a rate—I keep the gold and silver I collect for that in two bags, and my own gold and silver in two other bags, separate from the other—I keep these bags, in the day-time, in a desk in the shop, which I keep the keys of, and at night I take them up to the room I sleep in, and bring them down myself in the morning—on Thursday, the 6th of Feb., I counted the gold which I had in the collecting-bag at nearly ten o'clock at night—there was then 40l. in it—on the Friday I put into it 4l. in gold, and on the Saturday 2l. in gold, but I did not take any out—there should have been in it 46l. in gold—on the Sunday night I took that and the other bags up stairs, and put them on the drawers at the foot of my bed—on that Sunday night I had a child ill, and had a fire in my bed-room—I attended to the fire during the night, but I dropped asleep—I awoke about five in the morning, and the fire was out—I went to sleep again, and awoke a little past seven—I then found the fire had been lighted—the prisoner was kneeling at the grate, and putting the fender to it, as if she bad just lighted the fire—it was the housemaid's business to attend to the fire, but she was at home at her mother's that night, and the prisoner attended to it—when I got up I found the bags in the place where they should be, on the drawers—I found the money that was in my own private bags right; but between three and four o'clock on that Monday afternoon I missed 4l. in gold out of the collecting-bag—I made some inquiries about the neighbourhood, and on the following Friday, at dinner-time, I called the prisoner into the room, and told her I suspected she was robbing me—she said, "Of what?"—I said, "Of money"—she said, "I have taken none of your money, I have not touched your bags"—I had not at that time said anything about bags—I asked whence she got the money to buy so many articles, and enumerated some which I heard she had bought—I asked her the price of them, and she told me—I asked her about a shawl, and she said she had had that for two years—she told me she had had 6l. in the Camberwell Savings-bank, and had taken it out about last July, and had replaced 1l. 10s. during her servitude at her previous mistresses, and that she had received 4l. from her previous mistress; that she had 41. 105. when she came to me, and had 3s. 6d. left; but on the production of her money it was only half-a-crown—I left the house, to make some inquiries, and was gone about twenty minutes—when I returned she had absconded—I traced her, by means of the snow, over the fence to a house in East-lane, and after some difficulty, I discovered her in the house of a man named Gibbons—when I got into the room she came from under the bed, and asked me what I wanted her for—I said she must come with me, and that if she had been innocent she would hate stopped at my house—she went home with me, and I gave her in charge—when she was taken she asked me to give her the shawl, but I refused.

COURT. Q. You had counted the money on Thursday? A. Yes, and not again till the Monday—I kept the bags in my possession, taking them up every night, and bringing them down every morning, and placing them under lock and key.






ANN BACON
. I am nursery-maid to Mr. Fuller. On Thursday, the 13th of Feb., I remember seeing a purse belonging to the prisoner on the drawers in my bed-room—one of my mistress's little girls took it up, and counted what was in it—there was 2l. 6s.—next day, the Friday, the prisoner employed me to buy a pair of shoes, two pairs of stockings, and a cap for her—she gave me a sovereign to pay for them, and I gave her the change—I think this was after the Monday morning that she had lighted the lire—one evening, when we went to bed, she wrote two letters—she said she was going to send one letter to Mrs. Hyson—I do not know that this is the letter she wrote to Mrs. Hyson—(looking at it)—I did not see it—that was soon after she came into the service—she brought the paper and the pen and ink up stairs—she sat down on the chair to write, and took the pen in her hand—I got into bed, and she sat up after me—I have seen her write in the kitchen—I took notice what sort of a hand she wrote, and it was a very nice handwriting—I think this letter is her writing.





EMMA HYSON
. I am a dress-maker and live at Walworth. I know the prisoner—at the latter end of Jan., or the beginning of Feb., she owed my mother 4s. 6d., which had been owing about six months—this letter is what my mother received on the 10th of Feb.—I have seen the prisoner's handwriting before, and I think this is her writing—after this letter came she called at ray mother's, but I did not see her—this is a dress I had from the prisoner to make on the 12th of Feb.—it is Cobourg cloth—this printed cotton is what she brought two nights afterwards for another dress—I saw some trimmings for a new bonnet which she had ordered of my mother.





MARY HYSON
. I received this letter on the 10th of Feb.—I have never seen the prisoner write, but I have received notes from her before, and I know this is her handwriting—she called on me the next evening, and said she had sen t me a letter, and asked if I had received it, and I said I had—she sat a little while and told me she had bought a box to put her clothes in—she paid me the 4s. 6d.—she told me she had borrowed a sovereign of her mistress, and ordered me to make her a new bonnet—she did not show me any cloth—my daughter began one dress for her, and I saw it then—I once saw the prisoner produce some printed cotton.

Letter read—"My dear Mrs. Hyson,—I have left Mrs. Rees, and am now living at Mr. Fuller's, the chemist's, in the Walworth-road, the post-office. I am sorry to say it was not in my power to give you any money, as I could not get any scarcely; if it had not been for Mr. Harley I should not have been able to have got another place. I have been here a fortnight next Thursday, When I have been here six weeks I shall ask for some money and then I will pay you," &c.





MARTHA SARTAIN
. I am in the employ of Mrs. Jackson, who keeps a stay-shop. On the 10th of Feb., between two and three o'clock, the prisoner bought a pair of stays for 8s. 9d.—she paid me with a sovereign.





CHARLES HODGES
. I am in the employ of Mr. Radden, a draper, at Walworth. I sold this printed cotton to the prisoner on the 13th of Feb.—it came to 10s. 10d.—she paid for it in silver.





WILLIAM JOSEPH SMITH
. I am a linen-draper, at Walworth. On the 11th of Feb. I sold the prisoner this shawl, this dress, and some other things, which came to 2l. 7s. 9d.—she paid me two sovereigns and the rest in silver.





JOSEPH LAND
. I am a box-maker, at Walworth. I sold the prisoner

a box on the 10th of Feb., between eight and nine o'clock at night—she paid me 12s. in silver for it.





JAMES BAKER
 (police-constable P 98.) I took the prisoner into custody on the 14th of Feb.—as I was taking her to the station she asked if the former conviction would come ngainst her—I said I did not know, and what she said to me I should give in evidence—she asked me two or three times, and I gave no answer—she said, "If Mr. Fuller don't find the money they can't hurt me, can they?"—I asked her where the woman was that she used to keep company with—she said, "It would have been a good job for me if I had never seen that woman; she brought me to this, and she has done the same thing herself?"—she said, "Mr. Fuller had do business to place the money where he did, ft was a temptation for any servant."





WILLIAM HUBBARD
. I am assistant to a linen-draper. The prisoner came twice to our shop—it was either on a Monday, or Tuesday, or Wednesday—the first time she bought thirty yards of calico at 6s. 1/2d. a yard, which she paid for with a sovereign—the next lime she bought six yards of flannel at 2s. 2d., and six yards at a lower price—she paid for that with a sovereign.





LOUISA PINE
. My father is a baker, and lives in East-lane, Walworth. On Wednesday morning, the 12th of Feb., the prisoner came for some rolls at eight o'clock—she had some halfpence in one hand and six sovereigns in the other hand, which she put down on the counter—I noticed it as being remarkable—she took them up and went away.





SARAH REES
. I live in Esher-street, Kennington. The prisoner lived in my service before she went to Mr. Fuller's—she left me the last week in Jan.—she was then badly off for clothes—she had but two gowns, and they were cotton ones—she had no box—she received 2l. of me the week she left, and bought two dresses that week—she would then have 2l. all but the money she paid for the dresses—she had been with me six months.





WILLIAM SEARLE
. I am secretary to the Camberwell Savings bank. We have not the name Elizabeth Knowles as a depositor in our bank.





JOHN FULLER

re-examined. This shawl, which Mr. Smith sold the prisoner, is the one which she said she had had two years.





HENRY BURR
 (police-constable P 175.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Straight's office—(read—Convicted 25th March, 1844, and confined four months, the last month solitary)—the prisoner is the person.'




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

