





1937. 




GEORGE MUNROE,



 JOHN MUNROE
, and 




JAMES WRIGHT
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
29th of May, 20 feet of leaden pipe, valuer 20s., the goods of 



William Parsons, and being fixed to a certain building; to which


G. MUNROE pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 16.

WRIGHT pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 14.





Transported for Seven Years. Ship.







WILLIAM PARSONS
. I live in Queen's Head-court, Giltspur-street, and have some small houses in Palestine-place, Stoke Newington. On the 1st of June I received information—I went to one of the houses, and observed the pipe was gone—I had not seen it since I saw it in its place a fortnight before

Christmas—the policeman produced some pipe to me—it was cut to pieces—I believe it to be mine—it was fixed.





WILLIAM PETT
. I live in Prospect-place. About three o'clock, on the 29th of May, I saw Wright—he asked if I would go down to Mr. Munroe's house, to see if they were coming out—I said, "Yes," and we went down, and saw the two Munroes at the window, and found there was nobody at home—they asked me and Wright if we were willing to get some lead—we said "Yes,"—we went into the other house, and saw the lead—it had been cut off before, and we carried it down stairs—we had not time to cut it to pieces—we were disturbed by a constable—about half-past twelve o'clock that night we were all taken—we had been to the Standard Theatre.





JAMES BRENNAN
 (police-constable N 69.) I received information, an went to this house in Palestine-place, and found a quantity of pipe had been taken from the kitchen—I traced a footstep from there to No. 4, where the Munroes live—I found a quantity of lead in the copper-hole—the door of it was shut—I have compared this lead with the pipe left in the wall at Mr. Parsons, and they correspond exactly.





JAMES COWARD
 (police-constable N 20.) I received information, and met the prisoner returning home, at half-past twelve o'clock, with Pett and his brother—I asked where they had been—they said to the Standard Theatre—I caught John and George Munroe, and Wright said, "I know what you want us for; it is the job we have done to-day; I hope this will send us over the water. Brennan little thought, while he was at the back of the house, that we ran out at the front"—on taking them to the station, there was a piece of the brass cock on the floor, and Wright said to George, "That is the part you got hold of "—George said to John, "No, it is the part you got hold of"—next morning I found part of this pipe in the back room.

JOHN MUNROE



GUILTY
. * Aged 13.—


Transported for Seven Years.—Convict Ship.


