




2892. 




LOUISA GRANGE
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
19th of August, 4 rings, value 100l., the goods of 



John Metcalf, in the dwelling-house of 



William How; and 





ROSSIETT LENNON



, for feloniously inciting, moving, procuring, and counselling the said Louisa Grange to commit the said felony. 3rd COUNT, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c 4th COUNT,. for feloniously receiving, harbouring, and maintaining the said Louisa Grange; and that Grange had been before convicted of felony; to which


GRANGE pleaded 



GUILTY. Aged 25.—



Judgment Respited.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






ROBERT LIMONTON WILSON
. I live in Duke-street, Manchester-square. On the 1st of August the prisoners came to my house to hire apartments—they approved of them, and agreed to take them—they gave the name of Viscount and Viscountess Le Grand, or Grant—they remained three weeks all but three days—four boxes were brought—a man who accompanied Lennon gave me a reference to Thomas Fisk, South Moulton-street—Mr. Fisk lived there—the prisoners went away, and left their luggage behind—

they lived together as man and wife, and occupied the same apartments and bed-room.

Cross-examined by
MR. ESPINASSE. Q. Who came to your house on the 1st of August? A. Lennon and Mr. Fisk—Grange came afterwards, and continued with Lennon all the time—he was not there the last three days, Grange was—he was sometimes absent for a night or two, not very frequently.





MARGARET WALTERS
. I live in Southwick-street, Hyde Park. On the 18th of August the prisoners came together in a carriage to look at some apartments I had to let—they agreed to take them, and wished to take possession immediately—I said it was customary to have a reference—they gave me a reference, after some hesitation, and Lennon wrote this paper, "Count de Noailles, attache to the French embassy"—I saw no more of them.





HARRIETT HOW
. I am the wife of William How, of Albany-street, Hyde Park. On the 19th of August Grange came to me, about twelve o'clock, in a carriage—she staid about-ten minutes, while she looked at the apartments—she returned about one the same day, to inquire if her luggage had come, and if any lady had been for her—she left, and came again, in the same carriage, about four—she staid about a quarter of an hour—there was a change in her dress at that time—she came again about six—Mr. Welchman came, and went up stairs with her—she then came down and had some conversation with me, and left the house, leaving Welchman up stairs—in consequence of what I said Welchman went away.





JOHN METCALF
. I am a goldsmith and jeweller; I live in Pall Mall. On the 19th of August Grange came to my shop, between one and two o'clock, in a very handsome carriage and pair of horses—I showed her some rings—she objected to some, they were not good enough—she gave the direction, "Countess de Noailles, 39, Albany-street"—she came again about ten minutes before six—she was then differently dressed—she came about some diamond rings, in consequence of which I agreed to send Welchman with four rings to No. 39, Albany-street—they were worth about 100l.—I lost them—I have seen one of them since, which Grange had pawned.





RICHARD NASH WELCHMAN
. I am a goldsmith, living in Dean-street, Soho. In consequence of what I heard from Mr. Metcalf, I went to No. 39, Albany-street, with some diamond rings—I got there a few minutes past six—Grange was not there, but she came in—she got four rings from me—she left the room—I never saw her again—I heard from the landlady that she was gone.





GEORGE RUSSELL
. I am a stable-man, living in George-street, Oxford-street. On the 19th of August, Grange came to my master about half-past ten o'clock in the morning—she had a carriage, and I was ordered to drive her about—I first drove her to Park-street, then to Grosvenor-street, then to Albany-street, (she went into several houses there,) and then to Metcalf's; then to Duchess-street—she got out and walked to Duke-street—she then came back with Lennon, and I drove them to Regent's Park, then to the New-road—Lennon then got out—I then drove Grange to Castle-street, Oxford-street—she went into a jeweller's there, and then back to Albany-street—she was absent a few minutes—I took her to Upper Berkeley-street—she was absent about two hours, and when she

came back she had changed her dress—after that I took her again to Met. calf's, and then to Stanhope-place—after that I drove her to Duchess-street, then to Duke-street—she came back by herself—Lennon can after her, and got into the carriage—I drove them to the corner of Princes-street, near Leicester-square, near where the pawnbroker lives—Grange got out and walked away—Lennon remained in the carriage—she returned, paid me for the hire of the horses, and discharged me—they then walked away together.





CHARLES CROSBIE
. I am in the service of Mr. Lorton, a pawnbroker, in Greek-street, Leicester-square. I produce a diamond ring, which was pawned between seven and eight o'clock in the evening of the 19th of August, by Grange, for 10l.—I believe it was paid in sovereigns.





GEORGE WILLIAM PARSONS
. I am a cabman. On the 19th of August the prisoners engaged my cab at the corner of Charles-street, Oxford-street, between seven and eight o'clock—Grange ordered me to drive to the corner of Duke-street, Oxford-street—when I got to the corner I pulled up—Lennon got out, and Grange sat in the cab—after that I drove, by Grange's direction, to the corner of Seymour-street, Portman-square—I waited there five minutes by her order—Lennon returned with a female servant and a bonnet—Grange changed it, and put that one on—she then asked me how long it would take me to go to the Southampton Railway—Lennon was not with her—he returned in about five minutes—I drove them both to the Southampton Railway-office—there Grange gave Lennon a sovereign—he handed it to me to get change—I gave him the change—he gave me 5s. out of it, and put the other into his pocket—he went away—Grange said, "Now I am a ruined woman, I am a ruined woman"—Lennon did not come back—I then drove her to Oxendon-street, Haymarket, and left her there.





NICHOLAS PEARCE
. I am a police-inspector. I took Grange into custody, in Sackville-street, Dublin, on the 10th of September—among other things I found a letter in French, on a table in her room.

Cross-examined. Q. Was she in the room when you found it? A. Yes.





CHARLES THOMAS PRATT
. I am a cabinet-maker, and live in Vineyardwalk, Clerkenwell. I knew Lennon two years ago—he went by the name of Count de Tracey—I have seen him writing—I believe this letter to be his handwriting.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you known the prisoner? A. It was two years ago that I knew him—I was then in the habit of receiving letters from him—I only saw his write once, when he wrote a bill for 1615 francs, on his banker's as he said, at Paris.





CHARLES GRELLIERS
. I am an interpreter of the French language. I produce a translation of this letter—I have seen Lennon write once—I believe this letter to be his handwriting.

Translation read—"Poor Child,—I have not betrayed anything, and have not forgotten you; in proof of which I am at the present time, as well as yourself, under a warrant, which I have been lucky enough to avoid; I will explain all my conduct towards you—this will lead you to judge which of us deserves reproach; these are the facts. On our arrival at the railway, you know that orders had been given for my arrest, and the way in which we were examined left no doubt in my mind that we were looked sharp after; and you were of the same opinion, because you did not think

proper to go on this occasion, and if I had hesitated to act as I have done, you would have been lost; it was necessary for me to take a ticket for Southampton; you are aware the police are always there, and the police-man went with me to the coach; I told you to go and wait for me at the bridge; by accident, after your departure, the police took me to another wagon; I was locked in, and it was impossible for me to get out; but at the first station I got out, ordered post horses, and returned."

LENNON—



GUILTY on the 2nd and 4th Counts. Aged 32.—
Transported



for Ten Years.


Fifth Jury, before Edward Bullock, Esq.

