



2310. 




ARTHUR PEAD



, stealing 3 oxen, value 45l., and 9 sheep, 15l.; the property of 



John Robert Youl: 2nd COUNT, feloniously receiving the same.


MR. PARNELL
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN ROBERT YOUL
. I am a butcher, and live in the Minories. I have some land at Plaistow, in Essex—I had three oxen and ten sheep in the Four-acre field—I saw them safe at four o'clock in the afternoon, on the 11th Sept.—I saw them again on the 15th Sept., in a stable or shed belonging to the prisoner, in Rawstorne-place, City-road, between eight and nine—I was with the inspector—I have since seen the skins of eight of my sheep (I lost nine sheep) at a fellmonger's in Russell-street, Bermondsey—after the prisoner had been examined before the Magistrate, I went to the cell where he was—he said to me, "Mr. Youl, I don't wish to keep you out of your property; the nine sheep were slaughtered by Mr. Pritchard, and the carcases were sent to Mr. Chandler, a meat-salesman in Newgate-market; any time you like to call, you can have a check or the money for them."





BARTHOLOMEW HAMMOND
. On 11th Sept. I was in the neighbourhood of Castle public-house, at Holloway—a young man came and spoke to me,

and I went to the Eastern Counties Railway—the next morning he met me, and I went with him to Plaistow—he pointed out a field, in which there were oxen and sheep, and, in consequence of directions he gave me, I drove the oxen and sheep to the Angel, in the City-road—I there saw the prisoner—he came before the beasts—I asked him what he was going to do with them—(the young man had come away from Plaistow before me; he was behind me, and told me it was all right)—the prisoner told me to drive the sheep slowly on, and he and the young man drove away the beasts—I went on slowly, and at Pentonville chapel I saw the prisoner and the young man again—they gave me some beer, and I took the sheep on to Tuffnel-park—the young man wanted to take them there to grass, but they would not take them in—the prisoner marked the sheep with red ochre, and he told me to meet him the next morning, at the Bald-faced Stag, to drive some sheep for him—he paid me 4s.—I afterwards gave information to Mr. Youl.





THOMAS HOLMES
 (police-inspector.) I went on Friday, 15th Sept., to a shed in Rawstorne-street—I found three oxen locked up—I ascertained that a person named Burgess had let the shed to Mr. Turpin—I went there, and got the prisoner's name and address—Smith brought the prisoner to me at the shed—I charged him with stealing these three beasts and nine sheep, the property of Mr. Youl—he said, "I am a fool, I always shall be a fool; I got these beasts for another man, and the sheep too; who he is I don't know"—I asked who he was—he said he did not know his name nor his address.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did he not say he was afraid he had got himself into trouble? A. I do not remember that—he had some sheep and oxen in the shed—I heard the sheep had been driven there in the daytime—I have heard of the name of Beeson, but I have never seen, and cannot find such a man.





WILLIAM SMITH
 (policeman K 220.) I took the prisoner to the shed, where the prosecutor and the inspector were—he made a great deal of resistance—when I told him I was a police-constable, he said, "I know all about it"—I took him into a baker's shop, and kept him till another officer came—he said he had got into a d—d mess, and it would cost him a d—d deal of trouble to get out—he said, "All that that lad knows about it is, that he drove the sheep, and I paid him."





HENRY TURPIN
. I am a tobacconist. I am owner of the shed that has been spoken of—the prisoner was in the occupation of it—he had had it about five months—he gave me the name of Arthur Page—I did not know him under any other name.





JAMES PRITCHARD
. I am a butcher, and live at Camden-town. On 13th Sept. the prisoner came to me, and asked me if I could kill some sheep and beasts; he did not say who for—he said there were nine or ten sheep, and three or four beasts—I undertook to do it, and asked him where the carcases were to go to—he said, "When I send the beasts here to-morrow I will send you word"—I never saw the prisoner afterwards—a boy brought the sheep, and this order—I sent the sheep to Mr. Chandler, in Newgate-market—that according to the direction of this order—(read)—"Sept. 14, 1848. Mr. Pritchard, be good enough to slaughter the nine sheep I send you as soon as convenient, and send them to Chandler's. I will call on you on my return from the country. WILLIAM BEESON. "
(George Vauter and John Hare, of Hackney-road, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years
.
