





594. 




JAMES SHANLEY
,




 GEORGE SMITH, alias 
Houghton

, and 




JAMES MANNING
, were indicted for

 breaking and entering the counting-house of 



George Haynes, at 

St. Pancras, and stealing 600 pence and 600 halfpence, his monies; and that Shanley and Smith had been before convicted of felony.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the prosecution.






GEORGE HAYNES
. I am a cotton manufacturer, and live in the Hampstead-road. The prisoner Manning has worked for me up to Christmas-day, when this offence was committed—on that day I had a quantity of pence and halfpence in paper parcels in a cupboard to pay my men with—I got some of them from Mr. Churcher, a cheesemonger—my premises were all safe on the night of the 24th Dec.—I was not there on Christmas-day—on the 26th I found the premises broken open, and between 30l. and 40l. in copper money gone—it had been placed in a cupboard, the key of which was kept in one of the desks, which had been broken open, and the cupboard opened with a key—the premises had been entered from behind, in Brook-street—you must pass through several rooms in several directions to get to the counting-house—the robbery must have been committed by somebody who intimately knew the premises—there was one door which had been locked and unlocked again—I produce a stick which one of my men brought me on the morning of the robbery—it had not been on the premises before to my knowledge—there is a piece of cotton to it as a string of the stick—that cotton is exclusively used for a particular machine which the prisoner Manning was in the habit of working—it is not cotton that has been bought—it is a peculiar kind of cotton, twisted in a peculiar way—I have seen some parcels of copper money which resembled the sort of parcels of copper which I had.


Cross-examined by
MR. BRIERLEY. Q. What is there peculiar in the manufacture of this cotton, is there nobody else twists cotton into cords like this? A. Not that I am aware of, I will not swear it—I say it cannot be bought, as far as I can judge—I will not swear it is not made anywhere else—two persons work in the same room as Manning.





JOHN REEVE
 (policeman.) At half-past twelve o'clock on the night of Christmas-day I was in Golden-lane, St. Lake's—I saw a cab drive up to the coffee-shop kept by Manning's brother—the three prisoners got out of the cab and went into the coffee-shop—Shanley and Manning had two bags similar to these which are produced—they appeared to be heavy—about one o'clock I saw Shanley again and went towards him—about four o'clock in the morning I saw him go into a coffee-shop in Whitecross-street—I went in, called him out, and said, "What have you got in your pockets?"—he said, "I do not know"—I said, "Let me see"—I put my hand in his right hand pocket and took out one 5s. paper packet of coppers, which I produce—I took him to the station, searched him, and found on him nine 5s. paper packets of copper and some loose, which came to 8s. 9 3/4 d.—I asked him where he got it—he said he✗ had saved it up—I asked him how he came to have so much about him—he said he had moved his lodgings, and had taken it in his pocket—I said it was very curious he should have it about him—on the 28th I took Manning into custody—I went into his brother's coffee-shop and said, "I want you to go to the station for being concerned with Shanley in the robbery at Mr. Haines's"—these are the papers of money I found on Shanley.

Shanley. Q. What time did I come out of the cab? A. About half-past twelve o's clock—I was about twenty yards from the cab—I did not follow you in—I went in at half-past three—I did not see you then—you went out and came in again—I did not speak to you when you came out of the cab, as I did not suspect anything wrong at the time, as Manning's brother kept the coffee-shop.

Smith. Q. Did you see anything in my hand when I got out of the cab? A. Shanley and Manning had the bags—you followed them in, three or four minutes afterwards—I am certain I saw you get out of the same cab—I went into the parlour of the coffee-shop some time after—I could not take you because I did not suspect anything wrong at the time—I could not find you for a week afterwards—I was not in Cook's public-house drinking with a policeman at the same time that you were.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You had some coffee in the coffee-shop? A. Yes, but I did not speak to the prisoners—I did not take coffee with them—I had it in a little room, not the room they were in at all.





GEORGE HAYNES

re-examined. I did not open any of the packets of copper which were taken from my warehouse or see the inside of them—one of the prisoners' brothers worked for me—I paid him at my own house—I never paid the prisoner's brother for him; I have paid him for his brother.

COURT. Q. Did you ever pay either of them 5s. in paper wrapped up as these are? A.






WILLIAM HAYDEN
. I am a butcher. On this morning I was in the coffee-shop kept by Manning's brother—I saw the prisoners come in—two of them had a bag each, something similar to this produced—they seemed very heavy—they carried the bags up stairs directly they came in—Smith came in afterwards—the other two carried the bags—after some time Shanley came down stairs with something tied up in a blue handkerchief—Smith took it from him and put what was in his handkerchief into his hat—it overbalanced his hat—the hat fell off, and I saw it was something similar to the packets of copper produced—they fell out—he took them up, and carried some in his coat and

some in the tail of his coat, holding the tail up—he went out with them—I am certain of the prisoners.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you ever been in trouble? A. I never had a day's imprisonment in my life, and was never convicted—I know a man named Twister—I was taken to Worship-street on a charge from him, on suspicion—there was a cart at the corner of Playhouse-yard, where I lived—I was taking the cart home—at Golden-lane a lot of women came and began pinching me—I knew the cart did not belong to m—I was taking it to the people it belonged to—a butcher's boy, who used to live at Russell's, in Whitecross-street, had sent me to fetch it—there was no harness with it—I said whatever was the name on it, I should take it to whatever the direction was—I was going towards towards the owner's with it—I was charged with taking it, intending to steal it—I was remanded once—Mr. Twister hand his cart, and I was let go—I was not sent for trial—never in my life—I went into this coffee-house to have a cup of coffee, as I was out rather late—I stopped at my mother's till about ten o'clock, I think, and then took a stroll, and walked till one—I had been doing nothing during that time—I had to get up next morning to be at Newgate-market by three o'clock, and thought it was not worth while to go to bed—I am not living with the same master now—I have had another place since that—I left because my master let his shop—that was the only reason—he did not discharge me for having more mutton chops, than I ought to have—I work for him now when he has anything I can do for him—he did not charge me with taking mutton chops.

Shanley. Q. How long did I stop up stairs? A. Three or four minutes—I saw you give Smith packages similar to those produced—I cannot say how many, or how many fell from his hat—he put the hat on his head—his hat was full.

COURT. Q. Do you think there were as many as 10l. worth? A. I cannot say—when he was going out with them he flung a black handkerchief across to blind somebody's eyes, that they should not see.

Smith. Q. You say my hat was full of coppers? A. I do not know whether is was full of the packages; it was quite full—you put it on your head—it balanced off.





CORNELIUS CHURCHER
. I am a cheesemonger, and have supplied Mr. Haynes with copper money. On the 14th Dec. I supplied him with 7l. 15s. in copper, in 5s. packages—three of these packages produced have been tied up by me—I make a peculiar knot, which seamen call a reef-knot; then take three turns, and that jams and hauls if off, and makes a knot, and here is the knot—I have no doubt that I tied up these packages, and, before they are opened, you will find nothing but penny pieces, and the crooked ones are all at the end; and in the next place I do not cut the paper with a knife, but with this blunt instrument, called a pounding-needle, which leaves a rough edge, and there is a rough edge on these papers—I produce a 5s. package which I tied up this morning, to show the method I have of doing it.

cross-examined. Q. Where do you live? A. Middlesex-street, Aldgate—I have been in the navey—every seaman is instructed to tie a reef-knot, but I never saw a seaman take three turns first in tying a knot—that is peculiar to my tying—I never saw anybody take such a turn as myself—grocers tie quite different knots—I saw anybody tie one like myself—I take a good deal of copper—I deal with Mr. Haynes—he told me he could dispose of the copper, and I take him a good deal—I always have plenty of copper and silver.


Shanley. Q. Do you supply anybody else with copper besides Haynes? A. Yes, and I pay some away.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Have you supplied anybody else in that part of the town with copper? A. No—the last person I supplied was a soapmaker in the Whitechapel-road, about five weeks before this—neither of the prisoners are soap-makers—I tie up all the coppers myself.

MR. HAYNES
re-examined. Q. Is it not common, when silver is scarce, to pack up 5s. papers of copper? A. I cannot say.
----YORK. I found the stick produced, on the premises as I came out of the door at half-past seven o'clock on boxing morning—I had never seen it before—it was four yards from the door which was broken open.

Shanley's Defence. If he had seen us come out of the cab he would have certainly come and taken us; we were in the coffee-shop an hour, and if he had any doubt about us he would have asked what I had; the money found on me I received from a shop where I used to work for five or six months; the prosecutor had upwards of 40l. in copper; it is not likely such lads as us could carry so much.

Smith's Defence. I deny coming out of a cab; I was in the coffee-shop at the time the money was taken.





SIMEON SIMMONS
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner Shanley's former conviction—(read—Convicted 22nd Jan., 1841, and transported for seven years)—he is the man; he was a boy at time, but I know his features—I prosecuted him for my father.

Prisoner Shanley. It is false; it was my brother that was sentenced to be transported; he was taken to the House of Correction for six months instead of being transported, but he came out and got into trouble, and there eight months afterwards, and then came out again, and was sent to sea by the Marine Society.





SAMUEL COOMBS
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Smith's former conviction—(read—Convicted Nov., 1845 in the name of George Hawker, and confined three months)—he is the man.

The Prisoner Shanley called






ANN SHANLEY
. I am the prisoner's mother. I have only one son at present, that is the prisoner; I had two, but one is gone out of the country six years ago—he committed a robbery on a man in Pitfield-street—he was tried, and got seven years, but got out at six months—he had three months after that, and then went to the Marine Society—I have not seen him since.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. What was his Christian name? A. James—the prisoner's name is John, I swear that, and his brother's name is James—he assumed his brother's name since his brother has been gone out—I have always called him James since, I swear what is right—he began to assume the name of James after his brother was gone away—I used always to call him so, because it was his father's name—I do not know what name his brother will take when he comes back—I have no account of him, and never expect to see him—it will be six years next May since he left—I will swear the prisoner was not christened by the name of James, but by the name of John





JOHN REEVE
, policeman, re-examined. I took Shanley into custody in 1845, for attempting to break into a public-house—he went by the name of James then.
(The prisoner Manning received a good character.)

SHANLEY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 21

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.





Transported for Ten Years.


MANNING—



GUILTY. Aged 21.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury

—



Confined One year.

