




3063. 




THOMAS WHEELER
 and 




TIMOTHY KEITH
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
14th of Oct., 1 sovereign; the money of 



Ann Maria Lyons.






ANN MARIA LYONS
. I am a tobacconist. At half-past five o'clock on the 14th of Oct., the prisoners came for a cigar—Keith put down a sovereign, and asked for change—I asked if they had got any change—they both said they had not—I took out my purse, put down a half-sovereign, two half-crowns, four, shillings, two fourpenny-pieces, and took two penny-pieces out of the till—I tried the sovereign; it was a good one, and heavy, a George and dragon one—I got a piece of paper, lit it, and handed it to Wheeler; and while he lighted his cigar, I took up the sovereign, and found it was a counterfeit, and very light—I went round, and accused them of making a mistake—they said, how dare I charge them?—I called my young woman, and she said it was a bad one—I desired her to fetch a policeman—I shot the door—Keith seized my hand and my throat—Wheeler said to him, "Give her the good one, or give me the change"—I heard a something rattling in Keith's mouth—I then found my breath nearly gone, and screamed "Murder"—I threw the counterfeit sovereign from me, and it was picked up, and found where I threw it—this is it—I marked it at the station.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. How long have you kept this

shop? A. More than a twelvemonth—I am a widow—my husband did not keep a shop—I never take a sovereign up till I have given change—I took it up, looked at it, and drew it a little nearer to me—I have a till, but I always put gold into my purse—I took some of the silver out of my purse at that time, because I had not sufficient in the till—I took the first sovereign, and looked at it—I am sure this is not the same—the first was a good one—I rung that—I did not ring the second—no good sovereign was found on the prisoners that I am aware of.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did they appear a little the worse for drink? A. No, not to me—they were in the shop ten minutes or a quarter of an hour.





JOHN DUNN
 (police-constable F 46.) I arrived at the shop. The prisoners had hold of Mrs. Lyons—I laid hold of both of them, and told them to pick the sovereign up—they picked it up and gave it to me—I put it into my pocket—I said I must take them to Bow-street—they made a desperate struggle with me in the shop, and the prosecutrix locked the door till we got more assistance—I saw keith swallowing something—there was a lump in his throat.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Is not this shop rather a doubtful place? A. Not that I am aware of—I am the policeman on the beat—I have been there a week or two—I called there this morning for the witness—I do not know what is transacted in the house.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You found on Keith a fourpennypiece? A. Yes, two half-crowns; and four shillings and twopence on Wheeler.

WHEELER*—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

KEITH*—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.





Transported for Seven Years.

