



2008. 




EDWARD BOXALL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of May, 22lbs. weight of lead, value 3s.; the goods of 



Joseph Frederick Humphreys, being fixed to a certain building; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JOSEPH FREDERICK HUMPHREYS
. I keep the Bell-inn, at Peckham, in the parish of St. Giles, Camberwell—I have a skittle-ground on my premises, the gutters of it were lead; they were fixed to the building. On the 6th of May, about two o'clock in the afternoon, I missed some of this lead—I had seen it safe about twelve the day before—the prisoner lived in a house adjoining the back of my premises—some lead was shown to me the same evening, which I believe to be mine—I was present when it was compared with what remained—it fitted exactly—it was cut off in little pieces.





SAMUEL WRIGHT
 (police-constable P 172.) About half-past ten o'clock, on the 6th of May, I stopped the prisoner at Peckham, and took out of his breeches' pocket these two pieces of lead, and these other pieces from his jacket pocket—he was about 300 yards from the prosecutor's premises-I took him to the prosecutor's, and matched the lead the next morning to the roof of the skittle-ground—the remains of it were still fixed—it exactly fitted to what remained—I compared the prisoner's shoes with some foot-marks which I found in the prosecutor's garden—they corresponded exactly—they were about ten yards from the premises—part of the tips of the shoes were off and they were a good deal cocked on one side.


Prisoner. You said at Union-hall they did aot fit. Witness. I did not.

Prisoner's Defence. I was going home, about half-past nine o'clock it night; I saw a lump lying along-side the wall; I took it up and went to sell it, but could not; I had had no victuals all day; as for stealing, I did not.





SAMUEL WRIGHT
 (police-constable P 172.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person,




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—



Transported for Seven Years.
