





70. 




JOHN SPILLER,



 JOHN POLLARD
, and 




DANIEL HOLDEN
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Bostock, about three in the night of the 
4th of Nov., with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 box, value 3d.; 24 cheroots, 1s.; and 60 cigars, 4s.; the goods of 



Thomas Selby.






WILLIAM DEARMAN
 (policeman.) On Sunday morning, the 5th of Nov., I saw the prisoners in a coffee-shop at the corner of Old Street-road and Shoreditch, all three together—I waited a few minutes outside—they came out, and went down the Hackney-road, to the corner of Austin-street, andseemed to be all talking together—I then saw Pollard and Spiller go across to Mr. Selby's shop, stop there a few minutes, then come back and join Holden again—in a few minutes the same two crossed the road again to the shop—then Holden joined them—I saw them all three round the shop together—I then heard a smash of glass close to where they stood—there was nobody else near the window, nor in the road—I ran towards them—they made off across the road, into Cooper's-gardens, and I there lost sight of them altogether—I went back to the shop, found the shutter bar wrenched out, and one end of it on the ground—the bar was outside the shutter—I then perceived two shutters dropped down on the ground—I had not been from the shop above five minutes following them—I had run about thirty yards, but had been looking about to see if anything was dropped—I found a pane of glass broken, and three cigars lying on the pavement, just under the window—I took them up—Mr. Selby came to the window—I put up the shutters, then went in pursuit of the prisoners—I knew them well before, and am sure they are the men—I found them in a coffee-shop opposite the Eastern Counties Railway, about three quarters of a mile off, about a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes before four o'clock that morning—Spiller and Holden were smoking a cigar—I left another constable at the door while I ran to the corner, got more assistance, and took them—I found another cigar in Cooper's-gardens about seven o'clock that morning—they had run past that place from the shop—I received from Fisher, a policeman, in the shop, a cigar-box, a few minutes after the shop was broken into.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where were you when they surrounded the window? A. Standing in the church rails, nearly fifty yards from the shop—I was as close to them as I am now, at one time—they could see me if they turned round, but they did not—I was in full uniform—I saw them looking round several times—they saw me, no doubt—I was within thirty yards of them when they were conversing together.





LOUISA SELBY
. I am the wife of Thomas Selby, who is at sea. I rent the shop and parlour of this house, No 5, Hackney-road, which belongs to James Bostock—he does not live in the house, that I am aware of—his son does, with his wife and mother—I live there with my servant—I saw every thing safe in the shop on Sunday, about one o'clock in the morning—the shutters were up, and the glass whole—I was disturbed in the night by the wrenching of the bar, and the shutters either fell or were taken down—one end of them was on

the ground—I heard the window break—I immediately got out of bed, and rattled the parlour door, struck a light, and went into the shop with my servant—I had very recently taken the shop with the stock—I missed some Mexican cheroots, called Pickwicks, in a small box, which was also gone—there was part of a box of cigars in the window, which they quite emptied, but did not take the box—I had seen them and the cheroots safe after the shop was shut that night.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How many rooms are there in the house? A. I think five up stairs—I sleep below—it is eight months since I have seen my husband—he is in the East Indies—I believe he is still living.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Had your attention been particularly called to these boxes that day? A. Not particularly.

COURT. Q. But are you sure any of the cheroots were gone? A. Certainly; we never remove any from the window, and the cigar-box was quite empty, which I am sure had cigars in it when I shut the shop up.





THOMAS FISHER
 (policeman.) On the Sunday morqing in question I picked up a little cigar-box under an archway leading to Cooper's-gardens—I gave it to Dearman, who was in the shop at the time—I described the place where I found it to him.





HENRY SMITH
 (policeman.) I assisted in taking the prisoners. I found a cigar close to Pollard's feet, when I searched him at the station.

Pollard. He searched me before that at the coffee-shop. Witness. I did not, but Dearman did.





WILLIAM DEARMAN

re-examined. I have the cigar box. Fisher showed me where it was found—the prisoners had gone right past there—I searched Pollard at the coffee-shop—I only just run over him—I did not search him particularly.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Were there other persons at the coffee-shops besides the prisoners? A. They were in a box by themselves—there might be twenty persons at the first coffee-shop—not many at the second—when they came out I was on the same side of the way, about two doors off.

MRS. SELBY
re-examined. This is such a box as I lost, and these are Mexican cheroots—these are not cigars.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Are they all Mexican? A. No, some are Bengal—I do not know what sort were taken out of the box—I had some Bengal cheroots at the top of the box—there were always some in the box in the window, and that box was quite emptied—I had only been there three weeks—I saw the cheroots safe that night—the box held about half a pound—I do not serve customers from the stock in the window.





GEORGE BOSTOCK
. I and my family live in this house, and my mother and brother—my father lives in Maidstone-street, and not with my mother—my father keeps the house, and has lived there with my mother at one time—he pays the rent and all expenses—he is too ill to be here—I am employed and maintained by him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What is your father? A. A plasterer—he has not lived in the house for twelve or thirteen years—I work it his business, and am paid so much a week—I never go inside his house in Maidstone-street—he comes to our house sometimes two or three times a day, but never sleeps there—my own mother lives in the house—my father pays the rent of the house, and has given me money to pay the rent.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Have you any share in the business? A. No, I am my father's servant—I do not pay any of the rent—he does not deduct any portion of it from my wages—I have on wages but what is termed pocket money.


Pollard's Defence. On the 5th of Nov. I was in the coffee-shop, having a cup of tea and a slice of bread and butter. The policeman looked in; we were going home, and went into another coffee-shop to have another cup of coffee. We had not been there ten minutes, before in came the policeman, and took us: they found only 10d. on me, and at the station found a cigar close against me; they did not know whether I dropped it: there were twenty or thirty people there, and were as likely to drop it as me.
(Samuel Howard, baker, Orchard-house, Poplar, and William Jameson, corn-dealer and flour-factor, Hackney-road, gave Speller a good character.)

SPILLER †—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

POLLARD †—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.

HOLPEN †—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.






Transported for Fourteen Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoners.)

Before Lord Chief Justice Denman.

