




1197. 




MARY CHALLIS
 and 




ELLEN BOYLAN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
23rd of March, 50lbs. weight of coals, value 8d., the goods of 



George Tailford: and that Challis had been before convicted of felony.






GEORGE TAILFORD
. I live in Paradise-row, Chelsea, and sell coals. I had a large piece of coal, weighing 50lbs., standing against my door—I missed it on the 23rd of March—I have since seen it, and can swear it is mine—I know Boylan.





THOMAS HODGSON
. I am the prosecutor's son-in-law. I put the coal at the door—I had a mark on it—on missing it I went to No. 28, Bullwalk—the prisoners lodged there in the back room, first floor—I found them both there—directly I opened the door Boylan said, "Here it is, Master Thomas"—the coal was there—I sent to my father-in-law, and he told me to give them in charge—I had seen them hanging about the door about ten minutes before nine o'clock that night.





FREDERICK BALLARD
. I am a policeman. I was called in by Hodgson, who gave the prisoners in charge—I went to the first floor back room, and found the coal there.

Challis's Defence. On the 23rd of March I went to see for some work, and had a little drink. I met with the prosecutor's son, who gave me some gin, which made me worse. He said he would leave the coals at the door till ten o'clock for me, and I was to fetch them; he had given me some before. I took it, and he afterwards came with the policeman and took us.

Boylan's Defence. I had been in great distress all the winter, and on the 23rd of March I went into the shop for a half quartern loaf, which came to 2d.; he put the 2d. in my hand again, and said he would giv me some coals. I brought an old saucepan, and got the coals. He also gave me some cheese, some herrings, and tea, sugar, and butter, and said he would come to my room in the course of two hours. I said,' No, for I

have an old woman lodging with me." He said, "Go and fetch your box, and I will give you some snuff." I brought it, and he gave me some. I told him he must not come, for I expected my husband home, and since that he has been so spiteful.





THOMAS HODGSON

re-examined. I never had the least spite against her—I swear I did not give her the things—they live about 100 yards from our house—I never made her a present of any herrings or coals.





WILLIAM HENRY PACK
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of Challis's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was a witness against her—she is the person.

CHALLIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 48.—


Transported for Seven Years.

BOYLAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 37.—



Confined Three Months.
