



2394. 




JAMES STOREY, alias

JONES, was indicted

 for stealing a ham, value 9s., the goods of 



John Butler; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






EMMA BUTLER
. I am the wife of John Butler, a cheesemonger, and live in St. Pancras. On the 30th of Sept., about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, I was at the back of the shop, and heard my boy calling out, "Stop thief," and saw him run out of the shop after somebody—I went to the shop door, and saw the boy pick up something—this ham is my husband's—I know it by my two B's on it—the prisoner was brought to the shop soon after.





FREDERICK LEONARD
. I am fourteen years old, and am in the service of Mr. Butler. On Monday night, the 30th of Sept., I saw the prisoner take a

ham off the block, and run away with it—I am sure of him—I saw his face—I called out "Stop thief," and ran out—I saw the ham on the pavement, about two doors off—I picked it up, and took it to my master's—the prisoner was brought back by the policeman in about ten minutes.





HENRY BERRY
 (policeman.) I heard the cry of "Stop thief," and saw a mob of persons run across the road—I ran up, and apprehended the prisoner, who was then at a stand-still between several people—he said, "I have done nothing "—I took him on suspicion, not knowing of the robbery at that time, but on returning towards the station I met the boy, who said he had stolen his master's ham—I took him to the station.

Prisoner's Defence. I heard a cry of "Stop thief," some yards before I got up to the shop; I saw a man running across the road; I ran after him through a dark place. I was laid hold of by some man; I asked what I was laid hold of for, and said I had done nothing; nor more I had. I saw the boy run out of the shop.





JOHN LAWRENCE
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
.* Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

