



2465. 




FRANCIS SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of August, 49 yards of printed cotton, value 2l.; and 45 yards of mouselin de laine, 1l., the goods of 



Richard Gunton.






THOMAS PLUMMER
. I am shopman to Richard Gunton, linen-draper, in Lamb's Conduit-street—this cotton-print and mouselin de laine is my master's—on Tuesday evening, the 15th of August, a person spoke to me—I went to the door and missed these articles—they had been safe inside the door about an hour before.





JOHN WATSON
. I live in Harper's-mews, Theobald's-road—on Tuesday evening, the 15th of August, I was opposite Mr. Gunton's shop—I saw the prisoner and another person walking backwards and forwards—the prisoner then stood at the corner of the shop—we went over to Lamp-office-court and saw the prisoner take the bundle of things from just inside the shop door, and give them to the other one, who was at the corner of Chapel-street—he went up Chapel-street in the dark, and the prisoner after him—we followed them round Bedford-row to Red Lion-square and told the policeman—the other one then chucked down the bundle and ran away—the prisoner did not run—the policeman took him—he said, "I cannot walk along the street without these young vagabonds giving me in charge"—I knew him before.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. You have been in Horsemonger-lane, have you not? A. Never in my life, nor in any other jail—I left my place last week, and work with my father at Mr. Bosher's, a green-grocer—I know Johnson—it was not a very dark night—I had been bathing in Chalk-road, Maiden-lane—I did not see Johnson that night—I have known Brown six years—he and I had been together from ten in the morning—I went with him to sell his apples, and when he was done I went home—then I went out, and Brown and I went to the Chalk-road—he lives in Eagle-court, not far from me—it was not a rainy night—it was about a quarter past eight o'clock—there was a sailor boy with the prisoner—the sailor was in custody at Clerkenwell—I stated there what I have here, but the sailor was discharged—the magistrate did not say he could not rely on my evidence, but I could not swear to him because he had different clothes on—he was the person whom I

supposed I had seen run away—I did not point him out—a person named Dollin pointed him out—Brown could not swear to him—the prisoner was not in custody when the sailor was discharged—I did not see any lads playing about the prosecutor's shop—there were two or three ladies walked past—I have known the sailor boy by sight—I have not had any communication with his friends, or asked one of them for money not to come up against him—I have not spoken about having 3s. 6d. a day for coming up here—the prisoner's mother offered me 5s. to go into the country—I did not speak to her first about it—we were coming up Holborn, and she met me and said, "If you like to take 5s. a piece I will give it you, and on Wednesday I will give you 1l."—Johnson was in my company when I saw the prisoner take these things—he was not before the magistrate—I did not say that he was—he was there ready to speak against the prisoner—I did not say to Johnson when I saw the prisoner, "There is a couple of prigs, let us watch them,"nor any thing of the kind, nor say Johnson was a fool to talk about not knowing the parties who took it, nor any thing to that effect—Johnson did not say it was impossible to recognize the parties—neither I nor Brown said, "Come, let us swear that Johnson did not say 'We cannot do that, as we did not see him take it'"—I did not say "Never mind that, you fool; if we do not we shall get nothing"—nothing of that sort passed.

COURT. Q. You said you could not swear to the sailor boy, but you could to the prisoner? A. Yes—I knew the prisoner before—I had seen him tossing.





WILLIAM BROWN
. On Tuesday evening, the 15th of Aug., I was with Watson in Lamp-office-court—we saw the prisoner and another walking past Mr. Gunton's shop—the prisoner went and took the pieces, and gave them to the other who went up Chapel-street—the prisoner stood at the corner for two or three minutes, and then he went after him—they went round Bedford-row, and Princes-street to Red Lion-square—I saw the policeman and gave the prisoner into custody—the other one threw the bundle down and ran away.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. A plasterer's boy, but I have no work—I have been selling fruit in the street—I was not in custody for stealing fat—we saw the prisoner about half-past eight o'clock—it was dark—I and Watson had been bathing—Johnson was with us—Watson said, "There are two thieves, let us watch them"—he did not say we should get 3s. 6d. a day—we were standing together, and Johnson behind us in the court—he could see just as far as we could—I was before the Magistrate when the sailor boy was there—I could not identify him, and he was discharged—Johnson did not say in my hearing that he could not swear to the prisoner being the one who took the bundle—he would not swear anything of the kind—the prisoner and the other man had gone about a quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's shop, when I saw the bundle thrown down—they walked fast, and we walked fast behind them—we did not meet a policeman all that time, but no one came between us and the persons we followed.





JOHN NORTH
 (police-constable E 90.) On the evening of the 15th of Aug., these two witnesses pointed out the prisoner to me, and there was another man running away—Brown picked up the bundle, and the prosecutor identified the things—I told the prisoner he must go with me—he refused—I took him to the station.

JURY
to
JOHN WATSON. Q. Did you lose sight of the prisoner, from the time you first saw him till the other dropped the bundle? A. No.

MR. HORRY
called






RICHARD JOHNSON
. I am a wheelwright, and live in French-horn-yard,

Holborn, with my father. I was with Watson and Brown, in Lamb's Conduit-street, about eight o'clock, on the 15th of Aug.—Watson said, "There are two thieves, let us watch them, we shall get 3s. 6d. a day up at Newgate"—Brown and Watson then went a little way into Chapel-street—I was a little way before them—I was not in Lamp-office-court—it was rather dark—I did not see the person at Mr. Gunton's door—I saw the face of the other man, but not of the prisoner—I saw two persons in Chapel-street—their backs were towards me—the prisoner is not the person who had the bundle—he was taller than the prisoner—we followed the person who ran with the bundle—he was not joined by any one—we were following close behind him—I saw the bundle thrown down by the taller one, who then ran away—the prisoner was about three yards from the one who had the bundle—we called to the policeman to take the prisoner—I cannot say whether the prisoner was in company with the other, but he went the same road—I could not distinguish the countenance of the person who was with the one who had the bundle, and I had as good an opportunity of seeing him as Brown and Watson—when we were at the station I said, "We never saw the prisoner take it"—Watson said, "I see you will spoil it, we must swear it"—he said, "Never mind that, you fool, if we don't we shall get nothing"—I was at the Police-court, but I was not examined—nothing has been paid to me to come here to give evidence—I offered myself to the prisoner's mother.

COURT. Q. Where is Lamp-office-court? A. Just by Little Ormond-yard—it is near Chapel-street—the prosecutor's shop is at the corner of Chapel-street—I did not see any body take any thing from the shop—I was there watching about five minutes—I saw one person with a bundle—I did not see any other person join him, but we followed two persons—one was standing up Chapel-street, and one who I think was the prisoner was at the posts—I was not sure it was him when he was taken—he was taken in Red Lion-square—he was sent to Newgate—I did not go and tell his mother that I was there, and I did not know it was him—I did not know his mother then, but a young lad who worked at Parker's knew the prisoner's mother, and he came to my house—some of the boys told him that I was there—I told the prisoner's mother about the 3s. 6d. that they said they would get by swearing against the prisoner—it was Watson who spoke first about it.





ELIZA ANN HANNAGAN
. I am the prisoner's mother—I know the witnesses—I met them together—they said if they had 5s. a piece they could go into the country—my son lived at home with me.

COURT. Q. How does he get his living? A. He was out of a situation—he is generally at the bar of a public-house.




GUILTY
.** Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

