



1988. 



JOHN LEE, alias
 Robert Dalton

, was indicted

 for stealing on the 
17th of Aug., at 
St. Mary Abbotts, Kensington, 25 sovereigns; 4 half-sovereigns; 4 half-crowns; 10 shillings; and 3 5l. notes; the monies of 



Sarah Walton, in the dwelling-house of 



Sarah Rice.



MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






SARAH RICE
. I live at 27, Queen-street, Brompton, in the parish of St. Mary Abbots, Kensington. I have an aunt named Sarah Walton, residing in the house—on Saturday, 26th of July, the prisoner came to look at apartments which were to let on the drawing-room floor—I said I had another apartment on the second floor, he said that would do—I asked him for a reference—he gave me one to Mr. John Lee, his uncle, at the Travellers' Club, Pall-mall—I said I could not take him in until Monday—he said he should not want to come in then, if so soon—he wrote his name down, I have not got it—I afterwards received two letters, one on Monday evening—I afterwards spoke to him respecting that one—this is it—before I received it I had made inquiry at the Travellers' Club—I told him the result of my inquiries, that his uncle's name was spelt differently at the club, as the porter at the club told me—(letter read—"Monday morning—Not knowing whether you have inquired respecting my uncle, as I should with you to, inquire about the name as Legh—Lee, our name, is distinguished from the Cheshire family, as for Stoneleigh, which by inquiry of the porter you will find")—I ascertained that there was a gentleman at the club from Cheshire, whose name was Legh—I said, "They say the name is spelt differently, but they know nothing of the younger branches"—he said it was reversionary property which caused his uncle to change his name—I thought that a sufficient explanation, and took him—he occupied the apartment for three weeks—on Sunday morning, 17th of Aug., my aunt went to church about eleven o'clock, leaving me in the house—about a quarter after eleven o'clock, the prisoner came down stairs, and asked the servant, "Ann, can Miss Rice give me change for a sovereign?"—I said, "No, I could not"—he called out, and said, "Perhaps, Miss Rice, you would like to see the newspaper?"—I said, "Yes"—he brought me down the paper, and then sent the girl out for change for a sovereign—she returned soon after—the prisoner was in the passage when she came in—he gave her seven shillings for herself, and went out—he had taken his writing-desk to be repaired the week before, and he told her, as he went out, to take it in if it was brought back—he paid fifteen shillings a week for his lodging, and extra for breakfast—he paid me a sovereign and sixpence that morning, for one week—he gave me a 5l. note Co take the rent out of—that was before the robbery—there was no one in the house from the time my aunt went out and came home, except myself and the servant—when my aunt came home she complained of losing her money—I went into her room—herdesk was in the back top room—the prisoner's apartment was the room under it—I saw her desk after she came home—the papers were pushed away from the drawer of the desk where the motley had been—the drawer was open, it does not lock—the desk had been locked, it was forced open, and the money gone—I saw none there—the desk was locked again, and my aunt opened it with another key—sne could not open it with her own key—I tried it—the prisoner wore purple spectacles.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. He took the lodgings as a weekly apartment? A. Yes, it is a private house in a street, not in the main road—it is my own leasehold house—the girl was gone a very short time for the change—I have another lodger, a lady and her daughter, the widow of a post-captain in the navy—they occupy the parlour-floor. MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you believe this letter to be his writing? A. Yes,

I received that on the Thursday—(read—"Richmond, Aug. 19. Madam,—I write to say you need not detain my apartment any longer, as I intend stopping a few weeks here, it being a very healthy place. I have enclosed your key in this note, and will call on my return from Richmond. As your apartments suited me very well, I will not fail to recommend you. J. Lee.")—He enclosed the key of the drawers in his bed-room in the note.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Did not he say he was going to Richmond that morning? A. Yes.

JURY. Q. Did he pay you the morning he left? A. He paid me 1l. 0s. 6d.—I changed the 5l. note for him that morning, before my aunt went to church.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Had not he changed a 5l. note before? A. Yes, the servant had—he never appeared to want money before the robbery.





SARAH WALTON
. I live with my niece. I never saw the prisoner in the house—I met him once coming out of his room, but did not look at him—this is my desk—it was in my room on Sunday morning, 17th Aug.—in the top drawer inside the desk I had twenty-five sovereigns, four half-sovereigns, four half-crowns, ten shillings, four sixpences, and three 5l. notes—I had occasion to go to the drawer before I went to church, and the money was then safe—I did not examine it to see if there was the same quantity as before—some was in a box, and some loose in a paper—I saw the sovereigns and notes safe at that time—I unscrewed the box—I am quite sure the notes and sovereigns were safe—I went up stain about two o'clock, and tried a drawer standing against the desk, it was deranged a good deal—I saw the cover of the desk a little bit lifted up—I took the keys and tried to open the desk, but could not—my niece was coming up to clean herself—she took the keys—the key which used to open it would not, but another little key opened it—I then opened the top drawer, and all the money was gone—I had taken all my keys to church in my pocket—I had been home from church an hour before I found it out—the lodgers are not here—there was nobody in the house but the prisoner, the servant, and my niece—the widow and her daughter had gone to church, and had not come home—I believe they had come home when I discovered my loss.

Cross-examined. Q. They bad separate apartments from you, had they not? A. Oh yes—I went to the drawer to lend my niece some sovereigns just before I went to church—that makes me sure the money was there—I took out four sovereigns and lent her—I cannot be sure how many sovereigns there were there before I took the four out—I did not count them—I am sure I have spoken of less than more.

COURT. Q. Who was present when you took the money out for your niece? A. Nobody but herself and me—I should not have known it was safe if I had not gone to lend her the sovereigns—she wanted me to change a 5l. note, but I would not do it, and I lent her four sovereigns.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. How long had you been trying to open the desk with the key before you saw your niece? A. Not a minute hardly—I was trying to open it—she came up to clean herself, and she tried it, and opened it with the other key—she tried the right key at first.

JURY. Q. Do you know whether the widow and her daughter went out to church before or after you? A. I cannot tell.





EMMA AVENELL
. I am servant to Miss Rice. I waited on the prisoner while he occupied apartments in mistress's house—I remember her aunt going to church on the Sunday morning—the widow and

her daughter went to church about two minutes before her—they returned a little after one o'clock—they are stopping there still—nobody was in the house when the prisoner came down stairs, but Miss Rice and myself—it was about a quarter after eleven—he came down and asked me to give him change—I turned to Miss Rice and asked if she could change a sovereign—she said, no, she could not—he put it into his pocket, and said, never mind, he would get it as he went out—he came down again about a quarter of an hour after, and said he must have change—I went for change—I was gone about ten minutes—when I came back, he was in the passage putting on his gloves, with a carpet-bag and hat-box—he seemed very much flurried—I gave him the change—he gave me 7s.—I opened the door and said, "Shall I carry your carpet-bag, sir?"—he said, "Oh no, I think I can get the bus: my desk will be coming home; you can take it in and pay 1s. for it; I shall be back again on Wednesday"—the desk never came—I had seen it before it went—it was a leather desk—I do not think there was anything the matter with it—there was nobody in the house except the old lady, myself, and the widow and her daughter, before the old lady found her money was gone—there was nobody in the house between her going to church, and the prisoner's leaving, but myself and my mistress—nobody came till I went for a policeman, about half-past two.

Cross-examined. Q. His desk did go away? A. Yes, in the middle of the week—he took it away himself under his arm—I had changed one 5l. note for him previously while he was there—I do not recollect more—it might have been two, not three.





JANE SABINE
. I am single, and live in Charteris-buildings, Green-wich. On Monday night, the 18th of Aug., about half-past twelve o'clock, I saw the prisoner run out of the corner house and up the court—he asked if there was a way out—I told him the way he got in he must get out, it was no thoroughfare—he said there was a man jealous of him going to cut bis throat, and asked if he could remain with me—he did so until the morning—I occupy a room there—I am an unfortunate woman—he slept with me—next morning he stood against the table, took a purse from hit pocket, and shook the money out into his hand several times—I saw from eighteen to twenty sovereigns in the purse—he gave me 7s.—he shook the sovereigns out of the purse several times into his hand after he had done washing himself—I asked him what made his hair so short—he said he had been to prison, got false bail, and came out—before he went away he asked me to go and see if all was clear—I asked him his reason—he said it was no person going to cut his throat, that the police were after him—I asked what the police were after him for—he would not say—he went away, and I saw no more of him.

Cross-examined. Q. How did you come here? A. The police fetched me—when I heard the policeman inquiring for such a person I went and said the person had been stopping with me.





JOHN CARPENTER
 (police-constable R 84.) From information I received I searched for the prisoner at Greenwich—I could not find him there—I went to the prosecutor's house and saw the desk now produced—I found several impressions on the wood, marks of something having been placed in to wrench it open, similar to this chisel produced by Weston—I have examined it with these marks, and find it exactly corresponds—the hasp is loose—I did not make the marks—the chisel has never been so close to it as it is now, while in my hands—the edge of the chisel is not injured at all.


Cross-examined. Q. There is only one mark, is there? A. Here is another, which I should say was made by the chisel—a chisel is not always put in exactly straight—this one impression is a little askew, and if the chisel is put so it exactly corresponds—the other mark exactly cor-responds with the fiat surface of it—nobody can have a doubt of that one—the chisel has never had the edge ground, it is quite new.





ELIZABETH SKIRT
. I live at Greenwich. One day, about the middle of Aug., (I cannot be certain of the day,) I met the prisoner, and had a glass of wine with him, which he paid for by a 5l. note.





GEORGR WESTON
 (police-constable E 23.) I have produced this chisel—I received it from a constable of the E division at Croydon—the man who produced it is at Penge—I received it in the prisoner's presence—a person named Clark apprehended the prisoner—he is not here—I read the charge over to the prisoner, which was for stealing a quantity of plate from a lady named Williams—it was said in his presence that the chisel was found by the side of some of the plate—I asked him whose chisel it was, and he said, "It is my property"—this was in the charge room—he was asked again about it by the Magistrate on the Monday, and he said it was his property.

MISS RICE
re-examined. The papers in the desk were disturbed and moved from the front of the drawer—my aunt lent me the four sovereigns before she went to church, to give the prisoner change for the 5l., note—I did not see whether she put the desk to rights afterwards—being an elderly lady, I did not like to look into the desk—the prisoner bad asked me for change for a 5l. note to pay his rent, and I went up from the prisoner's room to her room at the top of the house, and got it of her there—he did not send me up—he asked for change—I laid I would go and get it, and went up—I only wanted four sovereigns, as he owed me 1l.

JURY
to
MRS. WALTON. Q. Did you ever lose the key of your desk to have it necessary to force it open? A. Never.




GUILTY
.*—


Transported for Ten Years.

