



1018. 




THOMAS WILKS
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering, at the parish of 
Bermondsey, on the 
17th of Feb., 1844, the dwelling-house of 



Edward Kempton, and stealing therein, 3 coats, value 5l.; 1 cloak, 30s.; 8 waistcoats, 40s.; 1 pair of breeches, 20s.; 4 pairs of trowsers, 2l. 4s.; 1 shawl, 10s.; 2 pairs of sheets, 14s.; 3 petticoats, 8s.; 2 gowns, 40s.; 3 shawls, 3l. 6s.; 1 pair of shoes, 2s. 6d.; and 1 basket, 1s.; his goods.


MR. WILKINS
conducted the Prosecution.






SARAH KEMPTON
. I am the wife of Edward kempton, and live at No. 2, Cross-street, Bermondsey New-road. On Saturday, the 17th of Feb., between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, I left the house, and returned between five and six—I found the back door and back window both open—I had left them shut and fastened—I found a large bundle tied up in my shawl at the bottom of the stairs, and placed in the clothes basket—it contained the articles stated, which were nearly all new, and worth quite 10l.—I had left them in a drawer in my bed-room—I also missed a great coat of my husband's, which I had left on the bedstead in the back room—five minutes after I entered the house the constable brought the prisoner to the house with that coat on his back—he said he had found it—this is it—my husband has had it two years, but has not worn it much—I know it by the make and colour—the persons had got into the house over a large ditch at the back of my premises, then getting on the back parlour window, and from that to the bed-room window, which they could easily open—it slides back—I am sure it was shut when I went out—they would get on the roof of the next washhouse, which is close against the window—nobody lives in the house but myself and husband—it is in Bermondsey parish.





THOMAS TODD
 (police-constable M 201.) On Saturday, the 17th of Feb., between five and six o'clock, I heard a cry of "Stop thief" in the Old Kent-road—I had not proceeded many yards before I met the prisoner running as fast as he could with this great coat on—I stopped him, and took him to Mrs. Kempton, who as soon as she came to the door said, "That is my husband's coat that fellow has got on"—he said he found it is John-street.

Cross-examined by
MR. CRUCH. Q. You went to Mrs. Kempton? A. Yes, in consequence of information I received directly after I stopped the prisoner—I took him about a quarter of a mile from the house.—BOLTON. I am a currier, and live next door to the prosecutor. On Saturday afternoon, the 17th of Feb., I heard the bolts of Mrs. Kempton's back door fly—I went out directly, and saw the prisoner in the act of jumping over the fence on the tan-floor at the back of the house—there was another

man with him—I called "Stop thief" directly, and they ran away—the prisoner had that great coat on at the time.

Cross-examined. Q. You saw the two men running away from the house? A. Yes.

MR. WILKINS. Q. Did you notice the prisoner's face? A. I could not distinguish his face when I saw him running, but directly he was brought back I was sure he was the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Williams.

