



2285. 




WILLIAM FRANKLIN
 was indicted

 for stealing, from the person of 



James Ward, 2 bags, value 1s.; 24 sovereigns, 11 half-sovereigns, 3 crowns, 41 half-crowns, 80 shillings, 5 sixpences, and 2 10l.; and 3 5l.; Bank-notes; his property.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES WARD
. I am a pig-dealer, and live at Drogheda, in Ireland. I brought some pigs from Ireland—I was at Leighton Buzzard, in Bedfordshire, this day three weeks—I had twenty-five pigs there—I saw the prisoner there—I sold two or three pigs to several persons—the prisoner came over to me, he sat down by me, and asked me if I was going to Ireland—I told him if I could sell all these pigs I would go that evening; and another man came and said what had I got—I said, "Eight pigs"—I said I wanted 24l.; for them—that man offered me 21l.;, and the prisoner said be would give me 22l.;—the man that bid me 21l.; said, "You shall have them," and he walked away—the prisoner did not want them, and I sold them to the other man on the Wednesday—the prisoner told me he should like to go with me to Ireland—I said if he would come with me I would do all in my power for him—we then had something to drink—we slept on Tuesday night at a public-house in Leighton Buzzard—the prisoner and I slept in the same house, but not the same room—the man who bought the pigs paid me 21l.; 10s. for them—one 10l.; note, and two 5l.; notes; one sovereign, and 10s.—t ey were country notes—on the Wednesday morning I sent the ostler with the two 10l.; notes, and the one 5l.; note over to the bank to get them changed for Bank of England notes—he brought me back two 10l.; and one 5l.; Bank of England notes—I took out my purse, which contained some sovereigns and two 5l.; notes—I put these two 10l.; notes and the 5l.; note into it, and put my purse into my left-hand waistcoat pocket—I went down to the rail-road to get home, and met the prisoner again—he asked me if I was going—I said, "Yes, I am"—he said, "You are time enough, you had better come

back and have a glass of gin"—I went, and when we got back to the station, I found the train was gone—we went up again to the town, and remained there some time, and then went down again—the train was coming up—the prisoner said he had some friends coming from Watford, and if I would go there with him he would Pay my expenses up and down—he brought me into the office, pulled out a purse, he found a sovereign, and paid our fares—I went by the up-train along with him—the policeman at the station at Leighton asked me where I was going—I said, "With this young man to Watford"—he said, "What business have you there?"—I said, "I have no business, I am going with this young man to see some friends"—he said, "Do not go with him, you are sure to be robbed"—the prisoner said, "He shall go with me"—the policeman said, "No, he shall come in the other carriage"—the prisoner said he would be d—d, but I should go with him, and pulled me into the carriage—I had been drinking—we got to London, and there the policeman wanted the tickets, and they found that they were only to Watford—we were sent back to Watford, and then the prisoner took me into a public-house, and we drank two noggins of gin there—then he took me to another house, and then to another house—after we came out of the last public-house he asked me if I would not go to see his friends—I said, "Yes, where is it about?"—he said, "Up the road"—we went up the road, and could see no house—he brought me on two or three miles, and it was getting late—I said I would go back, I did not like to travel by night with money in my pocket—he said, "What a d—d fool you are"—I said, "No, I will go back"—he said, "Come on"—I said, "No"—we heard a wagon coming along towards London—we remained till the wagon came up—the prisoner asked the wagoner where he was going, and he said to London—the prisoner said, before the wagon came up, that he wanted me to go to London to see his wife—he said he had a wife in London—we got into the wagon—we stopped at a public-house on the road—the prisoner asked me to come down and treat the wagoner with a quart of ale—we drank that—I drank three glasses of it—I am not accustomed to drink ale—we then got into the wagon again—after that I told the prisoner I did not know what had come over me, I felt very dead in myself—he told me to lay in the wagon, I should find myself quite well when I got to London—I think we got to London about half-past five—I had my money safe in my pocket when I went to sleep in the wagon, and when I awoke my waistcoat was loose, and the two purses were gone—I told the wagoner—I went out and found a policeman, and told him—I did not see the prisoner any more till he was taken into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. NEALE. Q. You told the wagoner, after you awoke in the morning, what had happened? A. Yes, I told him the gentleman who was with me last night had robbed me of 80l.;—I did not describe to him whether it was in gold or silver—when I went to sleep I had about thirty sovereigns, about 10l.; in silver, two 10l.; notes, and three 5l.; notes, about 75l.; in all—I had 74l.; 14s. 6d. in all—I never counted my money at all, as I received it I put it into my purse—I never turned the two bags out to count it, but I will swear to what I sold these pigs for—the last amount that I put into these bags was the two 10l.; notes, and the 5l.; note that the ostler brought me—that was about ten o'clock on the Wednesday—I drank at three houses in that town, after I put the notes into the bag—I did not count my money from the time of my putting these notes in, and going into the wagon—I had the bank-notes and gold on the left side of my waistcoat and the silver on the right, in two purses—I had first begun to put money in on the Tuesday morning—we were going to Birmingham and Liverpool, and

then to Ireland—I did not make a memorandum of the notes the ostler brought me—I did not take them out again—I have not seen them since—I did not wake up at all between the time of my falling asleep in the wagon, and waking in the morning—I do not remember the wagoner trying to awake me—no other conversation took place between me and the prisoner before I fell asleep—I do not know that any one touched me while I was asleep.

COURT. Q. When you awoke, did you see the prisoner? A. No, I never saw him at all—the wagon was stopping in the Ram-yard, Smithfield, when I awoke about half-past five.





THOMAS JAMES
. I am ostler to Mr. Millard, at the Saracen's Head, Leighton Buzzard. On Wednesday, the 28th of Aug., the prosecutor gave me two 10l.; notes, and one 5l.; note of Grant's, the Leighton Buzzard Bank—he told me to get two 10l.; and one 5l.; Bank of England notes for them—I went and got them—as I was coming from the bank I looked at them to see that I had got them right, and I saw a private mark under the word "of"—when the notes were shown to me again, I noticed that they had the same marks on them—I gave the notes to the prosecutor—these two 10l.; notes, and this 5l.; note (looking at them) have those marks on them—these are the notes.

Cross-examined. Q. When you say these are the notes, are you only guided by these marks? A. I will swear that the notes I brought from the bank had got the same mark on as these have—I would not undertake to swear that these are the identical pieces of paper—if any one were to put their thumb over the marks I could not swear to the paper—the prosecutor asked me to go over to the bank to get the notes changed for Bank of England notes for them, and as he said that, he laid the notes on the table.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you believe these to be the notes, looking at the mark? A. Yes.





BENJAMIN WILLMORE
. I am principal clerk in the Leighton Buzzard Bank. I remember Thomas James coming to change some notes—he brought two 20l.; notes and a 5l.; note of the Leighton Buzzard Bank—I gave him 25l.; in Bank of England paper, but I cannot say in what notes—these two 10l.; notes, and this 5l.; note have the private mark of our house, but whether they are the notes I gave to James I cannot tell—these notes have been through our house—we do not take the numbers of the notes.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you been in that bank? A. Upwards of twenty-two years—the whole of that time it has been the custom of our bank to put this mark on their notes—these have passed through our bank, but I cannot say when—if you were to come and present a check for 25l.; and asked for bank notes, I should not understand you meant country notes—if any one asked for 5l.; notes we should give our own notes.





JOHN AUSTIN
. I am a butcher and live at Berkhampstead. I was at Leighton Buzzard on the 27th Aug.—I saw the prosecutor there and bought two pigs of him—I paid him with two 5l.; Bank of England notes, and 1l.; 10s. in cash—I have the number of one of the 5l.; notes in my pocket-book—it was number 41792—this is the note (looking at it.)

Cross-examined. Q. Did you put that number at the time? A. I put it down on the Monday—that is all that enables me to swear to the note—I have not entered the date.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Was it a 5l.; note? A. Yes, and I believe this to be it.





JAMES ANDREWS
. I am the driver of Mr. Hunter's wagon. On Wednesday night, the 28th of Aug., I was driving a wagon to London—I saw the prisoner and the prosecutor at the bottom of Stanmore Hill—I took them up

into my wagon—I did not take any body else up—I stopped at the George at Edgware, and we had two pots of ale—the prisoner and the prosecutor-got into the wagon again—the prosecutor was drowsy and laid down, and I believe went to sleep—I got to the Ram Inn, at Smithfield, between one and two o'clock on Thursday morning—the prosecutor did not get out of the wagon at all, from the time he got in after he had the ale, till the wagon arrived at Smithfield—when I got to the Ram the prisoner went away—the prosecutor remained in the wagon—when the prisoner went away I think it was nearly two o'clock—he said he should be back about seven in the morning, and he did come back—the prosecutor remained in the wagon till about five in the morning—when he got out he said that roan had robbed him of every penny lie had got, and what should he do—when the prisoner came back to me about seven o'clock he asked me where his mate was—the prisoner was then taken into custody.

Cross-examined. Q. When the prisoner went away did he pay you for the carriage of himself and his friend? A. Yes—he gave me 4s., which was the fair and proper remuneration, and he told me he should come back at seven o'clock—it was between one and two, or nearly two o'clock when he left me, about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour after I got to the Ram—he tried with me to arouse the prosecutor—we shook him and asked if he was going to get up—he said, "No"—we were close to him, and I can swear he said "No"—he did not answer any thing else that I heard—I was then in front of the wagon, outside, and the prisoner was in the wagon—I heard him speak to the prosecutor and ask him if he was going to get out, and the prosecutor said "No"—the prisoner then said, "Let him lie," and he went away—I then got in and laid down at the hind part of the wagon—the prosecutor was in the front of the wagon, and there were some paper parcels between us—I had not unloaded—I remained there till the prosecutor awoke, which was about five o'clock—he then got up, felt in his pockets, and said he had lost his money, that man had taken every farthing he had got—he searched his pockets, but he did not search in the wagon—I told him that the prisoner said he would come back at seven o'clock—he then went out and found the policeman—I did not remain in the yard—I only went just outside the yard—when the prisoner came back, a little before seven o'clock, he asked where his mate was, and I said, "He is gone out to look after you, and he says you took his money"—I did not mention the word robbed or robbery—the prisoner said, "He is a fool"—the policeman then came and took him—the prosecutor was at the police office—it was about nine o'clock at night when I took them up on the road—I was then in ray wagon, and when they got up I got down on the front about the shafts—I cannot tell how long it was before the prosecutor went to sleep—they were talking to each other after they got into the wagon—I cannot tell what they said—when we arrived in London and the prisoner went away I thought he was going to sleep in the house—when I bring passengers to London, if they arrive at night, it is customary for them to go to bed, not to remain and sleep in the wagon.

COURT. Q. When you got to Smithfield, and went into the back of the wagon, did you go to sleep? A. Yes, and the prosecutor was in the front of the wagon.





THOMAS BROWN
 (City police-constable, No. 215.) In consequence of information from the prosecutor, on the morning of the 29th of Aug., I looked out for the prisoner, and found him in Smithfield—I asked him if he had been in company with an Irishman—he said he had—I told him the Irishman had been robbed of 80l.;, and charged him with it—he said the Irishman was a d—d liar—I told him he must go with me to the station, which he did—the

prosecutor then said, "That is the man that robbed me"—I searched the prisoner, and found on him a bag containing 34l.; in gold, 2l.; 8s. 6d. in silver, and 2d. in copper, and a key of a trunk—he said he lived in Whitmore-road Hoxton—I went and searched that place, and when I came back he said the key belonged to a trunk which was gone to his father's, at St. Neots—I left the key at the station, but I have seen it since—this is it—I can swear it is the same key I got from the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you had the custody of all the money since? A. It has been at our Commissioner's office.





GEORGE KEMP
 (police-constable N 82.) I went to the White Horse, in Pitfield-street, on Friday, the 30th of Aug.—I received from Mr. Wells, the landlord, this box, which I produce—I took it to the Smithfield station-house, and opened it with this key, which was given to me there—the box it directed "For William Franklin, pig dealer, St. Neots, Huntingdonshire"—I found in the box a quantity of male apparel, in coats, trowsers, and so on—I found 7l.; 13s. in crowns, half-crowns, shillings, and sixpences—I searched the pockets of the clothes, but found nothing—I then took up this coat, and felt something crimp in the sleeve of it—I looked, and found it had been unripped between, the lining and the sleeve—I put my fingers in, and found the three 5l.; notes and two 10l.; notes which I have produced to-day, and which the witnesses have seen—I marked the notes.





ELLEN CLARK
. I live with Mr. Wells, a publican, in Pitfield-street, Hoxton. About six o'clock on Thursday morning, the 29th of Aug., the prisoner came and brought this box—he wrote this direction on it—it was not corded up when he brought it, but he corded it there, and asked if he could leave it to be taken care of—I told him he could if he left it inside the bar.

JURY
to
THOMAS BROWN. Q. Did the prisoner give information where the box was after he was in custody? A. He never named about the trunk till we had been to search his house—he was then asked what that key belonged to which I had found on him—he said it was the key belonging to a trunk which he had sent to St. Neots—he did not say the box was at Mr. Wells's—he said it was at a public-house, but he did not know the name nor the sign—he said it was at a public-house at Hoxton, and he offered to go with us—I named it to the Alderman, and an advertisement was put in the paper, and the box was brought to the station—I found that his address which he gave me was correct—we went, but found nothing there—the landlady said he had gone out about five o'clock that morning with a trunk—it was a private house.
(Joseph Hilsley, publican, St. Neots; and John Armsby, inn-keeper, Deane, in Bedfordshire; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

