




167. 




ELLEN LANE
 and 




MARGARET SULLIVAN
, were indicted for

 a robbery on 



Agnes Cornelly, and stealing 1 half-crown, 1 sixpence, 1 groat, and 6 pence; her property: Lane having been before convicted.


MR. WOOLLETT
conducted the Prosecution.






AGNES CORNELLY
. I live at 10, Fox-buildings. On 30th Oct., rather early in the morning, I went into a public-house in the Borough, to have something to drink; I do not know the name of it, but believe it is the Crown—the prisoners were standing by the door—I took out my money in the

public-house, and folded it in a piece of paper, and put it in my bosom on my left breast—I do not know whether the prisoners could see it—when I went out they followed me, knocked me down some how or other on my elbows, and broke the bone of my stays—Sullivan held me, and the other took the money—there was a half-crown, one shilling, sixpence, and a four-penny piece.

Sullivan. Q. Did not you say you had two half-crowns? A. No; I told the inspector that I was robbed on a coffee-house step, they sell coffee at this house—I did not state I was robbed from my left pocket.

JOSEPH
SMITH. I live at 16, Royal-street, Lambeth, and am a fireman. On 30th Oct., about six o'clock in the morning, I was standing outside the Crown door, and saw Sullivan follow Cornelly—she shoved her and feel on her—Lane came out immediately and took some money from her, but what I cannot say—I heard some drop, and there was a scrambling after it—Lane went in and passed something to two young men—they then all came out and went away together—I told them if I saw a constable I would give them in custody—I did not see them again till the following Saturday—I am quite certain of the prisoners—I know them well.

Lane. Q. You saw me pass the money? A. I did; some of the money fell under the prosecutrix's clothes, and you scrambled about for it. Sullivan. Q. Were there any other females there? A. No. BARTHOLOMEW HAGGERTY. I am a bricklayer's labourer, and live in Tooley-street. On 30th Oct., at six o'clock in the morning, I was in High-street—I saw the two prisoners in the public-house and some more besides—the prosecutrix came in—I saw the prisoners follow her out, and lay hold of the money, and take it from her—I saw her on the ground—Sullivan laid hold of her—I wanted to prevent her from taking it, and she took a hair-pin out of her head, and wanted to strike me with it.

Sullivan. Q. Did not you offer me three shillings to go home with you? A. No; you wanted to drink with me, and I refused.

Sullivan's Defence. Between four and five o'clock we were standing near St. George's Church; being destitute and without a lodging, a gentleman gave us a shilling; and we went into the house to have some coffee, the prosecutrix was there and the man; she said she was robbed on a coffee-house step.





JOHN HAWTON
 (policeman). I produce a certificate—(read—Ellen Reed, convicted Oct., 18-18, confined six months)—Lane is that person. LANE—


GUILTY
. Aged 21 


.—Transported for Ten Years.

SULLIVAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

