



1420. 




GEORGE ALCOCK
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging, on the 
4th of March, at 
London, an order for the payment of 200l., with intent to defraud 



John Wright and others.—2nd COUNT, for uttering with like intent.—Other COUNTS, stating it to be with intent to defraud 



Robert Alexius Pope.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
JERNINGHAM
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH HAY
. I am a clerk in the banking-house of Messrs. Wright. In March, 1837, the Rev. Mr. Pope kept an account at our house—this cheque (looking at it) was presented at our house on the 4th of March, 1837—I cannot say that I recollect the person who presented it—I paid the 200l., for which it is drawn—this 10l. note, No. 5128, dated 15th December, 1836, is one of the notes I paid; and this 20l. note, No. 8132, dated 27th January, 1837, was also paid at that time—here is one name written on each note of a customer of the bank—on the 20l. note there is also something like the name of Alcock, and on the 10l. note also—this 20l. note, No. 8133, dated 27th January, 1837, is also one of the notes that was paid.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is the name on the front or the back of the notes? A. On the front of one, and the back of the other—I think it looks something like the name of Alcock—the impression on my mind is that it is Alcock.

Q. Is it your custom to pay a cheque dated in the country without a stamp? A. I was not to know that it was drawn in the country—I ascertain where a cheque is drawn from the place whence it is dated—I do not think I knew where Mount Carmel-house was at that time—I now understand it is in Worcestershire—I never heard of such a house within ten miles of London, but there are many houses in London which I do not know—I do not think I observed the place at all where it was drawn—we very seldom have time to read the whole of a cheque—I know that cheques drawn in the country should bear a stamp—I do not always read the whole of a cheque—I cannot call to mind whether or not I read the whole of this—MR. Pope has been a customer of Messrs. Wright perhaps two or three years, but I do not know—I have paid some cheques of his, not many—he has not been in the habit of drawing many—I have paid cheques in favour of Alcock—I should say, one or two, from memory—I thought this to be Mr. Pope's writing, or I should not have paid it—I think now that there is a great similarity, so much as induced me to pay it—I should say it was Mr. Pope's writing certainly from the similarity of the character in general, without close inspection, but when I have Mr. Pope's own cheques put before me, and compare it, it is a different thing—there is then a discrepancy—I believe it is usual for Mr. Pope to have the name of the banker in a different handwriting to the other part of the cheque—I do not recollect whether it was a man, woman, or child, I paid the money to—I have the numbers and dates of the notes entered in my book—I entered them when I paid them away, and have the books here.

MR. JERNINGHAM. Q. By what part of a cheque do you generally judge of its validity? A. From the name—I considered it to be genuine at the time.





JAMES CROSBY
. I am a solicitor, practising in London, and live in Church-Court, Old Jewry. I became acquainted with the prisoner in, I think, 1836—he was introduced to me by a client of mine, named Latchford—I made inquiry about some property it was supposed he and others

were entitled to—I found there was an old suit pending in Chancery respecting it—I had occasion to expend some money in the object of my inquiry—I received from the prisoner, at various times, 100l., altogether—in January, 1837, I had occasion to go down to Redditch, in Worcestershire, and there saw Mr. Pope—I had seen seen him in January the preceding year—I communicated with him respecting the proceedings I had taken, and in consequence of what I heard from Mr. Pope in 1837 I made application to the prisoner—in consequence of what transpired between me and Mr. Pope the prisoner was sent for to Mr. Pope's—he was living at Redditch at the time—a great deal of conversation took place as to monies he had obtained from Mr. Pope—MR. Pope said, in his presence, that he had obtained 495l.—the prisoner promised to repay it—he never did repay it, to my knowledge—in March, the same year, I was deputed by Wrights, the bankers, and other persons, to go to France—I found the prisoner at Paris, and had conversations with him on the subject of his affairs, and the claims against him.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you act as his attorney at that time? A. No—I acted as attorney to the parties interested in the suit, but he was not a party to the suit—I did act as his attorney—I never gave him notice of my discontinuing to act as his attorney—he had run away, and I could not—I had only been concerned in one action for him.

MR. BODKIN. Q. At the time he left England had you any business of his in which you were acting as his attorney? A. I had had one action on a bill of exchange, in which he was plaintiff—it was alleged that he had forged it—a rule is now pending for a new trial, which is not disposed of.

Q. Did you receive the 100l. you had from the prisoner as client, or in what capacity? A. I considered him as agent for the various claimants—they were numerous—I went to France, as representing Messrs. Wright, Pope, and Latchford—the forgery of this cheque had been discovered, and on seeing the prisoner I represented what I came about—I told him I was desirous of getting back some of the money he had taken away with him—he said he had none—I asked him what he had done with the 200l. that he had got by forging Mr. Pope's name, at Wright's—he gave me some details, which I wrote on the back of a letter, in pencil—this is the memorandum I made—(looking at it)—he said he had sent 20l. to Milward, 20l. to Whitehouse, 20l. to Mrs. Alcock, 20l. to Ferrell, 10l. to Emmett, 10l. to the Thatched-tavern, and 10l. to things pledged—that amounts to 110l.—I do not remember that he gave me any further account—I returned to England, leaving him there—I saw him again on the 14th of April, this year, in Cateaton-street, City—I said, "Is that you, Alcock?"—he said, "How do you do Mr. Crosby?"—I said, "I want you to go with me to Messrs. Wright's"—he said, "What for?"—I said, "About the forgery"—he said he would not go—I then asked him to go to Mr. Latchford's—he said he would not go there—I told him if he did not go to one place or the other with me, I would give him in charge of a policeman—he then walked away—I followed him, and again persuaded him to go to Wright's or Latchford's, but he declined doing so—at last he said he would, but he walked in a contrary direction—and as I saw he did not intend to go, I gave him into charge of a policeman in Moorgate-street—he said I I could not give him in charge, I had no warrant—the policeman took him to Cripplegate station-house, where I stated the charge—he said first of all, "Now pray, Mr. Crosby, let me go with you to Latchford's or to Wright's; pray let me go"—he did not say that aloud—I told him I could

do nothing in it, I had given him the chance—I was detailing the charge, that he had forged a cheque, and he said, pointing to me, "And that is the villain that has had the money"—I have frequently seen him write.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you seen him write when he has been a client of yours? A. Yes, he has frequently written letters in my office—I do not know whether that was before I brought the action I refer to or not—I should think it was before.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Look at this cheque, whose hand-writing do you believe it to be? A. I believe the whole of it to be in the prisoner's hand-writing, except the words "Wright and Co."—I believe these two letters, also, to be his hand-writing—(looking at two.)

Cross-examined. Q. Who is Mr. Latchford? A. A bitmaker, in St. Martin's lane—I looked to the fund for the costs in this Chancery suit—there was a fund in the hands of the solicitor to the Treasury—I believe it was not in Court—there is an old suit of Wilding and Boulden—there was a portion of the estate of a man named Laurence, who died intestate in America—the solicitor to the Crown had obtained administration, and it is for the recovery of that and other property the suit is—they talked of a large sum—I believe there is about 7000l. in the hands of Mr. Maule—I was employed to take my share in the transaction, by some old people named Wilkinson, of whom the prisoner is either nephew or grandson—he brought me their retainers—that was very likely at my instance—he was a client of mine in the action, but I did not consider him so in any other respect—I viewed him as the agent of the parties in the suit—he was so mixed up with the suit, and the result of it, that I considered him as one of my clients certainly.

Q. How came you to be employed by Messrs. Wright to go to France, was it at their instance, or at yours? A. That I can scarcely tell you—I never knew Messrs. Wright prior to the transaction—I went to them—I should think I applied to them to act on their behalf when I got to France—I have no doubt of it—my object was not to take the man into custody, it was to get some of the money back—I intended to have brought him back here—my object was to get the money, and to take him into custody—the first time I saw him in France he was in custody—I told him my object was to put him into custody, and then I asked him about the forged order—I said I wanted to know what he had done with the money obtained from Messrs. Wright, by forging Mr. Pope's name, and then he gave me the account I have stated—that remark was preceded by the statement that I intended to give him into custody—I did not put him into custody there—I was the medium by which he was put into custody—I had taken with me his acceptance in favour of Latchford, and went to France, to ascertain what could be done with him, whether he could be sent to England or not—and under the advice of a French avocat I endorsed the bill to a Frenchman, who took proceedings against him, and had him arrested.

Q. You put your name to it, in order that the Frenchman to whom he owed nothing might arrest him? A. Yes, to get back the money he owed Latchford—I did not go on with the suit after he left—I have a brother—I know there were dealings between him and the prisoner—I never knew the prisoner had made advances to him—I do not know that he owed him money—my brother went to India in May 1837, and is now a partner in one of the first houses of Calcutta—the prisoner went to France in March 1837—I am not acquainted with the friends and connexions of Mr. Pope

—I have no witness from Redditch to tell whose hand-writing the cheque is—I am not the attorney for this prosecution—Messrs. Wright asked me to take it into my hands—they put it into the hands of Mr. Humphries—I am not in any respect acting professionally in it—I did not expect the prisoner was in England when I saw him in Cateaton-street—I do not know how long he was in prison at the suit of the Frenchman, but I think from information sent me from Paris that he was in prison two years—I think I never saw him write except in my office—that was not on the subject matter of the suit—I think it was on the subject matter of Mr. Pope's money, as it turns out.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Have you any letters among your papers addressed by the prisoner to—? A. A great many.





REV. ROBERT ALEXIUS POPE
. I am a Roman Catholic clergyman, and live at Mount Carmel-house, Redditch, Worcestershire. I have known the prisoner about four years, and have corresponded with him perhaps between thirty and forty times—I am acquainted with his hand-writing—I was in the habit of sending him cheques on Wright's bank at times—they were dated London—they were on the top of a letter, so as to have that part torn off—I filled up the cheques all but the banker's name—I think I have occasionally filled up the banker's name—I am not quite sure, but in general I did not—they were remitted by the post—with the exception of one or two I filled up the cheques in the manner I have described—I omitted nothing but the banker's name—this cheque—(looking at it)—is not my hand-writing, not a single word or letter of it—I never gave any body authority to draw that cheque—I believe it to be the prisoner's hand-writing, and these two letters also—in March, 1837, I had an account at Wright's—about that time I received a letter from Wright's containing this cheque—I have not got the letter—I fear it is destroyed—I immediately sent the cheque back to Wright's, and stated my opinion of it—I made pecuniary advances to the prisoner on the affair of Wilkinson's law-suit—in January 1837, Mr. Crosby paid me a visit—the prisoner was present at one interview, and it was agreed that I should allow him no more money, that I should send no more money up to him.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know any of the Wilkinsons at all? A. I did—I was acquainted with them, and knew there was a Chancery suit—I knew that before I knew Mr. Crosby—I have never been in the habit of advancing money to persona to carry on suits—this was an act of kindness on my part—I never stipulated that there should be 10,000l. coming to me.

Q. On your oath, was it not understood that you were to have 10,000l.? A. It was understood, but I did not ask it myself—I began to make advances without any promise—I advanced 495l. altogether—I did not employ the attorney—I was warned against that—I advanced the money to the prisoner that he might do so—I cannot positively say that I have seen the prisoner write—I judge of his hand-writing from the letters which I have received from him, nothing else—I am not quite sure whether the 10,000l. was understood to be increased to 20,000l. at any time—it might be—I never heard that so much as 48,000l. was to be advanced—MR. Crosby mentioned something about 7000l.—I was never in the habit of sending the prisoner cheques in blank—I never left the amount blank—I told you I always wrote the cheques, except the banker's name—the prisoner was acting as agent in the suit—I was advancing the money through him to Mr. Crosby, or any other solicitor he chose to carry on the suit—he had

the power to choose the solicitor—I believe I never authorized him to use my name at all in the suit—I think I can swear it, but I believe I did not—indeed I am almost sure I did not—I dare not go beyond that—I hare not heard from Mr. Crosby what costs there are in the suit—I have paid no money to Mr. Crosby as costs—I am not the prosecutor of this case, I am only a witness—I did not authorize the apprehension—I was not aware of it till I was informed—I learnt it from Mr. Crosby—I paid 20l. as my share of the expense of sending Mr. Crosby to France—I do not keep any cheque book, and have no margins to which I can refer for the cheques I draw—I generally mark them down in my day-book—I have not got my day-book with me—my habit is to draw cheques on plain paper.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Do you draw many cheques? A. I have drawn several—I do not know how many in a twelvemonth—I should not think I draw twenty in a year—I think I had advanced rather better than 100l. when the suggestion was made to me about the 10,000l.—the 10,000l. was not for my own private advantage—it was to be applied in ecclesiastical matters—building a church, or something—I was not to be personally benefited, except having what I had advanced—I never gave the prisoner authority to put my name to cheques, or to any instrument—these are letters which I have received from the prisoner—(looking at some.)

MR. CLARKSON
Q. Have you neighbours, acquaintances, and friends, who know you at Redditch, and the neighbourhood? A. Yes.





BENJAMIN LATCHFORD
. I am a bit-maker, and live in St. Martin's-lane. I have been acquainted with the prisoner about six years—I come from Birmingham, which is fifteen or sixteen miles from Redditch—in 1836 Mr. Crosby was my uncle's attorney—my uncle is still living—he is the proprietor of the establishment in St. Martin's-lane—he was only acquainted with the prisoner by his calling at his house for me—the prisoner was introduced to Mr. Crosby by me to carry on this inquiry—I have had dealings with him myself, and seen him write—I should say this cheque is his hand-writing—I believe it to be his—I am not quite certain when he left this country—he was in my uncle's debt when he left, between 83l. and 84l.

Cross-examined. Q. What have you seen him write? A. Some letters of different descriptions on many occasions, while he and I were acquainted, between 1836, and his leaving London, I cannot tell the time to a week—I do not keep any shop myself—I have no business of my own—I am servant to my uncle—I became acquainted with the prisoner on his coming to London in the suit I alluded to—he came and asked me if I knew one solicitor to be better than another to put it in his hands—I occasionally lent him a trifle of money, sometimes 5l., sometimes 10l., and he paid me again—that was my dealings with him—I was told I was to benefit by the Chancery suit, and he said he would make the arrangements for me—I do not recollect the amount of the share I was to have—I should think it was 400l. or 500l.





JAMES HUTCHKINS
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner on the 14th of April—he rather hesitated at first to go, saying I bad no right to take him, unless I showed ray warrant—I told him it was not required if the gentleman preferred a charge against him—I would take him, and then he walked with me to the station-house.

The cheque, dated "Mount Camel House, 2nd March, 1837," for 200l., signed, "Robert Pope," was here read, also two letters, one addressed to



"John Milward, Redditch, 4th of March, 1837," enclosing a 20l. note, stating the number to be 8133, dated 27th of January. The other was as follows:—"Giltspur-street Compter, April 18, 1840.

"REV. SIR,—I suppose that I need give myself the trouble say that I am in this prison, as you are already informed of the fact, but I humbly solicit your attention to the under-mentioned, that is, that if you wise pardon where I have transgressed, I am about to enter on a good situation, and I will pay to you quarterly, or yearly, the one half of my wages, be what they may, and my employer shall come with me, and you shall receive it from his own hands. Surely, sir, after all the suffering I have endured, you will not, with this Crosby, to try to inflict any thing further. You must received them humble and heart-rending letters which I have written you, one after the other in succession, in which you have read over the full details of my sufferings in France; and now I have scarcely held up my head; I am locked up in a prison here. Oh, I hope Almighty God will so operate on your feelings, that you shall be induced to act the merciful part. I need not remind you, that your Lord and Master Jesus Christ observed to St. Peter, "Yea, seventy and seven you must forgive. "And in my present siuation I have nothing; and if you could ever so much punish me, would you be better? No. The Lord move your heart the right way; and should I keep paying you till I die, and then be deficient, may He, in his goodness, make it up to you, and restore abundance of his mercies to your person in this world and the world to come. Amen, is my prayer.

G. ALCOCK."

"Even if you do come, I shall never believe it was your own will in so doing; and if you do, I shall forgive you, as you are injured; but remember your God, whom you serve, will not forgive you, if you cannot show mercy to your brother after all. There is one thing in my favour, that is, your money has been got from me, and I can prove it; therefore, you had ought the sooner to show me pity, after all my sufferings. I must leave it with God and yourself. If you come up here, they will force you into things you would regret. If you keep away, there is no compulsion, and it may be Mr. Crosby will bring you into something to make claims on you.
"Rev. Robert Pope, Mount Carmel House, Redditch."
(Benjamin Bullitt, shopman to Mr. Emmett, of Holborn Hill; and Thomas Stevens, carpenter, No. 58, King's-cross; deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 41.—
Strongly recommended to mercy, on account of his imprisonment in France.
—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Second Jury, Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

