




3032. The said 




JOHN GREEN
 and 




JOHN SLAYMAKER
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
2nd of Oct., 1 basket, value 1s.; and 1 bushel of damsons, 5s.; the goods of 



Gabriel Hards, the master of Green.






REBECCA WILLIAMS HARDS
. I live with my father, Gabriel Hards, a fruit-salesman in Covent-garden market, and live in Basing-place, Lambeth. About four o'clock in the afternoon of the 2nd of Oct. I was attending to my father's stall—Slaymaker was employed in the next stall—there was a sieve of damsons partly on my father's stall, and partly on the next—Slaymaker came and took up the sieve—Green was at our stall at the time, and I was at the stand outside the shop—Slaymaker put the sieve on his head, went towards Bow-street, and told Green if any one wanted him he should he back in ten minutes—I told Green I did not believe that sieve of damsons belonged to Bedell, which is the name Slaymaker goes by in the market—Green said, "O yes, it does, we have no damsons on that side"—I know we had damsons on that side—my father had permission to place his on that side—I have seen Green emptying them from there, by my father's desire—in a quarter of an hour Slaymaker returned—I asked him if he had not made a mistake in taking that sieve of damsons, as I had noticed that German sieve standing there for some time, and thought it was my father's—he said, "No, they were not, and as for German sieves, I can show you half a score down in the cellar"—the damsons are worth 5s. a bushel—Weaver's stall was shut up at the time, and no business going on—the shutters were closed.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Slaymaker was in Weaver's service? A. Yes—there were no goods outside Weaver's stalll—this sieve was just behind some tiers of baskets, on the boundary between our stall and

Weaver's—I know there were none of Weaver's on our side, and there were not any open for sale.





MARIA BOSHER
. I am the wife of Thomas Bosher, and keep a greengrocer's shop in Drury-lane. Between four and five o'clock, on the 2nd of Oct., I was in the parlour—I saw a man bringing a basket of damsons into the shop—I do not know who it was—I did not expect any damsons—I got out of my parlour to go and see, but the man was gone, leaving the damsons—I do not know Slaymaker—I could not say whether he is the man.





JOSEPH BAXTER
. I am a porter in the market. On the 2nd of Oct. I saw Slaymaker take this basket of damsons on his head—he went up Bow-street, and through Long-acre, to Bosher's shop in Drury-lane, and left them there—I have since seen the basket—it is the same.





FREDERICK JOHN JOHNSON
. I am a beadle of the market. Between four and five o'clock, on the 2nd of Oct., I saw Slaymaker go across the market, up Bow-street—I went to Bosher's shop, and found a basket of damsons there—I showed them to the prosecutor, and they were given up to him—this is the basket—I asked Slaymaker where he took the sieve of damsons to which I saw him carry up Russell-street—he said he had taken them to Bosher's, in Drury-lane, under the immediate authority of Green—I asked what he was going to receive—he said, "All I shall have will be a drop of gin or a drop of beer for my trouble."

MR. HORRY. Q. Did he use the words "immediate authority?" A. Words to that effect.





JOHN WEAVER
. I keep a stall next to the prosecutor. About four o'clock in the afternoon of the 2nd of Oct. my stall was closed for business, and had been for nearly two hours—Slaymaker had no authority to take any damsons from my stall—I had no goods at all between my stall and Mr. Hards'.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Have you not German sieves in your cellar? A. Not one of my own in my cellar or on my stand—when my stall is closed, other parties use it—Slaymaker occasionally works for other parties.





GABRIEL HARD
. I have seen the basket and some damsons—I have no doubt they are mine.
(Slaymaker received a good character; and John Fothergill, a slop-seller, gave Green a good character.)

GREEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.


SLAYMAKER—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—



Confined Six Months.

