



1499. 




JOHN FRANCIS
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 pocket-book, value 1s.; 1 pencil-case, 9d.; and 9 postage stamps, 9d.; the goods of 




Russell Ellice, from his person.






RUSSELL ELLICE
. I am a merchant—on the 4th of August I was on London-bridge, coming from Southwark, towards the City—I observed the prisoner and another man following me over the bridge—they passed me suddenly, and I observed the shorter man, who is not in custody, pass something to the prisoner—I felt my pocket, and my pocket-book was gone—it had beea in my pocket not two minutes before—the prisoner crossed the bridge—I followed, and accused him of having my pocket-book—I took bold of him—he broke from me, and ran among the carts—I followed him—he came back to the pavement, and I saw him distinctly throw the pocket-book over the bridge—I afterwards saw him taken by the policeman—the book was produced at the office—this is it—it is the one I lost—there are a few cards in it and some penny postage stamps.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Have you said before that you saw him throw the book over the bridge? A. I do not know that I have, but I saw it distinctly—I was within a yard of him—I was examined before the Magistrate—I then said, "I was following him—I saw him throw something over the bridge"—I really do not know why I did not say a pocket-book, but it was the pocket-book.





THOMAS RANDALL
. I am a hatter, and live in High-street, Oxford—I was on London-bridge—I saw the prisoner escape from Mr. Ellice's grasp—I cannot say that I saw Mr. Ellice have hold of him, but I saw his band about a yard from him—I saw the prisoner dodge between the carts and vehicles, and on reaching the opposite pavement I distinctly saw him throw some dark object over the bridge—I kept my eye on him till he was taken—I then went to the opposite side of the bridge and saw the pocket-book come floating under the bridge—I called the attention of a waterman to it—he picked it up, and brought it in a wet state to the office.





WILLIAM JOHN GROVE
. I am apprentice to a waterman—about twelve

o'clock on the 4th of August I was rowing under London-bridge—I had rty attention called to an object—I did not see it at first, but I rowed about atrd found this pocket-book.





THOMAS WINCH
 (police-constable M 40.) I saw the prisoner near me and took him—I did not know what it was for till the prosecutor came and said it was a pocket-book—I took the prisoner to the station, and Grove brought the pocket-book, which the prosecutor identified.




GUILTY
 † Aged 39.—


Transported for Seven Years.

