



1364. 




JAMES SMITH
 was indicted

for bigamy.


MR. HORRY
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN COZENS
. I am a yeoman, and live at Charmouth, in Dorsetshire. I know the prisoner, and was present at his marriage at Lyme Regis, to Susan Hore—I produce a certificate of the marriage, which I examined at the clerk's house—it is correct—I knew the prisoner before his marriage by the name of Thomas Powell—(read—married 15th June, 1880)—the prisoner is the person here named—I saw Susan Hore alive this morning.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did you see this certificate copied? A. No—I examined both this and the book—I had seen Susan Hore before her marriage, and I was acquainted with the prisoner—I never heard but that he lived comfortably with his first wife—I do not know whether he had any children—she made no complaint against him to me.





ANN WINDYBANK
. I was servant to Mr. Williams, of Harley-street, Tavistock-square. I first knew the prisoner about the beginning of February—he represented himself as a guard of the London and Birmingham Railway Company—he said his salary was 2l. a week—I was married to him on the 1st of May, at All Saints Church, Paddington, in the name of James Smith—we went to live at No. 7, Chapel-street, Pentonville, and lived together four weeks—he then pawned my clothes and left me.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you not get introduced to his friends? A. No—he said he had not any in London, they were all in the country—I had not been told that he was married—I was not met one day, when in company with him, by Mrs. Gall, who told me that he bad got a wife—I do not know Mrs. Gall.

Q. Were you not told one day by a woman, that he had a wife, and she would tell his wife, and you said you liked him all the better? A. No, sir—he slept away one night, and told me he was going into the country for a situation—I swear I never heard from any one, either man or woman, that he was a married man, till I took these steps to prosecute him—I have been in service ever since I was ten years old—I never had a child—I swear that solemnly—I never saw Mrs. Gall before—(looking at her)—I swear she did not tell me she would acquaint the prisoner's wife—no woman ever told me that he was married.





JOHN ARCHER
 (police-sergeant G 8.) I took the prisoner at the residence

of his former wife, which is within the jurisdiction of this Court—I told him what he was charged with—he said he defied us to prove it—he gave the name of Thomas Powell Smith at the station—I produce the certificate of the last marriage.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you examine it with the original at the church? A. I did—I will swear it is correct—(read—the prisoner was described as a bachelor.)




GUILTY
. Aged 45.—


Transported for Seven Years.

