



188. 




EDWARD JONES
 was indicted

 for feloniously (with two others) assaulting 



John Henry Whiteman, and putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, a breast-pin, value 2l., his property.






JOHN HENRY WHITEMEN
. I am an engraver, and live at No. 92, Wardour-street, Soho. On the 23rd of Oct., about a quarter to twelve o'clock at night, I was going along Great Russell-street, Covent-garden—I had got a far as the corner of Brydges-street, and as I was walking along I was accosted by a female—I did not stop to speak to her—I went on—when I had got a few yards, I noticed three men—I can recognise the prisoner as one of them—the men jostled me, and the prisoner thrust against me in a manner that I took fora blow—the female at that moment cried out, "He has taken your pin, Sir"—I felt my stock directly after, and missed my pin—I had noticed it a few minutes previously—it was a gold pin, with a white stone and chain to it—there were two pins connected by a chain—one was left in my scarf—the chain was broken close to the smaller pin—I immediately gave an alarm to the police—the men ran down Brydges-street—I saw the prisoner stopped I had not lost sight of him—he merely ran round the cabs—I had made such observation of him when he pushed against me as to be sure he was one of the threes—there was a gas-light where I was attacked—I saw him sufficiently

well to speak confidently of him—the pin was worth about 2l.—the officer has the smaller pin—I have not recovered the other.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you state next morning that I was one of the persons to the best of your belief? A. I swore positively you were one of the three—I might walk about a dozen yards with the female who accosted me—I never stopped when she accosted me, I merely said I wished to go home—I was walking at a rapid pace—I did not lose sight of you—you were stopped about thirty yards from where I was robbed—the female did not come up and identify you—she gave the alarm immediately—I was quite sober—you all three ran away as fast as you could—I might probably have come up to you before the policeman, and held my stick at you, and I might hare struck you in the excitement—I did not notice whether Drury-lane theatre was over or not—I do not recollect asking, "Are you one of the men?"—I was not in company with the female—she spoke to me as 1 walked rapidly on.





GEORGE HARRISON
 (police-constable F 150.) On the night of the 23rd of Oct. I was on duty in Brydges-street, Covent-garden—I heard a cry of "Police!" and saw the prisoner run behind the cabs, as if from die corner, on the left side of Brydges-street, as though he ran oat of Russell-street—he ran down to the lower pillar of Drury-lane theatre—I caught hold of him—the prosecutor came up and stated that he had lost a pin—I took the prisoner to the station, but found nothing upon him relating to this charge.

COURT. Q. Did he appear to be running? A. Yes, I saw him run right round the cabs, and as soon as he saw me and another constable be stood still—all I could get from him was abusive language.

MR. WHITEMAN
re-examined. The prisoner told me at the station that I had got the pin in my stock—that was the smaller pin—I believe he crossed Brydges-street from the right-hand side—Brydges-street runs into Great Russell-street—he came out of Russell-street into Brydges-street—the cabs were five or six feet from the left-hand side oi the street—I did not see what became of the other two men—they ran down Brydges-street, and the prisoner ran round the cabs,

Prisoner's Defence. Is it not likely, if he was in company with this female, that she should take the pin; and then, to screen herself, say one of those men took the pin? If she was an honest woman, would she not have come the small distance of thirty yards to see about it, for these females are generally very fond of setting into any bother or any row?




GUILTY
.** Aged 22—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

