



2352. 




THOMAS COOPER
 was indicted

 for uttering counterfeit coin. he having been before convicted of a like offence.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
ESPINASSE Conducted the prosecution.





CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to the Royal mint—I produce an examined copy of the record of the conviction of Thomas. Cooper at this Court, at the October Sessions, 1836—I have examined it with the original—it is correct—(read.)





THOMAS GREEN
. I am now in the service of Mr. Rawling, of Noble-street. I was in the police in 1836, and was present at the trial of the prisoner—I took him into custody on that occasion, and I came here to prove a conviction against him in 1838, in the Old Court.





PETER HENDERSON
. I keep a chandler's shop in Fox-court, Gray's Inn-lane. Between seven and eight to o'clock in the evening, on the 7th of July,

the prisoner came to buy 1d. worth of bread and 1d. worth of cheese—he gave me a bad shilling in payment—I gave him change before I saw it was bad, and put the shilling on a shelf under a bottle—at last I nailed it to the counter—on the 19th he came again—my wife was in the shop and served him—I said, "That is the man who gave me a bad shilling some time ago, look what he has given you"—he then ran away—I ran after him, and caught him—he bad got about twenty yards before I was out of the shop—I took him about 200 yards off—I said he was the man who gave me a bad shilling—he said I must be mistaken, I could not mean him—he opened his hand and the crown piece was in it—he said he had only been in the shop once.





SARAH HENDERSON
. I am the witness's wife. On the 19th of August, the prisoner came into our shop, and asked for a bottle of blacking—I handed him one of Day and Martin's 6d. bottles—he gave me a crown piece—I gave him a half-crown, and two shillings—it was good money—I noticed the half-crown was a new one, one of the present Queen's reign—upon my giving it him he said, did I charge 6d. for a bottle, of blacking?—I said, "Yes," and told him there were no smaller ones of Day and Martin's—he said he thought there were threepenny bottles—I said there were threepenny ones of Russell and Warren's—he said he did not know what he should do about it—I said, "If you don't like it you can leave it"—he said it was for a friend of his—he hesitated about taking it, and went as far as the door, then turned back, and said, "Well, I won't here it"—he said, "Give me my crown-piece back again, and I will give you the change"—he gave me a bad half-crown, and two shillings back—my husband said, "Sarah, look what money he has given you, that it the man who gave me a bad shilling last Sunday week"—he then ran away, and my husband jumped over the ceunter after him—I looked at the half-crown—I afterwards gave it to the policeman—this is it—it is of the reign of George the Third.





CHARLES ELLIOTT
 (police-constable G 132.) On the 19th of August, I was called to Mr. Henderson's—he pointed out this shilling nailed on the counter—I took it up—I also produce this half-crown—I took the prisoner—he said the next morning it was a pity he should be transported for another man's crime—I found on him a crown-piece, and 4d. in half-pence—he said he never was there before Friday evening.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Mint—this shilling and half-crown are both counterfeit.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.
