




302. 




WILLIAM ROLFE
 and 



JAMES REEVES
 were indicted

 for stealing 1 coffee-pot, value 25l., the goods of 



John Henry Tatham, in his dwelling-house.






JANE WEEKS
. I am kitchen-maid to Mr. John Henry Tatham, of Cornwall-terrace, Regent's-park. On Tuesday, the 28th of Nov., about twentyfive minutes to one o'clock, I was in the cellar in the area, and met Rolfe coming out of the passage door of the house leading from the pantry and kitchen—he had got something in a pocket-handkerchief—I could tell that it was something bright—I went and spoke to the housekeeper and butler, who went to the pantry—I followed him, and missed the coffee-pot, which I had seen there at half-past ten in the morning—I had been in the house all the morning—nobody could have come into the passage without my seeing them—I had seen nobody but Rolfe—I was about that part all that morning—when I left the kitchen I left the butler and housekeeper there—I was only absent about three minutes.

Rolfe. Q. When you came to the station what did you say? A. I said, "That is the man"—the policeman did not say it must be you—he said nothing to me, nor did he lake me outside and speak privately to me.





WILLIAM DAVIES GARROOD
. I am butler to Mr. Tatham. I left the pantry about half-past twelve o'clock, and left the coffee-pot in the cupboard—I went to the cellar, then to the kitchen, and answered the drawing-room bell, and returned to the kitchen—I had been four or five minutes from the pantry—Weeks gave me information—I went into the pantry, and missed the coffeepot—I had seen the prisoner Reeves in front of the house two or three days before that, standing in front of the house, on the other side of the way.





EDMUND CALLACHAN
 (police-constable D 134.) On Wednesday, the 29th of Nov., I met both the prisoners in Lisson-grove together—I had Information about this, and, from the description, I knew Rolfe was the person—I told him he must go with me to the station—Reeves then ran away, saying, "I will go and let Carry know"—Rolfe said, "Tell her to send me some tea"—as I took him along, heaaked what I wanted him for—I said, "For a robbery in Regent's-park"—I fetched Weeks to the station—she immediately said that was the man—I went with Hawkins that night to Steven-street, and found Reeves in bed—he said, "Why did you not take me before?"

Rolfe. Q. Did not you call Weeks aside before she said it was me? A. No—she did not say at any time that she only thought it was you.






CHARLES HAWKER
 (policeman.) On the 29th Nov. I went with Callaghan to Steven-street, and took Reeves—I took a pocket-handkerchief off his neck at the station—he refused to give it me two or three times, and I took it by force—I have seen the prisoners several times in Regent's-park.





JANE WEEKS

re-examined. This handkerchief is the same colour and pattern, and I believe it to be the one Rolfe had.





JOHN ROSS
. I live in Great James-street, Lisson-grove. On Wednesday night, the first week in December, I was in the station-house, detained as a witness in a case—Rolfe was there—he told me the woman could swear to him for the coffee-pot, but could not swear to Reeves, because he was outside—he said he was sure to go this time, for there was a former conviction against him—I said, "They are looking after the coffee-pot"—he said, "Five minutes after we told it it was swimming"—I am not in prison now, nor charged with any offence—I was admitted a witness against others in a case in which I was concerned.

Rolfe. Q. Did not you rob your master? A. No—I should have robbed him if I took your advice—I did not tell you a policeman offered me a sovereign for everybody he could transport, nor that they urged me to come against Barrett and another.

Rolfe's Defence. I was at home with my father and mother on the night of the robbery; it is a made-up job by the policeman; he persuaded this girl to swear to me; she at first said she thought it was me.

Reeves's Defence. Every word said about me is false; Ross has been tried for stealing linen; that handkerchief was given to me.

ROLFE—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.


REEVES—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Baron Alderson.

