



1286.* 




GEORGE JONES
 was indicted

for stealing 38 yards of satin, value 19l., the goods of 



William Daniel Owen, in his dwelling-house; and that ie had been before convicted of felony.






JOSEPH SAVAGE
. I am shopman to Mr. William Daniel Owen, of Great Coram-street. It is his dwelling-house—he does not live in it himself, tort his assistants and servants do—it is in the parish of St. George, Bloomsbury—Mr. Owen has a bed-room there, and sleeps there occasionally—he is a linen-draper—on the 26th of May, about half-past eight o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came into the shop with another man—the prisoner walked to the further end of the counter—I was in the window when he came in—I went round the counter to him—the other man and the prisoner were together—the other asked for some green silk, to make a shade—I sold him ft quarter of a yard—he asked for tome ribbon—I went to get it, and wh"ti came back I saw they were rather uneasy—I began making out the bill, and they both stood up—the other man stood between me and the prisoner—I said, "I wish to see what that gentleman (meaning the prisoner) has under his cloak"—I suspected he had something—he had then gone a little way from the counter or table—he had receded back—after I addressed him a second time he replaced this piece of satin upon the table—he had taken it from the shelves—I did not see him take it, but I saw the place where it had been taken from—I saw him put the satin and his cloak upon the table, and when he took his cloak up there was the piece of satin—I could not see him put the satin upon the table—I saw the cloak lifted up, and then I saw the satin—I swear the satin was not there before he put the cloak down—I called another shopman, and he came—I told him, in the prisoner's hearing, that that gentleman had had a piece of satin under his cloak—the prisoner said it was a mistake—he kept continually saying the same till they got to the door, and then he and the other man ran away in different directions—the other man gave me half-a-crown to pay for what he bought, which came to 7 1/2 d.—he did not wait for his change—I pursued the prisoner—he ran to the Colonnade in Brunswick-square—I was returning home and met an officer,

who took him—I know this satin is Mr. Owen's—there are sixty-eight yards of it—it had been kept upon the shelves—after I saw it upon the table I looked up to the shelves and missed it from there—it was a table I was serving at—he could get at the shelves by going round.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long had it been from the shelves? A. I do not suppose five minutes—I had seen it on the shelves the night previous—the prisoner had bought nothing in the shop—he had no: change to take—I waited on them directly they came in—they came in, perhaps not exactly together—I will swear I aaw them—I did not hear* word spoken between them—I have no doubt that when they came in this satin was on the shelves—I did not see it—I had not seen it that day—it is the duty of Plant to put the goods up in their place—he is not here.





JOHN MIDDLETON
 (police-constable E 95.) On the morning of the 26th of May I was called to a house in the Colonnade. I searched, and found the prisoner in a very dark cellar, standing with his face to the wall—I took him Ux the station.





WILLIAM DAVIS
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court, on two indictments—(read—Convicted on the 21st of Aug. 1843, confined on the first indictment nine months, and on the second, nine months more,) the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.

