



979. 




ROBERT WITHAM
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Lucy Fox, about twelve o'clock in the night of the 
20th of February, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 9lbs. weight of cheese, value 6s. 9d.; 6lbs. weight of bacon, value 8s. 6d.; 5 loaves of bread, value 2s.; 1 1/2 lb. weight of butter, value 1s. 6d. 2oz. weight of tobacco, value 6d.; 1 yard of baize, value 6d.; 1 knife, value 1s.; 1 sixpence, 3 pence, 9 halfpence, and 8 farthings; the property of the said 



Lucy Fox.






LUCY FOX
. I am a widow, and live at Woodford-bridge, in the parish of Woodford, with my two nieces. I keep a chandler's shop—on Saturday night, the 20th of February, about twelve o'clock, I retired to bed—I had shut up my little shop—it does not lock, but shuts with a latch inside, and cannot be opened outside—the shop adjoins my house—I got up about seven o'clock the next morning—I was informed a pane of glass had been cut out, and the inner screw taken out, which would enable a person to open the window and get in—I missed the cheese and bacon, and the other things stated—it appeared as if somebody had been in the place and ransacked it—the drawers were open, the till was taken out and set on the

counter, and the money stated taken from it—I have seen the property since—it had the appearance of being mine.





MARY JOHNSON
. I live with my aunt, Mrs. Fox—I retired to bed about twelve o'clock—I was the first that came down the next morning—the shop was then broken open, and the property gone—I had not heard any one in the night.





SUSANNAH FISH
. I recollect the prisoner coming to me on the Sunday morning, between nine and half-past nine o'clock; he tendered me some farthings—I thought they were bad, he said they were good—he gave me eight farthings, and asked me to give him 2d. for them, which I did—I marked one of the farthings—this is it.





MARY JOHNSON

re-examined. I missed some farthings from the till, I cannot say how many—I know two of these farthings produced by Mrs. Fish—I offered them in the shop on the Friday, and Saturday they were refused as being bad.





GEORGE FORTUNE
 (police-sergeant K 42.) I traced the footsteps to the back of Mrs. Fox's premises—I had suspicion of the prisoner, and compared his shoes with the footsteps—they corresponded exactly, nail to nail.





JAMES WHITE
 (police-sergeant K 13.) I compared the prisoner's shoes with the marks with George Fortune—the property was found concealed in a dunghill; it was in a putrid state, and could not be produced—the prosecutrix saw it.




GUILTY of Stealing only. Aged 31.—


Transported for Seven Years.
