



1809. 




GEORGE DEANE
 was again indicted

 for stealing 1 plane, value 7s. 1 oil-stone, 6s.; 1 pair of pincers, 2s.; 1 oil-can, 1s.; 1 hammer, 18d.; 1 pair of compasses, 2s.; 6 gimlets, 2s.; 1 mallet, 1s; 1 spok-shave, 1s.; 1 screw-driver, 6d.; 1 basket, 18d.; 2 samplers, 3s.; and 36 printed books, 3s.; the goods of 



Charles Holmes.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY HOLMES.
 I am the wife of Charles Holmes, a carpenter, of No. 15, Fashion-street, Spitalfields. On Thursday, the 10th of June, the prisoner came with Mrs. Cowan, who lives close by me, to look at the lodging, to see if it was comfortable—she said it was for her nephew, who had just come from sea that he was in liquor, but I must excuse she said, as it was the first day he had come from sea—he appeared to be in liquor, and sat down and slept for an hour and a half—it was then getting towards bed-time, and I told my husband to awaken him—he shook him, and said we were going to bed—he awoke, and said he must have something to eat, and he had some supper—he said he had got no money, but should have to receive 300l. or 400l. the next day, and what he had he would pay for—he said he was in habit of having liquor, and he must have some rum—I fetched some rum, which I paid for, and he drank it—he then wanted some more rum—I said I had no more money—he said, "Show me the house and I will get it"—I said we had not gone on credit, but he went and got a quartern and a half, drank it, and went to bed—on the Friday morning he came down at breakfast-time—he had breakfast and new laid eggs—he then went to his friend who had brought him to me—my husband asked him if he should go with him to get his money; but he said, "If I do I must be paid; my family depend on me"—the prisoner said, "I will pay you double"—he went out and did not come for my husband—he came back in the evening, and said only the common men were paid that day—he had his supper and went to bed—the next morning he had his breakfast, and my husband was going to the place with him—he said, "I want a plane and a chisel to do a little job; I shall not be more then tem minutes"—my husband said, "Take the basket of tools"—he took them, and went into the public-house—he did not return—we saw no more of him—my husband was standing still for weeks for want of his tools, and could not do a bit of work—after the prisoner was gone, I went into the room in which he had slept and missed the articles which the officer found on the prisoner—these are my little boy's Missionary books—the prisoner asked my little boy to lend him them, as he knew every part they spoke of, and he put them into his pocket and took them away with him—these samplers were in a box in that room, and they were gone—the tools have not been found—they were about 30s.





CHARLES HOLMES.
 I have heard what my wife has said—it is all true—I can swear to these books.






HENRY KNOWLES
 (City policeman, 623.) I took the prisoner on the 12th of June—I found on him these samplers and books—he said he picked them up in the street—one of the coast-guard is here from Woolwich, to identify the prisoner—the prisoner has got his jacket on now.




GUILTY. Aged 33.—


Transported for Ten Years.

