



911. 




HENRY PRITCHARD



, stealing 3 brooches, value 2l.; the goods of 



Edward Burrows; having been before convicted.






CATHERINE BURROWS
 I am the wife of Edward Burrows, of 36, King's-road, East Chelsea, a silversmith and jeweller. About four o'clock, on Saturday afternoon I left my shop in charge of my little girl, and went to attend to the other children—my husband was out—about a quarter of an hour before I went out of the shop, I had seen the brooches in a glass-case on the counter—as soon as I left the shop, a boy came in, and made some

inquiry, and almost immediately after I saw the prisoner go from the shop door—my little girl told me something at the same time, in consequence of which I followed the prisoner, and took him—he said he had nothing belongging to me; he would strike me unless I let him go—I held, and gave him into custody—I went to the glass-case, and missed three brooches, worth 2l.—they have not since been found.

Prisoner. Q. Did you lose sight of me from the time I left the door? A. No; You were about fifty yards off when I took you—you passed between some persons who made no resistance—some one said I had no business to hold you—you tried to get away, and to strike me off—the other boy was seen to speak to you, and then you went into the shop.

COURT.
Q. He passed through other persons? A. Yes; they allowed him to pass—as soon as he stopped, they closed round him.





EMMA BURROWS.
 I am nine years old, and an daughter of the last witness. On Saturday afternoon I was left in the shop—a boy came in, and asked if we wanted an errand-boy—as soon as he was gone out, the prisoner came in—I am quite sure of him—he asked me to let him look at a watch in the window—I said I would call my mother, and while I went round to call her, he opened the glass-case, took something out, and put it into his pocket—he then said, "Never mind, do not call your mother;" and went away—my mother, who was at the side door, ran after him and caught him—I afterwards saw the boy speak to the prisoner.





PATRICK HAMILL
 (policeman, B 134.) I received charge of the prisoner from Mrs. Burrows.

Prisoner. Q. Was there not a large hole in the glass? A. yes; there was a book covered over it.





EDWARD BURROWS.
 There are eight panes of glass—it opens from the inner part of the counter—the one broken was next to the customer, and the brooches were at the back part—it is impossible for any one to reach from there to the back part.

Prisoner's Defence. I did not take the brooches; I had nothing on me; when she called me I went towards her; I did not run away.





FRANCIS MORRIS.
 I produce a certificate—9read—henry hodges, convicted June, 1845, and confined fourteen days)—I was present—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

