




72. 




WILLIAM JEFFREYS
 and 



THOMAS MANNING
 were indicted for

 stealing, at 
St. Luke, Chelsea, 20 forks, value 10l.; 20 spoons, 10l.; and 2 sauce ladles, 2l.; the goods of 



Richard Bloxam, in his dwelling-house; and that Jeffreys had been before convicted of felony.


MESSRS, BODKIN and DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES DIGWEED
. I am footman to Mr. Richard Bloxam, who lives at No. 40, Cadogan-place. It is his dwelling-house. On Saturday, the 11th of Nov., I took the plate in a basket up stairs into the dining-room between live and six o'clock, I put what had not been used into a basket, and took it down into the pantry between seven and eight o'clock, and about eight there was a knock at the front door in Cadogan-place—I answered the knock, and found a person there who asked for a Captain Atkins, who has been dead some time—the man went away on my answering the question—in about a quarter of an hour, or twenty minutes there was another knock—I was in the kitchen at the time—there was a light in the pantry—it was rather a loud knock, and could be heard through the house—I went into the area, and answered the person, and found a man there who said he had a message for me—I went part of the way up the area steps—he then said I was not the person—I believe it was the prisoner Manning—he hnd a dark coat on, and a cap—he said it was a dark young man he wanted to see—I told him to go to No. 42, I thought there was a dark young man there—Eliza Simpson was in the kitchen at the time the knock came—I did not see her while I was talking to

Manning—the kitchen looks out into the area—the pantry is at the back of the house, and the kitchen in front—you get into an open yard at the back of the house, through a back door, and then there is a washhouse at the end of the yard—there is a wall dividing the yard from Cadogan-mews—there is a door in the wall, which is kept locked and bolted inside—I had locked and bolted the door the day before, and taken the key into the drawing-room—I sleep in the pantry—I did not miss the plate till next morning—there were twenty forks, twenty spoons, and two sauce ladles all silver, worth upwards of 20l.—I went into the back yard leading to the mews, and found the door in the wall was pulled to—the bolts had been drawn, and the door unlocked—I observed foot marks near the door, in the inside—they appeared to have been made over-night—they were about two feet from the door, such as might be made by a man dropping from the wall, which is about eight and a half feet high outside, and about ten feet inside, the ground being lower—on the next night, Sunday, Manning was brought to the house in custody—I thought he was the person who had come on Saturday night.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How far is the yard door from the mews? A. It is close to the mews—it is twenty-eight yards from the pantry to the back door leading to the mews—my attention had not been called to the yard after the Friday before—it was Sunday morning that I missed the plate—I had been in the yard on Friday to let a box out—I did not tread on the mould—it is close to the wall—the footmarks were about two feet from the wall—a person dropping from the wall would drop on the mould—I had put the plate in the pantry cupboard in the basket when I heard the knock—the cupboard was not locked—I did not lock the pantry door on going to answer the knock, and did not look to see if it was all right on my return—I had no suspicion—I missed it between eight and nine o'clock on Sunday morning—I have not found any of it.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILDE. Q. You do not intend to swear that it was Manning you saw? A. No—I believe it was him by his cap and coat—there are four servants—they knew where the key of the back door was—I was not told that Manning was coming on Sunday night—I was asked if I thought he was the man.

MR. DOANE. Q. Are there stone steps to the mews door? A. Yes—I did not walk on the mould, but on the steps when I let the box out.





ELIZA SIMPSON
. I am servant to Mr. Bloxam. I heard the first knock at the door about eight o'clock, but did not go out—there was a second knock, very loud one—I arose from the chair, and went to the area door to tell the footman I thought the person the man was inquiring about was at No. 42—I heard the conversation between them, and caught a slight glimpse of the person—on the Sunday when Manning was brought, I heard him speak before I saw him, and recognized it to be the voice of the same person who was in conversation with the footman on Saturday—I saw on Saturday that he had a cap on with a leather front—Jeffreys lived as groom to Mr. Bloxam for about three months, and left in May, 1841—he came into the house, and occasionally had his meals in the house, and knew where the plate was kept—when we had company, he assisted in waiting—he occasionally went through the back gate into the mews, and had the key to open it.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know whether Mr. Bloxam gave him a good character? A. No.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILDE. Q. You never heard the voice before? A. No—I heard all the conversation as I sat in the front kitchen.

COURT. Q. Was there anything remarkable in the voice? A. Yes, it was rather a soft voice, and he answered the same on Sunday evening when questioned.






EDMUND FARGENS
, commission traveller, Victoria-cottages, East, Mile-end-road. On Saturday evening, the 20th of Nov., I went to Cadogan-mews, and was waiting there while a friend, who wat with me, was gone to receive an account—while waiting I saw the prisoner Jeffreys standing by the backdoor leading from Mr. Bloxam's yard to the mews—I have pointed the door out to the policeman—I was on the opposite side of the way—I saw him standing there from first to last, I should think more than twenty minutes—I left where I was standing, and went to the end of the mews for a glass of porter—I was absent about five minutes, then returned, and walked up and down the mews—Jeffreys was gone then—it wat eight o'clock in the evening—I saw him again, two or three minutes after, come out of Mr. Bloxam's door leading from the yard into the mews, with a parcel under his arm, which knocked against the post or aide of the wall, and made a jingling sound like glass—he went away—(he had nothing when I first saw him)—I afterwards saw a paragraph in the newspaper, in consequence of which I went and gave information of what I had seen.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Where did you go to? A. To the police-station—I think it was in the "Times," I saw the account about the Wednesday after—I have goods consigned to me for sale—I do not keep a warehouse or shop—there is no number to my house—I am a housekeeper—I have silks, worsted, and cigars consigned to me—the last consignment was about the 14th of Nov., about 200lbs. weight of snuff—it was from various persons—I do not know always who it comes from—not the owner—I have samples sent, and have nothing to do with the goods—I have had consignments from Woodey, of London-terrace, Hackney-road, a snuff-manufacturer—-the samples sent on the 14th of Nov. were from Atkins, of Shoreditch, who has since become a bankrupt—I never had a consignment of plate or jewellery—I buy and sell for myself as well—I made several purchases last week—I keep no bankers—I keep a book, a small memorandum-book for orders, and may have had it three or four months—I object to state what has been my largest dealings—I had some silk to sell fonr months ago for Mr. R—, of Globe-road—he keeps a factory, mills, and machines.

MR. BODKIN. Q. You were formerly in the tobacco business? A. Yes, in Brunswick-street, Hackney-road—I have lived nine months where I do now—the prisoners are strangers to me.

COURT. Q. Did you know Jeffreys before? A. I never saw him before—I saw him in custody, I think, on the Wednesday after—he was among eight or ten others—I was told to identify him, which I did—I believe Day, the policeman, was presents—he was not pointed out to me—I selected him from the others—there is a gas-light in the mews opposite at the beer-shop, a little on one side, and one, two, or three doors from Mr. Bloxam's gate.





JAMES DAY
 (police-constable B 65.) I had information of this robbery, and, in consequence of that, took both the prisoners into custody in Old Pye-street, Westminster, on Sunday the 12th, about four o'clock in the afternoon, in company together, walking down the street—I found on Jeffreys 1l. 18s. 10d., and on Manning 1l. 5s. 0 1/2 d.—I have a cap which Manning wore when I took him—I went to the back wall of Mr. Bloxam's house in the mews on the Sunday, and saw some impressions of two footmarks on the mould in the yard—there were marks on the wall where they had come over—they had then dropped from the wall into the yard on the mould—it was the marks of one person but two feet, about the same depth—there were other footmarks, merely slight impressions, as if the person had made them in walking off—the two nearest the wall were the deepest, and the wall had the appearance of scratching where the person would come down to drop where the foot-marks

were—on Sunday night I took a boot off Jeffreys's right foot, and made another mark by the side of the mark—it appeared to correspond—the examination before the Magistrate was on Monday the 13th—they were remanded three times—I met Fargens on Wednesday in the Broadway—he went with me to Queen-square office—Jeffreys was brought out with eight or ten other people, and he pointed him out.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you been in Court listening to what Fargens has proved? A. I have been in Court, but not listening—I mentioned about comparing the footmarks before the Magistrate on the 13th—I first mentioned about Fargen's seeing Jeffreys with others just now.





HENRY JAMES DARKIN
. I produce a certificate of Jeffreys' former conviction from the clerk of the peace of the Middlesex Sessions—(read)—I was present at the trial—he is the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. What are you? A. An ostler—I was potman at the Rising Sun when this happened—it is nine or ten months ago.

JEFFREYS—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


MANNING—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Justice Coltman.

