




1477. 




WILLIAM FULLER, alias
 Taylor

, and 




THOMAS RILEY
, were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Frankom, about one in the night of the 
2nd of May, at 
St. Mary, White-chapel, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 cloak, value 105.; 1 pair of boots, 10s.; 1 shawl, 3s.; 1 candlestick, 1s.; 3lbs. weight of tobacco, 9s.; 1 pair of ear-rings, 10s.; 1 toothpick, 5s.; 2 stilettos, 6d.; 1 pair of scissors, 1s.; 1 tobacco-box, 1s.; 1 bottle, 3d.; 1 1/2 pintof brandy, 8s.; 9 halfpence, and 39 farthings, his property. 2nd Count, for burglariously breaking out of the said dwelling-house.







JOSEPH PRICE
 (police-constable H 15.) About four o'clock in the morning of the 3rd of May, I met the prisoners in Rose-lane, Spitalfields—Fuller was drunk, and Riley was leading him—I went up to them in George-yard, and asked Riley if he knew Fuller—he said he did, he was his brother—he was then lying on the ground—I saw this stiletto projecting out of Fuller's trowsers—I told Riley I should take Fuller to the station, for being drunk—he said I should not—I then went to remove the instrument from his pocket, and found there a pearl knife, tobacco-box, silver tooth-pick, a silver scissors-sheath, one coral ear-ring, a pearl stiletto, thirty-nine farthings, and nine half-pence—I told another constable to secure Riley, which he did—I found in his pocket a brass candlestick, a pair of boots, one in each pocket, a shawl in his breast, and a ladies' cloak between his shirt, waistcoat, and trowsers—I took them both to the station—I found in Riley's hat, 3lbs. weight of tobacco—he had a bottle under his arm, which I believe contained rum—I proceeded to the place where he gave his address, Blue Anchor-yard, Rosemary-lane, I made inquiry and found the side-door of the George the Fourth, Rosemary-lane, was found open about four o'clock in the morning—that is about half a mile from where I found the prisoners—I found the landlord standing inside—he accompanied me to the station, and identified the property I found on both prisoners—Riley said the boots were his own, the cloak was his wife's, and the tobacco his brother's, meaning Fuller, who he said was a tobacconist and cigar manufacturer—the prosecutor's house is in the parish of St. Mary, Whitechapel.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Riley had been drinking? A. Yes, they were rolling along together—Fuller could neither speak nor walk.





JOHN FRANKOM
. I keep the George the Fourth, in Rosemary-lanr—I was the last person up—I secured the house about half-past eleven o'clock, and went to bed about half-past twelve—at a quarter to five in the morning I was alarmed by the policeman—I found the side-door, which leads from my bar into a court, open, and the policeman in the house—there were no marks on the door—there were no lodgers in the house—the prisoners might have secreted themselves in the tap-room chimney—I had fastened the door before I went to bed with two bolts and a lock—I missed some tobacco, copper money, and spirits from the bar and parlour—the articles produced are all mine—I have seen Riley in the house, but I do not recollect seeing him there that night.

Cross-examined. Q. You have a good deal of business? A. Sometimes—it was very full that night—I did not drink with any of my customers—I drank alone—I shut and bolted that particular door that night—I did not omit to fasten it—I know nothing about Riley, only seeing him once or twice in the house—the door has a bolt and lock—there is no bar across—I looked about the house before I went to bed—the chimney is large enough for three or four persons to hide—there is a little projt ction where they might sit very easily—when I came down I found a fire lighted in the tap-room—it was out when I went to bed—I know the boots—they are cut in the front, and very much worn at one side—the pearl paper-knife has a little speck on it—the cloak is my wife's—it has a patch on it.





RICHARD MAHONEY
. I am a policeman. I tried the door of the prosecutor's house, between twelve and one o'clock, it was quite fast then—a little before five I touched it, it gave way and went open—I gave an alarm—I

know the prisoners—I had seen them together between ten and eleven that night, down by the King of Prussia, Blue Anchor-yard, about 30 rods from the prosecutors'.





JOSEPH PRICE

re-examined. There was no appearance about the prisoners of their having been up a chimney.

FULLER*—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.)

RILEY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.






Transported for Ten Years.

