








1234. 




PHILIP PHILLIPS,



 WILLIAM TEDGELL,


 JAMES HUR-LEY



RICHARD DAVIS,


 GEORGE HANKINS
, and 




HENRY CAMP-BELL



, were indicated for a robbery on 



John Railey, and putting him in fear, and stealing from his person I watch, value 5l., his goods; and striking, beating, and using other personal violence towards him; and that Tedgell and Campbell had been before convicted of felony.



MR. BALDWIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN RAILEY
. I am a seafaring man. On Saturday morning, the 1st of May, I left my lodgings about half-past eleven o'clock, and went down Pennington-street, and was told there was a procession of charity children expected in Gravel-lane—I walked with them as far as the church door, in St. George's-in-the-East—I saw them go into the church-gates—there was a great crowd—after they got into the gates I was going home, and making my way through the crowd I saw a man, who was the prisoner Phillips, coming towards me in great haste, and the prisoner Tedgell following him—Phillips came right against me in front, pressed very hard against my waistcoat-pocket where my watch was—at the same time I heard a snap, and felt my watch go from me—the guard was round my neck—that was not broken, but the watch was broken from the guard—I felt the snatch which broke it from the guard, and saw it in Phillips' hand—I directly seized him, and called the police, but no policeman coming near I had to struggle with him for ten minutes—not a single policeman came up for ten minutes—at the time I saw the watch in Phillips' hand I saw the prisoner Campbell on my left-hand side, and Tedgdll on my right, rather before me—this was while I was struggling—Campbell had hold of Phillips' arm, trying to rescue him from me—Tedgell struck me on the arm several times—Campbell attempted to make a blow at my head, and knocked off Phillips' hat—Campbell said, "You have got hold of the wrong man; he is a gentleman"—there were a number of them about me at the time—I cannot identify either of the other prisoners, but they were striking me in all directions—Phillips's waistcoat tore, and he got away from me—I followed him down Cannon-street, across the highway, and never lost sight of him till he was stopped—my watch was found on the spot where the struggle took place—the watch produced is it—it was found with the glass broken.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. There was a great crowd? A. Yes—there was no shuffling or bustling till Phillips came up—I was on the pavement—the children were in the road—I was at the last part of the children, and there was not a great crowd there—there was in the street—the officers made way for them, but did not make any confusion—everything went off very quietly—there was no crowd where I stood—a woman stood next to me with two children—I was not pushed backwards and forwards in the least till this happened, I was in a very comfortable spot—nobody was pushed against me—this was done suddenly—I swear Phillips was not pushed against me—Tedgell was behind him, he pushed him—there was nobody else behind him at the time—I was making my way out of the crowd, and Phillips came right across me, in a great hurry, and the moment he came to me I felt the pressure against my waistcoat-pocket, and heard the snap—I was looking directly in his face—I saw him coming towards me—I did not turn rounds to see Phillips—he was right before me—I looked at my waistcoat pocket, and saw the watch in his hand—I took hold of him before he had time to put it in his pocket.

COURT. Q. Had you ever seen Tedgell before? A. No—he was probably about ten minutes near me—I saw his face, and am certain he is the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILD. Q. Have you seen the policeman since this? A. I have seen him almost every day, here and at the Police-court, and walked with him after the trials were over, and had a glass of ale with him—I went to his house one day, to ask about my watch, about a week ago—I

only went once—I did not stop above ten minutes, and did not drink anything—I asked him what time I should have attend in the morning, and asked to took at my watch, to see if it was injured—that was my only motive in going—he said nothing about this trial—I had about ten minutes' struggle with Phillips, not previous to the other coming up—they were altogether, and all fell on me at once, as soon as I got hold of Phillips—it was about half-past twelve—I had never seen Campbell before—I had not been drinking at all—I had not taken my watch out after leaving home.

MR. BALDWIN. Q. At the time it happened, had the children gone into the Church? A. Yes—my attention was not drawn to them then.





SARAH EGINTON
. I am the wife of Edwin Eginton, of Essex-street, Commercial-road. On Saturday, the 1st of May, I went to see the procession of the charity children to Church—I stood on the footpath, close to the prosecutor—I saw the prisoner Campbell there, and saw the thief—the prosecutor was surrounded by men—they pushed him about and beat him on both his hands, wrist, and arms—Campbell held Phillips's right arm with his left hand, and said to the prosecutor, who was holding him, "This is not the man, let him go; he is not the man, foe he is a gentleman"—he repeated several times, "This is a gentleman, let him go," and Phillips said, "I am a gentleman, let me go"—the whole of the prisoners were continually beating the prosecutor—I saw Tedgell and Hurley pushing and striking Railey, and Davis was trying to rescue Phillips—he was striking and beating Raily—Davis had a round cloth cap on, and was trying to get Railey's hands away from Phillips, on his hip✗ part—Hankins was also beating and struggling to get Phillips away—I am sure all the six were there.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Phillips tried to get away? A. Yes, every now and then he tried to twist and twirl—I cannot say I saw Phillips strike the prosecutor—he had too many on his arms and hands.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. What was the first thing you saw? A. Campbell having hold of Phillip's right arm—I know nothing of the watch being taken—I did not see the robbery—I was on the path—Campbell was the first I saw strike him, and Hankins was the next—I took up Phillip's hat, and it was directly snatched out of my hand—the prosecutor had hold of him—we were all jammed in together, and I had a hard matter to raise myself up with the hat—it was taken out of my hand before I could rise—that was after the two prisoners gave the blows—Campbell stuck over three of them, he being the tallest man, and in striking at the prosecutor's face, he struck Phillips's hat off, and fell head foremost.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. Some of them were taken into custody at the time? A. One was taken about three-quarters of an hour after—the police did not come up while the struggle was going on—it was about half-past twelve—I was called out of my bed about half-past ten that night by the police, who had got Tedgell, Hurley, and Davis, to see if I knew them—I was quite certain of them—my husband is a wig-maker—I am no scholar—the prisoners beat the prosecutor dreadfully.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Whose employ is your husband in? A. He works for any person—it may be four months since he made a wig—I was not confused in the least till the mob began to run, and pushed me about—I was close to the prosecutor, on his left side—I got no blows—when the policeman came to me at night, he brought the three prisoners he had taken, to the top of Charlotte-street, where I live, and asked me to come and look at them—he said he knew he had got the right prisoner, by what I had said to him—I went and saw them.


Cross-examined by
MR. WILD. Q. When did you next see Campbell? A. He was brought to me recognize, on the Sunday afternoon, the 2nd of May, about six o'clock—I saw Smith and Driscol, they brought him to me out of the police-station—I had not the least doubt of him—I took up his right arm, and said, "I can say it is you, by your coat, handkerchief, and satin waistcoat"—he said when he came out of the police-house, "Look at me well, I hope you won't say it is me".

Tedgell. Q. When you were in the police-court, did you not see me pass you? A. Yes, in the passage—it was only once—you went crawling along the passage, with your arm up, and hiding your face—that was as you went in—I immediately said, "That is one of them"—I was directly brought up towards you, and said I could see plainly it was you, by your glossy hair and satin waistcoat—you said that was hard lying—you were sneaking into the office, not walking—the policeman did not say, "Do you know this man?—I did not look at you for a quarter of a minute, and did not say I did not exactly know you—you said you had been at the King's Arms all the morning, and had seven pints of ale, and the person who booked the charge said the man could be brought forward—you said directly, "The publican knows nothing about me."





ANN LINKWATER
. I am the wife of John Linkwater, of Tarling-street, St. George's. I saw the charity-children, and after they had gone into the Church, I felt a very sharp pressure—I turned round, and saw Railey holding Phillips and calling "Police!" and said, "This man has stolen my watch"—I saw men about him, but am not able to speak to any of them—they used s✗ great deal of violence—I went in search of a policeman—I returned, and found the watch—I saw Phillips get away after his waistcoat gave way—I saw his hat knocked off by somebody—he ran away his hat—I took the watch to the station, to the police—the glass was broken.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILD. Q. Did you see Mr. Eginton there? A. I saw a female answering her description—she stood in front, and had a better opportunity of seeing what passed than I had.





ROBERT FRANCIS HESKETH
. I am a labourer, and live in Bett-street. On the 1st of May there was a cry of "Stop thief!"—I saw Phillips coming through the street, with his waistcoat open and torn, and no hat on—I ran✗ into the street and collared him—he said he was a respectable mercantile man, and was accused wrongfully—I gave him to Driscoll.





PIERCE DRISCOLL
 (police-constable.) I took Phillips from Hesketh—he said, "I ran, but I am not the man"—he was without his hat, his waistcoat open and torn—I took him to the station and searched him, but found nothing—he said, "I know I shall suffer for this, though I know I am innocent"—Mr. Linkwater brought me the watch.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Did not he say he ran, because he was afraid of being in some trouble? A. Yes.





WILLIAM SMITH
 (police-constable K 220.) I took Tedgell into custody at the Thames-police-court, and showed him to Mr. Eginton—he said to her, "Be careful what you are saying, mind what you are saying," perhaps a dozen times—he told me I had got him wrong this time, that he was not there at all.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. Did you take anybody to Mr. Eginton that she said did not identify? A. No.





THOMAS KELLY
 (police-constable H 119.) On Saturday, 1st of May, I went with Gifford to the King's Arms public-house, and took Davis and

Hurley—Gifford took Hankins—I told them I took them for being concerned in this robbery—Davis said he was at the King's Arms from ten o'clock in the morning till four in the afternoon—Hurley said, he did not get out of bed till near eleven o'clock in the day, and was not near the place—I took them to Mr. Eginton—she identified them—Campbell was afterwards brought to the station, and said he was five miles off, and was not near Cannot-street-road all the day.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILD. Q. Did they say this before the landlord of the King's Arms? A. They did not.





ROBERT GIFFORD
 (policeman.) I took Hankins—he said, he was not near the place at the time.

The prisoner Tedgell called






DANIEL PEPPER
. I keep the King's Arms, Whitechapel-road. On the 1st of May Tedgell was at my house about half-past ten o'clock, and went away from about half-past one to two, when some women called him out.

COURT. Q. What were you doing all the time? A. Serving in my bar—the other three men were taken at my house—I was going to and fro from half-past ten to half-past one or two o'clock, attending to my customers—Tedgell stood leaning on my bar, not all the time—he was in the tap-room part of the time—I positively swear he was not out of my house the whole of that time.

MR. BALDWIN. Q. Was he in the habit of coming to your house? A. Yes; for the last month—I think he was there the day before—I think in the evening—I am not certain whether he was there on Thursday—he generally came e very day, and at sundry times in the course of the day—my attention was called to his being at my house on the same day—I was the first person who said he was in my house—I live about half a mile from Cannon-street, St. George's-field—I heard he was in custody on the same Saturday afternoon—I told the policeman he was in my house; I cannot say when—Kelly will tell you what I told him—I told him he was in my house, and I could swear it.

Q. Will you swear you told the policeman, not that he was there at half-past ten o'clock, but that he was not in your house till half-past one or two? A. I think I went as far as to say he was there the whole day.

COURT. Q. Have you been writing to the prisoner in goal? A. No; I am quite certain of that—(looking at a letter)—I never saw this before—it is not my writing, nor any of my friends.

MR. BALDWIN. Q. What day was it that you said anything to the policeman? A. I cannot remember; but when Kelly came to my house, I told him of it—I heard several people say on the Saturday evening, 1st of May, that Tedgell was in custody—everybody was talking of it—I never saw him after the 1st of May.





THOMAS KELLY

re-examined. Tedgell came of his own accord to the police-court when Phillips was being examined on Saturday the 1st—I saw the witness on the 8th, and asked him about another prisoner—he said, Tedgell was at his house at ten o'clock in the morning, and was there part of the day—he did not say how long—he did not say from ten till half-past twelve—Phillips was taken immediately, and was at the police-court, I should say by half-past two, and Tedgell also—it is about a mile from the King's Arms.





WILLIAM BRIGGS
 (City police-constable, No. 353.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Tedgell's previous conviction, in the name of "Health"—(read, convicted Oct., 1844, and confined six months)—he is the man.






JAMES GLOVER
. I am a porter. I produce a certificate of the previous conviction of Campbell—(read, Convicted Feb., 1844, by the name of Anderson, and confined one year)—I was present at the trial—he is the man.

PHILLIPS—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

TEDGELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

CAMPBELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.






Transported for Fifteen Years.


HURLEY, DAVIS and HANKINS—


NOT GUILTY
.
