



1921. 




JOHN BEAUMONT
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Charles Bague, about one o'clock in the night of the 
3rd of July, with intent to steal.






CAROLINE FLEMING
. I am servant to George Bague, of No. 19, Coleshill-street, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square. On the 4th of July, about half-past one o'clock in the morning, I was in bed in the kitchen, and was awoke by the noise of a gallipot knocked off the dresser, and heard a person's hand passing along the dresser—I listened for ten minutes, then heard the fire-shovel fall—I then heard the hand again pass along the dresser—I jumped out of bed, and found the kitchen door open—I went up stairs to my master's bed-room, opened his window, and called "Police"—master was there—I found the staircase window up-—I was called down in about ten minutes, and found the prisoner in the policeman's custody in the hall—when I went to bed the house was all fastened—the kitchen door is an inside one—I went to bed at twelve o'clock, and left the family up—I shut up the lower part of the house myself—I know the staircase window was shut down, but cannot say it was fastened—every other part was fastened—a person could get in at the staircase window by getting on a closet in the garden—four flower-pots which had been inside the window were moved outside.

Cross-examined by
MR. HOBRY. Q. There was nothing moved to be taken away? A. No—the staircase window has a hasp, which does not fasten of itself—I had shut the window in a hurry at half-past nine o'clock, as it rained, but do not recollect hasping it—I saw it was shut at twelve.





ROBERT M'KENZIE
 (policeman.) About one o'clock in the morning I heard the witness call "Thieves" and "Police" from Mr. Bague's house—I immediately went to the house, and requested a gentleman who was passing to stand at the front door while I ran to the back of the house—I got over into the garden—another constable lifted me—on the top of the closet I found the flower-pots, and the window open—I got into the house, went down with a light, and found the prisoner sitting on the kitchen dresser—I asked what he was doing there—he said, "Nothing"—I found nothing but a small key on him—he was without hat or shoes—I called the witness down—I took him to the station—he refused to give his name or any account of himself—I found several footmarks in the garden, and the prisoner's hat and boots close to the closet.





CHARLES BAGUE
. This is my house, and in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square—my wife, three daughters, and myself were the last persons up—we sent the servant to bed at past eleven o'clock, and about half-past twelve we all went up together—I know everything was fast, and as I went up stairs I saw that the window was closed down; whether it was fastened I cannot say, but it was very close down—the servant afterwards alarmed us.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you put your hand to the window? A. No—I saw it was closed—I sleep in the back room second floor—the window has a bolt to it, which only fastens when pulled to.
(Thomas Tepple, of Gravel-lane, Blackfriars, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.



First Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

