




1229. 




CHARLES GEORGE BRIDGEMAN
 and 




MARY COLEMAN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
28th of March, 2 pain of boots, value 9s.; and 1 pair of shoes, value 2s. 6d.; the goods of 



David Williams, the master of Bridgeman.






DAVID WILLIAMS
. I keep a shoe shop in Albion-place, King's-cross. Bridgeman was my shopman twenty-four days—he did not live in the house—he gave his address, at No. 2, Staples Inn, but I found he did not live there—in consequence of suspicion I set Bell, with a policeman, to watch my shop, as I had lost property to the amount of 50l. or 60l.—on the 28th at a quarter to five o'clock I went to tea—the boots were then safe—one pair hanging at the door, another pair in the shoe-room at the back, and another pair in the window—I was called up stairs in about two minutes, and the female prisoner was taken to the station-house with the

boots in her possession—her face is familiar to me, but I could not be certain that I ever saw her in my shop—the articles produced are mine I am certain.





WILLIAM BELL
. I am apprentice to Mr. Crick, of King's-cross. The prosecutor requested me to watch—I stood in front of his shop, and saw Bridgeman come out and rub the window, which I supposed to be a signal for somebody to come—immediately afterwards Coleman came up with a basket and went in—in about five minutes she came out with a basket apparently larger than when she went in—I gave a signal to the policeman to follow me—I followed her to No. 3, Chad's-place, Gray's Inn-lane—I pointed the house out to the policeman—he broke the door open, went in and found the property in her basket, and she was taken to the station.

Coleman. I was not in the shop—I bought the shoes of a man in the street. Witness. When we went into the station-house with the male prisoner, the female was there, and he said, "This is the woman I gave the shoes to, to try on."





DAVID WILLIAMS

re-examined. I heard Bridgeman say this at the station-house.





JAMES DAVIS
. I am a policeman. I was watching the prosecutor's house—Bell pointed out the house in Chad's-place, where I took the female prisoner—I found the new shoes in her basket, and a pair that have been worn in her room—I followed her myself to the house.





ANN TRING
. I live in No. 3, Chad's-place, Gray's Inn lane. The prisoner's lodged at my house and cohabited together as man and wife from the day that the man went to Mr. Willams's situation.

Bridgeman's Defence. The prosecutor discharged another shopman for dishonesty; he might have taken the 50l. worth of things.





DAVID WILLIAMS

re-examined. I did not discharge any one for dishonesty—I have lost 60l. worth of goods in twenty one days.

BRIDGEMAN—


GUILTY
.* Aged 24.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

COLEMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—



Confined Six Months.
(There was another indictment against Bridgeman.)

Before Mr. Baron Alderson.

