



1108. 




JOHN WILLIAMS
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 metal cup, value 5s.; 1 flagon, 19s.; 1 salver, 5s.; the goods of 



Henry Vickery and others: and 20 printed books, value 10s., the goods of 



Edward Tagart and others.—2nd COUNT, stating the 20 printed books to be the goods of 



Sarah Ann Jeffery.






HENRY VICKERY
. I am a shoemaker—I keep the Domestic Mission Chapel, in Half Moonalley, Cripplegate. I locked the chapel door at ten o'clock at night on the 4th of May—I went again next morning, and found the communion service had been stolen—it consisted of a salver, a flagon, and a cup of Britannia metal, and the books were also gone—

Edward Tagart lives at Bayswater—he is one of the committee of the Domestic Mission Society, and one of the owners of this property, and there are other owners—Sarah Ann Jeffery is the governess of the day-school held in the chapel—she has the care and custody of these things by day—at night they are under my charge—they were for the use of the chapel.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Who are the trustees of this chapel? A. There are no trustees—it belongs to the Domestic Mission Society—the Rev. Edward Tagart and others are the committee—I do not take on myself to swear that the property belongs to Mr. Tagart—it does not belong to me.

COURT. Q. Do you know anything about who is the owner of the property? A. I believe the Rev. Edward Tagart and others are the owners.





WILLIAM TAYLOR
. I live in Turn mill-street, Clerkenwell, and am a broker. On the 4th of May the prisoner brought these articles to me—he said his friends had been keeping a coffee-shop in Tottenham-court-road, they had left, and had no further use for these articles, that they were utensils of the coffee-shop—I told him to leave them, and I would ascertain the value if he would call again—he did not call, as he was taken on another charge—I am sure he is the person who brought them—it was on Monday week.





SAMUEL HEALE
. I have looked at this flagon and cup and salver—they belong to the congregation of that chapel—they do not belong to Mr. Edward Tagart—the books belong to him and others—the flagon, salver, and cup belong to me and others, who compose the congregation—I am quite sure Henry Vickery is one of the others.





HENRY VICKERY

re-examined. The books belong to Mr. Tagart and others—the communion service belongs to the congregation—I am one of the congregation and one of the owners of this property—I made a mistake when I said it belonged to Mr. Tagart—I thought you were alluding to the books.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you keeper of the chapel? A. I am—I receive wages for that—I am paid by the minister of the place—the congregation is Unitarian—to the best of my knowledge these books belong to Mr. Tagart—I know he and others send books to the school—there is nothing about these books which will enable me to swear they do belong to Mr. Edward Tagart—they do to the best of my knowledge—I am here to prove that I locked up the chapel on the Sunday night—I do not know of my own knowledge that Mr. Tagart ever sent one of these books to that place—I verily believe it, but I cannot swear it—there is no mark on them.





SARAH ANN JEFFERY
. I am school-mistress of the chapel—I know Mr. Tagart, he sends books there—these are the sort of books he sends—I believe these are what he sent—I have one of the sort in my pocket—they are sent from the Unitarian Association as a body.

Cross-examined. Q. Are there not trustees to that Unitarian Association in whom the property is vested? A. There may be, I do not know—we receive all these books from the Unitarian body—Mr. Tagart is one of the Association.




GUILTY
.* Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

