





1721. 



THOMAS SCOTT,


 CHARLES SOLOMON
, and 



WILLIAM NORTON



, feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Taylor, and stealing therein 1 waistcoat, and 1 pair of slippers, value 3s.; and 32l. 12s. in money; his property: and 4l. 11s. 4d., the moneys of 



James White: Scott and Norton having been before convicted.






JAMES WHITE
. I am foreman to John Taylor, a baker, of the Oval-road, Camden-town; it is his house, and is in St. Pancras parish. I kept the money which I took, in a box in the counting-house, into which I put 32l. 12s. of my masters, and 4l. 15s. of my own, in sovereigns, half-crowns, shillings, and copper—I kept my clothes in the same box—I locked it on Sunday morning, 25th June, and put the key in my pocket—my clothes and money were then safe—James Pope sleeps in the house, and takes care of the retail shop—he went to Church with me—we left the front and back doors locked—we returned at one o'clock, and found the front door open, went in, and found the box wrenched open, and the money gone—I have seen Solomon in the shop to buy bread.





GRACE PEEL
. I am ten years old, and live with my father and mother at Durham Wharf, Camden-town. I have seen the prisoners about James-street, and know them—on this Sunday I saw them about half-past twelve o'clock, by the ice well—Solomon called the other two—they all went to Mr. Taylor's bake-house, undid the handle, and went in—Norton remained at the corner of Stanhope-street—the others came out and called him, and they all went into the shop—I did not stop to see them come out.





MARY KIPPENS
. I am married, and live at Camden-town. About half-past twelve o'clock on this Sunday, I was cleaning my steps, and saw Solomon at the corner of the Stanhope Arms—he hailed two others, who I cannot swear to, and said, "It is all right"—I saw Grace Peel there.





WILLIAM PICTON
. (policeman, S 106.) I went with White to Mr. Taylor's; and saw the box, the lid had been forced from the screws. I found Solomon and Scott together at 114, Grove-street, Camden-town, about half-past three o'clock—I told them what I took them for—they said they thought it was for tossing—I found a latch-key on Solomon—on the Monday, I went with white to Scott's, and found this waistcoat under a box, and these slippers on the box.





JAMES WHITE
. re-examimed. These are mine—I left them in the counting-house—the house could not be opened with a latch-key—it is a large lock.





THOMAS CAMPION
. (policeman.) Scott's father has lived at 114, Grove-street, four or five years.





BENJAMIN BADDELEY
. (policeman.) I took Norton in the fields behind the Haverstock Almshouses. I asked him when he saw Scott and Solomon, he said at half-past twelve o'clock, at the Cricketers, which is very near Mr. Taylor's—Grace Peel identified him—she described him before seeing him.

Norton called






HENRY NORTON
. The prisoner Norton is my son. He came home last Sunday week about twenty minutes past twelve o'clock, and did not go out a gain till two.






JOHN M'LEISH
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of Scott's former conviction (read—Convicted Feb. 1846, and confined one month)—I was present—he is the person.





THOMAS CAMPION
. I produce a certificate (read—William Norton, Convicted Jan. 1848, and confined three months)—I was present—Norton is the person.

SCOTT—


GUILTY
.

SOLOMON—


GUILTY
. *

NORTON—


GUILTY
.






Transported for Seven Years
.
