




1765. 




ROBERT HAINES
 and 




MARY ANN JACKSON
 were indicted for

 a robbery on 



Elizabeth Terrell, on the 
5th of Aug., putting her in fear, and stealing from her person 1 shawl, value 15s.; 1 parasol 4s.; 1 purse, 6d.; and 9 shillings; the property of 



Peter Terrell, and beating, striking, and using other personal violence to her.






ELIZABETH TERRELL
. the wife of Peter Terrell, and live in Victoria-place, Locksfields. On Tuesday morning, the 5th of Aug., I was crossing the ruins near the pinfactory, near the Borough—I was alone—I met a man and woman, and the moment they came to me the man struck me in the mouth and knocked me down—I had not spoken to him—the woman took my shawl and parasol from me while I was down, and the man took my purse and 5s. from my pocket—the prisoners are the persons—I am quite certain—my property has not been found.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. What time was this? A. Near upon two o'clock—I had been to Vauxhall with a friend, but was by myself at the time—I left my friend at Vauxhall and came back alone—this

happened in the London-road—I had not been talking to anybody before it happened—I was quite sober—I had taken one glass of gin before I left home, and while I was gone I had half a pint of beer—I drank no gin after leaving Vauxhall—I do not follow any business—my husband is a day-labourer, and works with Mr. Smith in Gravel-lane—nobody told me I should lose my shawl it hung so loosely—the female prisoner was discharged at first before the Magistrate—I did not give her into custody a second time—I did at first—the male prisoner was not in custody at first—he was taken afterwards, and then she was taken again.





LYDIA CHERRY
. I am the wife of William Cherry, and live in Middle-sex-street, Whitechapel. On Tuesday morning, about half-past threeo'clock, I was coming home from Vauxhall, and saw the female prisoner insulting the prosecutrix—I fancied they were companions, and did notinterfere till they got a long way down the road—the prosecutrix said to her, "Do leave me, pray leave me; you have robbed me of my shawl, aparasol, and 9s. from my pocket, what more do you want?"—she would not leave her, but kept pulling at her bonnet, and got the string undone—I then stopped them, and asked what was the matter—the prosecutrix said she had been robbed—I said to the prisoner, "Did you see this woman's shawl on her back when you first met her?"—she said, "Yes, I did"—I said, "Give her her shawl"—she said, "What is it to you?"—I said to theprosecutrix, "Give her in charge"—the prisoner herself then called for thepolice—the policeman came up, and the prosecutrix gave her in charge—I did not see the man.

Cross-examined. Q. The prosecutrix complained of losing some things? A. Yes—the female prisoner was walking behind her, trying at her bonnet—the prosecutrix said, "Do let me go"—I said, "Why don't you let bet go?"—the prisoner said, "Look at her handkerchief, she will lose it"—I said, "She has no handkerchief on"—she did not say, "I won't leave you alone, because you have charged me with robbery, and I am innocent"—she tried to get away twice from my husband, who had hold of her—he is not here—he is in the country—he gave her to the policeman.





ELIZABETH TERRELL

re-examined. After I was knocked down they both went away together—I got up, and the woman returned to me again directly, and followed me.





GEORGE WILD
 (policeman.) Jackson was taken into custody, and discharged on the 8th—I watched her—she joined company with some more females, and went to a public-house about five minutes' walk from the police-court, where she fell into company with Haines—they remained there, and I went for the prosecutrix to identify him—they came out of the public-house, and went up the Borough-road—she said, "That is the man"—she was very much fatigued, and I let her go back to the Court—I fol-lowed the prisoners together round different streets—they separated at Park-street, near the Borough-market—Jackson went down a court into a house—I went there, knocked at the room door, and found the prisoners both there—Jackson claimed the linen that was there—they have lived together there as man and wife for seven years.

HAINES—


GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


JACKSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—



Confined One Year.



Before Mr. Baron Platt.

