



2234. 




WILLIAM KING
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
19th of August, 11 spoons, value 2l. 14s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 7s.; 1 pair of spectacles, value 7s.; 1 tea-caddy, value 2s.; 1/2 lb. weight of tea, value 2s.; 1 shawl, value 10s.; 1 muffineer, value 10s.; 2 razors and case, value 5s.; 1 purse, value 1s.; and 1 basket, value 2s.; the goods of 



John Williams.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






EDWARD FARRINGTON
. I am assistant to Mr. Dutton, a shoemaker, at Beckford-row, Walworth. Mr. John Williams was remaining at his house, having come from Wales—on the 19th of August a cab, which was engaged the over night, came to the house between six and seven o'clock in the morning, driven by the prisoner—I assisted in putting the parcels into the cab—there was, among others, a cane basket, containing articles belonging to Mr. Williams—this is the basket—(looking at)—I was not aware of the contents—I gave it to the prisoner, and he put it inside the cab himself—there was a padlock to it—I do not know whether it was fastened.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner before? A. Never—MR. Williams had ordered the cab the night before—I am quite certain the prisoner is the man I gave the things to—I knew the basket before, it belonged to Mr. Williams—he had been there about two months.





WILLIAM THOMPSON
. I am porter at the Swan with Two Necks, Lad-lane. On the morning of Wednesday the 19th of August I remember a cab coming there with a gentleman and lady, and some luggage—the prisoner is the man who drove it—I know his face well—I helped to unload the cab—I did not take any parcel from inside, but from outside—I then asked the cab man if he had any more parcels inside, after it appeared to be unloaded, and he said, "No"—there was no basket of this kind taken out—I saw all that was taken out brought into the office.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you asked the gentleman himself if every thing was out? A. Yes, and he said he believed he had got them all, but soon after the cab was gone he missed the basket—I had never seen the prisoner before—I saw him at Guildhall and knew him again—I can swear to him.





WILLIAM MYERS
. I am waterman at the King's-head public-house,

Manor-place, Walworth. I saw the prisoner on the 18th, when the cab was hired—I never knew him before—I believe he was on the stand—I am certain he is the man—he was to go next morning at seven o'clock to Mr. Dutton's—I saw the gentleman next morning, and the prisoner also—the gentleman called me up out of bed next morning—I went with him to find the man who had driven him—I went in company with the gentleman to different cab stands—he saw the prisoner at his house, and said, "That is the man"—the prisoner went with us—he said he knew nothing at all about the basket—after the gentleman bad left him and given him a drop of gin in Black friars-road—he came down and abused me at the Old King's-head, and told me watermen ought not to know any thing.

Cross-examined. Q. He had been having something to drink then? A. Yes—I went with the gentleman—I have never been in trouble—I was never before a jury or judge in my life—I was never accused of taking any thing that did not belong to me.





CHARLES HITCHES
. I am a policeman. I went to the George public-house, in Black friars-road, which is a watering house, on the 22nd of August, in company with Mr. Douglas, I there saw a person named Ionn—I made inquiry of him, and he showed me this basket—the hasp had been broken off, and tied with this cord—the plate which is now in it was in it then—he stated where he got it—Douglas claimed it as Mr. Mills' property, and he gave it up.





MATTHEW SEYMOUR IONN
. I am barman at the George public-house, in George-street, Blackfriars-road, about half a mile from the Swan with Two Necks. I assist my sister who keeps the house—I have known the prisoner two or three years—he frequents our house when he is near it—I remember the morning this occurred—I cannot be certain whether it was Wednesday or Thursday—I believe it was Wednesday—about eight o'clock in the morning, just as I came down, it might have been a little after eight, the prisoner was in the bar, and this basket was left at the house—it was not given into my hands by the prisoner, but if he had called for it I should have given it to him—I did not receive it from him, but should have given it up to him—it was left that morning in the bar, and at that time.

Cross-examined. Q. How many more people were there there? A. Six or seven—I found a party down stairs—the prisoner was tipsy at the bar—I said, "As'usual, some bother or other"—there was some confusion about a green yard—the basket was in the bar when I came down, where parcels are generally put—I did not see who put it there, but the prisoner was the only person among them who I knew—I think this was on the Wednesday, but I could not swear it.

COURT. Q. Why should you have given it up to him? A. He was the only person among the party at the time who I knew—three parts of them were tipsy—I thought he was the party who had left it—I certainly thought it belonged to him.





JOHN KNEEBONE DOUGLAS
. I am step-son of Mr. John Williams. I know the property in this basket belongs to him—I saw them placed in the basket, which was first locked, and then tied with a rope—when I found it it had evidently been opened—I have known some of the spoons twenty-five years.
(James Webb, green-grocer, Pinto-place, Gray's Tenn.-road; George Elliott, cab proprietor; and Richard Mallett, tailor, Walham-green, Fulham; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Seven Years.
