





292. 



WILLIAM COX
 and 



JAMES YOUNG
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
2nd of November, 1600lbs. weight of soda, value 6l., and 2 casks, value 2s., the goods of 



William James Chaplin, and 



Benjamin Worthy Home, their masters; and 




EDWARD BANNISTER



 for feloniously inciting them to commit the said felony; to which Cox pleaded




GUILTY
. Aged—



Confined One Year.

MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





DANIEL BENNETT SKEY
. I am chief clerk in the service of Messrs. William James Chaplin and Benjamin Worthy Home, proprietors of Hambro Wharf, Upper Thames-street—they became proprietors in June last—at that time Cox and Young were their porters and warehousemen—Bannister was shipping and loading clerk—it was his duty to superintend the receipt of property on the wharf, and to see to the faithful delivery of it out—he was to have returns of all the property—Cox and Young were subordinate to him—Bannister's situation made it necessary that confidence should be placed in him—on the 24th of June among other property turned over from the previous proprietors of the wharf to the present, were 158 barrels of soda—the owner sent orders for 99 casks, which were delivered up to July—that left 59 casks—in September I received an order to deliver the test, and the whole were supposed to be delivered in September or October—soon after that there was a complaint that the whole had not been delivered—I referred to an account that Cox and Young kept of what had been delivered, and found that 57 casks only had been delivered—I stated to Cox and Young that there was a deficiency of two casks of soda according to their statement, and asked the reason they had not delivered the whole—they stated they had delivered the whole that was on the wharf, and that there was not any soda whatever remaining on the wharf—there were at that time some bags of wool and some rags on a part of the wharf opposite the counting-house in which Bannister was employed, and near to it whilst I was making my inquiries of Cox and Young I perceived two casks amongst the wool and rags—they were covered over, and so concealed that unless any one had suspicion, and were looking out, they would not have been seen—there were bags of wool or rags on them—in going from the counting-house to the warehouse, which it was the duty of Bannister to do several times a day, he would pass by the spot where these casks were—I had this conversation with Cox and Young about a week or a fortnight after the delivery of the hat soda,

which was in October—on the 4th of November I received a letter from Child, the watchman of the wharf, and on the 18th or 19th I received a message from Messrs. Coulthards, the proprietors of the soda—I showed the letter to Bannister, and asked if he knew any thing about the soda—he said he did not—that there was no soda on the premises—he said he would call Cox and Young to inquire of them—I said it was no use as I had spoken to them before—this was on a Thursday, and on the Saturday following the prisoners were taken into custody—Cox and Young both stated they were going to make a search for the soda on the following morning, and if they found any they would let me know.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. In the first conversation with Cox and Young, did both of them speak? A. They spoke separately—both made the same answer—Cox was up in the first floor, and Young down in the wharf.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. What hours was it your duty to be there? A. From nine till seven o'clock—I have an office in another part of the premises—it is my duty to keep the accounts, pay the men, and receive the money—I keep account of the goods landed, and see that my accounts are correct, by comparing them with the goods coming in and going out—if any soda comes on the wharf or goes out I know it—I do not see the goods actually go away—I sit in the office, and have the accounts brought to me—there are two other clerks, Mr. Oakley, and Mr. Haycock, who attend to the railway and carrying department, and I to the receipts of the wharf—before July the Commercial Company had the wharf—I ascertained that 158 barrels of soda were on the wharf then, by taking the stock myself.





WILLIAM CHILD
. I am private watchman to the prosecutors on Hambro' Wharf. On the evening of the 2nd of November, I went on duty at seven o'clock, and between seven and eight I saw Cox and Young rolling two casks of soda from behind the wool into the warehouse—after they got them there, they took both the heads out—I went into the warehouse and asked what they were going to do with that soda—they said to take the heads out for the purpose of showing me that the soda was clean, and as I dealt in the article I might bargain for it (my wife keeps a shop)—I asked them how they came by the soda—they said it was part of Messrs. Coulthard's stock—that Mr. Skey had made up his accounts, and was satisfied that they had had their number, and so were Messrs. Coulthards, that these were two casks that were left over, and they did not consider that the soda belonged either to Chaplin and Home, or to the late Company, and if I would go to Mr. Bannister, be would give me every information—I asked the weight—they said about 12 cwt., and Young said he had weighed one cask, and he had marked on the head in black-lead pencil the weight, which was 5 cwt.—he showed me where it was marked, and he supposed the other cask weighed 6 1/2 cwt.—there was about 12 cwt. together—each of them rolled a cask into the warehouse, and Cox took the head out and showed me the the soda—I left the warehouse, went to Bannister's office, and said, "About the soda, is it all right?"—he said as far as being right, Mr. Skey had made up his account, and he was satisfied that Coulthards had had their number, and Coulthards were satisfied also—there were two casks that were left, and he neither considered that they belonged to Chaplin and Horne, or to the late Company, and they were going to dispose of it—I then asked what he wanted for it—he said he should leave that entirely to William Cox to dispose of it, and whatever was got for them, he would

take his share and go snacks with them—I then returned to the warehouse, where Cox and Young were, and told Cox that Bannister said he would leave it entirely to his disposal—Young was in the warehouse at the time—Cox then said I should have it for 3l. 10s.—I said, very well, I would consider of it and let them know in the course of a day or two—I then wrote this letter (looking at it) and gave it into the hands of Mr. Skey—on the 8th of November, which was Sunday, as I was sweeping up the wharf, Bannister came and asked whether I had agreed with William Cox for the soda, if I had, he said, it was Thomas Cox's turn to the Western railroad on the Monday and Chittenden's on the Tuesday, and Thomas Cox would be at liberty to bring the soda over to my house—on the following morning, Monday, the 9th of November, I saw William Cox on the wharf—I told him my wife had got sufficient soda by her, and could not make any more room for it, and I should be obliged to decline having any thing to do with it—the soda still remained in the same place under the rags—after the heads had been knocked out in the warehouse, they were rolled back again—I saw it on the wharf on Thursday night, the 19th of November—on Monday night, the 16th of November, I saw William Cox on the wharf, and asked him if he had disposed of the soda—he said he had not—I asked on the following night if he had disposed of it—he said he had sold it to the Jew for 4l., and he expected it would be fetched away on the following Thursday—I saw William Cox again on the Thursday, and asked if he had seen the Jew—he said he had not, but if he did not come and fetch it away, he should be obliged to dispose of it to some one else, as there had been a stir about it, and Coulthards had written about the missing casks—on Friday, the 20th of November, I saw Young on the wharf when I came on duty at night, and asked him if the soda was gone—he said yes, both the casks were gone clear off the wharf, and there was only a small remnant of soda left in an empty cask, and if so be they were applied to on the subject, they should state that they had searched the wharf all over, and that was all they could possibly find (the soda was gone then)—on the Saturday, Young and Cox were in custody—I went into Bannister's office, and he said it was a lucky job that I had had nothing to do with it, and said it was a very bad job—at that moment, I was called away by Mr. Home, who happened to be on the spot, and in consequence of what Mr. Home said to me, I returned to Bannister's office, and Bannister wanted to know of me what Mr. Home had said—I told him Mr. Home had been questioning me about the soda, and I had told him I knew nothing about it (I said that by direction of my master)—Bannister said he hoped I should continue to say so, and if the prisoners kept their own counsel, nothing could hurt them—on the Sunday following, Bannister came to me about ten o'clock at night, just before I retired to rest—he said he hoped I should continue to say what I had said before, on the morrow when I went before the Magistrate—I afterwards received some information from Mr. Beard, and went to Chamberlain's Wharf, in Tooley-street—I there found two casks of soda, and on one of the heads I saw the pencil-mark that Young had before pointed out to me.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. How long have you been watchman there? A. Nine or ten weeks—MR. Home gave me the situation—I had asked Bannister to get me a better situation, as I had been on the wharf before, and he said he would do his best for me—it was a little after seven o'clock in the evening when the casks were rolled to the ware-house,

which was nine or ten yards from where they were—after I had had the conversation with W. Cox and Young, I went into the office, and saw Bannister there—he was in the office when they were rolling the casks—I do not know whether he was looking at them—he was going on with his accounts—his office was right opposite them.





JOHN CHITTENDEN
. I am a carman in the service of Messrs. Chaplin and Home. On the 20th of November I removed two casks of soda from Hambro' wharf to Chamberlain's wharf—William Cox gave me the note to take them—I left them there in the name of White—I denied all knowledge of this till I was taken into custody—I then confessed it.





WILLIAM COLLYER
 (City police-constable No. 404.) I produce this head of a cask, which I got at Chamberlain's wharf.





WILLIAM CHILD

re-examined. This head bears the pencil mark that was pointed out to me by Young—it is "5 cwt. 1 qr."

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you know his writing? A. Yes—I know it well—I swear this is his writing.





JOHN CHITTENDEN

re-examined. Q. Did you run away as soon as there was a stir made about this? A. No—I went to get my dinner.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. When did you take the casks? A. On Friday, a little after seven o'clock in the morning—they were under the frame ready for loading—James Young loaded them—it was daylight, and after the business of the wharf bad commenced—they were not above seven or eight yards from the counting-house where Bannister sits—I do not know whether he was on the wharf, or whether his counting-house was open—there were a great many men at work on the floors, but not on the wharf—I took nothing beside the soda, only a note in the name of White, which William Cox gave me—after I came back, about half-past eight or nine o'clock, I saw Bannister in his usual place—I was taken into custody about six o'clock on Saturday night—I was then had up on Monday, and said I took it.
(The prisoners received good characters.)

BANNISTER—


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

YOUNG—


GUILTY
.—



Confined One Year.
