



65. 




WILLIAM NORTH



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Abraham Corbet, and stealing therein 33 pairs of boots, and 24 pairs of shoes, value 10l. 18s.; the goods of the said 



Abraham Corbet and another.—2nd Count, feloniously receiving the same; having been before convicted.


MR. CAARTEEN
conducted the Prosecution.






ABRAHAM CORBET
. I live at 13, Adams-row, Hampstead-road, and am a shoemaker, in partnership with another. On Sunday morning, 21st Oct., I locked the shop door, and went to bod, at one o'clock, leaving a quantity of boots, which had been hanging outside, on the floor—I was disturbed about two o'clock by a sudden noise—as I thought some one had burst the door open, I got up—I did not go down stairs—not hearing anything more, I went to bed again—about a quarter of an hour afterwards I was called up by a policeman, went down, and found the shop door lying in the shop, broken off the hinges, and part of the door-post also, and the bolt and lock both broken—I then sent for one of my men, Alfred Prince—I went to bed again, after making up the door, and left my man sitting at the door till eight o'clock next morning—I then examined my stock, and missed twelve pairs of Wellington boots fourteen pairs of bluehers, one pair of nailed boots, twenty-four pairs of children's shoes, and six pairs of children's boots—they were safe

when I went to bed—I did not count them, but I know what I had in my shop—I have seen some of them since—the nailed boots I know, but the others I cannot swear to.





ANN COYNE
. I am the wife of Michael Coyne, of 11, Fitzroy-row, New-road. The prisoner was a lodger of mine—on Sunday morning, 21st Oct., I saw him, between eleven and twelve o'clock, at my own door, with a pair of girl's boots, which he said would fit my little girl—I said I had no girl of my own, but my lodger, Connell, had—I took them to fit the girl, but they would not fit her, and I returned them to the prisoner—he brought another pair of boots, which he said would fit my boy—he said he would let me have them for 3s.—I had no mere than half-a-crown, which I gave him—my boy wore them—on the following Monday a man named Cooper came to me, and asked me for the boots, and I gave them to him, and he gave them to a policeman, who was in the passage—I saw the policeman with the girl's boots; I know they were the same—when I returned them I took them into Cooper's room—he took some salt, put it on the bottom, rubbed them very hard, and stained the leather—when I saw them again they were so stained—there was a number on them; I think it was "3," but am not quite certain—these produced are the same, and these are the boy's boots (looking at them).





GEORGE LUCK
 (policeman, S 345). On Monday morning, 23rd Oct, about three o'clock, a man named William Cooper came to me, and gave me some information—the prisoner was already in custody for creating a disturbance—I went with Cooper to 11, Fitzroy-row, and he there gave me this pair of girl's boots (produced)—I did not see where he got them from—he gave them me in the passage, against the front door—I afterwards found a pair of nailed boots—Cooper and Mrs. Coyne were in the house at the time—Corbet's house is in St. Pancras' parish.





ALFRED PRINCE
. I live at 26, Henry-street, Hampstead-road, and work for Mr. Corbet. On the Saturday night, or Sunday morning, I was fetched by a policeman to my master's premises—I remained, and took care of them, till eight o'clock, Sunday morning—I then examined the stock, and missed twelve pairs of Wellington boots, and fourteen pairs of bluchers—they were all safe on the Saturday night—I had seen them at nearly one o'clock—this pair of girl's boots are Mr. Corbet's property—these initials, "H. P.," on the bottom, is a private mark which I made myself—this other pair are not in a saleable condition, and were never sold out of my master's shop—we never sold a pair without punching them for the laces—I cannot say when I had seen this particular pair before—this other pair are boy's nailed boots—we only received four pairs of these on the Saturday, at mid-day, and they were lost on the Sunday, I had not sold a pair—they then had no holes, and were not in a saleable state—they have since been pierced with a kind of small awl, or something of that sort, not in a proper way.





ABRAHAM CORBET

re-examined. These girl's boots are ours—I know them by the appearance and the work—I only keep one man that makes these, and there is a private mark on them—I swear to their being our property—Fitzroy-square is about three minutes' walk from our shop.

Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of the robbery; Cooper gave me these two pairs of boots on the Sunday morning, to take down to sell to the landlady.





THOMAS WILSON
 (policeman, S 271). I produce a certificate—(read—William Webb, convicted Feb., 1847, and confined three months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.

