



1071. 




ROBERT CHANDLER
 was indicted

 for that he, on the 
5th of March, being armed with a certain pistol, in and upon 



Fanny Lisette Elizabeth Wortley Nainby, did make an assault, and pat her in fear and danger of her life, and feloniously stealing from her person, and against her will, 1 purse, value 1s.; 1 half-crown, and two shillings; her property.







FANNY LISETTE ELIZABETH WORTLEY NAINB
. I am single, and keep a preparatory school for young gentlemen, in Canonbury-place, Islington. On the evening of the 5th of March, about seven o'clock, or a few minutes after, I was walking with two of my pupils, Wilkinson and Fortescue, who are both eleven years old, through Canonbury-field—it is a regular highway—I overtook a man, who stopped when I came near him, drew a little on one side, and said, "I will thank you for some money"—I said, "I have none to give away"—he then went behind me, and on coming to the other side he said, "I have been told you have, and I must have some"—I said, "I have a few shillings only in my pocket," and felt in my pocket—he came close to me, showed me a pistol in one hand, and held the other for my purse or whatever money I had—I gave him my purse, on seeing the pistol, from fear—he held the purse up on my giving it to him, went behind me, and went away—it contained half-asovereign and two or four shillings, I am not certain which—I had not the opportunity of noticing his face, but I noticed his figure—I did not notice his voice particularly, I was too much frightened—the prisoner was thinner when I saw him at Hatton-garden than when I saw him in the field, but from his general appearance I then thought it was him, and I am of that opinion still—I did not see his face, as I had rather a thick veil down, and he kept rather on one side.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. What time was this? A. A few minutes after seven o'clock on Thursday, the 5th of March—I am quite sure of that—he held his hand for the money—I did not recollect at the moment whether I had my parse, or my money loose in my pocket, but I felt my purse, and I gave it him, which I should not have done but for the pistol—he did not threaten me, but he frightened me as much as if he had threatened me—he did not say he was distressed, nor any thing like it—he stood by my side, and held the pistol in his band—I only saw the barrel of it—I saw the whole of the barrel, not the stock—I did not see the lock nor the handle.

Q. How could you tell it was a pistol? A. From my observation of it—I saw the barrel and the mouth—there are other tubes like a pistolbarrel, but I think decidedly this was a pistol—he showed it to me to intimidate me—he did not tell me it was a pistol, nor tell me he would do any thing to me with it—the mouth was not turned towards me—I saw the wood that supports the barrel—I bad my veil on at the time—It was not a very indistinct view that I had—my veil is not a very thick one—I have the same on now—I wear it to exclude the air, being subject to a cough—it was dusk—I will not swear it was a pistol-barrel.

COURT. Q. Were you impressed with that notion by seeing a barrel supported by wood as a pistol is, and the month also? A. Yes—we had crossed from Paul's-terrace—it struck seven o'clock when we came to the end of Paul's-terrace, which makes me know it was very little after seven o'clock.





FREDERICK FORTESCUE
. I am eleven years old—I am a pupil of Miss Nainby's, and live with her. I was with her on the 5th of March in Canonbury-field—we passed through Paul's-terrace in our way—I noticed a man in Paul's-terrace, it was the prisoner—I am certain of him—he turned

round and looked at us, which made me look at him—when we were walking across Canonbury-field he was walking before us, then he went behind, and said he would thank Miss Nainby for some money—she said she had none to give him—he then came before her, and showed her the pistol, and she gave him the money—I saw the pistol—I noticed the barrel and the lock—I noticed his features—I had seen him before on Paul's-terrace, and knew him to be the same man—I was noticing him when he produced the pistol, and had the purse from Miss Nainby—I was alarmed, which made me look at him more—it did not take long—I positively swear he is the same man—I have no doubt about it.

Cross'examined. Q. It was dark, was it not? A. Nearly dusk—he had his finger on the trigger when Miss Nainby was going to give him the money—I could see the flint distinctly—I could not see the handle, he had it in his hand—when I saw him in Paul's-terrace he was idling about, walking slowly—I had never seen him before that night—it was about five minutes between our being in Paul's-terrace and seeing him in the field—there is no light in Canon bury-field—he had a light flannel jacket on, and dark trowsers—I saw him in custody about a week after, or perhaps more.





JOHN WILKINSON
. I am eleven years old—I live with Miss Nainby. On a Thursday evening I was in Canonbury-field, when a man spoke to her—he said, "I will thank you for some money"—Miss Nainby said she had none to give away—he came to her side, and said, "I have been told you have some, and I must have it"—he then presented the pistol, and she gave him her purse—I had seen the same man before on Paul's-terrace, and noticed him—he turned round and looked at us as we passed, and when he got behind us he stood and looked at us—he had a flannel jacket on—the prisoner is the man, I am quite clear about it—I had not hold of Miss Nainby's hand—I was walking on one side, and Miss Nainby in the middle—the prisoner came on the side I was on when she gave him the purse.

Cross-examined. Q. He presented the pistol, did he? A. He had it in his hand—he held it—he did not hold it before Miss Nainby—I did not see where he got it from—he did not have it in his hand on Paul's-terrace, and I do not think he had it in the field at first—he had it when he said, "I will thank you for some money"—it was dusk—I saw him afterwards at the police-office—I was told I was to go to see the man who bad robbed Miss Nainby—I went, and knew him to be the man—Miss Nainby told me I was to go to see the man that robbed her—they showed me nobody but the prisoner.

COURT. Q. When you saw him did you recognise him? A. Yes, directly—I expected to see the same man, and when I saw the prisoner I knew him to be the same.

MR. PRENDERGAST
called






RICHARD CHANDLER
. I am the prisoner's brother, and am a shoemaker, and live at No. 1, Windsor-street. The prisoner is a shoemaker—he follows the trade with me. On Thursday night, the 5th of March, he was at home, working with me—he was working with me at seven o'clock—we had more work than usual, having a fresh shop to work for, which made me very busy—we worked very late in the evening, till we went to bed—I am certain he was not out of my house at all on the Thursday—he went out for a few minutes on Wednesday into the adjoining street—he was not gone above a few minutes—I am quite certain he did not leave the house on Thursday—he never wore a flannel jacket—the officer came to my

house to search for one, but nothing of the sort was found—I am a married man.

COURT. Q. When did you take the house No. 1, Windsor-street? A. About six weeks ago—I have only two rooms—I took them on the last Monday in February, but I have lived in the same street five months—I moved on the Monday—I have been there about five weeks—I had two shops to work for, which made me take the two rooms—I know it was the Monday before March that I went into the rooms—I got work the beginning of the week after I got there—I begin work at seven o'clock in the morning, sometimes before—my brother was taken up three weeks ago last Monday—I think it was a fortnight after the fifth of March—I do not recollect the day of the month—I got more work on the day my brother was apprehended—it is very seldom I keep the day of the month—I speak to this day, because I recollect I got some more work—there was a strike with some shoemakers, and they left the shop on a Monday—I went to the man, and he gave me more work—that was in the week that it is said these ladies were stopped—I know it by the 4th of March being Ash Wednesday—he went out into the next street for a trifle that was owing—we began work at seven o'clock that Thursday, and finished at eleven o'clock—he never went out of the house from seven to eleven o'clock, only into the back-yard—he was not absent five minutes—Paul's-terrace is, I should think, a mile and a half from Windsor-street, or better, and Canonbury-field about a mile—I live not quite half a mile from the City-road—the prisoner dined at my house that Thursday, and drank tea, and breakfasted there also—Britannia-fields is close by where I live—my brother was at home with me on the 16th of March till he was taken in the evening.

Q. Then, from the Monday in February up to the 16th of March he had never been out an evening? A. Never, except on Wednesday evening, when he went out to get a trifle that was owing to me in the next street—that was the only time he left my house in an evening—he lodged with me, and slept in the back-room—I slept in the front-room—we first worked in the back-parlour, but the weather being cold we took to work in the front-room—my brother came to me from a Mr. Lickfold—I never walked out with my brother—I was always obliged to work very hard, not on Sundays and all, but I was always at home on Sundays, and my brother too—he never went out of an evening—if he went out he went out of a morning.

Q. Now recollect yourself about the 16th of March? A. I never keep the day of the month—he might have been taken then—I do not know whether he was taken that evening—I do not know the day of the month—I know the Monday evening he was taken—I know he was caught in our street by an officer.





ANN CHANDLER
. I am the wife of the last witness. I remember Ash-Wednesday—the prisoner was at our house that week at work with my husband—he was at home on the Monday of that week—he was not out that day, nor Tuesday—on Wednesday he was out a little in the evening I think, between eight and nine o'clock—he was not out at all on Thursday I am quite sure—he could not have been out without my knowledge, because I am always in the room with them—I live in the same room as they work—he was not out at all that evening—he had lodged with us about four months on this occasion—we lived at No. 33, in the same street—he

had been with us in both houses—I never saw him wear a flannel jacket—I never saw such a thing on him—the officers searched our house to find one, but they could not find it—I am positive we never had such a thing in our house—he slept in our house, and got his meals with us—he had a box in which he kept his things—that box was searched by the officers—no part of his clothing had been put out of the way—we had no idea that he was taken.

COURT. Q. He was taken in your street, was not he? A. Yes, but we did not bear of it till the officers came, which was, I think, the same afternoon—I went to the police-court, and was examined by the Magistrate in the presence of the prosecutrix, and stated what I have now.

MISS NAINBY, (re-examined.) I saw this witness and her husband before the Magistrate. I saw the prisoner in the field a few seconds before he stopped—he was ahead of me—there are two roads, one that we went, and a road that goes straight by the side of the field, and I think he came suddenly on us, before us—we had got about two thirds across the field—I think he went in a different direction to us to the same spot—it is a large open space—there is a road by the side—it is not two minutes' walk from Paul's-terrace to Canonbury-field—it is merely across a bridge by the New-river—we did not appear to be following him any time before I saw him—he suddenly appeared before us.
(Charles Lick fold, cheesemonger, Windsor-street, Islington; and John Mallett, shoemaker, Liverpool-road, Islington, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 20—Recommended to mercy on account of his previous good character.
—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
