



2154. 




JOHN CONNELL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of August, 1 watch-stand, value 10s.; 1 watch, value 1l. 10s.; 2 splitrings, value 1d.; and 1 watch-key, value 3d.; the goods of 



Richard Stone.


ELIZABETH-REYNOLDS. I am servant to Richard Stone, of Hertford-road, Kingsland. On Monday, the 2nd of August, my attention was called to the street-door—I saw the prisoner running down the garden in front of Mr. Stone's house, I called him back, and asked what he wanted, he said he wanted nothing—I asked what he did there—he said he would leave me a bill, and he gave me this paper—I ran into the front parlour, and missed this watch and stand off the mantel-shelf—I had seen it safe ten minutes before—I saw him running down the road, and gave an alarm at the baker's opposite, they ran after him, and brought him back.

Prisoner. She said I was running down the garden, and she was at dinner. Witness. I was at dinner, heard footsteps in the garden, ran out, and saw him running—he had no business in the garden—if he wished to come to the house, it would lead to it—the bill offers to purchase rags and all sorts of rubbish.





WILLIAM GEORGE KERR
. I live at No. 67, Bishopsgate-street. I was in the Hertford-road, saw the prisoner come out of Mr. Stone's gate, and run—the witness gave an alarm, and he was stopped—when he was running

I saw him throw something away—he was taken back to the spot, and there I found the watch and stand.
Prisoner. He called me back, and I went back, and he said they had lost a watch, but I did not steal it; I only delivered a bill.





JESSE PAKES
. I am a policeman. I received the prisoner in charge, took him to a ditch, about a quarter of a mile off, pointed out by Kerr, and found the watch and stand—it was taken out by another person, while I held the prisoner—I found a quantity of bills on him, headed "James Green," similar to the one left at the house—there was no address on the bill left at the house—it offers to buy all sorts of things, but he had no money about him.
Prisoner's Defence. I delivered the bill there, but never touched the watch.




GUILTY
.* Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
