



2223. 




THOMAS LEATHER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of August, 141 lbs. weight of spelter, value 2l., the goods of the 

Great Western Railway Company.



MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN PITMAN
 (Great Western Railway police-constable.) I am employed at Bull Bridge, at Hayes. On Tuesday, the 2nd of August, there was a truck there containing a quantity of spelter—on the night of Tuesday, the 2nd of August, I watched the truck in which it was—I went round between nine and ten o'clock—it was safe then—it was covered with a sort of tarpaulin, tied down quite safe by a cord—between ten and eleven, I found that the cord was cut—I fastened it again—some time after, I went out, and found it was slipped off the corner of the truck, which must have been done purposely—it could not have come off itself—in the morning I reported what I had observed to the clerk—it was under the Railway Company's care—I do not know the prisoner—I was present when Davey examined this spelter—he missed eight lumps out of 403.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you not the curiosity to look or to station yourself to see whether any body came there? A. I looked to see if I could see any person, but I could not—there is a great deal of property there—it is left standing on the railway—it was not locked up—there is a man named Kitchen in the employ of the Company.

MR. PRENDEBGAST. Q. Is their yard enclosed? A. Yes, by a wooden fence on one side, and a canal on the other, and there is a public footpath across the line, at the bottom of the yard.





JOHN DAVEY
. On the morning of Wednesday I counted some spelter, there ought to have been 403 lumps—I found 395, eight were gone—I gave information of the loss to Webber—the spelter had "M R" marked on it—it belonged to Mines Royal Company—this piece is marked in that way (looking at one.)

Cross-examined. Q. You had never seen any of it before it was shown to you? A. No—I am sure this is our spelter—no other Company manufactures this sort of spelter but us—this is marked according to the invoice I received—it is manufactured in Wales—there is no other English spelter made—they make sheets of zinc of this.





JOHN LARKINS
. I am constable of Iver. The Company's yard where this was is at Hayes, in the county of Middlesex—I received information of this on the 4th of August—I apprehended the prisoner, and on the 5th I found the property in the water of the canal, close underneath where he stood—on my journey back with the prisoner I met Talbot, with a dog—I took him, and put him in the cage—I afterwards received information from the lad, went and searched the place, and found seven pieces of spelter—the eighth was brought to me afterwards.

Cross-examined. Q. The prisoner denied all knowledge of it? A. Yes—he was standing near the bridge.





JAMES TALBOT
. The officer took me to the watch-house with the prisoner—the prisoner said there was no harm in telling me what he had done—I said, "No, not a bit"—he said he had been stealing some zinc, that he stole them out of Bull Bridge-yard, and put them in the canalbridge hole—he said there was another concerned in it, but he would not mention his name—he said he went after copper, but he went to the wrong truck, and got zinc, if he had had copper it would have been worth about 5l. 10s.—he told me How many bits he took at a time—he said he saw a policeman coming over the railway, and he ran away, and left his shoes, watched the policeman back, then ran back and got two bits more, and got

his shoes—the next morning I told Woodruff, and afterwards I told the officer.

Cross-examined. Q. Was that the first time you had been in custody? A. No, I was once before, for a pair of horses' ear-caps—I was in Aylesbury gaol seventeen weeks altogether—I was tried, and had three months—I never saw the prisoner before—he told me be meant to take them away on Thursday night—the officer took me on suspicion of stealing the dog—I know the lady the dog is said to belong to—I had nothing about me to induce the dog to follow me.





RICHARD PRICE
. I am a labourer in the employ of the Great Western Railway Company—I had seen the prisoner on the Saturday before this occurred—he asked me if there was any copper in the trucks that were standing there—I gave information about it.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you taken before the Magistrate? A. Yes—I told Davey about it after the spelter had been missed, not before—the prisoner asked me whether there was any copper in the trucks—I told him no—he said, "What sort of pieces, what did they weigh?"—I said, "Some 100 cwt., some 80lbs., some more, and some less"—he said, "Supposing a bit was gone, would they miss it?"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "Supposing a bit was dropped in the water"—I said, "They must fetch it out again"—I mentioned this before this spelter was found.





JAMES KITCHEN
. In consequence of Larkins's directions, I took these lamps of spelter out of the water in the hole just by the bridge—I have known the prisoner from his birth—before we went before the Magistrate the prisoner said he should wish to speak to me, but being a prisoner be supposed he did not dare to speak to me—he wished to speak to me privately—I said, "You can"—we went out of the room to another—he he said, what a fool he was for confessing to his fellow prisoner about his stealing the property—if he had not confessed they could only have given him six months, and it was him and my brother that got it from the place, and put it into the water—he lives close by this canal.

Q. Where was the officer all the time? A. I cannot say, he had left the prisoner in my care—he said Talbot was put in the cage for a trap, and that no one saw him put the things into the water.




GUILTY
.* Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
