



1409. 




BELINDA SEARYS



, stealing 3 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns, 2 half-crowns, 3 shillings, and 2 5l.-Bank-notes; the property of 



Henri Desire Charles Parmentier, in the dwelling-house of 



Elizabeth Russell; having bees before convicted.






HENRI DESIRE CHARLES PARMENTIER
. I am a master in a school. On 20th June, about four o'clock in the morning, I met the prisoner—I went with her to a room—I had been to Lambeth-street, to see a friend, and was not quite sober, but knew what I was about—I had in a book two 5l.-notes, three sovereigns and two half-sovereigns in gold, and 17s. or 18s. in half-crowns and shillings—I undressed myself, and put my waistcoat on her side of the bed, with the money in it—I awoke about ten, and she was gone—my waistcoat was still on the chair, but all the money was gone except 10s.6d.,—I went for the police—I am certain the money was in my waistcoat when I put it down.

Prisoner. Q. When I met you did you not say you would give me halfa-crown, and five shillings to pay for a cab? A. I cannot remember—I do not believe I did—I did not come into a public-house with two men and say I had been with thieves all the morning—two men were put out of a public-house; they were strangers to me, and seeing I was a foreigner they tried to force their conversation upon me—I told the landlord, and a policeman pot them out—you were with me then, but I had not spoken to you—I cannot say whether the men spoke to you—I did not give you my great coat—I gave you 5s. in the bed-room—you awoke me in the morning before you went out—you did not tell me you were going—you asked me at six o'clock if I was awake, but I did not answer—that was done to see if I was quite asleep—I cannot tell when you went.





ELIZABETH RUSSELL
. I live at No. 6, Clement's-lane, Strand. The prisoner and other persons come to my house—on Wednesday morning, 20th June, about half-past ten o'clock, the prosecutor came down and complained of being robbed of 16l., and asked if I saw the woman go out—I had not seen who went to bed with him—I saw the prisoner go out about a quarter to nine that morning; she told me she was going to market—she occupies a room up-stairs, and pays for it weekly—that is the room where the prosecutor slept—the prisoner came back on the Thursday morning, and the policeman came and took her—she sometimes stopped out all night—the policeman brought a bundle of new things out of the prisoner's room—I do not know what property she had—I did not often go into her room—I never saw these new things till I saw them at Bow-street—she had very little wearing apparel—I am the landlady of the house—no one but the prisoner bad been in the room.





ELIZA JOHNSON
. About eleven o'clock on Wednesday, 20th June, the

prisoner came to my house—she said she had just come from Greenwich, I that she had been in company with a gentleman at Greenwich, and she had I merely come on this side of the water to purchase a few articles—she left and I returned in about half an hour, and soon after a parcel came for her containing these things—she slept at my house that night, and next morning she left with the bundle—I went to the theatre with her that night: my husband paid for us—she gave me a sovereign to take care of for her—I have known her from her infancy.





WILLIAM BOYCE

being called on his recognizance did not appear.






NICHOLAS HILLINGS
 (policeman). On Thursday morning, 21st June, I met the prisoner in the Strand with a bundle under her shawl—I followed her to 6, Clement's-lane, and found her in a room up-stairs—I told her she must go with I me to the station for robbing a gentleman—I asked her where the bundle was—I she said at first she had not got it—she then said it was down stairs with the landlady—I went down stairs with the prisoner and Sergeant Pollard, and I asked the landlord about it—she denied having the parcel—we then returned I up-stairs again, and I saw the sergeant take the bundle from under the bedclothes—she threw herself across the bed, and tried to rescue the parcel from the sergeant—I pulled her away.





JAMES LEWIS ASHMAN
 (police-sergeant, T 1). I was with Hillings—I found this bill in the prisoner's room—it relates to the things in this parcel, and amounts to 2l. 84

Prisoner's Defence. I never took the money from him; I had 3l. 10s. I given me by a gentleman to purchase a dress to go down to Greenwich, and meet him on the following Saturday, and to pay my passage; I had that I money in my possession when the prosecutor met me.





WILLIAM WEST
 (police-sergeant, F 7). I produce a certificate—(read—Belinda Searys, convicted Oct., 1887, of larceny from the person, confined four months)—she is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

