



2238. 




JOHN DALTON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of July, 120 skins of leather, value 15l., the goods of 



Thomas Young Learmouth and others; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM STEVENS
. I am in the service of Messrs. Learmouth and Roberts, in Bride-lane—I know the prisoner by his calling at the warehouse to know if we could tell him of a light porter's place—on the morning of the 20th of July, as I came down Bride-lane, I saw him backing out of the warehouse door with a bundle of skins on his shoulder—I went into the counting-house, and made inquiry—I immediately ran out up Bride-court, and saw him walking deliberately with the bundle of skins on his shoulder—I intended to run softly to try and seize him, but I suppose he must have heard me coming, for he turned his head, pitched the bundle of skins down, and ran across the road—I pursued, calling "Stop thief"—he ran up Union-street, and was stopped at the corner of Shoemaker-alley—the skins are worth 15l.—they are the property of Messrs. Thomas Young Learmouth and others.

Prisoner. He says he saw me come out backwards with them, why not stop me then? Witness. Because I did not exactly know him, and did not know whether it might not be somebody from the factory—he came from the same warehouse where he had been to inquire—I have seen him with another, about the same time in the morning—I lost sight of him for about a quarter of a minute, when he turned from a butcher's shop, opposite Apothecaries' hall—I am positive he is the same man.

Prisoner. Q. Is any witness here who stopped me? A. No; when I stopped you, you wanted to persuade me you were not the same party, but I told your you had been so polite to me for three weeks, taking off your cap, and asking me for a light porter's place, that I was positive of you.





WILLIAM STANTON
 (City police-constable, No. 336.) On the 20th of July, I received charge of the prisoner, at Shoemaker-alley—Stevens had him by the collar—I collared him—Stevens said they were skins taken from the warehouse—just as we were entering the station the skins dropped, and the prisoner bolted right across Black-horse-court up Fleet-street—one of the turnkeys of Newgate happened to be there and stopped him.

Prisoner's Defence. I was returning home, and was walking up Water-lane, when I was caught. In going to the station, I thought it very hard to be locked up for what I knew nothing about, and when the officer had the things under his arm he shoved me to go into the station, I ran away.
(Thomas Russell, of New-street, Goswell-court, gave the prisoner a good character.)





THOMAS RICHARDS
 (City police-constable, No. 486.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
