



2043. 




GEORGE BAKER



, feloniously assaulting 



George Bird, and wounding him on the forehead, with intent to resist his lawful apprehension.


MR. CAARTEEN
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN POTTER
 (policeman, V 118). On Sunday, 6th Aug., I was on duty in Battersea Fields—there was a fair there—I saw the prisoner there with a convicted thief—they went behind a gentleman, and he put his hand to the bottom of his pocket, but got nothing there, they then went up to where there was a weighing-machine, and a number of people round it—the prisoner put his hand into Bird's pocket, and took out this handkerchief (produced)—I said, "Have you lost anything?"—he put his hand into bis pocket, and said, "I have lost my handkerchief"—I took the prisoner—he had one corner of the handkerchief in his hand—Bird claimed it, and went with us—on the way to the station we went along a bank in the fields, twelve or fourteen feet high—the prisoner said to Bird, "Pray, let me go"—he said, "No"—the prisoner

came to my assistance—the prisoner knocked him down, very nearly into the Thames—I and Bird caught hold of the prisoner—we struggled against the fence—he endeavoured to get us towards the Thames—he struck me several times in the face, and caught me in the privates—he said, "B----your eyes, I will give it you"—three or four times over he said if I would let him get up he would go quietly—I did so—he struck me again—I saw a soldier while I was struggling, named George Bird, the brother of the other man—I called him to my assistance—he came—we all three went down together—the prisoner was undermost—he said to George Bird, "B----your eyes, I will do something for you," or something to that effect, and threw this brick at him (produced), and cut him over the eye with it—there was a heap of bricks—he laid with his side against them—Tupney came to our assistance—we got the prisoner to the station.

Prisoner. Q. Was any one near me? A. About twenty people—one was a convicted thief, named Scott—I did not say I could make a good job of it now, and I could give you three months—I did not take the handkerchief off the ground—I was in plain clothes—I did not pull your handkerchief till you were black in the face, or kick your head—the blood on you was from Bird's forehead.





CHARLES BIRD
. I am a labourer, of 37, Milton-street, Vincent-square. I was at Battersea Fields, by a weighing-machine—Potter showed me'a handkerchief, which I identified—he took the prisoner—I went with them—he resisted by the river—my brother came to my assistance, and the prisoner gave him a blow on the forehead with a brick.





GEORGE BIRD
. I am a private in the first batalion of Grenadier Guards. I was at Battersea Fields, and saw the struggle—Potter asked me to assist—I took hold of the prisoner by his collar and handkerchief—he got up and made a rush at Potter to strike him—there was a scuffle, and he fell on a heap of bricks—Potter allowed him to get up—the prisoner rushed at him again—we got him down—he threw one or two bricks—the last one struck me on the forehead—I was quite senseless for several minutes—the skin was broken—it bled a great deal—I went to the hospital, and am not yet well.





WILLIAM OWEN TUPNEY
 (policeman, V 48). I was on duty—a gentleman spoke to me—I went, and saw the prisoner scuffling with Potter—George Bird was bleeding furiously—I laid hold of the prisoner—he said, "If you had not come up when you had, I should have split the whole five b----skulls, and then I should have got away"—there was a mob—I took him to the station.





FRANCIS CORNELIUS HUTHWAITE
. I am surgeon to Bird's regiment. I examined his head—he had a contused wound on the forehead—the skin was broken—this brick would have done it—he is still in the hospital—any blunt body thrown with violence would cause a similar wound, but it would require violence.

Prisoner's Defence. The handkerchief was across my legs; I knew nothing about it; the policeman put his knuckles into my neck, and I struck him; he struck me, knocked me down, and knelt on me; the prosecutor struck me several times; I was bruised all over.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

