




1708. 




JOHN HERNE
 was indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Bennett, about the hour of two in the night of the 
12th of April, at 

Lambeth, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 coat, value 10s.; 1 kettle, 6s.; 1 cloak, 2s.; 1 weighing-machine, 10s.; 3 pairs of shoes, 21s.; 1 candlestick, 2s.; 3lbs. weight of pork, 15d.; and 6lbs. weight of ham, 4s.; the goods of John Bennett; and 




PHILIP ROWLAND



 for feloniously receiving the same, well-knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN BENNETT
. I am a cow keeper, residing in North Brixton, in the

parish of St. Mary, Lambeth. On the evening of Wednesday, the 12th of April, I secured my house myself—the kitchen window fastens with a button inside—there is a dairy within my premises—I fastened the dairy-door up myself—I went to bed about eleven, leaving everything safe—between two and three in the morning I thought I heard a bell ring—I got up, knocked against the door, and then went to bed again, hearing no answer—I got up as usual, about five, and went out to milk some cows—I did not examine my house—I got back about a quarter to six, and went to the dairy, which I had fastened the over night, and missed a side of pork, a sheep's tongue, and half a ham from there—from the kitchen I missed a cloak, a coat, a pair of scales, three pairs of shoes, a copper kettle, and a candlestick—I examined the kitchen window, and found it had been cut through by some instrument from outside, and cut the beading of the stop so as to come to the button—they had turned the button round, and a person had got in there—there was the print of the heels—the dairy-door was cut so that something could be put in, and push back the bolt—I was the first person that came down that morning, and the last that went to bed the night before—I have seen some of the property since—it is mine—it was safe in the house over night—it is worth 3l. or 4l.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Was the prisoner the policeman in your neighbourhood? A. No.





RICHARD LAMBURN
 (police-constable D 128.) On Thursday morning, the 13th of April, the day before Good Friday, between nine and ten, I was in bed—I had been out on night duty—my wife called me up to see Herne—he was in the police at that time—he said he knew of a cheap bargain of some things to be sold belonging to a poor man, and wanted me to go down and look at them—he said he thought I could have them cheap, as the poor man was hard up—he wanted 23s. for them, and he should not be surprised if I could have them for less—I was to go to No. 54, James-street, which is about half a mile from Mr. Bennett's—I had heard that Rowland lived there—I went to No. 54, James-street, and there found a Petersham coat and cloak, some scales, and two pairs of shoes—they have since been claimed by the prosecutor—I left 23s. with Herne in case he could not get them for less-on Easter Monday he came down to my house with a boy, and brought the things—he told me he was going to take the boy to show him the races—he said he was obliged to give the 23s., and he left the things with me—they continued at my house till I gave them up to the officer—on the Wednesday Herne came again and told me he had been buying a candlestick cheap, he gave 6d. for it, and thought it was worth the money as old brass—he brought it down a day or two after—I told him I was going to take an iron boiler to Baalzephon-street, Bermondsey, and we took the copper kettle with it—we mentioned the brass candlestick, and a person who lived in Mrs. Edwards's house, said she wanted one, she came over to me the following Wednesday, and purchased it—I had given in my resignation, and was about going into business myself to buy and sell.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you in the police now? A. Yes—I have not been on duty since—I have not heard that I am suspended—I have been on this case—I did not hear anything of this till the 1st of May, and then I gave the things up to Sergeant Slack—I swear I was dealing with these articles, and other articles also—I had nine waistcoats, and some handkerchiefs, which I bought at Burlton's, a pawnbroker in the Walworth-road—I am going to set up a shop, to sell second-hand clothes—I was selling all sorts of articles—some of these things were sent down into the country—Herne and I were going into business together—I thought he was a straight-forward man, and we

were going into the country with a horse and cart—I thought him an honest man—I believe my superior officers have got nothing against me—I do not know whether they know that I am dealing in articles of this description—it is contrary to our regulations to do this—I believe I first began to deal in these articles on the day I sent in my resignation—I had dealt in articles for my own family before that time—I sent in my resignation a month last Wednesday—I cannot recollect how long it was before Good Friday.

Q. What other things did you take to Mrs. Edwards, besides these? A. An iron boiler, a pair of trowsers and a waistcoat, to see if she would buy them—I bought the iron boiler at Birmingham, ten years ago—the waistcoats I bought at Burlton's, the pawnbroker's, a few days before, and the trowsers in the New-cut—Mrs. Edwards is a fellmonger—on the 13th Herne was on duty somewhere in the Brixton-road—I do not do duty there myself—I gave information directly I suspected the things were stolen—I inquired of my brother officer what Herne was locked up for—he said it was for something at North Brixton, and gave me a description of a few things which were stolen—I have been in the tailoring business before I came to London, at Thornbury, in Buckinghamshire.





ELIZABETH LAMBURN
. On Thursday morning, the 13th of April, Herne came to my house, and asked if my husband was at home—I said, "Yes, in bed"—he said he wanted to see him, he had seen some things which he thought he could buy cheap, and he wished him to go and see them, they belonged to a poor man who was hard up—I called my husband twice, and he came down—Herne repeated the same words to him that he told me—they went out together—on Easter Monday he came again, and brought three pairs of shoes, a Petersham coat and cloak, and a copper tea-kettle, and left them—they remained there till Slack came, and my husband delivered them up, as soon as he had suspicions they were stolen.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Have you ever been in the way of dealing with various articles? A. Never—I have been married a long time—I live in James-street, Camberwell—not the same James-street that Herne lived in—we have the house to ourselves—I did not think it an extraordinary thing that a policeman should have such property as this.





MARY EDWARDS
. I am the wife of Henry Edwards, and live in Baalzephon-street, Long-lane, Bermondsey. I have seen Herne once—Lamburn and he came to my house, and brought an iron boiler and a tea-kettle—Lamburn asked me to buy the kettle—I declined—he said he had got a candlestick—Herne was by at the time—I had bought the boiler of Mrs. Lamburn some time before—Hutchings lodged at my house at the time.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST? A. Did you buy any waistcoats? A. We had spoken to Lamburn about them—Herne came apparently to carry them—he did not appear to be bargaining or taking any interest in them—he asked what I thought of their going trafficking—he said to my mother, "What do you think of our concern?"—I had known Lamburn some time—we had lived together two years in one house, at Peckham—I had heard from Lamburn's wife, on Easter Monday, that Lamburn proposed that Herne and he should go about—I had heard Lamburn was going to leave the police.





JANE HUTCHINGS
. I was lodging with Mrs. Edwards—I bought this brass candlestick of Lamburn for 1s., at his house at Peckham.

Cross-examined. Q. Had he many articles for sale? A. Yes, he showed me various articles, a coat and cloak, a copper tea-kettle, scales, and waistcoats.





THOMAS SLACK
 (police-constable P 3.) I produce some shoes and other

articles which I got at Lamburn's house—he was No. 128 in the same division as the prisoner.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Are you the superintendent over Herne? A. No, sergeant—he was not on duty in Addison-place North, Brixton-road, but on the next beat, but it nearly came to the place where the prosecutor lives—Smith did duty in that street—he is discharged—Herne lived at No. 39, James-street, and Rowland lived at No. 54, James-street.

MR. RYLAND. Q. Was Smith discharged in consequence of this burglary? A. Yes—Herne had the night duty, on Wednesday night, on the adjoining beat.





SAMPSON DARKIN CAMPBELL
. I am an inspector of the P division. In consequence of information, on Sunday, the 30th of April, I apprehended Herne at the corner of James-street—on Tuesday, the 2nd of May, I went to No. 54, James-street, with Kendall—I had heard Rowland lived there-he was not at home—I had some conversation with his wife—he afterwards came in—I told him I had come to his house to make some inquiries relative to some property that had been left at his house by Herne the policeman-I read the list of them from this paper—(reads)—"One brown Petershars great coat, one brown cloak, one copper tea-kettle, one brass candlestick, a black velvet waistcoat, a copper scale, with dial, one side of pork, and three pairs of shoes"—he said, "These things were never brought here"—his wife was present, so as to hear that—I said, "You had better be on your guard, your wife has already admitted that the things were brought here"—she said, "You had better tell the truth"—he then said, "On the morning of the 13th of April, between two and three o'clock, I was in the road, near Mr. Myatt's garden, when Herne and Smith came up to me; Herne gave me a side of pork and half a ham, which I carried home; shortly after, while I was lacing my boots, Herne came in with the other things"—Kendall asked him how he was positive as to the day—he said because it was the day before Good Friday, market morning, and that was the reason he was out so early.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you find any of these articles at his house? A. No—I had previously communicated to his wife what I came for—I had got information from Lamburn, who was in our division—he is not discharged—he has been reported to the Commissioners—Herne was acting as a policeman at the time the robbery took place—Rowland's wife was very much alarmed—Rowland did not exhibit any agitation; and when Kendall asked him about the day, he gave every information—he seemed to fix my attention to that day, that I might make no mistake.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. This conversation with Rowland was relative to the things which were said to have been brought by Lamburn? A. Yes—Rowland admitted that they were at his house—it was at Rowland's house that I had the conversation—Herne lives at No. 54, nearly opposite—his wife was not living with him at that time—the police are not allowed to trade at all, or to buy any articles but for their own use—as they had given notice to quit, I should not have reported about their buying a stock of goods, but in ordinary cases I should.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You have been a long time acquainted with the neighbourhood where Rowland lives, and knew him? A. I have known him as a servant of Mr. Myatt—I never knew any thing against him before.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Nor against Herne? A. Not as to his honesty—Myatt is a large market-gardener—Rowland was his carter.






PETER KENDALL
 (police-sergeant P 1.) I went with Campbell, on the 2nd of May, to Rowland's house—I examined Mr. Bennett's premises last Sunday—the outside frame of the kitchen window had been cut, apparently with a knife, so as to admit an instrument to turn the button inside; and that being undone, the opening was large enough for a man to get in—I examined the dairy door, and a portion of the wood was cut where the bolt of the lock shuts, so as to admit an instrument to put the bolt back—I got this candlestick from Mr. Hutchings.





JOHN BENNETT

re-examined. Q. Did the kitchen window and dairy door remain in the state in which they were, on the morning after the robbery, till last Sunday? A. Yes.





SAMSON DARKIN CAMPBELL

re-examined. I was present when the prisoners were examined before Mr. Trail—they were asked if they wished to say any thing, and cautioned in the usual way—what they said was taken down in writing—this is Mr. Trail's signature—(read)—"The prisoner Herne declines saying any thing at present. The prisoner Rowland says, 'On the Thursday before Good Friday Herne bought the things, and on the Thursday I had the meat in the lane from Herne.'"

HERNE—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Life.


ROWLAND—


NOT GUILTY
.
