



669. 




HENRY RAYNES, alias
 George Hopkins

, was indicted

 for uttering counterfeit coin after a previous conviction of a like offence.


MESSRS. ELLIS
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Henry Raynes at this Court in Oct. Session, 1845—I have examined it with the original record in Mr. Clark's office, and it is a true copy—(read.)






HENRY PAULIN
 (police-constable B 185.) I was present at the trial of Henry Raynes in the Oct. Session, 1843, at this Court—the prisoner is the man who was then tried.





MARY COOPER
. I am bar-maid at the Royal Pavilion, Vauxhall-road. On Wednesday evening, the 11th of Feb., a little after six o'clock, the prisoner came to the bar with another man—I had never seen him before—he asked for change for a sovereign—he offered me a good sovereign—I noticed that it was good—he laid it on the counter—I gave him a half-sovereign and 10s. change—I am sure the half-sovereign I gave him was a good one—I had noticed it that afternoon—the prisoner then asked me for a glass of porter, which came to 1d.—I gave it him—he asked his companion to pay for it—he did so—he then turned to me and said, "Then will you give me my sovereign back again?"—I gave him the sovereign, and as I took up the halfsovereign and threw it into the till, it fell lightly—I knew it was a bad one—I took it off the counter—I did not see how it came on the counter—he had plenty of time to change it while I turned my back for the glass of porter—I did not see him touch the change—when it fell into the till Mr. Mackwinnie, who was standing by me, instantly took it up, and gave him in charge—there was no other half-sovereign in the bowl—there are three separate bowls—I marked the half-sovereign at the police station.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Were both these persons given into custody? A. Yes—I had not myself received the half-sovereign that I gave the prisoner in change—my mistress had put it into the till—I did not see it put in—I saw it in the till—it was the only half-sovereign there—the first occasion on which I had occasion to use it was when the prisoner came in for change—my mistress is well and is now at home.

MR. ELLIS. Q. Had you noticed the half-sovereign in the till before you gave to the prisoner? A. Yes—it is a rule for me to get the gold changed for silver before we are busy, but I did not do so on this occasion, as there was only a sovereign and a half in the till—I took them both up and they were good—I did not ring them.





ANDREW MACKWINNIE
. I am son-in-law of the owner of the Royal Pavilion. On Wednesday, the 11th of Feb., about six o'clock in the evening, I was in the bar parlour—the prisoner and another man came to the bar—the prisoner asked the barmaid if she could give him change for a sovereign—she said "Yes"—I saw her give him 10s. in silver and a half-sovereign—I afterwards saw a half-sovereign and some silver lying on the counter—I did not see Cooper take it up—I had noticed the half-sovereign that was in the till in the afternoon, and noticed that it was good—I heard the half-sovereign that was returned fall into the till, and I noticed by the sound that it was bad—the prisoner was given into custody with his companion—I kept the halfsoverign and gave it to the policeman—I have occasion to go to the till to notice the money that is taken, and the quantity, and that day I took very Particular notice of the money taken, and I know there was a good sovereign and a good half-sovereign in the till.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you ring it? A. No, I did not, but I could tell it was good without sounding it.





CHARLES ROOPE EWART
. I am an ironmonger, and live in Shaftesbury-terrace, Pimlico—on the 7th of Feb. the prisoner came to my shop, about twelve o'clock in the day, and asked for a knife that was in the window, which came to 1s.—he bought it, and laid me down a sovereign to pay for it—I examined the sovereign, and found it to be good—I went up stairs to get changing, leaving my apprentice in the shop—I got from my cash-box a good half sovereign and 9s.—I brought it down, counted it before the prisoner, and

laid it on the counter—I am quite sure the half-sovereign I brought down was a good one—a boy came in with the prisoner, and when I had counted out the change to the prisoner, the boy immediately said he wanted a knife—he had said nothing about wanting a knife before—I turned round with my back to the counter to get a paper of knives—the prisoner immediately pushed a half-sovereign to me, and said he did not like the look of it—that was a bad half-sovereign—it was not the half-sovereign I had put down—I said the one I laid down was a good one, I could not conceive how it was a bad one, yet I saw it was, but I could not have a piece of work with him because my wife was ill up stairs, and therefore I put up with the loss, and gave him the change—the boy paid for his knife, and they went away—I kept the half-sovereign apart from other money, and afterwards gave it to Cripps, the policeman—I first of all showed it to different tradesmen.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner before? A. No.





JOHN CRIPPS
 (police-constable B 157.) I was called to the Royal Pavilion on the evening of the 11th of Feb., and found the prisoner and another man there—I took them into custody, by desire of Mr. Mackwinnie, for "ringing the changes," and giving a bad half-sovereign to the bar-maid—they made no observation—I conveyed them both to the station, and found on the prisoner a good sovereign and a ring—he told me he lodged at No. 2, Carpenter's-buildings, Back-fields—I went there, searched the room, and found this counterfeit guinea, wrapped up in paper on the chimney-glass—in consequence of something that reached me afterwards, I went to Mr. Evans, and received from him this sovereign which I produce—this other halfsovereign I received from Mr. Macwinnie—I found no half-sovereign on the other man.
Mr. JOHN FIELD. I am an inspector of counterfeit coin to the Royal Mint—these two half-sovereigns are both counterfeit in all respects—this guinea is also counterfeit.

Cross-examined. Q. How are the half-sovereigns made? A. They are cast in Britannia metal and electro-gilt—they may be easily detected by sound or weight, but not by sight.

COURT. Q. Are both the half-sovereigns from the same mould? A. No, one is dated 1842 and the other 1844—the date of the guinea is 1795—that is brass, gilt.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.

