



868. 



MARK CUNDALE



, stealing 1 purse, value 6d.; 1 bag, 1d.; 8 sovereigns, 6 half-sovereigns, 12 half-crown, 40 shillings, 20 sixpences, and 30 groats, the property of 



Thomas Barlow, in the dwelling-house of 



William Collett; having been before convicted.






THOMAS BARLOW.
 I am waiter at the Cock Tavern, Fleet-street. The prisoner had been porter there five or six months—it is the dwelling-house of William Collett—I saw the money stated safe in a drawer there on Monday night, the 14th Feb., at half-past one o'clock—I missed it next morning when I came to business—the lock was apparently safe, but the money had been taken by a brocket having been removed—the prisoner absconded the same morning at eight, and on the next Thursday morning a letter arrived—it was not addressed to me—I do not know the prisoner's writing—no money has been found.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY
Q. You unlocked the drawer just as usual? A. Yes—I found a serew-driver in a different place to where it had been—there were some chimney-sweepers there that morning—I cannot say when I had seen it last—the prisoner offered to fight me a week before he went.






WILLIAM PITCHER.
 I keep the Horse and Groom, at Swaffham, in Norfolk. I saw the prisoner at my house on 16th Feb.—I saw him writing, but did not see what he wrote—it was on the same sort of paper that this letter is—he was writing towards the bottom of the paper, and in rather a larger hand than the top—this letter is so—I believe this to be it—he had several sovereigns, and some silver and coppers altogether.

Cross-examined. Q. You did not look over his shoulder? A. No—I was not asked before, whether the writing was larger at the bottom than the top—(This letter was addressed, "Ann Collins, Cock Tavern, Fleet-street," and contained the following expressions: "I must have been in a state of madness when I did that; to think I should bring disgrace on my family; I do not know what made me do it," &c.—signed, "MARK CUNDALE.")





EDWIN HILL
 (City policeman, 331.) I took the prisoner on Wednesday—I told him it was for absconding with 16l. of Mr. Barlow's—he said, "I suppose you will make a better job of this than you did of the last?" I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court, in June, 1847, (read)—in Aug., 1847, he was ordered to be imprisoned four days—be prisoner is the person.




GUILTY.—


Transported for Seven Years.

