



1864. 




SAMUEL BARRELL
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Lutman, at 

St. Mary Abbott's, Kensington, and stealing I shawl, value 5s.; and 1 handkerchief, 3s.; his goods; having been before convicted of felony.






JOHN LUTMAN.
 I am a gardener, and live at Old Brompton—I occupy two rooms—the landlord does not live in the house—no one lives there but me and my wife—on the 13th of July, about one o'clock in the day, I went home—I received information, and went after the prisoner—there were two

men with him—I saw them before me, coming towards me—they passed me, and I went after them—I did not see the prisoner caught, but went home—I found a pane of glass broken in my window, the latch moved on one side, and the window opened, so that a person could get in—I went in, and missed a handkerchief and, shawl—I do recollect seeing them there that morning—I am quite sure they were there on Sunday—I went to work at two o'clock in the morning, leaving my house locked, my window shut, and my wife in the house—she is not here—she did not sleep in that room.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me break the window? A. No, but I saw blood on your finger.





GEORGE BETTS.
 I live at 2, Cromwell-row, Old Brompton. On the 13th of July, about half-past one o'clock, I was in front of our house, and saw the prisoner and two other at Mr. Lutman's window—the prisoner got up to the window, and tapped with his knuckle—I heard something fall, like glass—he got down; one of the other jumped up, got in at the window, and came out with a bundle—they all three ran away together—I called, "Stop, thief!"—I afterwards met Mr. Lutman, and told him what I had seen—I knew the prisoner before by sight, and am quite certain he is the boy.

Prisoner. Q. How high is the window from the ground? A. About two feet—I was about 200 yards from you—I could see you quite plainly.

JURY.
Q. How old are you? A. Twelve, last week.





ELIZABETH CHAMBERS FOSTER.
 I live in Camera-street—I saw the prisoner running with a silk-handkerchief—I saw him throw it over a wall in Camera-square—Mr. Lander picked it up, and gave it to a policeman—I am sure the prisoner is the person—I had never seen him before.

Prisoner. Q. What coloured handkerchief was if? A. Chocolate.





DAVID EAGLE.
 I am a butcher, and live In Camera-square—I was by the Goat in Boots on this day, met Mr. Lutman running—the prisoner and two others passed me, and looked very hard at me—I knew the prisoner before, and am sure he is one of the three Mr. Lutman followed—in consequence of what Mr. Lutman said, I ran and took the prisoner by Old Church—he said, "I suppose you do not want to do much in it; I will give you a sovereign to square it"—he said he would not have broken in, but it was a market-gardener's. and not a poor man's house.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see any one running a head of me? A. Two boys—they made their escape—I did not see the hand kerchief in your hand—I was too much engaged.





ROBERT MITTELL
 (policeman.) I took the prisoner, searched him, and found nothing on him—Mr. Lander gave me this handkerchief (produced.)





ELIZABETH CHAMBERS FOSTER

re-examined. This is the same coloured handkerchief that I saw the prisoner throw

MR. LUTMAN
re-examined. This handkerchief is my property—it was in the house on the Sunday.

Prisoner's Defence. The man took me, and said, "What have you been up to?" I said, "Nothing;" he said, "I know you have, and if you like to give me a trifle, or drop of beer, I will let you go;" I said, "No," and he held me till the policeman came; he says, I offered him a sovereign; the policeman knows I had no such money about me.





JOHN PORTSMOUTH.
 I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted July, 1846, and confined six months)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

