



1311. 




GEORGE BLANEY



, stealing 1 watch, value 3l.; the goods a 



Richard Hammond, from his person; having been before convicted.






RICHARD HAMMOND.
 I live in New-street, Shadwell. I met the prisoner on 18th April—I went to two public-houses with him, and then to a private house in Keate-street—he went up stairs—I said I should not go up there—he said, "Come in"—I went up—he said he had to call there on a friend, as I understood him—when we got up, he went out for something to drink—he was gone about ten minutes—when he came back he said, "I have kept you a long while waiting; do you know what the time is?"—I said, "Yes, but I think my watch stops"—I took my watch out—he caught it out of my hand, and ran out—I ran and held him by the hand—two men camp in and seized my arm, and the prisoner escaped—this was about a quarter before seven o'clock in the evening—I am sure he is the man; I can swear to his voice, as well as his person—I was in his company an hour and three quarters.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
A. He was quite a stranger to you? A. Yes—I gave him in charge five or six days afterwards—I caught him in Petticoat-lane—when he robbed me he had a frock-coat on; I think a dark olive one—I never said that the person who tool my watch wore a blue coat—I had drank two pints of half-and-half and a glass of grog—I was perfectly sober—I am a smith—I can drink a great deal more than that—when the prisoner first came up to me he said it was rather inclined to wet—I said yes—he then asked if I would accept a cheroot—I may have looked out at the window of the house—I did not beckon any girls—the prisoner asked me if I wanted a women—he opened the sash and beckoned, and a woman came up—he wanted me to have one, but I declined—I think I was ten or twelve minutes in the house—I and the men who had hold of me went down stairs together, to the best of my knowledge—I found myself at the bottom.





WILLIAM MASLIN
 (policeman, H 151.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted Aug., 1846, and confined six months)—the prisoner is the person, and he has been summarily convicted since, and had three months.




GUILTY. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.

