




808. 




CHARLES DE BEHR
 was indicted

 for a misdemeanor.


MESSRS. PHILLIPS, BODKIN, and
BRETT
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM OSBORNE RICH
. I hold an appointment in the War-office—I have been in that department thirty-two years—I reside at Sydenham, in Kent. I was an acquaintance of Mr. and Mrs. Snow's, of Portland-place—I have been an old friend of the Snow family many years—I visited Mr. and Mrs. Snow at Portland-place—we were on very intimate terms—my daughters also visited there—in December last I had heard that unpleasant differences had caused a separation between them—on the 18th of December the prisoner came to the War-office—I had never seen him before, to my knowledge—he introduced himself as Baron de Behr—I had never heard that name or title before, to my recollection—be gave me his card with that name printed on it—he said he came to me from Mrs. Snow, as her friend—he supposed I had heard what had happened—I told him I knew nothing, but I was very anxious to hear—he said there was some letters in Portland-place which Mrs. Snow was particularly anxious to have—that he could obtain those letters through the housekeeper, whom he had seen—they were to be obtained through bribing the housekeeper—that she must be bribed by either 300l. or 500l.—I cannot exactly swear which he mentioned—I said I would have nothing to do with the letters—he then said it would be very unkind to her, as she wished particularly to have them, and as she had no money I must assist her—he asked if I could not advance 500l.—I said, "Decidedly no, I had it not"—he then said, "250l.?"—I said I had it not—he then said, "What can you advance?"—I replied, "Perhaps I could find 50l."—(he had said before that he had advanced all he had in Mrs. Snow's service—130l. was mentioned—he said he had advanced 130l. of his own)—I then got five 10l. notes and gave them to him—he then left, saying he would go immediately to the housekeeper—I parted with the five 10l. notes from a belief of what he told me—I took no security or acknowledgment—he did not offer me any—the 18th was on a Saturday—he came to me again on the following Monday, the 20th, at the War-office, and said the house keeper was not satisfied, and must have more—I told him I had not more to spare—he said, "You must find 50l. more to serve your friend"—after some hesitation I gave him 50l. more, two 10l. notes, five 5l. notes, and five sovereigns—he said, striking his breast, "You may trust a nobleman and a man of honour," and that he would procure the letters that day—I saw him again some days after—he called several times—I cannot remember any particular day, and he told me all the letters were safe, that he had procured them—he came to the War-office on the 30th of December, and said again that he had come from Mrs. Snow, that she was distressed for money, and I must advance her some for her own private use—I said he had taken all I had—he then proposed drawing a bill of exchange for 160l.—I told him I did not understand bill transactions, and declined to do it—he eventually persuaded me to accept the bill—he said it would be extremely unkind to Mrs. Snow, who looked to me to assist her—in the belief that that was true I consented to accept the bill—he produced the stamp—he went and fetched the stamp, and the bill was then drawn.





JOSEPH EHN
. I am clerk to the solicitor for the prosecution. I served a notice, of which this is a copy, on the prisoner in Newgate, four or five days ago—(the notice being read, was to the defendant and his attorney



to produce five 10l. notes, two other 10l. notes, five 5l. notes, and a bill of exchange for 160l.)

MR. RICH
continued. I wrote my name on the bill.

MR. CHARNOCK (for the defendant.) Q. Have not you seen that bill in the possession of a third party since? A. I have—it was not in the prisoner's hand—a stranger to me came with it and asked if it was my signature—I said, "Yes"—this was about the 5th or 6th of January, at the War-office—nobody was present—he did not give me his card or his name—he did not say why he asked me—the prisoner had told me a person would call—he merely asked if it was my signature, and if it would be paid when it became due—he did not say his object was to discount it, that I remember, but that was my impression, as the prisoner had told me his banker would discount it—the gentleman did not mention Cassiday, or any name.

MR. BODKIN. Q. How soon was that after the prisoner told you somebody would come? A. Three or four days—I accepted that bill—it was for 160l., at three months' date, drawn by the prisoner—I accepted it, payable at Drummond's, my banker's, to the order of the drawer.

Q. What induced you to part with the second 50l.? A. His saying the housekeeper was not satisfied with the first 50l.—I accepted, and parted with the bill of exchange because the prisoner told me it was for Mrs. Snow's private use, and she was in great distress, believing her, from his representation, to be in great distress—on the day I accepted the bill lie said, "Make your mind easy, I shall be in the receipt of money at the beginning of January, and I will give you an undertaking to repay you the 160l. "—he gave me an undertaking in writing—he undertook to pay it between the 6th and 10th of January—this is the paper he gave me—(read)—"I hereby acknowledge to have received of Mr. O. Rich, of the War-office, a bill of exchange for the amount of 160l., drawn by myself and accepted by him, which I promise to provide for when it becomes due. The bill is at three months' date from this day. London, December 30, 1841. DE BEHR."

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Be kind enough to look at that letter (marked A.) do you know it? A. Yes, it is my handwriting—it was written on the 19th of January last—I dated it the 19th of January, 1841, by mistake, instead of 1842—it was sent to the prisoner—Letter read, "A. Exhibited to me, this 21th day of January, 1842, by the attorney of the prisoner.—T. J. HALL."—" War-office, Wednesday, "January, 1841, four o'clock. Baron,—You used me ill, and so you would "think of me, if I made promises which I did not perform punctually; you "have more than once failed in your engagements, without any satisfactory "reason; you have represented yourself as a nobleman, and a man of "honour; as such I have treated you, and as such, I wish to consider you. "A man of honour I always thought was punctual to his engagements, and "more especially in money matters. You, who can command so many "thousands, cannot have any difficulty in returning me, according to your "promise, the sum of money you obtained from me for your temporary ac-"commodation, which sum is to me a very large one, although a trifling one "to you. You would have heard news to-day, if you had kept your word "of honour as a nobleman, and come here to settle with me, according to "your promise, which you ought to have done on Monday; and failing in "that, you were more bound to fulfil your promise of coming here for that "purpose to-day.—I am, Baron, your obedient servant, W. O. RICH."


"P. S. If you wish all the circumstances to be made public, I have no objection; the public may call me a fool, which perhaps you have thought me, but it will do me justice, and be satisfied I have done nothing in the business at all dishonourable. My son says you have obtained about 16s. from him."

MR. BODKIN. Q. Will you explain under what circumstances you wrote that letter? A. On the 17th of January the prisoner had promised to call and pay me the money—he did not call, but on that day I taw Mr. Kinnerston, Mrs. Snow's father, who made a statement to me, and I told him something—in consequence of the conversation between us I suspected the prisoner—on Wednesday, the 19th, I again saw Mr. Kinnerston, and after seeing him, I wrote that letter.

MR. CHARNOCK. Q. In what department of the War-office are you? A. In the accountant department—I am well acquainted with figures—they require great accuracy—I have been in that department the greater part of the time I have been there, and from time to time have been promoted—I never saw the prisoner before the 18th of December, to my knowledge—I do not know a Mr. Squire, a stock-broker—I never had any dealings or transactions with the prisoner before the 18th of December, not any connected in any manner with the War-office, that I recollect—I had not made arrangements with the prisoner to give him certain information—I have not given him certain information connected with the, War-office, that I recollect—I do not recollect his making any inquiry about the office—he might have done to in conversation, but I have no recollection of what passed, if he did mention the subject—I have never, supplied him with copies of papers out of the War-office—I never met the prisoner at the West-end of the town in company with Mr. Squire—Mrs. Snow is now residing with her father in Arlington-street—I do not know, how long she has resided there—I have not visited her at her father's—I last visited her in March last in Portland-place—I visited Mr. Snow—I have corresponded with Mrs. Snow since then, and Mrs. Snow with me—my letters to her were sent by post—I might occasionally have sent them by private hand, by a servant, or otherwise, I believe I have—my acquaintance with Mrs. Snow commenced after her marriage, which took place about ten years ago—I have not corresponded with her from that time down to the present—I ceased to correspond with her, to the best of my recollection, the beginning of last December—I have not written to her since last December, nor received letters from her, that I recollect—they left town last March or April—I do not know that they are not living together—I have seen Mrs. Snow during my attendance at this Court—they were abroad at the time, and I do not know when the separation took place—I do not know it from Mrs. Snow—I know that she is now separated from her husband, and that they are not living together.

Q. Why did you cease to correspond with Mrs. Snow? A. By her desire—my letters to her were frequent at times—it is quite impossible X can state what number—I have no idea—sometimes they were ten a month, and sometimes not one a month—twenty a month is a good deal more than I can swear to—I cannot swear as to fifteen—I wrote a great many.

Q. Were you ever with Mr. De Behr, at Long's Hotel? A. yes—on Monday the 20th of December, he invited me to dine with him—I did dine with him—I went with him there.


COURT. Q. Was that before or after he got the second 50l.? A. After.

MR. CHARNOCK. Q. What time in the day was the transaction about the second 50l.? A. About twelve o'clock, I think, or between twelve and one—he invited me to dine, and I consented to do so—we had a very good dinner, and plenty of wine—it was not a particularly merry affair—I do not remember any particular conversation that took place.

Q. Why, was not Mrs. Snow the main stay of your conversation? A. Part of the time—we talked chiefly on that subject—I believe the express object of the dinner was to talk about Mrs. Snow.

Q. Did you, or not, on that occasion express great anxiety about the letters you had written to Mrs. Snow? A. I should say not—I expressed anxiety for her—I did not express anxiety about my letters, for I remember saying to the prisoner, "So far as I am concerned, I don't care that for the letters" (snapping his fingers)—the letters were the subject of conversation, so far as to say that—I certainly did not say that I would not for all the world that any of those letters should fall into the hands of Mr. Snow—no one was present at the dinner—the letters described by the prisoner were from me and others.

Q. Were you anxious to get up your own letters and the letters of other persons? A. Only by the prisoner telling me that Mrs. Snow wished for them—I was anxious only from what the prisoner said, that Mrs. Snow was anxious.

Q. Were you not anxious that the letters should not fall into the hands of Mr. Snow? A. Merely from that circumstance—I cannot positively say what time the dinner at Long's broke up, but I believe it was about ten o'clock—it began about seven—I think I saw the prisoner between the 20th and 30th of December, but I cannot say positively—he called on me several times at the office, but I do not remember any particular date—he came over to my house at Sydenham on Sunday, the 2nd of January—he did not come there by invitation, that I swear—I was not apprised of his intended visit—I do not know exactly at what time he came, but it was before I returned home from church—I found him there on my return from church—he dined with me on that occasion—I dined between the morning and evening services, and he partook of my dinner—I have been a widower between fourteen and fifteen years—my family consists of two daughters and a son—the prisoner had introduced himself to them before I came home—I think he left about three o'clock, or between three and four—Mrs. Snow was the subject of our conversation on that occasion—I have no recollection of the next time I saw the prisoner, but he called on me at the office—he came to Sydenham twice—the second time was on the 16th of January—he dined with me and my family then.

Q. Now, did you on that, or any other occasion, desire the prisoner to wait on Mr. Snow? A. I did not, not for any purpose whatever—he told me he was frequently in the habit of seeing Mrs. Snow—I did not on any occasion direct the prisoner to wait on Mr. Snow relative to some provision for Mrs. Snow—my son did not on any occasion accompany the prisoner any where to my knowledge—I have heard my son say he had once been with the prisoner—I believe my son is not here.

MR. BODKIN. Q. What is your age? A. Fifty-three—my eldest daughter is twenty-one, and the other seventeen—some short time since I

lost a daughter, and on that occasion Mrs. Snow attended her, and behaved very kindly to her—she was with her just before she died.

Q. About this dinner at Long's; was Long's the first house that was mentioned, or were you to have dined together at another house? A. The prisoner desired me to meet him at the Golden Cross, Charing-cross—I did not know where we were to dine—when I got to the Golden Cross the prisoner came out—we got into a hack cab, and drove to Long's hotel—he gave me no reason for that—he ordered the dinner—we had a good deal of wine after dinner—there was champagne—the prisoner paid for the dinner—I did not see either of my own notes changed.





ELIZABETH DIXON
. In January last I was housekeeper to Mr. Snow, who lived at No. 72, Portland-place—the establishment was broken up, which was the cause of my leaving—I know the prisoner—he was introduced to me by my sister last September—(Mr. and Mrs. Snow were then abroad)—we were intimate friends—he several times asked me to marry him—he represented himself as the Secretary for Foreign Affairs, and he showed me some letters—we never conversed at all with respect to my master and mistress—just after Mr. Snow returned home, the prisoner asked me why Mrs. Snow was not returned.

COURT. Q. Did you let him into the unhappy differences that were supposed to exist? A. No, I did not.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. In the course of your conversation was the name of Mr. Rich mentioned at all? A. Yes, on one occasion—I never instructed the prisoner to get money in order to bribe me to give up letters of Mr. Rich's—I never asked him for money—I never proposed to deliver up any letters in case money was given me for them, neither letters of Mr. Rich's or anybody else—I never received 50l. from the prisoner, or any sum whatever, on the condition of giving up letters belonging to Mr. Rich or anybody else—I never had any conversation whatever with the prisoner on the subject of letters in my possession, which I was to give up for money—I never told him I was not satisfied with a sum of money that was offered—letters were never mentioned between us—he never offered me anything—I never received 50l. from him for certain letters, nor did he ever offer me 50l. for certain letters—I never said I was not satisfied with 50l., or with "the money," and that I must have more—I never had any conversation of that kind with the prisoner.

COURT. Q. Did he ever propose to you to give you a sum of money to deliver up letters in your possession? A. No—I never represented to him that I had letters addressed to Mrs. Snow in my possession—I never said that I was not satisfied with the money, nor that I wanted more money, nor that I wanted any money to deliver up any letters—I never represented that there were letters of consequence to Mrs. Snow in Portland-place, which could be obtained by bribing me.

Q. Had you any such letters in your possession? A. There were letters of Mrs. Snow's in my possession, I mean letters belonging to Mrs. Snow—the prisoner never had any opportunity of knowing that fact from me—he never asked me any question about any letters—my sister was not aware that I had got any letters.





MRS. GEORGINA SNOW
. I am the wife of Mr. Robert Snow. I have been married ten years last January—I have two children living—I resided in Portland-place—I left England with Mr. Snow the Utter end of June last,

before that, I had been staying with Mr. Snow at Twickenham—I think I went to Twickenham in the latter end of March as well as I can remember—Mr. Snow and I have not lived happily together for some time—while we were on the Continent, those differences resulted in our separation—Mr. Snow came to England in November last, leaving me in Paris—one of my brothers came to Paris, and brought me to England—I am now living at my father's house in Arlington-street—I have known Mr. Rich, of the War-office, for several years—he has been on intimate terms with my husband and myself, and his daughters also—I remember seeing the prisoner when he was brought before the Magistrate on this charge—I had never, to my knowledge, seen him in my life before that time—I never authorized or requested him to make any application to Mr. Rich for money to procure letters from my housekeeper—I never authorized him to make any application to Mr. Rich for money on my account under any pretence whatever—I never sent him to Mr. Rich as my friend—I never had any conversation with him in my life.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you say Mr. Rich was acquainted with yourself and Mr. Snow? A. Yes, he was acquainted with me soon after I married—he is an old friend of Mr. Snow's family—I was in the habit of writing to Mr. Rich, and of receiving answers, often—I cannot exactly say how often, not very often—perhaps oftener than once a month, it might be five times a month—about three times a month I suppose within the last three years—it might have been oftener, yes, perhaps it was sometimes—never ten times a month I should say—I will not say I never received ten letters in a particular month—I dare say I have received and answered ten letters in one month—they came directed to me, by post, and sometimes his daughter brought them when she came to see me.

Q. Have you those letters by you? A. Some of them were left in Portland-place, and others are destroyed—those that were left in Portland-place were locked up in a drawer, the key of which was left with Mrs. Snow, Mr. Snow's mother, in Saville-row—there were other letters and odd papers in a basket, of no importance, which were also locked up, and the key of that place was in Saville-row—they were left in Saville-row under the care of Mrs. Snow when I went abroad—I am not aware that there were any other letters besides those two parcels, which I have referred to.

Q. Why were some of those letters destroyed? A. I do not know—I destroyed them as soon as I read them—there were no letters in the hands of any other person in the house, that I am aware of—I have written to Mrs. Dixon, the housekeeper—I am not aware that Mrs. Dixon had any letters of mine—I did not correspond with Mrs. Dixon.

Q. Did not you write from the Continent to Mrs. Dixon? A. Mr. Snow wrote once, and I wrote from Paris once, to tell her that Mr. Snow was coming home—I never corresponded with Mrs. Dixon on any other occasion—Mr. Snow wrote, I believe—I never did.

Q. Had you been in Paris before this visit that you took with Mr. Snow? A. Yes, several years ago—I was not there by myself, I was with my father—I was there about two months, about seven years ago—I did not go into society at all, and made no Parisian acquaintances—on the last occasion I was in Paris about three weeks, I think, or not quite so much—I have only been in Paris twice since I married—I was not educated in Paris—I have been a good deal abroad—when I was in Paris last I did not keep much

company—I went to visit some friends of my father's in the country, some distance from Paris, near Versailles—Mr. Snow did not accompany me—he was in England.

Q. How long did you remain in Paris after Mr. Snow quitted? A. Not quite a fortnight—I resided during that fortnight at an hotel in the Area di Rivoli—I did not reside there all the six weeks—I had previously resided at the hotel Maurice, but Mr. Snow wished roe to move to the other hotel—he took apartments there for me before he left Paris—I never saw the prisoner till the day I appeared before the Magistrate—that is correct—I never saw him in Paris, nor in any part of England—I never met him at Dulwich—I spent eight or nine years on the Continent before I married—I have never, by letter or otherwise, received any presents from the prisoner, not within the last twelve months, or two years—I never received a ring with a ruby—there are some proceedings going on at this time between Mr. Snow and myself in the Ecclesiastical Court.

MR. BODKIN. Q. I believe those proceedings have been instituted by yourself? A. Yes, I am the complaining party—my former visit to Paris was about the period when I lost one of my children—that is seven years ago—I was accompanied from Paris, on the last occasion, by my eldest brother, not the one who is head-master of St. Paul's school—I was very unwell while I was staying at my brother's house at St. Paul's, which was when I first arrived, on the 8th of December—I went straight to my brother's house, and remained there till the 51st of December—I was very ill indeed from the 13th—I was taken ill on the 13th, and remained very ill until I left on the 31st—I never stirred out of the house—when I left on the 31st, I went to my father's in Arlington-street—on the 5th of January, I went to Mr. Whittaker's, a friend' of my father's, in Surrey, and remained there till the 17th of January—I did not come to London in the mean time—on the 17th of January I went to my father's again, and have remained there from that time to the present—I am there now.




GUILTY
. Aged 38.—


Transported for Seven Years.
