



2520. 




GEORGE WOOD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of Au-gust, 1 coat, value 3l., the goods of 



John Chittleburg; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN CHITTLEBURG
. I live in Portland-street. On the 8th of August I and my wife were in a gig opposite the Deaf and Dumb Asylum, in the Kent-road—I imagine it was about a quarter to nine o'clock in the evening—I called at a friend's house, and left my wife's cloak and my own

dark green coat, with a velvet collar, in the gig—I was absent about half an hour—I had left a boy with my gig, who had run up and asked if he should hold the horse—when I came out my coat was gone—I have never seen it since.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Have you never seen the boy that you left in charge of the chaise? A. He was there when I came out—I have not seen him since.





RICHARD FREEMAN
. I am apprentice to Mr. Walker, a grocer, in Old Rent-road. I know the prisoner—I have seen him about the cab-rank often—on the evening of the 8th of August I was walking in the Kent-road, near the Deaf and Dumb Asylum, and saw the prisoner take the coat from the chaise—it was a dark coat—he stood at the corner and pat it on his arm, and walked off.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you not go after him? A. No, I went to put my master's chaise away—I was walking behind my master's pony, which James was leading—I was three or four yards from the person who took the coat—I was going towards the Bricklayer's Arms—he went across the road, and down Mason-street—I put my master is chaise away, and then came back, and waited till the prosecutor came out—it was a dark night.





EDWARD JAMES
. I was in the service of Mr. Walker, of the Kent-road. On that night I was leading my master's horse in the Kent-road—I saw the prisoner with the coat on his arm—I knew him quite well before—it was a dark coat—I think this was ten or twelve yards from the Deaf and Dumb Asylum when he got the coat—he ran into the middle of the road, and made his escape—I am sure he is the person.

Cross-examined. Q. You did not go after him? A. No, I did not leave the pony—I was five or six yards from him—Freeman is in the same service as I was then—I left the service on Friday fortnight, because of some tales about me.





JAMES WARD
 (police-constable M 220.) The two witnesses described the prisoner to me—I found him on the 8th of August, about half-past ten or a quarter to eleven o'clock at night, in the King's Arms—I sent the witnesses in, who came out and said that Wood was there smoking a pipe—I went in, and told him I took him for stealing a coat from the door of Mr. Dedman, in the Kent-road—he said he knew nothing about it, he had been in the public-house all day.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he not say he had been in that public-house all the afternoon? A. "All day"—I will swear I told the Magistrate he said "all day."

MR. PAYNE
called






THOMAS CAMP
. I live in Flint-street, Lock's-fields. I remember Sunday evening, the 8th of August, when the prosecutor's coat was said to have been stolen—I was not in the King's Arms when the prisoner was taken, but I went there about eight o'clock that evening, and went away a little before ten—the prisoner was there when I went, and there when I left, and during the time I remained there, he was in front of the house, or close to it—I was sitting inside the house, at a table in the front—I think I did not lose sight of the prisoner for a minute—I am a town-traveller in the cigar and tobacco trade—I think I may say with confidence that the prisoner was not away from the King's Arms—that is not more than 150

or 200 yards from the Deaf and Dumb Asylum—I do not know Mason-street.

COURT. Q. Who are you traveller to? A. Mr. Faulkener and Mr. Hall, in the tobacco and cigar trade—I go about from one street to an-other—I frequent the King's Arms about once or twice a week—I am paid a commission on the quantity of goods I sell—I have known the prisoner three or four years—he was a cab proprietor—I understand he now drives a cab—he had part of a pint of ale with me that night, or two pints—we were scarcely two hours drinking together—I do not know how long a man would be carrying a coat 150 yards—the prisoner's whole time was not occupied with me that night—I saw him there, and he drank with me—I paid for it—he is not a friend of mine—I employed him three years ago—I can say with confidence that the prisoner did not leave the King's Arms that night—he was not out of the house, during the two hours, for an interval of many minutes.

Prisoner. Freeman swore to another man at Union Hall, and yet they have never mentioned any thing about that; and his master said, "I will make it all right for you, but we will do it for him."





RICHARD FREEMAN

re-examined. Another man was running after the prisoner down the street, but the prisoner was the man who took the coat.

COURT. Q. Have you seen the man that was behind the prisoner since? A. Yes, he was always about the Bricklayer's Arms with the prisoner, but the prisoner is the man who took the coat.





JAMES WARD

re-examined. The other man was apprehended the same evening—the witnesses said he was running across the road, but that the prisoner had the coat on his arm—Mr. Trail said there was not evidence enough to convict the other, and he should discharge him.





CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
 (police-constable L 31.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read)—the prisoner is the person—he was tried at Kingston.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.
