



1746. 



THOMAS BAKER
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Benjamin Benton, about the hour of two in the night of the 
15th of April, at 
St. Nicholas Acons, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 loaf of bread, value 4d.; 4lbs. weight of cheese, value 4s. 2d; 3lbs, weight of mutton, value 1s. 6d.; 3lbs, weight of pudding, value 6d.; 3 pence, and 5 halfpence, his property; 1 shilling, 1 sixpence, and 1 penny, the monies of 



John Petty Muspratt; and 1 slipper, value 6d., the goods of 



James Edmonson.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY ELLIS
. I am servant to Mr. Benton, of No. 33, Abchurch-lane. The prisoner was in his service for eight months, be left on the 21st of February—about ft fortnight after that, between one and two o'clock in the afternoon, I was going up stairs, and saw the prisoner and another boy behind a door in the passage—I went up and told my master, then came down, and pursued the prisoner—he ran into a court, and I lost sight of him—I fastened up the house on the night of the 15th of April, as soon as it got dark—I dare say it was after eight—it was all fast about ten, when I went to bed—I came down in the morning, at five o'clock, and perceived the area-door open—it was fastened when I went to bed the night before—the kitchen drawers were opened, and the things pulled out, and also the things out of a work-box which was in the window—a few halfpence were taken from the work-box, and twopence from under an egg-cup on the dresser, which was there the night before—a piece of mutton, a pudding, a loaf of bread, and some cheese were taken out of the safe—Mr. Musprat has an office on the first-floor-a desk of his was broken open—it was supposed the thieves had got in from the churchyard, over the shed into the area—a board had been taken out by the side of the area-door, and the canvas was cut through—that would enable a person to put his hand in and undo the fastening—any person who had been living in the house would know where the fastening of the door was—the opening was just by the fastening—I found a pair of shoes on the shed

above the safe—these now produced are them—I know them to be the prisoner's shoes—they were not there the night before, for I had cleaned that window the night before.

Cross-examined by.
MR. DOANE. Q. Do you go down steps to the area? A. No—it is at the back of the house, and adjoins St. Nicholas churchyard—it is the kitchen door I speak of—there is no way of getting in without getting over the churchyard—there are railings to the church-yard, but the railings on our side were broken before this—by getting over there, a person could get over into the yard, and come down to the area-door—it is a door in a small yard—it opens into the kitchen—you must get into the area before you get to the door—I saw that door safe the night before, before I went to bed, I fastened it myself—the board is outside, and the canvas inside—it was painted—the canvas was broken just enough for the hand to go in, just by where the fastening of the door was—I remember the prisoner purchasing these shoes some time before he left—I know them by the particular way he always trod—I had nothing to do with his shoes—I did not clean them—I saw them when he brought them home—I cannot say exactly how long it was before he left, that he brought them home—I should say it was nearly two months—he bad a pair of Bluchers before he had these—he wore these alternately with the Bluchers—they were new when he bought them—they were not in this state when I saw them last—they are more worn.





CHARLOTTE BENTON
. I am the wife of Benjamin Benton. The prisoner was in his employment, and left on the 21st of February—on the 16th April I received information from Ellis, and was shown these shoes—I know them by the lace in them—it was a stay lace, and I reproached the prisoner with it on the Friday, and asked him if that was the way in which he went about my house—I am quite certain this is the stay-lace—it was my property—I saw the prisoner when he was taken into custody, he had a gentleman's slipper on—I did not see his other foot, only one foot—I have no doubt these shoes belong to the prisoner.





FRANCES WOOD
. I am housemaid to Mr. Benton—I remember the prisoner being in my master's employment—he was brought to me on Wednesday, the 19th of May, by a policeman, and I was asked if I knew him—I immediately said it was Thomas Baker—he said, no, it was George Smith—I then pointed to a scar under his left eye, which enabled me to say positively that it was him.





FRANCIS M'LEAN
, (City-police inspector.) I went on the morning of the 16th of April to 33, Abchurch-lane—I examined where the breaking bad taken place—there was a hole in the wainscoting just where the opening of the door was—there was nothing outside to show to a person unacquainted with the premises where the fastening was—this pair of shoes were handed to me by Wood that morning, and I have kept them ever since.

Cross-examined. Q. Was there any thing peculiar about the fastening to the door? A. No, it was in the ordinary place—I understand there was a bell, but I did not see it.





MARY ELLIS

re-examined. There was a bell inside that door—a person outside could remove that bell when they bad broken the hole through—the bell was lying down by the door in the morning—it had been up the night before.


Jury. Q. Are you positive to these being the prisoner's shoes A. Yes, they are changed in appearance since he has left, but they were partly worn out when he left the service—there is no particular mark on them, more than the way he trod.





JOHN LEONARD
, (City police-constable, No, 496.) I took the prisoner into custody on the evening of the 18th of May, at the corner of Birchin-lane—I asked him his name—he said, George Smith—I took him to the prosecutor's to be identified—when I got him near the house, he attempted to run away—he ran a short distance, and I secured him—I asked him at the station-house what his name was—he said his name was Baker—that was after I had shown him to the servant—I tried one of these shoes on the prisoner in the Magistrate's presence at the office, and it fitted—the prosecutor's house is in the parish of St. Nicholas Aeons.





GUILTY
. Aged 16.—

Transported for Ten Years.—Convict Ship.

First Jury, before Mr. Recorder,

