




2624. 




JAMES MESSENGER
 and 




JAMES CLIFTON
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Loxley, about the hour of three in the night of the 
26th of Aug., at 
St. John, at Hackney, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 2 snuff-boxes, value 2l.; 1 watch, 15l.; 1 teapot, 2l. 10s.; 1 toast-rack, 9s.; and 2 spoons, 1d., his property; to which


CLIFTON pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.



MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN LOXLEY
. I am solicitor, and live in Laura-place, Clapton, in the parish of St. John, at Hackney. On Saturday night, the 26th of Aug., I went to bed about twelve o'clock—before I did so I went down stairs, to see that the house was secured—I was called up next morning about half-past seven o'clock—in consequence of what my servant told me, I went down stairs, and examined the basement floor—I noticed an inner door, at the foot of the stairs, communicating with a passage—the street-door is at one end of the passage, and the door leading into the garden at the other end—I had bolted that inner door, top and bottom, when I went to bed the night before, and placed an iron bar across the centre—that door was lined with iron—the lower panel of that door was bored in eighteen places, as if with a centre-bit, and the iron bar lying on the ground—that door communicates with a window and door at the end of the passage—I found a square of glass cut out of that window, and the door open—that was the door leading to the garden—I cannot say how that door had been fastened the night before—I did not observe it—that door had become considerably warped at the bottom by heat—it stuck, so that if hastily opened or forced, it would shake the bolts, and make a considerable noise—on the lower panel of the door I saw large black marks or daubs, and also on the door-posts at the side of that panel—it appeared to me as if a sooty knee had been pressed against the bottom panel, for the purpose of gently opening the door without making a noise—these marks were on the inside of the door—it appeared to me that that was the mode by which the parties had got out—I afterwards went into the garden, and on the border found some of my dishes and basins, and this iron bar, which belongs to the larder window, was on the gravel walk—I went to the larder, and saw that the wire-work by which the window is protected was torn away—that wire-work faces the garden—I found this bar was torn away, the removal of which would enable persons to get into the house by means of the larder—the window is about twenty-seven inches long, and twenty-one high, and communicates with the kitchen, and the kitchen with the house generally—it is all under one roof—I missed an electrotyped silver teapot from the kitchen cupboard, and a plated toast-rack, also some pewter spoons, and a few kitchen utensils—this is the teapot and toast-rack—(produced)—I had seen and used them on the Saturday morning—they were then perfect, but are now broken—I went up stairs, and missed from the dining-room mantel-piece a gold watch and two silver snuff-boxes—the watch had been on a pedestal, beneath a glass case, which I found by the side of the pedestal in the morning—I went into the drawing-room, and found it in disorder, but missed nothing from there—I went into my breakfast room, and found my desks lying topsyturvy on the ground—they had been removed, but I missed nothing from there—I afterwards discovered the footsteps of apparently two persons on the border, in the back garden—I could see the marks of shoes in one impression, and the other appeared to be made with a foot without a shoe—they were rather slight, and close against the wall—it was not distinct enough to enable me to say whether the person had stockings on or not—I gave information to the police—the value of the property I lost was about 20l.

COURT. Q. Had they got out the panel of the door in the passage that was bored with the centre-bit? A. No, they had not got through the iron, that stopped them—they had not undone the fastenings of that door.





GEORGE ARUNDEL
 (policeman.) On Sunday morning, the 27th of August, about half-past four o'clock, I was on duty, and saw the two prisoners crossing my beat in the Hackney-grove, which is about half a mile from the prosecutor's

house—they were going towards town, in a direction from the prosecutor's house, walking very quickly—Messenger was carrying his left-arm close to his side—I thought there was something wrong, as I saw him not work both his arms as he walked, and I pursued them—I met a brother constable, communicated my suspicions to him, and he went in pursuit of the prisoners, while I took another direction, to intercept them—when I got into London-fields, I found Clifton in custody of Bingo and Brennan—I went on in pursuit of Messenger, but did not find him—when I saw them together, I noticed that Messenger had no shoes on, and was dressed as a sweep, with sooty clothes—I afterwards examined the prosecutor's garden, and on the border, underneath the wall, I observed the foot-marks of two persons, one with and the other without shoes—I only saw one impression without a shoe, and that was the left foot—some pieces of brick had been recently taken down off the wall, as though some persons had been getting over.

COURT. Q. Did you know either of the prisoners before? A. No, it was tolerably light at that time.





JOHN WHITMORE
. I am a linen-draper, and live at Hackney. On Sunday morning, about ten minutes past four o'clock, I was passing Laura-place, and saw the two prisoners, about forty yards from the top of Laura-place, conversing together, about 100 yards from the prosecutor's house—I noticed that Messenger was dressed as a sweep, he had sooty clothes on.

Messenger. I never saw anybody, only one young chap—he never saw me along with Clifton.





EDWARD BINGO
 (policeman.) On Sunday morning, the 27th of August, about half-past four o'clock, I was in Hackney-grove, and saw the two prisoners together, walking very fast towards London, from the neighbourhood of the prosecutor's house—I met Arundel just after, and in consequence of what he said, I went in pursuit of them—when I got to the London-lane, I saw them pass by Brennan, another policeman, and as soon as they had passed him, they both ran as hard as they could—after they had run together about forty yards, they separated—upon that, I gave an alarm to Brennan, and went in pursuit of Messenger—it was foggy, and I lost sight of him—in three or four hours after I saw him again, in the custody of Brennan—I had a sufficient opportunity of seeing him before I met Arundel, and am sure he is the man.





RICHARD BRENNAN
 (policeman.) Early on Sunday morning, the 27th of August, I saw Clifton, and a person resembling Messenger, in Tower-street, London-fields—after they passed me, they started at full speed, ran together about forty yards, and then separated—I heard Bingo calling out—in consequence of what he said, I went after Clifton—he had run about 500 yards before I overtook him—I seized hold of him, and found this teapot, in its present state, in the seat of his trowsers—I took him to the station, searched him again, and found this broken toast-rack under his trowsers, and two small spoons, a pocket-knife, a comb, and a metal box of silent lucifer matches, which make no noise when they are lighted.





JAMES BRENNAN
 (policeman.) On Sunday morning, the 27th of August, in consequence of information, I went in pursuit of Messenger, and found him about nine o'clock in the morning, in Petticoat-lane—I told him I wanted him for a robbery thathe and Clifton did at Hackney this morning—he said he had not been in Hackney that morning, and did not know any person of the name of Clifton. I knew both the prisoners before, and knew that Messenger was a companion of Clifton's—I had seen them together repeatedly—Messenger had neither shoes or stockings on.


Messenger. Q. Did I deny being in Hackney on the Sunday morning? A. Yes, I am positive you did.

Messenger. I did not.

MESSENGER—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.

