



2349. 




WILLIAM KNIGHT
 was indicted

 for uttering counterfeit coin, after a previous conviction.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
METCALFE
conducted the Prosecution.





CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant-solicitor to the Mint—I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of William Knight and another at this Court, at the February Sessions, 1844—I have examined it with the original in Mr. Clark's office—it is a true copy—(read).





GEORGE HOARE
. I know the prisoner—he is the person who was then convicted.





MARGARET BRADSHAW
. I am housekeeper to Mr. Knight, of Charing-cross, a shell-fish warehouseman—we also sell beer—the prisoner came there on 5th Sept., about twelve or one o'cloek, called for some beer, and gave me 6d. in payment—I gave him change from the till—I went to put the 6d. in the proper place, and found it was bad—I put it into my pocket where I had no other sixpence, and kept it there till Thursday, 14th Sept., when I attended the Police-court, and gave it to Park the policeman—I marked it in his presence—this is it (produced)—my mark is on it.

Prisoner. Q. You sid at the station you could not swear to me? A. I swore to you—I could not swear to the date.





MARK LOOME
 (police-sergeant, B 11). On 14th Sept., I took the prisoner into custody in St. Ann-street, Westminster—I told him he was charged with another in passing a counterfeit half-sovereign—he said he knew nothing about it—I sent him to the station by two other constables—he said he lived in Old Pye-street—I knew that to be false, and in consequence of information went to 11, Union-court, Orchard-street—I got a poker from next door, and went to the second-floor front room—I broke it open, but found no one inside—I found in a cupboard, covered over with old rags, four counterfeit sixpences, two iron spoons with this white melted metal in them (produced), and among the ashes in the fire I found some pieces of melted metal.

Prisoner. Q. Why did not you search the room in my presence? A. You were at the station-a female came into the room while I was searching—she did not say I had planted it—the door was fast, and I drew the stable—I did not say it was half drawn when I went up stairs—you did not give me the right address—the female was drunk on the bed—she lived

with you—I do not know anything of her—I was not in the room a minute before she came in—she had the key.

MR. BODKIN. Q. The cloor was fastened with a padlock and staple? A. Yes—I was the first that went into the room—no one was there before me—I had seen the prisoner come out of the same house on the previous night.





ALEXANDER HOBSON
 (policeman, B 170). I assisted Loome in searching the room, and found two sixpences that dropped on the floor, and two pieces of white metal in the cinders, which I produce.





MARY BAGGS
. I have had the house, 11, Union-court, Orchard-street, about three years—I remember the officers coining and searching the romm on the second-floor—that was the prisoner's room—I let it him about three weeks before—he and his wife lived there—I saw him in the room about; eleven o'clock on the same day that the officers came.

Prisoner. Q. Was it not the female that took the room? A. You took it together—you gave the woman the money to pay the rent—I do not know that she is your wife—you paid 6d. either every night or morning.





CALEB EDWARD POWELL

re-examined. The sixpence that was uttered is counterfeit, and the six others also, and they are all cast from one mould—they feel rather greasy—I have not the least doubt about them—this white metal is what is used in coining.

Prisoner's Defence. I do not deny being before convicted, but these counterfeit coins were planted in the room; I only went to the room for certain purposes; the female had the room, and had other persons there; she bad the key in her pocket, and was in and out all day, bringing her friends there; if 1 had been married it would have been a different thing; I was out all day; nothing was found on me.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.

