



1962. 




MARY ANN WHITMORE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
9th of August, 4 shillings and 1 sixpence, the monies of 



Henry Brown, from his person.







HENRY BROWN
. I live in Tottenham-street, Tottenham Court-road. On the 9th of August I was in the New-road, just by the rails of Euston-square, about two o'clock in the morning, returning home from a friend's house—I had two half-crowns, 5s. and a 6d. about me—I saw the prisoner coming towards me—when she got within about six yards of me, she suddenly ran, and came with that violence against me, I must have fallen down if I had not laid hold of the rails—she put her hand round my body, under my coat, saying, "I am in great distress, can you relieve me?"—she was off in a moment—I heard money jink in her hand—I put my band into my pocket, and missed 4s. 6d.—I ran after her, calling, "Stop thief"—I overtook her about thirty yards off, and told her she bad robbed me—she said, "What of?"—I said, "4s. 6d."—she put her hand behind her—I tried to catch hold of it—she then put her hand to her bosom—I heard money jink in her hand when it came from her bosom—I took hold of her hand, and held it till I got to the policeman—she said if I did not let her hand go, she would knock ray b—eyes out, and that she had no money in the world—I gave her hand over to the policeman—he asked what she had in her hand—she said "Nothing"—he forced her hand open, and found 2s. 6d.—on the way to the station-house she dropped 1s., which I took up and gave to the policeman.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not follow me, catch hold of me, and want to drag me back to the square? A. No—I did not tell you I would give you 1s.—I did not want you to go with me to the step of a door—it is false—I never touched you till you violently ran against me—I never lost sight of you.





JOHN EATON
 (police-constable S 193.) I was on duty, and heard the cry of "Stop thief" and "Police"—I ran up and found the prosecutor and prisoner together—he said, "This woman has robbed me of 4s. 6d."—her right hand was clenched—I asked what she had there—she said, "Nothing"—I opened it and found 2s. 6d.—she then said, "It is a d—d lie, he wanted to go with me, and I would not let him"—on the way to the station-house a shilling dropped from her person, and it was picked up—she then said, "I had three shillings and two sixpences"—there was a fourpenny-piece and fourpence in copper in her pocket, which she said she had got as she went along—they were both sober—she gave two or three different accounts going to the station-house.

Prisoner's Defence. He asked me to go with him—I said I would not—he offered me 1s.—I said it was too little—he dragged me by main force, and wanted me to go with him to the step of a door—I said, "Why not take me to a house, if you want me?"—he said, "Where is there a house?"—I said, "There are plenty close by here"—he said, "I will give you a shilling, which is all I have got"—I said, "Give it to me"—he would not, and wanted to force me down at the step of a door—I ran away, and he hallooed out that I had robbed him—I said I would show him all I had—I pulled out my money—he caught hold of my hand, and tried to wrench it from me—I called the police first.





HENRY BROWN

re-examined. We were not within a hundred yards of any door.




GUILTY*** Aged 28.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
