



2258. 




JOHN JAMES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of August, 1 packing-case, value 7s.; 6 glass bottles, value it. 6d.; and 6 quarts of wine, value 12.; the goods of 



John Rockley, his master.


JOHN ROCKLEY. I am a wine-merchant, and keep the New Hummums, hotel, Covent-garden; the prisoner was three or four months in my service, and boarded in the house. On Friday, the 27th of August, I went to the police-station at Bow-street, in consequence of information I received, and there saw a case and some bottles of wine, in consequence of which I gave the prisoner into custody—I can speak to the wine, it being sealed with my name, and the case.





THOMAS ELLIS
. I am an oyster-dealer, and live in Bedford-court, Covent-garden. On the 29th of August the prisoner left a box at my door, and I took it in charge—he told me he would bring a horse and cart and take it away, but he did not, and I gave it up to the police—this is the case, I can swear it.





RICHARD GABRIEL GABB
. I am a police-sergeant I went to Ellis's shop—he delivered me a case containing this wine, as it does now—I found Mr. Rockley's name on one of the seals.





ALLEN PHILLIPS
. I am a policeman. I went to Mr. Rockley's on the 27th, and heard a conversation between the prisoner and Mr. Rockley—the prisoner said "Have mercy on me, master; do not give me into custody"—Mr. Rockley gave him in charge, and on the road to the station, he said he took the wine to send to his wife, for her to make a little money, as she was very badly off and ill in the country—I found two directions on him—they are directions to his wife—I told him what he said I should give in evidence.

Prisoner. The wine I had from a person who used to live at Liverpool with a Mr. Hanson, he is now agent for somebody—he owed me 30s., and said he would give me the wine for it—it was never on Mr. Rockley's premises,

but the case I took from Mr. Rockley intending to return it—I sealed the cork with Mr. Rockley's seal for my wife to know where I lived.

MR. ROCKLEY
re-examined. Some of this wine is Lisbon, which he bottled in my cellar the day before—he had the care of the seal, and of the cellars—I am certain these formed part of my stock—this Hock I know—I have no question but this case was secreted to take out next morning while I was at breakfast.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
