



2. 




CHARLES MARKS
 was indicted

 for obtaining goods by false pretences.






DAVID SAMUELS
. I am in the employ of Samuel Levy Samuels, and James Ingle, Little Aliff-street, Goodman's-fields. In Feb. last the prisoner called at our warehouse, and told me he came from Mr. Nathan, of Ratcliff-highway, and wanted four umbrellas at 8s. 6d. each, for Nathan, and Mr. Nathan would send the money in the morning—I knew Mr. Nathan, and gave him the umbrellas, believing Nathan had sent him for them—whether my employers knew Nathan I cannot say—they had never done business with him—I had never seen the prisoner in his employ—I omitted to send for the money—the prisoner came again in Aug. for two umbrellas, similar to those he had before—Mr. Ingle asked if I had applied for the money—I said, no—the prisoner said Mr. Nathan was surprised we had not sent for it—I told him I would send for the money for the six together to-morrow morning—he waited a quarter of an hour as the umbrellas were not ready, and then went away with them—I sent for the money next morning.





MOSES NATHAN
. I live at No. 192, Ratcliff-highway. The prisoner was not in my employ in Feb., or in Aug.—I did not send him for umbrellas at those times, nor did he bring them—he was in my service twenty months ago—I never sent him to the prosecutor's when he was in or out of my employ.





SARAH HOBBS
. I am the wife of a boot and shoemaker, in High-street, Shadwell. I have known Mr. Nathan some years as a neighbour—we knew him to be a respectable tradesman—on the 29th of Sept, the prisoner came to our shop, and said Mr. Nathan had sent him for three pairs of large sized men's boots—I asked if he was living with Mr. Nathan—he said, yes, he had lived with him for the last six months—he said he would return in five minutes with the shoes or money—I asked if he meant Mr. Nathan, of Ratcliff-highway—he said, "Yes"—I let him have the shoes—he said those that fitted he would bring the money for, and if they did not fit he would bring them back in five minutes—he never brought them.





MOSES NATHAN

re-examined. I did not authorise the prisoner to apply

to Hobbs for shoes of a large size on the 29th of Sept., or at any other time—he was not in my employ then.





JAMES MARTIN
 (policeman.) I apprehended the prisoner.




GUILTY
. * Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

