



1154a. 




ROBERT ELDRIDGE
 was indicted

 for feloniously uttering counterfeit coin, having been before convicted of a like offence.


MESSRS. BODKIN and DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to the Mint. I produce a certificate of the conviction of Robert Eldridge at this Court at the Feb. Session in 1844—I have examined it with the record in Mr. Clark's office—it is a true copy—(read.)





WILLIAM DRABELL
 (police-constable C 196.) I was present at the trial of the prisoner—he is the person who was then convicted.





CHARLES FISHER
. I am a drover, and live in Silver-street. On the 21st of April I was playing at skittles in the yard of the Swan public-house at Nothing-hill, between five and six o'clock in the evening—the prisoner was there—I was paying with him for 3d. and a pint of beer—he lost 6d.—he

gave me half-a-crown, and I gave him two shillings change—I put the half-crown into my pocket—I then sent for a pot of beer, and London, the potboy, brought it—I gave him the same half-crown that the prisoner had given me—I got two shillings change—Mr. Robson, the landlord, came to me, and complained of the half-crown—the prisoner was then gone—I went with London to find him—I went to Kensington—I could not find him—I was coming back, and saw him down Holland-street, and said to him, "You gave me a bad half-crown"—he said not that he was aware of—I said, "Give me my money back, and take your bad"—he refused, and I gave him into. custody to Eastland, the policeman, and gave him the half-crown.

Prisoner. I was playing with two men in the skittle-ground, and I betted with you, and I lost 1s. 9d.; I chucked down half-a-crown on the ground, and it was there for twenty minutes; you won 6d. out of the half-crown, and the other two persons won 4d. a piece; I picked up the half-crown, and offered it to one of them; he had not change; you said, "I have change," and you borrowed 2d., and gave me change; I gave the others 4d. a piece. Witness. I do not know—I was looking at my own game—I did not see the half-crown on the ground—I gave the same half-crown I got from the Prisoner to London—I had no other.

Prisoner. The half-crown I gave him was a different on altogether to this—he put it into his pocket; how do I know but that one of the others picked up the half-crown I threw down, and put another down?





JOHN LONDON
. I am pot-boy at the public-house. On the 21st of April I received a half-crown from Fisher; I took it to the bar, and gave it to Mr. Robson, my master—I had no other money about me.

Prisoner. Q. You were in the skittle-ground, and saw me betting with the others? A. Yes-you were betting—you chucked down half-a-crown.





ADAM ROBSON
. I am the master of London. I remember his bringing me a half-crown—I gave him change—I was busy at the time—it was never out of my hand—I detected in a moment that it was bad—I marked it, and Fisher went out to look for the prisoner.





ANN OLDERY
. My husband is a tobacconist—we live in Church-street, Kensington. On the 21st of April the prisoner came, between three and four o'clock, for half an ounce of tobacco—he gave me a half-crown—I put it into a drawer—there was no other half-crown—I gave him change, and he went away—about eight o'clock that evening my husband came home—I gave that half-crown the same evening to Eastland, the policeman.





STEPHEN OLDERY
. I am the husband of Ann Oldery. I came home that evening—the policeman made some inquiries—I looked into the drawer, and found a half-crown—this is it—I gave it to the policeman.





THOMAS EASTLAND
 (police-sergeant T 17.) About six o'clock that evening I was called by London, and took the prisoner—I received this bad half-crown from Fisher—I took the prisoner to the station—I found on him five good shillings—I went to Mr. Oldery's shop—he showed me a half-crown—I gave it him back—I went there again, and received it from Mr. Oldery—this is it.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. These half-crowns are both counterfeit, and have been cast in the same mould.

Prisoner's Defence. I changed a half-sovereign at Walham-green; they gave me three half-crowns, and 2s. 6d.; I came back, and went into the skittleground; they were playing for beer; Fisher said to one of them, "I will play you for 2d.," and I said, "I will play you for a pint;" I lost 6d., and I


chucked down a shilling; I lost that; I then chucked down a half-crown; I gave it to the prosecutor, and he gave me 2s.; I then gave the others 4d. a piece; the prosecutor then went out; I went out, and asked him the way to Kensington; I walked on very slowly, and saw the prosecutor coming; he said, "You gave me a bad half-crown;" I said, "No such thing, I did not give you that half-crown;" he said, "I shall give you in charge;" I waited till the policeman came, and he took me—I took the half-crown to the tobacco shop; whether it was good or bad I do not know.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

