



224. 




WILLIAM JINKINS



, stealing 1 breast-pin, value 10l. the goods of 



William Hughes, in his dwelling-house.






WILLIAM HUGHES.
 I am a jeweller, at 117, High-street, Southwark—it is my dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. George-the-Martyr, Southwark—on Monday, 1st Nov., between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came in—I was him standing looking at a tray, containing diamond pins—I watched and distinctly saw him take a pin off the cushion, and place it in his pocket—I went into the shop, and stood there till he had selected a pin which he said he would take on the following Saturday—he left half-a-crown deposit on it—he was then going out—I said, "You will excuse me, but before you leave the shop I wish to put my hand in your left hand pocket"—he thrust his hand into his pocket and took out this diamond pin which I produce, and dropped it in the tray amongst the others—it is mine—it is worth 10l.—he attempted to get out of the shop—I caught hold of him, my young man came to my assistance, and he bit his arm very severely.


Cross-examined by
MR. METCALF.
Q. Where were you? A. In a little lobby, divided from the shop by a glass partition—there is a parlour beyond that lobby, where I was when the prisoner entered—when he took the pin I was in the lobby, watching him through the glass—I waited in the lobby perhaps three minutes before he took it—when I was in the inner room I saw him looking, as I fancied, at a diamond which I had placed in the window, price thirty-five guineas—the first thing I saw was that he was looking at the pins in the tray—my young man turned his back to go to the window to get some more pins, and then the prisoner placed his left hand over the tray, took this pin and placed it in his pocket—I could see sufficiently well to see that he took it from the tray—I swear I saw the stem of it in his left hand—he looked at nothing but pins—he put his hand in his left pocket, pulled his hand out, and opened it afterwards—I stood nearly opposite him—I then came and taxed him with it—he put his hand in his pocket, and took this pin and dropped it from his hand—I saw it drop—I am certain he did not put his hand in the tray and point to a pin and say, "Is that the pin?"—it dropped from his hand—they were stuck on a cork when he took it out, but he dropped it down afterwards—the mark of it is very much rumpled.

COURT.
Q. Are you sure you saw him put his hand in his pocket? A. Yes; positive of it—it is a breast pin.





FREDERICK GEORGE HEARLE.
 I am in the employ of Mr. Hughes. On 1st Nov. the prisoner came to look at some diamond pins—I showed him a tray which I placed on the counter—he wished to see some others—I turned to get another tray and put that on the counter—he then selected a pin from the first tray, and left me half-a-crown and his name—Mr. Hughes spoke to him, and he dropped this pin on the tray from his hand.





WILLIAM THRUSSELL
 (policeman 148 M.) The prisoner was given into my custody—he made an attempt to get away as I was conveying him to the station.




GUILTY. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

