





380. 




WILLIAM BREESON,



 EDWARD CUNNINGHAM
, and 



THOMAS EMMERSON
, were indicted for

burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Richard Stone, about two in the night of the 
2nd Jan., at 
St. Paul, Shadwell, with intent to steal and stealing therein 1 coat, value 14s.; 1 telescope, 8s.; 1 umbrella, 1s. 6d.; llb. tobacco, 4s.; 1 bottle, 1s.; 1 quart of peppermint, 2s.; 1 pair of boots, 6s.; 6 metal cocks, 7s.; and lib. beef, 6d.; his goods: and 1 jacket, 5s.; 1 cap, 1s.; 1 bag, 1d.; and 2s. cigars, 2s.; the goods of 



John Turner.


MR. WILDE
conducted the Prosecution.






RICHARD STONE
. I keep the Ship public-house in Farmer-street, Shadwell. On Friday night, the 2nd Jan., I retired to rest at eleven o'clock—previous to my doing so I secured the doors myself—between five and six

next morning, I was aroused by the policemen knocking at the door—I looked out of my window, and they said I had better come down and see whether all was right, because they had just taken two chaps to the station-house—I came down, and saw my bar broken open—I opened the front-door, and let the policeman in—he and I went into the bar, and I missed a great coat, a spy-glass, a pair of boots, six braes taps, and a show bottle, which I had left there containing peppermint, two or three pieces of brass, and a pound of tobacco—I went to a back, place and saw a chest broken open, belonging to a sailor who was lodging with me—when he came in the morning I told him of it, and he missed some things—I went into the back kitchen, and saw the shutters taken down and the window opened where the thieves had entered—the back shutters I had secured at eleven o'clock at night by two small bolts.





JOHN GILBERT
 (police-constable K 205.) On Saturday morning, the 3rd Jan., I was on duty in Cow-lane, about forty or fifty yards from the Ship public-house—while there I heard a whisparing over a wall, which induced me to watch—shortly after I heard a rustling, like the getting over a fence, and I heard some one say, "Be careful, don't break the glass"—I listened still till they appeared to come into a shed on the other side of the wall—I went and fetched some other constables—the yard belongs to the prisoner Breeson's father—I got up on the fence, turned my light on, and saw the prisoner Breeson come from behind a cart in the shed—I jumped over the fence to see who it was—he said, "It is all right, master; I sleep here; there is no one here but myself"—I took hold jf him, and handed him into the custody of a constable—I then searched further, and found the prisoner, Cunningham, sitting in one of the swing-boats they use at fairs, with his arm leaning on a peppermint show-bottle—he said, "It is all right, sir; I am just come in; I sleep here with Breeaon"—after placing him in the custody of another constable, I went behind the cart that Breeson came from, and there I discovered this coat, in the pockets of which were these six brass taps, a parcel of tobacco, and some pieces of old brass; and close to the coat I found ibis small dark-lantern.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. You know the shed belongs to Breeson's father? A. Yes, he told me so himself—his father told me they were not on very good terms—I do not know of his being in the habit of going out of his father's house sometimes and sleeping in the yard—I never saw him sleeping in the yard—they roust have crossed Cow-lane, or some other lane, to get to this yard from the Ship public-house—there is a fence on one side where I heard them, no doubt, coming over—Breeson's house is in Elbow-lane, very little distance from the shed—I found a shooting-jacket, or coat, lying behind the cart Breeson came from—he disowned the coat—he had no coat on when he came from there—he was in his shirt sleeves—I found no other jacket—the great coat was under another cart—I found that afterwards—I do not know where Breeson got the coat from he has on now—I took him to the station-house in his shirt sleeves—the moment I put my light on he came forward—it was about four o'clock in the morning—the cart was about a yard from the wall, and the swinging-boat in which I found Cunningham about two yards further down—the front of the shed is entirely open, and the wall forms the back of it.

MR. WILDE. Q. Did you observe the shutters of Mr. Stone's house? A. I did—I found the back parlour shutters taken down—there had been no force used to open them—in my opinion there was no fastening to them—they appeared like shifting shutters—they would stand up in their place when put up, by their own weight—I did nut observe any bolts—on a wall on the

other side of the lane I observed a scratching of the brick-work, as if somebody had been over—it was not the wall where I heard the whispering—if a person came from the Ship public-house they might possibly pass over that wall—there are various ways—that is one track that would be convenient—it was a small scratching on the bricks, and some dust was at the bottom, as if some one had been over—I likewise observed footmarks inside—I did not compare them—in consequence of something I heard at the station I went to No. 9, Match-walk, about seven o'clock, and found Emmerson in bed—I had first seen his mother, and she told me he was sleeping in the back room—I asked him to be kind enough to get up and dress himself—he did so—I then took him into the room where his mother was, and told him I had received information that suspicion attached to him for being concerned in a robbery, and I must take him to the station—his mother said he had been in bed since half-past seven o'clock the night before—on the way to the station he said there had been a woman to his mother's house about half an hour before we came there, and said that Breeson and Cunningham were in custody for committing a robbery, but he said he knew nothing about it—I afterwards went back to the yard I have spoken of and made further search—I then found the greatcoat, a glass, an umbrella, and twenty-eight cigars in a small canvas bag—I produce them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was Emmerson searched at the station? A. Yes, and nothing found upon him—his mother's house was not strictly searched—we looked round—I did not ask him to be so kind as to go to the station for a short time, nor tell his mother he would be back soon—I told her we must take him to the station on suspicion of being concerned in the robbery, but we could not say he would be detained—he said he had been in bed from about eight o'clock the night before—I did not ask him if he knew of the robbery that had taken place, and it was not in answer to that lie said the woman had been there and said Breeson and Cunningham were in custody.

Cunningham. Q. Did you see me anywhere that night? A. Not till I saw you in the boat—I know you by seeing you about the neighbourhood.





SAMUEL WILEY
 (police-constable K 102.) On Saturday morning, about four o'clock, I received Cunningham into custody from Gilbert—I also received this show-bottle—it has since been broken—it contained a quart and a quartern of what I believe to be either peppermint or shrub—I produce the other articles.

Cunningham. Q. Do you know me? A. I have seen you several times on my beat with a lot of low young fellows strolling about the streets, but never knew you in any act before—I did not see you about on this night.





EDWARD GRAY
 (police-constable K 59.) I know the three prisoners—I remember seeing them on Friday, the 2nd of Dec., between twelve and one o'clock in the night—I am sure they are the three persons—I had seen Emmerson before—he had a dark lantern in his hand, and was showing it to the others—I told them to move on—they were in High-street, Shadwell, about 100 yards from the Ship public-house—they went in a direction down Elbow-lane, which is about twenty or thirty yards from Cow-lane, and about fifty yards or upwards from the Ship.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where were you standing when you first saw them? A. I was on duty, walking in High-street, Shadwell—there are a good many low characters about there, and I told them to move on—they went down the lane—I only saw them for a short time.

COURT. Q. Had you known them before by sight? A. Yes, and am certain of them.






JOHN TURNER
. I am a seaman, and was lodging with Mr. Stone. On the evening of the 2nd of Jan. I had a bundle of cigars in my chest—I cannot swear to the cigars, but I can to the bag they were in—this is it, and it contains about the same quantity of cigars I had—this jacket and cap are also mine—I saw them all safe about ten o'clock on Friday night when I went out—when I came in in the morning I found my chest had been opened, and the things missing.





SAMUEL WILEY

re-examined. These are the cigars I found concealed in the shed under the swinging-boat—they were in this bag upon the ground, and this jacket was tumbled over it—the coat was by the side of it.





RICHARD STONE

re-examined. This coat and show-bottle I saw safe on Friday evening, the 2nd of Jan.—I can swear this is the bottle—the umbrella, tobacco and taps are all my property—there are three shutters to my back window—I always put the middle one up first, and then the other two—the bolts were shot—the least thing in the world would open them—they would not come down without somebody taking them down—my house it in the parish of St. Paul, Shadwell.

Cunningham's Defence. I never saw the things; we were coming home from the Pavillion theatre, about half-past one o'clock; I went to the yard; about four o'clock Breeson got out to ease himself; the policeman came over the wall, and asked what he was doing there; I could not understand what he said; he came and asked me what I did there; I said I was sleeping there; he asked what that bottle did there; I had newer seen it before; I handed it to him.

BREESON—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

CUNNINGHAM—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

EMMERSON—


NOT GUILTY
.





Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Wightman.

