



1162. 




JOHN POHL
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



John Alfred Hay, and attempting to discharge a pistol at him, loaded with gunpowder and a pebble-stone, by drawing the trigger: with intent to kill and murder him. 2nd COUNT, stating his intention to be to do him some grievous bodily harm.






JAMES ALFRED HAY
. I am a tobacconist, and live at Red Lion-street, Holborn. I have known the prisoner about two years—he is a baker—I do not know where he lives—about eighteen months ago I had a dispute with him—he attempted to stab me in my dwelling-house—he locked himself in my room; and when I attempted to go in, the door was burst open, and he attempted to stab me—I cannot explain his reason—I had not had any dispute with him before he locked himself in—I had not known much of him before—on the 13th of April he came to my shop, and purchased a cigar—as he left the shop he dropped a pistol on the floor, immediately picked it up, Put it into his pocket, and went away—on the 14th of April, about ten o'clock in the evening, I saw him again, walking up and down opposite my shop—at a quarter to twelve I began to close my shop—on going out with the first

shutter, the prisoner moved from where he was lurking, a few doors off immediately opposite my shop on the opposite side of the street, and I heard the click of a pistol, as if being cocked—I immediately called a policeman, who was standing a few yards off, and told him to lay hold of the prisoner—the policeman took hold of him, and I gave him in charge for attempting to shoot me—he was taken to the station—he there said, "I had good reason to do it, he knows all about it."





HENRY ANDREWS
 (police-constable E 85.) I took the prisoner—he was standing in Red Lion-street, opposite Mr. Hay's shop—I had seen him go from that place, out of a doorway three or four houses off—Mr. Hay was bringing out his shutter when the prisoner changed his position—as I went towards him I saw a slight flash, as if a flash in the pan—I secured him, and took a pistol from him—the pan had the appearance of gunpowder having been flashed from it at the time—the pistol was loaded with powder and a small pebble stone—I asked him what he meant by it—he said, if I did not leave go of him he would turn it into me—at the station he said, "I had good reason for it, and he (meaning the prosecutor) knows all about it"—he was quite sober, and did not appear at all excited—I found a quarter of a pound of coffee in his pocket—I have made inquiry about his state of mind, but know nobody who knows him at all.





THOMAS HINDE
 (policeman.) I was with Andrews—his evidence is correct—I was before the Magistrate when the prisoner made this statement—it was read over to him before he signed it—it is his writing—(read)—"The prisoner says, 'I am very sorry I did not do it long ago; I know Mr. Hay has been the ruin of me' "—the street is five yards wide.




GUILTY on second Court.

  Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

