





648. 




JOHN HEAPHY
 and 




ELIZABETH TOYE
were again indicted, with 




FRANCIS CONNOR



 , for stealing, on the 
8th of January, 9 balls, value 12s.; 1 decanter, value 10s.; and 5 salt-cellars, value 4s.; the goods of 



Edward Bryant: and that Heaphy had been before convicted of felony.






EDWARD BRYANT
. I keep the Plasterer's Arms public-house, in Little Marylebone-street. On Wednesday, the 8th of January, a little after six o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner Heaphy came to my house with another man—I cannot say whether it was Connor—I saw them go past the bar up stairs to the first-floor—I do not remember seeing Toye—I did not see any body else go up stairs—I saw one of the party go out at the door afterwards—I just saw his back in going out—I heard him come down stairs, and there was another came down at the same time—my boy came, and gave me information, and I went up to the first-floor front room three or four minutes after I had seen the man go away—I missed from that room a decanter and four salts, and from the adjoining room nine ivory balls, which have been used for bagatelle, but not since I have been there.

Heaphy. Q. You saw another man and I go up? A. Yes—I was in the bar—I do not know that you had any thing with you—some steaks were brought in, and one of you asked if they could be dressed—I do not know which—I said they might have them dressed.





WILLIAM WRIGHTON
. I am servant to Mr. Bryant. On the evening of the 8th of January I saw Heaphy and another man, who is not here, go up stairs—I was called out of the room below by my mistress to take them a light up stairs, which I did—I took them into the first-floor front room, which is used as a parlour—mistress gave me the steaks to take down to cook—I lighted the fire, dressed the steaks, and took them up stairs—Connor and Toye came in about ten minutes after the others, and before I took up the steaks—I first saw them in the passage leading from the street-door to the stairs, and saw them go up stairs into the same room—I took the steaks up to them on a tray with a cloth, and left the room when I had put them on the table, leaving them all four together—they had four knives and forks and plates—I did not stay to see them eat, but they were all eating when I left the room, all in one party—they staid about three-quarters of an hour—Toye paid me for what they had, at the table just before they left, and I left them all four in the room—she gave me a 5s. piece, and I gave her the change—they remained in the room five or ten minutes after I went down—I was in the room below when they left, and saw the shadow of Toye, and I think Heaphy, go past the window—I went into the passage, and saw them go just outside the door—they all left the room at one time—I directly went up to the parlour—I found the cupboard-door ajar, which I had left quite closed, and missed four salts and a glass decanter from it—I had gone to the cupboard while I was waiting on them at dinner, and shut the cupboard-door quite fast—I saw the decanter and salts there at that time—nine ivory balls were gone from the adjoining room—I can swear to all the three prisoners being of the party—I never saw either of them before—I had sufficient opportunity to see them, and know them—I saw them again at Hatton-garden, about a week after.


Heaphy. Q. was it me and another man came in first? A. Yes—one of you asked if you could hare a fire—I said, "Yea"—that was when you were up stairs—I took a candle up to the room—I am perfectly certain of you.





GEORGE COLLIER
. I am a policemen. On the 8th of January, near seven o'clock in the evening, I was sent for from George-street station-house and saw the three prisoners with another man in Great Marylebone-street Portland-place, at the corner of Duke-street, nearly half a mile from the Plasterers'Arms public-house—Heaphy was walking arm-in-arm with Toye, and the other two were walking side-by-side a few yards behind them—when I saw Heaphy I concealed myself in a doorway for a particular reason, till they went past—I then came out and followed them—when they got to Cleveland-street they all four joined and were talking together—they crossed Cleveland-street, and went along Howland-street, crossed Tottenham-court-road and Pancras-street into Grafton-street, and there the three men stood in the middle of the street, while Toye went into a pawnbroker's shop—in a short time she came out, and they all went into a coffee-shop opposite—I knew Heaphy before and am certain of him—the others were strangers to me except the fourth man who is not here—I did not see then again for a fortnight or three weeks, when I saw them in Clerkenwell prison—I am certain of Connor and Toye for I nearly ran against them—I was within a yard of them at first—Heaphy appeared to be half drank—I noticed their features on purpose to know them again—they passed several gas. lights.

Heaphy. Q. Did you see me with any handle? A. No, or I should have stopped you—you appeared to be dressed as you are now—I know the other young man—I believe him to be a thief—I have never seen him since.

Toye. I did not go into the pawnbroker's shop. Witness. I saw her go in at the side door, and come out in about ten minutes, and go to the men.





HENRY HANCOCK
. I am servant to Mr. Crouch, a pawnbroker, in Grafton-street On the 8th of January, I received a decanter and four salts in pawn in the name of lanes Thompson, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening—I cannot say whether it was either of the prisoners—I do not recollect seeing Toye in the shop.





SAMSON DARKIN CAMPBELL
. I am an inspector of the police. I searched some boxes at the house of Mrs. Brown, on Sunday the 10th of January, and found among other duplicates one for nine balls pawned at Wadmore's—all the three prisoners were in custody at that time—Mrs. Brown showed me the boxes.





SARAH BROWN
. I keep a lodging-house. On Saturday night, the 11th of January, Toye and Heaphy came to lodge at my house and slept there Saturday, Sunday, and Monday nights—on Sunday the 19th Campbell came and searched some boxes which belonged to Toye—I saw him take same duplicates out of her box—the prisoners had been taken into custody on the Wednesday—they went out on Tuesday night, and I saw no more of them—Connor drank tea with them on the Tuesday evening—he did not lodge there—they all three went out together.

Heaphy. Q. Who took the lodging? A. Tore—there was a man with her who I considered her friend—you came at ten o'clock, and she told me you were her husband—you had a black eye on Saturday night and Sunday—I did not notice your face on Tuesday—I was in the

room with you at dinner-time, but did not notice whether you had more than one black eye, nor that your nose had been bleeding—I have ascertained that you did come home on Tuesday night, and left in the morning, before I was up—I did not see you, but I find my son let you in.





WILLIAM TRANAH
. I am servant to Mr. Wadmore, a pawnbroker in Tottenham-court-road. On the 8th of January, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I took these nine bagatelle-balls in pawn from Heaphy, in the name of Catton, and gave him that duplicate for them.

Heaphy. Q. What did I ask you on them? A. Seven shillings—I gave you 5s.—there might have been other persons in the box, but I saw nobody but you—I did not notice that you had got a black eye—I had seen you six or seven times before, and am positive you are the man.





EDWARD BRYANT

re-examined. This is my decanter—it is rather a singular one—there is no particular mark on it, but I know its general appearance—I have no doubt the salts are mine, from their general appearance, and these are my balls—the red one has a white spot on it, and a place as if it had been burnt.

Heaphy's Defence. On Wednesday evening Toye and I visited a friend in Bryanston-square, and in returning home about half-past six, met Connor and another young man, who introduced himself to me as Davis—they proposed to have something to drink—Connor said he had had no dinner, and I said we could have a steak—I gave Davis the money, and he went to buy a steak—I said, "You and Connor go to the next public-house, get it cooked, and we will go and get some bread"—Toye and I went to Mr. Duke's, a baker in Sooth-street, got half-a-quartern loaf, and went to the public-house—I met the pot-boy in the passage, and said, "Are two young men here?"—he said, "Yes, up stairs"—we went up, and had the steaks and half-and-half—we came out of there before them—Davis said, "Here are some salts and two decanters, shall we take them?"—I said, "No, they are such paltry things, we don't want them, I would not be seen with them"—Toye and I came down together, and left them there.

Connor's Defence. I deny that—I met Heaphy, and that young man, and the female together, all three in the public-house—Heaphy said he was going to call on a friend in Bryanston-square—I went with him there, and he asked me to go and have a beef-steak—I said I would—Heaphy went and purchased the steak, and I went with Davis, who Heaphy introduced me to, to the public-house—the prisoners brought the steaks—Davis said, there were some bagatelle-balls in the adjoining room, and he should take them out, which he did—I did not see him take them out of the room—I believe he gave them to Heaphy to pawn, and the decanter and salts Davis pawned himself, but Heaphy and Davis first proposed taking the balls.

Toye's Defence. I know nothing at all about the property being taken—the young man who is not here gave me the duplicate of the balls to take care of—I know nothing about pledging them—I went to the coffee-shop.





THOMAS HARRISON
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of Heaphy's former conviction—(read)—I was present at his trial and conviction—he is the person who was convicted on that occasion of stealing forks.

Heaphy. Q. Do you remember the night you took me into custody? A. Yes—you were in your master's livery, and said you were short of

money, and did it through distress—you told me where your master lived—I do not know that you were in respectable service in Baker-street after you came out of the House of Correction—I saw you behind a carriage in Baker-street, and as soon as we found you were in service, we let your master know of this, and you left.

Heaphy. I conducted myself well in respectable families since that, and was got out of all my situations through officers giving information; so that the question was, whether I was to get my bread honestly or not, I endeavoured to get situations, but through the envy of the officers was never allowed to earn my bread as an honest man, but was obliged to associate with other characters. I was before the Magistrate, who said; "I forbid you to make application to any gentleman's service"—I said, "What am I to do, sir, to live honestly?" It was through distress I took the forks to pawn. I should not have gone in my master's livery to awn spoons.

HEAPHY—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

TOYE—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.

CONNOR—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.

Before Mr. Justice William.

