



2675. 




FREDERICK M'DONALD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of September, 15 lambs, price 13l. 10s.; the property of 



Samuel Matthews; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






SAMUEL MATTHEWS
. I am a butcher, living in Britannia-terrace, City-road. On the 3rd of September I sent six sheep and twenty-one lambs to my drover, John Hunt, to take to Mr. Barker's field at Islington—they had the country mark on them, which they had when I purchased them—I have since seen the skins of the lambs that were lost in the field—they were marks that I can swear to them by—there were fifteen skins—here is the mark on the skins—(looking at one,)

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. How old were these lambs? A. I suppose four or five mouths—we do not call them yearlings till they are twelve months old—I bought part of them at Romford market and part at Smithfield—I put no mark on them—there might be other sheep with the tame mark.





JOHN HUNT
. I received these lambs from the prosecutor—I gave them to Reeves to take td Barker's field.





JOSEPH REEVES
. I live in Lamb and Flag-court, Clerkenwell. I received twenty-one lambs and six sheep from Hunt—I took them to Barker's field—I could not swear to the skins.





JOHN ALLEN
. I drove some sheep from the field on the 5th of September—when I drove the others away there were fifteen left safe—I went again on the 9th to get them, and they were gone.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you the person who locked the gate of the field? A. No. You have to go through a gate and that is locked—when I went for the sheep I found the gate locked.





WILLIAM BERKSHIRE
. I went to this field on the 7th of September—I found the fifteen lambs all safe—I locked the gate.





CHARLES CHANCE
. I am a butcher, and live in Golden-lane, St. Luke's. About four in the afternoon of the 8th of September the prisoner came and asked if I could kill ten sheep, for Mr. Hill, of Newgate-market—he said they were coming from Barnet, and he had to go on the road to meet them—he did not know what time they would come—he asked if I could kill them that evening—I said yes, if they came in soon—he came again about

half-past seven with fifteen lambs—about a quarter to eight he struck the first lamb down—we went on and dressed the fifteen lambs—I found they were full of dung, and I asked him if he recollected a case which occurred in White cross-street—he said he knew these were all right, as Mr. Hill was a respectable man—I killed the fifteen lambs, and he said Mr. Hill. would be there at half-past three o'clock—instead of that the prisoner came with another man, at three o'clock in the morning, and said he would take ten of the worst away and leave five of the best—that these were going to Titmus and Dowding, in Warwick-lane—when he was gone I went to Newgate-market and could not find them there—when I came back the prisoner and one Allen were waiting outside my door for the other five lambs and the skins—they asked if I had been up the market—I said, "No"—I let them take the lambs and skins—I told Allen I thought these things were not right—after that I waited for a policeman coming, and told him of the circumstance—I then went to Mr. Hill, in Newgate-market—he knew nothing about them—I inquired and found Mr. Matthews had lost them—I am sure the skins produced are the skins which came off the lambs I killed.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner before? A. Not to my knowledge—I was committed once for stealing from the person, but there was no true bill found—I am in the habit of killing for different persons—the prisoner told me Mr. Hill was recommended by Messrs. Pickford and Bright—I knew Mr. Hill before that, but never killed for him before; I had dealt with him many times—I am not in the habit of killing for parties I deal with—Pickford and Bright are respectable butchers in Bath-street—the prisoner said Mr. Hill had employed him—I went to see for Mr. Hill at half-past three o'clock in the morning to ask him—I found things were not right—Mr. Hill's shop was not open—I inquired for Mr. Hill and saw Sam. Cotton—he said Mr. Hill was not come—when I returned I let the five lambs go and fifteen skins—the prisoner asked me what the Iambs might cost—I said about 16s. a piece—he said he did not know what they cost, Mr. Hill bought them and he supposed he got a cheap bargain—Hill is not here—I did not see this paper in the course of the night—(looking at one)—I swear I never saw any such paper—my suspicions had been excited in the night—I did not say I should like to have bought these sheep, and I would girl something more for them.





WALTER HENRY BROWN
 (police-constable G 62.) I found these skins in Leadenhall-market with Mr. Challis's foreman—Chance said, "I think it is not right"—I said, "I think it is not."

Cross-examined. Q. Why did you say so? A. By seeing the skins and heads all bundled together—I saw some of the carcases in Leadenhall-market.





ROBERT COLLINS
 (City-police-constable, No. 530.) About half-past five o'clock I saw the prisoner bring the skins into the skin market, Leadenhall—(examining them)—this is one of them.





JAMES HAYWARD
 (police-constable G 212.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported Fourteen Years.
