



2391. 




JOHN FRANKLIN
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Jessey Horsburgh, on the 
27th of July, at 
St. George, Hanover-square, and stealing therein 1 tea-caddy, value 1s.; 7 humming-tops, value 3s. 6d.; 1 box, value 4d.; 36 rings, value 6s.; 18 boxes, value 10s.; 30 dolls, value 3s. 6d.; 18 pincushions, value 3s.; and 12 toys, value 18s.; her property: and 4 planes, value 12s.; and 7 chisels, value 3s.; the goods of 



James Horsburgh.






JESSEY HORSBURGH
. I am a widow, and kept a toy-shop at Pimlico, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square. On the 27th of July I went out about six o'clock in the evening—I fastened up all the house safe, locked the door, and took the key with me—I was absent about three hours—when I returned I found the back parlour window open which I had closed before I went out—I suppose the parties had got over the wall into the yard and climbed up to the back parlour window—I missed the articles stated, part of which belonged to my son, and the rest to myself—they are worth 2l. and upwards—the prisoner is a sweep, and lives in the neighbourhood—several of the sweeps have been very much about the

house, and had been standing outside the house during the day—the articles now produced are mine.





THOMAS FLETCHER
. I live in Royal Hospital-row, Chelsea. I knew the prisoner by sight—I heard him offering this toy wagon and this omnibus for sale to a young woman—I asked what he wanted for them—he said 8d.—I gave him 1s. and he gave me 4d. out.





JAMES BRADLEY
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody and charged him with this—he denied it—he said he had purchased them of some other sweeps in King-street—the other articles were found on other boys who said the prisoner gave them to them—they were apprehended, and were discharged by the Magistrate.

Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about the other things, only the wagon and omnibus; I bought them for 6d., and sold them next day to Fletcher for 8d.




GUILTY
. Aged 15.—Recommended to mercy.—


Transported for Ten Years—Convict Ship.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Baron Rolfe.

