



2055. 




WALTER KING
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
1st of Oct., at 
St. James's, Westminster, 1 engraving and frame, value 10l., the goods of 



Pietro Pizzala, in his dwelling-house; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






MARTIN MURRAY
. I am a sculptor, and partially employed for Mr. Pietro Pizzala, who is also a sculptor, and dealer in Italian alabaster, living at No. 91, Quadrant—it is his dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. James, Westminster. I know this engraving and frame to be his—I brought it from Rome for him fifteen months ago—I saw it safe on the 1st of Oct., about eleven o'clock in the morning, at the end of the passage—it is worth 10l.





WILLIAM HARD
 (police-constable A 83.) About eleven o'clock on the morning of the 1st of Oct. I saw the prisoner in Whitcomb-street, Hay-market, with this engraving—I followed, and stopped him—I asked where he got it from—he said, "At No. 91 in the Quadrant"—I took him into custody, and afterwards found the owner.

Prisoner's Defence. I have been fifteen years confined in a lunatic asylum, and at this period was labouring under a delusion; the confinement has since brought me to my senses; I did not commit the act with intent to deprive the gentleman of his picture, for I knew no more of what I was doing than a child unborn; I walked across the road and delivered it into the policeman's hands; I have no friend in the world, unless it is Mr. Cope, who knew me when I was in the Bluecoat-school; I had not tasted food for three days and three nights, and bad not a penny in my pocket.

MR. MURRAY
re-examined. At the time he was taken he looked very famished, and had every appearance of being in the most abject misery.





SCOTT WALLACE
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted on the 24th of June last, of larceny and confined three months)—I was present at the trial—he is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Ten Years.

