



790. 




WILLIAM WATTS
 was indicted

for stealing 6 shillings, 9 six-pences, and ten 4 groats, the monies of 



Charles William Evans; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






CHARLES WILLIAM EVANS
. I live in the Queen's-road, Chelsea. Be-tween nine and ten o'clock in the evening on 15th Feb., I was sitting in my parlour, at the back of my shop—the prisoner came into the shop—a woman called out, "The boy is behind your counter"—I jumped up, and saw the prisoner rush past the women at the door—I ran and caught him about 100 yards up the street—I passed a man who was standing on the steps, who attempted to catch him, but he eluded his grasp, and he could not—I took the prisoner, the policeman came up, and I saw him search him—he found on him six shillings, nine sixpences, and four groats—as I passed out of my shop I saw my till open—it had not been open before—it was always kept shut—I could not tell the amount that was in it—it was in small silver, shillings, sixpences, and fourpenny pieces—there was about as much as was found on the prisoner, and that was gone from my till.





ELIZABETH FOLEY
. I am a widow—I went into the prosecutor's shop about half-past nine o'clock that night—I saw the prisoner crawling on his hands and knees round Mr. Evana's counter, as I was drawing my pattens off—the prisoner said, "Mistress, don't say anything"—I did not answer him before he ran pat me—Mr. and Mr. Evans ran out, and said, "what is the matter"—I said, "There is a boy gone out of your shop."





WILLIAM PHELPS
 (police-constable E 107.) I saw the prisoner come out of Mr. Evans's shop—Mr. Evans caught him, and gave him to me—I found on him six shillings, nine sixpences, and four fourpenny pieces—I told him what he was charged with—he said he had better do that than starve.

prisoner. There were only seven sixpences found on me.





JOHN FOX
 (police-constable V 118.) I produce a certificate of the pri-soner's former conviction of felony, by the name of 


Daniel Here—(read-convicted 25th May, 1846, and confined three months, and whipped)—the prisoner is the person—I know him well—he has a month since that for stealing a bottle of wine.




GUILTY
. Aged 13—


Transported for Seven Years.

