




96. 




JOHN BAYS
 and 



JAMES BROWN
 were indicted for

 stealing 2 quarts of brandy, value 14s., the goods of 



John Easy; and that Bays had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN EAST
. I keep the Angel public-house, in the Back-road, Shad well. I took the house of Mr. Edwards—On the 7th of Nov. I found Bays in my cellar, quite drunk—he was not in my service, and I cannot say what could bring him there—there were some bricks in the cellar, and he was attempting to put a bag, with two or three bricks in it, on his shoulder, but he fell down—with my assistance he got up stairs, and Mr. Edwards took hold of him to torn him out of doors—I discovered two bottles of brandy concealed in the waistband of his trowser, and the brandy was running out of the bottle—I went for An officer—I went to my cellar, and examined a cask of brandy—I should say missed half a gallon from it—Bay's clothes were saturated with brandy—I charged Brown because he had been using the bag which Bays had got.





ROBERT EDWARDS
. I live in Limehouse. My brother occupied the Angel before Mr. Easy had it—I left some bricks in the cellar there—I employed Brown to set two stoves in a cottage—I said there were some bricks in the cellar, and I gave him the sack to fetch some home—he went to Smith, the bar-man, and went to the cellar to get the bricks—in consequence of Brown not coming to work in the afternoon, and finding that the sack I gave him was with Bays, Brown was given into custody—he was not seen to take anything, but he was found drunk—Bays was very drunk—he had had brandy in the bottles, but he fell down—the brandy was running out, and his clothes were saturated with it.





CHARLES POTTER
 (police-constable K 212.) Bays was given into my custody by Mr. Easy—he was very drunk—I found two bottles between his waistband and his skin—his shirt and trowsers were all brandy, and there was brandy about the floor, and brandy ran out of his mouth—I got a cart, and took him to the station-house, and sent for a medical man—I told Bays the next morning what he was in custody for—these are the bottles he had.

Bays. I asked him what I was locked up for; he would not answer me; but in ten minutes he pulled the bottles out of his pocket, and asked me if I knew them; I gave him no answer.

Brown's Defence. I had been drinking, but not in his house.

Bays' Defence. I had been drinking all the morning; I do not know how I got into the cellar.





CHARLES POTTER

re-examined, I produce a certificate of Bays's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted 3rd Feb., 1845, and confined nine months)—the prisoner is the person, and he had been summarily convicted before that.

BAYS—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.


BROWN—


NOT GUILTY
.
