




1075. 




JAMES DEWEY
 and 




WILLIAM BROWN



, feloniously engraving parts of a 5l. promissory of the Reading bank, with intent to defraud 



Henry Simonds, and others.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES JOHN GOVE SPRAKE.
 I am an engraver, at 14, Meard's-court, Wardour-street, Soho—I formerly lived in Pultney-court, Golden-square, directly opposite a person of the name of Layton. On 17th Feb. Mr. Layton brought the prisoner Brown to my apartment—Brown said he had come to see my work that Mr. Layton had been recommending me, and he wished to see some specimens of my engraving—I asked him what style he wanted, as there were so many—he seemed to hesitate, and at last produced this Galverston share note, marked "A," and said he merely wanted some specimens of that sort to show his friend in the country, that it was sent him to get the work done—he took three specimens of my work, and came again, I think, on the next Tuesday, with the specimen, and produced this note of the Reading bank, No. 57581—I then had a signature—he wished to know what the estimate would be for engraving two plates, necessary to produce a similar note—I had not doubt explained to him that two plates would be necessary, one for the note, and another for the word "Five"—I told him the expense, and what the printing of the notes would be—I had, two days before that, communicated with Messrs. Simonds', the bankers—I saw Mr. Mullens, and acted under his direction—I made these memorandums(produced) of all that took place between me and Brown—I next saw him on 29th, and received from him a verbal order for the plates, with a 5l.-note—he left the note with me—the signature was cut off as it is now—he was to have brought me 5s., but he only brought 4s.—he said his friend was in the neighbourhood, and he would get the other shilling directly—he returned is less than half an hour with the shilling—he asked the price of half a quire of paper for printing the notes, and whether I could get it for him—next day, 1st March, he called again, I inquired how the numbers were to be affixed—an appointment was made for the following Saturday, the 4th—he came about eleven o'clock, brought 10s., and promised more in the course of the day—he appeared anxious about getting the paper for the notes—I told him I had not got it, there was time enough for that—he called again between four and five, and brought another 10s., and an arrangement was made for the plate to be ready by four o'clock on the Monday—he called,

and I put him off the next day—he came next day, about seven in the evening—I showed him the plate—it was not quite done—I put him off till twelve or one o'clock the next day—he came about half-past one, and I gave him an impression of the plate I had shown him, with the word "Five," and also a specimen of the paper—he took them away, and promised to cell in half an hour, or three-quarters, with 30s.—he said he was going to show them to his friend—when he came back, he asked when I would get the two plates ready for making a finished note—he wished to have it on the Staturday—he called again that day and paid 1s. 5s.—he had promised me 30s.—he promised me the other 5s. at twelve or one next day—he called the next day, and brought me the other 5s., and I promised to have the writing of the other plates done by five the following Saturday, and the ornament and ruling on the Monday, by eleven or twelve—he spoke about the numbering—I advised that they should be put on separately—he said the paper was highly approved of, it could not match better—he came again on Saturday, 11th March—he gave me a half-sovereign—I spoke about the signatures and the blanks, and he gave me a must see the parties, and would let me know in a quarter of an hour, whether I was to engrave the signatures—he did not say where he was going to, but in the neighbourhood—he came back within half an hour, and said the parties would decide about the numbering and the signatures on the Monday—he said they wanted the plates on the Monday, and would make a fresh agreement for the signatures—he asked me the price of the signatures—I said 30s.—I was to make fac similes of the signatures, Fulbrook and Simmonds—he had told me that they were being lithographed—he did not show me the other signature then—I have not seen it since the first day—he was to bring me 1l. on Monday, 13th March—he came, and I gave him this plate (produced) without the ornament—he said he had it to shaw to the party—he returned about four o'clock, and brought me 6s. 6d. with the plate—he said he could not see his friend—he called again between seven and eight in the evening of the 14th—he asked if I. would let him have the pattern note, the genuine note which I had—I had it was at the printer's, to have the blue ink matched—I promised to give him some impressions about two o'clock next day—he said he wanted them to make money of—he returned in about half an hour with 2s.—on 15th, I saw him about half-past two—I had arranged with him that everything should then be ready—my wife was gone to the printers—he waited till she came back, and I showed him the six impressions she brought—he said the imitation was quite near enough, nothing if fact could be better, and he was perfectly satisfied, and if I would give him them, they, the parties, would turn them instantly into cash, and should have my money in half an hour—I refused to let him have them, as I did not know him, even his name, or where he lived—he said he lived in the City—I then gave him the six impressions and the original note—the next time I saw him at the Mansion-house, in custody, and I there saw these six impressions, which I had given him—there are marks on the plates which I see on the engravings—I put them there purposely.

Dewey. Q. Did you ever see me at your house? A. Not that I am aware of—I cannot say how far my house is from Dean-street—Meard's-court opens into Dean-street—you can walk from on e to other in two minutes—my house cannot be seen from Dean-street—I believe the notes produced are the same I gave Brown, but the plates have left my possession since, and I cannot say.


COURT.
Q. When did you part with the plates? A. On the day they were taken into custody—no more impressions had been struck off then—I gave the plates to some one in authority at the Mansion-house—they had been in my custody in the interval.





DANIEL FORRESTER.
 I was called on to assist in the observation of what was going on at Mr. Sprake's, and noticed Brown's visits there—I saw him between one and two o'clock on the 11th, come up the court towards Dean-street, in a direction from Mr. Sprake's house—he motioned with his hand as he came up the court, and I observed the prisoner Dewey standing in Dean-street, opposite the court, so as to be able to see the motion—Brown jointed him in Dean-street, and they went down Dean-street, into Compton-street, and turned up Frith-street—when I came into Queen-street, in Frith-street, I only saw Dewey—I stayed there five or ten minutes—Dewey was waiting about from Queen-street to Dean-street—I then observed them both walking along Queen-street into Greek-street, across Greek-street, up Rose-street, and there I missed them—I saw no more of them till the Monday, when I saw them both in Wardour-street, near Meard's-court—I saw Dewey afterwards, standing by himself, at the corner of Peter-street and Wardoor-street—Peter-street is nearly opposite Meard's-court, at the Wardour-street end—some time afterwards I saw Brown go from Meard's-court up Wardour street, into Broad-street, and turn into Poland-street, where I missed him—I did not see Dewey again that day—I only saw him for a short time—this plan (produced) is a correct representation of the streets and courts of which I have been speaking—the black mark indicates Sprake's house—on the 15th, in consequence of something that was told me, I went about half-past three o'clock to a public-house in Poland-street, about 150 or 200 yards from Sprakes's, and met Brown coming out of the parlour-door, which is only a step or two from the house door—when he saw me, he immediately turned back into the parlour—I followed him, and observed him immediately pass something to Dewey, who was sitting in a chair by the fire—I made towards the fire-place—Brown caught hold of me—at the same time I saw Dewey throw something on the fire—I extricated myself immediately from Brown, and got this parcel of five notes, which have been produced, from the fire—they were folded up very tight, in paper, and thrown on the fire, in the paper—I marked them at the time—Dewey threw the parcel on the fire immediately it was passed to him—he did not open it—while I had the parcel in my hand, I asked Brown whether he could give any explanstion respecting it—I had opened it sufficiently to know what it contained—he said he knew nothing about it—I then asked the same question of Dewey, and he said he knew nothing about it—I searched them, and found this card on Brown, with the name, "S. Fulbrook, Aug., 1847," scratched on it—I also found some papers of no consequence—I took them both into custody, and searched them at the Mansion-house, and found in Dewey's coat-pocket part of a cigar-case, which contained this other impression, and the genuine pattern 5l. note, "No. 57581," with one of the signatures cut off—I asked if he could give any explanation respecting them—he stated that a person in the public-house gave him the cigar-case, as it was, to hold—I asked him the person's name, and he made no answer—I also found some certificates of shares in Dewey's pocket-book.

Dewey. Q. How far was I from Sprake's house when you first saw me? A. About forty or fifty yards—I think you might see the door of the house from there—there were several other persons in the room of the public-house—I

did not see you at any other place that day before I took you—I cannot say whether you were smoking a pipe—I should think there was about half an hour between the times of my searching you—I do not recollect that you asked me, at the public-house, what the charge was against you

MR. BODKIN.
Q. I suppose you had assistance near? A. Yes, two men—I kept the prisoners under my sight between the times of my searching them—they were handcuffed so as not to be able to do anything.





SAMUEL GILL.
 I keep the Star and Garter, 62, Poland-street. Dewey was at my house three times within a week or ten days of his being taken—Brown was with him once, about two or three days before he was taken.

Dewey. Q. What time was it I went to your house on the 15th? A. Between eleven and twelve o'clock in the morning—I did not see you go out at all—I do not know a customer named Evans.





CHARLES SIMONDS.
 I am a banker, at Reading—the firm consists of John Simonds, Charles Simonds, the elder, and myself. This is one of the notes issued by our bank—the signature is taken off—it was my signature—this is an imitation of part of it—I gave no authority to any one to engrave this plate—we have never altered our plate—I received a communication from Mr. Sprake, early in March, and communicated with Messrs. Bush and Muilens, the solicitors to the Society for the Prevention of Frande on Bankers.

Dewey. Q. Would you have given cash for that good note in this state? A. No, on one would be imposed on by the imitation, in its present state—it has no date or signature.

Dewey's Defence. I got the papers by exchanging five Southampton and Manchester railroad notes for them; I sold Brown a gallon of spirits of wine for 12s.; he was to pay me on Saturday; I went with him to Dean-street, where he was to receive some money; he gave me 7s.; next Monday I met him by appointment; we went to Wardour-street; he gave me the remaining 5s.; the next Wednesday I went to Mr. Gill's, and dined; I was smoking my pipe, and a man named Evans came in, and asked me to take charge of his umbrella and cigar-case, while he went to the closet; soon after, Brown attempted to go out: Forrester came in and seized him, and said I took something from Brown, but I did not; I may have thrown my pipe on the fire, but cannot say; I asked Forrester what charge he had against me; he made no answer; if he had told me, I had an opportunity of finding the man who gave me the cigar-case; his men were drinking at the station, and I could have destroyed it, having one hand at liberty, if I had known there was anything in it.

DEWEY—


GUILTY. Aged 57.

BROWN—


GUILTY. Aged 33.





Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Erle.

