



588. 




SARAH BRIDEN, alias
 Ann Wilson

, was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



James Arthur Briden, on the 
8th of Feb., and forcing him into the water in a certain pond, with intent to murder him:—Three other counts, varying the description of the child's name.


MR. KENNEDY
conducted the Prosecution.






JOB LAMBELL
. I am a cab driver. On the 8th of Feb. last, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was going to Little Albion-street, Regent's-park, and saw the prisoner sitting on a bank by the road side—she was huggling up something in her breast—I could not see what it was then—I was coming back ut half an hour afterwards, driving my father's horse and cart, and saw the prisoner again—she was holding a child by one leg, and shoving its body into the water—I cannot exactly say how long she held it each time, but I saw her dip it twice—it was stark naked—it was quite a hard frost at that time—the prisoner bad her right sleeve tucked up—the water in which she dipped it was the pit of a foundation, near Barrow-hill bouses—I got out of the cart and was going over to her—she got out and ran away—I hallooed out to Kitson, who was coming by, to stop her, and she chucked the child down—I pursued the prisoner, and took her—wrapped the child up in a horse-cloth—I took the prisoner and child to Salisbury-street station in the cart—a man named Cotton got into the cart to hold her and the child—we called on Dr. Jones on our way to the station—we found Furlong and a sergeant at the station—the child was quite black when we got there—the sergeant ordered me to give the child to its mother—she was asked where she lived—she wook not give any answer—she was asked if the child was her own, and said it was.

COURT. Q. Did you know her before? A. I never saw her before, that I know of—she was quite sober—she said nothing when she threw down the child—I never heard her speak till she got to the station—I asked what she went to do it for, and she never spoke—the child was crying when I saw her dipping it into the water—it cried a little when we got it into the cart, but it hardly had strength to cry—it was a male child.





JOHN KITSON
. I am a painter by trade, and live in St. John's-wood. On the 8th of Feb., about a quarter after three o'clock, I was in the York and Albany-road—Lambell called me, and I saw the prisoner run away—I ran and stopped her—just as I laid hold of her cloak behind she threw the child away from her, about five feet, on the ground—she did not say a word—I picked up the child, and held the prisoner at the same time I the child was stark naked—it did not cry—it was stunned—its head was all dark at the top, as if mud had been over it, the black mud turned up in the water—it was black at the mouth—I saw it at the station—I gave it to Cotton—I did not go with the other men—I was employed getting ice.

COURT. Q. Was there ice in the pond? A. Yes—I had taken the ice off myself—it was a very sharp frost indeed.





EDWARD COTTON
. I live in Town send-road, near St. Jobn's-wood. On the 8th of Feb. I saw the prisoner near Barrow-hill houses, close to the pond—she was coming away from the pond with something wrapped up in her arms—I could not see anything—she met me on the path—I

was coming towards Albany-field—she was coming out of the field—a man who was sweeping the crossing said something to me—I saw her chuck the child out of her lap on the hard path—Kitson and a little girl who was passing picked it up directly—I cannot say which picked it op—I saw the prisoner taken into custody—I handed her into the cart—I got up after tier, and Kitson handed the child up to me—it was stark naked—we first went to a Mr. Jones in High-street, Portland-town, but he said he would not have anything to do with the case—we then went to the station—the hair of the child was very wet—the body being wrapped up in her arms we could not tell whether it was wet or dry—the head did not seem dirty—Furlong and another policeman took the child from meat the station—it was a male child—I heard questions put to the prisoner—she could not give any answers—she did not seem to understand—she was asked where she came from, and how old the child was—she said it was two months old, and it was her own child—I never saw her before.





JOHN FURLONG
. I am an inspector of the S division of police. The prisoner was brought to the station on the 8th of Feb. by Cotton and Lambell, with the child wrapped up in a horse-cloth—it appeared to be dying—the whole body had turned black—I procured warm water at soon as possible, got it a warm bath, and sent for a doctor—I asked the prisoner her name—she said, "Ann Wilson"—that the child was her own, and it was two months old—I gave the child into the hands of the surgeon.

COURT. Q. Did she seem quite sober? A. Perfectly—she was not at all confused in her manner—she was quite collected—she did not even offer to suckle the child till I entreated her to do so.





LAWRENCE LEONARD
 (police-sergeant S 25.) I was at the station when the child was brought—it was quite naked, and rolled up in a piece of horse-cloth—the body appeared quite black, with red spots—I thought it was dying—I asked the prisoner her name—she said, "Ann Wilson"—I asked where she lived—she said she had no place of abode—I asked where she slept the night before—she said she had come from Hertfordshire, to the best of my recollection—I asked who was the father of the child—she said he was in Derbyshire—I asked if she was married—she said she was not—I produce some workhouse clothes—they were in the prisoner's apron, and were all quite wet—they have not the workhouse mark.





WILLIAM KIRBY LEREW
. I am a surgeon. I was sent for on the 8th of Feb. to Salisbury-street station, and found the prisoner and the child there—the extremities of the child were very cold—the neck was exceedingly cold also, and the trunk of the body was of a blackish appearance—those appearances indicated congestion of the lungs—that might certainly he caused by the dipping in water—I administered some medicines to the child, and gave it a warm bath, and it ultimately recovered—it was not free from danger.





WILLIAM BARROCLOUGH
. I am master of the Edmonton Union. I know the prisoner—I never knew her to be called by any other name than Sarah Bidden—she was an inmate of our workhouse—her last admission was on the 4th of Oct. last—she was then pregnant—she was confined there on the morning of the 12th of Jan.—she was then delivered of a male child—it was kept with her afterwards in the Union until the

7th of Feb.—she then went to church, and the child was baptized in the name of James Arthur—on the following morning, Saturday, the 8th, & gave notice of her discharge, and left the house about a quarter part the in the morning—the child was dressed in the Union clothes—this frock produced is similar to what is worn by our children in the nursery, and this is the pattern of the blanket which is worn with the Union stripe in it—I have the parish books here, with an entry of the child's name. as "James Arthur," under the head of "what nnme baptized"—the name of Briden is not there—I never heard the child called by any other name than linden—the prisoner was in the Lying-in ward, and I was not in the habit of seeing her—I have the discharge-book, and an entry in my writing made from her report—the child is entered as Briden until it was baptized, and then the Christian name was put to it—it admitted and discharged under the name of James Arthur Briden—she gave me the Christian names when she came home from church—this entry of "James Arthur Biden" was by her direction.





JOHN JUDD
. I am parish-clerk of Edmonton. I remember the prisoner coming to be churched—she was churched in the name of Sarah Briden—she had a child with her which was baptized at that time by the name of James Arthur—I have the book here—this entry was made by the clergyman who christened it, in my presence—(read, "Feb. 7, James Arthur—Sarah Briden, Union-workhouse.")





PHILLIS BLAKER
. I know the prisoner. I remember going with her to church three weeks last Friday, to have the child half-baptized—I forget the name the prisoner went by—the child was baptized by the name of Alfred.

COURT. Q. Was Alfred the name, or was it James? A. I think it was James Alfred—it might have been James Arthur.

Prisoner's Defence. I am Yery sorry, but it was quite an accident; it was not my intention to drown my child; I came up with the intention of getting a wet-nurse's place.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


Before Mr. Justice Williams.

