





776. 




JOSEPH GARDNER
 and 




HENRY SOUTH
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 firkin, value 1s.; and 60lbs. weight of ivory black, 8s., the goods of 



John Parry; and that Gardner had been previously convicted of felony.






JAMES GANE
. I am a labourer. On 25th Feb. I was in company with John Gording and James Fallow, in York-street, and saw the prisoners standing together at the corner of Gardeners'-lane—Gardner crossed over to the Tom and Jerry shop, opposite Mr. Parry's he crossed over the road again, went to Mr. Parry's door, picked up a tub, and put it on South's shoulder—they went down Gardeners'-lane—I went and told Mr. Parry—I knew Gardner by sight, and can swear he took the tub.





JOHN GORDING
. I live in York-terrace, York-road, Westminster-road—am employed in the marble works there—I was in company with Gane, about half-past nine o'clock, and saw both prisoners standing talking together at the corner of Gardeners'-lane—Gardner crossed to the Tom and Jerry shop, came back, took up a tub at Mr. Parry's door, and put it on South's shoulder—I went and told Mr. Parry.





JAMES FALLON
. I am a labourer, and live at York-terrace—I was in company with Gane and Gording, and saw Gardner cross over, and go into the Tom and Jerry shop—he stopped there five minutes, went across, took up the tub, and put it on to South's shoulder—they turned down Gardeners'-lane—I knew South by sight, and am quite sure he is the man.





JOHN PARRY
. I am an oil and colourman, and live in York-street, Westminister. About nine o'clock last Friday night, I had placed a tub of ivory black outside my shop—I had some goods come in about seven o'clock, and placed it outside to make room—about half-past nine the witnesses came and told me what had happened—I missed the tub—I did not find it again—it was worth 9s. 6d.





WILLIAM MILLERMAN
. In consequence of information I received, I took Gardner in charge on Saturday night—I told him what it was for—he laughed at me, and said, "They have not got me to right yet "—about half an hour afterwards I took South, and told him it was on suspicion of stealing a tub of ivory black—he said he knew nothing about it.

Prisoner Gardner. Q. Did not I say I would go quietly with you? A. Yes—you did not to run away.

South's defence. I was in bed that night.





GEORGE CARTER
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Gardner's former conviction—(read—Convicted Dec., 1839,(having been before convicted of felony,)—transported for seven years)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.

GARDNER—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.


SOUTH—



GUILTY. Aged 17.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury
—




Confined Three Months


