




1226. 




ELIZABETH REES
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
14th of March, 2 half-crowns, 1 shilling, and 3 halfpence; the monies of 



John Perkins, from his person: and 





JOHN PEAT



, for feloniously harbouring the said Elizabeth Rees, well knowing her to have committed the same felony; and that Peat had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN PERKINS
. I live at Cock Foster, near East Barnet. I met the prisoner Rees at the Green Man tavern, at Barnet, and Peat was with her—it was on a Saturday night, about half-past eleven o'clock—I was sober—Rees asked me to give her some drink, which I did, and then she asked if I would go with heir—I said I did not mind—we went to the footpath that leads over to Barnet—we left Peat in the house—I had then two half-crowns, two shillings, and three halfpence in my left-hand waistcoat-pocket—I gave Rees 1s., and while I was with her I felt her hand feeling about my pocket, and immediately I missed my money—I took hold of her, and intended to give her to a policeman, but I could not see one—Peat then came up, rescued her from me, and knocked me down with his fist—he said, "You accuse her of the money"—he gave me a blow in the eye—he took her away, and went away—a policeman came up and took them.





JOSEPH ALLEN
. I was with the prosecutor at Barnet—I saw the prisoners

in the public-house—Rees and the prosecutor then went out, and after that I met the prosecutor, who said he had been robbed.

Peat. Q. Did you not drink with me? A. Yes—I did not come out with you—I was not drunk, nor was the prosecutor.





ALFRED DRAGE
. I am a policeman. On the night of the 14th of March, the prosecutor came and said he had been robbed of 6s. 1 1/2 d. in the lane—I went to a house kept by one Townsend, and demanded admission—they refused to let me in—I went again and entered the house—I found the two prisoners in bed together in a room that Peat rents—the prosecutor gave them in charge for robbing him—he was quite sober when he came to me.

Rees's Defence. The prosecutor had been to the Mitre and raffled for a fish—he lost his money and then said he had been robbed; a policeman took me, and could not find the money on me; the prosecutor would not give me in charge; I then went home, and at three o'clock in the morning the officer took me.

Peat's Defence. Another man took us first, and the prosecutor said, "I will have nothing to do with it, she has not got my money"—I came out of the house with Allen, and the prosecutor struck me—he was drunk, and so was Allen.





GEORGE MURDELL
 (City police-constable 484.) I produce a certificate of Peat's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the man that was convicted.

REES—


GUILTY
. Aged 22. 


Transported for Ten Years.

PEAT—


GUILTY
. Aged 27. 


Transported for Fourteen Years.
