



431. 




ANN ALEXANDER



was indicated for feloniously assaulting 



William Charnock, putting him in fear and danger of his life, and stealing from his person and against his will, I watch value 3l; 2 seals, 2s., and 1 key, 3d., his goods.


MR. PARRY
conducted the prosecution.






WILLIAM CHARNOCK.
 I am a plumber and glazier, and live in Albion-street, Albion-terrace, Wandsworth-road. On 9th Dec., between ten and eleven o'clock, I was going home on the wandsworth-road, between Wands-worth and Clapham—the prisoner came to me and said, "Well, my dear, how do you do, will you go home with me?" or something of that sort—I said, "No, lt don't answer my convenience, "or words to that effect—she asked me to treat her—I was walking before—I was standing still then, and my right hand was in my right pocket, with a small quantity of money in it, and my watch in my fob—I felt my watch drawn out, and immediately charged her with stealing it—I seized her by the right hand with my left hand, and my hat was knocked over my eyes in an instant—to the best of my knowledge there was one female and two men there, besides the prisoner—I imagine it was one of the men knocked my hat over my head—I heard footsteps running as fast as men could run—I kept hold of the prisoner, and never left her till I gave her in charge of a policeman—this watch produced is mine—I am quite certain I felt my watch in my fob when my hand was in my pocket.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANK.
Q. Was this near the Horns, at Kennington? A. No—near Newington Church—I was as sober as I am now—the last place I had been at was Fisher and Co.'s, painters and glaziers, in Blackman-street—I was not in conversation with any other woman that night—I

had been at the Swan, in the Dover-road long enough to take a glass of gin and water with a friend, and eat a toast rabbit—I swear there was no woman in my company before this—I did not say some woman had robbed me, and I could see no other female on the spot; and should give the prisoner into custody—I did not make use of a vulgar expression—I found fault with the policeman when he came up, that was owing to my ignorance of the matter—I thought the policeman ought to have been nearer the spot then he was, as I had hold of the prisoner so long at the risk of my life—I called out to the policeman—he did not come at once—the who took her in charge was off duty, and accidentally came up—that was not the reason I abused him—I did not know whether he was on duty or not—I did not impute to him that he was a friend of the woman, and was her fancy man—nothing of the kind—I did not say I had been drinking a great deal—I said I had been drinking when I gave the charge—I had my hand in my pocket before the prisoner came up to me—I had no control over her hands to prevent them going to that part of my person.

COURT
Q. How near did you perceive her hand at your watch-pocket? A. We were as close together as I am to the rail of the box—there was nobody near enough to draw my watch out but the prisoner—she stood so close to me I could not she her band at my fob.

MR. DOANE
Q. Were the parties behind you then? A. I do not know—I did not see them in front of me.

Q. Then, if there were other persons, they must have been behind you? A. Certainly—if you were taken hold of and stopped by a female. You would not be able to go away without having some conversation with her—I swear the prisoner hindered me from going on.





THOMAS LOCKYER
 (police-constable L 135.) On the 9th of Des., about ten o'clock, I was accidentally passing up the road leading from Newington to the Elephant and Castle—I did not see any other policeman about—I saw a crowd of seven or eight persons—I went across the road, and found the prosecutor holding the prisoner—he said, "Policeman, I give this women into custody for stealing my watch!"—I took her to the station—I did not see any men running away—the prosecutor said she had not got the watch, she had given it to a man who had run down a passage—I could see nearly all down, and saw nobody—I did not go down the passage.

Cross-examined. Q. Was not Charnock very abusive to you? A. Rather, because I would not go down the court after the man—he had been drinking a little, but know perfectly well what he was about—he was in very excited state.

MR. PARRY.
Q. Did he appear excited about losing his watch? A. Yes.





THOMAS RACE.
 I am a pawnbroker. This watch was pawned with me on the 11th of Dec. by a man, in the name of James Pearce—I have the ticket here.




GUILTY. Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Maule.

