



588. 




JAMES EDWARD CARNEGIE
 was again indicted

 for obtaining, by false pretences, 6 dozen of champagne, value 18l.; and 30 sovereigns; the property of 



Henry Hosch, with intent to cheat and defraud him of the same.


MESSRS. BALLANTINE
and
CARTEEN
conducted the Prosecution.






ANDREW SMITH
. I remember the month of Oct., 1844—that was after I had been the prisoner—one day in that month, I was I my counting-house, writing a letter to Mr. Hosch, a wine-merchant—the prisoner came in at that time—he was looking at me at the time I wrote the letter—I think he observed it—I did not give him any recommendation to Mr. Hosch—I afterwards saw Mr. Hosch, and had some conversation with him.





HENRY HOSCH
. I am a wine-merchant—I was living in Bridge-yard. In Oct., 1844, the prisoner came and knocked at my door—he came in—he represented himself as Captain Carnegie, and said Mr. Smith had given him my name—he said his lady was outside—I told him to introduce the lady, and she came into the office—he introduced her to me as the countess of Beaumont—we drank a bottle or two of wine—he gave me an order in a week or ten days, and I sent him in wine to the amount of 37l. 13s.—I believed Mr. Smith sent him to me—I did not make any inquiry of Mr. Smith—the wine was to be directed to the Countess of Beaumont—I believed him to be Captain Carnegie, and his wife to be the Countess of Beaumont, and that he come from Mr. Smith—I should not have parted with my wine unless I had believed what he stated to me—I afterwards had a communication with Mr. Smith—the prisoner called on me that, I cannot tell how many times, but he called often—I let him have 30l. in money—he never mentioned to me who he was related to—Mr. Smith mentioned that to me—he represented himself to me as Captain Carnegie.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. I suppose persons always give you a name when they come to purchase goods? A. Yes, they must have some name—sometimes they do not pay me—the prisoner said Mr. Smith gave him my name—we talked about an atmospheric railway—I do not know that the Magistrate dismissed this case—when the prisoner got the my money he asked me if I could oblige him with 30l.—that was not the first time he called on me—when be ordered the wine he told me to direct some wine to his lady the Countess, and he wrote his name in my pocket-book, which I have here—he told me his name was Captain Carnegie.

COURT. Q. If you had not believed his lady was Countess Beaumont, and

that he was Captain Carnegie, and that he had been recommended by Mr. Smith, should you have let him had it? A. No.




GUILTY
. Aged 48—


Transported for Seven Years.

