








1049. 




WILLIAM SAINT,



 WILLIAM CLARKE,



 JAMES DAVIS,


 GEORGE LLOYD,


 ROBERT WILLES
, and 



GEORGE CUNNINGHAM
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the counting-house of 




Jacob Ruffy, on the 
27th of January, at 
St. Olave, Hart-street, and stealing therein 1 seal, value 1s.; 1 ring, value 1l.; 2 pieces of paper, value 3d.; 1 bill of exchange for 52l. 10s. 7d.; 1 other bill of exchange for 25l. 10s. 7d.; 1 other bill of exchange for 24l. 0s. 2d.; and 1 half of a 5l. Bank-note; his property.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM HENRY FROUTBECK
. I have the care of the house No.59, Mark-lane, which is let out in offices—Mr. Ruffy has two rooms on the

second-floor, which he uses for his business—it was my duty to sweep out the rooms, and open the place every morning. On the evening of the 26th of January I left the premises all safe—it is usual to lock the inner-door of the counting-house—sometimes I do so, and sometimes not—when I do, I hang the key up in the place—I locked the outer-door on the 26th, and left it all safe about twenty minutes past seven o'clock in the evening—I went to the premises at a quarter before seven next morning—I found the outer-door perfectly safe, the same as I had left it—I unlocked it, went into the passage, and found it very much deranged, and part of a lantern with some oil lying on the ground, with some pieces of cloth—I am speaking of the passage after opening the door of the house—I went up stairs, but before I came to Mr. Ruffy's door, I ran down stairs immediately, and called over to Alderman Wood's man, who came to the door—I then went to the police-office, and brought a sergeant and some policemen—we then went up stairs to Mr. Ruffy's counting-house, and found the place broken open, and ransacked—the iron safe was broken open, the whole place ransacked, covered with papers, and every place in confusion—I remained till Mr. Ruffy came, which was about ten o'clock.





JACOB RUFFY
. I carry on business as a merchant, at No. 69, Mark-lane, in the parish of St. Olave, Hart-street. On Thursday morning, the 27th of January, I went to my premises—I found the police-sergeant, and others there, and the place ransacked—among other property stolen, was three bills of exchange—one for 24l., one for 25l., and one for 52l. 10s. 7d.—this bill (produced by inspector Waller) is the one for 52l. 10s. 7d., which I lost—it is a French bill, drawn at Madeira, and so were the others, drawn by Charles Monro Johnson, Fenchurch-street, London—there was also stolen a half of a £5 Bank of England note, No. 32096, dated 13th of April, 1839, which was remitted to me from Madeira—I have the other half of the note with me—the value of the property I lost was about 120l.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. The other things were of very small value, except the bills and notes? A. Yes, except two cancelled bills, one of 300l., and the other, 335l.—they were of no value, as they were on wrong stamps.





THOMAS PHILLIPS
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England. I produce the half of a 5l. note, No. 32096, which was brought to the Bank on the 15th of February by a man named David Davis—I did not see him—these two halves form one note.





CHARLES PACKER
. I recently kept a public-house called the Old Rum Puncheon, in Rose and Crown-court, near Moorfields—I know some of the prisoners. Better than three weeks ago (to the best of my knowledge) saint, Clarke, and Davis came to my house with their wives, and had some eating and drinking together, as much as came to 25s.—Lloyd was not with them—Saint left half a 5l. note with me as security—the others were not present when it was left with me—they were in the house, but in what part I cannot say—it was left as security for the 25s.—it was to remain with me till the evening—Saint said he expected a gentleman down that would pay him the money for the note, and he would give me 25s. out of it—this was between twelve and one o'clock in the day—they remained at my house till the evening—nobody came in the evening, and they all went away one by one, Saint, Clarke, Davis, and their wives—no application was made to me about the note that evening by anybody—about four or five days afterwards, Lloyd, I think, came—it was Lloyd, I

think—I gave the note to Lloyd—he said, "I understand there has been Saint here, and Clarke, and Davis, and run up a score to the amount of 25s., and sooner than you shall be the loser, I will see what I can do—I will take it to a party who will give you the money for it, and get it changed"—upon that I gave it to him—he called on me again a few days afterwards, and said the note was taken to the Bank, and stopped—soon after that inspector Waller came to me—I did not at that time know where Lloyd lived—I went with Waller to No. 9, Willow-walk, Curtain-road, and there found Lloyd—I told Lloyd that I wanted to speak to him respecting the 5l. note—he came out and spoke to me—Waller asked him whether he would go down to his brother-in-law, Cunningham—he said yes, he would go with me—we went, and Waller waited at my place till Lloyd and I returned—Lloyd and I went to Cunningham, and Lloyd, Cunningham, and I returned to Waller—Lloyd and Cunningham were then taken into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was not what Lloyd said, that he would endeavour to find a customer for the half-note, who would pay you the money? A. No, not to my knowledge—I was examined before the Magistrate-Lloyd did say that sooner than I should be a loser, he would find a customer for the half-note, who would pay me the money—when he told me the note was stopped at the Bank, he said it was stopped because it was a stolen note—he took me at once to Cunningham's. his brother-in-law—Waller did not go with us-Lloyd was at liberty to go with me where he liked—he was not in my custody—I told him that Waller would wait at my house for them, and it was after that that Cumningham and Lloyd went with me to Waller at my house—Waller was is his uniform.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What did you do with the note from the time you say Saint gave it to you, till you gave it to Lloyd? A. It was in my possession—I had no other half-note—I put it inside the bar-parlour, in the card-rack over the mantel-piece—no one had access to that, but the lady that keeps the house.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you find it in the same place? A. Yes.





DAVID DAVIS
. I keep a clothes-shop in Field-lane. On the 15th of February the prisoner Lloyd came to my shop in company with a person, who I do not know—(looking at the witness Samuel Fletcher)—that is the man—I have known him for many years, living in the, City, as a clothes-salesman—I do not know his name, but his person, and his warehouse where he lived—Lloyd produced this half-note to me, and his child had burnt change for it—I asked how it came burnt—he said his child had burnt it on Saturday night—that he had received it from his employers on the Saturday night—I said I could not think of taking a note of any stranger till I spoke to the Bank of England, and inquired if it was correct—he said, "Very well, I will leave it with you"—and he left it with me—he said he had been to the Bank of England, and they had marked on the note in red ink, "To be paid in fourteen days," and he, wanted the money in his business, as a chair-maker—he said he was a chair-marker—I asked where he received it—he said from his employer in Finsbury-square—I said, "Why not take it back there?"—he said, "I should not like to trouble my master"—he was to leave it with me for examination at the Bank, and was to call between two and three o'clock for an answer—I then went to the Bank, and made inquiries, and on that I returned home—I went to Lloyd, where he gave his address, Long-alley, Moorfields, before the time I appointed for him to come to my house—I went from the Bank to Longalley

—I had asked him his address, and he himself gave it to me—I did not find him there—I then went home, and found him at my house with Fletcher—I told him the note was of no use to me, he must go with me to the Bank—he readily went with me to the Bank—at the Bank they told me they could not place it to my account—I told him the Bank would not pay it without an affidavit, and he must go with me—he, and I, and Fletcher went towards the Bank—when we got near the Bank, Lloyd said his brother-in-law knew more about it, and saw it burnt, and he could make a stronger affidavit than he could—he said, "Wait here for five minutes, while I go down and fetch him"—we were then against the Auction-mart—he went down the steps of the area of the Auction-mart, and never returned—I saw no more of him till he was in custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you known him long? A. I never saw him in my life before—Fletcher brought him to my house—I have bought of Fletcher cloth and wool of different descriptions for many years—I have lived in Field-lane forty years—my house has never been searched, there could be nothing found if it was.





CHARLES WALLER
 (City police-inspector.) I went to No. 9, Willowwalk, Curtain-road, on Thursday, the 24th of February—Charles Packer went with me—I found Lloyd there—I told him I wanted to see him, and also asked him if he knew where Cunningham was—he said, "Yes"—I did not say what I wanted to see him for at that time—I asked if he would go with Packer, and meet me at Packer's house, and bring Cunningham with him—he did so—nothing more passed between us—I had not then told him what I wanted him for—when they got to Packer's house I asked Lloyd if he knew anything about the half of a 5l. note which was stolen property—he said "Yes"—I asked him where he received that note from—he said be had received it from Packer—I then asked Cunningham knew anything about the note—he said "No"—I asked Cunningham if he knew anything about the bill for 52l. 10s. 7d. that was also stolen—he said "Yes"—I asked him where he got it from, or from whom he got it—he said a person of the name of Saint; that he (Cunningham) and Lloyd went down to the Auction-mart; that he (Cunningham) gave the bill to Lloyd, and Lloyd gave it to a person named Wood—that was said by Cunningham in Lloyd's presence—I took them both into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I believe Lloyd and Cunningham gave you all the assistance in their power? A. They did from the first beginning to the end, and gave what clue they could to the detection of the case—Cunningham in particular, and also Willes.





ROBERT HAMBLIN
 (City police-constable, No. 501.) I took Saint into custody on the 23rd of February, at No. 7, Half Nicol-street, Bethnalgreen—I told him I took him for a burglary at No. 59, Mark-lane—he said he knew nothing at all about it, that others knew more about it than he did.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You searched his place and found nothing? A. Nothing.

MR. RUFFY
re-examined. There was no appearance of any burning whatever on the half-note when it was stolen.





CHARLES MONRO JOHNSON
. I am a ship-broker, in Fenchurch-street. This bill for 52l. 10s. 7d. was drawn on me and accepted by me—it was due on the 19th of February; on that day a man named Stevens Wood

called on me, and made a communication to me on the subject of that bill in consequence of which I accompanied him to the police-station in Tower-street—I did not desire Wood to be detained—he was detained—he was given into custody in my office.





STEVENS WOOD
. I am a discount broker, and live at Rotherhithe—I have transacted business at the Auction-mart in London. On the 11th of February I was there; the prisoner Lloyd was introduced to me that day by a person named Baker—I did not know him before—I knew Baker—Lloyd produced this bill to me to get it discounted—it would be due some days after, on the 19th—I found that it required an endorsement, as it was specially endorsed to Mr. Ruffy, and there was no endorsement by Mr. Ruffy upon it—I said, "The bill is not negotiable in its present state, it must have Mr. Ruffy's endorsement on it before it can be negotiated"—he said he would go and get it done—I told him it was rather late then, and asked how long he would be gone—he said be had to go to the Commercial-road; it would take him nearly an hour—he went any and was gone about an hour—when he came back, Cunningham and Willes came with him—the bill was then endorsed as it is now—I told them I would endeavour to get it discounted, and if they would call not morning, I would give them an answer—they agreed to that; Lloyd at first did not wish to leave the bill with me, but Willes said he had known me some length of time, and he was sure it would be right; if I gave an undertaking to return the bill or the money, it would be perfectly safe in my hands; upon that they agreed to leave it—Lloyd said if he could not come himself, I might give the money, or return the bill to Mr. Cunningham—Cunningham came to me next morning—I told him I had not succeeded in getting the bill discounted—I was to make a further effort that day, and to give an answer on the Monday morning—I did not hear or see anything more of them after that day—on the 19th, the day the bill became due, I went to the house of Mr. Johnson, the acceptor, took the bill with me, and made a communication to him, in consequence of which I was taken into custody.

Willes. He told me at the station, in the inspector's presence, that he had received the bill from a person named Baker. Witness. I never said I received it from Baker—I said I got it through the introduction of Baker.

Willes. I never saw saw him with the bill, till after he got it; he received it from Lloyd and Cunningham; he sent a policeman after me at nine o'clock, on the Saturday night, and when I got to the station he acknowledged that he received it from these parties, and wished me to look after them, which I did, but I never introduced the subject to him, and I never had the bill in my possession five minutes.





ROBERT BAKER
. I was at the Auction-mart on the 11th of February—I am acquainted with Mr. Wood—I introduced Fletcher to him that day at the Auction-mart, and a person who I believe to be the prisoner Lloyd—Fletcher introduced Lloyd to me, and I introduced him to Mr. Wood, for the purpose of discounting a foreign bill—I knew Fletcher and Wood, but not Lloyd—I believe the bill was left with Wood—I knew nothing of it afterwards.





SAMUEL FLETCHER
. I live at No. 8, Waterloo-street, St. Luke's—I am a cloth-manufacturer by business, but of late years I have been in the rag line—I am not in business at present. I know Lloyd—I went with him to the Auction-mart, for the purpose of getting a bill for 52l. and upwards

discounted—I found Baker there—I knew him, and introduced Lloyd to him, and Baker introduced him to Wood—the bill was left with Wood to get discounted—I did not know Lloyd before Thursday, the 10th of February last, which was the day I went to the Auction-mart—he was introduced to me by Willes, with the 52l., bill—I have known Willes, I believe, upwards of twelve years—when I first knew him he had some paper-mills at High-hill-ferry, bat I had not seen him latterly, perhaps not for a year and a half before the 10th of February—he wished me to call in at the Stirling Castle public-house—he introduced Lloyd to me for the purpose of getting this bill discounted—on Monday, the 14th, there was to be a conclusion about the discount of the 52l. 10l. bill—I went to the Auction-mart that day—I saw Willes and Cunningham there—Cunningham went to get the bill discounted, Mr. Wood said it was specially endorsed, and required an endorsement to be put on it—Cunningham had the bill after it was endorsed, and gave it to Mr. Wood, for the purpose of being discounted—on that Monday Mr. Wood was to give his final answer about discounting the bill—I was at the Auction-mart that Monday—Cunningham was at a house opposite, but became and said, if Wood came with the money or the bill, he was to be called on there—I saw Baker there, but none of the other prisoners, that I am aware of—I saw Mr. Wood that day, and the money was not procured—he came to the Auction-mart, and went over the way to Cunningham—I did not go with him—I saw another person there, whom I have since seen, but not either of the prisoners—when Mr. Wood came back from Cunningham he said something to me; in consequence of which, I went to the Old Rum Puncheon public-house, and there saw Lloyd—Packer gave Lloyd part of a 5l. note—I agreed to go next day with Lloyd to get it changed at Davis's, and we went.





JOHN FREDERICK COBET
. I am a translator of foreign languages, and live in London. On the 10th of February, the prisoners, Willes and Cunningham, came to me—I was ill in bed at the time—they called to know whether I could assist them in getting a couple of bills discounted—Cuningham produced two bills from his pocket, rolled up, and in a crumpled state—I said, "What a pity you should keep them in that negligent, careless kind of way, for if the bills are ever so good, it throws a damper on them in introducing them in a respectable channel"—the remark was made that a hot iron would make it all right—to the best of my belief Willes said that—I copied both the bills, and have the copies here, which I took at the time—it is not a literal translation—the first is (reading) "Madeira, 6th December, 1841, due February 20th, 1842. 30 days sight; first of exchange. Gordon, Duff, and Co. Order, Capt. Thompson, in full of my passage money hence to Demerara, Charles Heath. Drawn on Barton, Hasleham, and Higgins, Liverpool. Accepted, 18th January, 1842. Payable at Dennisons' and Co., London. Signed, Barton, Hasleham, and Higgins, 24l."—the other bill is for 25l. 10s. 4d., dated "Madeira, 8th December, 1841, accepted by James King, Esq., Bristol; due, 20th February, 1842. Accepted 18th January. 30 days sight, and payable at Robarts, Curtis, and Co."—I noticed that the last bill was endorsed to Mr. Ruffy—having examined the bills, I said on the first bill, according to the Continental laws, with which I was acquainted, there was an irregularity—the endorsement of Gordon, Duff, and Co. preceded, instead of followed, the endorsement of Thompson, and I remarked that, according to the Continental laws, that would vitiate the transfer, but I was not sufficiently acquainted with the

laws of England to know whether it would have the same effect in this country, nevertheless I considered it an irregularity—I explained that to them, and I believe Cunningham said, "Well, I thought it was all right, Willes knows enough about bills to say they are all right," and I believe he told me at the time that he himself knew little about bills—I saw nothing wrong in the second bill—I saw it was specially endorsed to J. Ruffy Esq., and asked Cunningham whether his name was Ruffy—he said "No"—I asked whether he was the holder of the bill—he said "Yes"—I said "How does it happen then that that name is deficient?"—I made then remark to both the parties that the endorsement was special, and the name was deficient—Cunningham said it did not matter, it could be got—there was mention made of there being a third bill in existence—I could not take on myself to recollect who said that—they said the amount of the other bill was 50l. odd, I understood, but I have not seen that bill—they said they had such a bill, but not with them—I desired them to let me see the other bill, because from the irregularities I perceived on this bill, I did not like to make my mind up as to the appearance, or the nature of the suspicious circumstance—they then left me—next day, Cunningham came to me alone, and brought the same two bills, but not the third—he asked me either to lend him, or procure him the loan of 2l. on these two bills—I noticed that Mr. Ruffy's signature was still wanting, and made the remark to Cunningham—I said, "Where is that third bill you promised me to look at yesterday?"—he said he could not get it, that Willes would not let him have it—I said, "How does it happen that this bill is in the same state as when you brought it to me before?"—he said, "Well, but is not the other bill, (alluding to the 24l. bill,) where there is no special endowment required, sufficient for the 2l.?"—I said "No, I will tell you what—I don't like the look of the whole of this case, because the third bill does not make its appearance," and then the young man being by himself I said, "I tell you what, I don't like the look of the whole case; how am I certain those bills may not have been found?"—that was a suggestion of mine—Cunningham replied, "Supposing they have"—I said, "That is the reason I will have nothing at all to do with them, nor advise you to do"—previous to that I said, "If I was fool enough to meddle in this transaction, who tells me that these bills may not have been already advertised and stopped"—to which Cunningham answered, "No, I have looked at the paper these nine days"—that opened my eyes sufficiently, and I then addressed him in a manly style, saying, "I am older than to be your father, and I advise you to have nothing at all to do in this case, to meddle with the negociation of this paper—for, in the first instance, you cannot succeed without an attempt at fraud, and in the next without a forgery, and by attempting either, you run the risk of being sent across the water"—he then shook, and said, "Oh, I had better then destroy them"—I said "No, why would you do an innocent owner an injury without doing yourself any benefit or good by it? If you like to be guided by me, the only way in which you can even make an honest something out of it, and with out any danger to yourself, will be this; bring me the third bill yon have got, and I will do like I have done with the other two, make a copy of it and make a public advertisement for you, drawing it in the mildest manner, namely, that they had been found, and I will make an advertisement to that effect for you in the public papers"—I told him he would get a better reward that way than by any other means, and without any risk—that advice he seemed highly to approve of, and promised to follow—he

then left me—before be left me he stated that he should hare tome difficulty in getting the third bill—I said, "No matter, you must insist on having it back, if it is in the hands of your own father"—this was on Friday, the 11th of February—to the best of my recollection in the middle of the day something near that, I cannot recollect exactly the time—I had no clock in my room—he did not leave either of the bills with me—he took them away with him, and I never saw any more of him, and never had a sight of the third bill—when I heard this matter was under inquiry, I went to the office of the solicitor for the prosecution, and told him what I knew of it, as soon as I was able to get out of bed—I did not know anything of it at the time, because I was ill, but I stated the circumstance in my house the very day it occurred.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Have you always given the same account of this transaction? A. I am sure I never gave any other—I always said that Cunningham said he had been looking at the paper for nine days—that I swear—I am a translator of languages, and a public interpreter—I have received an education like yourself, a classical one—I was formerly a merchant—in 1837, I unfortunately had to come over to attend at the trial of the notorious Kinnear, who robbed me of 3,200l. by forgery, and ever since that occasion I have remained—I have been ruined by Kinnear, and have been under the painful necessity of applying for my insistence to my humble talents—I have had no establishment in London; at least I should tell an untruth if I said I had not, but not since 1827, not a mercantile connexion—I certainly have done some business in London since 1827.

Q. Have you dealt in cigars? A. That is a question which I appeal to his Lordship whether I am bound to answer.

COURT. You had better answer it. Witness. Then yes, I have, from my connexion with foreign captains, and I do not hesitate to say it—if I have had recourse to a trifle by procuring an article which may be susceptible to some fiscal regulations, which you may draw me into, I appeal, under these circumstances, if I am bound to commit myself—this seems to be done out of spite, because I happen to come forward in vindication of a public case, to pick a hole in my coat for doing a thing which, morally considered, is by no means wrong, however much so it may be in another point of view—I have done no moral wrong—it is unconnected with this case—I refuse to answer the question—I do not mean to say that I have been guilty of it, but I refuse it—I refuse to answer whether I have dealt in brandy—I do not recollect it, and if I have, I have done it under circumstances of necessity, because I have laboured under a paralytic affliction, and have not the use of my limbs.

MR. BODKIN. Q. You are acquainted with captains of foreign vessels, and I suppose these questions about cigars and brandy have some reference to some little dealings between you and them? A. It may be so.

Willes. Cunningham wanted to borrow some money on them, being foreign bills—I knew Mr. Cobet was in the way, and went to him—being exceedingly deaf, I said, "This gentleman wants foreign bills discounted; it is useless, my being deaf, to have any thing more to do with it, I will leave you to yourselves," and I sat down at the further end of the room—I only introduced Cunningham to Mr. Cobet, and left them to talk themselves—I never said any thing about a hot iron making it all right—I never looked at the bills—I only took Cunningham there.






JACOB RUFFY

re-examined. Among the bills stolen on the night in question there was one for 24l., dated Madeira, 6th of December draws by Charles Heath, of Liverpool, due on the 20th of February, payable at Dennison's; another for 25l. 10s. 4d., dated Madeira, 8th of December 1841, drawn by Thomas Thompson, on James King, payable at Robarts and Curtis's—it was not specially endorsed—I have the seconds and the notices I attached to them—the seconds are identical copies of those that were lost—the notes have never been restored to me—I never indorsed the bill that was specially endorsed to me, or any of the bills.





ZACHARIAH PICKARD
. I live at No. 21, Bacon-street, Bethnal-green; I manufacture fringe and lace in the upholstery line. I occasionally go to the Old Rum Puncheon, which used to be kept by Packer—I remember seeing the prisoner Davis there—the first time I saw him there was about six months ago—I never saw him there on this affair at all—he called on me, as near as I can remember, six weeks ago come Wednesday—I cannot fix the date, as I paid so little attention, it having nothing to do with my affairs—he had been once before to my house, but I was not in the way—he left word when I came home to stop, and in consequence of that I saw him—he asked me to read a note for him—I asked if be could not read himself—he said, "No"—he had not got the note with him—I asked him for it, and he asked me if I would step with him and read it—I accompanied him to a house just on the spot, I do not know the name of the street, and there found Saint, Clarke, and Davis—Clarke produced some papers—they appeared to be bills drawn—(looking at the bil for 52l. 10s. 7d.)—I believe this is one of the bills I saw—I read the bills—I do not remember the particulars of any other than this—I read then to them, and laid them down.

Q. What induces you to say that is one of them? A. It being the same amount—I remember the amount of that one bill—I do not remember the amount of any of the others—I read four bills—I cannot pretend to say the amounts of the other bills, but they were under this—they were partly printed, and partly in ink—one was from Liverpool, and I believe one from Madeira—I read them aloud—they told me to read—I read the words Madeira and Liverpool to them—I felt rather surprised at persons like then having these bills, and asked how they came by them—they said they had picked them up—they asked me what they had better do with them—I said to return them to the owner would be the best thing they could do with them, they would be of more use to him than to them—I then left them, and left the bills—they gave me nothing for my trouble, no further than asking me to have something to drink, which I had.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long were you altogether at the house? A. About ten minutes—I did not put any mark on the bill, or make any memorandum of it—in the course of that ten minutes I read four bills—I had seen Clarke before at Packer's—I was not in the habit of using Packer's house—I have been there several times—I suppose I might have been there twenty or thirty times in the course of about eighteen months—I was there about once a-week in that time—I do not call that being in the habit of using the house—I knew Packer by his attending there, nothing more.

Q. What makes you recollect this being six weeks to-morrow? A. I had been out on business, and I returned from business—it was my own business—I had been round with my goods—I do not keep any shop to

expose goods—in my line of business they are not exposed—I deal with many people round the City, with any one that will give me a price for my goods—I deal with Pawsons, of St. Paul's Church-yard—the last time I dealt with them was about eight weeks ago—I was out on my business when Davis first came to me.

Q. I suppose nobody has ever been ill-natured enough to accuse you of any thing dishonest? A. I have never been in any thing of the kind, nor was I ever accused of any thing dishonest in any way—I never lived with a floor-cloth manufacturer in Whitechapel—that I swear—I will take my oath I never worked in a floor-cloth manufactory of any description, either in Whitechapel or the neighbourhood—my wife and I never slept in the house of any manufacturer in Whitechapel—I never was accused of robbing a person in Whitechapel, in whose house I slept—I never slept there—I was never accused of robbing a person in Whitechapel or the neighbourhood—I have been to Greenwich several times to see my father, who is there—I was never accused of any robbery at Greenwich, and know nothing of any thing of the kind—I have never said I thought there was a reward offered for me and my companions for a robbery at Greenwich—I never said I was in a robbery at Greenwich—I have never been in any prison in my life, nor was I ever taken before a Magistrate.

Q. Have you never said you had to cross the water after this robbery at Greenwich, and that you were so closely pursued you had to throw a good deal of the property away? A. No, I never said so—I never said I was closely pursued by the officers, that I stole a considerable sum of money, and in getting away I had to throw part of it away, nor any thing of the kind.

Q. Have you always been working for yourself, were you never employed by any body? A. Up to the last twelve months I was employed as foreman to Mr. Hory, a manufacturer in Spitalfields—Mr. Hory did not discharge me on a charge of robbery, and say he would not prosecute me because of my wife and family—I left on account of an unmanly attempt which be made to reduce my wages, at the time my wife was lying dead—I resented it, as I consider it the duty of a man to do, and I left him the following week without being discharged—nothing was said about my having robbed him, that I swear positively—he knew my wife was lying dead at the time—I had been with him three years and a half—I was the first with him in establishing his factory, and I left him the last—I never had an angry word with him before.

Willes's Defence. On the 10th of February, Cunningham brought there bills of exchange, and I went with him to Mr. Cobet; he said he either wanted to borrow some money on them, or have them discounted. Mr. Cobet and he had some conversation, what it was I do not know, respecting them; I had nothing more to do with the bills, and heard nothing more about them for several days, till I was informed by Mr. Packer, the landlord of the public-house where I met them, that they were put into his tap-room fire, and burnt. Some few days after, that 52l. bill was brought to me, and I mentioned it to Fletcher; I heard nothing of it for several days till I found it was in Mr. Wood's hands, who had it for the purpose of discounting or returning it; that is the whole of the knowledge I had either of the bills or these parties; I never saw them before to my knowledge in my life, and I should not have seen them had I not been

applied to to inform them who would lend money on these bills. I have lived for forty years in the city of London, and borne a good character, and my family before me for sixty years, in the neighbourhood of Londonwall; this is the first time I was ever in difficulty. I was not aware I was offending against the law, in saying such and such parties discount billls or lend money on them; I was not aware I was guilty of any crime in taking them to those parties—they did not tell me how they came by the bills it is not likely they would inform me—I heard no more of it till Mr. Wood was in custody; I was then given in charge, and taken to the station in Tower-street. Mr. Wood there recollected himself, that he did not receive the bill from me; I reminded him of the parties he did receive it of; and Inspector Waller, when I mentioned that, told me if I found the parties, they only wanted the parties who committed the burglary; that I should be taken care of. I was to meet these men on the Sunday night, between ten and eleven o'clock; this was on Saturday. I met them at twelve, two men named Pratt and Patteson, and on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, I met them, till the parties were all in custody; and I believe Mr. Waller will prove, that as far as I was capable, I gave every information, after finding the bills were come by wrongly; on Thursday night I was taken into custody after having relieved Mr. Waller from all difficulty in finding the parties; as far as my information went, I acted as straightforward as any man could act under the circumstances. I had no bills or part of a Bank-note. I believe Packer went with Cunningham to the Bank to get it changed; he gave it to Lloyd, and Lloyd gave it to Fletcher to take to a Jew to get money or clothes, or what they could get for it. I advised Mr. Wood to have nothing to do with the bill, and so did Baker, so they tell me, and Wood was requested to give the bills back to the parties, that there might be an end of it. I have told you the whole truth, and the whole connexion I had with the parties; it is the first I ever had, and I will take care it shall be the last. I only acted in the capacity of an agent between them. Lloyd had all his things distrained on, and as bed to sleep in, and was greatly in want of money, or I should not have exerted myself in the matter. I leave it entirely to the consideration of the Jury whether I am guilty, in going with these two parties to borrow money on the bills, for I had nothing further to do with it.





ZACHARIAH PICKARD

re-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. I have known Cunningham for twenty-five years—when I knew him last he was living in Long-alley—that was about a fortnight ago—his character has been that of a steady, industrious young man—for the last four years I have known his character well—three years of that time he was employed under me at Mr. Hory's, in Wilks-street, Spitalfields, and so remarkably steady and attentive to his employ was he that he gained the affection of every one in the factory, and he saved a good bit of money there, which he deposited in the Savings' Bank every week—that I know—since his employer's death he has worked occasionally for me, but I not being capable of employing him altogether, he fell back upon the little money he had saved.

COURT. Q. Did you ever know him in the bill line? A. I never knew anything of that.





CHARLES PACKER

re-examined. I have known Lloyd three years—he was always a hard-working, industrious young man, as far as I knew, and a regular customer at my house—he lived in Rose and Crown-court—I have also known Cunningham about three years, and always knew him to

be a hard-working, industrious young man—he used to dine at my house pretty well every day—he got his bread by his industry.

COURT. Q. Was it at your house that he became acquainted with Saint, Clark, and Davis? A. Not that I am aware of—I do not know where he became acquainted with them—he had the opportunity of becoming acquainted with them at my house—they did not use my house so often as Lloyd did—I do not know where Saint, Clark, and Davis lived—it was respecting their dinner that Lloyd spoke to me about the 5l. note.
(Francis Cadman, clerk to Mr. Richardson, solicitor, also deposed to I Lloyd's good character; John Herbert Briggs, toy-manufacturer, No. 33, Greenhill's-rents, Smithfield-bars; and William Price, licensed victualler, No. 9, Webber-row, to that of Cunningham; and Henry Fowlser, vellumbinder, No. 77, London-wall, to that of Willes.)

SAINT—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.

CLARK*—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.

DAVIS*—


GUILTY
. Aged 33.





Transported for Fifteen Years.

WILLES, LLOYD, AND CUNNINGHAM.—


NOT GUILTY
.
