



1261. 




ANN CHAPMAN
, was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of April, 1 purse, value 1d.; 2 half-crowns, and 3 shillings; the property of 



Charles Casey, from his person; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






CHARLES CASEY
. I am a wagoner, living at Windsor. About one o'clock in the night of the 3rd of April, I was in Fleet-street with a friend—I overtook two women—they asked if we were going to stand anything to drink—we went and had a glass of ale a-piece, and they had a quartern of rum—we came on towards Farringdon-street—then my friend left me, and went home—the prisoner and I stood talking a few minutes, and I felt my jacket go

against my side—I had my purse in my jacket-pocket, containing two half-crowns—I found the two half-crown in the prisoner's hand, which had been in my jacket-pocket—I did not find any shillings—I gave her in charge—this is my purse—I never let the prisoner go out of my sight.

Prisoner. You did not find the purse where we were standing. Witness. I did not find it at all.





HENRY BAILEY
 (City police constable 349.) I was on duty about one o'clock. The prosecutor had hold of the prisoner's arm, and gave her in charge for stealing this purse, containing two half-crowns—I took her to the station—the prosecutor had the half-crowns in his hand—he described where he had lost the purse, and I went there about five in the morning, and found the purse in the road near where he had described—there were no shillings found—the prisoner said at the station that the money belonged to her.

Prisoner. The two half-crowns were my own. I had them about eight in the evening; he said he had lost his friend and lost his money; he took them out of my hand; it was in a court half way up Fleet-street; he said he had lost 3s. more; I never had them or saw them; they state the purse was found in Farringdon-street. Witness. I found it at the corner of Farringdon-street; the prosecutor was quite sober; he said he lost it at the corner of Farringdon-street; they had got but a short distance up Fleet-street when I took her.





CHARLES CASEY

re-examined. I was in Fleet-street, but close against Farringdon-street with her, about a minute's walk from it—we were going towards Farrigdon-street—she tried to get back, but did not get above two steps, and there I saw the policeman.

Prisoner's Defence. I was half up Fleet-street, just by Wine Office-court.





HENRY SLATER
 (City police-constable 519.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office (read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.

