



1327. 




JOHN WILLIAMS
 was indicted

for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Robert Garrard and others, at 
St. Martin's-in-the-fields, and stealing therein 25 spoons, value 16l., their property.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN HINE
. I live in Little Wild-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields, and am employed as a private watchman. On the Friday afternoon, the 5th of June, I was opposite to the National Gallery, in Trafalgar-square, and saw the prisoner and two other persons—in consequence of what I observed I followed them to Panton-street, Haymarket—they all three stopped at Messrs. Garrard's, a silversmith's shop—I went into Mr. Brumby's, a bookseller's shop, and asked him to allow me to watch from his window what was going on—while I was looking out of the window, the prisoner came up to the prosecutor's window first—another came up close to him—one of them waited at the corner of Panton-street—I saw the prisoner run something along the glass—I did not see anything in his hand—after that the other held a handkerchief in front, where he had been drawing along the glass—a gentleman's servant came out of the shop—on that the prisoner and his companion walked away—I could not see whether they abstracted anything—I suffered them to go because I thought it had not been perfected, and that they would come back—the gentleman's servant pointed to the glass—I went out of the shop, and found the prisoner in a watering-place, in a court in the Haymarket—I had called the attention of the bookseller to what I saw—I called a policeman, and told him to take the prisoner to the silversmith's shop, on suspicion of felony—he did so—I do not know what became of the other two—I never saw them except at the corner of the street—I lost sight of the prisoner, but not for a minute—I am positive he is the same man—I found the glass had been out—I bad seen it perfect before they came to the window.


Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where are you watchman? A. At St. Giles's workhouse—the road in Panton-street is about twelve yards wide—Messrs. Garrard's window is twelve or fourteen yards, I should think, from the bookseller's window—there was glass in the bookseller's window, and books on the shelves—I got close to the window, and leaned over the books—the gentleman's servant pointed to the window—I did not go to him, because I should have lost the prisoner—I was not looking out for a job—I was out for a walk—I do not watch in the day time—I did not know the prisoner or the others before.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was there space enough between the books for you to see through the window? A. Yes.





JOHN BRUMBY
. I keep a bookseller's shop at the corner of Panton-street, opposite Mr. Garrard's—On Friday, the 5th of June, Hind asked me to allow him to come into my shop, and called my attention to what he saw—I saw the prisoner at Mr. Garrard's window, and a slim young man with him, who placed a red handkerchief at the corner of a square of glass-the prisoner immediately placed his hand under the handkerchief—I observed a motion of his hand, as if he used a screw-driver or gimlet—a livery servant came out of the shop, and the prisoner and his companion retired from the window for a few minutes, up to the Haymarket-they returned and made a second attack on the property of Mr. Garrard—I went out, and on my return home the prisoner was in custody—I have not a shadow of a doubt touching his identity.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen him before? A. Certainly not—there are four shelves in my window, wi'h books of all sizes upon them—there was a distance of a few inches between the shelves.





ROBERT ROWE
. I am in the service of Messrs. Garrard. On Friday, the 5th of June, at half-past one o'clock, the shop window was all safe, and the spoons were in the window—it is my business to stand on that side of the shop where the window is—I discovered the flaw in the glass about four o'clock—Mr. Garrard's attention had then been called to it—I missed twenty-five apostle spoons—we have uot recovered them—they bad been placed at the corner of the window, close to the spot where the piece was gone.

Cross-examined. Q. How were they lying? A. All of a heap together—I should say you might lift them without making much noise—they were not in paper.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. It would depend upon the expertness with which it was done, whether there was any noise? A. Yes-they were not in a glass-case independent of the window—there was a sliding sash on the shop side—I was not in the shop at two o'clock.





ROBERT GARRARD
. I am senior partner in the firm of Garrard and Co., of Panton-street, Haymarket. On Friday afternoon, the 5th of June, about three o'clock, I received information, went outside the shop, and perceived a piece had been taken from the window, and missed twenty-five spoons, value 16l.—persons sleep in my house—it is in the parish of St. Martin's-in-the-fields.




GUILTY
. *† Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.

