




402. 



WILLIAM SYER
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Edward Stephen Jackson, about four in the night of the 
3rd of Jan., with intent to steal, and that he had been before convicted of felony.






EDWARD JACKSON
. I live at 6, Lower Charles-st., Clerkenwell—it is the dwelling-house of my father, Edward Stephen Jackson. About one o'clock in the morning of the 3rd of Jan., I rEturned home and shut the door after me—the lock catches so as to be secure when I draw it to—the front parlour door was shut when I came in—I slept in the back parlour—I shut that door—between four and five o'clock in the morning I heard a voice calling out, "Thieves," and a noise as if a person was running down stairs and stumbling—I rushed out of bed, and secured the prisoner in the corner of the passage—I found my bed-room door open—it was moonlight—a knock cane to the door—I opened it—the constable was on the step, and I gave him in charge—I found the front parlour door open, and saw that somebody had been sick, and the rim of the prisoner's hat was covered with the same—I was the last person up that night.





WILLIAM JACKSON
. I am brother of the last witness, and live at my father's. I slept in the second floor back room—I shut my room door when I went to bed—it is fastened by a common catch—between four and five o'clock in the morning I heard the door open—I coughed, and on that heard a person walk down stairs, remain there for a moment or two, and then come up again a little way—I jumped out of bed, cried out "Thieves," and slammed the door violently—in about two minutes I went down stairs, and found my brother had hold of the prisoner.





BARNABAS BRIGHTY
 (police-constable G 160.) Between four and five o'clock in the morning, of the 3rd of Jan., I was passing Mr. Jackson's door, and heard a cry of "Thieves"—on the door being opened I received the prisoner in charge from the witness—he said nothing—he appeared to have been drinking, but was not drunk—I found a flash note on him—I asked how he got into the house—he said he did not know.

Prisoner's Defence, I am charged with breaking and entering the dwelling-house, whereas nothing was broken; if I had gone there with any intention of committing a burglary I should certainly not have lost all my recollection; I must have been in the place for hours; I know not how I got there; I had been drinking overnight till nearly twelve o'clock, and after that I forget everything that did happen.





MARTIN KEEN
 (police-constable S 194.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person there described—( read.)

Prisoner. Q. Was I not intoxicated when you took me? A. You had been drinking, but were not drunk—you were violent to me and the prosecutor.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Ten Year.

