



1125.




EDWARD MINCHAM
 was indicted 

for stealing, on the 
22nd of March, at 
St. Pancras, 1 toast-rack, value 7s.; 1 cream-ewer, value 12s.; 1 box, value 14s.; 1 cloak, value 10s.; 4 spoons, value 1l. 8s.; 1 pencil-case, value 4s.; 1 fruit-knife, value 10s.; 2 necklaces, value 16s.; 1 scent-box, value 15s.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; and 2 rings, value 1l.; the goods of 



Joseph Richardson: 1 scarf, value 15s.; 2 gowns, value 15s.; 2 shawls, value 10s.; 14 1/2 yards of silk, value 1l. 13s.; 6 1/2 yards of merino, value 1l.; 1 buckle, value 3s. 6d.; the goods of 



Mary Richardson: 1 gown, value 1l. 10s.; 1 scarf, value 7s.; 1 handkerchief value 2s.,; 31 1/2 yards of silk, value 3l. 5s.; 5 1/2 yards of merino, value 1l. 1s.; 9 1/2 yards of mouseline-de-laine, value 7s. 6d.; 30 yards of ribbon, value 17s. 6d.; the goods of 



Hannah Richardson: 3 sheets, value 18s.; and 1 towel, value 2s.; the goods of 



Hannah Richardson and another, in the dwelling-house of 



Joseph Dawson.







JOSEPH RICHARDSON
. I lodged in Summers-place, near St. Pancras church, in that parish, with Joseph Dowson—my sisters lodge with me—I occupy the first-floor and the two attics. On Monday night, the 22nd of March, at half-past eleven o'clock, I found my lodgings had been robbed—the drawers and boxes in the up-stair rooms were broken open, a variety of property strewed about the room, and many things gone—I went to the police-office that night, and found the greater part of my property there.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are there other lodgen besides you? A. No—Dowson lives in the house—it is his dwelling-house.





JOHN DIXON
. I am a policeman. On Monday night, the 22nd of March, about nine o'clock, I was in Haddon-place, about a quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's, and saw two persons coming along, with three bundles—I went up to the prisoner, who was one of them—he had one or two bundles, I do not know which—I asked him what he had got there, he said he did not know—I asked where he brought it from—he said, the New-road—I asked him where—he said a man said be would give him 1s. to carry it—I suspected him, and laid hold of his collar, but he wrenched away from me—I had hold of his bundle—he ran away and I after him, crying, "Stop-thief"—he was stopped at the corner of Haddon-place—I took him into custody, and took him down to No. 10, Haddon-place, opposite which I had stopped him at first, and there I saw the other two bundles which were dropped—the other man had escaped—I ordered Game to take them up, and bring them with me to the station—I afterwards asked the prisoner who the person was that promised him 1s.—he said, "Yon saw the person," meaning the person who was with him.





JAMES TAYLOR
. I was coming down Edmund-street, on the 22nd of March, and heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I saw a policeman coming up Spencer-court, and a man ran along, and said, "For God's sake don't stop me"—the policeman said, "Follow him," which I did—he chucked something from his side—I took it up—it was skeleton keys—he was secured when I got up to him—it was the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. You saw two men, did you not? A. No—I am quite sure I saw the keys come from the prisoner's person—I did not see the other bundles thrown from him.





JAMES ALLEN
. I was coming down Edmund-street, and heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I saw the policeman running along without his hat, and I saw the prisoner—the policeman said, "Stop him"—I ran after him, stopped him, and held him till the policeman came.





JOHN GAME
. I was in Haddon-place about nine o'clock on Monday night, the 22nd of March—I heard a cry of "Stop thief," went to the policeman's assistance, and picked up two bundles by the door of No. 10—I

took them to the station—Dixon came up directly I picked them up.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you hear the prisoner say he was asked to carry the things? A. Yes.





JOHN DIXON

re-examined. I went next morning to Mr. Richardson's lodging with the skeleton-keys, I tried several of them, hot could not open the door—I tried at No. 21, in the same place, which is an empty house, and one key opened the door—I think an active man might get from the attic of that house to the prosecutor's, which is three doors off—I produce the articles I found.

Cross-examined. Q. How was a man to get to the attic of the prosecutor's house? A. He might walk along the parapet, or he might walk in the gutters—he would have a very little bit of a wall to climb over—it might be done by one man, as well as more.





MARY RICHARDSON
. I was at home on the evening in question, and think I had seen the property safe about seven o'clock—it was in the attics—I had been in the first floor room the greater part of the evening—I was out part of the time—I discovered the robbery about half-past eleven—I suppose the house had been broken open, but did not discover any marks of it—there were marks by which they appeared to have come in at the back attic—part of these things are mine, and part my sister's.





JOSEPH RICHARDSON

re-examined. Here are several things belonging to me.
(William Stevens, publican, Smithfield; George Curry, potato-dealer, Brook-street, Holborn; Thomas Griffiths, inn-keeper, Gray's Inn-road; and—Robinson, eating-house-keeper, Compton-street, Brunswick-square, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
