





59. 




JOHN HUGHES
 and 




WILLIAM DAVIS



, robbery on 



James Horton, and stealing 2 blankets and 3 yards of linen bedtick, value 14s. 9d.; the goods of 



Samuel Horton; to which


HUGHES pleaded 


GUILTY
. † Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.






JAMES HORTON
. I live at Belgrave-cottage, Whittaker-street, with my father, Samuel Horton. On the evening of the 16th Nov. I was going along Cadogan-place; I saw the two prisoners—I am sure they are the persons—I had never seen them before—they came up to me—Hughes snatched a brown-paper parcel out of my arm, and ran—he said nothing—I pursued him, and Davis knocked me down with his fist against the railing—I got up again, and began to run after Hughes, and found him caught by Tiller—this is the bundle that I was carrying (produced)—it is my father's property.





JAMES HUNTER TUCK
. I am a florist, in Cadogan-place. On this night, about half-past six o'clock, I heard a cry of "Stop thief!" and saw Hughes running with a brown-paper parcel under his arm, calling "Stop thief!"—I followed, and asked him which way the thief was gone—he said, "On forward"—I saw Hughes run into the policeman's arms—he threw the bundle down at his feet, and said he had never seen it.





EDWARD TILLER
 (policeman, B 55). I was on duty in Cadogan-place on the 16th—I heard "Stop thief!" cried, and saw Hughes some distance before he got up to me, with a parcel under his left arm, and when I stopped him he dropped it.





HENRY HILL
 (policeman, B 176). In consequence of information, I apprehended Davis on the following morning, and took him to the station—I fetched Horton—he picked him out, and identified him.

Davis. Directly he came into the station-house he said to the boy, "Don't you think that is the one?" pointing to me, and the boy said, "I think it is."Witness. Horton looked at Davis first, and said, "I think this is him"—he then looked at two others, and said, "Yes, I know it is him by bis face"—I had a description of him—three of them and a female came down to the station to inquire for Hughes, and I brought them all into the station into a private room, and then fetched Horton, and told him to go in and see if either of them were the party.

DAVIS—


GUILTY
. † Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Justice Coltman.
