



1796. 




THOMAS GAVELLE
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Robert Smith, about one in the night of the 
21st of July, at 

St. Pancras, with intent to steal; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ELLEN STILL.
 I am servant to Mr. Roberts Smith, of Percy-street, Rathbone-place—it is his dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. Pancras. On the 22nd of July, about a quarter to one o'clock in the morning, I was in bed asleep in the front kitchen—I was awoke by the noise of the window lifting up—I heard it the second time and got out of bed, rung the bell for my master, went up stairs, and gave an alarm—I called two constables, who came to the door—I let them in and found the prisoner in custody—before I went to bed the night before, I had left the house all fastened, except the window that he got in at, that window was quite down, and the shutters were closed—I did not see it lifted up—I saw it open afterwards—there was a light there.





WILLIAM WESTLAKE
 (policeman E 102.) On the 22nd of July, about half-past one in the morning, I was called to Mr. Smith's house with another constable—I found the prisoner concealed behind the door of the press-bedstead in which the servant was sleeping—I asked what he did there—he said he came in to have a sleep—I asked if he lived there—he said he did not—I took him to the station-house, and found on him a key and some lucifer matches—the key opened the door of the house—I saw the kitchen window about a foot and a half open—I have some things here which have since been found by the servant.

Prisoner's Defence. I had no where to go that night; I had been there two or three nights in the area, and when I got down this night I saw the shutters ajar, and the window a little way open, I lifted it up; I did not know anybody was there; I went in, and in about twenty minutes after the policeman came; the key found on me was the key of my mother's door.





WILLIAM POCOCK
 (policeman F 14.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Confined June, 1846, and confined two months)—I was present at the trail—he is the person.




GUILTY. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Justice Erle.

