




1631. 




HENRY BRADFORD
 was indicted for

 stealing 1 purse, value 6d.; 1 half-sovereign, and 2 sixpences; the goods of 




Jane Coppinger O'Donovan, from her person; and 




MARY ANN BRADFORD



 for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen.






JANE COPPINGER O'DONOVAN.
 I live at No. 8, Adam-street West. On the 30th of June, about eight o'clock, I was coming along a street leading from Portman-square with a lady—I felt a tustle at my pocket—I turned round, and caught Henry Bradford's hand at my pocket—I said, "You have been robbing me, or taken something"—I felt for my purse—it was gone—I caught his hand—I did not see my purse in it—it was gone—he declared solemnly he had not taken it—he pulled his hand from me and ran—I caught

him again by the arm—a soldier came to my assistance—I had not much of a struggle—a crowd assembled directly—Mary Ann Bradford came up after I had had some contention with Henry Bradford—she said he was her husband—we went to the police-station—my purse was yellow an brown—it had in it a half-sovereign, two silver penny-pieces, two sixpences, and there might be more in it.

Henry Bradford. Q. You took my hand; I had nothing in it. A. I did not see anything; I saw your two hands open.

COURT.
Q. Was it possible for him to have put your purse away between the time of his taking it from you and your seizing his hand? A. I thought he had, but now, on more mature reflection, I am sure he had not I have since been very unhappy, the culprit himself could not have felt more than I have done.





GEORGE CUTLER.
 I am a private in the Scotch Fusileer Guards—on Wednesday evening, the 30th of June, I was coming down Wigmore-street—I had a female on my arm—I saw the prosecutrix and another lady in front of me—Henry Bradford stepped forward to them—he walked about three yards by the side of the prosecutrix—he put his left hand into her pocket on the right side, and took a brown article out and put it in his left hand coat pocket—the prosecutrix caught his hand—he made a spring from her, and made a start across the street—she caught him again—he slipped his coat of the sleeves caught his hand, and the coat hung on his back—Mary Ann Bradford stepped up to him, took the same article from his coat pocket that he had put in, and passed it to some man who came round her—that was the last I saw of the article—I could not say whether it was striped—it appeared brown.

Henry Bradford. She walked to the station with me, and said she would not leave me, because I was innocent; he said nothing till the next morning.

Witness. I mentioned it at the station-house that night, and that was the reason why she was confined.

Mary Ann Bradford to MRS. O'DONOVAN.
Q. Did not the soldier ask you the colour of your purse? A. To the best of my knowledge he said it was brown, that he saw something brown pass—I am not certain whether he asked the colour, or whether I told it first.





NATHANIEL BUSHELL
 (police-constable D 220.) About eight o'clock that evening I came up and found Cutler holding Henry Bradford by the collar—the prosecutrix gave him in charge, and I took him to the station—he said we had made a mistake, he was innocent—Mary Ann Bradford had hold of his arm.

Henry Bradford's Defence. I am perfectly innocent; the soldier did not come up for two or three minutes; this female would not go away; she knew I was not guilty, and when she got to the station she was charged.

HENRY BRADFORD†*—


GUILTY. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.


MARY ANN BRADFORD—


GUILTY  Aged 19.




Judgment respited.
—.

