




1124. 




HENRY NICKS



, stealing 1 watch, 1 key, and 1 box, value 21l.; the goods of 




Henry Wilson; in his dwelling-house.


MR. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY ANN WILSON.
 I am the wife of Henry Wilson, who keeps the Collett Arms, White Horse-street, Limehouse. On 22nd, March, between twelve and one o'clock, I had a gold watch on the mantel-piece, in my bedroom, on the first floor—between three and four, Mr. Jackson, a customer, who I had known some time, and the prisoner, came into the house, and went up stairs into the long-room, which is on the left of my bedroom—after they were gone, about six o'clock, I went up and missed the watch—it was in a case, and had a key attached to it—this is it (produced)—it is worth twenty guineas—I should think this (produced) is the key—it is very similar, and winds the watch up.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE.
Q. How do you know the watch? A. It was made for me, and I have handled it daily since 1847—Henry Lads, who is here, is the marker—I had seen the name on it before I lost it, and the number is 1487—I had noticed that many times.





HENRY LADS.
 I am a watchmaker, at 65, Murray-street, Hoxton—I made this watch, "No. 1487, Henry Lads," for Mr. Wilson—I always number them—those is also "Mary Ann Wilson" inside it, spelt with only one "l."






JOHN JACKSON.
 I live at Clark-street, Stepney. On 22nd March I accompanied the prisoner to the Collett Arms—I asked if he had seen the longroom up stairs—he said he should like to see it, he had heard it spoken of—with Mrs. Wilson's permission we went up, I in advance—I had been up there about a minute, looking at some picture of friends of mine, which huge there—I thought he was behind me, but on turning round I missed him—I called out, "Nicks, where are you?"—he said, "Here I am, I am coming"—his voice appeared to come from close at hand, in a direction of the bedroom door—he had not then been in the long-room—I went out to the landing, and the bedroom door being partly open, I saw him walk round at the foot of the bed, and he met me in the passage—he came from the room—I said, "Nicks, it is very odd of you; what business had you in that room?" or words to that effect—he said, "I only went to look at it"—I said, "You had no business there, I only brought you to look at this room"—we went into the room, which is a club-room, looked round it, came down again, and we parted.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you known him? A. Several years—he was a publican on Clerkenwell-green—the last house I knew him in was the Cricketers, at Ratcliffe-cross—after that he was in a beer-shop, in Union-street, Bishopsgate—I have nothing to say against his character—I know his mother very well; she is a retired victualler, and a woman of considerable property, I believe—I have seen the prisoner drunk occasionally—he had not been drinking to excess this day that I am aware of—I had been with him from eleven o'clock—he had been drinking—I think he had some gin and water, and afterwards some brandy and water—we had half-and-half at the Collett Arms—during the five years I have known him I know nothing detrimental to his character.





EDWARD STOVE.
 I manage the business of Mr. Grant, a pawnbroker, at London-wall—this watch was pledged by the prisoner, on 25th March, for 7l.—I asked him whether it was his own property—he said it was, that his

name was Henry Lads, and it was in the inside of the watch—I looked and found it there—I am positive he is the person.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen him before? A. No—I recollect him by asking him those question—I should have asked them of anybody who brought the watch—I did not see anything remarkable about him.





WILLIAM DAVISON DAY
 (policeman, K 74.) I took the prisoner into custody, and told him he was charged with stealing a gold watch from Mr. Wilson's bedroom, at the public-house at the corner of Stepney-churoh-yard—he said, "Very well, I will go with you, Mr. Jackson will explain all that"—I searched him, and found this watch-key, and 7s. 4d.—I found no duplicate.





WILLIAM SPEARY
 (policeman, K 343.) About three o'clock, on the morning of the 24th, I met the prisoner in Raven-street, Whitechapel—he was talking to himself—I asked him what was the matter—he said, "I have been knocked down and kicked by a man; he wanted to get my watch, but it was in my boot"—he put his hand into his boot, and pulled out a gold watch, similar to this one—I did not take much notice of it—I only saw it in his hand—I was close to it, and under a lamp—I told him to put it into his pocket, and take care of it.

Cross-examined. Q. What state was he in? A. He appeared to have been drinking—I have seen him before, but not very often in that state.
(James Leman, publican, of Charles-street, Stepney; Mr. Jones, cowkeeper; Mr. Hincksman, plumber; Mr. May, victualler; and Mr. Hadley, a smith; all gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 30.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor—


Transported for Seven Years.

