




107. 




CAROLINE MATTINGLEY
 and 




ELIZA CLEVELAND
 were indicted for

 stealing 5 forks, value 2l. 10s.; 19 spoons, 11l. 10s.; 3 saltcellars, 5l.; 2 fish knives, 2l.; 2 knife rests, 10s.; 3 snuff boxes, 3l.; 2 quilts, 15s.; 2 table cloths, 5s.; 3 table napkins, 6s.; and 1 scarf, 1l. 6s.; the goods of 




Richard Lindley, the master of Mattingley.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN HEAVISIDE LINDLEY
. I am the son of Mr. Robert Lindley, musician, Percy-street, Bedford-square—Mattingley was in his service about twelve months—I know Cleveland by her coming to our house by the name of Cooper—she used to come very frequently while Mattingley was in our employ—Mattingley had the care of the keys of the plate-chest, in consequence of the ill health of my sister, and had access to the plate we afterwards missed—Cleveland was in the house in July—in consequence of a communication from my father, on the 19th of Oct., I spoke to Mattingley, in presence of my sister—I afterwards made a further communication to her, about telling me all about it—I examined my father's bureau on the 19th of Oct., and the plate-chest—I missed all the plate, except a silver cream-jug and one other article—amongst it were some forks, spoons, and salt cellars, a fish-knife, two knife rests, and three snuff boxes—I knew nothing about the plate till my attention was called to it, and then I found it was gone.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. I believe the greatest confidence was placed in Mattingley? A. Yes—she has been left in charge of the house and plate, and everything has been found right on the return of the family—there might have been things missed and re-placed again.





JOHN HUGHES
, shopman to Mr. Dobree, pawnbroker, Charlotte-street.—I produce two table, forks, pawned on the 29th of July, in the name of Mary Ward, No. 10, Steven-street; likewise two table spoons, on the 31st of July, for 12s., in the name of Mary Ward—I know Mattingley by light—I have seen her in our shop—she has pledged a cruet-frame—I cannot say whether she is the person who pawned these things, nor whether the same person pledged them on both occasions.

Cross-examined. Q. The cruet-frame was redeemed shortly after she pledged it? A. Yes—it is three or four months since it was pledged.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Have you any doubt she was the person who pledged the cruet-frame? A. Not at all.





PETER ALLEN
, shopman to Mr. Franklin, Tottenham-court-road.—I produce one table-spoon and one gravy-spoon, pledged on the 19th of Sept., two dessert spoons on the 22nd, one fork and two salt spoons on the 21st, all

pawned by Cleveland in the name of Ann Ward—I am sure she is the person—there has been something on the forks which has been erased.





JAMES GOLDER
, shopman to Mr. Franklin, of Tottenham Court-road. I produce three silver salt-cellars, pawned by Cleveland, on the 19th of Aug., for 1l. 15s., in the name of Emma Lambert; three table-spoons, pledged by Cleveland, on the 24th of Aug. and the 17th of Oct.; two dessert forks, on the 30th of Aug., by Cleveland, in the name of Ward, Steven-street; and a fish-knife, by her, on the 27th of Sept., in the name of Ward—I asked her how she came by them—she said they were left her by her friends.





ROBERT WATKINS
, shopman to Mr. Attenborough, Charlotte-street.—I produce a table-spoon, pawned on the 16th of Aug., for 5s., in the name of Ward; two dessert forks, on the 28th of Aug., in the name of Ward; and two dessert spoons, for 6s., in the name of Ann Cleveland—I have seen both prisoners in the shop—I do not recollect whether either of them pledged these articles—both of them have pledged plate at our house—I have not seen them there together, to my recollection—they said they were their own property.

Cross-examined. Q. Was a candlestick pledged with you, and redeemed? A. Yes, and pledged again.





MARY MORTIMER LINDLEY
. I am the prosecutor's daughter. This plate it my father's, and was in his possession at the time the plate was in Mattingley's care—I do not think any person could have removed it without her knowledge—she had the key—the plate had been removed by opening the box with the key, and in the ordinary manner—these articles were not in daily use—my father was out of town, and I was too ill to tee any one—I have missed wearing apparel and sheets, which have not been traced.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know that Cleveland was in the habit of going about the house? A. Yes.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Was she intimate with Mattingley? A. Yes—she came to visit her—her visits were tolerated by me.





GEORGE JOHN RESTIEAUX
 (police-constable E 49.) I took Mattingley into custody—I had warned her to attend at the office, and she did not—I left Cleveland in custody, and went after Mattingley, and she said, "I have confessed"—I said, "Hold your tongue, what you say to me will, in all probability, be used against you"—she said, "I am guilty, I pledged some of the things, but had nothing to do with, the money, and never derived a farthing's benefit from it"—Cleveland said she had not pawned any of the plate, and the young man who had identified her, meaning Peter Allen, must be mistaken—both prisoners made a statement on the first examination—this is Mr. Long's handwriting to the statement, and also the signature to the depositions—(read)—"On the first examination, Mattingley says, 'I don't care what you do with me.' Cleveland says, 'I have taken nothing clandestinely from any one.'—On the second examination, Mattingley says, 'I am innocent of the money; that is all I have to say.' Cleveland says, 'I have nothing to say more than I did before.'"

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know that money had been lost some time before? A. Yes, and Mr. Lindley could not appear.





JOHN HEAVISIDE LINDLEY

re-examined. We have lost about 60l. altogether in money.

Cross-examined. Q. Did your father send you up stairs, and you find the bureau open? A. Yes—I missed the money after that—a 10l. note was lost out of the bureau, and on the Thursday the plate was missed.

Cleveland's Defence. I pledged part of it; it was given me by Mattingley, but I never received a halfpenny of the money; she said, "No harm will come of it, I have a friend who will lend me some money;" the gentleman did

not ask me if they were left by a relative; I said they were ray own; she told me what name to pawn them in—there have been other persons in the house.

Mattingley. I gave her the property, and she brought me the money.
(Mary Ann Harley, Exmouth-street; Elizabeth Buckland; Joseph Warren, shoemaker, Kirby-atreet, Euston-square; and Sarah Woollett, of Crown-street, gave Mattingley a good character.)

MATTINGLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.

CLEVELAND—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.





Transported for Seven Years.

