




22. 




ELIZABETH HOMAN
 and 




MARY ANN HUGHES



, feloniously uttering counterfeit coin, after a previous conviction.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
COCKLE
conducted the Prosecution,





JOHN TUFF
. I am superintendent of the police at Rochester. I was at the Quarter Sessions there, in Oct., 1848, when two women were tried—I produce a copy of the record of their conviction, which I got from the office of the Clerk of the Peace for the city of Rochester—I compared it with the original—it is an accurate copy—I was present at the trial, the prisoners are the persons mentioned in the record—(read—Convicted with a man named Horwood; Hughes confined six months, Homan confined twelve months).





HENRY HUGHES
. I am a broker and cabinet-maker, in Queen-street, Dunston-road, Kingsland-road. On Tuesday, 30th Oct., about two o'clock in the afternoon, I was standing at my own gate, and saw the two prisoners alongside the Regent's-canal, talking to a man—in a very short time the man went one way and the prisoners the other—I followed them—I saw Homan go into the Two Beehives, leaving Hughes on the opposite side of the way—I went in after Homan, and saw her drinking some spruce—she put a shilling on the counter, to pay for it—the barmaid gave her 10d. in change, and put the shilling into the till—the prisoner then left the house—just as she went outside the door I asked Miss Farebrother, the barmaid, to look at her money—she did so, and found it was bad—she gave it to me, and I followed Homan—Hughes followed, and joined her, and they went on together into the Kingsland-road until Homan went into a linen-draper's shop at the corner of the Downham-road—Hughes was then on the opposite side of the way—Homan remained in the shop about ten minutes—I then went in, and made some inquiry, in consequeuce of which I again followed Homan—she joined Hughes again, and I followed them again—altogether I

dare say I followed them near half an hour—they remained that time in company together—I saw Homan go into a doctor's shop, leaving Hughes on the opposite side of the way—I dare say Homan stayed in the doctor's shop a quarter of an hour—when she came out she joined Hughes again—I then saw Parsons, a policeman—they went a little further on, and Homan went into a linen-draper's shop, Hughes staying outside—she did not stay there a very great while—I saw her come out—she passed Hughes, and walked on a long way before her—I and the policeman then went up, and he took them into custody—I gave Parsons the shilling I had received from Miss Farebrother.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you keep a shop? A. I do; I am not an amateur policeman, and do not go about hunting up cases to be a witness—I did not know these prisoners at all before—I was never a witness before in this Court—I have never before assisted a policeman in taking persons into custody—I have never gone about with a policeman to see for persons committing offences—I only knew Parsons by his being on duty.

MR. COCKLE. Q. Why did you follow the prisoners? A. Because I had my suspicions of them.





BENJAMIN PARSONS
 (policeman, N 214). On Tuesday, 30th Oct., I was on duty in the Kingsland-road—about a quarter of half-past two, the witness Hughes made a communication to me—we followed the prisoners—Hughesgave me this shilling which I produce—I saw Homan come out of Mr. Thorpe's shop—I took the prisoners into custody—I did not hear anything drop—the witness Hughes left me—Homan refused to go with me, and got out of my band and ran away some yards, but I ran after her, caught her, and brought her back—she then said to the prisoner Hughes, "Step it"—Hughes did not attempt to run away then, she stood still—Homan resisted again, twisting herself round, trying to get out of my hand, and saying she would not go, if I took her, I should carry her—she caught hold of me round the breast, and then Hughes ran away—I hallooed to a man with milkcans to stop her, and be stopped her—the witness Cooper was there at the time looking on—after the prisoners were secured, Cooper gave me lis., which I produce.

Cross-examined. Q. Were the prisoners together when you took them? A. Yes; the witness Hughes ran to the station to fetch some one to help me—the station is about a quarter of a mile off—he assisted in taking them in the first instance—he gave me the shilling when he first saw me in the Kingsland-road—I kept it in my hand during the struggle, and till I got to the station—I then gave it to the sergeant on duty, Moore—he gave it me again directly the charge was taken, to go to the Police-court—we went to the Police-court that same day—I brought it back again—the scratches on the shilling were put on by Miss Fare brother at the station—that was after I had it from the inspector—I did not mark it—I did not have the shilling all the time I was at the Police-court—it was handed to different persons, not many—I believe the Magistrate looked at it and the clerk.

MR. COCKLE. Q. Was it at all out of your sight? A. No—I afterwards gave it to Moore, and he gave it me again next day—it was not out of my sight before Farebrother marked it.





ROSA FAREBROTHER
. I am barmaid at the Two Beehives in Dunstan-street, Kingsland-road—on Tuesday 30th Oct., Homan came to our bar and called for 2d.-worth of spruce—I served her—she gave me 1s., and I gave her 10d. in change—she went away as soon as she had drank the spruce—I put the 1s. in the till—the witness Hughes then came to me, and in

consequence of what he said, I took the shilling out of the till—I found it was bad—there was no other shilling in the till—I gave it to Hughes—I afterwards saw a shilling at the station, and marked it—this is my mark.

Cross-examined. Q. Point out which is your mark? A. All these—I did it with a large knife, which the policeman gave me—there were some sixpences and 4d., pieces in the till, between 4s., and 5s. I should imagine—there were no half crowns—I am sure there was no other shilling, beside the one I put in—I was alone—no one had been in for about a quarter of an hour before—I do not recollect who the last person was, or what I served last, or what the person paid me—when Hughes came in I opened the till, and took the shilling out—I then shut it again—I had been serving alone since eleven o'clock; this was about two—my master, Mr. Callingham, had been serving before me.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you keep the till open long enough to see what it contained? A. I cannot say what it contained—I am quite sure there was no other shilling in it.





SUSANNAH RIDD
. I am assistant to Mr. Thorpe, a linendraper, of 4, Prospect-place, Kingsland-road, about ten minutes walk from the Beehives—on 30th Oct., about half-past two, Homan came to our shop and asked for some blonde, it came to 2 1/2 d.—she put down a 1s., I examined it, found it was bad, told her so, and returned it—I saw it had a lion on it like that on these shillings—she said she was very sorry for it, she did not know it was bad, and gave me a good sixpence, paid for what she had, and left the shop—Parsons the policeman came in five or six minutes, and I told him what had happened.

Cross-examined. Q. Is the shop in the Kingsland-road? A. Yes; I do not know whether there is any linendraper's shop between ours and the Beehives.





HENRY HUGHES

re-examined. She went into Mr. Somer's first, and then into Mr. Thorpe's.





WILLIAM COOPER
. I am a bricklayer's labourer, and live in Melinaplace, Hackney—on Tuesday afternoon 30th Oct I saw Parsons with the prisoners—Homan had hold of him round the waist—Hughes was standing close by, they could not get away from each other—I saw something drop between them—I afterwards went and picked it up, and it was eleven shillings in pieces of brown paper—I gave them to Parsons—he broke one of them to see if they were good—the shillings were in separate pieces of paper.

Cross-examined, Q. Where were you? A, About six yards from them—I picked the shillings up directly they went away—I know Mr. Thorpe's, the linendraper's—I do not know any other linendrapers near there.





HASTINGS MOORE
 (police-sergeant, M 29). On 30th Oct. I was on duty at the Kingsland station when Parsons came with the prisoners—he showed me a shilling, which I told Farebrother to mark, and gave her a knife to do it—it was the same shilling that Parsons gave me.

Cross-examined. Q. How long did you keep it? A. Not many minutes—I laid it on the desk while I took the charge, and then gave it to Fare-brother to mark, and when they came back from the Police-court the officer put all the shillings into a basket, and I locked up all the property found on the prisoners.





JOHN KEMPSTER
. All these shillings are bad—I do not think they are all from the same mould—they are all new—some of them appear to have been in circulation.


Cross-examined. Q. Just look at the one with a cross on it: is that a good imitation of a lion shilling? A. I should say not: I am a clerk in the Bank of England—this one (looking at one produced by Mr. Payne) is good—I can tell the difference by the feel of it—one is dark and heavy-looking—there is as much difference in them as between cut glass and that from a mould.

HOMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 23

HUGHES—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.





Transported for Seven Years.

