




276. 




CATHARINE HORRIGAN
 and 



CHARLOTTE DALTON
 were again indicted for

 stealing, on the 
7th of October, 6 spoons, value 7l. 10s., the goods of 



Angelo Maria Baldacconi, the master of the said 



Catharine Horrigan.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





REV. ANGELO MARIA BALDACCONI
. These six table-spoons now produced are mine—I never authorised either of the prisoners to pawn them—I did not know that they had been stolen till I heard from Horrigan that she had been robbed.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. I understand that Horrigan had the care of them? A. Yes, when I did not use them—I have seen Dalton at my house.

COURT. Q. Do you recollect seeing Dalton about your house on or near the 7th of October? A. I was on the Continent then.





CHARLES JAMES FOX
. I took in these spoons of Horrigan on the 7th of October—when they were first brought that day Dalton was with her—they asked more than 4l. for them—I weighed them, and offered them 4l., which they would not take, and went away—in a short time Horrigan came back alone, and took the 4l.—I asked if they were her own—she said, "Yes"—I said, "Here is a crest on them"—she said, "I know that"—I said, "These initials don't correspond with your name"—she said, "This plate was left me by a deceased relative"—MR. Hayes was in the shop at that time.





JAMES HATES
. I was in the shop when these six spoons were pledged—I saw the two prisoners in the shop, but I cannot say which of them brought the spoons or offered them—I know them as coming to the shop before.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you swear that at the time the spoons were pledged the two prisoners were in the shop? A. Yes, to the best of my recollection—I will not swear it positively.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. The prisoners had been in the shop before? A. Yes, Dalton; not particularly to pledge articles, but to buy articles—on one occasion I sold her a silver watch, a gold chain, and six spoons.





JOSEPH THOMPSON
. I am a police-constable. I went to Dalton's house on the 27th of November—it is a coal-shed—I found Horrigan in the back-parlour, looking at the duplicate of these six spoons pawned for 4l., on the 7th of October, in the name of Ann Dalton, Pancras-street—I took it from her, and took her into the other parlour, where I found Dalton with a small box before her with a quantity of money in it, which she appeared to be counting—I said they must consider themselves in my custody—Dalton said, what for, she had done nothing she was afraid of—Horrigan said, "I know what for; has the doctor ordered you to take

us?"—when we got out, Dalton said, "Take us to the Doctor before you take us to the station; you saw me counting the money to give the girl to get them out," or it out.

HORRIGAN—



GUILTY. Aged 25.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

DALTON—


NOT GUILTY
.
(There was another indictment against the prisoners, on which Mr. Clarkson declined offering any evidence.)
