




951. 




WILLIAM BEASLEY
 and 




GEORGE CRABB
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
10th of February, 23lbs. weight of cheese, value 15s., the goods of 



Nathaniel Bowdler; and that Beasley had been before convicted of felony.






THOMAS REED
. I am pot-boy at the Nag's Head public-house at Poplar, it is kept by Nathaniel Bowdler—he had a piece of cheese in the bar on the 10th of February, and I saw it put into the cupboard—the two prisoner were there in the tap-room when I was shutting the house up—I missed the cheese—this is it—it is my master's, I am sure.

Beasley. Q. When was it put into the cupboard? A. In the afternoon, and you left between twenty minutes and half-past eleven o'clock—you had been there all the evening with some friends—I had been taking a little liquor, but I was not the worse for it.

Crabb. You asked me to lend you a hand to clean the chaise and pony and harness, and I did; if you had not I should not have been near the house that afternoon; and then you said, "You may as well stop and have something," and we went; there were three or four glasses of liquor on the table, and some half-and-half—we were all the worse for liquor.





HENRY VERNON PARKER
 (police-sergeant K 5.) About half-past eleven o'clock that night I went to a brothel in High-street, Poplar—I found the two prisoners in one bed—I awoke them, and the officer who was with me lifted the cheese from under Beasley's head, tied up in a cloth—Crabb said, "I own I am concerned in it, but Beasley put me up to it"—Beasley said, "I know nothing about it, I was asked here to sleep by Crabb."





HENRY HUTTON
 (police-constable K 60.) I took the cheese from under the head of Beasley.





CHARLES HAGOER
 (police-constable K 217.) I produce a certificate of Beasley's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read) he is the man who was then tried and convicted.

BEASLEY—

GU1LTY
. Aged 24.—

Transported for Seven Years.

CRABB—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—



Confined Six Months.
