



1940. 




WILLIAM WALKER
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging, on
the 
30th of January, a request for the delivery of 500 leaves of gold, with intent to defraud 



William Cobley: 2nd COUNT, for uttering the same, with a like intent.







WILLIAM COBLEY
. I am a gold-beater, and live in St. John's-court, King-street, Snow-hill. On the 30th of January the prisoner came and produced this order to me—(read)—"January 30th, 1840.—Mr. Cobley, Please let the bearer have 500 of gold.—Mr.TUBB."—I let him have it—I had known him in Mr. Tubb's employ, and was not aware he had left it—he came several times between that and the 7th of July.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Do you know the hand-writing at all? A. I do not.





WILLIAM TUBB
. I am a painter and gilder, and live in Charlotte-street, Fitzroy-square. This order was not written by me, nor by my authority—the prisoner left my service about a fortnight before Christmas—he had no authority to receive gold-leaf for me since the 1st of January—he was about three years in my service—I am not acquainted with his handwriting—I have never seen him write, nor ever acted on his writing.

MR. COBLEY
re-examined. I had been in the habit of receiving requests from Mr. Tubb in writing—they were signed "W. Tubb"—this order was the first which the prisoner brought signed thus, and I said "Whose handwriting is this? it is a different handwriting"—he said it was the son's.





WILLIAM TUBB
, Jun. I am Mr. Tubb's son. This request is not my handwriting—it was not written by my direction, nor with my knowledge.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you the only son? A. No, there are five others—they are all younger than me—I am nearly fifteen—the next is turned thirteen—I assist in the business, and one of the others does who has just left school, but he did not on the 30th of January—I never write orders.
(Thomas Butler, carpenter, 13, Essex-street, Gravel-lane; John Pellett, fishmonger; and William Batchelor, City toll-collector; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY of Uttering. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(The Prosecutor stated that the prisoner had obtained from him goods amounting to 45l., by similar forged orders.)
