



642. 




JOHN WOOD



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Emily Lewis, in the night of 
9th Jan., at 
St. George Hanoversquare, and stealing therein 1 bracelet, value 12l.; her goods: 2 breast-pins and chain, 1 other breast-pin, 1 pocket-book, and 4 foreign silver coins, value 6l. 4s.; and 6 5l. Bank-notes; the property of 



Joseph Maria Eraolio Del Saz Cavallero: 2nd COUNT, for burgloriously breaking out; having been before convicted.


MR. HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHANNA KELLY
. I am servant to Mr. Emily Lewis, of 27, Groevenerplace, Westminster. On Sunday night, 9th Jan., my mistress went out, and I was the only person left in the house—at ten o'clock there was a ring at the bell—I went to the door—there was a person there, who told me that my mistress was taken very ill, and I was to go to her at once, that he was sent for me—he told me where she was—I went down stairs for my bonnet and shawl, and left the man in the hall—when I came back he hurried me away quickly out of the house—I shut the door after me, and saw that the door was well fastened—I went with the man to Knightsbridge—he tole me to stop at a number, till he returned—it was not the house where my mistress was—he went over the way, and stood for a minute at a corner—as a cab came up, he stooped down to escape my notice, and ten ran away—I spoke to a policeman, and we both went back to my mistress's house—there were some people there—the door fastens with a spring lock, inside—a person inside could open it by pulling back the lock.





JOSEPH MARIS ERACLIO DEL SAZ CAVALLERO
. On this Sunday night, about half-past ten, I went to the prosecutrix's house, where I lodge—I had a latch key, but could not open the door with it—I rang the bell—about two minutes after, the door was opened very quietly and the prisoner came out,

knocking me down—I jumped up as soon as I could, and followed him—I think I followed the same person who knocked me down—I overtook him, took hold of him, and saw him drop a breast-pin—I picked it up—it was mine, and had been in a pocket-book, in a leather bag, in the back room on the second floor in Mr. Lewis's house—there were some papers lying on the ground when I laid hold of him—I cannot say that I saw him throwing them away, I was too much puzzled at the time—I saw the prisoner taken into Mr. Lewis's house, and saw the bracelet found—I believe it to be Mr. Lewis's—the policeman showed me a pocket-book, containing a gold turquoise, a gold union pin, a foreign coin, and some notes, which are my property——I afterwards saw my leather bag—it was still locked, but the side was cut open.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. I the bracelet yours, or mrs. Lewis's? A. Mr. Lewis's—I think I saw the prisoner drop the pin—it dropped on my toe, and I looked down and discovered it—I will not undertake to say that the man who dropped it was the man that was taken—there was one other man running, calling, "Stop thief!"—I cannot say whether he was before me—he was by my side.

COURT. Q. At the time you felt something drop, had you hold of anybody? A. Yes; the prisoner—I do not know that I had hold of anybody else—there was a great crowd round me, and I was glad to get off—I saw no one but the prisoner when the door was opened—I had laid hold of the prisoner, as soon as I overtook him—the whole affair was sudden—I do not think it was the affair of a minute or two—the crowd was close to us—I did not continue to hold the prisoner after the pin was dropped—I let go directly—there were persons there—I cannot swear whether or not I had hold of him when the pin dropped.





THOMAS CARMODY
 (policeman, B 148.) I saw the prosecutor and prisoner near Mr. Lewis's house on this Sunday night, and went up to them as quick as I could—the prisoner had then just got away from Mr. Cavallero—I followed, and took him very soon after he had parted from Mr. Cavallero—I saw him drop this pocket-book, which I saw Connally pick up—I took the prisoner to Mr. Lewis's house—I searched him, and found this gold bracelet in his pocket—as I was conveying him to the station, he said I had no very great catch in him, it was most likely he would get three months, and that would be all—I produce the carpet bag—the side of it is cut—Grosvenorplace is in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was the prisoner when he dropped the pocketbook? A. Running across the road—I was within three of four yards of him—I saw it quite plainly.





JOHN CONNALLY
 (policeman, B 220.) I picked up the pocket-book, and gave it to Carmody—there were a great many papers near the pocket-book—I picked up these two union pins, and four foreign coins—the pins were within, five or six inches of the pocket-book, and the coins a little further off—the papers are six 5l. notes, and the rest private papers,

MR. CAVALLERO
re-examined. This carpet bag is mine—I had six 3l. notes in a pocket-book, in that bag—the pins, pocket-book, and private papers are mine.





JOHANNA KELLY

re-examined. This bracelet is Mr. Lewis's—she is a widow—the house is hers.





ROBERT KEMP
 (policeman, B 297.) I produce a certificate of the prioner's former conviction, by the name of John White—(read—Convicted


20th Oct., 1846, and confined three months)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Baron Alderson.

