




1268. 




WILLIAM EDWARD HARPER
 and 



HELEN HARPER
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
6th of March, 1 frock, value ls.; I petticoat, value 1s.; 1 towel, value 6d.; 1 dram-glass, value 5d.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; and 4 yards of lace, value 3d.; the goods of 



Thomas Richard Burton.






MART BURTON
. I am the wife of Thomas Richard Burton. On the 6th of March we moved from Baker-street, Stepney—I locked up the house carefully that night—it contained the articles stated—when I came next morning the door was broken open, and the things gone—on Tuesday, the 15th, I saw Helen Harper with my daughter's frock and handkerchief on, which I had missed from my box in that house—I got a policeman and gave her into custody—she said she had bought them in Petticoat-lane—at the station I observed that she had my daughter's petticoat on, and said so—she said it was not, that she had bought that in Petticoat-lane with the others—I afterwards went to No. 26, Albion-street, searched the house, and found this towel, the glass, and lace there.

Prisoner W. E. Harper. I should like to know who I am accused of robbing, this woman or her husband? it has been proved, since I have been in prison, that her husband is dead, and she is living with a man; she keeps a bad house. Witness. I am married, and my husband is alive, and at work on board a ship—I saw him this morning—I was married at Nottingham.





WILLIAM JAMES ADAMS
(police-constable K 58.) I went to No. 26 Albion-street, which is a brothel—the prisoners live in the back-room has man and wife—I do not know whether they are so—they were sitting playing at cards—I searched the room and found a towel, a glass, and some cap bordering, which Mrs. Burton claimed—the male prison said he had given 5d. for the glass, that the towel was their own, and the cap bordering his wife had had some time.

Prisoner W. E. Harper. How do yon know my house is a brothel? Witness. Because I know there are girls who come out of vinegar-lane, lodging on the same floor, if not in the same room—the ground floor where he lives is a brothel—I know Mr. Broderip's hand-writing—this is it—the prisoners made a statement, which he signed—(read)—the personer William says, "My wife bought that gown and petticoat, but she did not buy the handkerchief at that time, for this lady (pointing to Mrs. Burton) when my wife was searched, did not exactly know the colour of the hand kerchief; she told the lady who searched her it was a yellow one; the towel and handkerchief she has had some time, and are her own making the gin glass I bought myself for 3d., at the top of the commercial-road, out of the portion I allow myself after giving my wife my wages; when she took the glass off the mantel-piece she said it was here, and when

at the station-house she could not rightly say it was hers." The prisoner Helen says, "Last Monday week a young woman came to me and said she was going down Petticoat. lane; it was about three o'clock in the afternoon; I went with her down Petticoat-lane, and bought the frock and petticoat now produced, and a pair of shoes at the same time, of a Jew, who had them slung over his arm; the towel I have had some months,—it is my own making; the handkerchief I bought, when new it was a blue; the gin glass as my husband told me he bought himself, and brought it home, two or three months ago; the cap border is my own, I have had it two years by me; she did not say she had lost a petticoat till I said I had bought said one with the frock; I directly showed her the petticoat, and she directly said it was hers; a young woman was with me when I bought it."

Ellen Harper's Defence. I bought these things of a Jew in petticoat-lane, last Monday month—the handkerchief was blue but washed white—I have had the gown two years—the prosecutrix did not say she bad lost a petticoat, until I said I had bought one with the gown—I was married in Birmingham.





AMELIA CALVBRT
. I live at No. 10, Star-place, Commercial-road, which is not far from Albion-place. About five weeks ago I went with Mrs. Harper to Petticoat-lane, to buy a frock and petticoat—a Jew had them over his arm, and she purchased them from him—I think it was about three o'clock—the handkerchief she has had some time—I cannot exactly say how long, but six or seven months—I have seen it on her—it may be more than four or five months ago, or it may be less—I cannot say whether I saw it in January or February, it was somewhere there about

William Edward Harper. She bought it is March.





ELIZABETH ATKINS
. About four or five months ago, Helen Harper took home some work with me to Mr. Moses's, in the Minories, and in coming back we bought some toweling at a shop in the Minones, opposite Butcher-row—I mended my husband's smock with part, and here is all I have remaining of it—if you compare it with the towel the prosecutrix swears to, you will see that it matches it—I can take my oath the towel and this piece was bought at the same time—it is the prisoner's towel, she used to put it on the table when they had their meals.

MRS. BURTON
re-examined. I know the towel by my own needlework on it—this piece of stuff produced by Atkins is not the same sort as the towel—I am positive all the things are mine.





WILLIAM JAMES ADAMS

re-examined. I went to the prosecutrix's house and found it had been broken open and robbed—I examined the boxes and they were robbed—she described the nature of the property More I found it, and the property I found corresponded exactly with what she said she had lost.





WILLIAM CALVERT
. I am the female prisoner's father, and live in Wood's-buildings, Whitechapel-road—she has been living with her husband in Albion-street, Commercial-road, for nearly twelve months—I have seen her now and then, but not often—she always went by the name of Harper to the best of my knowledge—I do not know whether she is married—I never asked her that question—she has never left London to my knowledge—sometimes I have seen her once a month, or once in two or wee weeks—she lived in very respectable situations before she was married—I do not know where she was married.


Helen Harper. I had a piece of work with my father, and did not speak to him for twelve months; I was out of London, but my father did not know it.

W. E. HARPER†—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

H. HARPER—


NOT GUILTY
.
