




1578. 




THOMAS SMITH
 and 




EDWARD FLOOD



were again indictedfor stealing 1 purse, value 4s.; 4 sixpences, and 1 groat; the property of 



Ann Wright, from her person; Flood having been before convicted.







ANN WRIGHT
. I am single, and live in Cooke's-ground, Chelsea. I wason board the Childe Harold, on 28th May—I had a purse in my pocket. containingone shilling, four sixpences, one fourpenny piece, and some half-pence—I missed my purse about half a mile from Chiswick—Smith brushedagainst me on tlie side where my purse was—I said I had been robbed, and Smith then left, and wa'ked round the boat—persons said in his presencethey had seen him put his hand into a gentleman's pocket—I said to him," If you would put your hand into one person's pocket, you have most likelydone it to mine; I have lost my purse and money"—he said, "I hope youwill not accuse me, I am a respectable person"—I afterwards said to Flood, "I shall detain you, on suspicion of robbing me"—he offered to take out hismoney and show me—he said, "Don't say anything against me, don't aceuseme, I am a respectable person"—he asked if I should know my money—Isaid, "Yes, part of it"—he said, "What?"—I said, "An old crooked six-pence"—it was getting dark—I saw him put his hand over the side of theboat, and I heard something drop into the water.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALTE. Q. Did you hear him ask to besearched before he put his hand over the boat? A. Yes—he took somemoney out—he did not say how much there was—that was when Steddy and Whitelock, and other persons, were round.





EDWARD HURBARD
. When the boat got up to the pier, I saw Smithleaning his arm over the rail—something dropped into the water, I am notsure whether from him or not.





THOMAS SAMUEL
. I saw Wright accuse Smith—she said she had lost acrooked sixpence that she could swear to—I advised her not to say anythingmore to him, and said I should give him into custody when I got to Chelesea—he then left, went round the boat, and sat by the fore-cabin stairs—I wentup to him, with both the ladies—directly he saw us, he got up, andwent and stood by Flood's side—I held Smith by the collar till he got there—I thenlet him go, and watched him, and heard some one say, "He has just putsomething into this person's (Flood's) pocket"—several persons said theysaw him do it—I said to Whitelock, "Did you see him do it?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "You take care of that man, and I will attend to the other"—at Chelsea the captain sent for a policeman—they then said Flood hadthrown something over—I am sure it was not Smith—I had my eye on him.





FRANCIS WHITELOCK
. I am a tailor, of Charles-street, Middlesex Hospital. I was on the Cliilde Harold, and heard Wright charge the prisoners—Smith stood by Hood's side—I saw him put his hand into Flood's rightpocket—I immediately said they were connected, and 1 would give them incharge—Flood said he was innocent, and hoped he would not be given incharge—I watched them till we came to the pier, where I saw Flood put hisleft hand over the rail and drop something.





JOSEPH HANSON
 (policeman V 133.) I was sent for—the passengers said, "Here comes the policeman"—Flood took his left hand, I think from histrowsers pocket, and turned it over the railing of the boat in a very hurriedmanner—three or four persons said, "He has thrown something over—took hold of his hand—I found on him a sovereign, a half-crown, and fifteenshillings; and on Smith two half-sovereigns, four half-crowns, six shillings, four sixpences, one fourpenny-piece, and 4 3/4 d. in copper.

Cross-examined. Q. Are either of these sixpences the crooked one? A. No.





GEORGE SPENCER DAWS
 (policeman V 183.) I produce certificate

of Flood's former conviction—(read—Convicted Oct., 1847, for a robbery ona steam-boal pier—confined six months)—he is the person.

SMITH received a good character. 


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—



Confined Six Months
. FLOOD—


GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Ten Years.

