





704. 




GEORGE SMITH
 and 




EDWARD POOLEY
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 pair of boots, value 4s.; the goods of 



Benjamin Ward; and that they had both been before convicted of felony.






LOUISA BRYAN
. I am the wife of Thomas Bryan. On Monday evening, the 15th of January, I was in Tottenham-court-road—I taw both the prisoners together at Mr. Ward's shop—Pooley snatched a pair of boots down off the railing, and gave them to Smith, who put them into his pocket—they walked some distance, and looked at me very hard, as I was watching them——I lost sight of them for some time, but I saw them again, and pointed them out—I am quite sure they are the same men—I can swear to them—I gave information—I saw the boots again in an area, but I did not get up in time to see them put into the area—I saw the prisoners in some square about three-quarters of a mile from Mr. Ward's—the area in which the boots were, was in the way from the shop to that square.

Pooley. Q. Did not you come into the station and say, "I believe that is the man, I could not swear it"—and did not the policeman take you to a public-house, and treat you with a pint of ale and biscuit, and say, "Mind you say the same that I told you last night?" A. Certainly not—he brought me in a biscuit, but he never uttered such a word—I was confident you was the man—the policeman said, "Now, before you are positive, be sure you are right."

Pooley. I was taken up ten days afterwards, and was very tipsy; I laid on the floor, and the policeman brought you in; you said you believed I was the man, you could not swear to me. Witness. He was not tipsy—I had never seen him before that night, but he looked at me so had that I knew him—I was watching him and he me.





JOHN WOOLCOTT
. I am shopman to Mr. Benjamin Ward, boot and shoemaker, in Tottenham-court-road. On the evening of the 15th of Jan, Bryan gave me notice about a pair of boots—I went and missed a pair from the railing outside the shop—I followed in the way Bryan directed, and she pointed out two men—I went after them with the policeman, and Smith, who was one of them, was taken—I saw him throw the boots over the railing of an area at the corner of Bedford-square—I ran with another policeman after the other man, but he got away—I cannot swear that Pooley was the other man—I can swear to Smith—he threw away these boots—they are my master's.





WILLIAM BAKER
 (police-constable E 108.) I heard of this robbery, and I took Pooley on the 25th of Jan.—I told him I wanted him on suspicion of stealing a pair of hoots in Tottenham-court-road, in company with another person—he struck me a violent blow on my breast, and made his escape—I succeeded in taking him, after a race with two or three other constables—he said, "I know who has done this for me."

Smith's Defence. I was passing Bedford-square, and was token. I am innocent.

Pooley's Defence. I think it very hard to be taken up innocently; I know nothing of it; I was at work at the time.





JAMES WESTMOEELAND
 (police-constable F 147.) I produce a certificate of Smith's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner Smith is the man.





THOMAS CHILMAN
 (police-constable F 75.) I produce a certificate of pooley's former conviction, which I got at, Mr. Clark's office—(read)—Pooley is the man.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

POOLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.





Transported for Seven years.

