




632. 




WILLIAM METCALF
 and 




ALFRED HASTINGS
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of, 



Thomas Cheveley, about the hour of two in the night of the 
5th of January, at 
St. Dunstan, Stebonheath, alias Stepney, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 3 coats, value 3l.; 1 table-cover, value 2s. 6d.; 2 spoons, value 8s.; 1 locket, value 5s.; and 1 case of mathematical instruments, value 10s.; his property.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS CHEVELEY
. I live in Jubilee-place, in the parish of Stepney.—I pay taxes to that parish. On the 5th of January I went to bed at ten at night—I saw the doors and all the windows of the house fastened before I went to bed—I was awoke about two by a noise in or about the house—I got out of bed, went to the front window, looked into the street for a policeman, and almost immediately heard a rattle spring—soon after there was a knock at my door—I went down and found the policeman knocking

very loudly—I found the street-door unlocked and unbolted—I had locked and bolted it before I went to bed—I let the policeman in, and found the box-staple wrenched off the back parlour door, which was open; the sash of the back parlour window was thrown up, and had a pane of glass broken, so that a hand could be inserted to undo the hasp—I found every thing in disorder in that room, the escrutoire and book-case broken open, and every drawer ransacked and disturbed—I missed three coats, which hung in the hall the night before, a table-cover off the back-parlour table, salt and mustard spoons, which were on the back-parlour sideboard the night before—they were gone altogether—I missed a locket, and a case of mathematical instruments, from a drawer in the book-case.





JAMES WHITTLETON
 (police-constable K 173.) On the night of the 5th of January, I was in Jubilee-place about two o'clock, and observed a light through the fan-light over the prosecutor's door—I waited about five minutes, when sergeant Pitt came up—we stood and listened a minute or two—I went to the rear of the premises and found a cab-yard with the large folding gates unfastened—they had a catch and padlock—we went into the yard, and searched the stable and hay-loft—there was nobody there at that time—we came out and fastened the gates, hanging the padlock on outside—there was no key—we could not lock it—the gates are between six and seven feet high—it would prevent their being opened from the inside—I remained at the gate—Pitt turned his eye over the wall, and we saw a light in the first-floor room, above the parlour—Pitt went and knocked at the door—I heard a rumbling as if three or four people apparently were coming out at the back window—I sprung my rattle, ran round to the rear of the premises into Hawkin's-street, and heard Pitt spring his rattle again—I came round again, and saw a man apparently with a long drab coat, running away—he turned into Richardson-street, and got away—he was coming in a direction from the back wall—we went and knocked at Cheveley's door—he came down—we went into the house, and in the garden I found three coats, a needle-case, table-cover, and an old jacket, which I produce—when we were in the house, I heard another rattle spring—we ran out, and found the prisoners in the custody of Mountford, in the stable—Metcalf was dressed in a round blue-jacket—Hastings had no coat or jacket on—he was in his shirtsleeves—I was at the station in the morning, when sergeant Pitt showed Hastings this old jacket, and asked him if it was his—he put it on, and said he believed it was his, and put his hands into the pocket.

COURT. Q. Could a person getting out at the back window where you heard the noise, get into the yard? A. Yes—they would then be in Mr. Cheveley's yard—they would have to get over a wall six or seven feet high to get into the stable-yard.





HENRY JAMES PITT
. On the night of the 5th of January, I was in Jubilee-place, and observed a constable at the prosecutor's house—I afterwards went to the rear of the premises, and searched the stable and loft—there was nobody there—I came out of the yard, saw a light in the back room first-floor, and the blind drawn on one side—I went and knocked at the door, heard a noise like persons running down stairs, and a noise like persons scrambling over a wall—when Mr. Cneveley opened the door, I examined the house—the back parlour door had been forced open—I was present when some coats were found, and a jacket, which I took to the station next morning—Hastings was brought out—I said,

"You lost your jacket last night, is this it?"—he put it on, and said, "I believe it is"—and put his hands into the pockets—I took it from him again—I saw the prisoners in custody in the stable—the back parlour door is an inner door, going from the passage—the house is in the parish of St. Dunstan, Stebonheath, alias Stepney.





GEORGE MOUNTFORD
 (police-constable K 118.) I was at the cab-yard on the night of the 5th of January—I took the padlock off the gate—it was not fastened, but merely put on to keep the gates together so that they could not be opened inside—I looked round the yard, but could not see anybody—I pushed the stable-door open, and saw the two prisoners there—I asked what they wanted there—they made no answer whatever—there was a policeman about ten yards behind me—I told him to spring his rattle, which he did, and Pitt came out—we took them into custody.





THOMAS CHEVELEY

re-examined. I know these articles to be my property—they were all safe in my house when I went to bed;

METCALF—


GUILTY
. Aged 23. 



Transported for Ten Years.

HASTINGS-GUILTY. Aged 27.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder,

