



22. 




CHARLES PARKER
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Richard Jones, about three in the night, at 
St. Marylebone, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 pair of trowsers, value 3s.; 16 half-crowns, 40 shillings, and 40 sixpences, his property.






RICHARD JONES
. I live in Dorset-street, in the parish of St. Marylebone, and keep the house. On the 27th of Oct. I went to bed about eleven o'clock at night—I was the last person up—the doors and windows were properly fastened—about three o'clock in the morning I heard a noise, and got up—I put my hand under my pillow, where I had put my trowsers the night before, and missed them—there was some money in the pockets when I put them there—I sleep in the parlour, level with the shop—I went into the shop, and found the door open—the pannel under the stall-board had been removed—a person could get in there if it was pulled out more than I found it—it might have been pulled more inward after they got in—I found a pair of boots in the shop belonging to a stranger, and a sack of potatoes which are mine—I found some rag with marks of blood on it in the toes of the boots—I also found by my bed-side some pieces of rag with blood on them—I gave the boots to the policeman—the prisoner was in my service for a short time, and since that he has passed and repassed the shop several times.





WILLIAM BECKLEY
 (policeman.) I took the prisoner in charge on the afternoon of the 28th—he had a pair of boots on—I asked how he got them—he said they were given to him that morning—I had seen the boots left at the prosecutor's, at the station—Jones had given them to another policeman.





WILLIAM CHITTY
. I know the prisoner, and know these boots are his—the night before the robbery, as I was standing outside the door, and he showed

me where he had cut his toe—are the same boots as he showed me—it was about half-past eight o'clock on the night of the 26th of Oct.—I did not see the cut, but saw the blood running through his boot.





RICHARD JONES

re-examined. These are the boots left in my shop—it was on the morning of the 28th—I left the place safe on the night of the 27th.




GUILTY
.* Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.

