



1579. 




WILLIAM BUTLER



, feloniously wounding 



Ellen Touhey Butler, with intent to do her grievous bodily harm.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






ELLEN TOUHEY BUTLER
. I am the prisoner's wife; I have been married to him ten or eleven years; I have four children. On the Thursday that this happened, I do not know the day of the month, I had been to a public-house with an acquaintance about twelve o'clock at night—I did not stop there long—I went home at half-past twelve—my husband was home before me—I had been away about half an hour—I went up to the third floor—before I got in the room I heard a rush, and heard my husband come up-stairs—when I heard him, I went into a room—I did not shut the door, for he was just in after me—he struck me with his hand, and I fell over a lot of saucepans, and he made a kick at me when I was down—he kicked me in the lower part of my body—the appearances which the surgeon noticed were produced by his violence—I soon got well—I got up, and sat on the landing—my husband went to bed—I heard no more noise—I came down in about an hour, and sat at the door till two o'clock in the morning—the policeman came by and spoke to me—I had received a blow on the head from the prisoner outside the public-house—that was before I went home—he came and called me out of the public-house and spoke to me, I was very saucy to him, and would go in again, and he struck me—after the blow, I went to the public-house, and told Miss Langton he had struck me, and knocked me down, and while I was down kicked me on the side of the thigh—I then went home—I did not like to go into the bedroom—I went upstairs and then I heard the rush—I went to the back-room, which belongs to a person named Turner, to get out of the prisoner's way when I heard him coming—I was in the lodger's room when I received the kicks which I have mentioned—I was lying on my side at the time—my husband was gone to bed before that—we live on the first-floor.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. In point of fact, your husband was drunk? A. He was very tipsy—he came home and found I was at the public-house—I had had a little to drink.





EMILY LANGTON
. Mrs. Butler came to my house, and we went to the

public-house together a little before twelve o'clock—it was on a Friday—I cannot tell the day of the month—she had been in the public-house about a quarter of an hour when she was called out—I did not see her husband at the public-house, nor see him do anything to her—she returned to the door of the public-house—she did not come in—she complained of being hurt—I then went over to the prisoner, who was standing outside the gateway, and asked him if he was angry with Mrs. Butler—he said he would let her know; he said he would drown her, he would hold her head in the jerry till she was stifled—Mrs. Butler left me to go to her own house—I did not see any more of her that night.

Cross-examined. Q. Did Mrs. Butler live in the same house with you? A. She used—there were two other women at the public-house beside her and me—they were single women.





GEORGE FERRIS
 (police-sergeant, D 28). On Thursday morning, July 19th, about half-past two o'clock, I saw the prosecutrix sitting on the kerb, in the Mews, opposite her own door—I asked her what was the matter—she said she had been beaten and kicked by her husband—she was not able to get up, and appeared to be in great pain—I got assistance, and took her to Mr. Howlett, the surgeon—he attended to her, and ordered her to be sent home—when I cook her, she took my hand, and put it down to the lower part of her person, and there appeared to be a lump larger than my double fist—I took the prisoner into custody—he said it was the b—y drink that caused it; that he had kicked her, and he supposed he had kicked her too low, lower than he had intended—the woman was perfectly sober.





HENRY HOWLETT
. I am a surgeon, of 18, Cambridge-terrace, Hyde-park—the officer brought Mrs. Butler to my house between two and three o'clock that morning—my house is about 100 or 150 yards from where she lives—I put her on the floor of my consulting-room, and made a careful examination of her person—I discovered a bruise on the side of her face, and some extravasated blood—I examined her leg, and found the stocking had been cut through by blows in three or four places—the skin of the leg was broken, and it had the appearance of fine nails, or it might be gravel in it—that could have been done by kicks—I then made an examination of her private parts—I found there a most frightful contusion of the parts—they were enormously swollen, with extravasated blood—there was a swelling of the extent of eight inches, running from the pelvis, beginning in front, and forming an arch underneath, between her legs—I ordered her to be carried home by the constables—she was put to bed—I staid with her some hours, gave her what was necessary, and attended her—the next morning I found the parts were still more inflamed, and I was obliged to puncture it as I was afraid it would burst and mortify—her life was in the greatest danger for several days—the parts about the labia were enormously swollen, larger than my arm—I should have hardly thought that it would have borne so large an extension as there was—she was a healthy and a strong woman, but I considered her life was in danger for five or six days—the effect of the puncture was an oozing of fluid from the part, and she suffered from collapse of the womb—she appeared to have an involuntary effusion of urine, which I attributed to an injury of the bladder, but it was not material—her head was considerably discoloured, and one eye was swollen—her thighs were slightly discoloured—I should think she had had one or two distinct blows both before and behind—the shoe must have passed between the thighs, and had it not been for the clothes she must inevitably have been killed—I heard she bad been sick on the stairs, but I did not see that.






ROBERT SOWTER
 (policeman, D 212). I took the prisoner, about half-past two o'clock the same night.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(The surgeon stated that he had attended the prosecutrix on two former occasions for injuries inflicted by the prisoner).
