



394. 




JOHN ARNOLD
 was indicted

for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Wright, on the 
3rd of Dec. at 
Bermondsey, and stealing therein 2 coats, value 5l., 1 waistcoat, 10s.; 1 pair of trowsers, 1l. 4s.; 1 handkerchief, 4s.; 1 watch, 14s.; I gown, 1l., 1 quilt, 2s. 6d., I bag, 1d. 1 half-crown; 5 shillings, his property: and 1 coat, 2l. 10s.; 1 waistcoat, 15s.; 1 pair of trowsers, 1s. 6d., 1 watch, 1l., 1 handkerchief, 4s.; 2 shirts, 8s.; and 2 sovereigns, the property of 



Henry Clark: 2 coats, 3l., 1 waistcoat, 10s.; 1 pair of trowsers, 1l., 1 handkerchief, 4s.; 1 watch, 1l. 10s.; 1 half-sovereign, and 4 shillings; the property of 



Joseph Clark.






THOMAS WEST
. I am a policeman. On the evening of the 3rd of Dec, at seven o'clock, I was in Bermondsey, about 200 yards from Mr. Wright's house, and saw the prisoner in Neckinger-street, with a large bundle on his back, coming in a direction from Wright's towards Black friars-road—I stopped him and asked what he had got there—he said, a bed—I asked where he was going to take it—he said to Webber-street, Blackfriars-road—I felt it, and found it was not a bed—I examined it, and it contained five coats, three waistcoats, three pair 3 of trowsers, a dress, two handkerchiefs, two shirts, and was tied up in a quilt—as he was going to the station, he said some woman had given him half-a-crown to carry it.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Did he produce anything? A. He produced half-a-crown at the station.





ELIZABETH WRIGHT
. I am the wife of James Wright, and live at No. 3, Charles-street, in the parish of Bermondsey. On the evening of the 3rd of Dec., I went out about half-past six o'clock—I locked the door quite safe—I bolted the back door—left the street door on the lock, and a candle burning in the back room—I returned at twenty minutes after seven, and found the

front and back doors both wide open, the candle blown out, and put on a chair behind the street door—I went to the first floor, and found the chest stripped of the wearing apparel, the quilt off the bed, and on the second floor all the clothes were gone—the articles produced are part of what were stolen—three watches, and 3l. in money, which were gone, have not been found—the value of all the property taken is upwards of 20l.—one of these coats is my husband's, and one my son Henry Clark's—there was a waistcoat of my husband's, and trowsers, and handkerchief, a gown, a quilt, and watch, besides a coat, waistcoat, trowsers, watch, handkerchief, and shirt of Henry Clark, my son; and a coat, a waistcoat, trowsers, handkerchief, and watch of Joseph Clark, another son—all the clothes are here except one silk handkerchief.

Cross-examined. Q. Was anybody with you when you left the house? A. No—it is a new house, and has a new door and lock—I am quite certain I fastened the door after me—I tried it after me.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


Before Mr. Recorder.

