




999. 




WILLIAM SMITH
 and 




ELIZA BUSHNELL



, stealing 46 yards of silk, value 6l.; the goods of 



Joseph Hardwick, in his dwelling-house.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution,





WILLIAM WARMAN
. I am assistant to Joseph Hardwick, of 107, New Bond-street, linendraper On Saturday, 10th March, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, Bushnell came and inquired for some Jenny Lind caps—we did not keep them—she went out and said something to Smith, who was outside, they both entered, and Bushnell asked for some white cotton stockings—she selected a pair, and then bought a white cambric handkerchief—Smith asked to look at some silk handkerchiefs, and selected one—he paid 9s., which the things came to—I packed up the parcel, and they rose to go away, and then Smith requested to be shown some silk dresses; I showed them some—Smith wanted something of a chocolate-striped colour—I showed them about twenty dresses, and said we had none of that description—they requested me to cut patterns of some which I had shown them—I packed some patterns up, and they rose up, and went five or six yards down the shop, when Bushnell said she wanted three or four yards of the pink silk for a child's frock; they both returned, and I cut off three yards and a half—Smith said "We must have some lining for it"—I went about six yards off and got the lining, which, with the silk, came to 12s. 6d.—I packed them up, and Smith paid me—Bushnell then stooped down—I asked what she was looking for; she said, "For a sixpence"—I went round the counter, and saw the corner of a silk dress projecting from under her shawl—I took it from her, and called a servant to search her—Smith rushed towards the door and tried to escape, a young man caught him, he came back, fell on his knees, and implored me to overlook it, and offered to pay any amount of money—I said I could do nothing of the kind—Bushnell went to a part of the counter where there were no silks and appeared to lean on it; when she moved, these two silk dresses were there, folded up in a way in which we never keep them—they were some I had shown her—Smith asked her if she had paid for those silks—I said he knew very well she had not—she was given in charge—these silks are worth 6l.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Has Mr. Hardwick any partner. A. No—there are silks infinitely more expensive than these.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. The dresses were all in a heap on the I counter? A. No, there were not more than three or four on one another—they were not scattered about in three or four places—the two silks I found were

about a yard from the others, I am confident—I am not mistaken about them, because it was at the very place where I had packed up the parcel.





ALFRED WILLIAM EVANS
 (policeman, E 106). I took the prisoners, and produce the silks.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. The man was Tery much agitated? A. Yes, and the woman also.

SMITH—


GUILTY
.** Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years



BUSHNELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—



Confined Twelve Months.

