



1044. 




JAMES WHITE
 was indicted

 for stealing 4 shillings, 4 sixpences, 2 groats, 1 penny, and 1 halfpenny; the monies of 



Richard Kingston, from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






RICHARD KINGSTON.
 I am a bookmaker, and live at Kensington New Town. On the 1st of April I was going to measure a gentleman in Wellclose-square for a pair of boots—I got out of an omnibus at the Bank—I continued my way, and offered to give a person drink if he would show me the way—it was about six o'clock in the evening—I know I had 18s when I met some one—I had three half-crowns, eight or ten shillings, and some sixpences—I recollect nothing more till I got to the station—when I found my recollection again I was locked up in the station, and I had no money—the prisoner is the man whom I asked to show me the way, and whom I offered something to drink—I am sure he is the man—I can swear to him, but he had a fustian jacket on, not the same jacket that he has now.

Prisoner. Q. Had you 18s in your pocket? A. Yes, about 18s when I left the Bank—there were three half-crowns amongst it—I do no know whether any of it was marked—I put it into my pocked—I was in no other company—I paid for the omnibus—I spent nothing till I met with you—I was sitting down asleep—I have no recollection of who took the money from me—what I drank took my recollection away.

COURT.
Q. Did you go into a public-house with the prisoner? A. Yes; and drank something at the bar—I came out, and went to another public-house I do not know how much I drank.

JURY.
Q. Did you ask the prisoner to have something to drink? A. Yes; I said, "Will you come and have something to drink?"—we had a quartern of rum, and then we went somewhere else—I do not know what we had at the next place—I was intoxicated—I do not recollect whether I invited him to go into the second house.





PETER SHARP.
 I am a lamp-lighter, and live in George-yard, St. George's—I was at the George public-house, in the New-road, on the evening of the 1st of April—I saw the prosecutor and the prisoner, and two others with them, drinking rum—I saw a great dead of whispering and nudging going on between the prisoner and the other men, for nearly half on hour—I watched them—the prosecutor seemed overcome all at once—he partly sat, and partly fell on the seat—he was not able to sit down—the prisoner sat down instantly

alongside of him, and the other two persons placed themselves so as to screen him—I saw the prisoner put his left hand into the prosecutor's lefthand waistcoat-pocket—a woman who was sitting there called out—the prisoner got up to run away—I ran to follow him—my foot slipped at the door, and he got out—I still followed him, and never lost sight of him—I caught him about fifteen yards from the house, up the gateway—after I had hold of him he said, "Come on old cock, I will make it all right, you shall have half"—we went to the top of the yard. which is I suppose some sixty yards long—he offered me half this money three times before we got to the top—there used to be a wicket-gate there—he went there and found an obstruction—he there offered me the whole of the money—I would not take it, we returned down the yard again, and at the third arch of the railway there is a wall where a person might escape over—he went there, but found way was blocked up with carts and wagons—there was a struggle between us there, and he jinked the money in his hand—when he got to a dunghill he was thrown down, and left the money there—I saw the money in his hand three times—two or three persons came to my assistance, and the prisoner was secured.

prisoner. You followed me out of the house, and demanded money of me. Witness. No, nothing of the kind.





JAMES POOLE.
 I live at No. 35, St, George's-terrace. I was sitting alongside the woman who called out—I heard the prisoner say when he first came into the house that he had shown the man from London-bridge to Wellclose-square—he said he had come two miles out of his way to conduct him; that he had given him two glasses of rum for showing him, and he did not seem satisfied—the prosecutor said, "I behaved as a man to you—I live at No. 7, Kensington New Town—I want no further correspondence with you"—they went our together for ten minutes or quarter of an hour, then came back with another person who had some salt fish, and that person said, "I will treat you now"—they had something drink—the prosecutor sat down on the bence—the prisoner sat alongside of him—a woman was sitting alongside of me, and she said something—I saw the prisoner put his left hand into the prosecutor's waistcoat-pocket, and draw out something—I do not know what it was—the woman called out, "Don't go to rob the man, he had been treating you all the evening"—the prisoner then rushed out.





WILLIAM ROSE
 (police-constable K 180.) The prisoner was given into my custody, and I received from Sharp 6s 9 ½d—I saw the prosecutor, he was very drunk.

Prisoner's Defence. I went into drink with the prosecutor; there were three men in company with these two who have come as witnesses; we sat down and had something to drink, and these men had some of the rum that we called for; I and the prosecutor had some more rum, and a pint of halfand-half; we then went out—one of them followed us and said, "If you come back, I know the prosecutor, I will treat you with a pot of beer;" we went back and had a share of the beer; when it was out, the man that gave the beer asked if I was not going to stand anything; I pulled out a shilling and gave it to the man to pay for beer; they got shuffling about the prosecutor; I got up, as I had an occasion to go out; this witness followed me, and demanded money up the yard; a tustle took place, I was knocked down on the dunghill, and the money rolled out of my jacked-pocked; whether the prosecutor was robbed I could not tell; he was gone, and because I was a stranger and intoxicated they gave me into custody to escape themselves;

if I had taken it I must have had the three half-crowns as well as the other money, and it does not stand feasible that I could put away three half-crowns and not the small silver and halfpence; the money does not correspond with the prosecutor's money at all.





WILLIAM BANTING
 (City police-constable, No.  692.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convincied 23rd Feb., 1846, and confined four months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY.** Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

