



2661. 




RICHARD WARREN
 was indicted

 for feloniously receiving, on the 
5th of June, 1 watch, value 1l. 16s.; and 1 waistcoat, value 8s.; the goods of 



Henry Nicholls, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute,.






HENRY NICHOLLS
. I am a carver and gilder, and live in Silver-street, Tottenham-court-road. About eleven o'clock on Sunday night, the 5th of Jane, I met a woman at the end of Tottenham-court-road—I went with her to a house in Church-street, St. Giles's—a man came in and wanted me to make some arrangement with the girl—I would not while he was in the room—directly after he had gone out, I took my coat and waistcoat off, and placed my watch and guard in the waistcoat pocket—the light was put out, and I found my waistcoat, watch and guard were gone—the woman took them, and went out with them—I afterwards found my watch at a pawnbroker's in Goswell-street—the prisoner was not the man who came into the room—no one could have taken them but the woman.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. YOU did not see anybody take them out of the room? A. I could not, I was in the dark—I know no other person came into the room, because I was all alone—the woman went out and left the door open—I could not find my way out—I did not stop two minutes.





CHARLES BATH
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce the watch, which was pledged on the 6th of June, I cannot tell who by—on the 8th of September the prisoner came to redeem it—I asked if he had pawned it, he said yes—I asked what kind it was, he said a silver hunting watch—I asked how long he had had it, he said eight months, and he had it from his brother, who died.





GEORGE GRAY
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce a waistcoat, pledged at our shop by the prisoner, on the 20th of June, together with a coat and some other ai tides.

Cross-examined. Q. The other things have nothing to do with this case? A. No, they are his own.





JAMES BUCKLE
. I am an officer of the Goswell-street trust. The prisoner

was given to me by Bath—I found on him ten duplicates, one of which relates to this waistcoat.





JOHN STRUTT
 (police-constable G 249.) I spoke to the prisoner about this coat and waistcoat—he said they were made for him—I said "How can that be?"—he said he was measured for the coat, and he had purchased the waistcoat at the time he bought the ticket for the watch.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.
