





2817. 




ALFRED LEWIS
 and 




HENRY PASSENGER
 were indicted for

 a robbery on 



William Bugden, on the 
22nd of September, putting him in fear and danger of his life, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 purse, value 1s., and 7 shillings, his property; and immediately before, at the time of, and after the said robbery, feloniously beating and striking him; and that Lewis had been before convicted of felony.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






REV. WILLIAM BUGDEN
. I am a Roman Catholic clergyman, and live in Upper Holland-street, Kensington. On the 22nd of September, about half past nine o'clock at night, I was on my way through the Park—I went in at the Hyde-park Corner gate, and went down the gravel-walk, by the side of the drive, by the first stone bridge across the river—I mean the bridge nearer Hyde-park Corner—when I arrived there, I heard a whistle, and three men rushed out suddenly upon me—I know not from where, but I should say they came from a plantation which was near—I had not seen them before—they came at my side, and the plantation was more at my side—one of them seized hold of the front of my coat violently, called me a dirty s—, and said, "I have seen it, and there goes the soldier," pointing to a soldier who was on the other side of the ride, proceeding along the path leading to Cumberland-gate—(the other two did not lay hands on me at this moment, they stationed themselves one on each side of me as a guard)—he then lowered his voice, and said, "I must have some money"—he spoke quite loud enough for the other two to hear him—I said, "I shall not give yot any thing of that nature, you shall not have anything from me"—on this he thrust his hand into my left-hand trowsers' pocket, and took from it a brown net silk purse with steel slides and tassels, containing between 7s. and 8s.—during the time he was doing this, the other two were standing on either side of me—the prisoners are certainly those two men—up to the time when the third man put his band into my pocket, I saw no one near me but the two prisoners and the soldier alluded to, who might have been 600 or 700 yards off—the two prisoners both made the accusation at the same time with the other man—I was so alarmed at the time that I do not know whether I cried out, but I have heard since that I did—after the first man took my purse he ran away—there is one incident which I do not think I mentioned at the police-court, which I wish to mention now, but I felt as if I had awoke from a dream after the occurrence, the man that took my purse, knocked my hat off, and endeavoured to strike me with something which he had in his hand—it appeared to me to be a life-preserver—I bent down my head, and escaped the blow—I am confident the pnsoners must have seen the first man take my purse and run away—on his doing so Lewis took hold of me—I cannot swear that Passenger touched me—I cannot swear whether he did or did not—he said the same as the other did—he accused me in the same manner—when Lewis took hold of me, I said "Why don't you leave go? Leave go—I must give you in charge."

Q. Did you say for what? A. For stealing my purse, or for aiding the other man in stealing my purse—I charged them with aiding the other man in stealing my purse—in a short time two or three persons other man in stealing my purse—in a short time two or three persons came up—I desired them to fetch the police, and shortly after Beckerson came up, and I gave the two prisoners in charge—among other persons that came up I have since recognised Mr. Fargues of Hull.


Cross-examined by
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Was it a light or a dark night? A. Light, it was a moonlight night—the moon was up and shining—I cannot say that Passenger did anything—he was by at the time the first man charged me, and he joined likewise in saying it after the other—I did not hear any person ask him in the Queen's name to assist in taking me on the charge—I can say that no person called on him in the Queen's name—I did not hear anybody—if any person had said it I should certainly have heard it—it could not have escaped from my memory—the blow with the life-preserver did not escape my memory—it occurred to me afterwards, but that was not by one of the prisoners—at that time there was no person about me but the three persons concerned in the act—I do not know any of the persons that came up afterwards—they came up in about three minutes—I understand it was in consequence of a cry which I made—I did not hear the prisoners raise any cry.

COURT. Q. You say about three minutes elapsed between the time when the first man ran away and the people coming up to your assistance? A. No, from the time I was first attacked—not above three seconds elapsed from the third man running away and the other persons coming up—when they came up Lewis had hold of me by the throat and by the collar of my coat—I had not hold of him—they could both have run away if they had pleased—the third man, when he made this charge, said he had seen it, and the prisoners used precisely the same words—they both said they had seen it.





FRANCIS FARGUES
. I am a commercial traveller. I was in Hyde-park on the night of the 22nd of September, coming from Knightsbridge, and saw the prosecutor—he was about fifty yards off when I first saw him—I heard a thistle, and heard a person catl out, "Police, murder!"—I saw two or three persons before that, but did not take particular notice of them, not having my attention called—when I came up within a few yards I saw the prosecutor and the two prisoners, another person was running away—I did not see anything before I saw the third man running away—I heard the cry of "Murder and police" before I saw the third man running away, and directly after I heard the whistle—I made the best of my way to the spot, and saw the prosecutor and the two prisoners, Passenger at his side, and Lewis in front of him with his hand up, bridling him up under the chin—the third man was running away directly I heard the cry of "Murder and police"—when I saw Lewis with his hand on the prosecutor's coat, he said, "We will make it all the worse for you," or words to that effect—I heard the word "worse"—at the time he said that, Passenger had hold of the prosecutor's arm at the side—I saw that distinctly—at the time I came up there were no persons with the prosecutor but the prisoners, the third man had run away—the prosecutor appeared very excited and all of a tremble—he asked me to go for the police, which I did, but turned back fearing that he might get some harm, or that the prisoners might escape while I was gone—I do not think I was away from him wore than two minutes—when I returned there was a young man there with an umbrella in his hand, who is here—neither of the prisoners had hold of the prosecutor then—a policeman came up about four or five minutes after—when I came back I took hold of both the prisoners by the collar—Lewis said, "You had better let me go, or else we will make you," or words to that effect—I believe those were the words he made use of—I

told him it would take a better man than him to do it—I retained possession of them both until the policeman came.

Cross-examined. Q. In whose employ are you? A. In Barlin Brothers, tobacco and cigar manufacturers, West Smithfield—this was a dark night, as near as I can tell—I cannot tell whether it was rainy—I know it was rather a dark night—it was not moonlight, at all events—I went up to the spot immediately on hearing the whistle, and before I reached the place where they were, I heard a cry of "Murder," and "Police"—a few seconds elapsed between my hearing the whistle and hearing the cry of "Murder" and "Police"—I positively swear that Passenger had hold of the prosecutor's arm—I saw him with his hands on him, and they said they would make it an example to him—I cannot tell which said that—when I went away to go for the police, I desired the prosecutor not told them go—there was no one there then but the prisoners—they had hold of the prosecutor—I thought he might prevent their going away—a young man named Verey, I believe, came up—Passenger did not say any thing when I collared him—I was not before the Magistrate.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you any recollection what sort of a night it was? A. Really I have not—I have been into the country since the transaction—I went on a journey the next morning—I saw the account is the newspapers, in which the Magistrate expressed a wish that those who had seen the occurrence would come forward, and when I returned to tows I sent in my name.

Lewis, He says he had hold of me, which he had not; I did not have hold of the prosecutor by the collar, I only had hold of him by the wrist Witness. I had hold of him.





GEORGE VERRY
. I am a tailor, and live at 7, Upper Rupert-street, Piccadilly. On the evening of the 29th of September, about half-past nine o'clock, I was near the Serpentine river, and heard the cries of "Murder," which induced me to leave the path—I was coming from Oxford-street, and the cry was on my left—I ran in the direction of the cry and met a man running across the greep towards Oxford-street, directly is the path way, who I asked what was the matter—he gave me no answer, but kept running on—it was a fine moonlight night—I came up to the prosecutor, and found the two prisoners having hold of him—Lewis had hold of him by the upper part of his coat, apparently trying to choke him and Passenger had hold of his arm, but he let go his hold the moment I appeared—the prosecutor told me he had been robbed of his purse—the prisoners said they had caught him committing an unnatural offence with a soldier—I think they both spoke—I know one of them did—I cannot positively say which one it was—they said, "Look here, this is a d—s—, I found him committing s—with a soldier"—those were the words.

Q. Have you a sufficient recollection of the words to be able to say whether he said, "I found him," or, "We found him?" A. "We found him"—I am sure of that—it was said loud enough for the others to here—there were several persons round—every one there might have heard it I hit his hand with my umbrella, and told him whatever the man had done he was to leave go of him, not to choke him—he said if he did he would run away—I told him that neither party should run away, neither him nor the prosecutor, till a policeman came—some person went for a policeman—I should think before the policeman came that ten or twelve people came

up—I did not notice Mr. Fargus, not to recognise him again—I noticed Jarvis—he ran for the policeman, and they were given into custody.

Cross-examined. Q. What were you doing in the park at that time in the evening? A. I was crossing from Oxford-street to Knightsbridge—there were several people walking in that direction—they were some distance from the path—I could see several people passing each way—after the policeman came up, I went on my way to Knightsbridge—I was obliged to go on my business—I did not go to the station to make this charge. nor appear before the Magistrate—I was found out by seeing the account in the "Times," and saw there that the Magistrate regretted that no one appeared—I am a journeyman tailor, in the employ of Mr. Gould, of Parkside, Knightsbridge, and have been so about twelve months, off and on—I was never charged by the Mendicity Society, or committed by them as a vagrant—I swear that—I was taken some years ago for selling pencils in the street, being out of work—I was committed for seven days—I have never been committed since then for any thing—I was never in prison but that once—I swear that—I never went to the doors of carriages to ask for charity—I was sent to Tothill Fields prison from Marlborough-street—I do not know who by—it is four years ago—I am sure that both the prisoners had hold of the prosecutor—I am not positive whether they both spoke—there were several persons round at the time—I did not know any of them—it appeared to me that both the prisoners spoke the same words—both made the charge—I have never solicited the benevolence of anybody since four yean ago—I have not been in work ever since—I have never lived out of town—I have been out of town, but not for upwards of two years.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you before this occurrence know any thing of the prosecutor? A. No, nor of the prisoners—the only thing that induced me to appear as a witness was from reading in the newspaper the observation of the Magistrate—I am a single man.





JAMES JARVIS
. I am a master painter, and live at 27, Great Harcourt-street, Bryanstone-square; I have a shop there, and also one in Boulogne. I was in Hyde Park on the night of the 22nd of September, coming from Knightsbridge across to Cumberland Gate—I had occasion to pass the bay of the Serpentine, which is in a direct line from Knightsbridge—as I was passing that part before you come across the side where the gentlemen ride on horseback, I heard a loud whistle, and when I got to the bay of the Serpentine, I saw the prisoner Passenger running very fast towards me—(I had never seen either of the prisoners before that night)—I did not stop him—after he had passed me, I heard Mr. Bugden hallooing for help. Q. Look again at the prisoners, and see whether you are right or wrong about the person you say was running? A. I am pretty near sure I am not wrong—I knew it was the tallest of the two, because I saw them both together directly after—I saw the prosecutor at the end of the bay, a little more than half the distance from the Serpentine to the end of the enclosure, from the man I saw running—it was directly I crossed the ride that I saw Passenger running towards me—he turned the corner, and went round the enclosure in a direction away from where I afterwards found the prosecutor—he went round the plantation, which would bring him to the spot where the prosecutor was—that is where he returned to—it was immediately after I heard the whistle that I saw Passenger running—the moment he passed me I heard Mr. Bugden cry out, and I then ran towards where I heard the cry—I there found Mr. Bugden, and Lewis holding him by the collar

of his coat—there was one more person that just came up to him before me—I am not positive who the person was, but I believe it was the witness Fargus—I inquired what was the matter—Mr. Bugden said he had been robbed of his purse, and wanted assistance—I asked Lewis why he was holding Mr. Bugden by the collar—he said that he had been seen with a soldier, or some other person, committing an unnatural offence, and he was directed to hold him till the third person fetched a policeman, that he was gone for a policeman, but had never returned—Mr. Bugden seemed almost out of his mind—he hardly knew what he said—he appeared very much agitated—I suppose it was ten minutes or more before a policeman came up—there were a great many people congregated before a policeman could be found—Passenger went round the plantation and came back—it was not above two minutes after I came up to Mr. Bugden before he was round and back—he got back two or three minutes after I got up to Mr. Bugden—he was very quickly up—he merely went round the plantation and back again—when he came back I said, "I think you are the one that ranaway"—he said he had been for a policeman, but could not see one—I told him I had just met him running away, and J supposed he was the one that had been running—he came up to Lewis and Mr. Bugden direct, took hold of Mr. Bugden's arm, and told Lewis that he could not find a policeman—there were several people by at this time—I should say there most ban been five or six—he told Mr. Bugden that he should not go till a police-man was found—he did not say what Mr. Bugden had been doing—Lewis did.

Cross-examined. Q. How far was the man you saw running away, from Mr. Bugden at the time you met him? A. About the width of the Serpentine—he was then clear away from every body—he returned of his own accord, and said he could not find a policeman.





ROBERT BECKERSON
 (police-constable A 4.) I took the prisoners into custody—the prosecutor pointed them out to me, and gave them in charge for robbing him of a purse and 8s. or 9s., and also accusing him of an unnatural crime—he said three persons had done it, and these two held him while the third party robbed him—I searched them at the station-house, and found two keys and a knife on Passenger, and 2 1/2 d. and a knife on Lewis—it was a starlight night—the moon was not up.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you take them to? A. To Vine-street station—I there booked the charge, and next day took them before the Justice—no witness was examined there but Mr. Bugden and myself—I knew nothing of Passenger.

Lewis. Q. When you came up to me had I got hold of Mr. Bugden, or was I standing with the other people? A. If I recollect right you woe in the custody of one of the witnesses.

Lewis. I was standing with the other people, and when you came up Mr. Bugden pointed us out, and accused us of taking away his purse; you immediately took us, and asked Mr. Bugden whether he could get any of the other people to come to the office, and state what they had seen; he said he did not know, but he left to go and ask them; he then returned, and said they would not come to the office, they would not trouble their heads about it; we were given into custody, and that was enough.

Witness. Three or four persons said they saw the transaction, but in consequence of business they could they could not attend at the police-office—I believe Mr. Bugden

spoke to two or three people to come to the station, where the charge was taken, but in consequence of business they could not come to the station next morning.

COURT. Q. Are you positive that at the time you came up Lewis was in custody of one of the other witnesses? A. I am quite sure—the witness had hold of him by the back of the collar of his coat.

Lewis's Defence. I have no character to bring; I am a poor lad, a boot and shoemaker by trade, and was apprenticed to Mr. Martin, of Kingsland-road; I served him four years and a half; he died, and I returned to my mother's; I lived at my mother's at the time this happened; I was coming from the Serpentine down the walk, and saw a tallish man in a light coat, and Mr. Bugden; the tall man said to me, "Here, I hope you will stay here, and mind this man while I go and get a policeman to give him into custody, as I found him committing an unnatural crime with the soldier that is yonder;" I saw a soldier; I said if it was true of course the gentleman ought to be given into custody; he said, "If you will stay by him, I will go and get a policeman;" I took hold of him by the arm; the other man, I do not know who he was, ran across towards Hyde Parkcomer, with the intention, as far as I know, of getting a policeman; I still kept by Mr. Bugden; he pulled away to go towards the Serpentine, and said, "Leave go of me, I have done nothing; leave go of me." I said, "Sir, if what the man has said is true, you ought to be apprehended for it;" be said, "It is not true;" I said, "The man has gone for a police-man, which he would not do if you had not committed the crime;" we came on to a fence where the third man first spoke to me; I stood on the pathway with him; he still kept pulling towards the Serpentine; he said, "Let go;" I said, "Go which way you will, I intend to go with you till the other man brings the policeman to say what he has against you," but as to knowing the other man, or Passenger, I did not; I stood by Mr. Bugden, and ten or eleven people came up; a young man and an elderly gentleman came up, and inquired what was the matter; I stated the matter to them, and Mr. Bugden contradicted it, and said the man that ran away had stolen his purse; I did not believe that; the people said, "Why do you hold the gentleman, if I was him I would knock you down for it;" I said the man had given him in my charge, and it was my duty to hold him; I held him by the wrist; he staid there, it might be five minutes or more, and a policeman came up; I and Passenger were then standing in among the people; neither of us were in custody of any body; he told the policeman to take us into custody, and he took us up to Vine-street.
(Mary Wilson, broker, 33, Little Pulteney-street, and James Stanton, carver and gilder, 4, Crown-court, Golden-square, deposed to Passenger's good character.)





PETER ROGERS
. I produce a certificate of Lewis's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—I was given to understand that he pleaded guilty—I was not present in the Court—I was before the Grand Jury, and was a witness to the transaction with which he was charged—I was the prosecutor—I saw him before the Magistrate—I charged him with stealing eight pairs of ladies' fur boots—he was committed on that charge—I know him to be the party charged with that offence—he had worked for me—(certificate read.)

LEWIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Life.

PASSENGER—



GUILTY. Aged 22.—Recommended to mercy on account of his previous good character.
—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


Second Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

