



1337. 




GEORGE SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing 120 yards of web, value 10s., the goods of 



James William Chilcoat: and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN SPRATT LOCKE
. I live in Charles-street, City-road, and am shopman to an ironmonger, in Falcon-street. On the 1st of June, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, I was standing in my master's shop—I saw the prisoner and another lad—they walked up and down once or twice before my master's—they then crossed, and went on the other side, by Mr. Chileaot's✗ door—I saw the prisoner step his foot in, and take a parcel from the right hand side, inside the door—he then went down the street—I went after him, and caught him—just before I took hold of him, I saw him drop the parcel into the kennel—I took him back—I shouted after the other lad, but what became of him I do not know.





ALFRED IZOD
. I am in the employ of Mr. John William Chilcoat—he is a stay-maker, and lives in Falcon-street. On this day I saw Mr. Lack✗ run across the road—I saw the prisoner and another boy walking down the street—one of them dropped a pareel into the kennel; I took it up, and gave it to the policeman—it has my writing upon it—I can swear to it—it contains 120 yards of web, for stay-making—it is my master's.





WILLIAM GANGE
 (City police-constable, No. 122.) I took the prisoner, and have the parcel.

Prisoner's Defence. About seven o'clock that evening I walked down the street on one side, and was coming up on the other, and on the step, outside, was this parcel; I took it up, was walking away, and the witness came and collared me; I saw him run, thought it belonged to him, and dropped it, but as for stealing it, I did not: it was on the step of the door.





FREDERICK POTTER
 (police-constable G 214.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted June, 1846, and confined eight months)—I was present—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
.(†) Aged 18.—


Transported For Seven Years.

