



2602. 




WILLIAM JONES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
25th of August, 2 geldings, price 30l., the goods of 



Elizabeth Harry.






EDWARD COOK
. I am inspector of police at Hillingdon, Middlesex. On the 25th of August, I saw the prisoner near the station, at Hillingdon, riding on a gelding with a bridle and saddle, and leading another by a halter—somebody was speaking to the prisoner about buying them—he asked forty guiness for the two—a person bid him twenty-four for them—he offered to take thirty guineas—I then asked where he got them—he said he bought them at St. Nicholas fair, in Wales, on Friday, the 18th—I asked of whom he bought them—he said he would not tell me the person he purchased them of—I asked where he was taking them to—he said to London—I asked where there—he said he did not know anyplace in particular—I am sure he said he bought them on the 18th—the horses have been shown to the witness Harry, who claimed them—they were produced at the office—the owner asked the Magistrate permission

to sell them, on account of the expense of taking them home—the Magistrate allowed him to sell them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Who took the horses from him? A. I took them to a livery-stable at Uxbridge—they remained there eight days—they were brought from the stable to the Magistrate's in my presence, and given up to Mr. Harry, who appeared three days after the prisoner was taken—I wrote to him in consequence of an advertisement in the "Hue and Cry."





WILLIAM HABRT
. I live at Canton, in the parish of Llandaff, Glamorgan, and assist my mother, Elizabeth Harry, who is a farmer. I saw the two geldings at Hillingdon—one was bay, and the other black—I knew them to be my mother's—I had bought them, the bay about three years ago, and the black about a year and a half—I missed them on the 21st of August, and had seen them that day—it is usual to put them into a field at night—I know the prisoner—he lived near my mother a few years ago, and kept a public-house thirty or forty yards from my mother's—I missed the horses on the Thursday—I received a letter, went to Hillingdon, and found them—I am certain they are my mother's.

Cross-examined. Q. Did the prisoner deal in horses? A. No—I never heard anything against him—the horses were not branded—I knew them by their marks, having white legs, and being so much used to them—they worked on the farm—I ploughed with them, and groomed them myself at times—the bay horse had white legs, and the black one had one white leg—I was so used to them I knew them well, and am sure of them.





WILLIAM GEDDERIDGE
 I am a farmer, and live at Canton. I had seen these two geldings in the possession of Mrs. Harry—I have known them about two years—I am quite sure I saw the same at Hillingdon—I saw them, on the 22nd of August, in the Salt-marsh—I know the prisoner—I saw him at Cardiff, about a mile from Canton, about three weeks before I saw the horses at Uxbridge.

Cross-examined. Q. Is the Salt-marsh a common? Q. No; it belongs to a great many landholders—it is fenced in by the different proprietors—there is a field which is mine, between it and the common—the Salt-marsh has one fence all round—it is one piece of land—the horses were not marked—I was certain of them when I saw them at Uxbridge—I know them by working them, and have not the smallest doubt of them.
(The prisoner received a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Ten Years.—Parkhurst.


