




1182. 




JOHN MACKENZIE ELPHINSTONE
, was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of March, at 
St. Marylebone, 3 coats, value 15l.; and the skirt of a riding-habit, 5l.; the goods of 



Alexander Cameron, in his dwelling-house.






HARRIET HONEYSETT
. I am in the service of Mr. Alexander Cameron, of Beaumont-street, Portland-place, in the parish of Marylebone—it is his dwelling-house. On the 8th of March, about eight o'clock in the evening, there was a knock at the door—I found the prisoner there—I am quite sure of him—he asked if a gentleman named Aspinade lived there—he said he had brought a note for him—I asked where he brought it from—he said, from Clapham-rise, and he would wait for an answer—I took the note up with me, leaving him in the hall—I went up to Colonel Aspinade, who lodges in the house—he opened the note—I did not wait till he had read it, for as I opened the drawing-room door I heard the street door slam—I found it shut, and missed from the rail three cloaks and the skirt of a lady's riding-habit—they were worth 20l.—they have not been found when I tried to open the street door I found a string attached to the railing, which prevented it opening wide—we managed to get through—this is the note—(the note purported to come from John Young, of Clapham-rise, making inquiries respecting the character of a servant.)

Prisoner. Q. Did not you say at the station you was not exactly positive I was the man? A. The collar of your coat was up; I said, to the best of my recollection, you was the man; but when your collar was down I was certain of you—I have not the least doubt of you.





ROBERT LISTER
. I am a policeman. I was present when the witness saw the prisoner, with two others—she pointed him out without any suggestion.

Prisoner's Defence. I was out of town at the time this happened; I was placed in a cell, with two persons wearing jackets; if it had not been intimated by the policeman that I was taken on a similar charge, and had a blue coat, I should not have been identified; fourteen or fifteen females came to identify me.

H. HONEYSETT
re-examined. They did not say he had worn a blue coat—I had given a description of him, and the policeman, who came to our house said they had a man answering my description.




GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
