







735. 



JOHN PHILLIPS, alias
 Neal

, 




GEORGE PHILLIPS, alias
 Johnson

, 




THOMAS JACKSON, alias
 Sidney Hall

, 



MARY ANN ALLEN
, and 



ELIZA BROWN



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Raven, and stealing therein 1 scent-case, 1 scentbottle, 2 spoons, 5 pieces of silver coin, 4 pieces of foreign silver coin, value 1l. 18s., 14 shillings, 30 pence, and 20 halfpence, his property; and 1 cost, 1 eye-glass, 1 ring, and other articles, value 4l.; the goods of 



Robert Turnbull; John and George Phillips and Jackson having been before convicted.


MR. COOPER
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY RAVEN
. I am a surgeon, at 18, Hunter street—I have a surgery attached to my house on the ground-floor in East Compton-street, in the parish of St. Pancras. On the night of 27th Jan. I was the last person up—I west into the surgery and observed that all was right there—I saw the window was closed with three fastenings, one at each side, and one in the middle, closing with a spring—the shutters push up in three parts, one above another—the two upper ones were up, the other was down—a Venetian blind falls between the window and the shutters—the window appeared to be fastened as usual—I went to bed about twelve o'clock, and was called up about four in the morning—I made an examination with Sergeant Boardman, and missed from the shop the till, which had about 10s. in it—I found the surgery shutters disarranged, the house was broken open, and the property mentioned in the indictment was gone—the prisoner John Phillips was is my service as errand-boy—he came as usual at eight o'clock in the morning, and I observed to him that a robbery had been committed—I sent him for a policeman, and gave him into his custody—the policeman asked him when he slept that night, and he said, with his brother—he did not say where that was.

John Phillips. Q. Did not you have a good character with me? A. Yes; I never found anything dishonest in you while with me.





GEORGE BOARDMAN
 (policeman, E 16). I was called to Mr. Raven's on 28th Feb., and took John Phillips into custody—I asked him where he lodged—with some reluctance he said he had been lodging with his brothers—he could not tell me the number of the house, but he said he would show it me—he took me to 2, Paradise-street, Gray's-inn-road—we got there between eight and nine—I left him in charge of Harris, who accompanied us, and I went into the first floor back room, and there saw Brown sitting on the bed dressed, and Allen lying in bed with her clothes on—Harris then brought up John Phillips—I made a search; and while so doing, I saw Allen endeavouring to conceal something—I seized her hand, and in it found two gold pins, nine pieces of coin, a gold eye-glass, a gold ring, and a silver scent-box—when we had been there ten minutes or a quarter of an hour Jackson came in with three loaves of bread and some butter; Harris searched him in my presence.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN
Q. The females are both unfortunate girls? A. Yes.

John Phillips. I did not tell him I slept with my brother; I did not know where he lived till the policeman took me there. Witness. I should not have known where to go if he had not taken me.


George Phillips. He knew before where I lived. Witness. I did not.

MR. RAVEN
re-examined. The things produced are mine.





EDWARD HARRIS
 (policeman, E 17). I went with Boadman to Paradise-street, and held John Phillips before going up-stairs—I afterwards took him in, and found the two females there—I found eleven keys, three of which are skeleton, and the others are filed up and roughly finished, in this handkerchief—I afterwards took Jackson into custody, searched him, and found on him a small box, containing 3s. 4d., and Is. and a halfpenny in his pocket—I found this coat (produced) on the bed in the room.





WILLIAM HARRIS
 (policeman, N 12). On 29th Jan. 1 went to Manning's Coffee-house, Maiden-lane, King's-cross, and found George Phillips in bed there—I told him I wanted him for a robbery at the house where his brother had been living servant—he said that he intended to give himself up to clear the two dolls, meaning the girls, for they had nothing to do with the robbery, but he would jump his young brother's guts out, as soon as he got near him, fur giving information; if he got settled, and got in the dock by him, I should see what be would do to him—settled means transported—I have frequently seen George Phillips ten or a dosen times of a night, and have seen him with a handkerchief similar to this in which the keys were found, I have no doubt it is the same—I have frequently seen Jackson and George Phillips go into the house in Paradise-street, and seen them come out again—George Phillips lived with Allen; and Jackson, whose right name is Sidney Hall, lives with Brown—I have never seen John Phillips go to the house.

George Phillips. You said, "I want you for your brother's case," and I said, "I know nothing of it;" and you said directly, "Your brother has told me of it." Witness. I did not—Mr. Manning was present, and you said to him, "Was I not coming to give myself up"—you did not say," If my brother has told any lies about me I shall jump his guts out"—I have no doubt this is the handkerchief I have seen you wear.

Q. You told the Magistrate that you heard the robbery was going to be committed on the Friday, and that you told Sergeant Boadman to go and search my house? A. I told the Magistrate that I had information on Saturday morning, the 27th, that I had heard that you had said in the coffee-shop that you had been to a place where your brother was living to do a job, but you had been crabbed, for your brother had not unfastened the window, but you would do it another night—I immediately gave information at the different police-stations, as I did not then know where your brother was living—the Magistrate did not ask me who had given the information.





WILLIAM LAMBOURNE
 (policeman, N 489). I was on duty at Battle-bridge, on 28th Jan., about ten minutes passed three, I saw four of the prisoners together going towards Gray's-inn-road, towards their own house, and towards Compton-street, too—about five minutes to four I saw them again coming from King's-cross towards 3, Maiden-lane, where I saw George Phillips and Jackson enter.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know Paradise-row? A. Yes; it is about 200 yards from where I saw them—Compton-street is nearly a quarter of a mile off—they were going towards Gray's-inn-road.

John Phillips. Q. I was not with them? A. No.

George Phillips. Q. How do you know the time? A. By the clock and by my walking—it was about ten minutes past three—Brown and Allen had bonnets on—I did not see any other girls in the coffee-shop—I swear they are the two—I knew them well before.






ROBERT TURNBULL
 I am assistant to Mr. Raven. I was in the shop or the evening of 27th, and observed that John Phillips, who was the errandboy, was a long while putting up the shutters; he was much longer than usual—I asked him what he was about—he said, merely putting up the shutters—I felt a draft from the window about half-past seven, and thought it was open—John left at about ten o'clock—this coat (produced) is mine—it was hanging up in the surgery that night, and was gone next morning.

John Phillips. Q. Did you see the window open? A. No; I believe you lifted it up and closed it again—I did not examine the shutters after you put them up—the window would not stop up unless you held it, or put something to fasten it up—when you lifted it up I said, "What are you about," and then I heard it close again as I thought, and you put up the shutters—I was in the shop at the time—the shop-door was closed, the draft could not come in there.





ANN ELIZABETH RAVEN
 I am the prosecutor's wife. I had a workbox up-stairs with some money in it, among which were several new shillings, dated 1845 and 1846—these coins found on Jackson are very much like those I had.

Jackson. Q. Are they yours? A. To the best of my belief—I cannot swear to them, but I had some of that date.

John Phillips's Defence. I deny the charge; I am as innocent of it you are, my Lord.

George Phillips's Defence. The policeman swears I lived in this house where the property was found, and the landlady was before the Magistrate and stated there were a quantity of chaps came to see two females; she was then asked whether she had seen me; she said once, and that was that day week, and she had not seen me since; Harris has known me for some time; he has warned me several times for different things; he threatened he would have me whether he could get me or not; I have been doing the best to get my living; I did not say I would give myself up to acquit the two dolls; I told him I knew nothing of the case; I did not live with either of the girls; 1 lived at Westminster till the day I was taken; I never slept at the house a whole night, since I knew the females.

Jackson's Defence. I only knew Brown two or three weeks previous to the robbery; I visited the house once or twice, and the last time was a week previous, I generally took things for breakfast; the money found on me was my own.





ELIZA GRANDY
 (examined by George Phillips.) I am the landlady of the house, and live next door—I have seen you in the house twice—the last time was the Monday before the robbery, the 22nd—I let the house to lodgers, working-men—the two females lived in the back-room—I let it to them only.

MR. COOPEE. Q.
YOU are not always looking out at your door? A. I have been ill for some time, and confined to my bed, and therefore I could not see who went in or out, and my husband has been in the country.





WILLIAM HARRIS
. re-examined. Jackson had not lived long with Brows—a man named Smith previously lived with Allen, and Phillips took her away from him and took her to Westminster—they were there three days and then came back to the same house—he lived with Brown previously.





WILLIAM HARRIS
. (re-examined). I produce two certificates of George Phillips's conviction—I was present—he is the same person—(read Convicted June, 1848, confined six months; also, George Johnson and John Neal, convicted July, 1847, confined six months.)





HENRY EDWARDS
 (policeman, S 128). I produce a certificate—(read—Sidney Hall, convicted 26th Oct., 1847, confined six weeks)—I was present at the trial—Jackson is the person.


JOHN PHILLIPS, ALLEN, and BROWN—


NOT GUILTY
. GEORGE PHILLIPS—


GUILTY
 Aged 19.

JACKSON—


GUILTY
 Aged 19.





Transported for Ten Years.

