





1477. 




JOHN BRAMLEY
, 




DANIEL DOCRA
, and 



WILLIAM ELEY
, were indicted for

 stealing 1 bale of flannel, value 50s.; 25 flannel shirts, 50s.; and 1 canvas wrapper, 6d.; the goods of 

our Lady the Queen.


MESSRS. GODSON
and
FCTERSDOEF
conducted the Prosecution.






ELEANOR JOHANNA DINNY
. I am matron of the hospital at Woolwich. I attend entirely to the linen and bedding stores, and the flannel—I received a bale from Deptford on Tuesday, the 26th of May—it was in a wrapper—it was delivered to me, and I had it placed in the store-room—it is my duty to keep the key of that store-room—I saw the bale safe on the following Friday evening, obout eight o'clock—I left the windows of that room all safe that night—they were shut down, but not fastened—I locked the door, and put the key in my pocket—I we to the room again about eleven o'clock on the Saturday morning—the door was still locked—I unlocked it, and wont to one part of

the room, and on turning round I saw some spots of candle-grease on the floor—I spoke to the surgeon, and asked him to come in—I found one window was a little way open, about one inch—I found some matches in the room and the bale was gone—the store-room is on the first floor—the window is eight or ten feet from the ground—the bale contained twenty-five flannel shirts—they formed a part of the stores.





BERNEY VARLO
. I am an officer of the Royal Marines; my quarters are in Francis-street, Woolwich, facing the new barracks. From my quarters I can see any person passing within the walls of the barracks—it is only the width of the road, about thirty feet wide—I could see over the fence—the wall is not yet erected—on Sunday night, the 31st of May, I saw the prisoner Bramley within the barrack, about a quarter before ten o'clock—I knew him well—I saw him pass along within the fence, and go to the Commandant's house—he went to the cellar of the Commandant's house, which is below the building—he came up again, and left the barrack-yard for a short time—he then returned, and I particularly noticed him—he went to the corner of the wall with a bundle which looked to be light, and while I was giving information to a policeman the bundle was thrown over the wall, but it lodged on the wall for a second or two, and was pulled down by a party on the other side, whom I could not see—I directed the policeman to go up the lane, which would lead to the other side of the wall—I went into the barrack-yard myself, and saw Bramley coming towards the guard-room—I said, "You are the man I want"—he made no reply—I lodged him in the guard-room—the policeman Coglan afterwards pointed out a spot to me on the other side of the wall, that corresponded with the spot where I saw the bundle thrown—there was only the thickness of the wall between—it was just on the other side of the wall—the prisoners are all marines, and had been absent from barracks—Bramley had been discharged from the hospital about two o'clock on the Friday, and had been absent from barracks from the Friday afternoon, and the other two prisoners had been absent from the Friday morning.

Bramley. Q. I wish to know how you can swear to me at a quarter before ten o'clock at night, at fifty yards off? A. It was not more than thirty yards off, and I never lost sight of you for two minutes—it was quite a clear night.





JEREMIAH COGLAN
 (police-constable R 192.) I was on duty on the 31st of May, about half-past nine o'clock—I received information from Mr. Varlo—I went down by the private road by the side of the barracks—when I got there I saw Docra and Eley standing close to the fence in the lane—I did not see them do anything—I told them to consider themselves in my custody—they stood mute for a moment, and asked the reason I took them—I told them I received information from a gentleman on the opposite side that they were in the act of throwing some property over the fence—the moment I said that, Eley turned and ran away—I had hold of Docra—he asked to be allowed to go by my side, so that no person would think he was a prisoner—I let him go, and he ran away—I pursued, and soon overtook him—I pointed out Eley on the parade, and took him into custody on the following morning—I pointed out the spot where I saw Docra and Eley to Mr. Varlo and to Sergeant Parry, and I saw Parry find some flannel shirts inside the fence of the reservoir, within a yard or two of where the prisoners had been standing, about half-an-hour after they were taken—the reservoir fence is on the opposite side of the lane—the wall is on one side, and the fence on the other—Mr. Varlo pointed out the spot to me where he saw Bramley, and that corresponded with the spot where I saw the other prisoners on the other side, and also with the spot where the flannel shirts were found.






JAMES PARRY
 (police-sergeant R 8.) On Sunday night, the 31st of May, I went down the private lane between the reservoir fence and the brick wall, about ten o'clock—Coglan pointed out to me a spot where he said some per-son had been—I examined the reservoir field, and found these eight flannel shirts tied together by the sleeves—the fence between the lane and the reser-voir field is about four feet high—I produce three other shirts which I got from Dennison, and three from Cahill.





MARIA WEST
. I reside at Woolwich. I saw Bramley on Saturday night, the 30th of May, alone—I was with a sailor, coming down the street—I am known by the name name of Norfolk at Woolwich—Bramley came and said, "Norfolk, would you mind doing me a favour?"—I said, "What is that?"—he asked if I would sell a flannel shirt for him—I said, "I don't mind, if it don't get me into any trouble"—he said, not the least, what trouble there was he would take upon himself—he then unbuttoned his jacket, and took out one flannel shirt—I did not see the shirt at all till he unbuttoned his jacket—I went into Mrs. Cahill's shop, and asked her to buy it—she asked whose it was—I did not like to say it was the marine's, and I said it was the sailor's that was with me—she gave me 1s. 4d. for it—I came out and gave the money to Bramley, who was standing just outside the shop door—he then asked if I would go in and sell another—I said I did not like, I was afraid I might get into some row—he then asked the sailor if be would—he said he did not mind if he did not get into a row—Bramley then unbuttoned his jacket a little higher up, and pulled out another flannel shirt, which he gave into the sailor's hands—the sailor went with it, into the same shop—he came out again, and gave 1s. 4d. into Bramley's hand—Bramley then asked the sailor if he would mind selling him another—the sailor said he did not mind if it did not get him into a scrape—Bramley said, not the least, there would be no row about it—he said they were his own, his mother had sent him them for him to go to sea—he went up against the old station-house, opened his trowsers, and took out another flannel shirt—he gave that third shirt to the sailor—I saw the sailor go to the same shop, and he brought out 1s. 4d. and gave it to Bramley, and Bramley gave the sailor 1d.—we then parted—next morning, (Sunday,) Bramley came to my bed-room window, between seven and eight o'clock, and asked how I was—I told him I had got a headache—he asked if I would have something to drink—he put his hand against his trowsers pocket, and said he had got plenty of money—he told me not to say anything about what happened on Saturday night—he then went away—I have since then been ill-used by some of the men in the barracks—I have a black eye.





CAROLINE CAHILL
. I keep a clothes-shop at Woolwich. On Saturday night, the 30th of May, Maria West came to my shop, and brought a flannel shirt—she asked if I would buy it—there was a sailor with her—I asked who it belonged to—she said to the sailor—she said she wanted 1s. 6d. for the shirt—I gave her 1s. 4d., and she went away—the sailor then brought two other shirts, but West was with him—I gave him 2s. 8d. for them—I kept the shirts separate—I put them on a shelf, and gave them to sergeant Parry.





ISABELLA DENNISON
. I am the daughter of John Dennison; he keeps a clothes-shop in High-st., Woolwich. On Saturday evening, May 30 about eigbt o'clock, the prisoner Docra came and asked for a lodging—I said I had a lodg-ing—he went away, and came again about nine o'clock—he went down into the kitchen—I went down a good bit after him, and he asked me if I would buy three flannel shirts—I asked him if they were his own—he said they were, and his mother sent him the money for them—I gave him 2s. for them—he then left, and came in about eleven o'clock—he had his supper, and went to bed—he had lodged there on Friday night—he lodged there on Saturday

night, and went away on the Sunday morning—I took the shirts up stairs, and put them on the shelf—they remained in my possession till the Wednesday afterwards, when I gave them to sergeant Parry—Docra had been to our house before.





WILLIAM CONGLIN
. I am a labourer, and live at Woolwich; I am em-ployed at the new barracks. I found this wrapper opposite the officers' quarters, and gave it to the sergeant on duty—I showed the spot where I found it to Mr. Varlo—I cannot exactly tell when I found it—it was in June—I did not hear of the prisoners being taken up—I heard there was something lost—I cannot say how long it was after I heard that when I found this wrap-per—it was more than a fortnight perhaps—there was some brown paper on the wrapper—I gave it up the minute I found it.





BERNEY VARLO

re-examined. Conglin pointed out the spot to me about ten days after the robbery.





JAMES NELSON
. I am employed in the medical-store department in the Victualling-yard, at Deptford. This wrapper was part of the stores there—I saw it last on the 21st of May—when goods are packed the wrapper is always marked with the quantity of things which it contains—this wrapper con-tained twenty-five shirts—there were 200 shirts sent to be packed, and there were twenty-five in this wrapper—I think there were four twenty-fives and two fifties—this wrapper is marked" 25 flannel shirts," and marked with the broad arrow—this was put into the transit-store, ready to go by ship, and it was shipped two days afterwards on board the marine hoy, for the Marine In-firmary at Woolwich—I have been in the habit, from time to time, of seeing the flannel shirts—I am acquainted with the make and quality of them—these shirts appear to be the usual make, texture, and quality as there are now in store under the same contract.

Docra. Q. Can you say that these are the same shirts that were in that wrapper? A. No; but they are the same sort—I cannot swear these shirts came from the Victualling-office, but I can swear the wrapper did.





WILLIAM FEATHERSTON
. I am a bricklayer, and live at Woolwich. I found a bundle in the area of the officers' quarters, at the new buildings in the new barracks—I told the foreman, and he told me to put it back in the same place, and he would fetch the hospital sergeant—he fetched him, and I returned and picked up the bundle from where I found it at first, and gave it to the sergeant—this is it—it contains nine flannel shirts—I found this bundle about ten yards from where the wrapper was found, near the house adjoining—the bundle was tied up tightly, and a parcel of shavings over it—I was at work, and trod on the shavings—I felt something hard, and found the bundle.

Docra. Q. Is not that place frequented by any of the workmen? A. Yes—I cannot say whether it might have been put there by them, and put under the shavings—I cannot say whether it could have been there thirty-four days—I found it on Saturday week, the 27th of June.





GEORGE RIDGLEY
. I am a sergeant of marines. The master stone-mason sent for me on the 27th of June, between one and two o'clock—I saw the bundle in the area, close to the Commander's new house—it contains nine flannel shirts—I have had the care of them ever since, they have been in the hospital stores.





ELEANOR JOHANNA DENNY

re-examined. These eight shirts are all the same make—these three, found at Dennison's, are of the same make as the eight in the other parcel—one of them is not the same make—the others are—the buttons are the same—these three, found at Cahill's, are exactly the same make—these found in the shavings are all of the same make—the buttons

of all are the same sort, and the pattern is every way the same, but the make of one is not so good, as if sewn by a different hand, but it is the same pattern and the same description in every way—while I had the bale it had a wrapper on—this is the wrapper—I can swear to it—it had the marks on that I see here—here is "25 flannel shirts, hospital service"—here is the broad arrow, and "D V Y, 1846 on it"—I can swear to it.

Docra. Q. Will you swear this is the wrapper that contained these flannels? A. It is the wrapper which contained the flannels lost—it was marked as this is—I am not aware whether other wrappers are marked the same way.

MR. GODSON. Q. Had you any other wrapper of this kind at that time in store? A. No—no other on the night between the 29th and 30th of May.

COURT. Q. Any bale coming in 1846, with twenty-five shirts in it, would have the same marks as this? A. Yes, but at that time I had no other there—this wrapper has May on it; but any bale coming in May, with twenty-five shirts in it, would have the same mark—I do not give the shirts out without an additional mark of the broad arrow on them—they are for the aw of the patients in the hospital—when I have given out the shirts, the wrapper is given to the charge of the sergeant of the hospital, who has to I return them.





JAMES NELSON

re-examined. The marks on this wrapper are—(reads—"On Her Majesty's service, Captain Varlo. A O, (meaning Admiralty Order,) 11th of May, 1846")—the Admiralty order was on the 11th of May, and D V Y is for Deptford Victualling-yard—it came by Admiralty order, 1846.

Bramley's Defence. I went to the barracks to see a comrade on guard, to get some money of him; I was in the new barrack-ground, and Mr. Varlo detained me; I thought it was for being in this dress; I thought it was for being absent; is it not possible that that woman is telling a lie about me, when she stated to the woman that a sailor gave her the shirts? do you believe this jacket of mine would contain two flannel shirts under it?

Docra's Defence. We are indicted for stealing twenty-five shirts, and there are only twenty-three; I was going on the Sunday night to the barracks; Coglan said, "I am come to take you in charge;" I thought it was to take me to barracks; Eley was with me; he ran away, and the officer took my jacket and ripped it up; I said, "Let me go, and I will go with you;" he did, and I ran away, certainly; I deny any knowledge of Den-nison, or selling her any shirts.

BRAMLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 31.

DOCRA—


GUILTY
. Aged 33.





Transported for Seven Years.


ELEY—


NOT GUILTY
.
