





101. 




SUSANNAH COOK
 and 




THOMAS MAIERS
 were indicted for

 stealing 23 paintings, value 20l., and 9 painting-frames, 50s.; the property of 



Richard Gale, the master of Cook; and 




JOSEPH ROWLAND



 for feloniously receiving the same: Maiers having been before convicted.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






RICHARD GALE
. I live at 47, High Holborn, and am a picture-dealer—it is my dwelling-house—I have a gallery at the back of my shop up one pair of stairs—I keep some of my pictures in that gallery—I have also a small back room up another flight of stairs, in which I keep other pictures—I was not at all aware that I had been robbed of any pictures till the 16th Oct.—I kept pictures in that room and gallery which were not immediately wanted, and I had not been up there for nine or ten weeks before I discovered my loss—Cook had been in my service for about four months, I had a good character with her, and believed her to be honest—I trusted her with the key of a door which led from the shop to that gallery—she had that key before we were up in the morning—on 16th Oct. I missed pictures from the gallery, and the room, and on the 17th Oct., I was in St. Mary-Axe, and saw a picture of a huntsman blowing a trumpet, in Rowland's shop window—I knew it was mine—I went in, made inquiries, and waited till Rowland came in—I said, "I have been robbed to a considerable extent, 50l. or 60l., if you will act straightforward, and provided you tell me the truth, and will give me every facility to find the person you bought them of, and will not let any person know of the robbery, that I may find my property, you shall not be a loser"—I further said, "My motive in making this proposition is, that I may apprehend the thief, and if I discover more of my property elsewhere I may claim it," but he mentioned the robbery directly to other people, he broke the promise directly—he said he had purchased the pictures of a person who gave the name of Falk, who was introduced to him by a Jew that he knew very well, and from whom he had often purchased pictures—I wrote down an address which he gave me—I found two more of my pictures in his window—I then asked permission to look round his shop—I found as many more pictures as made up fifteen or sixteen—these are them (produced)—here is one, which is a cattle picture by Lister—he is a well-known artist, whopaints inferior pictures at moderate prices—I had seen Rowland on the subject of this picture at my place—he offered me a sovereign for it, and said he would give me a sovereign a piece for as many as I had of that artist—that was at my own place five or six months ago—after my conversation with Rowland

I told him I should put it into the hands of the police. and I told him to let the pictures remain where they were till I came back with the officer—I went aways—I left four on five of the pictures in the frames in which they had been taken from my house and where I returned in two hours, or two hours and a haft, with the policeman. I said to Rowland, "Where are the pictures that I saw here this morning, they have been removed out of the shop, the frams are here, but the pictures are gone?—he asked me to repeat the promise I had made in the morning, in presence of the policeman—I did so—he then said, "Now I will produce the pictures"—he went to the hack premises, and produced the fifteen or sixteen pictures that I had seen in the morning—three or four smaller pictures had been taken out of their frames—"The Huntsman" was not—the policeman told him the pictures must be restored to their frames—he did not restore the person of whom he had purchased the pictures—he said of a young man about five feet eight or tune inches high, with a light complexion, and a moustache—he said he had given the name of Falk, that he was related to Mr. Falk of Oxford-street—he was then cautioned to keep the pictures, and I and the officer left—before I left I found about half a dozen more pictures, as many as made up twenty-two—on Monday morning, 23rd Oct. Maiers was taken into custody, and on the same day I gave Cook into custody—on the day after Rowland had been given into custody, I found at his place three other pictures—that would make twenty-five—I found no others that I could swear to—just as I had found the other three pictures, Rowland came home—he had been admitted to bail—he produced the duplicates of nine paintings which had been stolen from me—I saw them at the pawnbroker's, at the police-court, and they are now here—in answer to a question, he said he had no duplicates—he then said, "I recollect I have some"—he produced the duplicates, and said, "I bought them of a man, but I had forgotten the circumstance"—I had told him that Maiers was in custody—the duplicates I found in his possession produced the pictures I had lost—I have lost altogether 110, or 120, worth 120l. or 130l.—they had nearly emptied the room, and the gallery beside.

Croos-rxammetl by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You have some very good painting? A. I have none very valuable—forty or fifty pictures were found—some of them I had put away—I thought they had been seen too long—tins picture to the man blowing the trumpet is by George Haynes—this cattle Lister's. he paints a are it many of these pictures, but I never saw two alike—he has painted for me for several years—I never knew him to paint two alike—Rowland said he would give me a sovereign for this—I gave two for it—I did not show him any othei—the same artist has done pictures for the Art-Union for twenty or thirty guineas—they are the prizes in the Art-Union—I have known it to be the case, that pictures which I get painted for 25s. go there for 25l.—I should say I have 500 pictures—Rowland has a great many—I should say there were 100 in his shop, and perhaps 150 kept down stairs in a place which had the appearance of a workshop—I do not think I can pick out the nine pictures which I found, after I found the first fifteen or sixteen—some of them were small, and might have escaped his attention—I have seen him at picture sales—he buys a great many—he had not bid for the huntsman—in two or three transactions which I had with him he paid me for What he bought—he brought twenty-two pictures to Bow-street himself—the policeman told him to bring them, and he did—the cattle scene was one.

MR. CLARKSON.  Q. Did you see the clerk take down what Rowland

said? A. Yes—the Magistrate put his name to it—this is it—this other is the statement made by Maiers—(read—"The prisoner Maiers says as follows:—Let the girl be discharged, it was not her; if I am to suffer, let me do it."

Maiers. Q. Did you ever see me at your place? A. Only once—I heard the bell ring as I was coming down stairs in the morning, about a quarter before eight o'clock, and I saw you speak to Cook—I did not see her give you anything—you ire the person who was there.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. What took place? A. The bell rung, and Cook passed me and spoke to him—they were'evidently acquaintances—he then saw me, and he said, "Does Mr. somebody (mentioning some name) live here?"—she said, "No," and shut the door in his face, though they had been conversing as friends just before.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Have you a porter? A. An occasional porter—he comes to open the shop about half-past eight o'clock in the morning—that is the usual hour.

COURT.Q. What was to prevent the porter gaining access to this gallery and back-room? A. The person must have gone through the shop and through the door which leads to the passage—the porter always opened the shop at half-past eight—the middle door was always locked at niuht, and Cook had the key in the morning—the porter had no access till she let him in at half-past eight.

Maiers. Q. Did you sell any pictures a short time before we were in custody? A. Yes; not on the Friday before—I sold some frames.

COURT. Q. Did you ever sell any to Maiers? A. No; certainly not.

SAMUEL ROLFE. I am in the employ of Mr. Bunday, a portmanteau-maker, in Holborn. I have seen Maiers at Mr. Gale's shop-door twenty or thirty times—I have seen him speak to Cook before eight o'clock, in the middle of the day and in the evening, when she came out for beer—I have seen him speak to her once or twice a week—one morning, about three weeks before he was taken into custody, I saw him walk up and down close by the door two or three times, and when he got an opportunity he spoke to some one at Mr. Gale's door—it was then about half-past seven or a quarter to eight o'clock—I could not see who it was he was speaking to—I was sideways, and the person was inside the door—after he had spoken to the person, he left the door, with two paintings, one in each hand—that was prior to the shop being opened.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. What day was this? A. I did not keep it in my head—I have seen him so often—the shop opens generally about half-past eight o'clock—it is never opened before, unless the porter has to go somewhere else—I do not think I have seen it above once or twice in a twelvemonth—it was not eight when I saw Maiers at the door.

Maiers. Q. How did I carry the pictures? A. In your hands, exposed—I did not see you with any other pictures.





JOSEPH GRAY
. I live at 46, High Holborn, and am shopman to Mr. Brown, a bookseller. I have repeatedly seen Maiers hanging about Mr. Gale's shop before it was opened—I saw him for about four or five weeks before he was taken—when I have seen him go there, he has had nothing with him—I saw him on two distinct occasions go into Mr. Gale's house when the door was partly open, and come out with a picture in each hand—I met him once in Holborn, he had nothing with him, but there was a lad behind with a picture—I looked into his face, and he looked at me.





EDWARD FAULCONER
. I live in Pemberton-row, Gough-square—Maiers

lodged at my mother's up to the time of his being taken—he was in the habit of coming home with pictures. between seven and eight o'clock in the morning—he was not lodging at our place when he was taken—he left on a Monday, and on the Thursday before he. had brought pictures home in the morning.

COURT. Q. Did you notice the pictures he brought home? A. Some of them—this is one—this is another, and this is another which he had (looking at those produced).

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. He his had this one a long time? A. Yes; lour or five weeks.

Cioss-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you go to sell some? A. Yes—I do not know how manywere-sold, but he told me he was to receive 17l. for them.





FREDERICK FOX
. I am shopman to a pawnbroker, of 13, Old-street. I produce ten paintings, five of them were pawned on 2nd Oct, by Maiers, for 25s., four on 9th Oct., for 30s., and one on 12th Oct., for 30s., all by Maiers.





RICHARD GALE

re-examined. Two of these were found at Rowland's—these ten pictures are part to what I lost.





JOHN COCK
 (policeman.) I found this duplicate of the large pictures for 30s. in. Maiers' box, at his lodgings—these other two duplicates, which refer to these nine pictures, I received from Rowland.





FREDERICK FOX

re-examnwd. These duplicates, found at Rowland's, are for these nine pictures, on which 2l. 15s.—was lent.

Maiers. I did not pawn this large picture; a man pawned it, and I went into the shop and bought the duplicate of him. Witness. I am sure you are the person who pawned this one—I saw you on every occasion.





WILLIAM SMITH
 (policeman, E 30). I was taken by Mr. Gale to Rowland's—I have heard Mr. Gale's evidence—it is correct—I took Cook into custody on 23rd Oct., at Mr. Gale's—I found this letter in her box.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Was Cook there when you found it? A. Yes—the box was in her bed-room—she pointed it out as hers, and gave me the key to open it.





JAMES JACOBS
. I am a translator of languages, and live in Somerset-street. I have known Maiers about four years—I know his writing—I believe this letter to be his writing—I would not swear to it. (This letter being read, addressed Cook as "My dearest and only-beloved Susannah," and alluded to his desire to possess a keepsake in remembrance of her.)

JAMES COLEBY. I am porter to Mr. Gale. I never opened the door to Maiers any morning between seven and eight o'clock—I have seen him a number of times at Mr. Gale's door when I have been going to shut up in an evening—he came for the servant.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. What time did you open? A. At half-past eight o'clock, never above two or three minutes before—I have been there about eight, and was let in b) Cook—I then left, and went away, and trie door was shut after me.

COURT. Q. What was the earliest time you have been employed to remove goods? A. Never before eight o'clock.





ABRAHAM MYERS
. I have known Rowland about twelve years. I have a picture by Sherlock, which I bought of Rowland for a sovereign, six or seven weeks ago—this is it—it is a picture I could buy at James's for about 25s.—Sherlock paints them for about 15s.—I have bought them for the value of the canvass.

Cross-examined by
MR BALLANTINE. Q. You buy them to sell? A. Yes;

I stood at Garraway's coffee-house for thirty years—I am not a dealer in great pictures; I buy them to get a living—I get 4s. or 5s. by a picture—I know Maiers; I bought three pictures of him—pictures of this sort are awked a bout—I would sell tlm one for 25s.





RICHARD GALE

re-examined. These pictures were taken from my gallery, and wwre afterwards brought to the police-court by Rowland—this picture of "The Irishman" was not brought at all; I found it on the top of a cupboard in Rowland's house—it is a picture by Flint, and is not so valuable to me as to some others—it had the name on the back, but it has been rubbed off.

COURT. Q. Has it occurred to you to be possible that under the pretence of courting Cook, Maiers has been shown the gallery, and that he had taken an opportunity of taking the pictures unknown to her? A. I conceive it impossible, as he must have passed through a room where she was employed, and up two flights of stairs, to get to the gallery—it might have been done with one picture, but not with all.





JOHN COX
 (police-sergeant, C 12). I produce a certificate of Maiers's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted July, 1847, and confined six months)—he is the person.
(Cook received a good character.)

COOK—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury.—



Confined One Year
. MAIERS—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

ROWLAND—


NOT GUILTY
.
