



615. 




MARY ANN MARTIN



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Ann Derrett, at 
St. Marylebone, and stealing therein 1 box; 1 gown; 1 shawl, and other articles, value 7l.; of 



Matilda Baxter; having been before convicted.






MATILDA BAXTER
. I am single, and lodge in the front parlour, at 46, Molyneaux-street, Marylebone. On 5th Jan. the prisoner came to lodge in the back parlour there—on Wednesday evening, 12th Jan., about six o'clock, I locked my door, took the key down into the kitchen, and put it on the dresser—I left my things a safe in the room—I slept in the kitchen that night with the landlady, Mr. Derrett—I went into my room again, about half-past eleven the next day—I found the door locked as I had left it—I missed a dress from behind the door, and a box containing a quantity of books and linen, a Bible and Prayer-book, six large night-growns, ten towels, a quantity of night-caps and collara, a sovereign, a shilling, and a sixpence—there is a door between the front and back parlour, which was shut and bolted when I left the room—when I came back it stood half open—it had been forced—the lock was forced back and the bolt broken—I saw the prisoner next Monday, about half-past seven—she had a pair of black silk stockings, a chemise, marked "Matilda," and a pair of drawers on, all mine—all this property (produced) belongs to me.





WILLIAM BECKLEY
 (policeman, D 158.) On monday night, about half-past eleven o'clock, I took the prisoner into custody, as she was coming out of a public-house in the Hampstead-road—I told her I wanted her for robbing he furnished lodging in Molyneaux-street, and stealing a box—she said I must be mistaken in the person—I took her to the station—I afterwards received from Mr. Curtis, whose house I had seen her come from, this bag, a white veil, and the other things which I have produced—he said the prisoner had left them there—I observed the door between the two parlours in the prosecutrix's house—one of the bolts was broken, the lock had been forced, and I found a broken fork on the floor.





WILLIAM CURTIS
. I live at Quickset-row, New-road, and am a surgeon. The prisoner has been in the habit of calling at my house—she did so about six o'clock on the Monday evening before she was taken into custody—she had a child with her—she asked me if I would allow her to leave a sma parcel—she left a reticule and these other articles—she staid three or foc✗

hours, and left about half-past ten or eleven—I gave the things to the policeman.





CAROLINE PEGG
. I lodge at 46, Molyneaux-street. On the Wednesday week before this I saw the prisoner in the washhouse, about twelve o'clock, and saw her go towards her room.





MARY ANN PORTER
. I search females at the station-house. The prisoner was brought there on Monday evening—I was going to search her; she said she had nothing but her own about her—I took from her this black lace veil, a pair of cuffs, stomacher, and petticoat—she had a chemise on, marked "Matilda"—I believe she has it on now.





ANN DERRETT
. I keep the house, 46 Molyneaux-street, in the parish of Marylebone. The prisoner came to lodge there on 5th Jan.—about six o'clock on the Wednesday before the Thursday, when this was discovered, I saw Baxters's box safe in the room—the door was locked, and the key taken down to my own apartment.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me in the house on the Wednesday morning? A. No; I did not see you after the Saturday.

Prisoner's Defence. I did not sleep in the house on the Wednesday night; a young woman lodged there with me.





JOHN BAINBRIDGE
 (Policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted June, 1847, confined six months, six weeks solitary)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Justice Coleridge.

