



694. 




JANE HENLEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th of January, 1 coat, value 1l.; 1 waistcoat, value 4s.; 1 pair of spectacles, value 6s.; 1 pencil-case, value 2s.; and 1 umbrella, value 4s.; the goods of 



George Grey.






GEORGE GREY
. I have been a seafaring man, but live on my means at present. On Saturday, the 30th of January, about eight o'clock, I fell in with the prisoner—I had been drinking, but knew what I was about—I got into conversation with the prisoner, and went home with her, somewhere by the Angel public-house, I do not know where—we went to bed together—I went to sleep, and awoke about one o'clock, and missed the articles stated—the prisoner was still in bed—I asked her where my things were—she gave me very bad language—I found I could not get them from her, I called a policeman, and gave her in charge.





WILLIAM ALDOUS
. I am a pawnbroker, in Ratcliffe-highway. I produce a coat pawned by the prisoner, on the 30th of January, between six and seven o'clock in the evening.





EDWARD BOREMAN
. I am bar-man at the Angel public-house, Back-road, Shadwell. The prisoner came with a woman named Smith, and left this umbrella with me, to take care of till she or Smith called for it.





HENRY LOVE
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce a waistcoat pawned by the prisoner.





GEORGE BANKS
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner, and accused her of this—she said the prosecutor gave her leave to pledge the coat for 7s., and she gave him 3s. out of it—she afterwards said she gave the landlady 6s. out of the 7s.

Property produced and sworn to.


Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor gave them to me to pledge, and he was at the bar of the public-house at the time the umbrella was left.





GEORGE GREY

re-examined. I had not given her any money—I had 2s. 6d. in my pocket, and should have paid her in the morning—I intended to have gone away at one o'clock, but every thing I had got was taken away.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
