



1013. 




HENRY HAWTHORN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
26th of February, 5 1/2 lbs, weight of beef, value 3s., the goods of 



Ann
Goswell.






LOUISA ANN MORRISS
. I am the wife of Thomas Morriss, and live in Eaton-place, Eaton-square. On Saturday, the 26th of February, I was in Mrs. Goswell's shop, in Sloane-square—the prisoner reached his hand in at the window, and took a piece of meat from the shop-board—he ran away—I gave information, and ran out—I saw him running down the square, towards George-street—I called "Stop thief!" several times—Mr. Marchant brought him back—he had not got the meat then, but I saw grease on his sleeve, and on the hip of his coat—it was fresh grease—Mrs. Goswell said if he would bring back the meat she would forgive him—he said he would get it.





HUGH MARCHANT
. I am a greengrocer, living in Westburn-street. On Saturday night, the 26th of February, I saw the prisoner running in George-street—Morris directed my attention to him—while I was pursuing him he turned down a turning leading to a main sewer—he went through there, and I lost sight of him till he got to the other side, and he said "Catch me if you can"—I went through the water, thinking I should catch him, but I could not—I afterwards took him to the prosecutrix—the meat was found the following morning, down an area.





BENJAMIN POOL
 (police-constable B 143.) The next morning, about half-past six o'clock, I was looking down the areas in Sloane-square, and saw a piece of beef—I made inquiries, and found it did not belong to that house—I took it to the station, and found the prosecutrix had lost a piece.





JAMES BRADLY
 (police-constable B 134.) I took the prisoner on the Sunday night—he denied the charge—I made him no promise or threat but after being taken to the station he said he had taken the meat, that Buck was with him, and he did not see why he should suffer alone.





THOMAS BOTTRILL
. I am foreman to Mrs. Ann Goswell. I saw a

piece of beef on the stall-board that Saturday night, when I left, about a quarter before nine o'clock—I saw it afterwards—it was my mistress's, and was worth about 3s.

Prisoner's Defence. I never took it; and never saw any thing of it.




GUILTY
.** Aged 13.—


Transported for Seven Years—Convict Ship.
