




1061. 




JAMES BUNCHER
 and 




JOHN RILEY
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
25th of March, 1 tin box, value 2s. 6d.; 1 pair of boots, value 1l. 10s.,; 1 razor-strop, value 6d.; 1 coat, value 2l.; 1 waistcoat, value 12s.; 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; and 2 razors, value 12s.; the goods of 



John Augustus Francis Simpkinson, Esq.: 1 coat, value 2l.; and 1 waistcoat, value 1s.; the goods of 



William Clark: and 1 cloak, value 5s., the goods of 



Francis Charles Clark.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE PERRY
. I am clerk to Mr. Hyam, a Chancery-barrister, who has chambers on a third floor in Lincoln's Inn, immediately over the chambers of John Augustus Francis Simpkinson. At half-past five o'clock in the afternoon of the 25th of March, I came to my chambers—as I was going up the second flight I heard Mr. Simpkinson's chamber door slam to, and two persons running up the stairs that lead to Mr. Hyam's chambers—I went up—Mr. Simpkinson's outer door was then shut to—before I got to the landing of the third flight I saw Riley just coming down—he was on the top stair—Buncher was looking out of the staircase window of that floor—upon my being seen, Riley spoke to Buncher, and said, "I told you it was not him," or something to that effect, I did not correctly hear it—I passed them and went into my own chambers—I took some papers, and came out with them in my hand down on the second floor landing, and saw Mr. Simpkinson's outer door open, and the inner door not quite closed—the two men were then gone from my landing—about five minutes had elapsed from my seeing Mr. Simpkinson's door shut and finding it open—I then made a communication to the officer, and returned immediately—I was about the second person that went up—I was then going up the second floor staircase, and saw Stacey seize Riley, who had this red bag in his hand—we all came down together—I took the bag from him in the square—I took it to the station, and gave it to the officer—I afterwards saw Buncher in the custody of Baker—he brought him down the staircase—I saw both the prisoners searched, and some keys and other things taken from Riley—I saw the keys tried, and one of them opened the chamber doors—I went up the third flight of stairs after that, and found this other bag.






PETER STACEY
. I am a porter of Lincoln's Inn. Perry came to me—I went to the staircase of Mr. Simpkinson's chambers—when I got on the first floor, I listened, and heard a whispering, a low talking of two person, and a rattling of keys—I went up on the second floor, and found the two prisoners—Buncher was about one step higher up than Mr. Simpkinson's door, and Riley was on the first step down—Riley had the red bag in his left hand—he was coming by me—I said, "Halloo, what do you do here? do you live here?"—he said, "Yes, I live here; it is all right"—I said, "I know you do not; you are my prisoner"—I took him down stairs, and left Buncher behind—I met Baker on the first floor, and said, "There is another up stairs, fetch him down"—he went up—when I got Riley into the square, the bag was examined, and found to contain the things stated—Riley made some resistance, and tried to get away—another bag was brought down.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Who was nearest to Mr. Simpkinson's door? A. Riley—he was about the first step, and the other up higher.





JAMES BAKER
. I am a constable of Lincoln's Inn. I was called in to assist—I went up as high as the first floor—I found Buncher coming down, and I took him—he resisted—I succeeded in keeping him—he was taken to the station—one of the keys found on him fitted the door—the large key opened the outside door and the inner door of Mr. Simpkinson's chambers.





WILLIAM CLARK
. I am clerk to Mr. John Augustus Francis Simpkinson, Queen's Counsel. I went to dinner a short time after five o'clock that day, leaving the inner and outer door safe—some of these things are Mr. Simpkinson's, some are mine—this cloak belongs to Francis Charles Clark, my son, who is about twelve years old—they are worth 5l.—I do not know either of the prisoners.

Cross-examined. Q. Have the things been long under your care? A. Yes—the bags are Mr. Simpkinson's—I was absent about two hours.





THOMAS MORRIS
. I am porter in Lincoln's Inn. Mr. Perry gave me the bag when he picked it up, and I took it to the station.





WILLIAM WOOD
. My wife is laundress to these chambers—on this day I went to the chambers about ten minutes past five o'clock—I went away soon after, and locked both doors.

Buncher's Defence. I was going through Lincoln's Inn, and saw several men run up stairs—I ran up in the same way.





GEORGE PERRY

re-examined. I found the bag on the landing of the third floor after I came from the station—there was no person on the stairs when I came out with the papers in my hand—there was not a soul in the square, with the exception of myself.
(Riley received a good character.)

BUNCHER—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

RILEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—



Confined One Year.
