



498. 




ALPHONSO GIFFORD
 was indicted

 for feloniously receiving 1 watch, value 12l., and 9 spoons, value 3l. 10s.; the goods of 



Harris Watson, well knowing them to have been stolen by 



Ann Gifford; against the Statute, &c.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.






SUSAN WATSON
. I am the wife of Harris Watson, a stove manufacturer, and live at No. 36, White Cross-place, in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch. About the middle of November the prisoner, Ann Gifford, (see page 390,) came to me for a situation—we agreed on the wages—she gave me a reference to a lady, at No. 45, Northampton-square, Clerkenwell—it was at eleven o'clock precisely when she left my house, and I appointed to see her again at the lady's house, where I was going for her reference—she was to was there till I went and received her answer, on my ascertaining the truth of the reference—I went, but found no such place in Northampton-square, as she referred me to—there are but thirty-six houses in the square—I found no such person as the lady she referred me to—I returned home about half-past four, and missed my husband's silver watch from the drawing-room mantel-piece, and nice spoons, out of the plate-basket in the kitchen—they were safe when I left the house—I had given the spoons to the servant to clean, and they were placed on the kitchen dresser—I saw the watch safe on the drawing-room mantelpiece.





CATHERINE SAYER
. In November last I lived in Mrs. Watson's service. I saw the prisoner Ann Gifford when she came to my mistress in the morning about the situation—she came again, a little after three o'clock, when

my mistress had gone out—I went to the door and said my mistress was not at home—she said she had seen my mistress in the court, and she had told her she was to come and wait till she came back, and that she was to go into the same room as she was in in the morning—believing what she said, I showed her into the drawing-room, which was the room she had been in before—in about a quarter of an hour she came down into the kitchen to me, and said she could not wait any longer, for she should be too late for the train, and if she was too late for the train she would call again in the evening—I did not miss the spoons till after my mistress missed the watch—I had seen them safe when I was in the kitchen.





JOHN HARDMAN PICKFORD
. I am in partnership with Mr. Roberts, a pawnbroker in Old-street-road. I produce a silver watch, which was pledged by the male prisoner for 1l. 15s., on the 6th of December, in the name of John Gifford, No. 18, Old-street—he said it was his own watch, and that he had often had 3l. on it—he mentioned the name of Smith, a pawnbroker living close by, who had let him have 3l. on it—he came again on the 10th of December, and had 1l. 5s. more on it, making up the 3l.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. About what is the worth of it? A. I should say 4l. or 5l. in the trade—I do not think it would sell for more than that to a watch-maker, but if you wanted one made like it, it would be 10l.—I am quite certain he said he had often had 3l. on it—I had seen him before—I firmly believe he used the word "often"—I never had any doubt about it.





WILLIAM BARTON
. I am an inspector of the G division. I apprehended the male prisoner, on the 10th of December, in Aske-street, Hoxton—I searched him at the station, and found in his trowsers-pocket a sovereign, a shilling, a sixpence, three halfpence, and a farthing—I was proceeding to search his fob, when he said, "You will find nothing there but the ticket of a watch which was my father's, some tickets of some tools, and a watch-guard"—I found the ticket of the watch, which led me to Mr. Pickford's, where I found it—the male prisoner lives at No. 41, Aske-street—I have seen him in company with the female prisoner at their lodgings—he said she was his wife.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he say he had not been long married to her? A. He said they were married in December—Ann Gifford was first apprehended by another constable, and was handed over to me—she was in my custody when the male prisoner came up and asked what I was doing with her—I asked him where he lived, and he told me—he went to the door of No. 41, Aske-street, and knocked—he did so with perfect readiness—when he asked me what I was doing with his wife, I said I was a police-inspector, and she was in my custody for felony—I did not take him then, I took him three hours after, at his own house, in consequence of some other property being found—he made no objection to my searching him—he behaved with perfect readiness throughout the whole transaction—there was only the ticket of one watch in his fob—I am quite certain he said the watch had been his father's—I took no note of the conversation, but I am quite certain he said so—it was on the second occasion, when I took him into custody.

MRS. WATSON
re-examined. This is my husband's watch.

Cross-examined. Q. What do you estimate to be its worth? A. It cost twelve guineas fifteen years ago.






HARRIS WATSON
. I have had this watch about fifteen years—there is no particular mark on it—I swear to it—I know it by the outside and inside, both, and I know the maker's name perfectly well, but not the number—I have applied to the maker for the number, and he cannot give it me—I have seen it daily for fifteen years.

MR. BALLANTINE
called






GEORGE PONTIN
. I am a cabinet-manufacturer, and live at No. 4, Whitmore-row, Hoxton. I know both the prisoners—I have known the male prisoner perfectly well nearly four years up to the present time—he has been away from London about eighteen months or two years in that time—he returned about eighteen months since—I knew him before he went away, and since his return, and always knew him to be a very honest young man, and regular in his work—he worked for me nearly four months, and lived in my house with his wife.

COURT. Q. How long did he live at your house with his wife? A. Between three and four months—I had no knowledge of her previously—they left me about ten weeks ago, and were with me three or four months before that, as near as I can recollect.
(George Parsons, cabinet manufacturer, Worship-square; Richard Pearse, mechanical took maker, No. 92, Fore-street, Finsbury; James Newsom, licensed victualler; and Joseph Hodgson, turner, Holy well-row, Curtain-road; also deposed to Alphonso Gilford's good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
(There were four other indictments against Alphonso Gifford for receiving goods stolen by the prisoner Ann Gifford.)

Before Mr. Justice Wightman.

