



710. 




ROBERT KERR
 was indicted

for stealing on the high seas, within the jurisdiction of the Admiralty, 1 piece of paper, value 1d.; and 400 diamonds, 450l.; the goods of 



John Macmillan and other.—Six other COUNTS, stating them to be the goods of 



William Pailhet and others.—Nine otherCOUNTS, for stealing the said goods at 
St. Botolph-without-Aldgate.—Fifteenth COUNT for embezzling the same on the high seas.



MESSRS CLARKSON
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN MACMILLAN
. I live at Greenock. I am part owner with Archibald M'Keichine, and Mary M'Millan, or Cameron, of the barque Levenside, of Greenock—I have known the prisoner about three years—in Sept. 1844, the Levenside proceeded from Greenock in ballast—the prisoner was the master.

MR. BALLANTIONE. Q. Did you personally make the arrangements for the voyage of the defendant? A. Not exactly—I was a party to it—I wrote his instructions—the instructions were in writing—they have been sent to Scotland, but I think will be produced here.

MR. DOANE. Q. When did the vessel return? A. In Jan., this year—I had been expecting the vessel a long time previous to that—I had no infromation myself respecting the vessel—I had cause to be dissatisfied with the conduct of the master—in consequence of something that occurred, I went to Deal—I must have gone there about the 8th or 9th of Jan. in the present year—the vessel anchored in Deal roads, I think on the morning of the 21st of Jan.—I did not send anybody to her while I was at Deal—I went myself from Deal to the vessel on the morning of the 21st—when I got on board the prisoner was not there—I found the vessel in charge of a Deal boatman and the mate, no pilot—the mate is a young man, about twenty—the mate made a communication to me, in consequence of which I made a search in the captain's room—a drawer was pointed out to me—I had it broken open—I did not find any diamonds there, or any parcel at all—I found these two bills of lading in the ship's tin registry box, where the papers are usually kept—Lieutenant Ball, the superintendent of the coast-guard, was with me—this is the signature of Capt. Robert Kerr to both these documents.
(The bills of lading were here read: the first was of a consignment by Gantiaux and Palliet, of Bahia, of precious stones to the value of 2,830l. to Castello and Justiniani, of London, in a small tin box, marked "H S C, No. 344, Gantiaux and Palliet; "the second of a small parcel sealed, and marked "J H S, H. R. and Co., 345,"containing precious stones, value 450l., to J. H. Shroeder and Co., both signed, "Robert Kerr—contents unknown," and Dated 23rd Oct. 1846.)

MR. MACMILLAN. I left the vessel off Deal—I merely boarded her for a few minutes and then left her—she arrived in London somewhere about the 23rd of Jan.—on the 25th of Jan. I left London with Forrester, the officer, to go to Dover—I subsequently accompanied him to Boulogne, in search of prisoner—we went to Montreuil, which is about thirty miles from Boulogne, I think—we went to an hotel there—we did not find the prisoner there, but we waited for him, and he came there—when he came in said, "Oh, are you there, Mr. Macmillan?"—we were in the commercial or dining room—Forrester suggested that we should go into my room—we did so, with the prisoner—Forrester then asked the prisoner what he had done with the property, or words to that effect—the prisoner produced a bag out of his pocket, containing gold, and said, "That is all I have got, I have been robbed of the rest"—it contained eighty-for sovereigns, I think—he said he imagined he had been robbed coming down in the railway carriage to Folkestone from London, that a gentleman had been in the carriage with him, who went out at Ashford station, he himself went out there to get some refreshment, and immediately missed his train-ticket and money, and he supposed this person might have taken it—he was searched by Forrester in a slight manner, but not particularly—we afterwands dined—I asked him to take his dinner and make

himself comfortable—I said, "you must have been very unhappy for a long time, do endeavour to be comfortable to-night, and take your dinner"—he expressed great regret—he said, "If the other owners had been as kind to me as you have been, this would not have taken place," and he cried—after that he said, "Mr. Macmillan, I want to speak to you"—I said, "Very well, you had better retire again to my private room"—he and I went there alone—when we got there he sat down, and said, 'Will you assist me off with my boot?"—I said, "Yes"—I did so—he put his hand into his boot, produced a roll of notes, and said, "take you that"—I said, "How much have you got there, Capt. Kerr?"—he said, "200l.—I counted the notes in his presence, and found it to be so—after that, in expressing his contrition, he said, "I suppose I shall be transported fro this"—we then went down stairs and finished our dinner—I found forrester there, and handed the notes to him the first opportunity—I do not think Forrester said anything to the prisoner about the money after that—I rather think he declined treating on the subject at all—he wanted to conciliate and smooth him down, I think—the prisoner told me he had gone to a public-house called the Albion, at Wapping, where he had been in the habit of going some time previous, that he had not found the same party there that had been there formerly, that the same landlord that he had known was not there then; he said he had been taking a little grog and went to bed, that in the morning he was getting his coat brushed, and that, in order to have it properly brushed, he was obliged to take certain parcels out of his pocket, that he laid two parcels on the table, and that either Mr. Foreman or Mr. Hoare, (he did not know which,) said, "What have you got there, Capt. Kerr?" and that he said, "These are diamond;" and he remarked, "Can you sell the smaller parcel of the two for me?"—that the party replied they had no doubt they could, but if he added the larger parcel, they could more readily effect a sale by combining both parcels, and that re authorized the sale of both parcels; which I believe was effected—that was his narrative to me on the passage—he did me that a lady put about 800l. in Bank of England notes into his pocket at the public-house—I understood him to refer to Mr. Foreman, the landlady—I think he said he had got about 1100l. altogether—after our dinner at Montreuil, he said to me that he had slept at a coffee-house opposite the railway station, and that in the morning he discovered that his money was gone—that was in the steam-packet coming from Boulogne, I think—I think it was on our return from Montreuil—it was on our journey from France, I cannot say wheter it was on the steam-pocket or in the tarin—on the Tuesday morning we went on board the steamer at Boulogne—when he told me he had been robbed he said a person of the name of Foreman was with him constantly—he said he told Mr. foreman he had been robbed, that Mr. Foreman replied, "That is very unfortunate; you my suspect I am the person because I have been in your company, and I am very sorry that I have been in your company"—he asked me, "Are Mr. Foreman and Mr. Hoare in custody?"—I said I believed they were not, at which he appeared very much surprised—he afterwards said a Deal boat had boarded the ship off Folkestone, I think, fifteen miles or mid channel, and they had informed him that two gentlemen had been waiting for him at Deal for a week or more, that he asked the boatmen to describe the parties, the boatmen did so, and he said, "These are my owners, "and that he then entered into an agreement with the boatmen to land him at Folkestone, for a certain sum of money—he said the mate remonstrated, and said it was very improper for him to leave the ship in charge of a Deal boatman, who was tipsy at the time; notwithstanding that, he left the vessel and landed—he gave ad his reason that he would rather meet his owners

on shore than shipboard—that was the reason he gave to the Deal boatmen—he stated that being so sensible of his bad conduct during the voyage, and having heard his owners were waiting for him, had the vessel been going through the water quickly he should have thrown himself overboard—he did not say what he took with him when he went away—I do not remember that he stated anything more about Foreman and Hoare—nothing was said about what the diamonds had been bought for—nothing was said about his clothes.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. I suppose you have received the ordinary ship's papers? A. The bills of lading, the manifest, the register, the certificate, and all the papers, I think, with one exception—these bills of lading do not contain the whole of the cargo except these diamonds—there are various bills of lading, applying to various parts of the cargo—I have received the captain's copies of them, on which we usually collect the freight—the consignees become entitled to the delivery of the goods on payment of the freight, or previously indeed, for we generally trust them—these diamonds. Did not appear in the ship's manifest—no other articles were omitted from the manifest that I am aware of—we found the prisoner at Montreuil on Sunday evening, I think, about six or seven o'clock—we got to London on the afternoon of the Tuesday following—I think I took my meals with the prisoner during the whole of that time—I endeavoured to make him as happy as I could, I felt pity for him, I rather avoided speaking to him on the subject of the robbery—I spoke on other matters altogether—the conversation at that I have stated was all at one period—there was one conversation at Montreuil, and another on the passage home—that was not a very long one—we were shut up in the steam-boat—as far as I can recollect, those were the only two conversation I had with him—Iwas perhaps half an hour talking to him—I think I could have got through all the conversation in half an hour—he did not say he had been made drunk the night before—he said he had been talking spirits, but did not convey to me that he was the worse for liquor when he went to bed—I understood he had got it supplied to him in the house in which he was—he said that next morning some person spoke to him, Mr. Foreman I suppose—I do not remember that he said that he found Foreman in his bed-room on awaking—he said they asked him how he felt that morning—I cannot say that he left on my mind the impression that he was not out of bed when he first saw Foreman in his room—I cannot give word for word what he said—he certainly never stated that he found foreman had cut the parcel, nothing of the kind—he said that either Hoare or foreman proposed that the two parcels should go—he was exceedingly distressed and grieved at the occurrence.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you find that he abandoned the vessel, and did you get the papers from the vessel? A. I found them in the ship's cabin, with the exception of the cargo-book, which we have not found—I do not know whether they had such a book—they should have had—he said that Foreman spoke to him in the morning—I do not remember whether that was at or before the time when he ordered the tailor to be sent to him in the morning—I remember he said one of the parties said, "How do you feel this morning, Captain Kerr?" (he had not told me at that time anything about a tailor,) that he added, "I fell very ill this morning"—that he said to foreman or Hoare, "Can you sell the small parcel for me?" and then Hoare or foreman Suggested that they had better be disposed of both together; they said, "We parcels;" and then he authorized the sale.





DAVID CAMPBELL
. I was one of the mates on board the Lexenside, and

am nephew of one of the part owners. I went out with the vessel, and re-turned with her—I remember her leaving Bahia—she was caulked there—it was my duty to take an account of the cargo—I kept a book for the purpose—I was not aware before I left Bahia that there were any diamonds on board—the captain had not communicated that to me before we left Bahis, and I had no account of any diamonds—I learned it on the homeward-bound voyage—I went down into the cabin one forenood, and saw the master overhanling some papers—I happened to look over the papere, and saw two bill of lading, mentioning diamonds—they were not with the rest of the bill of lading, among the ship's papers, but were by themselves—I asked the captain why they were not put up along with the rest of the bill of lading—he said it was in case of pirates or other people coming on board; that the most likely place they would look at would be among the bill of lading and papers of the ship, and he would put them up when we got closer home, or nearer England—after he had shown me the bills of lading, he took two parcels from a drawer in the starboard side of the cabin, and showed them to me—I cannot say whether be unlocked the drawer—I looked at the parcels—one was about one foot long, and half a foot broad; the other was about half that size—there was paper out-side, which was sealed and secured—the large parcel appeared to contain some hard substance, as a tin box—it had several seals on it—I did not feel the smaller parcel—it was sealed, and in paper—the drawer was kept locked during the voyage—the prisoner kept the key—he told me the parcels con-tained diamonds—he told me where he had got them, and said the ship was to have so much per cent. for the freight of them—I remarked, "If you were to take a few out of these boxes how should the people know?"—he said they were all weighed out before him in Bahia—I remember the vessel being off the coast of Brest on our near arrival towards home—I remember two gentlemen, coming on board at Duornes, at the south-east of Brest—I saw the two parcels at that Iport—the gentlemen asked to see the diamonds—from what they said they knew there were diamonds on board—the captain produced them from the same drawer in the cabin from which he had pro-duced them to me—they were then sealed and secured as I had seen thed when we were at sea—I cannot say that I saw him replace them in the drawer in the cabin—the drawer was always kept locked afterwards, as before—I did not see them again from that time—we arrived in the Downs, on the 21st of Jan. by nautical time—that was Wednesday, the 20th of Jan., by civil time—we were boarded by some Deal boatmen, not pilots—we were then laying in the Downs, in mid-channel, between the English and French coasts—I did not hear the Deal men say anything to the captain while they were on board—it was my watch below—the prisoner came down to me, and mentioned that the owners werw at Deal, and that he had a great mind to go on shore—I said it would be better for him to stop on board—I was the next officer to him, and did not like to hae charge of the vessel unless we had a pilot on board—the prisoner went away on deck, came down below again, began to dress himself, and said he would go ashore—this was off Dungeness, about fifteen miles from the coast of Folkestone—we could see the Dungeness light—the prisoner remained below about twenty minutes, and dressed in the same cabin in which the starboard drawer was, where the diamonds were—I remember the steward coming down to the captain—I have not got the ship's log with me—I made an entry of the captain's leaving or abandoning the vessel—when he came up dressed there was a boat along-side, with the Deal men in it—he got into it, and went ashore—he left one of the Deal men, who was the worse for liquor, with us on board—next morning Mr. M'Millan, one of the owners, came on board—in consequence of not

finding the captain on board, he proceeded to examine the ship—I called his attention to the drawer of the cabin—we called the carpenter down, and had the drawer forced open—we found neither of the two parcels, only some papers—the prisoner's desk was examined, and the two bills of lading were found ther—I do not know who found them—I saw them in the hands of Mr. M'Millan.

Cross-examined. Q. Do they export diamonds at Bahia? A. I believe they do—we were touching at different ports of South America—I kept the cargo-book—it was my duty to enter everything that I knew of that was shipped, for the purpose of being freighted at London—it was the duty of those who entered anything to take care that I should know—I believe the cargobook is lost—I cannot say—I am certain there is no entry of these diamonds in it—there was no super-cargo on board—they called me mate—I acted the same as any mate acts—I am twenty years of age—I had not charge of the manifest—I cannot say whether these diamonds are entered there—there is a Custom-house at Bahia—before we left, the master was required to take the books ashore, I believe, and show them to some person at the Custom-house, I cannot say who—I am not aware that diamonds pay a very heavy duty out—I believe they do pay a duty for expotion.





WILLIAM BROWN RUFFORD
. I was steward on board the Levenside. I remember the Deal men boarding us between Dungeness light and the French coast—the prisoner asked what time he should get on shore, if he was landed at Folkestone, if he should save the train—I saw the case in which the diamonds were contained in one of the French ports, they were sealed and covered with paper as they have been described—I was in the lobby, and heard him tell Loyd's agent they were diamonds—one of Loyd's agents asked the prisoner where the diamonds were—that he said he would show them when he got on board—he took them out of the drawer on the starboard side, and showed them to him—I believe he unlocked the drawer—I only saw one parcel, it was in paper covering something square, and hard, and sealed—after he produced it they asked to see them—the prisoner said he durst not break the seals—I never saw the parcel afterwards—the prisoner asked the Deal boatmen eight or nine times whether he should be searched if he went on shore at Folkstone—he came down below and dressed himself before he went ashore—I was below a few minutes—before he left the cabin I saw him go to the starboard drawer—about seven minutes before that, he had sent me up on deck to send the Deal boatmen down, so that if disposed, there was an opportunity for him to take anything out of the drawer—he appeared to me to manifest anxiety to see the owners—directly he left the ship, Campbell put a question to me about the drawer, in consequence of which I went down to the cabin, and in Campbell's presence, tried the drawer in which the diamonds had been kept—I found it locked—it continued so till Mr. M'Millan came on board.

Cross-examined. Q. Who do you mean by Loyd's agent? A. A gentleman that came on board off Dournes—there were two of them at first—they came on board off Brest—I understand that the Consul is the proper Loyd's agent, but they were always reckoned as Loyd's agents—I know that one of them at least was on board when the box was produced.





GEORGE FOREMAN
. I keep the Albion public-house, in Lower East Smithfield. On Thursday, 21st Jan. las, about five o'clock, or a little after, in the evening, the prisoner came to my house—I had not known him before—he asked for Mr. Willett—he was known there, some persons called him by the name of Captain Kerr—next morning he asked me if I could recommend him a tailor—I said I could, and sent for a neighbour name Hoare,

who is a salesman living close by—after I said I could recommend him a tailor, he said, "Look you here, I have got some stones here which I brought home on speculation"—he showed them to me, and said he had been trading out two years on his own account—he asked me if I could sell them for him—I said I had never seen such things before, and could not sell them, but I would take them with me when I went for the tailor—I saw them—they were in a white paper parcel about half a foot long—the paper was open on the table in the bed-room, and the diamonds in it—he told me to ask 550l. for them——I went to Hoare, the tailor, showed him the diamonds, and asked him if he knew any one who would buy them, and he and I took them over to Mr. Gideon, a neighbour of his opposite—they were shown to Gideon—he sent for a man of the name of Benjamin to look at them—he came, and said he would take them into the market—he did so—I and Hoare went with him—they were offered in the market for sale, at the private Exchange—we went to one gentleman's office in the Royal Exchange—he said they would not suit him, and then I and Hoare went back to my house—I told the captain I could not get any such money for them—he said, "Well I am sorry for that, you have been gone a long time, and had a deal of trouble; there are a few for you, landlord, and a few for your tailor; take the lot and go and get what you can for them"—there were then two or three or four more small parcels on the table, all lying open, and a piece of brown paper lying underneath them—he put them to me and said, "Take them, and go and see what you can get for them"—this was about four o'clock in the afternoon—before Hoare left, he measured him for his clothes—I told him I could not go that afternoon, I would go for him in the morning if he liked—he said, very well—the diamonds that he gave me I put into my coat pocket, and Hoare did so too—he took them in his fingers and gave them to me—next morning I went with Benjamin and Hoare to Mr. Martin's, in the City, in Bucklersbury I believe it was—Benjamin proposed to go therehe said he would take them to the first-rate diamond merchants in London—Mr. Martin bought them for 1750l.—he weighed them first—he paid by cheque—I went to the bankers with the cheque with Hoare, and got 200l. in gold, and the rest in notes, which we gave to the prisoner—I told Mr. Martin who I was, and where I lived—the prisoner left my house about five o'clock on Saturday, and came back on Sunday about nine—he gave me a 30l. note, and told me that would settle his bill, and I might keep the change for myself—he did not mention the sum when he handed it to me—Hoare looked at it, and said, "Captain Kerr this is a 30l. note"—he said, "Well, that will pay your bill, and you can keep the change for yourself"—I left the prisoner that night at a coffee-shop opposite the railway station, in Shoreditch—I saw him there again next morning—he said he should not go by the train till the evening, and asked me to come and go with him—I said, "I will come if you wish it Captain—you had better come back along with me to stop, and not go down in the country"—he said he would go down for a few days or a week, and come back again—I went that evening and saw him in the train—Hoare and I put our diamonds together that evening, and I told him to go and sell them—I believe they were afterwards sold to Benjamin, but I did not go with them.

Cross-examined. Q. How much, in point of fact, did you get from Hoare, as your share of the diamonds? A. 140l., besides the 30l. note for the prisoner's board and lodging—I do not know whether that was a handsome present—if he had come back again, I should have told him what I had got for them—I should have given him back part, if not the whole, if he had wished it—I never saw any diamonds before—I considered they were like gravel—they looked as if they could be found on the beach, and could be picked up by anybody—if Mr. Martin had given me 750l., I should have taken

it—I did not know that diamonds were valuable—I could not believe they were diamonds I am thirty-nine years of—I believe some diamonds are valuable, and some not—speaking of diamonds generally, I should consider valuable articles were being spoken of—I did not suppose it was a valuable present when he took them out of his pocket and handed them to me—I found out the value of them by selling them to Blogg and Martin—we got 1,700l. odd for them—I gave the whole of the money to the prisoner, keeping nothing back—I gave him the whole of the notes, and then accompanied him to the tavern adjoining the railway-station—the tailor did not go with us—I saw the prisoner at the tavern near the railway-station, on Monday—it was not my wife that gave him the notes—she is not here—I had about half a wine-glass full of the diamonds, and Hoare also the same—I did not offer them back again when I found they were valuable—I never gave it a thought—I went to the tailor, having known him for years, to ask if he knew anybody that would buy them—I told him the captain wanted to be measured for a suit of clothes, and he had got some stones—that was on the following day, in the afternoon—when I went to Blogg and Martin's, I represented Hoare as a tailor, not as a relation of the captain who had brought home the diamonds—I will swear that—Hoare did not do so in my presence—I will swear nothing was said about his relationship to the captain—it was never said that he was cousin to the captain—I said the diamonds came from Captain Kerrmicousin, and had he used any other name, I should have given that—I did not say "my cousin," I said they came from Captain Kerrmicousin—that was the name he gave me.

COURT. Q. Did you understand "micousin" was a part of the name? A. I did—he said, "Tell him they come from Captain Kerrmicousin "—I had no reason to disbelieve him.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What time did he go to bed the first night? A. About eleven or half-past—he was not drunk—he was drunk when he came in the cab at first, but he had some tea in the bar parlour, and after that he got roused, and then went to bed—he appeared nearly drunk when he came at five o'clock—I served him with some gin-and-water after he had his tea—that was not to help him out of his drunkenness—I do not believe he had more than one glass of gin-and-water—I will swear I did not serve him with anything more—I did not see my wife serve him with any more—I went up to bed with him myself—he would not have known where to find the room, if I had not—I think he could walk up stairs—he went up, and I went up behind him with the candle—he was not leaning on me—the staircase is wide enough for two of us—nobody went up besides us—I went up to show him the room—I remained there while he undressed—I pulled his great coat off for him, and laid it on a chair—I did not find out that there were any parcels in it—it did not occur to me that there was anything weighty in it—I did not feel the weight of anything—I first went into the bed-room next morning, when he rang the bell, about eight o'clock—I swear I was not in the bed-room before eight—I did not go up till the bell rang—I have nobody but myself to go to the bed-rooms besides my wife—I have a pot-boy, but no chamber-maid—he was in bed when I went up—I came down directly—I did not go for Hoare for some time after—I did not take him up gin, but cocoa and toast—I did not go for Hoare till the diamonds had been offered in the market, I then went up to the bed-room about four o'clock in the afternoon.





CORNELIUS HOARE
. I carry on the business of a tailor, in Sparrowcorner, Minories—I was sent for to the Albion, to measure the captain for clothes—he made me a present of a parcel of diamonds, and on Monday afternoon Foreman delivered me his portion, to be sold—I offered those the prisoner gave me, and also my portion, to Benjamin, who bought them—he

agreed to give 280l. for them—he afterwards annulled the engagement—he had paid me the money—I afterwards paid it back—the diamonds have been delivered up.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you hear Foreman represent himself as the cousin of the captain? A. He represented him as "Captain Kerr, my cousin"—I did not understand that was his whole name—he told me his name, Captain Kerr—he told Mr. Martin it was "Captain Kerr, my cousin"—I got 140l. out of the diamonds—I had never seen diamonds before—I first saw them about four o'clock in the afternoon, in the captain's bed-room—Foreman took me up there—I had seen some at eleven that morning—Foreman had shown them to me.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were you present at the conversation between Captain Kerr and Foreman? A. Yes—Captain Kerr said he was to say "Captain Kerr, my cousin"—I thought that was his real name—that "my cousin" was his real name—I saw the diamonds in the Captain's bed-room at the Albion—they were loose open—I saw them in the presence of the Captain.





BENJAMIN BENJAMIN
. I am a general dealer, and carry on business at 126 Minories. I was called upon by Gideon, and saw Foreman and Hoare, I endeavoured to sell a portion of these diamonds on change—a larger portion was afterwards brought to my house by Foreman and Hoare—I accompanied them to the house of Mr. Martin, the diamond merchant, in Bucklersbury—the diamonds were weighed there—to the best of my belief, they weighed 2500 carats—it was Saturday morning, 23rd Jan.—Mr. Martin purchased them for 1750l.—I received a commission on the sale from Mr. Martin—after that Foreman and Hoare offered me some diamonds for sale to myself—(a parcel was here produced)—these are about the same quantity and appearance—I gave the same ratio as Mr. Martin bought them at, not being sufficient judge of the articles—I am not a judge of diamonds in this state—I bought them for 250l.—I sold them on the Monday for 520l., but did not deliver them, as the officer who came to me told me they were stolen—I annulled the contract and delivered them to Messrs. Oliverson and Lavie.





JOHN PEACHEY
. I am an assistant at the office of Messrs. Oliverson and Co. I received a parcel of diamonds from Benjamin on Saturday, 30th Jan.—I sealed them up in Mr. Lavie's presence, impressed them with his seal, and brought them in the same state to the Mansion-house, at the prisoner's examination, and delivered them to Mr. Goodman, the clerk to the Lord Mayor.





MR. SAMUEL ROBERT GOODMAN
. I have produced the parcels of diamonds delivered into the Lord Mayor's custody by Mr. Peachey, as being purchased by Benjamin, and returned.





CHARLES MARTIN
. I am a diamond auctioneer, and live in Bucklersbury. I remember Benjamin coming to me, in company with Hoare and Foreman, in the morning of 23rd Jan.—he offered me some diamonds for sale—they were represented as having been brought to this country by the Captain of a vessel coming from Leon, who was the cousin of one of the parties present—they wished me to look at them and make an offer for them, and I did—I said I was not desirous of buying rough diamonds, as the market was exceedingly depressed, and should do much better for them if they left them in my hands to sell on commission, than if I purchased them—they pressed me to make an offer, saying the Captain to whom they belonged had a payment to make that day, and was very desirous of selling them—if I made an offer, they were ready to accept it—they produced five or six parcels—each parcel was separately weighed and valued—the valuation came to 2050l. or 2090l.—I made them an offer of 1750l. for the whole, which, after some discussion, they agreed to accept—I gave them a cheque and they left—this is the cheque—(this was drawn on the Commercial Bank of London for 1750l.)—I produce

a memorandum which was written by Hoare; Foreman made his mark to it—(read—Jan. 23rd, 1847. Dr. Blogg and Martin. To a parcel of rough diamonds 1750l. Creditor by cash, 1750l. George Foreman, his mark, for Captain Kerr)—when this was written, it was the first time I had heard the captain's name—they had told me they brought them from a captain, from the cousin of one of them—I sold a portion of the diamonds, 1549 carats—the negociation was commenced on the same day, and concluded on the Tuesday—I had not at that time heard anything of this robbery—I sold them to an establishment at Amsterdam, at 23s. per carat, 1760l. or 1770l.—I had one parcel left, which was produced before the Lord Mayor—(looking at a parcel)—I conceive these to be the same—I afterwards found another parcel—(produced)—I handed them to Mr. Goodman.

Cross-examined. Q. These are Brazilian diamonds? A. They are from a newly discovered mine in Bahia—I am not aware that there is any export duty at Bahia.





JOHN FORRESTER
. I accompanied Mr. McMillan to Montreuil, in France, on 31st Jan. last—I went to a tavern there, to which the prisoner afterwards came—in consequence of what I had been informed, I desired the prisoner to produce any money he had—he produced a bag containing 84 sovereigns—I asked him what he had done with the rest of the money, and he said "I have been robbed of it"—I then said, "Have you got any diamonds left"—he said, I think I have got three—he put his hand into his waistcoat pocket, and produced three diamonds, which I gave up to the Lord Mayor, and saw sealed by his Lordship and Mr. Goodman.

MR. GOODMAN. I produce the three diamonds





JOHN FORRESTER
 (continued.) They are rough diamonds, at least as I am informed—the prisoner afterwards said he wished to speak to Mr. McMillan, and they went up stairs together—after they returned, Mr. McMillan produced to me some Bank notes, which I produce, in amount altogether 200l.





JOSEPH BEADLE
, I am a clerk in the Commercial Bank of London. In January last, Mr. Martin, of the firm of Blogg and Martin, banked with us—on Saturday, 23rd Jan. I cashed a cheque of Mr. Martin's for 1750l. this is the cheque I so cashed—I have a book here containing the numbers of the notes—(referring to it)—the notes produced by Forrester form a portion of the notes with which I paid that cheque.





HERMAN OTTO POST
. I am a partner in the firm of Shroeder and Co.—there are no other partners but Mr. John Henry Shroeder and myself—we have correspondents at Bahia, of the name of Gantiaux and Pailhet—Mr. Pailhet's Christian name is William—this bill of lading I received in due course of post—it has been drawn against me, and part of it has been paid.

COURT. Q. Was this a consignment to you on your own account, or on account of others? A. On account of the shipper.




GUILTY
on 5th, 6th and 7th Counts. Aged 28.




Transported for Seven Years.

