




2001. 




JAMES HUBON
 and 




WILLIAM COE



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Martha Ann Eliza Lightfoot, at 
St. Andrew, Holborn, and stealing 1 tablet, 1 thimble, and other articles, value 13s.; her goods: and 1 hat, 1 pair of shoes, and other articles, value 5l.; the goods of 



Augustus Bensback.


MR. PARNELL
conducted the Prosecution.






MARTHA ANN ELIZA LIGHTFOOT
. I keep a lodging-house in Old Millman-street, in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn—it is my dwelling-house. On 10th Aug., about ten o'clock in the morning, I missed a pencil-case and a lady's companion from a dressing-room, adjoining Dr. Bensback's room—these are them (produced)—I found some lucifers there, and a pair of strange shoes, and gave them to the constable.





AUGUSTUS BENSBACK
. I am a Doctor, and lodge at Miss Lightfoot's. On

9th Aug. I went to bed about a quarter past twelve o'clock—the house was safe as far as I know—I left some mould candles on the table—they were of the same height—next morning I missed two coats, a hat, pair of shoes umbrella, and two handkerchiefs—this coat and shoes are mine—(produced)—the shoes have been mended since.





EDWARD JOSEPH DAY
. I lodged at Miss Lightfoot's. On 10th Aug. I came home two or three minutes before six o'clock in the morning—I let myself in with a latch-key, and found on the sideboard in the passage a bed-room candlestick, with a candle for me, and another candle lying flat on the sideboard—I left it there.





SARAH ELIZABETH OLIVER
. I am in the service of Miss Lightfoot. I went to bed at about half-past eleven o'clock—the street door was closed, but left on the latch—I left a candlestick for Mr. Day with a candle in it, and some blue-tip lucifers by it—I left no mould candle by it—I got up about half-past six, went into Dr. Bensback's room, and missed a mould candle from one of the candlesticks—I found it in the passage—it was shorter than the other—all the doors and windows were secure.





FRANCIS MORRIS
 (policeman). On 13th Aug., between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, I went to 15, Fullwood's-rents, and found Hubon in bed—I asked if he knew a woman named Coe—he said, "Yes, but he had not seen her a long time"—I asked if he had ever given or sold her any duplicates—he said, "No, I swear I dever did"—I said I was a policeman, and he must go with me for a robbery—he said to his mother, who was in the room, "You know I have never committed a night robbery; you know I have been in bed every night by ten o'clock"—I had not said anything about a night robbery, or any one else—I asked what he meant by alluding to a night robbery, as I had not mentioned it—he said I had, but he knew nothing about it—I found three duplicates, and a quantity of red-tipped matches in a dish-cover hanging against the wall—I received these similar matches from Miss Lightfoot—the prisoner said a man, who he did no know gave him the duplicates—by the time he was dressed, he had these shoes on—(produced)—I asked where he got them—he said he bought them in Petticoat-lane, but he did not know the man, and had had them mended since—I took him to the station, and told him he was charged with a burglary at 7, Millman-street, and the shoes he had on were the produce of the burglary—he said, "I don't see why I should suffer more than others"—I found 13s. 8 1/2 d., and a latch-key on him, which will not open Miss Lightfoot's door—on 21st Aug., between five and six o'clock, I went to Martin's-buildings, Wandsworth, knocked at the door and saw Coe—I said, "Your name is Coe, is it not?"—he said, "No, sir, it is not"—I said, "I believe it is"—he denied it—I said, "You are the man I want, whether your name is Coe or not"—I said, "Hubon is in custody for a burglary, and I have found some duplicates on him; he says he received them from you"—he said, "I know nothing about it; let me go; indeed I don't"—he said all he knew about it was, he had met Hubon one morning, and he asked him to pledge a coat and pencil-case, which he did in Barbican, and gave Hubon the tickets and money—I said I had been looking for him a long while, and had ascertained that he had left London—he said he had not left London in consequence of the robbery, that it was his intention to appear at the Police-court, as he had heard he had been implicated in the affair by Hubon—I said to Hubon at the station, "You ought to have some shoes to put on"—I put him on those found at the house—they fitted him exactly.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Was it not that he heard his nam

had been implicated, and he had not left London in consequence? A. Yes—it was Coe's wife that gave me the information.

Hubon. Q. Did not you say to me, "You are charged with a robbery, committed the other night?" A. No—I saw the shoes before you were dressed, but waited till you put them on.





WILLIAM BOLTWOOD
. I am in the service of Mr. Cotton, a pawnbroker, of Sboreditch. On 10th Aug., about twelve o'clock, Coe pawned a pencil-case in the name of John Eve—I asked whose it was—he said, "My own, I gave 8s. 6d. for it"—a female presented the ticket in the evening—this is it—(produced)—in about half an hour Hubon pledged this ladies' companion—I asked where he got it—he said be bought it at Margate for his sister, and gave half-a-guinea for it.





ROBERT UPSALL
,. I am a pawnbroker, of Barbican.—I took a coat in pledge on 10th Aug.—this is the ticket of it found on Hubon.

Hubon's Defence. If I had committed the robbery I should not have kept the boots eight days; they did not fit me.
(Coe received a good character.)

COE—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.


HUBON—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

