



2561. 




FREDERICK HOLMES
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
24th of April, 1 bill of exchange, for 11l. 16s., the property of 



Ann Elizabeth Norton, his mistress.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.






ANN ELIZABETH NORTON
. I received this bill from a customer named Dowell—the prisoner was in my service—I placed this bill in an iron safe on the 18th of April, till I had more, to go to my banker's—the prisoner had access to that safe—I missed it on the 2nd of May—I asked him where it was—he said he did not know—I am sure of that—I told him I missed it—I made inquiries in town of a person who I suspected the prisoner had taken it to—my inquiries were unsuccessful—I was making inquiries

for two or three days—he afterwards told me Griffiths had it—I knew Griffiths—I did not give the prisoner authority to go to him to borrow money—I desired the prisoner to go and get the bill—it at last was returned to me as dishonoured.

Prisoner. Q. Was it customary to take bills to be discounted? A. They went to the banker's to be discounted—we should not have sent one bill alone—you took a bill to Mr. Button's, in Fetter-lane, to Stevens and Norton after this.

COURT. Q. Had he any authority to take this bill to any one? A. No.





ROBERT GRIFFITHS
. I am a coal-merchant, carrying on business at Nine Elms. I knew the prisoner was in Mrs. Norton's service—he has borrowed money of me, which he represented as borrowing for Mrs. Norton—he borrowed to the amount of 109l. 13s. 6d.—I saw this bill of exchange first on the 24th of April—the prisoner brought me this and another to discount—I paid it away—I gave him the whole amount—there was 3s. discount, something less than the usual charge—he was to have the money for it—I did not pay him all at once—I very likely paid him 2l. on the 24th, 10s. on the 28th, on the 29th of April, 3l., on the 6th of May 1l., on the 15th, 2l.—he paid me on the day he brought these bills, 14l. he owed me, which he had borrowed, as for Mrs. Norton—he then said, "I have two little bills, if they are of any use to you, you can give me the money in a month or so"—he would call at the Wharf, and say, "I want 10s. or 5s., or a 1l."—I do not know that he always said it was for Mrs. Norton, but it was understood so—the bill was dishonoured—the prosecutrix had to pay it.

Prisoner. Q. Do you recollect a conversation respecting my borrowing money of you? A. Not particularly—I said I lent money to you in Mrs. Norton's presence, Mrs. Norton believing that I owed the money.

COURT. Q. Did you believe he came to you time after time to borrow 5s. or 10s. for her? A. No—he would come, and say, "I have got no silver, will you lend me 5s. or 10s.?" which was part of the amount.





CHARLES BURROWS
 (City police-constable, No. 355.) I apprehended the prisoner—a few days after, as we were going to the Justice, he said, "I suppose as this is done I must submit to it?"—in coming back, I said to him, "There is a deal of money seems to be lost somewhere, you give no account of it"—he said, "In fact I have spent it in the business"—I cannot repeat what he said at the station-house—the attorney was there—(looking at his depositions)—he said he must submit to it—what I said before the Magistrate is true—(deposition read)—"I took the prisoner in Chancery-lane, on the 14th of this month—the prisoner said it was done, and he must submit to it."





LEONARD LAIDMAN
. I gave the prisoner into custody—I charged him at the station with stealing this bill of exchange—he said it was a harsh step on the part of Mrs. Norton, but he must submit to it.

Prisoner. Q. Did not that conversation occur in Fleet-street? A. No.





ANN ELIZABETH NORTON

re-examined. I did not authorize the prisoner to go to Mr. Griffiths, or to discount this bill, or take any money for it whatever—as far as I know I did not receive any benefit from the bill.

Prisoner. The bill was taken, as others have been, to discount, and when we wanted money, it would be applied to Mrs. Norton's use—I had small sums to pay away to the men for loading—the larger sums were

paid to the banker's; and as Mr. Griffiths was in the habit of lending money, and had it, the books would show it was spent in Mrs. Norton's service.

MRS. NORTON
re-examined. I always gave the prisoner a cheque on Saturday night to pay the men—he always had cheques for what he wanted.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.
