



935. 




WILLIAM BATTEN
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 purse, value 1s.; 1 half-sovereign, 4 half-crowns, 1 shilling, and 2 groats; the property of 



Eliza Dendy, from her person.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution






ELIZA DENDY
. I live in Montague street, Russell-square. About twenty minutes after three o'clock, last Saturday, I was walking in Montague-street, arm in arm with my cousin—I was walking on the side next the houses, and felt some person touch me—I turned round, and saw a person, not the prisoner—I said, "What are you doing?"—he made some reply—I saw some other person coming—I turned ray head to that person, and did not see which way the first person went—I had a brown silk purse in my pocket, on my right side next the houses, containing a half-sovereign, and the other money stated—I spoke to a gentleman that I saw, and in two or three minutes the prisoner was brought back in custody—I did not see a second man besides

the one who touched me at that time; but, in crossing the road, a person touched me, and I fancied I saw another man on the side of my cousin.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Then you saw two persons? A. Yes—I cannot say whether the prisoner was either of them—I did not look at the other man—I only saw there was another person—I cannot say whether one man was taller than the other—I have been examined about this—I only saw the face of one man, and I could not say whether it was the prisoner or not—the man I saw, but could not say who it was, was on my left side—my cousin was on my left—I had left my father's house about an hour and a half—I had occasion to take out my purse, as I had been in a shop about half an hour before—I carried my purse in the pocket of my outer dress—I know it was there, for I felt the weight of it.





ALICIA DENDY
. I was walking with the prosecutrix in Montague-street, about half-past three o'clock—she stopped suddenly, and I heard her say, "What are you at?"—the person she spoke to said, "What do you mean? I am doing nothing"—just at that time I saw a brown purse on the ground—the prisoner stooped, picked it up, and ran away—when he started, I saw a shorter person with him, and they both ran away together—the prisoner was brought back in two or three minutes—I immediately recognised him as the person who picked up the purse—I am certain he is the person—he had run round the end of Montague-street, crossed the road, and went towards Bury-street—I there lost sight of him—we were about half-way up Montague-street when this happened.

Cross-examined. Q. You saw the man that your cousin spoke to? A. No—I did not turn to see who she spoke to, my attention was so taken up with looking at the prisoner—I did not see another man at the time—while my cousin was speaking to the other man, the prisoner was staring us full in the face, so that I could not help seeing him—there was nothing to prevent my cousin seeing him that I know of—the prisoner was standing behind me—I turned round when I heard my cousin speak—he was not at my side, but at the side of my cousin, somewhat behind her, and I have no doubt that he is the person who picked up the purse—I had scarcely lost sight of him before he was taken, only when he crossed the road for a minute, but I followed, and saw him in custody.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. How far was the purse lying from your cousin when the prisoner picked it up? A. Two or three inches—it was lying between us.





JOHN BRADDICK
 (policeman.) I was in Little Russell-street, about 150 yards from Montague-street—Bury-street connects Little Russell-street with Great Russell-street—I saw the prisoner running from the direction of Montague-street, and some children after him—I stopped him—he resisted, and struck at me—my hat was knocked off—when I had got him in custody the two ladies came up—I took him down Little Russell-street to Bury-street—there was such a crowd I could not hear what was said—they said they bad been robbed by the prisoner and another man.





JOHN SNODER
 (police-constable E 164.) I assisted in taking the prisoner—one of the ladies said in the prisoner's presence that she had lost her purse, and he was one of the parties who ran away—he said, "I have not been near the ladies at all."
(Lieutenant Johnson, and James Stewart, a coal-merchant, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
.* Aged 31.—


Transported for Ten Years.

