







1793. 




MARY ANN MILLER,



 ELIZABETH LAYTON,



 LOUISA ELDRIDGE,



 RICHARD RONAYNE
, and 




WILLIAM MATTHEWS
, were indicted for

 together assaulting 



John Joshua Hulme, on the 
3rd of June, putting him in fear and danger of his life, and violently stealing from his person, and against his will, 1 hat, value 10s.; 1 key, 1s.; 1 comb, 4d.; 10 half-crowns, and 1 sixpence: and immediately before, at the time of, and after the said robbery, feloniously cutting and wounding him.—2nd COUNT, for striking, beating, and using other personal violence to him at the time of the said robbery.






JOHN JOSHUA HULME
. I am a modeller, and live at No. 10, Summers-yard, Coburg-road, Westminster. I was going home about half-past twelve o'clock on Saturday night, the 3rd of June, and met the prisoners Miller and Layton, who asked me to treat them with a drop of gin—I said I was not proud, I would treat them, or any other woman—I was then in Strutton-ground, about two minutes' walk from Union-court—I ted to pass Union-court

—there is a public-house at the corner, and I was going there—when I got to the corner I asked them to go into the public-house—Miller said they could get the gin at their crib—I went with them to their crib, which was down Union-court, No. 13, into the back parlour—I was perfectly sober at the time—I had ten half-crowns and a sixpence in my pocket at the time, and 1s., which I gave Miller for the gin—she did not say where she was going for the gin—I cannot accurately state how many doors off the public-howe, No. 13, is—she was decidedly not gone out of the room long enough to have gone to that public-house—Layton remained in the room with me—when Miller came back she brought about half-a-quartern of gin in a tumbler—she had also a small spirit glass—she poured some gin into the spirit glass, and handed it to me—I drank it—I have drank gin before—that quantity of gin would not have any effect on me if unadulterated—it was the half of half-a-quartern—I felt a drowsiness come over me directly—I then took my money out of my waistcoat-pocket, and put it into my left-hand trowsers'-pocket—Miller and Layton seized me directly—I have no recollection further than that I kept my hand secure in my pocket where my money was, and found it cut—I noticed it was cut before I became quite insensible—I do not know who did it, or how it was done—I saw no more persons in the room before I became insensible—I do not know of their doing anything to get my hand out of my pocket—nothing more occurred to my hand, that I recollect—I became insensible soon after—I cannot tell whether I was beat or not—I afterwards recovered my senses partially—I had gone into the house with my hat on—when I became sensible I could not see my hat, and I afterwards found my money was gone—on becoming sensible, I told them they had robbed me of my money, and taken my hat, if they would give me my hat, I would forgive them for the robbery of the money if they would let me go—Miller and Layton were present then—I did not see any other persons—nothing was then done to me, that I recollect—I was not in a condition to know whether there was any other persons in the room, or not at that time—to my knowledge, I do not know that anybody else was pretent—I had not lost my money before I became insensible—I do not recollect whether I was beaten or not—I was at the hospital when I again became insensible—I do not recollect being put out of the house—I found at the hospital that my head was cut in three places, two at the back, and one on the forehead—my face was scratched and bloody—I had a black eye, and the bridge of my nose was black—the left-hand which I had endeavoured to protect my pocket with, was cut in three places—it was at the hospital that I found my money was gone—I did not know it before—I knew my money was gone when I told them they had robbed me—my senses were knocked out of me again after that—I knew that my money was gone before I became insensible the second time—I ascertained it by feeling in my pocket—I recollect feeling in my pocket between the two attacks on me—I became insensible once, and then again, and between the two times, I ascertained that my money was gone.

COURT. Q. Then did you lose your senses a second time? A. Yes—before I lost my senses a second time, I received a blow on my head—Miller and Layton were all that I can remember being present—I do not know what I was struck with—I believe my hand was cut with the edge of the jemmy.






ELIZABETH PENN
. I live at No. 13, Union-court, Orchard-street, West-minster—the prisoner Miller lived in the back parlour of No. 13, with Layton and Ronayne—Matthews lived at No. 9, in the front parlour, and Eldridge at No. 7, in the front parlour of Union-court—on Saturday night, the 3rd of May, I was at home, and in bed—I am married, and live with my husband—I heard a

great noise between twelve and one o'clock, as near as I can tell—it appeared to come from the back parlour, down stairs—I heard two women's voices and a man's—it was Miller and Layton's voices and the prosecutors—I heard him cry out, "You have robbed me"—she said, "Go and b----yourself, for I have not robbed you"—I then heard a great noise, as if shoving him about—I got out of bed, and opened my window—I heard the back parlour door being opened, and when I looked out, I saw Ronayne, Matthews, and three or four females standing against the street door—Miller came to the door with a candle in her hand, and said, "You b----fools, why don't you come in;" and they went in immediately—the candle enabled me to see the faces of the two men—I am sure it was Ronayne and Matthews—no one else went in—they went in at the passage door, which would lead to the back parlour—after they had gone in I heard a further noise in the back parlour—I heard one of the men say, "hit him with the b----jemmy"—it sounded like Matthews' voice—I had never had any conversation with Matthews, but I had heard him talking a great deal in the court before that time—immediately after I heard the expression, "hit him with the b----jemmy" I heard the prosecutor halloo out, "Oh, murder," and afterwards "police"—Ronayne came out immediately afterwards—I did not hear him say anything—I never saw him go in again—the prosecutor said he would go out directly he had his hat—I did not hear Ronayne say anything on that—Matthews took and shoved him out of the back parlour into the passage, and by the shove he fell on the stairs in the passage—I did not see that, but heard him—Matthews said to him, "Are you going out? if not, I will kick your b----breast-bone in"—I am sure it was Matthews said that—there was no other man in the place—there was nobody in the parlour with him besides Miller and Matthews when that was said—I am clear it was Matthews said that—my deposition was read over to me before the Magistrate—I am sure it was Matthews said it—after that I saw two or three females speaking to Ronayne, and Matthews spoke to Ronayne when he came out of the passage—when Ronayne came out, he remained at the step of the door outside—when I heard Matthews say "Go out, if not I will kick your b----breast-bone in,"I heard the man halloo out "murder," and "police," and I said to the females and Ronayne outside the door," For God's sake, are you going to murder the man, or what are you going to do?"—one of the females said, "Hold your tongue, Mrs. Penn, we are only going to have a lark"—I do not know who that woman was—she was a stranger—Matthews came out of the passage door directly after, and said, "Come along; that b----cow will spoil us; we had better go," and Matthews and Ronayne went away together towards Orchard-street—after that, Miller came to the door again with a candle in her hand, went over to Eldridge's door, and said, "Come and help get him out, for I cannot get him out, for I have hit the old b----three or four times with a candlestick"—I saw the prosecutor noon after—these three or four females went over to him at the door, and told him his hat was at the next door—he said, "If you will give me my hat I will go out"—one of them said, "Come, old cock, your hat is next door"—he came out, went to the next door, and they told him that was their crib, and not to go there—he was turned back from there, and went to No. 13 again, and then Miller shoved him, and by the shove he fell—he got up and ran into the next door passage—some girls followed him in; Eldridge was one—she had a poker in her hand—one of the females hallooed out "Oh," several times—the prosecutor hallooed out "Murder"—after he had been in the passage some time, I heard a man's voice say, "Hit him Louey," meaning Louisa Eldridge—it was a man's voice—I cannot say who it was—I could not see Eldridge then, but I saw her come out with the prosecutor and the other females, and at that time she had a poker in her

hand—I heard a man's voice halloo out again, "Hit him again, hit the b----again Louey"—they had all come out then—the prosecutor was in the court—Eldridge held the poker up near to the prosecutor, but I did not see her strike him—I saw the poker fall down, as if by the force of her hand, in a direction of the prosecutor, as if in the act of striking him, but I could not see it strike—it fell in a direction of the front part of his head—the prosecutor went over to Eldridge's door again, and Miller shoved him, and his head went against the wall—after he was down Miller kicked him, and said, "Take that, you b----"—Miller then went towards the court, turned back again and then went into her own house—I saw the policeman come down, the court after the prosecutor had laid there two or three minutes—I afterwards saw Miller come out again, join Ronayne, and go up the court towards Orchard-street—they came out of the passage of No. 13—it was nearly one o'clock when I first got out of bed, and it was about half-past two when the policeman come down—it lasted about an hour and a-half—at two o'clock the prosecutor was in the back parlour, and at half-past two he was out in the court.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. You saw the two men go in when Miller came to the door? A. Yes—I then heard a noise, and in a few seconds Ronayne came out again—he was the first to come out at the door—there was a great noise in the back parlour before Ronayne came out—he came to the door directly after Matthews said "Hit him with the b----jemmy"—he stood at the door—he did not go and call the police—he was standing just outside the door—it was after that I saw Matthews come out and speak to Ronayne—I did not see him at that time, not till he came out—Ronayne stood at the door when the prosecutor fell, and halloed "Murder" and "Police" again—Matthews came to the door after the second cry of "Murder" and "Police"—I saw Ronayne walk up the court towards Orchard-street with Matthews, immediately after Matthews came out and spoke to Ronayne—that was after he said, "This cow will spoil us"—I heard the prosecutor, call "Murder" and "Police," and Ronayne came out immediately after—that was the first time I heard "Murder" and "Police"—there was nobody looking out of window besides me.

Miller. Q. Did you see me with a candlestick? A. Yes.

Layton. Q. Did you see me in the man's company at all, or in the mob? A. No—I heard two females—I know your voice when I hear it—I heard your voice in the back parlour.

Matthews. Q. Did you see me in the house? A. Yes, I did—I did not say at the Office that it was Ronayne said, "You b----," &c.—this it my deposition—it was read over to me.—(The witness's deposition being read, stated, "I heard Ronayne say, 'Get out, you b----; if you don't, I will kick your b----breast-bone in.')—That must be a mistake in taking it down—I am certain it was you—I said, "A female spoke outside the door"—I did not say who—I did not see you strike the man—I saw you go into the house, and come out—I know it was you—I did not see you come back—you caught me about three o'clock, and took me, and asked what I knew about it—when I came back again I heard you had been saying you would kick my b----brains out—I said, "Matthews, what have you to say about me?"—you said, "You b----, if you bring me into it I will kick your b----brains out"—I told the clerk of it at the Office.

JURY. Q. Are you so acquainted with the voices of the prisoners as to be able to speak positively to them? A. I am perfectly sure it was Matthews's voice, and so I am of Miller's—I heard her talking several times, and Matthews's voice I had heard several times.






MARY SOUTHERBY
. I am single, and live at No. 13, Union-court. I was in Orchard-street between two and three o'clock, on Monday morning, the 4th of May—when I got to my house I saw the prosecutor next door, crying, "Give me my hat, give me my hat"—I saw a female open the door, and he fell in on his face as he was leaning up against the door, pushing it—I did not see Eldridge come up the court, but, directly after the man tumbled into the house, she struck him with a poker as he was in the passage of No. 14—she site inside the house—she had come over from her own lodging on the opposite side, No. 7—I saw Miller push the prosecutor down, and kick him at Eldridge's door—I did not see Layton at all—I went for a policeman—they were coming down the court, and took the prosecutor away—he was bleeding very much—he was lying by Eldridge's door at that time.

Miller. Q. Did you see me hit him? A. I saw you kick him down the court—I did not see you hit him with the candlestick—I did not say at the office that I did—I did not say I saw you kick him several times on the head, that afterwards he fell down at Eldridge's door, and you kicked him in the breast.—(The witness's deposition being read, agreed with her evidence.)





CAROLINE ANDREWS
. I live at No. 13, Union-court. I know Ronayne—he lived in the same house, in the back parlour—I came home after this occurrence had taken place, between two and three o'clock—I went to my own door, and saw Ronayne standing at the door—the policeman came dawn, and when he saw the policeman he went to the cupboard under the stairs, and removed a hat to the back part of the house, but where he put it I do not know—after the policeman was gone Ronayne came into the back parlour, and about an hour after he went out of the house with a hat on his head—it appeared to he a new hat—I had only known him from the Friday—I had seen him go out and in, but never saw him wear a hat before—Friday was the first time I saw him.

Matthews. Q. Did you see me down the court? A. No—you were in Orchard-street one part of the night with me—you were with me when the prosecutor was going across with two policeman—you were just going across—I do not know how long you had been with me before that.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. How long was he with you altogether that evening? A. About half an hour, between two and three o'clock, after this was over—he was going down the court with me—he joined me as the prosecutor was going to the hospital.

Matthews. I was with her in a soup-shop in Orchard-street. Witness. Yes, between two and three o'clock—the prosecutor was crying "Police" down the court at that time—we could hear him cry in Orchard-street.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. When you went away with Matthews? A. When I and Matthews were coming home; it was between two and three o'clock—Matthews then left me, and went down the court, towards where the noise came from.





WILLIAM UPCHURCH
 (police-constable B 25.) On Sunday morning, the 4th of June, I was in Orchard-street, and heard a cry of "Police" in Union-court—I went there, and found the prosecutor lying down by the side of the house No. 7 in the court, bleeding from wounds on his head—there was a pool of blood on the pavement—I saw Penn up stairs at No. 13, looking out of a window—she spoke to me—I took the prosecutor to the Westminster Hospital—when I was in Orchard-street I saw Miller and Layton, and took them into custody—I told them they were charged with being concerned in this row—I said I took them concerning ill-using a man down Union-Court—they both said they met him in Dean-street; that they had taken him home, and when he got home he would not go out—I have a poker, which I found

on Sunday in Eldridge's house, when I took her into custody, and I found this iron in No. 13, in the back parlour cupboard, the door of which was open—it is 3 jemmy in an unfinished state—it wants filing and the points being opened—I took Ronayne into custody on Thursday evening, the 8th—I said I took him, charged with being down in Union-court, and committing as assault, and robbing a man named Hulme there—he said he was at the row—next morning, when I was taking him up to Queen-square police-court, he asked me how I thought he would get on, for it was a bad job.

Matthews. Q. Did you see me down the court when you came down? A. No.





ABRAHAM WRIGHT
 (police-constable B 99.) On the Friday following this occurrence I took Matthews into custody—he said he knew nothing about it—I told him he was wanted at Westminster—he asked me what for—I said, for the row that took place on the Saturday night previous in Orchard-street—he said he knew nothing about that; that he was in a soup-shop in Orchard-street at the time it commenced, that he crossed over to Union-court, and saw the man taken to the station, and he asked me if I had been to his father's to look after him—(looking at the depositions)—I know Mr. Bond's handwriting—this is it—(the prisoners' examinations were here read)—"Matthews says, 'I am innocent.' Ronayne says the same. Layton says, 'The gentleman went home with us, he laid down on the bed; we asked him to get up; he said, "No, I am at home;" I put on my bonnet and went out.' Miller says, 'The gentleman asked me to take him home, and he would give me half-a-crown for the night; I took him home; he laid down on the bed, and said he was at home; I asked him to get up; he said he would not; he got up, gave me a shove, and knocked a cup and saucer over; he was so tipsy he fell against the mantel-shelf; I could not get any gin; he struck me; I asked one of the chaps to get him out; he said he would not, I must get him out myself; I went back, and tried to get him out; he struck me again, and I got him into the court—we had no drink.' "

Miller's Defence. I was going to a shop where they sell ginger-beer, and saw the prosecutor; he said to me, "Where are you going?" I said I was going home; he said, "Will you take me home?" I asked what he would give me; he said he would give me half-a-crown; he went into my room and said, "I am at home;" he chucked himself on the bed; I asked him for the money; he said he would not pay me till the morning; I said that would not do for me, and he must go out of my room unless he paid me; he said he would not; he got up; he was so drunk he pushed me on one side; he fell against the mantel-shelf, and knocked the cups and saucers down, he was so tipsy.

Layton's Defence. We met the prosecutor; I was standing there; Miller was going down towards Union-court; the prosecutor came to her, and spoke to her; what passed between them I cannot say; she asked me when I came close to her if I would run down the court; I ran down the court, and put the candle on the table; the prosecutor came and chucked himself on the bed; I put my bonnet on the bed, and walked out of the room; I saw nothing of Miller or the prosecutor till the policeman came and took us in charge; I was asking Miller where my bonnet was—the policeman came and took us; he had my bonnet in his hand; I said, "Give me my bonnet;" he said, "No, you must go to the station."





WILLIAM UPCHURCH

re-examined. I found a bonnet under the staircase in the passage—when I took Layton into custody she had no bonnet on, and she owned the bonnet at the station.

Layton. I suppose my bonnet was knocked out of the room in the scuffling,

and got into the passage—I asked Miller at the station what was done with my bonnet—she said, "I brought it out, and put it on the stairs."

Matthews's Defend. I was not apprehended till the Friday; if I was guilty, why was I not apprehended before? I was still about the place; 1 was down the court at the time the policeman came down, after taking the man to the hospital—I heard nothing about it till Friday morning; the witness penn says when I spoke to her in the morning, that I said, "You ought to be ashamed of yourself;" she said, "I will see if I cannot bring you into it."

MILLER—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

MATTHEWS—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

LAYTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

RONAYNE—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.





Transported for Life.






Transported for Fifteen Years.


On 2nd Count.


ELDRIDGE—


NOT GUILTY
.
