




293. 




THOMAS SUCH
 and 




ALFRED NUNN



, feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Spankee, and stealing 1 medal, and other articles, value 5l. 4s.; and 2 5l. bank-notes, his property; both having been before convicted; to which


SUCH pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.






JOHN SPANKEE
. I am a law-student—I live and sleep at 21, Old-square, Lincoln's-inn. On 27th Nov. I left my chambers about seven o'clock in the evening, and closed the door, so that the bolt would catch—I came home about nine—I found the outer-door open—I went up stairs, found the room-door open, and a bundle of clothes on the floor—my desk was open—I missed two 5l.-notes, a sovereign, a medal, a coat, trowsers, and several other things, worth above 5l., beside the notes and the sovereign—I went to the porter's lodge, and procured the assistance of the police—I found in my room a waistcoat, a cap, a skeleton-key which fitted my door, and a, chisel, which I delivered to the policeman.





GEORGE LOWE
 (police-sergeant, T 32). I apprehended Such—I found on him a number of skeleton-keys—after he was locked up he sent for Sergeant Blundell.





ALFRED BLUNDELL
 (police-sergeant, T 9). On Monday night, 4th Dec., I was at Hammersmith-station, Such made a communication to me—I found on him a flannel-shirt, a handkerchief, 'and this key, which came out of Mr. Spankee's chambers—I got some information from him respecting some candlesticks, a coat, and book—he gave me details which satisfied me that he was one party who had been to these premises—what he said induced me to take Nunn.





JOSEPH THOMPSON
 (police-sergeant, F 11). On 7th Dec. I apprehended Nunn in Drury-lane—I had seen him and Such together repeatedly—I told him I wanted him for being concerned with Gipsey, which is the name Such goes by—he said he did not know such a person—I told him at the station I had his shoes, waistcoat, and cap—he said he knew all about that; there were plenty of tilings belonging to him—I tried them on, and they fitted him exactly—the shoes I am certain did; I had seen him wear them, and such a cap—when the prisoners were taken from the van to the cells, Such said to me, "How are you?"—I said, "Very well"—he said, "Have you found Spankee's crabs yet?"—I said, "No, I have not; but I know where they were sold; the lot only fetched 15s."—he then addressed Nunn, and said, "Did not the candlesticks turn out wedge?"—he said, "No, you know they did not," and laughed.

Nunn. Q. How do you know these shoes, that you say are mine? A. I have seen you wear such, and they fitted you exactly—I have seen you wear such a waistcoat as this—you were without a waistcoat the night after, and borrowed one of a man in a public house.





JOHN JONES
 (policeman, T 210). I was in the police van on 12th Nov., when the prisoners were coming from the House of Detention—Nunn said to

me, "Don't you say anything at the police court"—I said, "I shall say nothing without I am asked"—Such said to Nunn, "What did you get for the candlesticks?"—Nunn said, "155."—I was locked-up with them for two bours—one said to the other, "What is the use of your saying you are not 
GUILTY., you know you did it; and Lewis Lyon is out of the way."





EMMA JEFFS
. I went to the prosecutor's chambers about eight o'clock—I left about a quarter-of-an-hour or twenty minutes past eight—I shut the door—I did not see anybody in the place—the candlesticks were plated with silver ornaments—there were silver spoons and plated forks.

Nunn's Defence. I know nothing about it.

Such. Nunn knows nothing about it.





RICHARD MOORE
. I produce a certificate of Nunn's former conviction in the name of "Thomas Brown"—(read—Convicted Oct., 1846, and confined am year)—he is the man.

NUNN—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

