



1635. 




JOSEPH M'KENZIE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
7th of May, 1 pair of trowsers, value 4s.; 1 razor, value 4d.; 2 pence; 5 halfpence; and 1 farthing; the property of 



Phillip Mandy, in a certain vessel in a port of entry and discharge.






PHILLIP MANDY
. I am ship-keeper of the John, a vessel lying in the West India Export Dock. On Saturday morning, the 7th of May, when I unlocked the door, I missed a pair of trowsers, and found my bed and things all turned over—on looking further I missed a razor, a comb, and 4 3/4 d.—I was on shore the night before, and it was when I came back in the morning I missed them—the trowsers had been under the bed in my berth, and the other things in a little box—when the prisoner was taken he had the trowsers on him under his own—I knew them directly—they were formerly my son's—these are them—I have had them about two years, but not worn them—the key of my berth hung up behind the door, so that he could get it, but the ship was entered by the skylight.





JOSEPH MONTAGUE
. I am a constable of the East and West India Docks. On the morning of the 7th of May I received information and stopped the prisoner coming from the Export Dock to go out—he had this jacket, waistcoat,

pair of trowsers, and other things with him, and the prosecutor's trowsers were on his person, he was wearing them under his canvas trowsers—I found the razor and comb in his pocket, and 4Â3/4d. in money.





PHILIP MANBY

re-examined. This razor and comb are mine, and were in the berth when I left the vessel.

Prisoner. Q. Is there any mark on the trowsers? A. No, but they have no pockets and the button holes are not close to the lappel—I know them well and swear to their being mine—the razor is loose in the handle—I have used it constantly.

Prisoner's Defence. There are plenty of clothes like these; I did not get in by the door but by the sky-light.




GUILTY
.* Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.
(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)

Second Jury, before Edward Bullock, Esq.

