




1508. 




JOHN LAWSON
 and 




WILLIAM CULLING
 were indicted for

stealing 2 gun-cases, value 1l.; 1 gun, 10l.; the stock of a gun, 3l.; 3 screwdrivers, 3s.; 1 flask, 4s.; 1 shot-belt, 4s.; 1 cleaning-rod, 3s.; and 2 brushes, 1s.; the goods of Charles Egg and another; and that Culling had been before convicted of felony.



MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES EGG
. I am in partnership with my brother Henry, we are gunmakers, and live in Piccadilly. On the 1st of April I missed one gun, in a case, and part of another—this is the gun and case—I had seen in my shop on the Saturday before—this is the part of the gun.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q.
YOU indicted a man of the name of Burgess for stealing them? A. They were both taken at the same time.





WILLIAM JOHN BIRD
, general-dealer, Exmouth-street, Spa-fields. On the 2nd of April, about half-past eight o'clock in the evening, a man named Burgess came to me—in consequence of something he said to me, I went that same evening to the Archers, and saw the two prisoners there—Burgess introduced me to them, and said that they had got a gun to dispose of, and part of another—Burgess said, "I have brought him "—after waiting a short time, Culling said, "Come along"—I, Burgess, and the two prisoners went together to Parker-street, Drury-lane—Culling said his mother was out, and went next door but one to fetch the key—while he was gone I walked to the door, and saw him bring down a key-bugle—he fetched the key, and took me into the room, and there he showed me part of the gun—Lawson was then outside the door—I do not think he saw the gun shows to me—I saw enough of the gun, and said that would do—Culling shut it up, locked the door, and we came away to the Archers, to see the other gun—when we got there, we stood in front of the bar, and then Culling and I went into the tap-room—Lawson came in with Burgess—we were all four in the tap-room together—I was waiting some time, and said I was in a hurry, I must go—Culling said to the pot-boy, "Go and get a light"—he got a light, and as I was going out of the room, I saw what I supposed was the gun-case, wrapped in a bit of green baize, just as it came out of a cellar-flap in the floor—it was taken up stairs, and the two prisoners, Burgess and J, went up stairs to the back-room, where the pot-boy took the case and gun—the pot-boy went outside the door, and the two prisoners, Burgess and I, were in the room—I saw the gun and the case on the table—I undid the case, looked at the gun, and put it together—I said it was a good gun—the prisoners both concurred with me, and said it was a good gun—I made a bargain with Burgess that I was to meet him the next morning, and pay 9l.—I said, "Who am I to pay the money to?"—both the prisoners said, "Me, me "—Burgess was to have the difference of 9l. and ten guineas—the next day I met the parties—I had in the mean time communicated with the police—I saw all the property the next day, in the same room that I had seen it in the night before, at the public-house—the two prisoners, and Burgess and I were present—it was about ten in the morning—Burgess and the prisoners went and brought this gun and case under their arm, and took it into that room—the other gun was there—I said, "Well, I am to pay you 9l. for them, is that right?"—Burgess said, "Yes, pay it to them "—they said, "Yes;" just at that time the policemen came in—Archer took hold of Lawson, and Burgess and Barton took hold of Culling—he immediately twisted round, and jumped out at the back window—Lawson, after some struggling, rushed by me on the stairs, knocked down a policeman, and rushed out of the front door—I have no doubt about the prisoners being the persons I saw.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you known Culling before? A. No—Burgess

was the first that came to me—I went to a public—house kept by Oldham—Burgess did not introduce me to Oldham as the owner of the guns—Oldham was behind the bar—I heard the two prisoners speak to him about showing the guns, first one spoke and then the other—Oldham replied, "Presently, presently."

MR. PAYNE. Q. Did the landlord at all interfere about the purchase of the guns? A. No.





WILLIAM BARTON
 (police-inspector G.) I received information from Bird on the 2nd of April, and next morning went to the Archers, in Newton-street, Holborn—it is now shut up, in consequence of this transaction—I went into the first-floor back room—I found Bird, Burgess, and two other persons in the room—I am not certain whether the two prisoners are the two persons, but I had seen them in the street, speaking to Burgess—I took hold of one person, who made a spring, and jumped out of window—Archer took hold of the other—I saw a double-barrelled gun and case, and part of a gun on a table in the room—this is the part of a gun and case—the other gun and case was given up to Mr. Egg last Sessions-the other person was struggling with Archer, and I believe ran down stairs—I ran down, to endeavour to secure him, but there were thirty or forty thieves rushed out of the tap-room, and he got off.





JAMES BROOK
 (police-constable L 118.) I took Culling in Charles—street, New-cut, Lambeth-no one pointed him out to me.





WILLIAM KNOWLES
 (City police-constable, No. 580.) I took Lawson in the City—he did not say anything to me.





JONATHAN WHICHER
 (police-constable A 27.) I produce a certificate of Culling's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

LAWSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.


CULLING—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoners.)
