



1247. 




JAMES IMPEY



, feloniously cutting and wounding 



James Blackett Atkinson on the head, with intent to do him grievous bodily harm.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES BLACKETT ATKINSON
. I am one of the warders in the Penitentiary. On 23d April last the prisoner was in my ward—it is one of the regulations of the gaol that prisoners are not allowed to speak from their cells to one another—that is made known to the prisoners—on Monday, 23d May, I heard a convict, named Tomlins, calling from his cell to the prisoner, in consequence of which, I went and advised Impey not to have any conversation with him, so as to keep himself out of trouble—he said he had not been talking to him—I said I did not accuse him of talking to him, I merely cautioned him against having any conversation with him—I told him I had heard Tom lins calling from his cell-gate, and I had reported him (Tomlins)—I had an

open book and a pen in my band—next morning I went to the cell-door between six and seven o'clock—I unbolted his cell-door—the prisoners have a broom, and a piece of flag-stone in their cell, for the purpose of scraping their cell—I called out his number for him to come out to empty his po—he came down to the centre where I was standing—I turned round to see whether a prisoner was coming out of the closet or not, and while I turned round the prisoner struck me a blow in the face with the cell broom, which stunned me and broke the broom—I was then making my way into the closet away from the prisoner, and received a blow on the back of my head, which I presume was given me by a stone in a handkerchief, as I afterwards saw a handkerchief in the prisoner's hand with something in it, which felt hard, and after the occurrence the stone was gone from the prisoner's cell—when the prisoner was taken before the Governor, he stated that he supposed I had reported him, and he would be the death of some one for the punishment he had suffered—he had been flogged shortly before, for an assault on an officer in the Penitentiary.





ROBERT MORGAN
. I am a convict under sentence; at Millbank Penitentiary. I had just come out of Mr. Atkinson's room, and was speaking to him when the prisoner struck him with a broom on the side of the face—he then struck him with a stone tied up in a handkerchief on the back of the head-Mr. Atkinson was stunned, and went into the closet bleeding very much—the prisoner staid at the door with the handle of the brush in one hand, and the handkerchief in the other, and said, "You b----b----if you come out I will be your death"—he tried to get in, and a man inside prevented him—the brush was broken.

Prisoner, He was about twenty yards away? Witness. I was not—the brush just caught my ear as he struck the blow—I did not steal a loaf out of his cell; I always had enough.





JAMES DAVEY RENDELL
. I am surgeon to the Millbank Penitentiary. On 24th April I saw Mr. Atkinson, and found a cut wound, about three-quarters of an inch long, on the back part of his head, at the right side—it was such a wound as a stone slung in a handkerchief would inflict—there was also a bruise on his left cheek. Prisoner. I have nothing to Bay.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

