







685. 




SAMUEL HARMAN,



 JOSEPH NEALE,


 THOMAS REDMAN,



 SYDNEY JOHNSON
, and 




GEORGE GREEN
, were indicted for

 stealing 56lbs. weight of tea, value 5l.; 12s., the goods of the 

East and West India Dock Company.


MESSRS. CLARKSON and PAYNE
conducted the Prosecutior.






WILLIAM DAY DAVIS
 (police-constable H 36.) In consequence of information, on the 10th of Jan. I stationed myself at the Fenchurch-street gate of the East India Dock warehouse—there is another gate in Crutchedfriars—about twelve o'clock I saw Harman come to the gate at Crutchedfriars—he had a bag containing something—at two o'clock I saw him at the Fenchurch-street gate with a bag—I took him into custody, and asked his name—he said Henry Weedon, and that he lived at No. 8, Gee-street, Clerkenwell—this is the bag—it contains 261bs. of loose tea, and nine packages, making in all 29lbs.





HENRY CHARLES PARKER
 (police-sergeant H 11.) In consequence of information I received in the early part of the 10th of Jan. I placed myself at the Crutched-friars-gate—about two o'clock I saw Neale come down from the tea warehouse of the East and West India Docks where the sale was going on—I knew him before—he had a blue bag across his shoulder—it

was quite full—I followed him to a house, the Golden Lion, Goodman's-yard, Minories—he was taking this bag off his shoulder and putting it on the table—I said he was my prisoner for stealing the Company's tea—he made no answer—I brought him to the warehouse, and found in the bag eight samples in paper, and 261bs. of loose tea—I took him to Mr. Williams.





THOMAS ROOK
. I am contractor for horses to the East and West India Dock Company—I know Harman and Neale—in consequence of directions I watched them on the 10th of Jan.—a little before two I saw them come out of the Golden Lion together with each an empty bag—I followed them to Fenchurch-street warehouse, and waited at the gate—they went to the show warehouse—I then saw them come out of the tea warehouse with two bags full of tea—I saw Harman stopped at Fenchurch-street-gate—as soon as Neale saw Harman stopped he turned back, and went out at the Crutched-friars-gate—I saw Harman before he was stopped—I followed Neale to the Golden Lion, Minories, with an officer—I did not lose sight of him till he went into the Golden Lion with the bag.





RICHARD WILLIAMS
. I am principal warehousekeeper of the town ware-house of the East and West India Company—I have been so thirty-nine years, and have been familiar with the warehouse the last eight years—the preparatory steps to selling tea are, on the receipt of an order from a broker, to lay them down for inspection and sale—the lids are taken off the packages, and are laid down in numerical order—the broker attends, or some one, for the purpose of going through the teas, to give them a character for the governance of the trade, and samples are handed up by the servants in trays, each containing samples of three chests; then catalogues are issued—the trade are furnished with a card by the committee of brokers—the names and measures by which they are to sample are determined by that committee, over which the Company have no control—it is then the duty of the parties coming for samples to produce their card, and that card states which number of tin they are entitled to sample by—these are the tins—it is permitted to be piled and coned up as high as they can—it is the duty of the Company to take an equal return, according to the sample they have taken, and the tea is required to be as near the quality of the sample as possible that we may lose nothing—the persons who come to sample bring tea in bags, according to the tea they are about to sample from—it is the duty of the servants to see that no persons sample tea who are not in possession of the card, and who produce the same quality and quantity that they take—Johnson is overlooker, and Green a labourer—they were so employed that morning—the samplers are not allowed to assist themselves—Green was a labourer under Johnson—Redman was a labourer, but his duty that day no way placed him in a position to be at the sample room—I did not know anything till that day of Harman or Neale—I had never seen them before—after they have got their samples, this list is on the table, for the purpose of registering their names as the persons belonging to the houses for which they register, which is signed by them, also the number of samples and the size, and the initials of the persons who take them—it would have been signed by Harman and Neale on that occasion, not by the labourers, they have only to see that they do sign when they take away their samples and bags—in consequence of information, on the 10th of Jan. I directed the gates at both ends to be watched—the mode in which the teas are to be obtained, and the mode of registering the person's name afterwards, are well kuown to Johnson and Redman—a little after two o'clock, on the 10th of Jan., I went to Fenchurch-street-gate—I saw Harman and Neale under the gate, with two empty bags—in consequeuce of a communication made to me, as they entered, I turned round, and followed them up

stairs into the warehouse—that is the show-room—they took their seat at the remote table from the door, where the merchants go for the purpose of sampling—Green was in the room where the table was—there were no persons at the table but Harman and Neale—Johnson was near the entrance door of the room, where he had ample means of seeing what was going on—it was the duty of both of them to see the card—if two persons came together, it would be the duty of Green to see one card, and Johnson the other—they were not both to see the same card—Redman was down in some of the alleys, marking the lots on the chests—Johnson moved across the landing, from door to door—after Harman and Neale had taken their seats, Green brought up samples of tea, which was his duty, to the table where they were sitting—while Harman and Neale were in the room I went into the room to ask for the ware-houseman, Mr. Hitchings; and I went into an adjoining room, where I could command a view of the men and the tray—Green continued to hand the samples up to Harman and Neale at the table—I saw the signing list on the table in the room where Harman and Neale were—after they have got their samples it is the duty of these persons to see that they sign the paper, and that they bring an equal quantity of tea for what they take—I saw Green lay the list on the table—Johnson then directed Harman and Neale down a staircase which would not have given them egress into the yard—it was a different staircase to the one they came up—before they left I saw Redman come up to them, leaning his hand upon the table, and stooping over, holding a conference with them—Johnson was still at the door on the landing—when Harman and Neale got up from the table to go, they each had two bags full—Johnson directed them down the staircase with the bags full—going down that staircase would take them into the street by a way that they would not pass me—I came out, and went up to Green—the list was on the table at the time—I asked him who those parties were, and whether he had seen their cards—he said, "Yes"—I asked him what the number was—he said he did not recollect—I said, "Then show me where they have signed the list"—he turned it over three or four times, and could not find it out; and as the thing was so recent, I rubbed my hand over to see where the ink was wet, and there was not any—he did not give me any name—I could not find the name of Weedon on the list—I then gave Green, Johnson, and Redman into custody—I was afterwards shown a bag of tea by Davis—when I saw Harman in custody of Davis I asked him if he had any card—he said he had not—I after that saw Neale in custody—I have examined the loose tea in the bag—it is congou, and such as we have is the warehouse, and not sample—this (producing it) is the largest measure by which they sample—I sent for Johnson, Redman, and Green, to be brought down to the place where Harman and Neale were—I desired Johnson to look round the room, and see if he recognised anybody, with the exception of females, that he had seen at the warehouse—(Harman and Neale were close by at the time)—Johnson said, "Do you, Sir?"—I repeated the question, and received the same answer—I repeated it the third time, and his answer was, "I say, do you, Sir?"—I put the same question to Redman and Green, while Harman and Neale were close to them—they said they did not know them—in the course of the business which Redman had to perform in numbering the chests, he had no business at the table where the samples were—nothing could call him there—his duty would not call him at all to communicate with Harman or Neale; but he came up to the table while they were sitting there, before they got up to quit the room—I saw Johnson in the act of tearing up a piece of paper at the time I gave him into custody—I took it from him, and have it here; and here are three pieces of paper that were picked up at Redman's feet when he was searched by the officer.


Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDEROAST
Q. You gave Redman, Johnson, and Green into custody? A. Yes—Harman and Neale were in one inclosure, and Redman, Johnson, and Green were in another—the door at the bottom of the staircase down which they were going was fastened, but they could go down one flight of stairs and pass under the floor I was on, and by going down one flight of stairs again, they would pass out at the door by which they entered.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Green was subordinate to Johnson? A. Yes—I think Green has been in the service as an extra labourer since July, 1838—I had not the means of seeing from where I was, whether any card was handed by Harman and Neale—there were souchong and bohea teas on show that day, and other teas as well—there were two catalogues on show—I cannot say whether any congou was on show that day—there was congou open in the adjoining room—it was under the care of Johnson and Green—the show-room is not very extensive—the tea-chests are arranged up the room, and form alleys, about two feet wide, for persons to go up and down—-the tables were under the windows—it was Green's duty to draw samples from the chests, and I saw him bringing the samples—Redman had nothing to da with the cards in that room on that day—I saw him in conversation with Harman and Neale—I was not in a condition to hear him speak, and cannot swear that Harman and Neale said a word to him—we direct sometimes that the tea shall not be pressed down in these measures—if any of the servants saw the brokers pressing the tea down, it would be their duty to prevent it—if Redman had been on duty in the show-room, it would have been his duty to do it, and if he were not on duty, it would be liable for him to do it—he bad been in the service of the Joint Company since 1835—he is what is called a preferable labourer, from his good conduct.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE
Q. There was another warehouse, in which was congou, but not on show? A. Yes, the congou was placed at a very short distance from the room in which Harman and Neale were—it was in chests which were open—they had been ordered to be opened and laid down by the broker, Hewett and Co., who had the management of it—I think the last sale of congou had been on the 6th of Jan.—it was sold by auction—I am not sure whether any of that remained not taken away on the 10th—they are nailed up immediately after the sale, and put into the delivery pile—the prisoners are charged with stealing about 56lbs. of tea—that includes the samples as well as the bulk—I could see Harman and Neale as they sat at the table, but not the whole of their persons—I saw the upper part of their persons—they could get all this tea without my observing them—I was at some distance in an adjoining room—I saw no congou brought while I was there—I kept my eye on the bags till they went into the room, and sat down at the table—I cannot say whether Green spoke to Harman and Neale—I saw two persons go up to them—the room was not crowded.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do the Company ever part with tea in bulk, as this tea is, either with or without an order? A. Never—a person who came with an empty bag, and without any samples, would not be entitled to carry away any tea in samples or anything else—the tea must go in samples or in chests—persons who come without return teas have no authority to take samples--1 saw Harman and Neale go into the warehouse by the door where the direction is given to the public to go up and sample tea—they went on to the second floor, turned to the right, and went to the extreme end of that second room, that would lead them to the show-room—the door at which they entered was open for their exit—after the persons who had come to take samples had taken them, there would have been no difficulty for them to have gone that same way out as they came in, but instead of going from the further.

end of the second warehouse, they turned down another staircase, and if they had gone to the end of that staircase it would have taken them to a door that was closed—they could get out, but by going down the staircase to another door they would avoid me, which they would not have done if they had gone out the way they came in.





JAMES TILLEY
. I am a foreman of the Company's warehouse. On the 9th of Jan. I gave directions to Green and Johnson as to the sampling warehouse—I ordered them separately to attend to a tea show on the second floor, and Johnson was to take the command—they were to attend to the gentlemen who came to see the tea on show—the gentlemen usually came in and took a seat at the table—it was their duty to ask for the production of his card, and either one or the other of them was to draw the samples—after they had sampled, their duty was to take the same quantity and quality of tea as nearly as they could, and then to have the list signed—Green and Johnson knew their duty perfectly well—they had been engaged in the same work for two or three years.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. There is access to that room from one staircase, where the prisoners are supposed to have entered? A. Yes—that staircase is about the centre of the two ways from Fenchurch-street and Crutched-friars—there are two other modes of coming down from that room, but the other two entrances were locked—they might go from the second to the first floor, but if they went further it would lead them to a door that was locked—there was but one entrance to the tea show—two doors were locked and one was open—the staircase that Harman and Neale went down led them to the floor below—there was one staircase for them to go upaod the same to go down—they had no right on any other floor—there are boards up to direct persons which way to go—the staircase down which Harman and Neale went, is a direct communication to the room below—I did not tell Johnson to send persons down that other staircase.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Sometimes the men who attend the samples are not very strict about producing these cards? A. It is their duty to do so.

JURY. Q. There are three staircases, do they all communicate with the first floor? A. Yes—it made no difference which staircase they went down to get to the first floor.

Johnson. Q. On that day you and Mr. Hatch came, I told you great inconvenience had arisen from persons going down that staircase, and you told me to direct them along the first floor? A. I told you no such thing.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Would not going along the first floor be a more ready mode of proceeding, than going down the first staircase? A. I should say not—I do not consider it would make any difference—they would haw to go down one staircase to the first floor, but if they went along the second floor they would go direct down at once—there is sampling on the first floor sometimes, but not at the end of the building.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had any of the prisoners any business to transact on the first floor? A. Not that I am aware of—the sample room is on the second floor—that was the room to which the public had access—if they had gone along the length of the sample room, they would have gone out straightway—I should say there was no necessity for their going along the first floor.

COURT. Q. Was the staircase that they went down the nearest road to where the sampling is on the first floor? A. I should say it is nearly the same.





THOMAS BRICHAM
 (police-constable H 33.) On the 10th Jan. I took Green at the Fenchurch-st. end of the warehouses—I asked how much money

he brought with him to the warehouse that morning—he said 5s. 6d.—I asked if he brought any more—he said, "No"—I searched him, and in his left hand trousers pocket I found this purse, containing two penny pieces in one end and a sovereign in the other, and in his left hand waistcoat pocket I found two half-crowns, one penny, and two pieces of paper, with the name and address of the prisoner Harman—he said he did not know Harman and Neale.





RICHARD WILLIAMS

re-examined. The warehouses in which the tea was deposited are part of the warehouses of the East and West India Dock Company.

COURT. Q. Did the prisoners pass you in going to this room? A. They passed me in the yard, and I followed them up—when I saw them leaving the room, and Johnson directing them they had the bags full—there were no persons in the room when they left but Johnson, Green, and Redman.
----Liscomb, a glassman;----Blake, a glassman; and----Bonner, deposed to Johnson's good character. William Goldsmith, chapel-keeper; Rev. Mr. Cuff, of Kennington; William Harris, a leather seller, Tower-street; and Mr. Clayton, of the Royal Oak, Dover-road, to that of Green. Samuel Yardly, a silk weaver; Francis Reynolds, an undertaker; John Dennis, glass and china dealer; Mathew Murphey, a weaver; Joshua Dorman; John Hill, a hatter; Thomas Grant, a weaver; and William Reynalds, undertaker, to that of Harman. Louis Banfield, a shoemaker; Samuel Grew, undertaker; Jeremiah Watson; Stephen Moss, publican; Richard Gray, cabinet-maker; William Burt, a butcher; and Joseph English, silk-manufacturer, to that of Neale.)

REDMAN—


NOT GOILTY
.

HARMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 51.

NEALE—


GUILTY
. Aged 45.

JOHNSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 35.

GREEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.







Transported for seven years.

