



132. 




THOMAS BUNCHER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
9th of November, 1 breast-pin, value 5l. 5s. the goods of 




John Cobb, from his person.






JOHN COBB
. I am clerk to a solicitor. On the 9th of November, between four and five o'clock, I was by Queen-street, Cheapside—there was a large crowd, and I missed my breast-pin from my cravat—a stranger drew my attention to it and to the prisoner—I saw the prisoner attempting to get away—the person who saw him take the pin had got hold of him—a policeman came up, and he was given into custody—the pin was afterwards found by Kidman, who gave it to the policeman at the station, about ten minutes afterwards—I did not see him find it—I left him in the crowd to look for it—it was my pin he brought to the station, I am quite certain.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. This was Lord Mayor's day? A. Yes, the procession was returning—it had not arrived at Queen-street—I went to the station with the policeman and the prisoner.





BENJAMIN KIDMAN
. I am a baker. I was in Cheapside, near Queen-street, on the 9th of November—I saw the prisoner in company with two others—they were very busy in the crowd—the procession had just passed in returning—it had gone up Cheapside going to Guildhall—I saw the prisoner lean on Mr. Cobb's shoulder, and with his left-hand be took the pin from his cravat, with an intention of passing it to the two who stood be-hind—I saw his hand go towards them with the pin in it, as the other two were pressing against Mr. Cobb's back—I caught hold of the hand that the pin was in, and one of the two pushed me away—I lost hold of the hand, and immediately collared the prisoner—at the same time I said to the prosecutor, "You have lost your pin"—he assisted me in taking the prisoner from the pavement into the street—the policeman pushed forwards and he was taken to the station—I then went and pushed the people away as well as I could—I succeeded in picking up the pin, and took it down to the station.

Cross-examined. Q. Where do you carry on business? A. At No. 158, Upper Thames-street. I was looking at Lord Mayor's show—there was a great crowd—the prisoner was standing by the side of the prosecutor, with his two hands On the prosecutor's shoulder—I took up the pin myself—I took hold of the prisoner's hand when the pin was in it, and when I was pushed away by his companions I saw the pin drop—I did not pick it up the moment it dropped, and I have never said so—I did not pick it up till after he was in custody—I have been a witness in this Court several times—I consider it justice.

Q. You are a sort of amateur policeman? A. Yes—if you think proper to call it so—I swear that I saw the prisoner take the pin out of the prosecutor's cravat—his companions were close to him, and I was following them up to see what they were doing.





JOHN VALE
 (City police-constable No. 403.) I took the prisoner to the station—Kidman afterwards brought this pin which I have here.

MR. COBB
re-examined. I know this is my pin from the stones, and the general appearance of it.

Cross-examined. Q. It is very much disfigured? A. Yes—it has been

trodden on—there is one stone lost out of it—I swear distinctly it is mine—I felt a pressure on my shoulder, but being in the crowd I did not notice it.





JOSEPH FULLER
, a brewer of Blackfriars-road, gave the prisoner a good character.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.
