



1045. 




THOMAS WINCH
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 purse, value 6d.; 10 sovereigns, and 2 groats; the property of 



John Lynas.


MR. WILDE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN LYNAS
. I am master of the barque Yorkshire, On the 14th of Feb. I received ten sovereigns for a cheque—I was afterwards in Grace-church-street—I met with a stranger, who got into conversation with me, and we went into the Bell tavern, to an up-stairs room—while we were there the prisoner came in—he asked me if I had been to New York—I said I had several times—he said he had lived there with an old gentleman for several years, who had died, and left him a consider-able amount of land and some money—he asked if I wanted a little money to speculate with—I said it would be of no use to me—the stranger who was there said I had better take a little—I said it was no use to me, without it was a large amount, that I could lay out in shipping—the stranger said he was in the butter and bacon line, and he would take a hundred or two of him—he got up and said he would go and get a receipt—he was going out, and beckoned to me—the prisoner said to him, "You are not going?"—he said, "Yes, but I will be sure to return," and be hove his purse into the prisoner's hat—I was going out after the stranger, and the pri-soner said to me, "Will you be sure to return?"—I said, "Yes," and I foolishly did the same with my purse—I threw it into the prisoner's hat—it contained the ten sovereigns and two fourpenny-pieces—the stranger then called me to the bar door, and said, "You had better take a hundred or two of him"—I said I would rather not—after some time I went Back to the room, and the prisoner was gone, and all was gone—I did not see the prisoner again till the 7th of April, when I met him in Threadneedle-street—he was coming towards me, and had an umbrella loosely up before him—he saw me, and dropped the umbrella, and crossed to the opposite side—I crossed after him—he went on for sixty or eighty yards, and then down a turning—I called a policeman, and we followed him—the officer took him in the yard of a public-house—he asked the prisoner what he went up there for—he said he had gone up for a necessary purpose—the policeman said he had run a long way—he had been running—in coming along he put his hand into his pocket, and said, "If I owe you any money I will pay it"—I said, "You and I will talk about that afterwards."

Cross-examined by
MR. BALDWIN. Q. Did you know the gentleman that you went with before? A. No—we had been five or ten minutes in the public-house before the prisoner came in—we had been taking a glass of ale—the prisoner first asked me if I had ever been to New York—he said that through my talking to the other gentleman—I should not have done any good with 200l. or 300l.—I left my purse to satisfy the prisoner—I did not go, out with the other gentleman—I only went to the bar door—he went to get a receipt for a hundred or two pounds for himself—after I left the room I just saw the prisoner slip out—I did not see him come down stairs—he was got down stairs when I saw him—he went out at a door which leads to the yard—I did not see any more of him till the 7th of April—I suppose I had been in company with him for an hour and a half or two hours—I had been drink-ing two glasses of ale—that was all—I cannot say how he was dressed—he had a black coat on and a black hat—when I had him taken he was dressed much in the same way, only he had a white neckcloth on when he was in the

public-house, and when he was taken he had a kind of striped handkerchief on—I am confident he is the man, from his appearance—he is different now to what he was when he was taken—he looked fresher then, and his dress is now different—I had been thinking a great deal about him, and looking about for him, or I should not have run him nearly half a mile in the street—he was walking when I met him, and he crossed the way between two omni-busses—when he got on the opposite side of the street he began running, and I ran after him—the omnibusses were not so close as to put him in danger—I persist in saying he is the man.

COURT. Q. Did you hear him speak when the officer took him? A. Yes, and his voice was the same as the man I had seen in the public-house.





JOHN BANYARD
 (City police-constable. No. 562.) On the 7th of April, about half-past one or two o'clock in the day, I saw the prisoner running—I saw the prosecutor soon after—he beckoned to me, and I followed the prisoner to Plough-court, Lombard-street—I found him there, stooping down behind some casks—the prosecutor charged him with swindling him of 10l. in a public-house six weeks before—he said he knew nothing about it—as I was taking him to the station he told the prosecutor if he owed him anything he would pay him—I found on the prisoner two purses—one of them had a counterfeit guinea in it, and the other 1s. 10d. in silver—I found on him a pocket-book, containing two bills of exchange drawn in America, which appeared to be long over-due—he had an umbrella, which he set down outside the station-house door.

Cross-examined. Q. What were the words he used? A. He said, "If I owe you any money I will pay you," and he was putting his hand in his pocket—the prosecutor said, "I shall have nothing to do with you."





HENRY MARTIN
 (City police-sergeant, No. 49.) On the 7th of April the prisoner was brought to the station—I had occasion to go Out and call a man in, and on coming back I saw this umbrella by the station-house door—on opening it this purse dropped from it, containing in one end twenty-nine counterfeit sovereigns, and in the other end some silver paper—I asked the prisoner if the umbrella was his—he said, no, it was not.





JOHN BANYARD
 (re-examined.) J believe this is the umbrella I saw the prisoner with—I did not observe him setting it down outside the door—I saw him with it in his possession—I did not find any other umbrella about there.

Cross-examined. Q. What was the latest period you saw the prisoner with it? A. Close to the station-house door—it was an umbrella of this appearance.





HENRY MARTIN
 (re-examined.) I found the umbrella near the station-house door—this is the Lord Mayor's signature to this deposition—(read)—the prisoner says, "I never saw the man: I do not know the house; I have witnesses to prove I was not in London at the time."




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Yean.

