



1662. 




JOHN RICKETTS
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Salmon Burrell, on the night of the 
19th of July, at 
Acton, and stealing therein I razor, value 2s.; 1 cap 2s.,: and 1 handkerchief, 1s.; the goods of 



Stephen Hawkins.






FREDERICK SALMON BURRELL
. I live in Baker-street, Portman-square. On the 10th of July I slept at my father's, Mr. Salmon Bun-ell's house, at Acton, Middlesex—I went to bed "about eleven o'clock—I cannot speak to my own knowledge about the house being fastened—I was awoke at four in the morning—I heard a noise in the lower part of the house—I sent the servant to ascertain the cause—I then walked to the bed-room window, and saw a man run across the garden—I dressed and went down—I found a back door forced, the glass broken, and the frame broken—an inner door was forced, and a plank forced off another door—I did not see these things the night before.





STEPHEN HAWKINS
. I am groom to Mr. Salmon Burrell, the father of the last witness—I sleep in his dwelling-house, which is in the parish of Acton—I was called up about four o'clock that morning—I went down, and found the place broken open—a cap, a razor, and a handkerchief belonging to me, were taken out of the stable—they had got from the kitchen to the coach-house, and from thence to the stable—I had shut up the house the night before, and all the places that were afterwards broken were then safe—I locked them about ten—I do not know the prisoner—this cap, razor, and handkerchief are mine—my coat was lying down on a form in the coach-house, but was not taken away.





JOHN DRUCE
 (police-constable T 132.) About four o'clock that morn-ing I was on duty—I heard a cry of "Stop thief!"—I saw the prisoner near the premises—I pursued and took him—I found this cap, razor, and handkerchief on him, also a nail, the handle of a knife, and five duplicates—I found the blade of this knife on the window sill of the premises—I found, in the back part of the premises, this old spit, which has lately been used at the greenhouse fire—it is what he broke the door open with—I have fitted it to the marks on the door.


Prisoner. I was on the road at two o'clock in the morning, and not knowing where I was, I got under some trees, as it rained; I was going away, and was taken; I know nothing about the robbery.




GUILTY
. Aged 37.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
