




64. 




DAVID GARRARD
 and 




GEORGE GIBSON
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
21st of Nov., 1 mare, price 20l.; and 1 halter, value 6d.; the property of 



Matthew Garland.






MATTHEW GARLAND
. I am a miller, and keep a beer-shop at Ingham, in Lincolnshire. On the morning of the 16th of Nov. I missed a bay mare, three years old, worth 25l. or 26l., from my stable, which is about eighty yards from the house—I also missed a halter—this is it—the stable was not locked—on the 28th I saw my mare again at Aldridge's Repository, St. Martin's-lane—on the 15th of Nov. the two prisoners came to my house, and asked if they could have a bed—they slept there that night, and left on the 16th, about five o'clock in the morning—I know the mare by different marks on it—I know the halter by this knot—I have had it some time—I broke it, and fastened it here—Garrard has been at my house several times during the last twelve months—Gibson has been at my house about twice—I do not know where he came from—he was quite a stranger—they both came together on the 15th, and asked for a bed—they said they wanted to get up at five o'clock—Garrard said he wanted to go to Leicester, or somewhere—I do not recollect exactly.

Garrard. Q. Was I there the whole of the day? A. A good bit—I should not wonder if you had breakfast there—you might have had dinner, but I do not recollect—you had tea—you both left our house, and bade us "Good night"—in about half-an-hour or three-quarters after, you came again, and asked if you could have a bed—I said yes—I called my youths up to let you out in the morning.





HENRY WILSON
. I am a publican, out of business, and live at No. 47, Charles-street, Westminster. I saw Garrard on Saturday, tae 19th, I believe—I knew him before—he said he had a mare coming up from the country on that evening, or early on Sunday morning—I saw him and Gibson about half-past ten o'clock on Sunday morning—he told me, in Gibson's hearing, the mare had arrived—I asked what sort of a mare she was—he said, "Well, I believe a light chestnut"—I said, "Bring her down to-morrow morning, and let me have a look at her"—Gibson said he had brought the mare up, or something to that effect—I saw him and Garrard again next morning, at the Ship, in Charles-street—the mare was brought to my house that morning by Garrard alone—he said he had had 18l. bid for it—he wanted 20l., he could not take less than 20l., and that it belonged to his mother-in-law—I advised him to take it up to St. Martin's-lane, which he did, and there she remained till the Wednesday.





HENRY LOCKYER
 (police-constable A 90.) I went to Aldridge's, and saw a mare which has been since claimed by the prosecutor—I met with the prisoners in St. Martin's-lane—I took Gibson into custody, and Wilmot took Garrard—I questioned Garrard about the mare at Aldridge's—he said he had brought her from Lincoln, and afterwards at the station he said he had it given to him by a man who was to meet him in London—he did not know where.

Garrard. Q. Who was present when I said this? A. The other constable was in the yard—I do not know whether he heard it—you did not tell me you had come up by the wagon the whole road—you said on one occasion, before the Magistrate, that you had the mare from Smithfield.






HENRY WILMOT
 (police-constable A 37.) I met Lockyer in St. Martin's-lane—I saw the prisoners there together—I heard Garrard say, that he had left the mare at Aldridge's repository—I afterwards received this horsecloth, bridle, and halter, from Mr. Roberts, of the Ship, Charles-street, Westminster.





THOMAS ROBERTS
. I keep the Ship, in Charles-street, The two prisoners came there on Saturday the, 19th, on Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday—they brought a halter, saddle, and cloth to me on Monday morning—the prosecutor claims the halter, I believe.





WILLIAM SMITH
. I am ostler at Aldridge's. Garrard left the mare there—Gibson was not with him—she is there now—the prosecutor has seen it there.





WILLIAM GLASSCOCK
. I am yardsman of the Ram Inn, Smithfield. On Saturday morning, last week, Garrard came and asked me if a person answering the description of Gibson had been there with a mare—I said, "No"—he then asked if he did come would I take charge of her—I said I would—about one or two o'clock Gibson came with a mare—I did her up, and in the evening Garrard came to see her—he said he had brought her from Lincoln, and his wife bad rode her some hundreds of miles—on the Sunday morning Gibson came and asked me what the charge was for the mare standing there over night (I was not then aware it was gone)—I said 3s.—he gave me two half-crowns, and I gave him 1s. change—on Monday morning, Garrard came again, and asked me where the young man was that would buy the mare—I said I would find him—he offered her for sale—I spoke to my master, and he objected to have anything to do with it.

Garrard. Q. When I came, did not you ask if I knew the mare? A. No—I might have shown you an old one, and asked you if you thought that was it—this was the horse that you came and claimed, and which you offered for sale for thirty guineas—I asked you if it was yours—I do not know what you said—I have since seen the same mare at Aldridge's—it is the same which Mr. Garland claims.

Garrard's Defence. On leaving Mr. Garland's on Wednesday, I came straight to Lincoln; I there parted with Gibson, who was going towards Boston in search of work; I came up by the van to London, and arrived on Saturday morning the 19th, about four o'clock, and coming down St. John-street, I met a party I had formerly known in Lincoln, who said he had a horse for sale, and asked me where was a good place to sell it; I said, the market; he said it would not suit the market, it was too high a price; he gave me a description of the horse, and also of the man who was to bring it up; he asked me to go to the Ram Inn, and inquire about it, which I did; the witness showed me one, and asked if that was it; I said, I did not think it was, from the description; he asked if it was my horse; I said, no, it was a friend's or a relation's of mine—I asked him if it came to take care of it—I went again between five and six, and met Gibson who had brought the mare up; the witness asked if it was for sale; I said I hardly knew; he asked the price, and I said, "Something less than thirty guineas;" he said, "Oh dear, I thought of purchasing it for 10l, or 12l.; my master has been speaking to me about it;" I never saw the horse again, till Sunday morning, when it was brought to me by the other party; who said he had been trying at several places, but could not get his price for it, and asked me to take it to the Rum Inn, and ask that party to buy it; I went and asked for the master; he asked to look at it; I went to the top of the yard, sent the man for it who fetched it; I took it down the yard; the man took it from me again at the top of the yard, and led it away; I saw him again between ten and eleven,

and he asked me to take it to Mr. Wilson's, which I did; he said he did not want it, and I took it to Aldridge's, as he said it would fetch what it was worth there; the party in the counting-house asked me my name, I told him my name, and where I came from, but he never asked me if I was the owner of the horse; on Tuesday I was drinking with the man at different public-houses about town, and on Wednesday was going to Aldridge's to meet him, when I was taken into custody.

Gibsons Defence. When I left Lincoln, I went towards Boston in search of work, and on the Sleaford-rood, I lit on a man who asked if I wanted work, I said, "Yes," and he gave me 30s. to bring the mare up to Smithfleld; I lit on two more alongside Sleaford, and I brought those also, which I left at Shored itch, with a man who was waiting for them; I brought the mare to Smithfield, where the man was waiting for me; I took it to the Ram, and there left it.

GARRARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

GIBSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.





Transported for Fifteen Years.

