



1822. 




SARAH HARRIS
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



Elizabeth Mary White, on the 
1st of July, putting her in fear, and taking from her person, and against her will, 2 shillings, her monies: and immediately before, at the time of, and after the said robbery, feloniously beating and striking her.







ELIZABETH MARY WHITE
. I am a widow, and live in Baltic-street, Old-street, St. Luke's—I get my living by going out charing. On Wednesday evening, the 1st of July, I went into Lascelles-court, St. Giles's—I saw the prisoner standing at the door of No. 7—I was taken unwell, and wished her to show me a private place—she took me to a room on the first floor, and furnished me with a convenience—I gave her 2d.—she said I had got more money about me, and instantly knocked me down, and said she would have all that I had or my life—she struck me violently in my body and my eyes, and tore my bonnet—the crape of it was terribly torn—she threw me down, put her hand into my pocket, and took out 2s.—she then left the room—I was quite stunned with the fall, and when I came down stairs she pushed me again, and tried to get my pattens from me—I saw King, the constable, and told him what had happened—I was quite sober, but very much agitated—I hardly knew how to get home.

Prisoner. I was at the top of the court when she came up, she had another female with her—she asked me to accommodate her—I took her into my room—she stopped about half-an-hour talking about her husband, saying she had been drinking all day, and was truly unhappy, and should I like something to drink—she gave me 2d., and came down stairs—I said, "I don't wish to go out"—she laid hold of me, and dragged me by my shawl—another female came up—she gave her 1d. and dropped a halfpenny on the stones, which the other female picked up—I asked what it was—she said "You may keep it"—she said, "Well, I have lost 2s., I have been robbed somehow;"—she said to the other, "Take my pattens and pawn them, and we will have something to drink"—she said, "You had better go and pawn them yourself." Witness. It is not true—I did not talk with her about my husband, or that I drank because I was out of spirits about it—I did not offer to send for gin—I did not want to pawn my pattens—I did not accuse the other female of robbing me—she did not assault me at all—she came there to see what was the matter.





THOMAS KING
 (police-constable F 55.) On the 1st of July, between eight and nine o'clock, the prosecutrix came up to me at the end of Lascelles-court, and gave me information—I took the prisoner into custody in Lascelles-court—the prosecutrix charged her with robbing her, and another woman, as being with her—she did not express any doubt at that time who took her money—she said the two were together—she was sober, and had a great mark on her forehead, which is to be seen now—it appeared done at that instant—she appeared to have been beaten.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not say before the Magistrate that the woman said she did not know whether it was me or the other female that robbed her? A. She said there were two together—she charged you with being the person who knocked her down and robbed her.

COURT. Q. Have you not said that she could not say which robbed her? A. She said there were two together when she first called me—I made immediate search after them—the first I met with was Mary Evans, who was acquitted before the Magistrate—the prosecutrix said she was with the prisoner—I gave my brother officer information, and he apprehended the prisoner—(looking at his deposition)—this is my signature—it was read

over to me before I signed it—(The witness's deposition being read, stated, "I took Evans into custody, and last witness said she was one of the women who knocked her down, but she could not say who robbed her")—she stated to me, at the end of the court, that there were two women in company together, and Evans was the woman who knocked her down, but before the Magistrate she bound it down hard and fast to the prisoner—she was sober, but very much agitated.

Prisoner. Q. Did she not acknowledge that she wanted the other female to pledge her pattens? A. No.





ELIZABETH MARY WHITE

re-examined. Q. How came you to tell the officer you could not say which of the two robbed you? A. I was nearly stunned at the time, she threw me down with such violence—I have perfectly recollected myself since, and she is the woman—she had no shawl on—I had nobody with me—(The witness's deposition being read agreed with her evidence.)





JOSEPH HOILE
 (police-constable F 95.) I took the prisoner into custody—I put a few questions to her—she denied that she ever lived in Lascelles-court, or that she had been down there that day, and said she lived in Jones-court, St. Giles's—I took her there—she took me up stairs to a room, and said the door was fastened—I found she was not living there, and took her to the station-house—the prosecutrix recognised her there, and said she was the person who had knocked her down and robbed her—she then said she did accompany her up stairs, and received a few halfpence from her, but denied knocking her down and robbing her—respecting the other female who was taken, the prosecutrix said she was the young woman who came up to the door after she came out of the room, and she went away with the policeman, but the prisoner was the woman who robbed her.

Prisoner. My room was not altogether right, my bed was not made, and I did not wish to take him to my own room on that account—I had only lived two days in Lascelles-court, and did not wish to take him there—he would not tell me why he wanted to go to my place.





SAMUEL GRIFFITH
. I am a chimney-sweeper, and live at No. 8, Lascelles-court. On the evening of the 1st of July I was in the parlour of that house, and heard a noise in No. 7—I went up to see what was the matter, and saw the prosecutrix and prisoner in the passage—the prosecutrix seemed frightened—she had been knocked down stairs—I saw the prisoner knock her down again at the door, or shove her—I am sure she is the person—she left the court, and pulled the woman Evans away with her up the court.





THOMAS KING
. re-examined. She was searched, and 6d. found on her; but she had spent the 2s. for the shawl she has on—the young woman who we took with her said, in her presence, that she had taken it out of pledge—the prisoner made no remark to that.

Prisoner. I had received half-a-crown from a man that evening.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
