




14. 




JAMES BURRELL
 and 



JOHN BURRELL
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 mare, value 5l.; and 1 gelding, 7l.; the property of 



John Norriss; and that James Burrell had been before convicted of felony; to which 



JAMES BURRELL
 pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—



Transported for Ten Years.






JOHN NORRISS
. I am a hackney-man. These horses were out to grass—I found them at the slaughterer's—the prisoner John is 13 years old, I understand.





HENRY CHILD
. On the 28th of Oct., about ten o'clock in the morning, I saw the horses safe in my ground—I went to Hendon in the afternoon, to a sale—I saw the prisoner James there, but do not know whether I saw John—after John was taken in charge, I accused him of being at the sale—he said he was not, that he slept at his aunt's, at Watford.





THOMAS RICHARD CROSS
. I am in partnership with Richard Cross, and have a slaughter-house at Maiden-lane. The prisoner James brought a horse to me for sale—he then went out and brought in the prisoner John, who led in a chesnnt horse, which was sold to a man by James in my presence—John did not take any part in the sale, and did not seem to know anything about it—James was very drunk after he had sold the horses, and I shut both prisonersin a stable about half-past twelve o'clock on Wednesday night—John wasvery restless—I went to the place and made him lay down again—he wishedto go, but did not go until between three and four o'clock in the morning, when I got up to go to Kingston—both went away then—he did not sleepat his uncle's that night, he slept in the stable.





'JOSEPH BULLIMORE
. I saw John in company with his brother at the yard, when I bought the chestnut horse—he never interfered in the sale at all.





EDWARD KELL
 (police-constable.) I took the prisoner James, and I was with the constable when John was taken—I told John he was charged on suspicion of stealing two horses from Mr. Child's field on Wednesday afternoon or evening—he said, "Oh! d—n the horses—I know nothing about them—I slept at Watford on Wednesday night, at my uncle's"—the horses were stolen on Wednesday evening.

JOHN BURRELL—


NOT GUILTY
.
