




1559. 




WILLIAM DANIELS



, breaking and entering the dwelling, house of 



William Woodward, and stealing 2 coats, and other articles, value 39s.; his goods.






JANE WOODWARD
. My husband's name is William—we live at Norwood, in Ruislip parish. On 5th July, about half-past seven, or a quarter to eight o'clock in the morning, I left my house secure, giving the key to a neighbour—I returned about half-past eight, or a quarter to nine, and found things littered about the bed-room, and the fastening out of the window, which was open—I missed several articles of wearing-apparel—they are my husband's—I have not recovered a quarter of them.





HANNAH GURNEY
. I keep a beer-shop, at Rickmansworth. On 8th July, about five o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came and offered a shawl for sale, and other articles—I gave him 1s. for the shawl, and said if it belonged to his wife, or any one belonging to him, if he gave me the 1s., I would return it—this is it (produced)—I gave it to the policeman.





JOSEPH PAYNE
. I bought this jacket (produced) of the prisoner, at the beer-shop, for 3s. 6d. and a pint of beer.





ROBERT GOODMAN
. I was at the beer-shop, and saw the prisoner offer things for sale—next day I saw him at another beer-shop, and bought a shirt and pair of socks of him for 6d.





GEORGE TURNER
, I belong to the Hertfordshire rural police. It is three miles from Norwood to the public-house—I found the prisoner about two miles from Great Berkhampstead, in a wheat field—I was the other side of the hedge, and overheard him say to his sister, "Don't you think the policeman wants me for something?"—she said, no, she did not think I did—she had heard me say I did not—I had no warrant against him—he said, "I was afraid he wanted me for that Norwood affair"—I got over the hedge, and took him—I told him the charge—he said, "It is all over with me now; I shan't come here any more."

Prisoner. Q. How far were you from me? A. About three yards.

Prisoner's Defence. I found the things by the side of the road; I was afterwards told the house had been broken into.




GUILTY
. Aged 28,—


Transported for Seven Years.

