






1945. 




GEORGE ADAMS,



 JOHN ARUNDEL
, and 



WILLIAM ROBINS



, stealing 1 purse, value 1s.; I half-crown, 12 shillings, 4 sixpences, 2 pence, and 2 halfpence; the property of 



Jane Price, from her person; Adams and Robins having been before convicted.






JANE PRICE
. I am a widow, and live at 73, Guildford-street. On 18th July at half-past seven o'clock in the evening. I was in Store-street—I had a purse in my pocket with a half-crown, twelve shillings, four sixpences, two pence, and two halfpence in it—I felt a touch on my right side, looked round, and found Adams and Arundel on my left, and Robinson on my right, close to me—I took hold of Robins—he struck me twice—I lost my hold, and he got from me—Adams said, "Go it; cut it," or "Butt it," and they all three ran—I ran after them—I am sure they are the persons—I missed my purse and money.

Cross-examined by
MR. BAILANTINE. Q. Are you sure about Arundel? A. Yes, I did not lose sight of him.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Had you seen them before? A. No.





HANNAH TAYLOR
. I am eleven years old. I saw the prisoners go close up to Mrs. Price—I saw a hand go into her pocket and come out—I could cot see which—they ran away.





BARNARD LEE
 (-police-sergeant F 23). I was in Gower-street—I saw Adams and Arundel running—Adams said, "If you don't make haste I shall catch you"—Arundel said, "It is all right; it is only a lark"—I took them—there was no money found on them.

Robins' Defence. The officer asked the girl if I was the person; she said, "I cannot be on my oath; I think he had rather darker hair;" after half an hour's persuasion she gave me in charge—I am innocent.





BARNARD LEE

re-examined. The girl never expressed any doubt about their persons.





JOHN PARKES
 (police-sergeant, E 14). I produce a certificate of Adams' conviction—(read, Convicted Aug. 1845, having been before convicted, confined one year)—he is the man.





THOMAS MOULD
 (policeman). I produce a certificate of Robins' conviction—(read Convicted Nov. 1847, confined six months)—he is the man.

ADAMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.

ROBINS—


GUILTY
.





Transported for Ten Years.


ARUNDEL—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—



Confined Three Months.

