



2110. 




CORNELIUS STRONG
 was indicted

 for unlawfully obtaining,
by false pretences, from 


Cashim, 80 handkerchiefs, value 4l.; and 36 fans, 2l.; the goods of 


Mamut.



CASHIM (sworn on the Koran.) I come from Penang, Malay country—I am a seaman on board the ship Eliza, which was in St. Katherine's Dock. I went before the Magistrate on the 27th of Sept.—four days before that the prisoner came to me on board the ship, and asked if I had anything to sell—I said I had got some silk handkerchiefs which I had brought from China—I showed them to him—he asked what I would sell them for—I said, "Ten rupees each piece"—he took four pieces, and asked what else I had got—I said, "Some fans"—he asked how many—I said, "Three dozen"—he asked how I sold them—I said I would sell them all for twenty rupees—he asked if I had any cigars—I said, "No, not for sale"—he took the handkerchiefs, and gave me six sovereigns and four shillings, as ten rupees—he said nothing at all about them—I believed the money was good, and let him have the four pieces—that made eighty handkerchiefs—I kept the money about two hours, when some Lascars came on board—they saw the money the prisoner gave me—I went to change it, and found it was all bad—I gave it to Mr. Dent.

Prisoner. I never saw the man before; I was at work at the West India Dock at the time it happened. Witness. I am sure he is the man—it was between ten and eleven o'clock in the day time—I am sure it was four days before I went before the Magistrate,





CHARLES DENT
. I am one of the officers of the ship Eliza. I saw the prisoner on board on Wednesday, the 24th of Sept., close on eleven o'clock—I only saw him come up the port, and go down into the forecastle with Cashim—I heard none of their conversation—Cashim gave me the medals—on the Saturday after I went with him up Chapman-street, and found the prisoner—a black fellow had laid hold of him—they had been waylaying him from the Wednesday—there was a quantity of people round—I showed the money to the prisoner—I called a policeman, who took him in charge—I gave the policeman the same medals that Cashim gave me.





SILVANUS GILL
 (police-constable H 55.) The prisoner was given into my custody by Mr. Dent—the prisoner said they could do nothing with him, they were not coin at all—he made use of the roost violent language—in going from the station-house to the office, he told me he was not the man that did it, but he knew who it was—I produce the pieces which Mr. Dent gave me. (These were brass counters or medals.)

MR. DENT
re-examined. I know these to be the pieces I gave to Gill.

CASHIM
re-examined. I know them—the prisoner gave them to me.

Prisoner's Defence. I have witnesses to prove I was at work at the West India Dock at the time.





SAMUEL BURRIDGE
. I hold a situation in the West India Docks. I know the prisoner by employing him occasionally—I know by my books, which I have here, that he was employed by me in the West India Docks on Wednesday, the 24th of Sept.—he was employed for some time off and on, by the name of William Simmons—he is the person—I employed him from the 19th of Sept. to the 26th—on Wednesday, the 24th, he was employed from half-past seven o'clock in the morning till a quarter or twenty minutes past six in the evening—I had not my eye upon him the whole time, but there was no means of his getting away—they cannot leave the Dock without a pass—I muster the men at a quarter or ten minutes to one

o'clock, in the middle of the day, and again at the close of business—he could not get out of the Dock without a pass from me—there is a police-man at the gate, and no man, if out, could get in again—I did not give him a pass that day—they must come and ask me if they want to go away—I can say that he never asked me for a pass on that day—there ii no way of getting out except through the gate—ours is an import dock, and no one is allowed to go in or out, unless they sign a book at the gate, stating what business they are going on—they cannot get on to the river by a boat—if a man was to leave his work he would he missed directly—I make a calculation each day for the next day's work, and if I have more men than I shall want I pay them off at night, and if I want more I take them on—each man is stationed at a certain place; and if one leaves his station, the party from that place comes aud reports to me that there is a man short.





JOHN HARWOOD
. I keep a coal-shed, and work as an extra labourer in the West India Dock. I know the prisoner—I was at work with him on Wednesday, the 24th of Sept., from eight o'clock in the morning till six at night—he was there all the time—he was not five minutes together oat of my sight—he was never out of the Dock that day—there is no getting oat without a pass—we get our dinner in the Dock, at twenty minutes before one—we do not go out of the Dock—we stand and eat it where we are employed.





DANIEL BAKER
. I am a labourer. On Wednesday, the 24th of Sept., the prisoner was at work with me in the Dock, from eight o'clock till six—he was at work at a jigger, heaving up in the warehouse—he might be occasionally going away to the water-closet, or such as that, but not for above a quarter of an hour—we had six men heaving up; and when a gang-man is placed at that sort of work they cannot go away from it—he was never away more than a quarter of an hour—he was dressed much the same as he is now—I bad seen him before—I did not know him by any name—I do not know his name now exactly, but he is the man—there are a great many men there—I think he was called Somerfield, Simmons, or some such name.





CHARLES DENT

re-examined. The ship laid about two miles from the West India Dock—none of the property has been traced—I had never seen the prisoner before to my knowledge—I am sure be is the man that came on board, and there was another with him—he was dressed as he is now—I can swear to that jacket—he came through the foremost porthole but one—a person could get out of the West Indian Dock by getting into a barge which is going out, or by following a truck out behind—it would not be possible for a man to get from the West India Dock to our ship and back again in anything like a quarter of an hour—I am certain it was close on eleven o'clock that the prisoner came on board—I saw nothing of the purchase—I only saw him come on board and go down forward—I did not see him go away—I have not the least shadow of a doubt that he is the man—I am quite satisfied of it—it is a usual thing for men to come on board when a ship comes home—anybody can come in and out—I am third officer of the ship—I had some things stolen from my cabin while the ship was lying there.





SAMUEL BURRIDGE

re-examined. I can positively swear the prisoner was never out of the dock the whole of that day—there was no possibility of his going out with a truck—there are always a certain number of men (three) sent with a truck, and it never goes off the premises, but straight

over to the cooperage-yard, and there is a constable at that gate, so that no man could leave in that way—if the prisoner had been a quarter of an hour absent I should have known of it—I was all over the premises that day, and have to overlook all the men employed at warehouses No. 3 and 4—I have the stationing of all the men—there are 400 or 500 men under my notice—after placing them in the morning I go round to each foreman to ask if they are all right, and if they have got their quantity of men, and how many—I allow a certain number to each ship—the prisoner was stationed at a jigger, heaving up the casks to house—there are only six men at a jigger, and if one leaves they cannot go on with the work—he must have been missed—they could not get another hand to supply his place—each man has his station—he could not have got out by a barge—no lighter-man dare take a man on board—each lighter has a pass to go out, and it would be known to the police—there is no possibility of a man's leaving the dock from morning till night.




GUILTY
.* Aged 39.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(The prisoner had been previously convicted of felony, and sentenced to seven years' transportation.)
