



1891. 




GEORGE BUTLER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of June, 2 flannel petticoats, value 2s.; and 1 dressing-gown, value 8s.; the goods of 



James Domonie; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM ROSS
 (police-constable D 157.) At halt-past four o'clock in the morning of the 19th of June I was in Hill-street, Mary-le-bone, and saw the prisoner coming out of No. 14, carrying this basket—I asked what he had there—he said he lived at that house, No. 14—I took him back, there, called the landlady up, and asked whether he lived there—she said he did not, but be bad lived there twelve months ago—I asked if her things were all right—she said she would get up and see—while this was going on, the prisoner turned and ran away—I overtook him, and took him to the station-house—I went back, and the witness found in this basket this dressing-gown, wet—I took it to the station-house, and asked the prisoner if it was his—he denied it—I asked where he lived—he said he was destitute, and had slept the last night in an omnibus—I found he lived in William-street, Lisson-grove—I went there—the landlady said he lived down in the back-kitchen—I went down there, and found these two flannel petticoats.





MATILDA DOMONIE
. I am the daughter of James Domonie; we live at No. 14, Hill-street. On the 20th of June, when the policeman came, we were all asleep, and he knocked us up—I went out into the yard, and found this dressing-gown in the basket—the gown had been in a tub of water in the yard—the basket is not ours, it is the prisoner's—these petticoats were missing also—they are my mother's, and had been hanging in the yard—the prisoner lodged in our back-parlour a year ago.





ANN HANSON
. I am a washerwoman. I washed this gown and these petticoats for the prosecutor, and left the gown in a tub of water, and hung the petticoats up, about ten o'clock at night on the 19th of June—this basket I never saw before.





WILLIAM CLARK
. I rent the house, No. 25, William-street, Lissongrove—the prisoner lodged in that house.

Prisoner. He is only a lodger there himself; there were other people lodged in the prosecutor's house.





GEORGE HEALEY
 (police-constable D 42.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was at the trial—the prisoner is the person who was tried.




GUILTY
. Aged 58.—


Transported for Seven Years.
