




836. 



ROBERT JONES
 and 




FREDERICK MASON
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Seth Smith, on the 
17th of Feb., and stealing therein 3 paintings and frames, value 7l.; and 1 apron, 6d.; his goods; and that Mason had been before convicted of felony.






SETH SMITH
. I am a carver and gilder, and live in Carey-street, Chancery-lane. I occupy the shop and a sleeping-room—Mr. Morrison is the owner of the house, and lives in it—on Saturday, the 17th of Feb., about half-past one or two o'clock, I locked my shop-door and hung the key up—I came back about three o'clock—I found my lad there—about two hours after I missed three paintings and frames and an apron, which were quite safe when I went out—this is one of them.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Are you quite certain you turned the lock? A. Yes—I have a distinct recollection of it.





JOHN MURRAY
. I am shop-boy to the prosecutor. On the 17th of Feb. a little before two, I went to the shop—I found the door ajar—I did not miss anything—I remained till my master came.





RALPH HART
, picture-dealer, Brookes-court, Holborn. On Saturday, the 17th of Feb., about five o'clock, Mason came with this painting, and said, "I wish to dispose of it, but there are two others"—my brother asked where they were—he said, "At the Dials; will you go with me, and I will show them to you?"—my brother said he could not go then, but if he would leave the one, and fetch the other two, he would look at them—the prisoner then snatched up the painting and ran away—I ran after him—Jones joined him in Princes-street, and both ran together—we spoke to a policeman, and they were taken into custody—I had never seen them before.





THOMAS LILLY
 (police-constable F 33.) On Saturday evening, the 17th of Feb., I saw the prisoners running in Princes-street—Mason had this painting in his hand—I took him—Jones commenced running back again, and was stopped directly by Mr. Hart's brother—he then said to Mason, "What a fool you were to give 5s. for it; it has got us both into trouble."





WILLIAM BOFFIN
 (police-constable F 141.) I produce a certificate of Mason's former conviction—(read)—I was not in Court at the trial—I was before the Magistrate when he was committed.





SETH SMITH
. I was present at the trial to which this certificate refers—the prisoner is the party who was then convicted—I heard the verdict returned—I swear the prisoner is the same person.

MASON—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.


JONES—


NOT GUILTY
.

Third Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

