



1404. 




RICHARD BATES
 was indicted

for that he, on the 
12th of March, knowingly and feloniously did send to 



William Henry Carlin a certain letter accusing him of having committed b—y, with intent to extort a 10l. Bank of England note, his property.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be for threatening to accuse him, with the like intent.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM HENRY CARLIN
. I am a tobacconist, living at No. 25, Ludgate-street, City. On the 12th of March I received a letter, which I now produce, by post—it came by the first delivery in the morning—I immediately went to the Justice sitting at Guildhall, and got the assistance of Roe the officer—by his advice I addressed a letter to Mr. Richard, and put it in the post-office—I went the same afternoon, with Roe, to No. 55, High-street, Borough—I found Greenland the shopman there—I waited there with Roe about two hours, then left directions with Greenland—on the 14th the prisoner was brought to my shop in custody—I knew nothing of him whatever—I had never seen him in my life to my knowledge—I went to the station, and entered the charge.





JOHN GREENLAND
. At the time in question I was shopman to the post-master, at No. 55, High-street, Borough—the prosecutor and Roe came there on the 12th of March—they gave me directions what to do, and on the Utah of March the prisoner came to the post-office, and asked for a letter in the name of Richard—I told him he could not have it, as it was in master's possession, that master had the care of those letters, and asked him to wait—I sent out for a policeman, but the boy could not find one, and the prisoner left before one arrived—I followed him to Tooley-street, Borougn, and there gave him into custody—he never had the letter—the letter produced by the prosecutor has been posted at our office in High-street.

Prisoner. I asked him for a letter for Richard Bates. Witness He did not—he said, "Is there a letter left here for the name of Richard?" I said, "There is"—I am sure it was Richard, and not Richard Bates, that he mentioned.





MICHAEL TUNNICLIFFE
. I am a clerk in the Register-office, Somerset House. I have known the prisoner about thirty years—I have seen him write—I was a townsman of his, and have received letters from him for relief, and answered them—I received a letter from him the beginning of March—Roe came to me about the 14th or 15th of March, and at that time there was a letter lying on my table which I had from the prisoner that morning—I am sure the letter produced is his hand-writing—I should say it was his—it is some years since I saw him write—I had received several letters from him previous to the 14th of March, and relieved him when he

has called upon me in consequence of those letters—I cannot say whether he referred to the letters when he called, but he called several times—I said it was not in my power to do any thing more, and not to call again, and after that he wrote to me—he never wrote to me but to request relief. (Letter read)—"London, March 11th, 1842. Mr. Carlin—Sir, I am sorry to have in my power to inform you of a circumstance which take place between you and a gentleman, it is of such a nature that was it publicly known, would not only be against you, but indeed your shop would be deserted—this gentleman states he has had connexions with in a most unaturely way—I am an entire stranger to you—should you wish to put an end it such a report being spread abroad, address your letters to 55, High-street, Boro', enclosing a ten pound note, and you shall be in possession of all, and a stop put to any further to do about—do not fail sending by return of post, addressed to Mr. Richard."





WILLIAM BURROW
 (police-constable, M 116.) I took the prisoner into custody by desire of Mr. Greenland.

Prisoner's Defence. At the beginning of the week I had written to the west end respecting a situation, desiring they would give me an answer to 55, High-street, Borough; on the Monday night in question I called at the post-office to ask for a letter directed to Richard Bates, the moment I mentioned the name the person said he thought his master had a letter for that name; but at the time, the witness was engaged with a person taking letters from him, and he wanted 5s. worth of letters perhaps; I was there some time; I said I was going further and would call again as I returned; I walked on where I had to go, intending to call on my return, but I am certainly innocent of the letter; I asked for the name of Richard Bates, he never asked my name; I never received any letter nor asked if that letter was intended for me, nor was it given or shown to me.





JOHN GREENLAND

re-examined. There was no letter at the post-office directed to Richard Bates.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Life.
