



2273. 




ROBERT SINCLAIR
 was indicted

 for forging and uttering an order for the payment of 9l., with intent to defraud 



John Whiteley.






JOHN WHITELEY
. I am assistant to my brother Samuel Walker who keeps the Cock and Neptune, in Ratcliff-highway. On the 25th of April I the prisoner came to board and lodge there, and agreed to pay 16s. a week—he staid seventeen weeks, and his account was 21l. 8s. altogether—on the 2lst, he told me he was going off in the brig Chance, Captain Harris, and gave me these two notes—he said one was a two months' advance note for 9l., payable two days after the ship left Gravesend, and the other for 2l. a month, payable three months after date, and to be continued after the voyage was over—he said they were what the Captain had given him in part of his wages—he wished me to advance him 30s.—I did so on the credit of the notes—next morning the prisoner took his things away, and took them to the Blackwall Railway office—he said he was going down to the ship—in consequence of some suspicion, I went down to Captain Harris, to the West India Dock, on Thursday morning, and showed him the notes—I got an officer, and the prisoner was given into custody.





DAVID GIBSON HARRIS
. I am captain of the brig Chance, now at Deal—she was sailing for Trinidad—I know nothing of these two notes—they are not my writing, nor were they written by my authority.

Prisoner. On Saturday three weeks I was in your cabin having a glass of spirits and water together; you said you were going to pay your mate off when the ship was going away, and if I went with you to the West Indies, times might be better when I got back. Witness. It is false; he was in my cabin, but I did not tell him that.





GEORGE CROWTHER
 (City policeman.) I took the prisoner into custody. I found on him this pocket-book, in which is written the name of the broker, in his own hand-writing, which accords with that on the notes—(the notes were here read.)

Prisoner's Defence. The captain told me he should discharge his mate when the vessel was ready to sail; I called at the ship, and left these two printed forms on the cabin table, to be filled up. On the Monday I called alongside the ship; the mate told me the captain had not been. I went to the dock, and did not come back till half-past two o'clock. I asked the mate if the captain was there; he said no, he had been and had gone; but he said, "Here is something for you," and he handed me these two notes.





ALEXANDER WATT
. I am mate of the brig Chance. I cannot say whether the prisoner came on board on Monday, he was there so many days—he has often been there, waiting for the captain, and on the captain's coming, I have observed him turn his back, and walk off—I never gave him these notes—I know the captain's handwriting, and can swear this is not his.

Prisoner. Either the mate or the captain have perjured themselves. I received these two notes from the mate's hand. Witness. I never gave him any paper, or anything.

J. WHITELEY
re-examined. I have seen the prisoner's hand-writing—he backed these notes—the filling up of the notes is very much like his writing.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Baron Rolfe.

