



1154. 




MICHAEL DONOVAN
, was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



Ellen Donovan, on the 
25th of March, and cutting and wounding her in and upon her head, with intent to do her some grievous bodily harm.






ELLEN DONOVAN
. I am the prisoner's wife—on the 25th of March I lived in St. John-street, Limehouse. On Saturday morning, about half-past six o'clock, my husband came home, and called me down stairs to let him in, which I did; and when he went up stairs, perhaps myself was in fault as much as him, but he took a brick out of the fireplace—he said, "Oh, you w----I will have revenge on you through losing my money last night"—he hit me on the top of the head with the brick—I was in bed at the time—he took a second brick, and hit me between the two shoulders, on my back, with it—he then got me by the head, and kicked me, with his boots on, in every part, on my back, arms, and shins—I went down stairs—he followed me down—he threw me down and left me stretched on the pavement in the street—I could not get up, from the effects of his beating—I was sober—I was taken to the London Hospital, and shall have been there a fortnight to-morrow—I come from there now—I do not wish to hurt him—I only want peace and quietness and maintenance.

Prisoner. I had 10s.; I went to a public-house, and had a pint of beer; I came home about one o'clock; my wife came down, and said, "You vagabond, what a time to come home, why not stop out all night?" I went and stopped out, for fear of a disturbance; I came home at seven, and she called me a w----'s son; I was in a great passion; I went down stairs; she took the two bricks, laid them on the bed, and told the policeman I had beat her with them; she took a fork out of the cupboard, and struck me with it. Witness. I did not take a fork, nor lay the bricks on the bed—he was passionate, and I suppose I was the same as him.





MARY PYBUBN
. I was living in the same house as the prisoner and prosecutrix—he was out all night on the 25th of March—the prosecutrix came down and let him in in the morning—when he came up he began to ill-use her—I went up, and saw her sitting on the floor, by the bed—she was bleeding at the mouth, and was very much bruised about the forehead—I told her to go down stairs, and have nothing more to do with him, and told him not to ill-use her—he went towards the fireplace, took a brick, and struck her on the head with it—she was doing nothing to provoke him—I cannot say whether he was drunk—I endeavoured to prevent him—I followed her down stairs—I went and got ray gown on, and when I returned I found her lying on the flags of the pavement outside—I did not see whether he touched her hair or

not—I left the room—I persuaded her to go down stairs—he followed her down.

Prisoner. I went down to go to my day's work; I did not know whether I had better go or not, I was so much in a passion; this woman does not well like me, and she is belying me. Witness. I am telling nothing but the truth—I have had no quarrel with him—I never had a word with him.





JOHN CANTWELL
 (police-constable K 220.) On the 25th of March, Pyburn came to me, and I and a brother constable went to a house in West-court, St. Ann's-place—I went up stairs, and saw the prisoner on the further side of the room—his wife was lying on the floor—there was a brick on each side of her—on one was some blood—I gave him in charge to a brother constable, and fetched a doctor—I took the prisoner to the station, and asked him how he came to ill-use his wife—he said, by C—t, he only wished he had killed her dead, and likewise Mrs. Pyburn; he would sooner go and be hanged by the neck that morning than he would go and do a day's work—as I was coming over the Britannia-bridge, he said if he was taken, and had a month for it, he would have his revenge when he came out.

Prisoner. I never mentioned such words; I said I did not know whether to go and do a day's work or not, as I was so much in a passion. Witness. He did not say that.





CHARLES MATTHEW WAITE
. I am one of the house pupils at the London Hospital, and lodge in Mount-street. On the 25th of March the prosecutrix was brought to the hospital—she had a severe contusion on the forehead, and a lacerated wound at the back of the head—the scalp was cut, and it penetrated to the skull—the bone was not fractured—the lacerated wound was such as the side of a brick might inflict—it was rather a sharp wound, not very jagged—the wound on the forehead was such as the flat side of a brick might make, held in a man's hand, and struck with violence—there was danger from the wound, from a fear of erysipelas and inflammation of the brain—it was what I should call a serious wound—it was impossible to say at first what turn it might take—I considered her in danger so far, as all wounds in the head are dangerous—it in some measure depends on the degree of violence with which the blow was inflicted, but not entirely—these wounds were such as that erysipelas might naturally follow—I should describe the injury as a severe contusion and a lacerated wound—it did not produce concussion—I should say she had decidedly received a grievous bodily hurt.

Prisoner's Defence. I never hit her with the bricks; they picked them off the fire-place and put them there, and said I had thrown them; I was afraid of staying there that night for fear she should stick me through with a fork; I do not expect that any woman who broke her own mother's legs with a mallet, would have much luck.





ELLEN DONOVAN

re-examined. I did not break my mother's legs with a mallet—I can swear that—he knows nothing about my mother—she has been dead and buried six years—he is a villain—he was the cause of killing three children, one after another, in my womb—he never gave me a meal's victuals for three months—the neighbours gave me a crust of bread—he would go along with girls of the town to public-houses, come home, call me out of my name, and be ready to stick me with a knife—I never injured or struck my mother—I have been married to the prisoner six years, and sorry I am that I ever saw the vagabond—he is a great murderer, and I should like him punished—I have no children—I had three by him, but through his kicking and cutting me about he killed them in my womb, one after the other, and this is the first time of my giving him in charge; and I should not have given him in charge now but for the woman in the same house.


MR. WAITE
re-examined. I did not examine her ribs, as she did not complain of them.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

