



1634. 




GEORGE WILLIAMS, alias

Benjamin Jones
, was indicted

 for stealing 1 time-piece, value 18s.; and 1 glass shade, 2s.; the goods of 



George Lewis; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






GEORGE LEWIS.
 I live in Hand-court, Holborn—I had a time-piece safe about nine o'clock in the morning on the 12th of June—I put it in front of my shop, partly outside—I went out, and when I came home I missed it—this is it.





WILLIAM LAWRENCE.
 I am in the service of Mr. Lewis—I missed the time-piece from off the drawers in front of the shop—this is it.





WILLIAM LEWIS.
 I heard of the loss of this time-piece—I went and found the prisoner before eleven o'clock—he had this time-piece in a handkerchief.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not see a man with me? A. I did—he ran away directly—you said that man gave it you.





THOMAS WAINWRIGHT.
 I happened to be passing the prosecutor's shop that morning—I saw a man take something from the shop—to the best of my belief, it was the prisoner.

Prisoner. Q. Why did you not take me? A. I did not know but that

you belonged to the shop—I said before the Magistrate that I had no doubt from your appearance, you were the person—I did not see your face.

Prisoner. He said he thought it was me, he was almost sure; the Magistrate said, through my previous conviction, I must be the person, and then this witness swore to me; if I had had the means of employing a lawyer, I should not have been here now; I have been living with my father ever since I have been out of prison, about three months ago, for uttering a forged order, which I did not know was forged; I had this time-piece in my possession, but as to stealing it I did not.





WILLIAM WEST
 (police-constable T 105.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, by the name of Benjamin Jones—(read—Convicted 26th Oct., 1846; confined six months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
