




3060. 



JOHN KENNEDY
 and 




TIMOTHY BRYAN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
4th of Sept., at 
St. Martin-in-the-fields, 47 3/4 yards of kerseymere, value 16s., the goods of 



John Pannett Bull, in his dwelling-house; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






EDWIN MUNDAY
. I am in the service of Mr. John Pannett Bull, woollen warehouseman, in St. Martin's-lane. On Monday, the 4th of Sept., in consequence of information from Collier, I counted the rolls of drab-coloured

cloth, and missed one piece, numbered "8527," from about forty feet from the entrance—it contained 47 3/4 yards, and was worth about 16l.—it had come from the cloth-workers on the 29th of Aug.—on the 14th of Sept. it was produced by the policeman, and I knew it by the ticket, which was still on it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You never saw it after the 4th? A. I do not know that I ever saw it at all on my master's premises—I only know it was there from the books—this is the book—it is not in my handwriting,





GEORGE WOOD
. I am in the prosecutor's service. He does not live in the house—all the young men do—it is in the parish of St. Martin-in-the-Fields—this ticket is my handwriting—it was on the piece of goods when I wrote it.

Cross-examined. Q. You do not know the goods, do you? A. I do not know the colour, nor to what piece of cloth the ticket was attached—I wrote it about the 30th of Aug.—I marked a great many pieces that day, and this was one of them—there is no date upon it.





SARAH COLLIER
. I am the wife of Joseph Collier, a tailor, in Porter-street, Newport-market. Between one and two o'clock, on the 4th of Sept., I was passing along Rose-street, Long-acre, and saw Bryan and another man, (not Kennedy,) in a sailor's dress, rather bow-knee'd—the sailor had a roll of cloth—Bryan was in front of the other—I heard the sailor say to Bryan, D—n his eyes if he would carry it any further, he should be nibbled—Bryan said, "D—n your fool's eyes, come along, it is but a step or two further"—they went through the narrow courts, and Bryan tucked the corner of the cloth in that was hanging down—they rolled the cloth into No. 10, Laaenby-court, and then both ran down Conduit-court.

Cross-examined. Q. Where do you live? A. I did live at No. 2, Lazenby-court, close by—I stood at my door, saw where they put the cloth, and watched them—I told my husband directly, and then I went down to Mr. Bull, to see if he had lost it—Bryan was dressed very differently to what he is now—I have seen him dressed nearly the same as he was that day—he had on a pair of dark trowsers, a waistcoat with red on a black ground, and a blouse—I have seen him in a blouse before—I had never spoken to him before.





JOSEPH COLLIER
. I am the husband of Sarah Collier. On the 4th of Sept., in consequence of what she said, I went into Rose-street to look for a policeman—on my return I saw four persons in Lazenby-court—Kennedy was one—they had a bundle in a bag, and went along Hart-street—I followed them to Bull-inn-court, then one of them carried the bundle into a public-house, and the others went towards the Strand—I fetched an officer, went into the public-house, and found the bag behind the door—I took it to the station, and found this roll of cloth in it.

Cross-examined. Q. You will not say that Bryan was one of the four men? A. No, he was not one.





ELIZABETH TAYLOR
. I am the wife of James Taylor, and live in Boll Inn-court. On the 4th of Sept., between one and two o'clock, I was at my door—I saw two young men pass down the court—Kennedy was one of them—they came into the narrow part of the court, and ran down into the Strand—the other man was dressed in a frock-coat and a broad hat.





GEORGE WESTON
 (police-constable F 6.) I received a roll of cloth from Hunt, and delivered it to Mr. Bull—I cut this piece off that has the ticketon it—I took Kennedy—he denied the charge.





GEORGE HUNT
 (police-constable T 26.) I took the cloth from the public-house, and took it to the station.






JOSEPH MOUNT
 (police-constoble C 6.) I produce a certificate of Bryan's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

KENNEDY—


NOT GUILTY
.

BRYAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.

