



1847. 




CATHERINE BANIS
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 bag, value 1d.; and 11 shillings; the property of 



Lancelot Baxter, from his person; having been before convicted of felony.






LANCELOT BAXTER.
 On the 27th of July, about half-past seven in the morning, I went with the prisoner onto the Pit's Head, in Owen-street, to treat her to a glass of gin—I had a leathern purse with 12s. in it, and two keys—I gave her 1s. out of it to pay for the gin, and put the purse into my waistcoat pocket—she then wanted me to give her some money to treat some

of her companions—I refused—she put her hand into my pocket, took the bag and raced away.

Prisoner. Q. Were you not very much in liquor? A. No—I was locked up in the station with you, but unjustly, as I consider.





JOHN MOORE.
 I am a cabinet-maker, and live in Compton-street, Clerkenwell. I went into the Pit's Head about seven o'clock, and saw the prisoner and Baxter—she asked him to treat her to some gin—he gave her a 1s.—she said something about keeping the change—he put the purse into his pocket again—she laid hold of him and took the purse out—he laid hold of her arm, she wrenched her arm away, and got away altogether with the purse.

Prisoner. Q. How close were you to me? A. Nearer than I am now—I could see that it was a purse, and that there were a number of shillings there—I was sober—I did not look as if I had been up all night—I had just got up to go to work—I had none of the gin.

Prisoner. If I had robbed him, I should hardly have gone back to the same public-house.





THOMAS AMOS
 (policeman.) In consequence of information I took the prisoner, she denied the charge—I took her back to the public-house with me—she did not go back of herself—the purse was not found—there were other females there—I asked Baxter if he had been robbed—he said he had—I asked him to point out the woman—he tapped the prisoner on the shoulder, and said, "This is the woman that robbed me"—I found the prisoner with a man who was living with her—Baxter was rather the worse for liquor—Moore was perfectly sober.





THOMAS EVANS
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted Aug. 1846; and confined six months)—I was present at the trial, she is the person.




GUILTY. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

