



2201. 




FRANCIS WILLIAM KNIGHT



 was again indicud for stealing, on the 
24th of April, 2 5l. Bank of England notes, the property 



William Jenkins.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM JENKINS
. I live in Great Turnstile. On the 14th of April I put an advertisement in the Times—on the 15th I received a note; this is it—(read)—"If you will call on Mr. Knight, 6, Church-street, Soho, between twelve and three on Monday, he can inform you of a situation likely to suit you"—on the 17th I went, and saw the prisoner—he answered to the name of Mr. Knight—he told me it was the messengership of an insurance office, at 30s. a week—I was to give him 10l. to get it—I told him I must consider of it, and asked how he was going to get it—he said through the interest he had with the clerk of the insurance office—on the 21st I law him again—he wished to have testimonials as to my character—I brought him one as to my respectability, and he referred me to Mr. Parker, whom I called on three times, but never could see him at home—I told the prisoner so—he said he was gone into the country for a week, and he thought we could arrange the business

without, as he had a policy of insurance on the life of Miss Sarah Bullock for 300l.; and a friend of his, Mr. Knowles, had advanced 50l. on it, and Sarah Bullock was the person whose life was insured—I said I should consider of it—I wished to ascertain whether the policy was a true one—I went to the office to know if such a person had insured their life—they said yes—I went to the prisoner again, and he gave me a policy of insurance—I gave him two 5l. notes on the Monday—he said I could have the situation in ten or twelve days—the 10l. was to be given to the party who was to get the situation, and if the prisoner did not get me the situation he was to return me the money—it was on that statement I gave him the two 5l. notes—the agreement was drawn out before I gave him the money—this is the memorandum of agreement—(read)—"Memorandum of agreement between Mr. William Jenkins, of No. 4, Great Turnstile, Holborn, on the one part, and William Knight, of No. 6, Church-street, Soho, on the other part—"I, William Knight, have this day received from Mr. William Jenkins the sum of 10l., being the premium paid for a messengership of 30s. per week in the office of a certain Life Assurance Company, carrying on business in London; provided and be it clearly understood in reference to the above premium of 10l., without the said situation is obtained within a reasonable time, say ten or twelve days, the said premium to be returned to the above Mr. William Jenkins, without any deduction or charge whatever; and be it also on the other hand clearly understood, that if the said Mr. William Jenkins shall, when the situation becomes vacant, refuse to fill the same from any other cause than ill health, the sum of 10l. to become the property of the said William Knight; and be it further understood, that the above William Knight has placed a policy of insurance, effected with the National Loan Fund Life Assurance Society of Cornhill, London, for 300l., on the life of Miss Sarah Bullock, in the names of the said William Jenkins, as security for the said William Knight duly and faithfully fulfilling the contract as above recited, and the said Mr. William Jenkins doth hereby bind and oblige himself to deliver up the above-named policy to the said William Knight the moment the above contract is fulfilled."—Two or three days after I received this letter, in the prisoner's handwriting—(read)—"6, Church-street, Soho, April 26th, 1843. Dear Sir,—I am instructed by the gentleman who will appoint you to your situation, that he would wish to decline an interview until Monday, the 8th of May, at half-past eight in the morning, when you will be immediately appointed, and commence your duties from that time. I am, &c., Francis W. Knight."—Next day I called on the prisoner, and told him I did not feel satisfied—he said it was all perfectly right—I pressed him several timet to tell me what insurance it was—he said the National Life Insurance—he went to a drawer, and took out a dozen papers—he selected one, and said that was it—it was in King William-street—I left him, and felt satisfied—in five or six days I called again—he had then left—on Monday, the 8th of May, I received this letter, which is in the prisoner's handwriting—(read)—"Monday. SIR,—A temporary difficulty is the sole cause of my not being able to see you to-day. I sincerely regret that it should have happened, but if you will have a little patience you will soon be made straight and comfortable. I am, &c., F. W. Knight."—A few days after that I put an advertisement in the Times in hopes of detecting him—I used different initials, and a different place, and I received this other letter—"To A. Z. 7, Great Union-street, Newington-causeway, May 11,1843. SIR,—If you will call at the above address between the hours of eleven and two o'clock to-morrow or the following day, I can introduce you to a messengership of 30s. per week, if you can give satisfactory references. I am, &c., F. W. KNIGHT. "—I knew it was

his handwriting—I and my brother went there—my brother knocked at the door—they said he was engaged—we waited about a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes, and said we would go in then—the party knocked at the door of the parlour, which was his office—he said, "Walk in"—my brother went in—I followed him—the prisoner appeared thunderstruck, and said he was just thinking about writing to me—I told him I dare say he was—there were parties there, and I cautioned them against paying any money—the prisoner made no answer to that, but after that he said he hoped I should not say any thing prejudicial to his character, as he should return the money in a few days, or make, it all straight—I called again on the 18th of May, and found he was gone.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me write that agreement? A. Not this one, but I saw you copy it.

COURT. Q. Did you ever see him write? A. Yes, I swear these papers are in his handwriting.





CATHERINE ISABELLA CALLEN
. I live in Church-street, Soho. The prisoner lodged in my house from the 1 Ith of March up to the 29th of April—Mrs. Knight came with him—the prosecutor called several times—the prisoner asked me to give him a reference to a person who would call—he had a situation to dispose of—I said I could say no more than I knew—he left after two days' notice.





DAVID JONES
. I am actuary to the National Life Insurance Office, King William-street. I never saw the prisoner—in April or May there was no messenger's place vacant at our office.




GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Seven Years.

