



1776. 




THOMAS RILEY
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Edward Smith, on the 
2nd of June, at 
St. Luke, and stealing therein, 2 gowns, value 8s.; 1 shawl, value 9s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 6s.; 3 brooches, value 11s. 6d.; 1 seal, value 6d.; and 1 1/2 yard of silk, value 5s.; his goods.






ELIZABETH SMITH
. I am the wife of Edward Smith, of New-street, Old-street, in the parish of St. Luke—he keeps the house. On the evening of the 2nd of June I was washing in my kitchen, and left my street-door open—I fancied I heard a noise on the staircase, and moved the kitchen-door to look—I saw the prisoner coming down the passage, and said, "Where have You been, sir?"—he said, "I have been to Mrs. Jones"—I have no such person in the house—my suspicions were excited—I said, "You have been to my drawers"—he made no reply, but endeavoured to pull me into the street—I laid hold of a bundle which he had under his arm—after standing a little while, he got from me, struck me in the eye, and dug his nails into my wrist—I cried, "Stop thief!"—a lodger in my house, overtook him directly he got from me—the bundle contained two gowns, a shawl, and a yard and a half of silk—the other things were on his person—these are all my husband's property.





MARIA PHILLIPS
. On the 2nd of June I was sitting at work by my parlour window, and heard a noise in the street—I came out, and saw the prisoner making his escape from Mrs. Smith—I ran after him, and overtook him a few yards from the house—he struck me several times on the head, till he got away from me—Mr. Ash overtook him, and he was taken by the police.





WALTER ASH
. I was standing in the street, Phillips said to me, "Stop the thief, Mr. Ash"—I stopped the prisoner as soon as possible—I saw him running from them—I clasped him in my arms directly—he was about fifty yards from Mrs. Phillips, he was in sight—I saw him turn round the corner, and took him against the church-wall—he said, "Don't stop me, for I've done nothing amiss"—I said, "There is a cry of Stop thief," and I shall not lose You—we had a great struggle—I got him down, and delivered him to the policeman—I saw him searched, and three brooches, some seals, two pocket-handnkerchiefs, and three skeleton-keys were found on him.





JOHN HAYNES
 (police-constable G 155.) The prisoner was delivered into my charge, with the property—I found two silk handkerchiefs in his side coat-pocket, and three brooches and a seal in his waist-coat pocket, and these skeleton-keys.

MRS. SMITH
re-examined. These are all mine.

Prisoner's Defence, I picked these things up by the side of the door, and the lady called out, "Stop thief!" I turned back, and asked if she

called "Stop thief" after me. She said the things belonged to her, and I gave them to her.

MRS. SMITH
re-examined. I had left part of the things in my drawers, and part in my wash-hand-stand in my bed-room, up one pair of stairs.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutrix.




Transported for Twelve Years.
