




738. 




JOHN RICKARDS
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
14th of January, 4 yards of kerseymere, value 1l.; 1 yard of velvet, value 6s.; 6 yards of ribbon, value 4s.; 3 pairs of gloves, value 4s.; 24 handkerchiefs, value 2l. 10s.; 6 1/2 yards of cambric, value 2l. 5s.; 4 veils, value 1l. 17s.; 2 1/2 yards of linen-cloth, value 4s.; 16 yards of silk, value 35s.; and 2 table-cloths, value 4s.; the goods of 



John Hopkins and another, his masters; and 




MARY WELSFORD



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.; to which RICKARDS pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Seven Years.

MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM CARPENTER
. I am in the employ of my uncle, a pawnbroker, in Charles-street, St. George's. On the 14th of January, I received a piece of broad-cloth in pledge from Welsford, in the name of Mary Kepple—I knew her before—I advanced 11s. on it—this is the duplicate I gave her—on the 18th of January I took these nineteen handkerchiefs in pledge of her, seven silk and twelve cambric, in the name of Mary Welsford, Tarling-street, for 1l.—they are all new—this is the duplicate I gave her—she told roe they were a present from her intended husband—they were folded in this paper—there is a portion of Mr. Hopkins's name on it—on the 20th of January the inspector called and saw these articles.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You knew Welsford perfectly well? A. Yes, she had been in the habit of pledging there about six months—I did not exactly know where she lived, but I knew where I could find her—she pawned some of these things in the name she was in the habit of pawning in—that is done by persons who are very honest.





DANIEL DERRIG
 (police-sergeant K 27.) In consequence of information from my inspector, I went to Mr. Carpenter's, and examined these duplicates, and seeing "No. 2, Tarling-street." on them, I went and found, Welsford there, in a bed-room in the front-parlour—when she saw me she said, "Oh, I thought it was Rickards, have you seen him?"—I said, "No, I have not, I came about these handkerchiefs which were pledged at Carpenter's—"she said, "Oh, I have got the duplicate of them, you can have it if you please"—she then gave me these eight duplicates—amongst them was one for the handkerchiefs and the broad-cloth—I said, "You must come with me"—she said, "I hope not, I hope Rickards has not been doing any thing wrong; he gave me the handkerchiefs, and I pledged them"—Mr. Peggs came to the station while I was entering the charge against Welsford—up to the time of my taking her to the station, she did not produce or deliver to me any thing but the eight duplicates—I went with Mr. Peggs to her lodging, to the same room in which I found her—I there found a silk dress, a piece of new Irish linen, four new veils, twelve new

cambric handkerchiefs, a piece of new French cabric, three pairs of gloves, (one pair new and the others appeared to have been worn,) two collars, two new table-cloths, some cambric handkerchiefs, which have been made up, some marked "Rickards," and some "Welsford," a volume of the "Pirate," a black silk handkerchief, which has been hemmed but not worn, a red merino shawl, a bonnet, and a wrapper—they were identified by Mr. Peggs—I got from Mr. Peggs a pair of trowsers and a black satin waistcoat, and two handkerchiefs marked "1" and "7," which were found in Rickard's drawer—I afterwards went with Mr. Pegg to his shop in Shoreditch—Rickards was called into the counting-house by Mr. Pegg, who charged him in my presence with robbing them to a great extent—I said he must consider himself in my custody, and I should take him to Shadwell, where a young woman was charged of the name of Welsford—he said, "I know her"—after that he cried, and asked Mr. Hopkins to forgive him—Mr. Hopkins said, "No, I shall do no such thing"—I then took Rickards up stairs—he gave me the keys of his drawers—I returned them to him and asked him to unlock the drawers which belonged to him—he did so, and Mr. Pegg selected from them these two handkerchiefs.





MARY KEPPELL
. I live in Tarling-street—I do not keep a house of accommodation. Welsford lodged there on the 14th and 18th of January—she has lodged with me nine months—she only occupies the front-parlour—it is a bed-room and sitting-room—Rickards has been in the habit of visiting her—he has been paying his addresses to her for four months—I never knew him sleep there except on the night before the day he was taken, when he slept in Welsford's room—I do not know whether he slept with her—I inquired of her how it happened—she told me he had been locked out of the shop—she is a dress-maker.

Cross-examined. Q. You knew nothing of his sleeping there the night before that? A. No, I should not have allowed that to go on in my house—he spoke of marriage repeatedly, and it was the general opinion they were to be married—I have seen him at different times make her presents of a dress and some handkerchiefs, about four months back—he said it was some stock he had when he was in business at Devonport—the dress was a brown silk one—I believe this to be it—I did not see her receive the dress—she told me he gave it her—I saw him give her the handkerchiefs—he said they were stock he had—I had no reason to disbelieve he had been in business at Davenport—Welsford comes from Exeter, and has been respectable, and borne a good character—my husband is chief officer of the Runimede, and lives with me when he is at home from sea—I do not allow men and women to come to my house—I came from Exeter, and Welsford came with me, about nine months since—she has been gaining her living honestly.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you know Rickards was in the service of Hopkins and Peggs? A. I knew he was in a situation in the draperyline—I did not know where—I have known Welsford four or five years—she is nineteen years old—she has a mother living at Exeter—I brought her to London.





JAMES PEGGS
. I am in partnership with Mr. John Hopkins—we keep a linen-draper's shop in Shoreditch—Rickard's had been in our employ nearly a month—he came as shop-walker—he had 60l. a-year and his board—the articles produced are all ours—they had not been sold to the prisoner—they are worth nearly 12l.—I charged Rickards with having

robbed us, and he asked forgiveness—Mr. Hopkin's said he could not do any such thing—this paper is a wrapper of some goods that has borne the stamp of our house—I produce the piece of brass which made the impression—here is enough left to show that it is made from our stamp.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose the whole of these goods could not have been taken at one time? A. I should say not—the probability is, that they were taken at different times—Rickards came from Hertford to us.





FRANCIS GOETZE
. I am in the prosecutor's employ. These veils are the prosecutor's property—here is part of the shop-ticket on one of them.





HENRY COX
. I am in the prosecutor's employ. I saw Welsford once at their shop about three weeks before this transaction—I saw her speak to Rickard's at that time.





ELIAS PHILLIPS
. I am in the prosecutor's employ. I have seen Welsford in the shop, speaking to Rickards, and saw her waiting outride the shop two or three times—I have seen Rickards talk to her at the door.

WELSFORD—


NOT GUILTY
.
