



2816. 




HENRY COX
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th of April, an order for the payment of 186l.19s. 6d., the property of 



George Clark, his master.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the property of George Clark and another.—2 other COUNTS, calling it a warrant; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE CLARK
. I am a solicitor, and live at New Brentford, and am clerk to the board of guardians of the Brentford Union. In March, Apil, and May last the prisoner was in my employ as clerk—he had been in my service about six years—it was his duty to assist in the money departmen of the Union, and in the payment of the drafts—Charles Roope was employed as a tradesman to the Union—the sum of 186l. 19s. 6d. was to him on the 19th of March, from the Union—the cheque now produced was signed for that amount in his favour by the presiding chairman of the board, in the presence of two guardians—it was handed over to me in that state on the 23rd of March—I had to countersign it before it was paid to Roope—it would not be paid by Messrs. Twining without my counter signature—the prisoner came to me about that cheque about the 30th of April, and said Mr. Roope wanted his draft, would I sign it—I did so, and handed it over to him—he left on the 1st or 2nd of

June through indisposition—he never came to my office again as clerk—he left ultimately about the 24th or 25th of June—I received a letter from him on the 27th, and then he had quitted wholly—I had not received any intimation from him of his intention to do so—I did not see him again till be was in custody—I did not see Mr. Rooper before the prisoner left—after receiving the letter I made inquiry, and found that he had wholly gone away.

Cross-examined by
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. From where? A. From his residence at Isleworth—he had gone away entirely—it was a month or more before I heard from him again—he was originally a clerk in my office—I afterwards employed him in all sorts of ways in the Union—I did not make him a separate allowance for the Union business until latterly—I increased his salary—he conducted himself so well that the board wished to make him a present—I got an increase for my services, end gave it to him—the cheque was issued at Lady-day quarter, and counter-signed late in April—our quarters commence on the 19th of the month—the cheque is dated 29th March—it would belong to the quarter between the 19th of March and the 19th of June—that is a regulation always acted on till latterly—I know of no order of the board for that—the cheque is delivered to me by the board of guardians, and I countersign it, and pay it to Mr. Roope—Twinings are the treasurers of the Union—very large sums of money passed through the prisoner's hands; a great many hundred pounds. MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Have you made up the deficiency to Mr. Roope? A. I have, out of my own pocket—I have a partner—I paid the 186l. 19s. 6d. to Mr. Roope out of the partnership money—my partner is not the clerk of the Union.





CHARLES ROOPE
. I am a linen-draper. I have been in the habit of supplying goods for the Brentford Union—for the March quarter my account was 186l. 19s. 6d.—I never received this cheque in payment, or any cheque or draft from the prisoner for that amount, or for that quarter—I bad not made any application to the prisoner in April to get me a cheque from Mr. Clark—I never authorised him or anybody to make such an application to Mr.—Clark—I have since received payment from Mr. Clark. Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You have received cheques, I believe, from the prisoner? A, I have, for some considerable time past—my son sometimes receives money for me in my absence, and also Spence, my clerk—he did not very frequently receive parish money—I think only on one occasion that I know of—he is not here, nor was he before tire Magistrate.





CHARLES ROOPE, JUN
. I am the last witness's son. I never directed the prisoner to apply to Mr. Clark for a cheque of 186l. 19s. 6d. for the quarter due on the 19th of June—he never paid it to me—I never authorised him or anybody to apply for it.





JOSEPH HAWKINS
. I am one of the cashiers at Twinings' banking-house. We are the bankers of the Brentford Union—on the 14th of May I paid the cheque produced.





JAMES DIGNUM
. I produce a certificate of the prisoners former conviction which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(ready)—I am an attorney—the prisoner had been in my employ—I prosecuted him in 1834, when he was convicted of embezzlement, and sentenced to seven years' transportation—he is the person mentioned in the certificate.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
