






2833. 




RICHARD BURROWS,



 CHARLES TOWNSEND,



 MARY ANN JOHNSON
, and 




ELLEN TEMPLE
, were indicted for

 feloniously and falsely making 4 pieces of counterfeit coin, intended to resemble and pass for current shillings.


MESSRS. PAYNE
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM GUEST
 (police-constable L 62.) On the afternoon of the 7th of October I went, with three other officers, to No. 3, James-place, St. Ann-street, Westminster—we found the street door open, and went up stairs—there is only one room up stairs—the door was shut—I put my shoulder against it, to endeavour to open it; and on doing so, a rush was made towards the door by persons inside, pushing it back, and trying to keep it closed—we ultimately succeeded in forcing it open, and found all the four prisoners in the room—the moment I entered I saw Burrows go towards the window, which was open, and throw something white out of his hand across the court, and into the open window of a house opposite, and I then heard the jinking of coin falling on the floor of the room opposite—he then jumped out of the window, right across the court, a distance of between five and six feet, into the window, of the other house—I saw him stoop repeatedly in that room, go towards the fire-place, and throw something into the fire—he then came to the window, dropped down into the court, and made off—Brook followed him—I assisted in securing the other three—I left them in the care of Lupton and Goff, and went into the opposite house to the room I had seen Burrows in—I there found these three counterfeit shillings on the floor, two others on the hob, and two in a piece of paper under an ornament on the mantel-piece—I saw melted metal running from the grate into the ashes beneath—I picked some of it up—here is part of a shilling which I picked up—I came down into the court again, and between the two windows in the court I found this shilling—I then went into the room into which I originally went, and found in the cupboard some plaster-of-Paris in this bag, also this iron spoon, which appears to have contained metal, and three or four Britannia metal teaspoons.





HENRY LUPTON
 (police-sergeant L 7.) I went with the other policemen to this house, and assisted in opening the door, which was resisted by the two female prisoners—when I got into the room I saw the four prisoners there—I saw Burrows throw something from him, and then jump out of the window into the window opposite—I saw that Townsend was about to take the same step, and I caught him under his arm, just as he was going out of the window—he called to Burrows, who was in the room opposite, and said, "Here," and threw something, which looked to me like shillings—I drew him back into the room and secured him—I then saw Burrows stooping or kneeling down in the room opposite, picking something up, and throwing it on the fire—he then jumped out of the window into the court—he fell on his back, got up, and was followed by Brook—I assisted to secure the other prisoners—I then searched the room, and on the fire I found this spoon full of metal, both red hot, and a saucer on the table, close to the fire, containing nine shillings, which I should say were bad—I also found a spoon partly melted, and a small file—Temple was crying, and Townsend said to her, "Don't fret,"or,

"Don't cry, they cannot hurt you"—while they were waiting at the police-court, Temple said he was only sorry they had not had a fight for it with the pokers and knives—Burrows said, "Leave the knives out, not with the knives."

Townsend. I never said any such thing. Witness. Yes, you did.





CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
 (police-constable L 83.) I went to this house—Lupton had hold of Townsend as I entered the room—I saw part of a plaster-of-Paris mould on the floor, close under Townsend's feet—Johnson stepped on part of it, and broke it into dust—I pushed her away from it, into the corner—I then picked it up—it was quite hot—I turned it over into my handkerchief, and held it—I found a shilling in it, which was quite hot, and burnt my fingers—I found this holder lying close by the mould—it was also hot—I looked into the cupboard, and found some pieces of plaster-of-Paris—I found portions of melted metal among the cinders in the fire-place—I found this knife on the table—Townsend claimed it, and wished me to give it to him—I refused—here are some other pieces of plaster-of-Paris, which I found about the room.





JAMES BROOK
 (police-constable L 118.) I went with the other witnesses—I remained outside the house—I saw Burrows jump out of the window into the window of a house opposite—I went up stairs, and was making my way into the room where he was, when he jumped out again into the court—I followed after him—I stopped him—he was very violent, and tried to get away from me—I searched him, and found a counterfeit shilling, which I produce, in his trowsers pocket—as I was taking him to the station, some person asked him if he was got to rights—he said no, they could only give him two stretch—I understood that to mean two years.

Burrows. Q. What was the reason you struck me with the handcuffs on my head? A. You would have got away from me—you did get away from me in the court—you were very violent before you were in custody.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you do any thing more than was necessary to keep him from escaping? A. No.





THOMAS PARKER
. I am a brass and ivory turner. The house, No. 3, James-place, St. Ann-street, belongs to me—Johnson took the room in which the prisoners were found, about a fortnight previous to the officers coming—I have seen all the other prisoners in the rcom occasionally, since Johnson took it.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Mint, and have been so a great many years. All the nineteen shillings produced are counterfeit in all respects—sixteen have been cast in the same mould, and three in another—here are two pieces of a plaster-of-Paris mould—on one of the pieces is part of the impression of the obverse side of a shilling, and on another piece is a small portion

of the impression of the reverse side—one of the shillings, said to be found hot in the mould, is similar to the sixteen—here are portions of metal, which appear to have been fused, also part of a shilling partly melted, but part of the impression is on it—here are other portions of a plaster-of-Paris mould having no impression on it—here are some iron spoons, which appear to have been used for the purpose of fluxing metal, having white metal in them now, similar to the counterfeit shillings—one iron spoon has a considerable quantity of similar metal in it now—it appears to be Britannia metal—here is part of a Britannia metal spoon, the handle of which appears to have been melted, and a file, having white metal in the teeth, which appears to have been used lor the purpose of removing the metal from the edges of the shillings, which are at present unfinished—here is a small portion of plaster-of-Paris in powder, similar to that which would 10rm the moulds—the other things are such as might be applied to the purposes of coining.

Townsend's Defence. I had not been to bed on Friday night; on Saturday morning, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I went up there, and asked if they would let me lie down, which they did; I was there three or four hoars; I heard a disturbance in the court; I hastily got out of bed, and was seized and handcuffed.

BURROWS—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

TOWNSEND—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

JOHNSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

TEMPLE—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.







Transported for Ten Years.

