



1006. 




JANE MATTHEWS



, stealing 200 sovereigns, 400 half-sovereigns, 400 crowns, 400 half-crowns, 400 shillings, and 400 sixpences; the moneys of 



Henry Luard and others, in the dwelling-house of 



Mary Ann Griffiths.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






RICHARD HUMPHREYS
. I am messenger to the London and County Bank in Lombard-street. On Monday, 12th March, I made up a parcel containing 200l. in gold, and 200l. in silver—Augustus Prime took the parcel—this is it.





AUGUSTUS PRIME
. I am porter to the London and County Bank. On 12th March I took this parcel from the Bank to the Cross Keys, St. John-street—I delivered it to Jonathan Seymour, the coachman of the Bedford-coach.





JONATHAN SEYMOUR
. I am the coachman of the Luton coach, which starts at five o'clock in the evening, from the Cross Keys, in St. John-street—I received this parcel from Prime on 12th March, about a quarter of an honr before the coach started—I put the parcel on a desk in the inner bar—Mrs. Griffith was in the outer bar—the prisoner was in the inner bar, sitting by the side of the fireplace—I left the parcel on the desk—I always put it there.





MARY ANN GRIFFITHS
. I keep the Cross Keys, in St. John-street, Clerkenwell—it is my dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. Sepulchre—the Luton coach goes from my house about five o'clock. On the 12th March I saw the coachman come with the parcel into the bar-room—I saw him put it on the desk, on the left-hand as you go into the room—the prisoner was in the bar at that time, sitting opposite the door, a little beyond the fire-place—I think I had spoken to her, but I am not quite certain—I was there when she first came, about twenty minutes before five o'clock—she had a shawl and bonnet on—she asked Miss Bishop some question, and went away—she returned, and after she had returned I saw her sitting in the bar-room when the coachman took the parcel to the desk—the door by which you enter from the bar to the bar-room is a glazed door—I remember a gentleman coming in in a very few minutes after the parcel came—I knew him by sight, he had been sometimes at the house—I did not know his name—I do not think he had anything in his hand—he went into the bar-room—I was inside the bar, and met him coming, before he got to the door which goes into the bar-room—I interposed to prevent his going into that room—he pushed rudely, by me, saying there was a lady there belonging to him—he then went by the glazed door into the bar-room, and went up to where the prisoner was sitting—there was a conversation between them—I heard nothing more than the word "wife," which was said by the prisoner—I was then standing near the desk on which the parcel was—I noticed that it was in its proper state, and done up in brown paper, sealed and directed—this is it—while I was standing near the desk, the gentleman called for a glass of sherry—I went towards the door, and asked Miss Bishop to bring it him—she brought it, and I gave it him—I was all the time remaining in the room—he gave me a shilling to pay for it, and I called to Miss Bishop to give 6d. change—in doing that I turned from the prisoner and the gentleman towards the glazed door, and I observed, reflected by the glass, the red seals of a parcel being passed by the gentleman across to the prisoner where she was sitting—the gentleman was then between the desk and the chair the prisoner was sitting on—I went to the desk, and there found a different parcel to the one that had been there—this is it—it is

sealed, but has no direction on it—I examined it so as to see that it was not the parcel that had been there before—I turned to the gentleman, and said, "You have changed the banker's parcel!"—I had the sham parcel then in my hand—on my saying that he took hold of my arm, and attempted to pot me out of the bar—I threw this parcel to Miss Bishop, and said, "Get assistance;" but he succeeded in pushing past me and leaving the house—I turned, and saw the parcel drop from the right side of the prisoner—I did not observe where it came from—she had then left the chair and approached the desk—she said, "What is all this about?"—she did not attempt to leave the room then—she had before approached the door, and I said to her, "If he has escaped, you shall not"—a gentleman named Elwin came to ray assistance, and she was detained—there was no other parcel on the desk but the banker's parcel—I had known the gentleman by sight—he had called to leave a coat, and sometimes had a glass of sherry when he fetched it away In the afternoon—there were two men in the house, whom I had noticed before when that gentleman was there—they were standing at the bar window—I believe they had some brandy-and-water—I did not serve them—I did not see anything more of them.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Ton only saw the parcel on the ground? A. I saw it sliding down by the side of the prisoner's dress—I am sure that is correct—I was very much flurried—when the man came in, he went up at once and spoke to the prisoner—her shawl had fallen from her shoulder, as I supposed, with the weight of the parcel.





ANN BISHOP
. I assist Mrs. Griffiths in the business. On 12th March the prisoner came there from half-past four o'clock to twenty minutes before five—she asked what time the coach went, and asked to be allowed to sit down—she moved towards the inner bar—I told her that room was engaged, she could go into the coffee-room or up stairs—she said there were gentlemen in the coffee-room, and she expected a friend, she would walk out a little way—she went out, and came back—I then asked her to walk into the barparlour, and she did, and sat on a chair near the fire—I saw a gentleman come in—he said, "You have a lady here belonging to me"—that was said loud enough for the prisoner to hear—he pushed rudely by Mrs. Griffiths, and pushed into the room—I heard Mrs. Griffiths ask for a glass of sherry, which I gave her—she then gave me a shilling to give her sixpence change—the gentleman then pushed her, she threw the parcel to me, and he made his escape—she called for assistance, and Mr. Elwin came in—I had seen the gentleman several times before—he used to come in the morning, and ask me to take his coat—he never treated me with anything to drink—I saw two other men in the house, and on one occasion I had seen one of those men and the gentleman walking together in Old-street-road—those two men were at the house that day, and had brandy-and-water—when this took place, they said, "What is the matter?" and went away, leaving their brandy-and-water partly untouched, and not paid for.





REV. THOMAS HENEY ELWIN
. I am a clergyman of East Barnet—I was at the Cross Keys waiting for the Luton coach—in consequence of some alarm I went to the bar, and saw Mrs. Griffiths—the prisoner was in the bar-room, and Mrs. Griffiths asked me to assist in detaining her, which I did—the policeman came, and she was taken into custody—she said, "Why am I detained?" and said they were in error.





ELIZABETH LICKFIELD
. I keep a coffee-house, in Bridge-street, Southwark—I know the prisoner—she came to me in Feb.—she gave the name of Mrs. Matthews—she lodged three weeks with me.






WILLIAM M'KEWAN
. I am accountant at the London and County Bank—Mr. Henry Luard is the general manager of the bank—he is a shareholder and there are others.





JOHN ARCHER
 (policeman, G 217). The prisoner was given into my custody for stealing the banker's parcel—she said, "Allow me to have a glass of sherry, or sherry and water"—I then told her she must come with me to this station—she said she was waiting for a Miss Brown, who was going by the coach to Barnet—I said we would wait till the coach started to see if she came we waited, and she did not—I then took the prisoner—I was present where she was taken before the Magistrate—she was asked her name, and she said we might give her any name we pleased, one name was as good as another—on the last examination she gave the name of Jane Matthews.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Ten Years.

