



507. 




AMELIA PAYNE
was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of December, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., 3 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns, 1 halfcrown, and 1 5l. promissory-note, the property of 



Henry Cook, from his person.






HENRY COOK.
I am a labourer, I live in Yorkshire. I came up to London to buy some onions, and met the prisoner on the 23rd of December, at one o'clock in the morning—she spoke to me first, and asked me to give her a drop of gin—we went to the Three Tuns, public-house, and I gave her a little—I afterwards went with her to a house in West-street, and we went up stairs—I gave her a shilling, and the woman of the house a shilling—I was only to stay a short time—I was on the bed with three prisoner—I had a pocket-book in my waistcoat-pocket, containing three sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, a half-crown, and a 5l. promissory-note—I fell asleep till about seven o'clock—the prisoner was then gone, and another woman came up, awoke me, and said some other persons wanted the bed—I did not seem willing to go, and she pushed me down—when I got to the passage I put my hand to my pocket, and found my money was gone—I saw the prisoner in the lower room with two men—I was pushed out—I went and told the policeman—I lost a handkerchief, which was taken from my hat—the prisoner was taken that morning, and my handkerchief was found on her neck, under her shawl—I never gave it to her—my money and note was gone—I did not take my waistcoat off.

Prisoner. You say you met me in Smithfield, which is false—you did not, and you had been with another female before me, in the early part of the night—you made a remark to me, in Farringdon-street, that Smithfield was a fine place to lose your pocket-book in—you gave me the shilling, and then you gave me the handkerchief, and said you would make it

up to me next time you saw me—you said it was a 5l. note, and then a 10l. note, and now you differ again in your story. Witness. No, I did not—I met her in Smithfield—I had not been with another female—I did not say that Smithfield was a fine place to lose my pocket-book—I did not give her the handkerchief.





JOHN CALE
(City police-constable, No, 236.) The prosecutor stated to me that he had been robbed—I went in search of the prisoner—I found her at No. 2, West-street, Smithfield—she had on a shawl, and the handkerchief taken from the prosecutor was taken off her neck at the watchhouse—the end of the handkerchief was visible under the shawl she had over it—I took her in the same house where the prosecutor had been—she was with another woman and two men.

Prisoner's Defence. He was very drunk at the time—I am innocent.




GUILTY.Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years

