



639. 




DANIEL HARRINGTON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
25th of January, 4 dishes, value 8l.; 4 dish-covers, value 12l.; 4 dishcover handles, value 4l.; and 1 printed book, value 1s.; the goods of 




Arthur Brown Spry, clerk, in a certain vessel in a port of entry and discharge.—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 



James Edward Pattenson.






HENRY CREW
. I live with Mr. Ogleby, a pawnbroker in High-street, Poplar. On the evening of the 25th of January, the prisoner came, and produced this handle of a tureen, plated with silver, and wanted a sovereign for it—it is worth 1l.—he said he had several more at home—a police-man was sent for, and took him.





JOHN DAVIES
 (police-constable K 94.) I went into Ogleby's shop, and asked the prisoner where he got the handle from—he said he found it in the street at Rotherhithe, where he had been in work, at the Surreycanal,

unloading a barge of stones—I took him to the station, and found his account of where he had been working incorrect—I went and searched his house, but found nothing.





PHILIP HOOKER
. I am an officer of the Lord Lowther vessel, in the East India Docks, which is part of the port of London. There was a case on board containing these articles—I saw it on board on the 21st of January—it was then unbroken—I have since seen it in a broken state at the Thames Police-office—the case produced is it.





JOHN ADRUM NEWTH
. I live in Arnold-place, Walworth, and am clerk to Mr. Maynard, an outfitter and general agent. We received this case from Mrs. Spry, with instructions to ship it in the Lord Lowther, a ship of 1400 tons burthen, to go to Calcutta—I put it into a cart to go to the dock, and afterwards saw it in a shed at the docks—it was then perfect.





ALEXANDER LAKE
. I am constable of the East and West India Docks. In consequence of information I went into the hold of the Lord Lowther with the second officer, and saw this case, directed to the Rev. Arthur Brown Spry—it was broken in several pieces, and a small book was found in the ballast in the hold—I found four dishes and covers on the Friday morning between the water-cask and the ship's side—two of them are injured as if by forcing open the case—I have applied the handle produced to one of the covers—it fits it, and appears to belong to it





PHILIP HOOKER

re-examined. The prisoner was a labourer on board the vessel, and was so on the 21st of January, employed in the hold stowing the articles away—he had access to where this case was.

MRS. SPRY. I am the wife of James Hume Spry, of Clapham. I saw these dishes and covers at the Thames Police-office—they are our property—I saw the handle at the Thames Police-office—it exactly resembles the other handles, and fits the cover—the covers have our coat of arms on them—all the handles are gone except this—I packed the articles in a tin case, which was soldered down and a wooden case put over it—I also put a little book called "Chit Chat" into the box—they were going to our son.





PHILIP HOOKER

re-examined. The ship was nearly empty—there was about fifty tons of goods in the aft hold—this case would come into the prisoner's hands—they use crow-bars and things on board, which would break the case open and injure the covers as these are—the point of a crowbar would prize the case open.

Prisoner's Defence. I found it in the street.




GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Ten Years.
