




871. 




JOHN HOWARD
 and 




JOHN KEITH
 were indicted for

 breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Fox, on the 
2nd of February, at 
St. Luke, and stealing therein I writing-desk, value 2l. 10s., the goods of 



John Joseph Parker; and I table-cover, value 12s.; and 1 tea-caddy, value 2s.; the goods of 



William Fox; to which 
HOWARD pleaded




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.





WILLIAM FOX
. I am a carpenter, and live at No. 15, Powell-street, west, King-square, Goswell street, in the parish of St. Luke—I reside in the house. On the 2nd of February, about a quarter before nine o'clock in the evening, I was standing by the fire in the back parlour, and thought I heard somebody in the passage—I am quite sure the passage-door had been shut—I took a candle off the table, and went into the front parlour—as soon as I opened the door I saw the table-cover was gone—I also missed a tea-caddy and a writing-desk belonging to Mr. John Joseph Parker, a lodger—I then went out to see if I could see any body, and met a policeman in Brick-lane—we went to the station, and the officer produced my table-cover and tea-caddy—I then went to a court in Golden-lane, and there found the writing-desk—my door had been fastened with a mock Brahmah latch—they must have got in by a skeleton-key—there was no marks of any breaking.





THOMAS MOONEY
. I am apprentice to Mr. Powell, a jeweller. About eight o'clock in the evening of the 2nd of February I was coming out of

my house, opposite Mr. Fox's, and saw four men outside his house—having suspicion, I walked up and down the street, and watched their motions—I went to the corner, and peeped and saw two men go out into the road, and look up at the window—they came to the bottom of the street, and I took the next turning, which is Wellington-street, and took the first turning to the right, which took me into the same street again—as I was coming down on the same side of the way as the prosecutor's house, I saw a man not in custody come out with a writing-desk, and Howard at his heels with the caddy and table-cover—I made no alarm, but went to the bottom of the street, took the same turning as before, and saw the whole four on the opposite side of the way—Keith is one of them, and he was one of those I saw with the others before they went into the house—I followed them down Brick-lane, and when they came to the White Lion public-house, I saw Keith assist in carrying the writing-desk—when they got to the top of Brick-lane I lost sight of Keith—when I crossed over Old-street to Golden-lane, I saw the writing-desk in the possession of the man that took it out of the house—I followed them down Golden-lane till they came to the third court—I saw policemen Nos. 81 and 63 at a distance—I went to them, and told them—at that time the man with the writing-desk had turned into the court, and Howard came down with the table-cover and tea caddy under his arm—Horsford (policeman 63) came with me, and took Howard into custody with the tea-caddy and table-cover on him—he took him down the court where I had directed the policeman, No. 81—I heard a sudden start in the passage, and saw Keith coming down the stairs of a house—I recognised him to be one of the party—we went into that house, and there the writing-desk was found—I had never seen Keith before, but I am sure he is the man I saw with the writing-desk.

Keith. Q. You told the Magistrate you could only swear to me by having a comforter round my neck, now what comforter was it, a white or red one? A. A red one, but I am able to swear to you from other circumstances—I am quite sure of you.





WILLIAM CONSTABLE
 (police-constable G 81.) I was on duty about nine o'clock on this evening, in Golden-lane—Mooney spoke to me, and in consequence of what he told me, I went up into Hartshorn-court, and apprehended Keith in the passage, coming down stairs—I heard a kind of jingling noise behind him, and picked up about half a dozen skeleton keys—I took him to the station, and when I came back, I found two policemen in the first-floor room of the house, and saw this writing-desk, and these other skeleton keys.

Keith's Defence. The house I was taken in is my aunt's—I am a bricklayer by trade—I was coming down stairs, and the policeman said he heard something drop from my pocket, and he told the Magistrate that he picked up in the dark half a dozen skeleton keys—the Magistrate asked what he did with them, and he said he mixed them with the keys that police-constable No. 124 found—the Magistrate called 124 and 63, and asked whether they mixed any keys, and they said they did not.





WILLIAM CONSTABLE

re-examined. The keys are mixed—I placed them on the table in the station, after returning from the house.

KEITH*—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
