





1837. 




WILLIAM CURTIS
 was indicted for

 stealing 1 watch, value. 101l. guard-chain, 3l.; 1 watch—chain, 1l.; and 2 watch-keys, 1l.; the goods of 




Henry Hetley; and 




ISABELLA GOULD
 and 



WILLIAM STILES



 for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen.


MR. PAYNB
conducted the Prosecution,.





HENRY HETLEY
. I live in Soho—square—I am a glass-merchant. On the afternoon of the 27th of Aug. I went to the Holborn-baths, between two and three o'clock—I went into one of the dressing-boxes for the purpose of going into the water—it is a plunging-bath—I placed my watch in the pocket of my trowsers, folded my trowsers up, and put them on the seat of the dressing-box—it was a gold English-made lever watch, with a gold curb chain and a smaller chain, with two small brequet keys—I cannot say positively whether I fastened the door of the dressing-box or no—I got into the bath, and remained there I should say under ten minutes—when I got into the box again I found my trowsers had been displaced from the seat, and pulled down on the floor—I felt for my watch, and that and the chains were gone—I gave information to Mr. Kenworthy of the loss I had sustained—I have seen a watch produced by Mr. Keyeser, and I have no doubt it is mine—I have had it two or three years.





LOUIS KEYSER
. I am a watchmaker, and live in Tottenham-court-road. On the afternoon of the 28th of Aug., about two o'clock, the prisoner Stiles came to my shop with this gold watch, one gold chain, and two keys to sell" he asked 7l. for them—I told him it was only worth about 6l. in the traded I wished to know where he resided—he said at No. 1, Stanhope-street and he referred me to Mr. Cole in: Rathbone-place, which is close to me, and to his cousin, who lived in Oxford-street—I then wished my boy to go down to where the prisoner said he"Lodged—I told the boy-to ask if he was a good character—the boy returned—I then told the prisoner that my man, in examining the watch, found it had had a fall, that one of the wheels was broken and it was only worth 5l. 10s.—he took that and went away—the policeman came round with an account of the brequet and two keys, I thought this might be the watch that had been been lost, and I gave information.

Cross-examined by
MR. LOCKE. Q. You sent your shop boy to ascertain the truth of Stiles' statement, as to where he lived? A. Yes—it turned out that he did live there—the policeman has since found out that his other statments were true, as to his being apprentice to Mr. Cole—I know he has cousin in Oxford-street, a respectable tradesman—the whole of Stiles' statement was true.





RICHARD SAYERS
. I live with my brother, who is a pawnbroker is Drury-lane. On Thursday, the 27th of Aug., Stiles came to my brother shop between six and seven o'clock in the evening—he brought a gold curb chain—he first offered it in pawn, and then he asked if I would buy it—it was the usual length of a chain, but the swivel of it was gone—I have not got it here—we have sold it—I asked whose it was—he said his own—I asked how he came by it, and where the other portion of it was—he said he bought it,

and the other part of it was at home—he gave the name of William Stiles, No. 1, Stanhope-street, Clare-market—I bought it for 1l. 6s., and sold it a week afterwards for 30s.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you send to where he said he lived? A. No—I have before said that be stated he bought it—I have made no inquiry about him.





JAMES MILSTSAD
 (police-constable E 20.) On the 4th of Sept. I took Stiles into custody at No. 15, Oxford—street—I told him I was come to take him on suspicion of stealing a gold watch and appendages at the Holborn Baths, the property of Mr. Hetley, of Soho-square—he said he had sold a watch and chain and two keys to Mr. Keyzer, but was not aware that they were stolen—that they were given him by a woman at the Red Lion public-house in Great Wild-street, Drury-lane—he gave me a description of the woman—he said he had sold a guard—chain to Mr. Sayers, a pawnbroker in Drury-lane, and he got that from the same woman—I took him to the Holborn Baths—he gave me a description of the female, and in consequence of that I went to No. 3, Barley-court, on Saturday morning the 5th of Sept.—I found the prisoner Curtis there, in bed with Gould and another female—I told Curtis and Gould I had come to apprehend them on suspicion of being concerned in the robbery of A gold watch at Holborn Baths—they said they knew nothing about it—I took them to the station, and Stiles, whom I had taken the night before, was brought out—he said, in the presence of Gould, that it was her who gave him the property—Gould was close to him and heard him, but she made no answer—I asked Stiles if Curtis was the man who was with Gould when she gave him the property at the Red Lion—Stiles said he was not certain—Curtis said he knew nothing about it.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was it you took Stiles? A. At Mr. Spencer's, No. 15, Oxford—street—I believe he is Stiles's cousin—I saw Mr. Spencer, and I inquired for Stiles—he said he was up stairs—I went up and saw him—he at once told me all I have related, that he received the watch and chain from a female in Great Wild-street—the Red Lion is a public—house where there are singing clubs and concerts—people meet and pass the evening there—I am not aware whether the concert had commenced—I had not been in the habit of going to Great Wild-street to those dances and concerts.





HORACE KENWORTHY
. I am in the service of Mr. Hedgman, the proprietor of the Holborn Baths—I was on duty on the 27th of Aug.—the prosecutor complained to me of the loss of his watch—Curtis was in the service of the proprietor of the baths, as an engine—driver—the prosecutor pointed out to me the box from which the watch had been taken—it is not more than three yards from the engine—house where Curtis would be—a person in the engine—house would have an opportunity of getting into that box in a short time—I gave direction that Curtis should be watched—he left his work that day earlier than his time, and escaped through a trap—door, in a clandestine manner, about five o'clock—that would take him through a private door to Queen—street—he returned to his employ the next morning—nothing was said about the loss of the watch then—on the 4th of Sept. Stiles was brought to the baths by the officer—Mr. Spencer, a relative, who accompanied him, wished him to meet the charge—he told me he received the watch from a woman with whom he was acquainted, at a house in Great Wild-street, and that he received the chain and he sold that to Mr. Sayers, the evening the robbery was committed, for 26s., that the chain had been given to him separately, and the next day he received the watch, that the woman told him her husband was at work as an. engineer, that he had found the watch and chain in a drain, and there would be no inquiry about it as it was all right—he said he fully believed the statement,

and sold the chain to Mr. Sayers, and the watch to Mr. Keyzer—he gave an accurate description of the woman—he stated the money for which the chain and watch had been sold, and I understood him to say he received a sovereign out of it.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it not that she offered him a sovereign, and he refused to take it? A. Some mention was made about a sovereign—I will not swear to what it was—I cannot charge my memory with it—he gave his information very freely indeed—I had previously heard that the house in Great Wild-street was a house very much frequented by disreputable characters, and as Curtis was in the habit of going there it created a suspicion that he was the person who took this watch—I believe they have concerts and other things there.

Curtis. Q. Why did you suspect me more than the other man? A. From a previous act of dishonesty, and your associates.





JOHN SMITH
. I live in Blenheim-street—I am employed at the Holbom Baths—I heard on the 27th of Aug., about half-past three o'clock, of the loss of this watch, and was directed to watch Curtis—I watched him from that time to the moment he escaped—I then had occasion to go for a moment to get my jacket, and he had escaped through the trap-door—that was on the same afternoon as the prosecutor lost his watch—from the trap-door Curtis could get to the private baths, and from there to Queen-street—I know could—I believe she is Curtis's woman—I have seen them together—Curtis left half-anhour sooner than his time that afternoon.

Curtis. Q. Have you not been through that trap frequently yourself? A. Yes—I never went through to get beer—I have had occasion to go that way because my stuff is there—it is not a regular thoroughfare—the master's orders are that no one shall go out there—you went away and left your jacket.





JAMES MILSTEAD

re-examined. I believe this is Mr. Jardine's writing to these depositions? I was present when the statements the prisoners I made were taken down and read over to them—(read—Curtis says, "'I found the watch behind a two inch leaden pipe, which conveys cold water from the engine-house to the cold bath—it was put there quite tight, and that is how the glass got broken—I picked it out when I went in to try the heat of the water—I saw it shining down there in the dark—it appeared to have been put there by some one in a hurry—I had to pull the pipe out to get the watch out—I took it to the engine-house—that was twenty minutes to three o'clock in the afternoon—I left the engine-house at five o'clock through the trap-door into Queen-street, which was the way for the workmen to go out when they went to get beer'—Gould says, 'I know nothing about it'—Stiles says, 'Curtis says that he found the watch, and gave her to understand he round it as described—I wish to know how I was to know to the contrary, as I received it from her.'")





HBNRY HETLEY

re-examined. This is my watch—I found that it was stolen as near half-past two o'clock as could be—I had left it in my trowsers-pocket.

Curtis. What I stated is correct; these other two are perfectly innocent. (Mr. Hedgman, the proprietor of the baths, gave Curtis a good character.)

CURTIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.


GOULD—


NOT GUILTY
.

STILES—


NOT GUILTY
.
