




472. 




ADOLPHUS STONE
 and 




JACQUES VOISIN
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 breast-pin, value 8l., the goods of 



Francis Dodd and another, in their dwelling-house.






FRANCIS DODD
 I am a jeweller, and in partnership with my brother. We live in Cornhill—we both live on the premises—we rent a portion of the premises and live there—the landlord does not live in the house—it is let of out to four or five different persons—there is but one outer door—our shop door opens into the passage—the shop is on the ground floor, and our apartments at the top of the house—they do not communicate with each other—the house is in the parish of St. Michael, Cornhill—on Friday afternoon, the 8th of Jan., the prisoners came into the shop and requested to see some pins—I am quite certain of their persons—I did not rightly understand them, and asked what I could show them—Stone replied pins—I took a tray of pins from the window, and observed the pins in it—I cannot say what number there were, but could see there were four brilliant pins—I placed the tray on the counter—Stone took up a mourning pin and banded it to Voisin, who asked the price of it—I took it from him, as the price was marked on it, but while I was looking at it I missed the brilliant pin, and immediately handed the mourning pin back to Voisin—I said nothing—they went on looking at pins, and asked me the price—several pins were handled, but not brilliant pins—Voisin took up a turquoise pin, and Stone took up another pin—they laid them by the side of each other on the counter—they spoke together in a foreign language, which I could not understand—Stone spoke English to me—Voisin made the remark "How much?"—I said to Stone that I did not understand Franch—he replied that I should learn, as I should find it useful—one of them, I believe Stone, asked what time our shop closed—I said, "Half-past seven o'clock"—they said they would call again, and went away—I rung the bell for my brother, who at the top of the house, put on my hat, and immediately followed the prisoners, having missed the brilliant.

pin—I went up Cornhill, down Gracechurch-street, and saw the two prisoners and a third person standing together, about 300 yards from the shop—I passed them, then spoke to a policeman, and immediately turned round—the prisoners were coming towards me abreast with the third man—I seized the prisoners, and said to the policeman, "Take the other"—Voisin broke away from me, but I held Stone—I did not observe anybody outside while they were there—there was a lad in the shop about three yards from me inside the door—he could have seen what passed had he been looking—the pin was worth 8l., and was the property of myself and brother.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTONE. Q. Had you any other customers in the shop that day? A. Several—ours is partly a ready-money shop and partly credit—some of the prices are scratched on to the articles, and some are marked, but they are private marks—I do not know how many pins there were in the tray—the boy was between thirteen and fourteen years of age—he had been with us about a fortnight, and is still in our service—he is not here to-day—he is nnot particularly sharp—I did not speak to the boy while the men were there—if I had told him to go up stairs and fetch my brother he would have gone—I did not tell him—I put on my hat about three minutes and a half after I missed the pin—the prisoners got out of the shop before I went after them.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. It was dusk, I believe? A. Yes, it was about half-past four o'clock—I had not shown any customer the tray that day myself, nor do I know that my brother had.





JOSEPH HUGGET
 (City police-constable, No. 484.) On Friday afternoon, the 8th of Jan, between four and five o'clock, I was in company with Hayden in Gracechurch-street, and saw the prisoners in company with another party between 200 and 300 yards from Mr. Dodd's shop—I watched them, saw the last witness lay hold of the prisoners—Voisin broke from his grasp, run across the road along Gracechurch-street towards Fenchurch-street—I followed him, stopped him in Gracechurch-street, and said he had better go to the station to see the charge against him—I took him to the station, searched him, found 1s. 6d., this pair of scissors, a pocket-book, and a small breast-pin, worth nothing, on him.





MICHAEL HAYDEN
 (City police-constable, No. 274.) I was Gracechurch-street that afternoon with Hugget, and saw the prisoners. About a quarter after four o'clock I was in Gracechurch-street again, and then saw the prisoners with a third party standing in the street together—in consequence of suspicion I watched them, and saw Mr. Dodd come up and take Stone into custody—Voisin went across the road, running in an opposite direction—Hugget and myself pursued and took him.





JOHN BRETT
 (City police-constable, No. 514.) About a quarter after four o'clock in the afternoon I was on duty in Gracechurch-street—Mr. Dodd desired me to take the prisoners into custody, and a third party, who got away behind an omnibus—Stone was taken—I searched him at the station, and found on him 3s., three halfpence, and a common pin.





JOHN BRADDRICK
. I produce a certificate of the former conviction of both prisoners—(read—Both convicted Sept., 1844, of a joint felony, and confined three months)—I had taken them both into custody—I was present at their trail—I saw them found guilty.

STONE—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.

VOISIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.

of larceny only.—



Transported for Seven Years.

