



8. 




JOHN HILL
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 2nd of Nov., 4 cows, price 29l.; and 2 heifers, price 16l.; the property of 



John Merrick: and I calf, price 3l., the property of 



Benjamin Slocock.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.




GSOBOI WESTON
. I am in the employ of Mr. Merrick, of Stanwell-moor, about two miles from Staines. On Monday, the 31st of Oct., I saw six cows, a bull, a calf, and two heifers, safe in the meadow, which has a gate to it, which was fastened with a chain and staple, and a bit of stick put througn the staple—the bull was not with the cows—I saw them again on Tuesday night, about five o'clock, and have not seen them since.





BINJAMIK SLOCOCK
. I am Mr. Merrick's nephew. I saw the cattle safe on the Monday—I do not know whether the gate was fast—I have since seen three cows, two heifers, and a calf, in Smithfield, which were part of my uncle's cattle which I had seen on the Monday in the field.





JOHN MERRICK
. I am a farmer, and live at Stan well-moor, which is about sixteen miles from Hyde-park-corner. I missed some cattle from my meadow on Thursday, the 3rd of November—I bad not seen them for some time before—I examined the gate of the field, and found the stick had been removed from the staple—on the Monday following I saw three of the cows, two heifers, and a calf, at the Ram-yard, Smithfield—they were worth about

50l. before they went from home—I knew them to be mine, and those which were in my field.





ELIHU LAMBERT
 (City police-sergeant, No. 3.) I received information on Friday, the 4th of Nov., in consequence of which I found some heifers at the west end of the market, tied up, and Mr. Benson, the salesman, was with them—I also saw three cows and a calf at the east end of the market, tied up, and the prisoner with them—I asked him if they were his property—he said, "Yes"—I asked where he had brought them from—he said at first that he had had them in his possession a week or ten days—I further questioned him, and he said afterwards that he purchased them at Rom ford-market on the Wednesday previous—I asked who he purchased them of—he said he did not know—I asked whether he had paid for them in a bank or book-office in Romford-market—he said he had not—it is the custom of the market to pay for them in a bank—Mr. Burrell, a salesman, was there at the time, and he asked the prisoner if he had purchased them in Romford-market—he said he did—Burrell said it was no such thing, they were not in Romford-market; that he was there himself, and likewise Mr. Lowe, another salesman, and I went to Mr. Lowe—I asked the prisoner where he lived—he said, "At No. 9, Tottenham-row, Kingsland," and that he was a cow-keeper—I sent a person immediately to make inquiry there, and after that person came back I immediately detained the prisoner, and locked up the beasts—I showed them to Mr. Merrick on the Monday following, and he recognized them as his property.

Pritoner. It is not a regular thing in Romford-market to pay for them in a bank, only among the salesmen. Witness. It is in Smitbfield.





JAMES ROBERT GOODSON
 (City police-constable, No. 33.) I was sent by Lambert to No. 9, Tottenham-row, Kingsland, and inquired for the prisoner there—a person answering his description was known there by the name of James Davis, but the name of Hill was not known at all—the prisoner gave his name as Hill to me.





JAMES BENSON
. I am a salesman in Smithfield-market On Friday, the 4th of Nov., between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, two heifers were brought to the rail by a person named Pass—the prisoner, shortly after, came to me and said he wished me to sell them, or words to that effect—he said his name was John Hill, and that he had some at the other part of the market—I told him they were worth about 15l. or 16l.—I did not sell them, in consequence of what I heard—I always attend Romford-market—I was there on the Wednesday before this Friday—I did not see these cattle there, but I was standing in one place, I should not be so likely to see them as others who go about the market—cattle are generally paid for at the bookingoffice at Romford-market—that is the custom—there are a few individuals, perhaps, who take their own money—I gave up the heifers to the officer.





JOHN LOWE
. I am a salesman, and live in Oval-cottages, Hackney-road. On Friday, the 4th of November, I saw the prisoner coming down Long-lane with a small calf, four cows, and two heifers—he brought them close to my beasts—I bought the calf of him—I asked where he brought them from—he said at first from Kingsland—I said, that living at Hackney myself, I did not think I had seen any such cattle about there—he said they had been in the London-marshes, and after that he said he had bought them at Romford on the Wednesday previous—I said I did not believe that, for I was there myself, and did not see any cattle of that description all the day—I was there from eight o'clock in the morning till nearly three, and went about the market all day, and did not see any cattle like them there—I invariably pay at the book at the market—it is a rule, but it is not always done—some persons

take their own money—I saw the officer take the cows away, and the calf which I had bought of the prisoner.





JAMES HARRINGTON
 (butcher, of Rutland-street, Whitechapel.) On Friday, the 4th of Nov. about half-past eleven o'clock, I saw the prisoner there in Smithfield, and he asked me to bny a cow—he asked me Si. for it—I bid him 4l—he came to the top of the market and said I should have it—I came back, paid for it, and took it away—about an hour and a half afterwards, in consequence of what Mr. Burrell, the salesman, told me, I went to the prisoner and said, if I returned the cow, would he return the money, as I heard it was not right—he made a joke of it, and said I had bought it in open market, and I should abide by it—Romford-market is about twelve miles from Whitechapel-church.

Prisoner's Defence, I bought them at Romford-market, on the Wednesday; they stood nndemeath the trees, nearly opposite the bank—I gave 43l. 5s. for them, and paid the money for them in the Bull public-house; there were four cows, two heifers, and a calf—I saw several salesmen there that I knew; I do not know that there is any one here; there was Mr. Cade, Mr. Mulloch, a pig-jobber, and Mr. Mansell, a pig-jobber: I have not sent for them; there were plenty of people, no doubt, that saw me at the Bull.





JAMES BENSON

re-examined. It is possible that beasts that were at Stanwell at five o'clock on Tuesday could be got to Romford-market on the Wednesday, but it was a very long journey; they would of course have the appearance of being much distressed.

Prisoner. They were much distressed, and one was very lame, which was the reason I put them in the field at Kingsland; I turned them into the London-marshes after buying them at Romford; several persons saw them in the London-field; a friend of Mr. Burrell's did, and I think Mr. Lowe heard it said that they were there there.





JOHN LOWE

re-examined. I beard the prisoner say so, and a person there said they were seen near the London-field, but that they came quite a different road from Romford.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

