




1696. 




WILLIAM WHEELWRIGHT
 and 




MICHAEL KIDNEY
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Tilleard, about one in the night of the 
12th of August, at 
St. George-the-Martyr, Southwark, with intent to steal.






JOHN HENRY TILLEARD
. I am the son of John Tilleard, an oil and colourman, in Great Suffolk-street, St. George-the-Martyr, Southwark. On Tuesday night, the 11th of April, I closed the shop, and saw the premises safe—between one and two o'clock in the morning, I was aroused by the police—I found the sash of the door leading into the shop, forced—it had been safe overnight—there were marks on the door of some instrument having been used to force it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was it broken sufficient for a person to get in? A. Yes—the marks were on the middle door—the sash and shatter of the outer door were forced open.





FREDERICK LICHFIELD
. I am a policeman. On the morning of the 12th of April, between one and two o'clock, I was in Great Suffolk-street—from information I received I hastened to the prosecutor's house—I saw both the prisoners there—Wheelwright had just come from the inside himself, and seeing me, he called out to somebody inside, "Look out, look out!"—I was within two paces of him—he ran across the street—I collared another, as he came out of the door, but he got away—Kidney followed that second man as he came out—he had no hat or cap on—the three attacked me, and prevented my sounding my rattle—they knocked it all to pieces, and sprained my hand—I knew them by sight before—I distinctly saw their faces—I saw the prisoners in custody next day, and knew them—I examined the door, and saw marks of a jemmy on it—I found this jemmy a few yards from the door—there were marks on the sash of the door, corresponding with this.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did the person you say was Kidney come out close to the one you held by the collar? A. He did—I cannot

say how I was knocked down—I was tripped up from behind—I gave a description of the men—I have not the least doubt of them—I should know the third man.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. You were a few paces from the door when Wheelwright appeared at it? A. About two paces—Wheelwright ran across the way, calling out to those inside, "Look out, look out!"—I never saw him again till he was in custody—Kidney came out within a minute or so after Wheelwright—he did not run away at the instant.





BENJAMIN PARSONS
. I am a policeman. I took the two prisoners into custody on Thursday, the 13th of April, between three and four o'clock in the morning, at their lodging in Kent-street, both in the same house—they denied all knowledge of it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did they deny all knowledge of the burglary? A. They did—they heard the charge at the station, and did not deny it in my presence—they denied it at their lodging, not at the station—I did not say, "From a description I have received I must take you, and mean to swear to you right or wrong"—Lichfield the constable, the inspector, and two or three more constables were present—I said nothing of the sort to either of them—tbe burglary was on the 11th—I took them on the 13th.





JAMES HARRISON
 (police-constable M 195.) I know the prisoners by sight. On the night of the 11th of February, about a quarter past twelve, I saw them in Great Suffolk-street—Kidney was standing alone, about 40 yards from Wheelwright and Bevan, who is not in custody—about a quarter after one o'clock I saw Kidney standing in the doorway of a fishmonger's shop about forty yards from Mr. Tilleard's—I knew their persons, and was perfectly well acquainted with them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you speak to either of them? A. I did not—I crossed over from the opposite side, and passed them—when I saw Kidney in the fishmonger's door-way, I was on the same side of the way—he shammed drunkenness when he saw me, and reeled across the road—I had seen him not an hour before, and he could walk very well then.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Did you tell Parsons you had seen them? A. I did not, I did not see him till we went to Union-hall on the Thursday—I told Parsons then that they were the parties who I had seen loitering about, one had a hat on, and the other two caps.

COURT. Q. How was it they did not get any goods from the house? A. They had not time—I had seen my sergeant shortly before—I heard my brother constable call out "Stop thief"—I ran up, but they had escaped.





FREDERICK LITCHFIELD

re-examined. This hat dropped off the man not in custody, in the struggle, and this cap was found in the shop—Kidney always wore a cap of this description, and he had a similar one on when apprehended, but perfectly new.

JURY. Q. What enabled you to see the parties so well? A. From the gas-light which was within a few yards of the door.





JAMES HARRISON

re-examined. When I saw them before the robbery, one had a hat, and two had caps—Kidney had a cap of this description.

WHEELWRIGHT—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

KIDNEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.





Transported for Ten Years.

