



717. 




THOMAS FENN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
24th of Dec., 236 lbs. weight of indigo, value 68l., the goods of 



Mary Ann Vestey, his mistress.—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 



Samuel Levi Bensunan and others.


MESSRS. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS WILLIAM RUDD
. I am foreman to Mrs. Mary Ann Vestey, a van and cart holder—the prisoner was in her employ as carman from four to five months. On the 24th of Dec. directions were given from Bensunan and Co. to remove a chest of indigo—I spoke to the prisoner about it, and gave him the warrant to go and pay the charges—it was his duty to go to Crutched-friars to pay the charges—I sent him that day, about half-past nine o'clock in the morning—our place is a quarter of a mile from Crutched-friars—they are the ware-houses of the East and West India Dock Company—he came back in about half-an-hour, and told me he had paid the charge—he brought me a receipt for the money he bad paid, amounting to about 5s. 6d.—I then gave him a shipping note, this was from half-past ten to eleven—I directed him to go with the note, and convey in his cart this chest of indigo, from this warehouse to the warehouse in St. Katherine's Dock—it was a one-horse van—the way to go from Crutched-friars to St. Katherine's Dock would be up John-street, down the Minories, and across Tower-hill—it would take about twenty minutes—there is a rule, which the prisoner knew, that we should go the most direct road from one place to another—he returned after one o'clock in the day to the

stand in Billiter-street—I questioned him as to the time he had been gone—he said he had had his horse down—I looked and saw both his knees were cut—there is a Mr. Cobley, who assists in managing Mrs. Vestey's business—I heard him and the prisoner in the stable in the evening—I heard the prisoner say, "That chest was all right"—I said if it was he should go with me down to the Docks on Monday morning, to see that it was right—(1 had received instructions before that)—he came home rather later than the other men, and did not receive his wages—he was told it was in consequence of the suspicion that the chest was not right—it was bis duty to come on a Sunday, about eight in the morning, to look to his horses—he did not come at all on Sunday—it was bis duty to come on Monday at six—he did not come on Monday at all—he was taken into custody on Monday—I saw him in the evening—I went on Monday morning with Mrs. Vestey to St. Katherine's Docks, and saw the chest—the bottom part of it was opened, and it contained nothing but coal and rags.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is it the custom for Mrs. Vestey to carry other goods besides bonded goods? A. Yes—we dare not carry bonded and unbonded goods together—bonded goods must go by themselves—the carman generally go the nearest way—we should always expect them to do so.





WILLIAM COBLEY
. I assist Mrs. Vestey in her business. On the 24th of Dec. I had information given to me by a gentleman named Hillson—who carries on the same business as Mrs. Vestey—in consequence of that information I asked the prisoner on this Saturday evening whether he had been in Rosemary-lane that day with his van and a chest of indigo—he said he had not, it was false; the chest he had from the Company's warehouse he went down John-street, and right down the Minories to St. Katherine's Docks with—I afterwards told him he would not have his wages that night, I suspected there was something wrong in that chest of indigo by his being in Rosemary-lane, out of his road—he said it was very hard he could not have his wages—I said he could not, there was some suspicion that the chest was not right—I told him to come on Monday, and go down with Mrs. Vestey and Mr. Rudd to see the chest opened, and if it was all right he would be paid—he did not come on Sunday or Monday—on Monday Mr. Rudd and Mrs. Vestey went down to the warehouse.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you say he was to come to Mrs. Vestey's on the Monday? A. No—Mrs. Vestey has eighteen carmen—I do not know whether we had been currying indigo shortly before this time—the prisoner ad been in her service about eighteen months—his horse's knees were cut, and one leg was broken—the cart was not broken at all.





MARY ANN VESTEY
. I am a widow—the prisoner was in my employ. On Monday morning, the 26th of Dec, I went to the St. Katherine's Docks—the indigo-chest was opened at the bottom in my presence, and found to contain coals and rubbish.





WILLIAM HARVEY
. I am a cooper in St. Katherine's Docks. On Monday morning, the 26th of Dec., I opened the chest of indigo at the bottom, in the presence of Mrs. Vestey.

Cross-examined. Q. What time was it you opened it? A. About half-past nine o'clock in the morning—it was not ten—I should say it was soon after nine—I have opened several indigo-chests after they have come for shipment—I never brought any coals and rags from any other chest.





JAMES GEORGE CLARK
. I am a clerk in the indigo-warehouse of the East and West India Dock Company. I remember this warrant—(looking at one)—being brought on the 24th of Dec., by the prisoner, before ten o'clock

in the morning—he came to pay the charges, which were somewhere about 5s. 6d.—this bill of charges is Mr. Brown's making out—it refers to this chest of indigo—I handed it to the prisoner, with another bill, and he would have to go to another officer to pay the charges—here is the receipt for the charges, which indicates that they have been paid to Mr. Campbell—I should then issue a warrant to Mr. Eyre, the foreman of the indigo warehouse—this chest was in bond—I do not know at what time the prisoner left—I do not remember his taking the chest from the warehouse—I remember him.





JAMES AYRE
. I am foreman of the indigo-warehouse of the East and West India Dock warehouse in Crutched-friars. This order was brought to me by one of the messengers of the Dock Company, from the office on the 24th of Dec.—I gave directions to a person to hoop and cooper the chest of indigo to which that refers, for delivery—I saw the prisoner at the warehouse that morning, between ten and eleven o'clock—he had his van with him—I asked him what he wanted—he said, "A chest of indigo"—I asked who for—he said, "Bensunan and Co."—I said "How many?"—he said, "One chest"—with the assistance of Barker I put the chest into the van, and saw him drive out of the yard, between half past ten and eleven—in July last it was my duty to attend a gentleman, where this chest was on show—it then contained indigo, and was kept on the ground-floor, in a conspicuous place—the lid was nailed down with three hoops, and the warehouse is kept locked with two keys, one of the Company's, and one of the customer's, and they cannot be opened unless both are present—this cask was in bond.

Cross-examined. Q. This was in a conspicuous part of the warehouse? A. Yes, on the ground-floor, nearly opposite the warehouse-door—I had not seen the indigo since the 15th of July—I do not keep either of the keys—I know the warehouse is open every day, from morning to evening—it is locked in the evening, when the business of the day is at an end, and locked by two officers, who come again in the morning to open it—there are always some persons there—we seldom have less than fifty hands there.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Is there any lodge or place where each person going in and out of the warehouse, is noticed? A. There is a gate and gate-keeper—this quantity of indigo would be a considerable bulk.





JOHN HAREWOOD
. I am a labourer in the East and West India Dock warehouse, and live in Cornwall-road. I remember a chest of indigo being moved away the day before Christmas-day—on the 15th of November I had sampled that chest—it then contained entirely indigo—on the 24th of Dec. I received an order to get the chest out, to case it, for the purpose of being removed—I took it out of the delivery-pile, and cased it with gunny-cloth, and hooped it round with three hoops—it appeared to me to be in the same state as when I sampled it on the 15th of Nov.—I had nailed it up directly I sampled it, and on the 24th of Dec. it appeared just as I had left it—on Monday, the 26th of Dec, I was taken down to St. Katherine's Docks ware-house, and was shown the same chest—it was opened at the bottom—my attention was directed to my own packing at the top—I observed that the head had been taken out, and nailed down with a different nail to what I put in it—I observed where the marks of a chisel or jemmy had been inserted between the new wood—the cramp at the head had been moved, and had been nailed down with a different nail to what I had used.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you not observe the cramp on the 24th? A. Yes, and the cut of the chest—when I cased it I observed no difference in the state of the cask on the 24th to what it was on the 15th of Nov.—there were some extra labourers there on the 24th—I had opened the lid to

sample it, with a chisel—I took the lid partly off, and drew the nails—the lid consisted of two pieces of wood, as far as my recollection goes—sometimes the lid is in one piece, and sometimes two pieces—sometimes we split the lid when we sample it, if it is nailed tight—as far as I can recollect, this was nailed in the usual way—I saw the marks of a chisel on the 26th, inside the new wood.

MR. BODKIN. Q. How do you distinguish the marks you detected on the 26th, from those you made on the 15th of Nov.? A. When I sampled it, I took the lid off, and threw it back, and it is here where I observed the difference inserted in this new wood—(looking at it)—that is a part where I did not open it, and here is a nail which I had not put in it—it appeared to me that it had been opened since the 24th—this is the cramp which had been nailed with a different nail.





WILLIAM BARKER
. I marked the export mark on the chest on the 24th of Dec.—I lock the warehouse every night, and open it every morning—there are two different locks on it—the Custom-house locker has to open the other lock—I assisted in putting this chest into the van after, it was done up—I saw it afterwards—I know by the mark that it is the same chest.





GEORGE HATFIELD
. I am foreman of the export-dock, in St. Katharine's Docks. I was in attendance there on Saturday, the 24th of Dec.—I remember the prisoner coming with a chest, which I supposed to be indigo—it was some time after twelve o'clock, I cannot say how long—I received the chest, and deposited it in the proper warehouse—I attended to the locking of that warehouse on that Saturday night, and I left the chest there as the prisoner delivered it to me—I opened that warehouse on the Monday—it was under my charge till it was opened that morning—I was present when the contents of the chest were first seen.





JAMES HILSON
. I am a town-carman, and live in Whitechapel. On Saturday, the 24th of Dec., about one o'clock, I was in Rosemary-lane, which is on the eastern side of the Minories—I know Mrs. Vestey—she is in the same business as I am—I saw a van of hers in Rosemary-lane—I do not know who was driving it—it contained a chest of indigo—it was going towards the Minories, drawn by one horse—there was a carman with it—I am sure it was one of Mrs. Vestey's vans—Rosemary-lane is out of the way from Crutched-friars to St. Katharine's Docks—it struck me as being something remarkable, and I made a communication to Mrs. Vestey, within five minutes.

Cross-examined. Q. How far is Rosemary-lane from the Minories? A. The part I saw the van in is about 300 yards from the Minories—if I were going down the Minories to St. Katherine's Docks I should pass the end of Rosemary-lane—I was going home to my dinner—there is a turning out of Rosemary-lane which leads to St. Katherine Docks, but it is no thoroughfare for carts.





JOHN CASPER GEILS
. I am a master carman, and live in Breezers-hill, Ratcliff-highway. I was in Rosemary-lane on the 24th of Dec., about one o'clock—one of Vestey's vans met me—it had one horse—it contained a package something similar to this package which is here—the prisoner was driving it towards Sparrow-corner—that would be coming into the Minories.





JOHN WILLIAMS
. I was in St. Katherine's Docks on Saturday, the 24th of Dec., between one and two o'clock—I saw the prisoner back a van in containing a chest.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. A labourer in the docks—I go to dinner at twelve o'clock.





MICHAEL MAYHEW
 (police-constable H 79.) I took the prisoner at the Lee Hoy, in Mile-end New Town, about a mile from St. Katherine's Docks,

about a quarter to one o'clock, on the 26th of Dec.—I told him it was about a chest of indigo—he said he knew nothing about it.

Cross-examined. Q. How came you to go there? A. I was told by Cobley that he was there.





CHARLES ROBERT ESSEX
. I am clerk to Mr. Samuel Levi Bensunan and two others. They were the proprietors of this indigo—it was in the East and West India warehouse in Crutched-friars—this is the warrant relating to it.

MR. BODKIN
to
MRS. VESTEY. Q. Are you in partnership with anybody? A. No—I was in partnership with Mr. Cobley some years ago, and continued so for several years—I think it was in 1832 we dissolved, but Mr. Cobley did not leave my premises—he has conducted my business ever since—I cannot say that he ever left—we did not agree, and he said we had better dissolve partnership altogether, and so we did, and it was in the "Gazette"—here is one of my cards—Mr. Cobley lives on the premises—it is his own house—at least the lease is in his name—I pay the rent and all the taxes—I do not pay the rent to him—the business is mine.

Prisoner's Defence. As I received the chest from the warehouse so I delivered it at St. Katherine's Docks; I am innocent of what I am charged with.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

