



1223. 




JOHN SMITH
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
1st of March, 1 collar, value 1s; 1 pair of reins, value 6d.; 1 pair of hames and traces, value 4s. 6d.; and 1 crupper and pad, value 1s.; the goods of 



William Mundy; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM MUNDY
. I am a dairyman, and live in Henrietta-street, Manchester-square. On Tuesday evening, the 1st of March, I missed from my stable in Manchester Mews, a collar, a pair of reins, a pair of hames and traces; and from my saddle room, at No. 4, in the same mews, a pad and crupper—I had seen them safe about eleven o'clock in the morning—those now produced are them.

Prisoner. Q. Can you swear to them? A. Yes, by using them every day for the last twelve months—I tied this piece of string on the harness the previous day, and here is a hole in the collar which I cut myself.

Prisoner. I tied that string on myself; he said before that he had never seen the harness himself, but his man had seen it the day before. Witness. I did not say so.





STEPHEN OVENDON
 (police-constable D 80.) On Tuesday evening, the 1st of March, I met the prisoner in Hind-street, Manchester-square—he had the harness now produced on his back—I asked where he got it—he cocked up his face as if he was deaf—I spoke louder, and asked where he got the harness—he said in a country dialect, "I found it in the country"—I asked where—he said he had forgotten the place—I took him towards the station, and told him that tale would not do for me—as we were going along he said, "It is no use telling a lie, I bought it of some gypsies"—I asked where—he said he forgot the name of the place, but it was above twenty miles from London—I asked if he could tell me the name of any village he had passed through—he said he could not.

Prisoner's Defence. Every word he has said is false; I bought it of a

carpenter's man, in a cart, on the Sheffield-road; I do not know where it was; I was coming to London, and the man was coming from London; he asked where I was going; I said, to London; he asked if I would buy a harness; I said, "I don't care;" I had some whips with me at the time; I sold him one, and gave him 18s. for the harness.





WILLIAM RODDIS
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate, from Mr. Clark's office, of the prisoner's former conviction—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
