



1043. 




GEORGE NEAL
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Woodthorpe Williams, on the 
1st of March, at 
St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, about the hour of three in the night, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 2 shawls, value 2l.; 1 scarf, value 2s.; 4 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, 2 half-crowns, and 1 shilling; the property of 



Charlotte Newey: 2 pairs of boots, value 17s.; the coat, value 3l.; 3 hats, value 1l. 10s.; and 25 spoons, value 17s.; the goods of the said 



William Woodthorpe Williams; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLOTTE NEWEY
. I am a widow, and am in the service of Mr. Williams, No. 5, Durham-place West, Hackney-road. On Tuesday morn-ing, the 2nd of March, I went down into the kitchen, about half-past six o'clock, and found the kitchen window-shutters unfastened, which I had left fastened the night before—the door leading from the pantry to the kitchen was open, and I found a hole in the partition which divides the pantry from an out-house in the yard, large enough to admit the person of a man—it had been made since the night before—I missed from my box two shawls, a scarf, four sovereigns, one half-sovereign, two half-crowns, one shilling, and some halfpence, which had been safe the night before when I went to bed. I directly alarmed my master, who missed his property.





WILLIAM WOODTHORPE WILLIAMS
. I am a silk manufacturer, and live in Durham-place, Hackney-road. On the morning of the 2nd of March I was alarmed by my daughter—I went down, and observed the hole io the partition, which made a communication with the back-yard—I missed articles of my own, and among other things a pair of Wellington hoots—I went to the stable at the back of the house, and found the gate had been forced open, which would admit a person into the yard—the prisoner worked for me, about a year and a half ago, for nine months—he was not an in-door servant, but was employed in the manufactory—he often came to the warehouse, at the back of my house, for materials, and perfectly knew every part of the house, particularly the back part—the hoots, now produced, are mine, they were made by Barker, and were in the house on the night in question—I know them by having had the heels lowered, owing to breaking the cap of my knee about five years since, as they were so high I could not walk in them; I also know them by their having cork soles—I am able to swear they are my boots.


Prisoner. He could not swear to them at first Witness. I deny that; I swore positively to them before the Magistrate, without the least hesitation.





WILLIAM BARKER
. I am a boot-maker. I made these boots for Mr. Williams—since they were made I have half-soled them and heeled them, I think, twice—I am positive they are what I made for him.





JAMES ENGLAND
. I am in the prosecutor's service, and have been in the habit of cleaning his boots for a twelvemonth—I know these to be his; I cleaned them on the 1st of March, and put them on a box in the back kitchen—I saw them there at eight o'clock in the evening, when I went home.





WILLIAM CLAY
. I am a policeman. I was called into the prosecutor's house, on Tuesday morning, the 2nd of March, about eleven o'clock—I found the premises as described—I found these bottoms of a pair of shoes in the stable, and the tops cut to pieces—I compared one of the bottoms with some marks in the garden, and it exactly corresponded—the ground had been newly turned up—to the best of my belief the shoes belong to the prisoner—the fore part of the upper leather of one of them is not completely cut off, I put it on his foot, and it exactly corresponded with his toes—the shape of the toes corresponded—in consequence of information, on Thursday the 4th of March, I went to the house where the prisoner lived, 12, Wolvarley-street, nearly opposite the prosecutor's—I got there about half-past four o'clock in the morning—as soon as I saw the shutters open, about a quarter-past six, I tapped at the door—the prisoner's father opened it—I and Harris walked in—I walked through the front room into the back—the prisoner was in bed with his brother, who is about seventeen years old—I said, "George, I want you"—Harris picked up these Wellington boots in my presence—the prisoner said, "They are my boots "—he dressed himself—I then searched him, and found in his waist-coat pocket 1l. 14s. 3d.—he said he had been putting up 2s. a-week to save it.





JAMES HARRIS
. I am a policeman. I went with Clay to the prisoner's house—I found these boots—he said they were his—I asked how long they had been his—he said "Three months"—I asked where he purchased them—he said, "Down the lane"—I asked what he gave for them—he said 3s.—I asked if he could produce the person he purchased them of—he said, "No"—I said I thought I should find another owner for them—I remarked to Clay, in his hearing, that they were exactly like the boots described by Mr. Williams—the prisoner said he had had them three months—I asked what he had done with his old ones—he said he had sold them for 6d. to purchase a pair of half soles with which he had soled these boots—I asked where he soled them—he said, "Here," meaning in his father's house—I asked the mother, who was standing by, if she had seen him half-sole those boots—she said she would not tell a lie about it, she had not—he still persisted in it, that he had half-soled them there.

Prisoner. My father and mother both told him that I did do it in the house. Witness. Certainly not—the mother strictly denied it, and the father said he knew nothing at all about it.

Prisoner's Defence. My mother knows I was at home the night the robbery was committed, and my brother went with me to purchase the soles to put on the boots.





MARY NEAL
. I am the prisoner's mother—he lodged in my house—he

has been out of employ till lately—he has been learning the shoemaking—he told me he was in employ on the 1st of March, learning the shoe-making—he did not carry on any business at home, only once soling a pair of shoes—on Monday night, the 1st of March, I went to bed about nine o'clock—we have six children—the prisoner was the eldest at home—there is only one bed up stairs—my sons slept below—my husband got up next morning about half-past five o'clock—I got up about a quarter past eight o'clock—the prisoner was at home when I went to bed on Monday night—I left him below—he was in bed, and called for the candle—when I came down in the morning he was there, and breakfasted with me—he slept in the back room—the front room opens into the street—there is no passage—I was not up at all during the night—I slept sound—the prisoner did sole a pair of boots at home, but I never saw them.

MR. BODKIN. Q. You remember his being taken on this charge? A. Yes, certainly—he was taken to Worship-street—I went there—the magistrate asked me where my son was on the Monday night—I told him my son had gone out to go to the play, and had been out the whole night, bat that was Tuesday night, not Monday, it was a mistake—it was the 2nd of March he went to the play—his father referred to it as we sat at supper—I knew my son was taken on suspicion of something on Monday night—the policeman did not satisfy me for what—I did not hear the witnesses examined before the Magistrate—I was called in after it was all over.

COURT. Q. What day was it that you were before the Magistrate? A. On the Thursday, the day my son was taken.





THOMAS NEAL
. I am the prisoner's brother, and live at home. On Monday, the 1st of March, I slept in the same bed with him—we went to bed together between eight and nine—I got up between seven and eight in the morning—I slept soundly all night—I was not disturbed at all—my brother was in bed when I awoke in the morning—I swear that—he was learning to be a shoemaker—I never saw him working at it but once—he was soleing a pair of top boots—he was very nearly all day about it—I cannot tell what day it was—it was about three months before he was apprehended.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Look at that pair of boots; is that the pair he was soling? A. I think so—I should not like to swear to them—they are what I call top boots—I do not know whether these old shoes are my brother's—I have no knowledge of them—he was wearing boots for a week or so before he was taken—I do not know whether it was these boots—it was like them.





HENRY PRITCHARD
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read)—he is the person who was then convicted—I was present at the trial, and was the officer in the case.




GUILTY but not of Burglary. Aged 19.—


Transported for Life.
