



1998. 




THOMAS WILLIAM POYSER
 was indicted

 for unlawfully obtaining four 5l. notes of 



Mary Woodhouse by false pretences.



MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.





MARY WOODHOUSE
. I am a widow, and live in Park-road, Nottingham. I have five children—upon my husband's death I found I had an annuity of 30l. a year—I believe myself to be a relation of the Rev. William Stokes, and was entitled to property from him—about June, 1845, I was introduced to the prisoner by a female cousin to investigate my claim—he told me that he could get the registers for me—I inquired shortly after if he had got them for me—he said yes, and had sent them up to London to a friend of his named Fitzgerald Strathern, a barrister—shortly afterwards he told me the barrister wanted 20l. to take the matter into the Court of Chancery—I said I had not got 20l.—I asked two gentlemen at Nottingham to advance me 20l. on my annuity, but they refused—he then said, "You have no occasion to be beholden to anybody for money, you have an annuity, you must sell it"—he said the money was in the funds, and there was a good deal of property to be recovered.

COURT. Q. Was he the person who first told you that? A. After he said he had sent the register to London he gave me a letter from the barrister, telling him what the property was, and the money—when he read the letter to me, I asked him to let me read it—it stated about the estate and the funded property, amounting to nearly 500,000l. and interest—he gave me the letter—I read it—it stated all that—I was going to put it into my pocket—he said, "Don't take that letter with you; I should like to take a copy of it myself, you shall have it when you call again"—I gave it to him, and could never get it again from him—I sold my annuity, by his advice, and gave him 20l.—I asked him for the barrister's address before I paid him the 20l.—he represented the 20l. as the barrister's fee to take the case into Court—he wrote the barrister's name and address on this paper, in my presence, at Mr. Gilbert's commercial rooms—(read—"Fitzgerald Strathern, Esq., barrister-at-law, Lincoln's Inn-fields, London")—I was to come to London to pay the barrister, but he said he was gone to the Isle of Wight, and I paid the prisoner four 5l. notes—I have given him money at other times—the 20l. was nothing compared with what he has had of me—I found out in July that it was all a deception.

Prisoner. She never paid me a farthing; she frequently came to me; I told her I did not understand law. Witness. I did pay the 20l., and often paid his expenses up to London—the last sum I gave him was 52l. 10s., the day before I was to come up to London to receive part of the money, and be put in possession of the property—nobody was present when I paid him—I got the notes at Mr. Smith's bank, South-parade, Nottingham—he has had more than 100l. of me—he gave me seven or eight letters, which he said came from the barrister, stating when we were to come up to the Court of Chancery, and other places, about the property—this is the last letter I re ceived from him—he said it was from the barrister—I know the prisoner's handwriting—I saw him write the barrister's address on the paper produced—I did not give him the letters—I received them from him.

Prisoner. She was in the constant habit of going to a man named Smith, and one Little Joe, and his brother Bob; she said they used a magic-glass every day; she has told me so hundreds of times; her brother said he would come to London and expose the whole transaction for 5l., that his sister was a wicked woman. Witness. I never used a magic-glass—I have never quarrelled with my brother—he went with a policeman to take the prisoner.

Prisoner. Q. Did you take me to any barrister? A. No—I never placed any documents in your hands—you got all the documents, and gave me those

letters, stating it had gone through all the Courts, and that the business was finally settled; that I was to come up and receive the first instalment of 5000l., and be put in possession of the property—you and the barrister were to meet me and my cousin—we were in London a week—neither of you came—my brother was in town three weeks waiting to see you, but you never came—when we saw you at Nottingham you said you had been running about from London to Canterbury, and several places, to find the barrister——you got 52l. 10s. for those journeys before you went—I never went with you to places of amusement—we did call at the National Gallery as we passed I never paid 6d. to see any place—we went to the British Museum—I did not go about with you to buy silk and furs—my husband has been dead three years.

Prisoner. She has brought this charge against me because she has spent all her money in this nonsense; she wants to make me the scape-goat for all the sins she has committed; she is deeply in debt, and lays this charge to me.





GEORGE BRYANT
. I am a clerk in the Treasurer's-office, in the Inner Temple—I have searched the books for 100 years back—there is no such name as Fitzgerald Strathern, a barrister of that inn.





MICHAEL DOYLE
. I am steward of Lincoln's-inn—the register of the members is in my possession—I have searched it for all the admissions—there is no such person entered as Fitzgerald Strathern.





THOMAS PERDUE
. I am clerk in the Treasurer's-office, in the Middle Temple—I have searched the books—there is no Fitzgerald Strathern, a member of that inn.





DANIEL BOSWOOD
. I am clerk in the Steward's-office, at Gray's-inn—I have searched the books—there is no Fitzgerald Strathern, a member of that inn.





JOHN COLLANDER
. I am beadle at Lincoln's-inn Fields, and have been so for twenty years—there never was a person living there named Fitzgerald Strathern.





JOHN WHITE
. I am a collector and appraiser—I have been employed to make inquiries in Lincoln's-inn Fields—I could not hear of such a person there as Fitzgerald Strathern—I went to every house and looked at all the names.

The prisoner, in a long address, denied having given the prosecutrix the name of any barrister, or held out to her any inducement to employ him in the business; stated that he had never come to London with her, except at her own earnest solicitation, and had received no money from her but a few pounds to pay his expenses; that she and her relatives were in the habit of consulting fortune-tellers and others, and upon their representation she would hurry him up to London; that he had always told her he was unable to render her any assistance in recovering her property, and that it was a folly to prosecute her claim without having any documents; she was in the habit of concealing herself in his house to avoid her creditors; she had produced a letter to him, which she said was from E.H. Powell, Esq., a barristers; that the prosecutrix's brother had been raising money for years on the representation of his being entitled to this property; that she was in the habit of going to people who, by consulting cards, told her that there was great property coming to her, and that they used to see in the magicglass how matters were going on; he concluded by contending that there was nothing but the unsupported representations of the prosecutrix of her having paid him the money, and that he had always told her it would be an act of madness to sell her annuity to attempt to recover the property; he denied having given her any letters.


MRS. WOODHOUSE
re-examined. I several times insisted on seeing the

barrister—the prisoner always told me he was out of town—he told me the bar-rister lived in Lincoln's-inn Fields—he did not say where—I did not go with him there—he would make any excuse sooner than take me to the barrister—he produced this letter to me, stating that the copy of the will and the report of the case were ready.
(The letter being read, stated that the parties were to attend before the Lord Chancellor, and have from him authority to receive the personal property amounting to 490,000l. &c.; also suggesting a plan for the division of the real property, apportioning different farms, &c., to different members of the family and that 50l. must be immediately sent to pay the necessary expenses.)

The prisoner called






THOMAS STOKES
. I am the prosecutrix's cousin. I never said Mrs. Wood-house's law proceedings had cost me 50l., nor 40l., nor 10l., nor any sum—I said I had been to London with my relations, and that cost me 10l.—I never knew the prisoner till after that—I have been at his house—we came to London, and were there nearly a week—I went back and went to his house, and he was not at home—his wife said he was in London—that brought us up to London again, and we could not find him—we stopped nearly another week, then went home again—went to his house—he was at home—my cousin said, "Why did not you meet us in London?"—he said, "Why it was no use meeting you—for I have been to several places after the barrister"—he said it was no use my coming to you unless I could find him—I said, "If you had met us you would have saved us a great deal of expense; what have you done with the 50l. I gave you?"—he said, "I gave it to the barrister"—my cousin said, "Have you?"—he said, "Yes; I was determined to see him before I came back; I have been running about from one place to another, to Greenwich and the Isle of Wight"—he said, "Next week you will have 400l. or 500l. among you, and that will pay the 50l."—I do not recollect saying that my cousin was a very extravagant woman, and would soon ruin me—you said if I would advance you 10l. you would pull the case through before Christmas—I said, "I should like to see the barrister first—if you will allow me to go to London with you to see the barrister, and that things are going on correctly, I will advance it"—he said, "Certainly"—I said, "Very well, I will go with you next week"—in the meantime he was apprehended—I did not know the prisoner till I was brought up to London to receive a por-tion of the property, and be put in possession of the farm—I think he did say something about the magical glass one day—he said, "If you will tell me your age, and the day you were born, I will tell you your fortune"—he would cast my nativity—I said I did not believe anything of that sort.




GUILTY
. Aged 42.—


Transported for Seven Years.

