





74. 




JEREMIAH BRAILEY,



 JOSEPH BROWN
, and 




ADAM WHITE
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
31st of October, 12 quarts of porter, value 6s.; 12 quarts of beer, value 6s.; 12 quarts of single stout, value 6s.; 12 quarts of double stout, value 6s.; and 12 bottles, value 3s.; the goods of 



Thomas Masterman and 



John Masterman, the masters of Brailey and Brown; and that White had been before convicted of felony.






THOMAS YEOMAN
. I am a constable of the Thames Police. On the morning of the 31st of October I saw the three prisoners come out of Messrs. Master mans' premises, in Broad-street, Ratcliff—I live about 200 yards from there, in Harris'-court—the prisoners passed me at my own door—Brown said to me, "Good morning, we are just going home"—Brailey was carrying a basket—I stopped him, and found six bottles of stout in this basket, four bottles underneath his apron, and one in each coat-pocket—the other prisoners went away—I detained Brailey—I after-wards went to White's house—he came home while I was there—I told him what I came for, and asked where he had left Brown—he said he had not seen him since Saturday night—I asked him what time he got up in the morning—he said, "At four o'clock, for the purpose of going mush-rooming"—I then went to Brown's house, but did not find him at home—I searched the house, and found one bottle, with a portion of porter in it—Brown's wife told me she had got the bottle of porter in on Saturday night, to drink—I then went to Brailey's house, and there found nine bottles of stout, seemingly of the same quality as that I found about him—I asked him at the station how he accounted for the bottles I had found in his house—he said he knew nothing about them—I said, "If you know nothing about them, I must take your wife into custody"—he then said, "Well, if you must know, if I had not taken them there, they would not have been there; that will do"—I found two keys in Brailey's pocket—I asked where he got them from—he said he did not know—I then went to the prosecutors' premises, knocked the foreman up, and found they were the keys of the outer and inner gate of the prosecutors' premises—I asked Brailey how he accounted for the keys, and he then said, "Why the keys belong to the brewhouse"—I said, "Are you allowed to keep keys?"—he said "Yes"—I afterwards apprehended Brown at the brewhouse—I said, "Brown, I want you respecting this robbery, with Brailey, of the bottled porter"—he said, "Mr. Yeoman, I know nothing about it; can't you leave me till tomorrow, and let me do my work to-night?"—I said, "No, you must come with me now."

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you mean that you actually saw the three prisoners come out of the premises? A. Yes—I was standing at the corner of Harris'-court, which comes into the street, about one hundred yards from Messrs. Mastermans' gate—I saw them come out of the wicket-gate, which is attached to the large gate of the premises—it was about a quarter to five o'clock—Brailey told me he was allowed the keys to go into the brewhouse—he had an apron on with a bib to it, and the four bottles were in that.

White. I know nothing at all about it, he swears falsely. Witness, I have known the men well for years, and cannot be deceived.





PETER MORESBY
. I am in the prosecutors' employ, and live on the premises—I was called up by Yeoman the officer, at five o'clock on the Sunday morning—I came down and found the wicket-gate open, which it ought not to have been—I also found the inner door unlocked and open—Brown had no business on the premises at that time in the morning—He was employed as a labourer in the brewhouse at other times—White is Brown's father-in-law, and is a carpenter—he had no business whatever

on the premises—I went to White's house, and he came in about half-past five—the officer asked if he had seen Brown that night—he said no he had not.

Cross-examined. Q. How long has Brailey been in the prosecutors' employ? A. Ten years—he is married and has five children I believe—he had 24s. a week—when I spoke to him he seemed much affected, and cried a good deal at the station, and gave me all the information I asked him for—I always supposed him honest—the coppers on the pre-mises require cleaning, but not on Sunday morning—it would not be any part of his duty.





JOHN M'CROW
. I am bottle foreman to the prosecutor, and have charge of the bottled beer—the key of the padlock of the vault ought to have been on a nail outside my counting-house door—I hung it there on the Saturday—on Monday morning I found it in the padlock, and the door unlocked—I left the premises about eight o'clock on the Saturday—I do not know whether Brown and Brailey were gone then, they were not in my department—they could get to where my key was by getting round through the brewery—I found a deficiency in one bin, five, two, five, and half-a-dozen—I have tasted the beer found in one of the bottles which the officer took from Brailey, and have no doubt it is the same quality as the beer in the bin—a lad named Peter White is employed in my department—he is the prisoner White's son—he had access to the key during the hours of business.

Cross-examined. Q. Brailey had not access to the keys I believe? A. No, not without going through the brewery in a way which he ought not—I cannot account for the deficiency from the bin in any way but by the beer being stolen—we enter all we sell in a book—there is no stamp or mark on the bottles or corks.





THOMAS HARD
. I am in the prosecutors' employ—I went to the brewhouse on the Saturday night and left at a quarter before one o'clock on the Sunday morning—when I left I locked the wicket and gate up secure, and put the keys into my pocket—they must have been opened by false keys.

Cross-examined. Q. Were any of the persons allowed keys to go into the yard of a morning? A. No, only the "fortnight men"—I am one of them, and a man named Patterson is another—I had done the work that evening myself—persons who have to come in in the morning have keys allowed them—I do not know how many have keys—Brailey is allowed keys.





CHARLES HUSBAND
. I am managing clerk to Messrs. Thomas and John Masterman—they are the only partners—Brailey was one of the persons allowed a key of the wicket gate and middle gate.





THOMAS YEOMAN

re-examined. I am certainly correct that I saw the three prisoners come out of the brewhouse, for directly opposite the gate there is a gas lamp—I distinctly swear they all three came out of the gate together, and passed my door together.

Cross-examined. Q. What did you do up at that time in the morning? A. My duty at that time was to come home at two o'clock from the Thames police, but I had been attending the fire at the Tower, and did not get away from the office till past four—when I saw Brailey going by with the basket I followed him—he walked a little fast before I got to him—

I stopped him round another alley, and about four hundred yards from Messrs. Masterman's premises.

White's Defence. I was not there, and the policeman never saw me till half-past six o'clock, when I came home.





JOHN SUTTON
. I am a constable. I produce a certificate of White's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—I was present at his former trial, in the other court—he is the person described in the certificate—I apprehended him—(read.)
(Brailey and Brown received good characters.)

BRAILEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 35.

BROWN—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.

Recommended to mercy. 




Confined Six Month
.

WHITE—


GUILTY
. Aged 58.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Lord Chief Justice Denman.
