



1405. 




WILLIAM BAKER
 was indicted

for embezzlement.


Before Mr. Recorder.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






ROBERT STAINTON DIXON
. I am a coal-merchant, and live in the Belvidere-road. The prisoner was my clerk—it was his duty to receive money from customers—if he received on the 15th of November, 8l. 1s. from Mr. Hodson, or 2l. 4s. from Mr. Ison, on the 4th of November, or the same sum on the 4th of February, he has not accounted for them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was he always to account to you? A. Howard, the cashier, generally received the money—I have had 14l. and a bill for 45l. from the prisoner's friends.

COURT. Q. How is that? A. I have been from time to time solicited by his mother and other friends to let him off—I would not hear anything of the kind for a long time, but a friend of mine had asked me several times to do it, and said they could raise me 60l.—my loss is nearly 500l.—I said "What is 60l. to my loss, and I understand his friends are poor, and I do not feel satisfied with taking money from poor people," but ultimately they persuaded my wife to get me to settle it—I said, "Well, as 60l. is offered me I may as well take it, that he may be under some obligation to his friends"—I said I would apply for his release, and they came one night and gave me 14l. and agreed on my applying for his release to

give me 45l. more—I applied to Mr. Cottingham next day, who said it was too bad a case, he could not allow it to pass—I told Mr. Marriage, the prisoner's friend, as the thing had taken a different turn, that I had done what I could—I considered I was entitled to retain the money, but said, "I do not wish to do so, you may as well take the money and the undertaking for the 45l. back"—I never had the prisoner's acceptance for any money—I said when I offered him the money, "Now I don't undertake if you make use of this settlement in Court. I do not engage to give you the 14l. and the undertaking after the trial," but however he would not take it.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Is this letter in the prisoner's handwriting? A. Yes—it was after I received the letter that this mony transaction took place. (This letter was dated from Horsemonger-lane gaol, expressing the prisoner's deep regret at his ingratitude to so kind a master, earnestly soliciting pardon, and expressing a hope that part of the prosecutor's loss might be made up by his friends.)

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you receive a bill of exchange for 45l. from Marriage, which you was to give up, on payment of 30l. in cash? A. I received the undertaking—a bill for 15l. was never offered me—I did not receive the prisoner's note of hand for 350l.—this it my handwriting—I signed it—(read)—"I hereby acknowledge to hold a bill of exchange, accepted by you for 45l. in my favour, which I agree to give op to you, on payment of 30l. cash, and Mr. John Mason's acceptance for 15l., and William Baker, my late clerk's note of hand for 350l."—I see I engage to give up the 45l. on the bill and 350l. acceptance being given to me, but I have never had them—if I had got them I certainly intended to release him, but the Magistrate would not allow it.





JOHN HODSON
. On the 15th of November I paid the prisoner 8l. 1s., for Mr. Dixon.





JOHN HOWARD
. I am cashier to Mr. Dixon—I have the prisoner's book here of sums received—there is no entry of 8l. 1s. on the 15th of November, nor after that, as received from Hodson—he has not accounted to me for it in any way—he has not accounted for 2l. 4s. from Mr. Ison, on the 4th of December, nor 2l. 4s. on the 4th of February from him—I have looked through the books, there is no account of it—he has accounted for many other sums from other people since the 15th of November.





WILLIAM ISON
. I paid the prisoner, on the 4th of December, 2l, 4s., and on the 4th of February 2l. 4s.—here are his receipts for these sums, given by himself.

MR. PHILLIPS
to
MR. DIXON. Q. Did you ask the prisoner how his deficiencies originated, and did not he say it was in his having 50l. of yours, which he had lost in an omnibus, having placed it by his side, he having taken rather too much drink? A. He said 40l., but he gave me two versions of it, once saying he had drunk too much, without saying he had lost it in an omnibus, or where—this was on the evening I found out his deficiencies.
(—Marriage, William Fuller, dressing-casemaker, Brownlow-street, Holborn; and John Coles, corn-dealer, Brewer-street, Somers-town; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Coleridge.

