



2292. 




ELIZABETH WILLIAMS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of July, 1 purse, value 1s.; 3 sovereigns, and 6 shillings; the property of 



James Hird, from his person.






JAMES HIRD
. I am butler to John Tennant, Esq., of Albemarle-street. On the 12th of July I was in Piccadilly—the prisoner accosted me, and said she would go with me—I told her she could not—she said she would go where I was going—I went and drank with her at a public-house—we then went to Jermyn-street—she put her hand into my pocket, and took out my purse, containing three sovereigns and six shillings—I gave the alarm, and ran after her—the policeman secured her—I was knocked down by two men when I gave the alarm.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long after she took it was she taken? A. I think in five minutes—she ran away—I lost sight of her in York-street—she was taken in St. James's-square, about 100 yards from York-street—a female was with her when she was taken, and when she spoke to me—the purse and money have not been found—it was a little after ten o'clock when I left Albemarle-street—I was to sleep at Mr. Howard's, in Swallow-street—I went to Jermyn-street because I did not wish the prisoner to accompany me—she would not leave hold of me—I did not see a policeman when I met her—I walked with her arm-in-arm—I had been in London about a month—she had some rum to drink, and I had some porter—I got into Jermyn-street by going down Regent-street—I felt my purse a moment before she took it—my bands were down against me—she took out my purse while my hands were there—I last saw my purse when I left the house—I did not pull it out at the public-house—I paid 6d., which I took from the same pocket where my purse was—I did not try to push her up a court.





SAMUEL PARSONS
 (police-constable C 78.) At a quarter before eleven o'clock I heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I saw the prisoner running down Jermyn-street, towards York-street—I ran after her, and took her—the prosecutor was behind me—I believe he was knocked down—I overtook the prisoner in St. James's-square—she was willing to go to the station, and said, "Search me."




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.
