



1659. 




EDWARD LOVELL
, was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Peachey, about 11 in the night of the 
26th of June, at 

St. Luke, with-intent to steal, and stealing therein 6 guard chains, value 20l., his property; and that he had been before convicted of felony,






WILLIAM FREDERICK PHILLIPS.
 I am shopman to Mr. James Peachey, of No. 38, Goswell-street, St. Luke's. On Saturday night, the 26th of June, between half-past ten and a quarter to eleven o'clock, I was standing in the shop, serving, and heard three violent blows in quick succession, followed by a crash—I ran to the window, and saw a red handkerchief round some guard chains, and a man's hand grasping at them—I rushed out, followed by a young man—I saw the prisoner making from the window—I followed in pursuit—there had been in that part of the window a number of gold chains, a row of gold watches, and some smaller chains in front—I afterwards found that six of those chains were gone, and half of a brequet chain—the prisoner ran, and I after him, for thirty or forty yards—he slipped, and fell down, and I caught his hand—he threw me off—I caught him again—I got assistance, and he was taken—there was no property found on him, but there were six chains picked up under where he fell—they were Mr. Peachey's chains—I did not lose sight of the prisoner for a moment.

Prisoner. Q. Was I standing at the window? A. You were running from the window I am certain, I did not see any handkerchief in your hand when I picked you up—you said I was mistaken, and that you were not the man.





JAMES PEACHEY.
 I am a pawnbroker—I have examined this property, it is mine—part of what I lost is gone—my house is in the parish of St. Luke's, it is my dwelling-house.





DAVID LEAK.
 I saw the prisoner break the window, take the chains out

with his left hand, and run away with them in his hand—I saw him fall, and saw him brought back.

Prisoner. Q. What did I break the window with? A. Your fist; and after you had taken the chains from the window with your left hand, you ran from the window—there were very few persons passing by—directly I saw you ran, I cried "Stop thief!"—I knew I was not likely to catch you—you did it very quickly.





THOMAS FRACKE.
 I picked up the chains, and took them back to the pawnbroker's.





THOMAS SAMPSON.
 I heard the window break, and saw the prisoner take the chains and run away—I caught him.





MARY CHAPMAN.
 I picked up one chain, about twenty yards from the shop.





JAMES NEVILLE
 (police-constable G 152.) I was called to take the prisoner into custody—he said they were mistaken in the man.





THOMAS BOUCHER
 (city-police-constable, 618.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court, by the name of Edward Decham—(read—Convicted 23rd November, 1846, and confined Six Months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.

