



1773. 




FREDERICK STRINGER



, stealing 1 coat and other articles, value 50s.; the goods of George Rogers: having been before convicted. 




GEORGE ROGERS
.

I am a tailor, and live in West-street, St. James's. On 3d Aug., the prisoner was employed to paint the house I live in—I

missed from my bed-room a coat, a pair of trowsers, a book, and other articles—they had been safe the night before—I have since seen the book, and a stock, and a pair of gloves—they had been where the other articles were—the gloves and hymn-book were in the pocket of the coat that I lost.





MARY ADAMS
. I am single, and live at 11, West-street. I know the door of Mr. Regan's room—the prisoner was employed on the staircase near that door—he left work about a quarter before two o'clock on 3d Aug., and he did not come again—he had not finished his work—he took away a basket with him when he left, which appeared to be full—I asked him why he was going away; he said he should be back in a few minutes.





ANN BATEMAN
. I am the wife of Charles Bateman; we live in Hopkins-street. The prisoner formerly lodged with us—I know this basket to be his—in pulling it from the counter one morning, there was a nail caught it, and tore a bit out of it.





CHARLES QUICK
 (policeman, E 144). I took the prisoner into custody—I went on the 21st to Peter-street—I found this basket there, and found in it this stock, the pair of gloves, and the book—I had ascertained from the witness that the prisoner lodged in Peter-street.





ANN BATEMAN

re-examined. I knew that the prisoner lived in Peter-street, two doors from the Church.





MART ADAMS

re-examined. I found out that the prisoner lived there by going to a person that knew him—I never saw him there—that is where I took the officer to search for him.

Prisoner. My master was not able to pay me on Saturday night; I used to get a half-crown of him; I heard of a better job and I went to it, and that was the reason I left that job; I have got a paper of the work I went to that day.





WILLIAM WESTLAKE
 ('policeman, E 102). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction—(read Convicted Sep., 1847; having been before convicted: confined one year)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 54.—


Transported for Ten Years.

