




2068. 




JOHN BETTS



, stealing 5 sacks, value 5s.; the goods of 



Henry Noyce; and 




WILLIAM BETTS



, receiving the same; John Betts having been before convicted.






HENRY NOYCE
. I keep a coal-shed, in "East-street, Lambeth. On 1st Aug., at half-past six o'clock, I saw my sacks in the shop—I went out, came back at ten, and missed five coke-sacks—next evening I received information from Shaw, and went to 93, East-street, Lambeth, and saw Eliza Delay and another female, and next morning, about seven o'clock, four small sacks were brought to me, which I refused to accept—if they were mine they had been cut up, or tarred over afresh—on the 5th William Betts was brought by Webber—I gave him in charge.





ALFRED SHAW
. I live at Sun-place, Kennington. On 1st Aug., about ten minutes to eight at night, I saw John Betts come out of Mr. Noyce's shop with some sacks under his arm, and go towards Lambeth.





ELIZA DELAY
. I am wife of William Delay, of East-street, Lambeth-walk. The prisoners lodge with us. On 1st Aug. they came home together. One of them had some sacks—they put them in the back yard—next morning about seven, I saw them cutting them up, and making them into smaller ones—they finished about four o'clock, and took them out. Mr. Noyce came the same evening, and I told him what I had seen—the prisoners were not at home—next morning I told William Betta what Mr. Noyce said—he said his brother had run away.





JOSEPH JORDAN
 (policeman, 88 L). I took William Betts on the 5th, and asked if he had any objection to come with me to Mr. Noyce's—he said No, he knew what it was for—I took him, and he was given in charge—he said he knew nothing about it.

John Betts's Defence. On the week before this happened, I called and asked Mr. Noyce to give me a job; he told me to call next week, and he would give me something to do; I got some corn sacks which I thought

would suit him, and took them there; I stamped with my foot in the shop, and no one came; I took them home, and put them in the yard; we were making sacks there next day; they were not Noyce's but another man's; I took them home to him.

William Betts's Defence. My brother engaged me to help him.





ALFRED SHAW

re-examrned. George had nothing when he went in—his hands were in his pockets—I went into a shop, came out, and he had got the sacks under his arm.





HENRY NORCE

re-examined. I did tell him to look down,;—and said perhaps I might give him a job.





HENRY BARRY
. I produce a certificate of John Betts's former convinction (read—Convicted Jan. 1848, confined Ten days)—I was present—he is the person.

JOHN BETTS—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.


WILLIAM BETTS—


NOT GUILTY
.

ADJOURNED TO MONDAY, SEP. 18TH, 1848.
