



158. 




GEORGE CRANFIELD
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 coat, value 1l., the goods of 



Joseph Thorn; and that he bad been before convicted of felony.






JOSEPH THOM
. I live at New Brentford. On the 15th of Nov. I had my cart on the road—I stopped at the Crown public-house, and went into the house on business—the horse and cart were taken into the yard, and the gate shut—I had a Macintosh coat in the cart, and, while I was in the house, I saw the prisoner and two others leave the house, and go towards London—I went to my cart, and missed my coat—I drove after them—I overtook the other two first, and they whistled—the prisoner was about 150 yards before them—he turned, and dropped a part of my coat from under his jacket—I called, "Stop thief," and got out of my cart—he ran down a bye lane—I followed, crying, "Stop thief"—I returned to my cart, and drove along the road—the prisoner came out again, and ran along the road—I overtook him, by his running into a coal-shed, and hiding himself—I said, "You have got something of mine"—he said, "D—your eyes, I have not"—I collared him—he said he would throw me into the mud, and if he could not get rid of me that way be would do something worse—I kept him till a constable came, and gave him in charge—I then went in the way he had run, and a gardener gave me my coat—this is it—it is the one that had been in my cart.





JOHN HEAVER
. I live with my father, in Angel-lane, Hammersmith. On the morning of the 15th of Nov. I was standing, buying some apples, opposite Beaver-lane—I saw the prisoner run down Beaver-lane, with the Macintosh under his arm—I afterwards saw him again—he is the person.





JAMES PITT
. I was at work in Mr. Clark's garden, in Hampshire Hog-lane, which comes up to Beaver-lane, on the 15th of Nov., between eleven and twelve o'clock in the morning, and found a Macintosh coat just over the pales in my master's garden, within a few yards of Beaver-lane—Mr. Thom inquired if I had found anything, and I delivered it up—this is it.





CHARLES DUPOUR
 (policeman.) I received the prisoner from Mr. Thom—I went to Beaver-lane, and received this coat.

Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about the coat; there were several

others in the public-house; I came out, and was crossing the road, when I was taken; I had not seen the coat.





HENRY MOUNT
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

