



1093. 




JOHN MANNIX
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
16th of Jan., 1 rasp, value 1s.; 1 hammer, 2s.; and 1 chisel, 1s.; the goods of 



Thomas Twelvehee: and 166 pieces of wood, value 3l. 10s.; the goods of 



Joseph Etherington, his master; and that he had been before convicted of felony.



MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM HOWLETT
. I am foreman to Joseph Etherington, of Morgan's-lane, Tooley-street—the prisoner was a labourer in his employ—in consequence of some circumstances I thought it necessary to set a watch, and after some time I searched the prisoner's house with a policeman—I found a quantity of mahogany, some other boards and wood, and wood bricks, and some other pieces, which appeared to have been cut off over night and taken away—they were my master's, and part of them are here—I can swear positively that this is Mr. Etherington's wood—this is a piece which I cut myself, and this is a tool made to cut mortices in—the value of the whole is 3l. 10s. or 3l. 15s.—I found a hammer and two chisels, one of which I can identify—the prisoner said I was quite at liberty to search his house—when I found these pieces of mahogany, I asked if he could look me in the face, and say that they were not Mr. Etherington's—he said, no; they were Mr. Etherington's, and he brought them off the premises.

Cross-examined by
MR. CROUCH. Q. Mr. Etherington is in a large way of business? A. Yes—the prisoner has been in his employ since August—we make a great deal of wood, but not of this shape—I never did any like these since I have been in London—this piece I cut three days before, and these three pieces go all together, and form the bottom rail of a fencing to a gentleman's house—none of my master's men lodge in the prisoner's house—I did not make him any promise of forgiveness—I took this piece in my hand, asked if he did not bring it from his master's, and he said, "I did."

MR. ROBINSON. Q. When was this on your premises? A. This piece that he owned he took, had been on our premises about a month before—he said he took this piece, and these pieces of moulding.





PETER KENDALL
 (police-sergeant, No. 16.) I took the prisoner, and searched his house—I found a quantity of wood in all parts—this piece of mahogany was in a dog-kennel, and some old rags put over it—I found a quantity of tools—here is a rasp, a hammer, and two chisels—these were under the stair-case—I asked how he came in possession of so much wood—he said a carpenter lodged with him, and left him six months ago, and went to Dover; that he owed him some rent, and left him the wood—he tried to make his escape out of the window, and I took him.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he make any resistance? A. No—it is a small house with four rooms—there are no lodgers in it, only him and his wife and son—I was searching under the stairs, and one of the carpenters said the prisoner was gone up stairs—I ran up, and he had got one leg out of the window.





THOMAS TWELVEHEE
. I am a carpenter in the employ of Mr. Etherington. Some of these tools are mine—I lost this hammer four months ago, and the others two months.

Cross-examined. Q. How long is it since you saw the tools? A. I saw this chisel and rasp in Christmas week—I know this rasp by a piece being broken off, to make it go into my chest—I do not know anything peculiar about this hammer—I have had it fifteen or sixteen months, and used it every day.

MR. CROUCH
called






SAMUEL WOOD
. I am a house smith. I sold the prisoner some tools above a month ago—there was a rasp, a band-hammer, two carpenters chieels, and a soldering-iron—I sold him this rasp—these chisels are wider than those I sold him—this hammer, I should say, I sold him.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Should you say it was two months ago? A. I should say from six weeks to two months—these tools had been in my possesion from five to six years—I am in business for myself—I sold these to the prisoner,

as he said he thought he should do a little work at home—I showed him this part of the rasp, which I now have in my pocket, and he said he thought one like that would suit him—I sold him these because I have plenty of tools of this description—he gave me half a crown for the hammer, two chisels, and the rasp—I swear this hammer and this rasp were mine.





GEORGE WESTON
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the Clerk of the Peace for Surrey—(read)—the prisoner is the man who was tried.




GUILTY
. Aged 57.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
