




1336. 




RICHARD JACKSON
 and 




JOHN WILSON



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Bennell Cutler, and stealing 1 till, 1 coat, 1 handkerchief, 1 eigar-box, and 100 cheroots, 2l. 10s., 1 half-crown, 113 shillings, 18 sixpences, 4 groats, 49 pence, 196 halfpence, and 14 farthings, his property; Jackson having been before convicted.


MR. BALDWIN
conducted the Prosecution.






EDWARD WIGLEY
 (policeman, H 141.)On the morning of 19th April was going down Battye-court, by the Red Lion public-house, in Battye-street, which leads into the Commercial-road, in the parish of St. George's in-the East, and heard a rustling—I went round to the back, looked over the wall of the Red Lion yard, and saw Wilson kneeling down and putting the contents of a till into a cap—I said "You are up early this morning, "—he said, "Yes, I lodge here, "—I said, "How long have you lodged here?"—he said, "About Five months?"—I said, "That is all right"—I went up the courtime the street and sent for assistance, when I got back they had escaped into the next yard and left the cap, part of the money, and the till—they were not out of sight—I saw them go towards North-street—I went out of the court and saw Wilson coming towards me—he turned back again, and went back to the court, I lost sight of them—I saw no more of them till they were in custody, Wilson about half a minute afterwards, and Jackson about four minutes afterwards—I am quite certain they are the men—I knocked up Mr. Cutler, and found in the yard the till, the cap, 12s. 7 1/2d. in copper, and 6d. in silver, some was in the till and some in the cap—the back parlour and kitchen windows were open.





PIERCE DRISCOLL
 (policeman, H 24.) In consequence of an alarm I went towards North-street, and saw Jackson in the back yard, getting over the wall—he got into the house No. 15, and as he was coming through that yard I took him—he had no cap or hat on, but two coats—this (produced) is the outside one—I took him to the Red Lion, and in the coat-pocket I found 90 cheroots, 1 half-crown, 4 fourpenny-pieces, and 17 sixpences, a chisel, a knife, and this silk handkerchief (policeman, H 140.) On the morning of 19th April I heard an alarm, and saw Wilson running down Back Church-lane, which is near Battye-street, without either cap or hat—I stopped him—he said, "It is all right, it was not me, let me go"—he tried to get away, and I threw him on the ground—Wigley came up and we took him to the Red Lion—I found nothing on him.





JOHN BENNELL CUTLER.
 I keep the Red Lion public-house, in Battye-street, Saint George's-un-the-East. On the night of 18th April I went to bed about half past twelve o'clock—I was the last up—the house was all secured and fastened, the parlour-window with a brad-awl—there is a high wall at the back, and a fence on the top—the kitchen window was shut, but not fastened—they could not have got in that way without also breaking an inner door, and that was not done—they must have got in at the parlour window—when I went to bed I left this till (produced) in the bar, and about 1l. 18s. or 2l. in it, in half-crowns, shillings, sixpences, fourpennu-pieces, and some copper—I was aroused in the morning between five and six by the police, found the parlour window open, and missed the till and money, a box of

cheroots similar to these (produced), and a coat which was hanging up in the bar parlour, with this handkerchief in it.

Jackson's Defence. I was coming from Billingagate-market and met Wilson; he asked if I was going home, I said yes; I went down Battye-court to case myself; he said there was a coat over the wall; I saw a cap, we went over the wall and found the money and things; the policeman came and said I was up early that morning; I said yes, but I did not say I lodged there.





GEORGE JOSEPH BROWN
 (policeman, K 164.) I produce a certificate—(read—Richard Hibbard convicted Nov., 1847, and confined three months)—I was present at the trial—Jackson is the person.

JACKSON—


GUILTY. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.


WILSON—


GUILTY. Aged 20.—



Confined One Year.

