



41. 




WILLIAM CLARKE
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Frederick William Hale, about the hour of ten in the night of the 
2nd of November, at 
St. Andrew, Holborn, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 1 watch, value 3l., his goods—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the dwelling-house and watch of 



William Barrett.






WILLIAM BARRETT
. I live at No. 86, Fetter-lane, in the dwelling-house of Frederick William Hale, in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn. About a quarter before ten o'clock on the night of Tuesday, the 2nd of November, I was in my shop writing, and heard a pane of glass breaking in the shop-window, in which were watches and jewellery—I could see the hand of a man in the window among the watches—I could see the man as well—two watches disappeared at the time the hand came in at the window—I ran out immediately, and found the prisoner outside—no one else was near—I found one of the watches knocked down inside the window—I could not find the other watch—I have seen it since.

Prisoner. He did not see my hand in the window, it was never near it—if I had broke the window with my hand, it would have been cut all to pieces, but it was not cut at all.





SAMUEL PITMAN
. I was standing on the opposite side of the street—I saw the prisoner shove his fist through the window, heard a noise of breaking, and saw Barrett come out of the shop and seize him—there was a female not very far from the place, but no one else, and no other person's hand could have gone through the window but the prisoner's.





GEORGE HURRY
 (City police-constable, No. 205.) I searched the prisoner on Wednesday, and found this watch in his shoe, on the right-hand-side of his right foot, so that he would not tread on it.





GEORGE WALTERS
. I am a City police-constable. I searched the prisoner on Tuesday night, but did not search his shoe.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY
* Aged 46.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Second Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
