



1585. 




MARY ANN FLYNN
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




James Carr, at 
Paddington, with intent to steal; she having been previously convicted of felony.






JAMES CARR
. I am a milk-man, and occupy a shop and parlour and first floor in Park-street, Dorset-square—the rest of the house is occupied by two lodgers—the landlord does not live in the house—his name is Richard Parsley—on the 22nd of July I went to bed at half-past ten o'clock, in the back room first floor with my wife—I was awoke a little after three in the morning by my wife—I got out of bed and found the bed-room door open, which I had shut myself—my wife was in bed before me—I went on to the landing-place, looked over the banisters, and saw a woman at the bottom of the stairs—I

went down, and saw her go out and shut the door after her—she had no shoes on—I followed, opened it as quick as I could, and saw the same person going down the street, about twenty or thirty yards from the door—she had no shoes on then—I called a policeman, who brought the prisoner back—she had no shoes on then—I asked How she came in the house—she said she did not know—I said "you must know How you came into the house"—she said "I must have been in liquor, the door must have been open and I found my way in, and knew not where I was"—I had never seen her before—she did not appear the least in liquor.

Prisoner. He came down stairs to me, asked who was there, and I answered him. Witness. I called out at the top of the stain, who is there twice, but heard no answer—she was there at that time—she made no difficulty in coming back with the policeman-the policeman asked if a man had brought her into the house, and I asked her if she had a latch key to come in—I said, "Did any man bring you in here?"—she said no, to the best of her knowledge—she utterly denied having a latch-key to open the door, and said all she had in her pocket was sixpence, which she produced.





JANE CABR
. I am wife of James Carr—on the morning of the 22nd of July about three o'clock I was lying awake, and I heard something on the stairs—the room door was shut at the time—I looked and saw it gently open, but did not see any person—I asked who was there, nobody answered—I awoke my husband—he went down stairs and I followed him—he was out in the street before I got down—I looked out and saw the prisoner—I did not know her before.
----COOPER (police-constable D. 67.) On the morning of the 23rd of July, about three o'clock I was on duty in Park-street, Dorset-square—I saw the prisoner standing against the railings talking to a man—he appeared to be a cab-man—it was about twenty yards from Mr. Carr's house—I was within a yard of her—I had tried all the doors on that side of the street, and Carr's among them—it was quite safe—I never saw the prisoner before to my knowledge.

Prisoner. Q. you said it was half-past three at the office? A. No; I said three; she was standing opposite me; I am certain she is the woman.





RICHARD BIRT
 (police-constable D 70.) On the 22nd of July, about twenty minutes past four o'clock, I was on duty in Park-street—Mr. Carr called me to stop a woman who was running—she came right against me—she met me, I stopped her and took her back—Carr asked her How she got into the house—she said she did not know—she said she had been drinking, that she was drunk, and did not know How she got in—she afterwards said she believed the door was open—Carr asked had she a key?—she said "no"—she had no shoes on—I asked her where her shoes were—she said they were folded up in her shawl—I asked her to put them on, she took them out and did so—I took her to the station—a female searched her there and produced this key and a sixpence to roe, and said she found them on her—the prisoner heard that, and did not deny it—I have tried the key to the prosecutor's door, it opens it easily—I opened twelve doors in the same street with it, equally easy—in the morning the inspector asked her about the key—she said it belonged to her—she appeared very sober—her feet were very dry—she had no difficulty in putting on her shoes, that I noticed.

Prisoner's Defence. I do not know How I came into the house; I bought the key a year ago; my mother lives at No. 12, nearly opposite.





RICHARD BIRT

re-examined. No. 12 may be one of the doors I tried the key to—it opened doors on both sides of the street.
----FLYNN. I am the prisoner's mother—my house opens with a latch-key—I received the key from the landlord—I never suffer my children

to have it—this is it, (producing a key)—my daughter has a key, which she bought, which opens the door of my house—(the two keys being compared nearly corresponded in size, they had no wards.)

Prisoner. I took off my shoes that I should not disturb the people in my mother's house.





WILLIAM CHARLES ROSS
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted Dec. 1841, and confined four months, the last week solitary)—I was present at her trial, and am positive she is the person—I have known her five years.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

