



33. 




JOHN ATKINS, alias
 William Granger




, uttering counterfeit coin having been before convicted.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant-solicitor to the Mint. I produce

a copy of the record of the conviction of John Atkins, at tin's Court, in Dec. Session, 1839—I have examined it with the original, in Mr. Clark's office; it is a true copy—(read.)





WILLIAM WILSHIRE
 (policeman, K 249). I was present at the prisoner's trial—he is the same man—he pleaded guilty, and had six months.





GEORGE BAKER
. I am a cheesemonger, at King David-street, Shad-well. On 18th Oct. I came home, and found there had been a bad shilling passed at my shop—on the 19th the prisoner came and asked for 3d.-worth of bacon, and paid me with a bad shilling—I observed it was of the same stamp as that which had been passed the day previous—I said nothing about it, but gave him the change—I marked the shilling, and put it into my cash-box, with a piece of paper, separate from any other coin—he came again on the 21st, between five and six o'clock—he took up a piece of meat, and put it into my scale, and gave me another bad shilling of the same stamp as the two others—I could not give him in charge, as I was busy in my business—I said, "It is a bad shilling"—he said, "Is it?"—I said, "You know that it is," and he took up the shilling and went away—on Monday, the 23rd, he came again, and another person with him—he took up some meat, the same as he had done before; it came to 3 1/2 d.—he tendered me half-a-crown—I observed it was bad—I pulled out the till, and said, "I have no silver here, I must go to my other counter; but instead of that I slipped round to him—the other one went away—the prisoner said, "Do not you like my half-crown?"—I said, "No, nor you either"—he got away—I pursued him for 300 yards, till I got him into a dark corner—he turned sharp round, to hit at me, but he fell right into my arms, and I seized him by the throat, and took him to the station—I delivered the half-crown and the 2s. to the sergeant.





GEORGE HOGSTON
 (policeman, K 205). Baker gave the prisoner into my custody at the station—he said he knew of the half-crown, but he knew nothing of the 2s.—while the half-crown and 2s. were lying at the station, before the charge was taken, he made a grab at the 2s.—the sergeant caught hold of one hand, Mr. Baker of the other, and I caught him by the throat—I did not know at the time whether he had got them or not, but he had not—these are them, and the half-crown also (produced.)

MR. POWELL
re-examined. The 2s. and half-crown are all counterfeit.




GUILTY
. Aged 50.—


Transported for Ten Years.

