



1187. 




GEORGE FARNSBY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
28th of March, 3 hats, value 1s.; 1 umbrella, value 1s.; 1 bird-cage, value 10d.; 26 quarts of beans, value 6s.; and 24 bottles, value 1s. 2d., the property of 



James Sampell.






JAMES SAMPELL
. I am a fishmonger, and live in Dove-court, Cambridge-road. I have a garden about 100 yards from where I live—I had 3 hate and the other articles stated in a little out-house adjoining my summer-house—I am there every day—I left these things all safe on Friday the 27th of March, and on the Saturday they were all gone—I had seen the prisoner before—I received information, and went with an officer to his house on the 1st of April—I found him in bed, and one of my hats was in the house—this is it—(looking at it)—this is all I have found—I am sure this is my hat, though it is different now to what it was—it has a break in the crown—I put the band on it myself.





FRANCIS GEVAUX
. I am a labourer. On Saturday week last I saw the prisoner come down a turning with two white bats in his hand, and a bag of seed under his arm—he took them in-doors, and next morning I saw him with a bag of seeds, containing scarlet beans and two sorts of French beans—that was about 300 yards from the prosecutor's—on the next day the prisoner's brother was thrown out of a cart—he was carried home, and the prisoner came to the door with the bag in his hand which the seeds had been in.

Prisoner. This witness has been here himself, and tried for steeling beef. Witness. I was here—I was innocent, though I was found guilty.





JAMES PYE
 (police-constable K 111.) I received information, and went with the prosecutor to the prisoner's house—I waited till six o'clock when the house was open—I then went in and found this hat in the room where the prisoner was sleeping.






JAMES SAMPELL

re-examined. The beans I lost were two sorts of French beans, some scarlet beans, and some broad Windsor beans.

Prisoner's Defence. I bought this hat of a boy.




GUILTY
.** Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.
