



1418. 




MARTIN FITZGERALD



, for a robbery on 



Richard Fisher Angelo, and stealing a watch and other articles, value 6l.; his goods.






RICHARD FISHER ANGELO
. I live in York-street, Port man-square. On 9th June I was in the Regent's-park with my sister—I saw some boys coming along; the prisoner was one—one of them got before me and asked me the time—the others were going along all in a cluster—I did not take my watch out then; I had taken it out just a minute before—they were then about the length of this Court from me—we walked on—one of the boys came before me, and the prisoner came behind, and caught hold of me—I turned round, and asked what be wanted, and then another ran and caught hold of me too—they both called out, "Traitor!"—then the prisoner let go of me, and took my watch—he got it off without the guard, and got away, and ran—I got loose from the others and ran after him—I caught him, and got him down, and began to struggle with him—all the others got round and got him away—they did not do anything to me, only pushed me; they then ran away; I did not get my watch—I told the park-keeper—we went after the boys; we saw another park-keeper—we took three boys the first day; the prisoner was not one of them—I had never seen him before—I am able to swear he is the boy; I saw him for two or three minutes.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Were the other three discharged? A. Yes—when the officer pointed out the prisoner to me afterwards, and said, "Is that the boy?" I said, "I don't think it is," because I did not see his face—then afterwards I said it was him—the officer did not say anything to me between the time of my saying I did not think the prisoner was the boy and my saying it was him—I was then in Hyde-park—that was on the Tuesday; I had lost my watch on the Saturday before, about two o'clock in the day—I did not see any other persons in the Park, except one man, who ran with us, when we saw the park-keepers; there were no policemen—I do not know what was meant by the word "Traitor"—I did not know any of the boys—my father is a Major—I was taking a walk in the Park with my sister, and picking buttercups.





RESSY CASTEL ANGELO
. I am ten years old—I was with my brother in the Park; there were about sixteen boys there—one boy came and asked my brother the time, and he told him—after that, the boy went back to the other boys—then one boy came before my brother, and one behind—I cannot wear to the boys—then the boy that was behind caught hold of my brother's watch—my brother caught him, collared him, and they came to the ground—the other boys came up, and the biggest one asked my brother what was the matter—he said, "He has got my watch"—he said, "Oh, what nonsense!"—I

am sure the prisoner was one of the sixteen boys, but I do not know which was the one who took the watch—I did not see which boy my brother had hold of by the collar.





JOHN CUTTING
 (policeman, B 33). took the young gentleman to the Park; he looked across the Park, and said, "There they are"—I saw a mob of boys—I went across with him—he looked round, and I said, "Do you see him?"—he said, "No"—I then pointed to a lot of boys and the prisoner, outside; I said, "Do you see him there?"—he said, "I don't think that is him"—I said again, "Do you see him?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "Are you quite sure?"—he said, "Yes"—I said to the prisoner, "I shall take you for a highway robbery in Regent's-park on Saturday"—he said, "I was not in the Park all day on Saturday"—he said he was with his sister, picking peas—he then said he was picking peas, with his sister, in the morning—I sent he young gentleman to York-street, and told him to get his sister to look out of the window—I took the prisoner on the other side of the way, and I the young gentleman came, and said, "My sister is quite satisfied."

Cross-examined. Q. Did you point out the prisoner? A. No—I pointed to three or four boys standing close together, and said, "Do you see him there?"—I said, "Is not that the boy?"—he first said he did not think it was—I did not point out the particular boy to him, I pointed to three or four boys, and said, "Is he there?"—I was never taken up myself—I was never charged with being drunk, nor with ill-using a boy—I was not charged on Friday, 29th June—I never heard of a lady or gentleman going to the station and making a charge against me—I was never taken to the station for being drunk—I swear that I was not, last Friday, charged by a lady and gentleman with ill-using a boy, and being the worse for liquor—about half-past six o'clock in the evening, there was a disturbance with a lot of young thieves; I moved them away, and a young man came, and said, "If there is any charge, take them to the station"—I went to the station soon afterwards, I and the superintendent said, "Have you been ill-using a boy?"—I said, "I gave one a clip on the ear"—he said, "A person came, and said you had, I and were drunk"—he said, "You were not drunk, were you?"—I said, "No"—I told the Magistrate about the prisoner picking peas.

Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor said I had a jacket and Scotch cap on; I have only got the coat I wear; I have not got a Scotch cap.




GUILTY
.* Aged 15.—


Transported for Seven years.

