



727. 




JOHN SHEA
 was indicted

of stealing 5 shillings, the monies of 



Joseph Richards, from the person of 



Mary Ann Richards; and that he had been before convicted of felony






MARY ANN RICHARDS
. I am the daughter of Joseph Richards—I live with my parents. On Saturday night, the 8th of Feb., about half-past nine o'clock, I was in Chapel-street, Somers-town—a man was exhibiting something and there was a crowd—a young woman told me something—I put my hand in my pocket and missed five shillings, which I knew was safe two or three minutes before—I had had five shillings and a sixpence, and the sixpence was left—the prisoner was standing by my side—wheirf the young woman spoke to me he went away—I ran after him—he had then got about half-a-dozen doors off—the young woman stopped him, and we gave him in charge—I had just before seen him pass something to another boy who was with him, and he whispered something to the other boy-the prisoner had songs in his hand—the five shilling were my father's.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. You were in a crowd? A. Yes,

there was a weighing-machine—I was outside the crowd, but I could in the machine distinctly—I did not feel anything—I was standing still.





JANE BANFIELD
. I live with my mother in Somers-town—I was standing by Richards when she lost her money—I saw the prisoner standing by the side of me—he first had his hand in my pocket and I took it out—I then saw him put his hand into Richards's pocket and take it out again, and put it beside him—I saw him take something—he then touched another young man, and they both went away—I went and asked the prosecutrix if she had lost anything—she felt in her pocket and said she bad lost five shillings.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it after he put his hand in your pocket he put his hand in hers? A. Yes—I felt his hand in my pocket—I wai in the crowd, and he was behind me—the moment I turned round he wu going to take his hand out of my pocket, but he had no time, and I took it out—I said nothing but walked away—I got behind him and watched—I then saw his hand put in Richards's pocket.





EMMA THOMPSON
. I live in Somers-town. I was at this crowd where the man had the weighing-machine—I saw Richards and Banfield there—I felt the prisoner put his hand into my pocket, and I moved away—I was standing with Richards, and I heard Banfield speak to her—I saw the prisoner give something to another person—I did not know what it was—they went away together—I went after the prisoner and stopped him—I said he had better give up the money, and he said he had none—the policeman came up and he was given into custody.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know it was his haud that you felt in your pocket? A. He was standing close by me.





HARRISON WOOD
 (police-constable S 39.) I took the prisoner, and I found 4s. 2d. on him.





JAMES WEBB
 (police-sergeant F 17.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read—Convicted on the 19th of August, 1844, and confined three months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
.—Aged 18. 


Transported for Ten Years.

