



545. 



JANE ANDERSON
was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
26th of December, 1 gown, value 16s. 1 cloak, value 1l.; 2 pairs of boots, value 10s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 4s. 1 necklace, value 5s. 1 bonnet, value 8s.; 1 waist-buckle, value 5s.; 1 purse, value 1s.; 4 spoons, value 15s.; 1 sheet, value 7s.; 1 pillow-case, value 6d.; and 1 towel, value 1s.; the goods of 



Thomas Soulby, her master.






THOMAS SOULBY.
I live in William-street, Waterloo-road—the prisoner was in my service. On Christmas evening 1 went to bed about eleven o'clock—I laid the key of my street-door on the mantel-piece in the chamber—I had some silver spoons that evening—I put them into the tea-caddy—the gown, the cloak, and the other things mentioned in the indictment

were all safely locked up in the kitchen, and the key of the kitchen was on the mantle-piece in the chamber with the key of the street-door—about five o'clock in the morning I was alarmed by Mr. Saidler, a lodger—I got out of bed, and found my chamber-door was locked—I was locked in—my wife opened the window, and called "Police"—I missed the keys from off the mantle-piece—the policeman got in at the front window, came up stairs, and let me out—I went down, and found the kitchen-door open—I walked in, and found all the boxes open, and the drawers—I was astonished how they had got open, because I saw they were not forced—I then looked into the caddy, and saw that bad been forced—the spoons and a pair of plated nut-crackers were gone—I went up stain, and found the firstfloor doors were locked—the prisoner was gone, and all the articles stated—I have found nothing but these keys, these sheets, pillow-case, and towels.

Prisoner. They were in the pawn-shop from Christmas-eve—a person sent me to pawn them.





LOUISA SOULBY.
I went to bed on Christmas evening—the prisoner came up, and unfastened my dress, and left me—I cannot tell when these sheets and pillow-cases were safe—they had been kept with other linen, and I cannot say when they were taken—on the Christmas night, when the keys were taken, only my husband and I and Mrs. Saidler and the prisoner were in the house.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not leave me the key of the kitchen-door in my own room every night? A. I did sometimes leave the kitchen-key with the prisoner, but I did not that night.

COURT.
Q. Did you not leave me the key of the kitchen-door in my them all safe on Christmas afternoon.

HARRIET SAIDLER.I am the wife of William Saidler, he is in Wales. I lodge at the prosecutor's—I was awoke about ten minutes before three o'clock in the morning of the 26th of December, by the prisoner, or some person opening her bed-room—I heard them walk down stairs, and look; or unlock the kitchen-door, and from out of the kitchen they went and opened the street-door—I heard the voice of a man say, "Is all right? "—the prisoner, (or some female, said "Yes, " and they went down into the kitchen—I dared not to say any thing till all was quiet, and then I gave an alarm to the landlord.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me, or hear me go out of the house? A. I heard some person go out of your room, and some person go up and down stairs, and some person speak to a man—I gave the alarm about half-past four o'clock.

JURY.
Q. Did you hear the street-door close? A. Yes, twice, and I heard footsteps going to her room twice—I was in the front-parlour—I dared not give an alarm till I heard all was quiet.

WILLIAM COCKRILL(police-constable L108.) At a quarter-past five o'clock in the morning I was opposite the Victoria Theatre, and met the prisoner with two bonnets on her head, and a bundle under her arm—I said, "What have you got on your head, two bonnets? "—the said, "I know I have—I am going to fetch my mistress home"—I said, " What have you got under your arm? "—she said, "My young mistress's cloak, her dress, her snow-boots, and soled boots, " the story was so straightforward, that I let her go, thinking it might be so, it being Christmas night—she said her young mistress was dancing in pumps—I turned my light

on the articles, and found they were what she had described—I then went on, and went down William-street, and heard the cry of "Police"—I saw Mrs. Soulby crying "Police"—I called an officer, and we got into the house, and found the place ransacked—the door of the servant's bed-room was locked—we broke it open, and there was a candle burning in the fire-place—in searching the prisoner's bed I found this pocket, concealed between the bed and the mattress, it contained the purse, which had been taken out of Mrs. Soulby's bed-room.

Prisoner. I could not say my mistress was out dancing, when she had a house of ill fame to attend to—I never saw a policeman, nor opened my lips to any one. Witness. I have not the least doubt of her person—she spoke with a broad Scotch accent, just as she does now—I was at Unionhall on another charge, and saw her and recognized her directly—here is the tea-caddy, which had been broken open, and out of it the keys of the drawers and boxes were taken—the prisoner had returned to the house in the morning, and let herself in with the street-door key, and she bad the other keys hanging on her thumb.

LOUISA SOULBY
re-examined. Yes, she came in the morning, and let herself in—I was coming up the kitchen stairs, and she had this bunch of keys in her hand—the things she had when the policemen met her, were mine.

JAMES HELLYER(police-constable L131.) I received charge of the prisoner when she came to the prosecutor's house in the morning—I did not search her at the time, but when she was locked up I found a green silk purse, and I asked the prisoner if it was hers—she said, "Yes, "—I said she should have it another time"—she then said, no, hers was a brown silk purse—I found in it three duplicates of some of this property, which was pawned.

Prisoner. I never saw the silver spoons. On Christmas morning Saidler was not timid at letting four men in at her window, and I wonder she should be timid at letting Mr. Soulby know.

HARRIET SAIDLER
re-examined. I did not—I never had but one gentleman to see me, and that was my friend.

Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of the property—I had nothing on me, nor in my possession—I cast myself on the mercy of the Court—it is ray misfortune that the first situation I got in England proved to be a brothel—Saidler has been on the town these seven years, and Soulby knows that they send gin and brandy into the parlour, and get a profit by it—I came from Edinburgh on the 21st of September.




GUILTY.Aged 19.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor
—

Transported for Seven Years.

ADJOURNED TO MONDAY, FEBRUARY3RD, 1840.
