





1381. 




JAMES GRADY
 and 




JOHN SULLIVAN
 were indicted for

stealing 1 handkerchief, value 5s.; and 1 coat, 1s.; the goods of 



Joseph Meads, from his person; and that Grady had been before convicted of felony.






JOSEPH MEADS
. I am a lighterman. On the 27th of April I was, in Brook-street about a quarter past four o'clock—I fell down and broke my ribs—Grady came up, and said, "Have you hurt yourself?"—I said, "Yes, very much"—he took my coat off my arm, and gave it to Sullivan, who was with him, and who went down a court by the Red Lion—he came back, and said, "Let me help you home, if you have hurt yourself"—they then led me home—I said, "I am very much hurt," and one of them said, "Take off his handkerchief"—one of them, but I cannot say which, took off my handkerchief, and I saw Sullivan put it in his bosom with his right hand—my wife went for a cab, and I went to the hospital, and did not see any more of the prisoners till Whit-Monday, and I saw Grady, and said, "Will you give me the ticket of my coat?"—he said, "No, we sold it right out, and did not get but 12s. for the b—y articles altogether"—he said, "If you say any more I will stop your b—y wind"—I have not got either the coat or handkerchief again.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You are an old friend of theirs? A. No, I am no friend, nor yet a foe—I have known them eight or ten years—I am not on intimate terms with Grady—I have not drank with him above a dozen times—they get their living in the best way they can, by going about the wharfs, getting a job where they can—Grady may work at ballast-getting sometimes, but very seldom—I have worked a day or two with him in a sand-barge—on that day I had drank about two pots of beer—I fell down, but many a man breaks his arm or his neck when he is sober—I did not know where Grady lived—he was sometimes in Brook-street and sometimes in Limehouse—my wife went with me to the hospital—I paid for the cab when I got there, out of my right-hand trowsers' pocket—both the prisoners led me home, and took my handkerchief from my neck when I got home, when my wife was gone for a cab—they did not wait for her coming home, they went away directly—I told them not to take it, and they said, "It is all right, and so is your coat"—when Grady told me they only got 10s. or 12s. on it, Sullivan was not with him, but he had some other companion, and I was afraid to speak to him.

Sullivan. Q. Where did I take the coat from Grady? A. At the corner of Brook-street—I did not say anything to you—I did not say I had been drinking with a lot of females in the Crown and Anchor, and ask you and Grady to lead me home—I never heard my wife say she was thankful for what you had done.





ELIZABETH SHERBERT
. I saw the prisoners taking the prosecutor across the fields—he had his handkerchief on then, and the two corners blew over his left shoulder.

Sullivan. Q. Was he intoxicated? A. He was rather the worse for liquor.

Cross-examined. Q. Where were you? A. Standing at my own door—I saw him the worse for liquor coming across the fields—his handkerchief was round his neck, tied with two knots, as he generally wears it—he had not his coat on when he came home—I saw him go into his own house—the prisoners were helping him home, one on each side of him.






THOMAS JOHN BLAKE
 (police-constable K 137.) I took Sullivan into custody—he said he knew nothing about it, but Grady did, and I should find him at work at the West India Dock.





GEORGE PAVITT
 (police-constable K 260.) I took Grady—he was told he was wanted for stealing a coat and handkerchief of the prosecutor's—he said he knew nothing about the coat nor handkerchief but he and Sullivan assisted the prosecutor across the fields.

Sullivan. The prosecutor had a female taken up for stealing the handkerchief and coat.

GRADY. Yes, it was Catherine Sullivan; he took her out of my company; she was a prostitute; he was drinking with her the day he lost his coat.





JOSEPH MEADS

re-examined. No, there was no female.

JURY
to
THOMAS JOHN BLAKE. Q. Did the prosecutor charge anybody else, or say that any woman had anything to do with it? A. No.





JAMES PORTCH
 (police-constable K 91.) I produce a certificate of Grady's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read—"Convicted the 6th of May, 1844, and confined three months")—thq prisoner is the person.

GRADY—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.


SULLIVAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—



Confined Three Months.

