




2345. 




FREDERICK JOHN THOMPSON
 and 




ALFRED BENJAMIN SPURGEON



, feloniously forging and uttering an order for the delivery of goods, with intent to defraud 



Thomas Brandram and others; Thompson having been before convicted; to which


THOMPSON pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 44.—


Transported for Seven Years.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.





GEORGE JOHN WILLIAMS
. I am clerk to Thomas Brandram and others, of Sise-lane. On 12th Sept. Spurgeon brought this order—(read—"Sept. 12—48. Messrs. Brandram, please deliver one bag of pale British vermillion for John Houghton ald Son. George Stevens")—I said, "Do you bring this order direct from Houghton's?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, I doubted it—he at last admitted that a man he met at the Post-office, who he had never seen before, employed him to get the goods—he gave such a description of the man as enabled a clerk to go and bring Thompson in, and Spurgeon said he was the man—Thompson admitted it.





ROBERT JOHN STEVENS
. I am clerk to James Houghton and Sons. This order is not my writing—I did not authorize it—I did not know Spurgeon—I had seen him on the 6th, when he brought me this order-(read,—"Messrs. Houghton, please deliver two gallons fine Lucca oil for H. J. Vice, Bermondsey, 6th Sept., 1848")—I asked if it was written by Mr. Vice—he said it was not, but by the party who employed him to bring it—I said I would send the goods—he said, "We want them very particularly"—I said I would rather send them—he took the bottle he had brought—I said, "We shall want that to send the oil in," and he left it.





HENRY JAMES VICE
 I am an oil and colourman, of Bermondsey-square, Southwark, and deal with Messrs. Houghton—this order is not signed by me, or by my authority—I never sent for such oil, and never saw the prisoners before.





WILLIAM FRANCIS HARMS
. I am in the employ of Champion, Hankey, and Co., of the lead-works, Islington-fields-Spurgeon brought me this order—(read,—"One firkan of ground white lead for R. and D. Chambers. To Messrs. Champion and Co.")—I asked if they were busy—he said he had not been long there, and did not know what they called busy—I asked if one of Messrs. Chambers'did not travel—he said, "Yes"'—I gave him the lead—he took it away—this produced is it.





THOMAS HELLNTON
. I am clerk to Messrs. Chambers and Co., wholesale ironmongers, of Bishopsgate-street—we deal with Messrs. Hankey—this order is a forgery—I never saw Spurgeon.





GEORGE DICKENSON
. I am an oil and colourman, of Long-lane. on 9th Sept. I bought a keg of lead of Thompson—Messrs. Champion identified it.

Spurqeon's Defence. Thompson sent me with the orders.

SPURGEON—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—



Confined Twelve Months.

(There were three other indictments against the prisoners.)
