



1440. 




WILLIAM LEE
 was indicted

 for stealing a post letter, containing 1 sovereign, the property of the 

Postmaster-general.—Five other COUNTS, varying the manner of laying the charge.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH EBHART
. I live at Cheltenham. In June last I was staying at Exmouth, in Devonshire.—On the 25th June I sent a letter to my sister from Exmouth, enclosing in it two small notes and a sovereign, which I wrapped in a piece of tissue-paper—these are the notes that I enclosed, (produced,) and it was in such paper as this that I enclosed the sovereign—this is the envelope in which I put them—it is my handwriting—it is addressed to "Miss Ebhart, Chelsea College, London"—I sealed it, and gave it to Thyrza Tar, the servant, to put into the post—my sister's names are Rhoda Mary Ebhart.





THYRZA TAR
. In June last, I was in the service of Mrs. Beacham, at Exmouth.—On the 25th June I took some letters from the drawing-room table, one of them was addressed to Miss Ebhart—I recollect it perfectly well, it was in the last witness's handwriting—this is the envelope—I put it into the post at Exmouth, in time to go by the post of that day—I noticed there was coin in it—anybody could feel that.





WILLIAM STEPHENSON
. I am clerk in the General Post-office. The prisoner was letter-carrier there, in June last—on the morning of the 26th June, I was in attendance at the time of the arrival of the Exmouth bag, which was between half-past five and seven o'clock—I opened the bag, and deposited the letters on the table—in the course of business they would be carried from that table to another, to be stamped—it was part of the prisoner's duty to take them to the stamper's table to be stamped—we opened twenty-six bags at that table—five persons were employed to carry the letters—the prisoner was one of them—he was on duty that morning—I saw him employed in carrying letters to the stamping-table.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What time did the bag arrive that morning? A. About half-past five o'clock—I remember opening it—the prisoner was there when it arrived—I did not see him meddle with that bag further than bringing it to the place—it was sealed up then—there were five persons in that department during the hour and a half, from half-past five to seven o'clock—there are six persons in the first part of the morning, but only for a very short time—no other persons would have access to the letters before they had gone through his hands—at the stamping-table there are the stamper, and the person who takes the letters from him—six persons have access to the letters, that is, myself and the stamper, and four others.





ROBERT TYRRELL
. I am one of the constables attending the General Postoffice. On Friday morning, the 26th June, I was standing at the basement of the building, to see what was going on in the water-closets; this model properly represents the arch, within which the water-closets are, except that these round holes are a narrow wire grating, so that nobody can see that anybody

is looking through—a gas-light throws a light over the whole of the waterclosets, and I could see everything that was going on—Peak was at the other grating—I had been on the watch for an hour and a half, ever since half-past six, and about eight o'clock, I saw the prisoner come to the second closet directly opposite me—the room was perfectly light, I could see everything—I saw him enter the closet, undo his things, and sit on the seat—he remained there a short time, and then put his hands behind him into his coat-pocket—he drew from his coat pocket a small piece of writing-paper, which he dropped in front of him down the hole, between his legs, without making any use of it—he placed his hands into his coat pocket again, kept feeling there some little time, as if feeling for something, and then he brought in front of him a piece of white paper rolled up small, in the shape of coin, he unfolded the rolls several times—I saw it was very fine paper—I then gave a signal to Peak—he took my position, and I went round to the prisoner, who was then in the act of putting his things up—I laid hold of him, and asked what he had put dots the watercloset—he said, "Nothing but what I have been using"—I searched him, and in his waistcoat pocket found 18d. in silver, a few loose coppers in his trowsers pocket, and a sovereign loose in his left hand breast coat pocket—I found a small canvass bag in his left hand trowsers pocket, tied up closely, containing a sovereign, and 13s. in silver—a plumber was sent for, the watercloset was opened, and I saw him take from the closet, from the seat from which the prisoner rose, this piece of tissue-paper, from the basement, and also this letter from the same place—there were no marks of use on them—one has the appearance of having been used—it was in halves, but they are put together—part of the half seems to have been used—he certainly did not use the part that he put down in front of him—the tissue-paper was in one strip at the time it was found, but it has got split—I told the plumber when he came, to look for a fine piece of tissue-paper.

Cross-examined. Q. It is well known, I suppose, to the persons in the post-office, that there are these holes? A. No—I have given that in evidence before, but there has been no case since the prisoner has been appointed—we have no chance of catching any but those who have been recently appointed—I had been there since half-past six, and had seen from two or three to five or six persons occupy this particular water-closet—no person had been to this one within five minutes before the prisoner—I do not recollect who occupied No. 2 immediately before the prisoner—my attention had not been called to the prisoner particularly—he might very likely have gone there for the purposes of nature—I can scarcely tell—he sat long enough for that purpose—I cannot form any opinion whether be used any paper for the ordinary purpose—this piece of paper has soil upon it—I did not see the act of wiping his person.

COURT. Q. You did not see him get off the seat the whole time, nor pot his hand behind him, apparently for that purpose? A. No—the pieces he took from his pocket he dropped in front—I left him on the seat when I went round—when a person rises from the water-closet, the water flows in.





MATTHEW PEAK
. I am an officer of the Post-office. On the morning of the 26th of June I was stationed at one of the holes to watch—I did not tee the prisoner come to the water-closet—Tyrrel gave me a signal—I then came to the hole, and saw the prisoner sitting on the seat, in the act of putting small piece of paper in front of him into the basin—I then saw he had something of the appearance of coin in his hand, which he immediately put into his left-hand breast pocket, with his right hand—he had dropped the paper with his left hand—he then put his

hand into his coat pocket, pulled out a piece of paper, and dropped that between his legs, in front of him—he then put his hand into his pocket again, pulled out a similar piece and part of an envelope, he put the piece of paper between his legs, and used part of the envelope for a natural purpose—as soon as I saw him put the paper between his legs, I gave Tyrrell a nudge to go round, and be went away—I saw the prisoner rise from the seat, turn round, and look down into the basin—I then went round, found Tyrrell there and saw him take the sovereign from his right-band coat pocket.





WILLIAM BLACKBURN
. I am a plumber, employed by the General Post-office. On the morning of the 26th of June I was called to examine the water-closet—it acts of itself—the moment the weight of a person sits era it, the seat jumps one inch, opens a valve, and water flows into the box at the bottom of the cistern, and when the person rises from the seat, the water rushes into the basin—I examined the water-closet in question, and found two portions of a letter, an envelope, and a small piece of tissue-paper on the surface of the water—the basin does not contain water, but the trap under neath contains about three quarts—there is no bottom to the basin—I took the papers out, and handed them to the officer—there were several pieces of brown paper besides in the trap.





EDWARD CHURCHILL
. I am clerk in the inland office at the Post-office. On the morning of the 26th of June I was clerk of the table where the letters pass from the table to the stampers—I saw the prisoner assisting to carry letters from the table to the stamper—this letter has never received the London stamp—it must have been taken between the period of its coming from the bag and getting into possession of the stamper—it has the Exmouth stamp.





MR. ROBERT WILLIAM PEACOCK
. I am solicitor to the Post-office. Edward Glennell, Earl of St. Germans, was postmaster-general on the 26th of June.




GUILTY
. Aged 29—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice William.

