






1298. 




CHARLES SMITH, alias
 Groves

, 




THOMAS M'CARTHY
, and 




CHRISTIAN JOSEPH ALOYSIOUS KEIN



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Richard Clementson, and stealing 246 yards of cloth, 2 coats, 1 spoon, and other articles, value 87l. 15s., his goods; and 





THOMAS M'CARTHY, Sen.



, feloniously receiving part of the same, he having been before convicted.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecutitn.






MARGARET FLACKMAN
. I am servant to Mr. Clementson, of Coleman-street. On 16th May, about seven o'clock in the morning, I found the staircase window open, and the parlour door, and the back door leading to the yard—I had bolted that door the night before—I went to bed at half-past eleven the night before; the window was then shut—the front gates were locked, as I left them the night before—no one could get access to the premises through the door that was open, unless they were in the house before—if anybody had been in the house they could have let others in easily.

Cross-examined by
MR. BIRNIE. Q. Had there been any violence to the gates? A. No.






JAMES FREELAND
. I am going on for nineteen years of age—I had been for some time in the prosecutor's employ—I have known Groves and Kein about three months—the others I do not know much of—Tom M'Carthy and Andy Burke took me to a public-house on the over-night of the robbery-Groves and Tom M'Carthy had wanted me to do it two or three nights before, and I would not—Kein and old M'Carthy said nothing to me about it before it was done—some nights before the robbery, I met Charley Groves—he laid a plan that I was to let him in at half-past two o'clock in the day, and he was to let the lot of us in at night—Tom M'Carthy was present—I let Groves in on 15th May, at about half-past two o'clock—he jumped down into the cellar, and concealed himself—I did not look at him after that—I left the premises about six—I saw Tom M'Carthy, Jack Burke, and Andy Burke about ten that night, in Fore-street—Kein had been with us just before, and Andy Burke gave him a pint of beer, and sent him off; he was not to come nigh us—I saw Jack Burke and Tom M'Carthy again at twelve—they took me to a public-house, at the corner of Moor-lane, and gave me gin and beer—we then all met in Cole man-street, me, Tom M'Carthy, Jack and Andy Burke, and Kein—Groves let us into the house at half-past twelve—there is a little back place like a warehouse—Groves unlocked the door, and let us in there—the keys were always left in the door—when we got in, Tom M'Carthy said, "Hold your tongue, we shall be heard," and he and Jack Burke went up and fetched down nine pieces of cloth, and Tom M'Carthy went to get a cab, or one of the barrows, to take them away—in the meantime, one of them gave me a small parcel containing the silver tongs, the tea-spoon, eye-glass, and a top of a child's rattle, and said, "Take care of these Jem, they will

fetch us a few halfpence when we are hard up"—Tom M'Carthy came back, and said he could not get a cab, and he would bring a barrow and two empty fish-baskets, and take them away that way—I was out of the house before they were brought—I went about half-past four—I went home, and then to old M'Carthy—he said, "Young Tom has gone to fetch the cloth away"—I was returning from him, and met Tom and a chap named Babbs coming with the barrow and four pieces of cloth on it about half-past five—they took it to old M'Carthy's—I do not know who opened the door—I saw it chucked in, and old M'Carthy said, "Make haste, make haste, you will have somebody see us"—they then went back with the barrow to fetch the other five pieces away—I stopped at the corner of Coleman-street—Groves and Kein were then gone—Groves had a coat to go with, and Kein a coat and a pair of boots—I saw the coats taken: one was taken from the counting-house, where master put it; it was a brown coat to fit all round, and they took one coat from the parlour—one of the prisoners got in at the staircase-window—you go through the private house into the yard—Kein was lying on the ground drunk, and Tom M'Carthy and Jack Burke were sitting down in the bottom warehouse—I went to old M'Carthy a second time, and saw a second parcel of goods, containing the five pieces of cloth—the parcel of silver that was given to me I kept till it was found by the police—Tom M'Carthy and his mother then took me to a public-house in Upper Whitecross-street, and gave me some drink—in the middle of the day I was at the top of Lower White-cross-street, and saw a cart—it first went round to the George public-house, and from there to old M'Carthy's house—the man watched the policeman round the corner, and when he was gone the goods were pitched up into the cart by old M'Carthy, Jack, and Andy Burke—the cart came from Compton-street, but I do not know from what house; it then went back to Compton-street—I should know the coats again if I were to see them—on the same afternoon, about half-past two, they took us into a coffee-shop, and 18l. was divided—I had 3l. 4s., some of them had 3l. and some odd shillings—I believe Tom M'Carthy got more—they said he got 40l., but he only brought 18l.—he had told me old M'Carthy got 1l.—Tom M'Carthy met me one day up at Charing-cross, and wanted me to go and sell some cloth that I had.

Cross-examined Q. When Tom M'Carthy went to get the cab or barrow how long had you been in the house? A. I was in the house about three hours—I did not remain there, Andy Burke did—the coats were taken while Tom M'Carthy was absent—we were all in the bottom place together—as far as I know Groves took the coat from the parlour—I was told that by Andy Burke—Kein took one coat away while Tom M'Carthy was gone for the cab—I have never been in trouble—Groves first proposed this robbery, and Tom M'Carthy said, "Come on, make haste and do it"—that was about a week before—it was the Cat public-house that Tom M'Carthy and his mother took me to—he spoke to me about this robbery a week before—he met me in the street, and said to me, "Halloo! young Freeland, Charley Groves has been telling me that he has been persuading you to rob your master"—that was true, Groves had been persuading me—I cannot tell when—he had persuaded me several times—when we were all in the yard Andy Burke went up and brought down the first roll of cloth—he was absent three minutes—Jack Burke brought the second—I do not know who brought the parcel of silver, it was so dark—it was a little after one o'clock—that was before Tom M'Carthy went for the barrow—there were not many persons drinking at the Cat—we were at the bar—it was before six in the morning—there were two men there—one came to light his pipe, a carman out of

Coleman-street—I remained there half an hour, and we then went to a coffee-shop; we remained there till about nine, it was almost full of people—we did not talk much there—it was so dark the greater part of the time we were at the house that we could not see persons' faces, and I was not sufficiently acquainted with their voices to tell them—there was a little lamp alight, but it was blown out before the parcel of silver was given to me—I saw the persons who entered the house with me in the open air—they were Tom M'Carthy, Jack, and Andy Burke, and Kein—Groves was in the house before—I cannot tell what time he left—Tom M'Carthy got a fishmonger's barrow, and said it was to go to old M'Carthy's—this was done after Groves went—I saw him again next morning in Whitecross-street—he said they had not sold it yet, and told me not to go to work till I had got my money.





RICHARD CLEMENTSON
. I am a woollen-warehouseman, and live at 12, Coleman-street, in the parish of St. Stephen, Coleman-street—my warehouse is at the back of my dwelling-house—you cross the open yard to get from the house to the warehouse. On the morning of 16th May I came down and missed nine pieces of cloth, worth about 85l.; I have not seen them since—I had gone to bed about twelve the night before—the staircase window leads from the yard to the parlour; by that you can get into the dwelling-house—I should say it was shut the night before, because I was down-stairs last—I missed a pair of silver sugar-tongs, a tea-spoon, a silver eye-glass frame, and some other things—I have seen some of them since—the sugar-tongs were on the table in the sitting-room on the second floor—I fancy the thimble and silver shield were there—I missed an old black coat from a room adjoining the counting-house; it was worn at the cuffs, and might have a button or two off, and this olive-brown great coat (produced) from the rails of the counting-house—they were safe the night before.





MARK BULL
 (City-policeman, 151). On 16th May I examined the premises about nine o'clock in the morning—I should say the robbery had been effected by some one concealed on the premises—there were no marks of external violence—I apprehended Freeland on 26th May at No. 1, Artichoke-place—I told him the charge; he hesitated two or three minutes, and said he knew nothing about it—I searched, and between the bed and the mattress I found these sugar-tongs, spoon, and frame of an eye-glass, all in this handkerchief—he caught it with his right hand, and made a desperate effort to get out of the room—I took him to the station—shortly afterwards Tom M'Carthy was brought in by Trew—I placed myself in such a position as that I could hear what they said in their cells—Tom M'Carthy said, "Father, are you here?"—his father said, "Yes"—Tom M'Carthy said, "Bill Barrett has done this"—old M'Carthy said, "Have they found anything?"—Tom M'Carthy said, "They have found the sugar-tongs and some other articles upon the hid"—Tom M'Carthy said, "Are you here, Criss?"—Kein said, "Yes, two of them took me this morning"—Freeland called out to Groves, "Keep you counsel, Charley, they cannot hurt any of us"—the elder M'Carthy said, "Keep quiet all of you."

Kein. Q. Was anybody else locked up in the cell? A. There might be—there was no one sitting on the form before the cells.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know the M'Carthys? A. Yes, I have known them these seven or eight years—I know their voices.





JAMES FREELAND

re-examined. This olive great coat is my master's—I was at the Barley-mow a night or two after this robbery with Andy Burke, and Groves, and another fellow—Groves had this coat with him—they asked Mr. Martin, the landlord, for a brush, and brushed it.






GEORGE TREW
 (City-policeman, 26). On 26th May, at a quarter before one in the morning, I took Smith—I knew him by the name of Groves—I told him the charge—he said he knew nothing about it—I then took Tom M'Carthy in Whitecross-street—on the second examination on 1st June I was taking him and Groves along the street and Tom M'Carthy called to his wife and said, "Go and tell Andy and Jack Burke to get out of the way"—I took Kein after that.

Kein. When he came to take me I was in bed; I told my wife to fetch down my coat; I was looking for my cap, and he said he thought I must be passing something to my wife, and shoved her away, and she is very heavy in the family-way. Witness. I never touched her—she is a Very respectable woman, and so is his mother.





GEORGE FLOODGATE
. I am in the employ of Mr. Brighton. On 16th May I saw Freeland, Groves, Tom M'Carthy, and Mrs. M'Carthy drinking at the Cat, at six in the morning—the men appeared wet—it had been wet all night.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you have anything to drink? A. No; I went to light my pipe—I have only known M'Carthys by seeing them about the street—I have not been acquainted with them.





GEORGE WATTS
. I am an umbrella-maker. I saw Groves and Freeland together on the evening after the robbery, at the corner of White Horse-court, Whitecross-street—a party passed them, and Groves asked him if he would have anything to drink—Groves put his hand in his pocket, and pulled out more than one sovereign and some silver—I saw no more of them—they had something to drink together—the next evening I saw them together, and Groves had money then—he was in conversation with others, but not the prisoners—I heard Freeland say he had let Groves in in the after part of the day, and concealed him in the beer cellar; and during that time be fed him several times with provisions, and when the time was appointed for the robbery, Groves let them in, and Freeland said he got in at the window, and got the things out of his master's bed-room; that he got the keys and opened what doors required opening, and young M'Carthy was there at the time—he said he did not like it, and he would go and get a cab or barrow to take the things away—Groves did not say whether it was so or was not, he could hear what Freeland said, but when the coat was mentioned he was not there—he said, he had pawned a coat for 7s.; I did not hear him say where he got it—four or five days after the burglary, I saw Tom M'Carthy with the Burkes—he and Andy Burke said they had done a good thing—I heard cloth mentioned—I informed Mr. Clementson—I heard old Mr. M'Carthy say he had had a good flare up, and I heard another party say to him; "Well, you may have a good fare up because it comes easy to you"—I think this was on the Tuesday, in Whitecross-street; his wife was with him, and two strange men.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know his wife? A. Yes; I heard it was his wife, and then I heard it was a party he lived with—when Freeland said he let Groves in, M'Carthy was not present—I was once tried for buying some tools, but was acquitted, because I proved I could buy them at the price—I was once before a Magistrate about a book, but I was not the guilty party—I was not acquitted—my master came up, and said if I had a little punishment It might make a bright man of me—I was sentenced to three months—that is nearly twelve years ago—I was then between sixteen and seventeen, and I am now twenty-seven.





WILLIAM WATERS
. I live in London-passage, Whitecross-street. On 19th May, Groves brought me this brown coat to the Barley Mow—Freeland and Kein were with him—Groves asked me to pawn it—I tried it on; a

brush was asked for, and it was brushed—I asked Groves if it were his own?—he said, "No;"—I gave it him back, and he took it out and said he would get a man of the name of Barrett to pawn it for him, but before he took it out, Kein and a boy took it down Ratcliffe-highway to sell it—the boy is now at sea—Kein brought the coat back, and said they were offered 6s. for it, and he would not take it—I saw Groves afterwards with the duplicate—he said it was pawned for 7s., but he must alter the ticket into 6s. for he must give a shilling to the man for pawning it—he said that he had had a bit of a hut; that he had sold the property to a man named Hoare, a metal-dealter in Compton-street—he did not say what property, nor where it came from—he said they were offered 40l. for it, then it came to 30l., and then it came to 18l., and 18l. was taken for it—Groves said he wanted to take 40l., but one of the others would not take that—I saw a sovereign and a half, and he said it was the produce of the robbery—on the Sunday evening I saw Kein, Groves, and Freeland, drinking in Whitecross. street, and Groves said, "If anything should he said about it, I will send you word, and you may say all you know about it"—Freeland said, if anything should he said, he would rip the parties up for saying it, or words to that effect—Kein was not within hearing.

Kein. Q. What was the reason of your leaving Bullock-alley to go to Somerstown? A. Because I had not got money to pay my rent—I have been charged with two assaults, but no robbery—a silver-mounted pipe was pawned six months ago—I sold the ticket for 1s. 6d. the week before last.





JOSEPH LUCAS HODGES
. I am shopman to Mr. Folkard, a pawnbroker. I produce this coat, I do not remember its being pawned—I have the duplicate which I wrote on 19th May—it was pawned by a female in the name of Ann Smith, for 7s.





JAMES MARTIN
. I keep the Barley Mow, Blue Anchor-alley. On 19th May I saw Groves, Freeland, and Kein at my house—they asked me for a brush; I lent them one; they returned it—I should think they were there from ten till one—Kein had been there before.





JAMES MINCHIN
. I live in Great Mitchell-street, St. Luke's. On the Tuesday after the robbery, Grove and Kein came to my house—Kein had an old black dress coat with him—it was broken under the arms, and the buttons off, and it had a piece on the elbows—he took it off and said would I buy a coat—I said, "What do you want for it"—he said, "half-a-crown"—I bought it for 1s. 6d.—I had it mended, and sold it for 3s.





JAMES HUTCHINGS
. I am Mr. Clementson's porter. On the evening of 15th May 1 locked up the premises safely at ten minutes before seven o'clock.

Kein. He is Freeland's father-in-law; they both work in one place.

MR. CLBMENTSON. That is so—his first coming was in consequence of Hutchings being ill.

Keins Defence. I have been working under my father twenty-five years; I know nothing about this; I was at work at the gas factory, in Brick-lane; my father and mother are honest, industrious people.





JOHN BEE
. I produce a certificate of the Conviction of Thomas M'Carthy, senior—(read—Convicted 9th April, in the 10th year of King George the Fourth, and transported for seven years)—he is the person.
(Kein received a good character.)

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

T. M'CARTHY, Jun.—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.





Transported for seven Years



KEIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 21—



Confined One Year.

T. M'CARTHY, Sen.—


GUILTY
. Aged 59.—


Transported for Ten years.

