



668. 




HANNAH M'CARTHY



, stealing 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; 1 jacket and 1 waistcoat, 15s.; the goods of 




James Johnson; having been before convicted.







JAMES JOHNSON
. I am a seaman, and live at Ratcliffe-highway. I went home with the prisoner one Thursday—I had no money—I agreed to give her my black satin vest, which was more than the amount of the money, and she was to give me the ticket—I had been drinking—we went to bed about eleven o'clock—I gave her my handkerchief, jacket, and waistcoat, to take care of—I awoke in the morning, and wanted to rig myself—she denied that I had a waistcoat—I said I knew better—she went down stairs, and came back drunk—I only had my trowsers, shoes, shirt, and cap left—I allowed her to take nothing but the vest.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you give the landlady's daughter 3s., to get supper? A. I did not have supper, and had nothing to drink in the house—I had been drinking with two girls that night, and was robbed of eleven sovereigns while I was getting my likeness drawn—I did not permit you to pawn my handkerchief or jacket—I told you to take care of them.





JOHN MORRISH
 (policeman.) The prisoner was given in my charge—she was very drunk.





GEORGE GOWER
. I am assistant to Mr. Child, of High-street, Shadwell. I produce a jacket, pledged by the prisoner for 10s., at half-past eight o'clock in the morning—Johnson identified it.





OWEN MRAD
. I am a coal-whipper. The prisoner came to a public-house at Shadwell that morning, and had a waistcoat for sale—I bought it of her.

Prisoner's Defence. I told him I was going to pawn the jacket for 10s., and he lent me his shoes, as it was a snowy morning; the landlady went with me; we went into a public house, and she took a waistcoat from under her cloak, and gave it into the man's hand; I did not know she had it; I left them there.





JOHN WOOD
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate—(read—Hannsh M'Carthy, convicted Aug., 1846, and confined nine months)—the prisoner is the woman.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

