



2949. 




GEORGE BAYS
 was indicted

 for feloniously receiving, on the 
24th of August, 2 carpets, value 25l. 10s., the goods of 



Charles Alderton. 2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 



William Viscount Melbourne.






CHARLES ALDERTON
. I live in Little Chesterfield-street, Marylebone, and have a stable in Cross-keys mews. On the 24th of August I had three carpets of Lord Melbourne's to beat—I brought them home, and placed them in my coach-house, at half-past nine o'clock at night, and next morning they were gone—there were three men tried last sessions for stealing them, and two were convicted.





CHARLES PIGEON
. I live in Whetston-park, Lincoln's-inn-fields. On the 24th of August I was in Great Marylebone-street, and two men called me, they put the carpets into my cab, and I carried them.





JANE KING
. I live in Oxford-buildings—the prisoner lives at the bottom of the house—about ten o'clock that morning the prisoner came up to

the two-pair front room, which is Mrs. Robertson's—Mrs. Hill, the lodger, answered her—I could not understand what he said to her, but she said, "I am not allowed to take any thing in, nor let any thing out, unless Mr. Robertson is present"—the prisoner then turned down stairs—in about two minutes he came up again, knocked at the door, and said, "Mary, if you don't take it in I shall be transported; no harm will come to you if you take it in, they will only search my place; if you do, I will make you a handsome present"—Hill and another lodger went down stairs—I heard a great noise—I looked out, and saw them dragging carpets out of the prisoner's first-floor front room, up to Robertson's back room, and Hill looked thodoor.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are you married? A. No—I shall be thirty years old next July—I have no father or mother—I live with William King—I am not married to him—he is no relation of mine—he is not here—I have been in trouble several times, but only for taking a glass of drink—I have never been in any prison but in Tothill-fields—I believe I have been three times—it is above twelve months since I was there last—I have never been at any police-office but Marlborough-street—I was sent to Tothill-fields the last time, as I had had a glass of drink, and the policeman spoke to me—I was rather cross to him—I was not drunk, I was half and half; and the time before was for being tipsy, and not capable of taking care of myself—I have been unfortunate for the last ten or twelve years.

COURT. Q. Have you ever been in prison under charge of stealing, or of robbery in any way? A. No, nothiog but for taking a glass of spirits.





CHARLES PIGEON

re-examined. On the night of the 24th of August Wilkinson and Laycock brought me a carpet, and told me to drive to Oxford-buildings with it, which I did—they took it out of the cab to Oxford-buildings.





ELIZABETH SIMMONDS
. I live in Oxford-buildings. On that night I opened my door, and saw the prisoner assist with the carpet up stairs—he was the last person on the stairs—I looked at him, and he looked at me, and I immediately shut my door.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you sober? A. Yes—I have a large family to look to, and I am in danger of my life now—I had tea for my breakfast this morning—I had a drop of beer with my lunch—I have been in more public-houses than one—I cannot tell how many.





THOMAS HARRISON
 (police-sergeant D 14.) I went about nine o'clock that morning to No. 20, Oxford-buildings, the lower part of the house is a marine store shop, kept by the prisoner—I saw him there, and asked him if he knew any thing about any carpet—he said, "No, I do not"—I said, "There have been two stolen, and I am told they are come into the buildings"—he said, "I know nothing about it"—I went away, and went again about one o'clock—I said, I was satisfied they had come, and I should search the place—I searched the bottom part, and found nothing—I then said, "Have you any rooms up stairs?"—he said, "Yes, the first floor"—I went there, and then said, "Have you no rooms up higher?"—he said there was a room which belonged to two men, who were gone hopping—I said, "How shall we get in there?"—he said he could get in by the window—I sent an officer with him, and he got in—I found nothing there—I then went to the second floor back room, and found the carpets—I sent an officer down for the prisoner, and he was gone—I have been looking for

him ever since, till the 22nd of this month, when I took him in his own shop—I found the carpets in Hill's room, as King has described.





CHARLES PIGEON

re-examined. The carpets were delivered in Oxford. buildings about half-past eleven o'clock at night.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was it you took up the parties? A. At Cross Keys Mews, which is about two miles from Whetston-park—Wilkinson and Laycock were with the carpets—when I got to Oxford-buildings I saw nothing of the prisoner.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.
