



1165. 




JOHN DOWLING
 was indicted

 for bigamy.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the prosecution.






WILLIAM UPCHURCH
 (police-constable B 25.) On the 13th of May the prisoner was given into my charge at Queen-square—I told him the charge—at the police-court he said he thought his wife was dead, that he had made every inquiry and could hear nothing of her—I produce a certificate of a marriage in 1843, which I have compared with a register at St. George's, Hanover-square, and it is a true copy—I produce another certificate, which I got from the prisoner's pocket, of a marriage on the 9th of March, 1845—I compared it with the register at St. John the Evangelist, Westminster—it is a true copy.





FRANCES HUDSON
. I live at Swinton, in Wiltshire. I know the prisoner perfectly well—I know nothing of his marriage with Harriet Hudson, but I know he was her husband I saw them together frequently—I visited them in April, 1840—they living in Drummond-street, Euston-square—she introduced him as her husband, and she is now alive.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Is the prisoner a seafaring man? A. I believe he is—he always passed as such—I know he left my sister, in 1840, to go a voyage, but whether he went that voyage I do not know—he did not come to my house, on his return form his voyage, to inquire about my sister—she was in Court a little time ago—just before this charge she was living at Cirencester, as housekeeper, with Mr. Webb, who keeps an establishment for young gentlemen—she went there after her husband went on his voyage, and before his return—she was never

married before—she was always in service, but she was out of a situation when she married him—she is my husband's sister—I have heard the prisoner mention to her that she had had a child, and she did not deny it—she is not the prosecutrix of this indictment—she did not come up from Cirencester to prosecute him—she was in a good situation there, and through this her master has discharged her—she did not wish to hare anything to do with this man—she wished to get rid of him altogether—she kept herself quite secluded from him and from the family likewise.





GEORGE MATTAM
. I am sexton of the parish of St. George, Hanover-square. I produce the register of marriages at that church—(read,) "John Dowling and Harriet Hudson, both of this parish, were married by banns this 2nd of June, 1834, in presence of George Mundy and Lydia Clark."





JOHN BOGDLE
. I am clerk to a savings-bank. I know the prisoner's handwriting—he made application at the savings-bank to receive the money of Jane Davies—it was made in writing—it is in this book—I saw him sign this.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you ever see him write, except on that occasion? A. Yes, when he came for the property of his first wife—I am not aware that he put any money in.

COURT. Q. What was his first wife's property? A. Thirty-seven pounds—he got that in 1834—it must have been put in before then—he claimed 27l. for his second wife, but he did not get that.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Look at the signature in the register of St. George, Hanover-square, do you believe this to be his handwriting? A. Yes; I have no doubt whatever that this "John Dowling" is the writing of the prisoner—I was present when he applied to receive the money of Harriet Hudson—I did not know her personally—he applied to receive the money of Harriet Hudson, she being his wife, on the 14th of July, 1834, and produced a certificate of marriage.





JANE DAVIS
. I live in Marsham-street, Westminster. I was married to the prisoner on the 8th of March last, at St. John the Evangelist, Westminster—he represented himself as a widower, and said his wife had died in child-birth, five years ago.

Cross-examined. Q. What were you? A. A dressmaker—I carried on my business in my father's house, at No. 43, Marsham-street—I did not always live with my father—I lived with a lady in Compton-street—that was the only person I have been with except my father—I first met the prisoner at my father's shop—he came for some grocery—I only asked him what he wanted—I did not get into any conversation with him after he had had the grocery—I did not tell him it was a great pity that he should come out for his own grocery—I have four sisters—I was at a public-house with two of them and the prisoner one evening—I was not pressing for the prisoner to perform his promise—I had two rings from him, I do not know whether they were gold, and a watch—I did not say I should keep them till he performed his promise the next morning.





GEORGE FREDERICK JOHN BREILLAT
. I was present at the prisoner's marriage with Davis, at St. John the Evangelist's, Westminster—I think it was on the 9th of March.





FRANCES HUDSON

re-examined. Q. Look at this register on the 2nd of June, 1834, and see if you know whose writing this "Harriet Hudson" is? A.


is? A. it is my sister's—I can swear to it, and she is the person I saw with the prisoner in 1840.




GUILTY
. Aged 44.—


Transported for Seven Years.

