



789. 




PATRICK MURPHY
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Walter Cutchy, in the night of the 
8th of Jan., at 
St. George the Martyr, South wark, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 3 coats, value 1l.; and 1 waistcoat, value 5s.; his property.






WALTER CUTCHY
. I am a hosier and clothier, and live at 67, Blackman-street, Borough. On the night of the 8th of Jan. my house was closed, and all safe—I went to bed at eleven o'clock—I was awoke about two by the policeman—I went with him into the shop, and found one of the fan-lights over the street-door broken—it was safe when I went to bed—I missed three coats, and one waistcoat, which I have not recovered—I found a stick and two waistcoats behind the door—they bad been removed from the place they occupied over-night.





RICHARD JAMES
 (policeman.) On Tuesday morning, the 9th, I was on duty, and saw the prisoner standing on another one's shoulders, with his arm through the prosecutor's fan-light—I ran across the road, and as soon as he dropped off the other one's shoulders, I took him into custody, and conveyed him to the station—I then returned to the shop, called Mr. Cutchy up, and on going into the shop he missed three coats and a waistcoat—I saw some broken glass on the table, and a stick and two waistcoats, which had been knocked down—the goods were hanging upon brass rods, inside the fan-light—I dare say this stick would bring the goods off the rod to the window-there is no hook to it, or anything peculiar about it.

Prisoner. He cannot swear I broke the window; I was coming home; two youg men were passing; they caught my cap away, and chucked it up to he fan-light; I asked them to lift me up, which they did to get my cap; the

policeman was drunk, and used very bad language. Witness. I did not—I found no cap inside the window—I was not drnnk—his cap was on when I took him—the prosecutor's house is in the parish of St. George the Martyr.





JOHN BARTLETT
. I work at Mr. Davis's—I saw the constable take the prisoner into custody, and saw his arm through the fan-light over the door.

Prisoners Defence. I got on the man's shoulders to get my cap; no property was found on me.




GUILTY
. Aged 19—


Transported for Ten Years.

