



785. 




THOMAS EAGLE



, for feloniously, whilst employed in th Post-office, stealing a letter containing a half-sovereign, and I shilling, the property of

 Her Majesty's Postmaster-General.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN FORBES.
 I am messenger at the General Post-office. On the morning of 1st Feb., about nine o'clock, I was on duty in the Inland-office—the prisoner was employed there, sorting letters to go by the morning mail—he sat at a table—I saw a letter on his left side—he threw his handkerchief over it, and then put the handkerchief into his right trowsers pocket—there was no letter then—I went round the office, returned in about half an hour, and saw him put another letter under his left arm, which was along the edge of the table, not toughing it—after he had sorted all the letters in his left hand, he pushed the letter out of sight, under some French newspapers—he then put his hand under the newspapers, moved it, drew it out, and put it into his left breeches pocket—I could not see anything in his hand—I told the president on duty.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILDE.
Q. Does each sorter sit at a separate desk? A. At a long desk, about three feet high, with a beading down the middle, to sort the letters against—they sit on both sides—I can see them from any part of the office—I was twelve or fourteen yards from the prisoner—I have been in the Post-office fifteen years—the newspapers were ten inches square—he was sorting them with the letters—he is generally two hours sorting—I saw the seal and the date-stamp of the last letter.

MR. CLARKSON.
Q. Were you on a level with or above the prisoner? A. Rather above him—I looked down on him—if a letter was posted at five o'clock it would be delivered next morning, and would bear next morning's stamp—it appears to have been posted at Barnsbury-park, Islington.






GEORGE WILLIAM GRAHAM.
 On 1st Feb., at a quarter past nine o'clock in the morning, I was on duty as president at the Post-office—Forbes told me something, and sent for the prisoner into the superintendent's room, and said, "Mr. Eagle, it has been intimated to me that you have letters secreted about your person; is it so?"—he gave no answer, but shook his head—I said, "have you any objection to be searched?"—shook his head again, and murmured, "No,—Peak, who was there, searched him, and took a letter from his left trowsers pocket, and another from the right—I put my initials on both—on was addressed to Mr. Wheatley—these letters would come to his hand in the course of business that day—he was sorter of the South western Railway letters—if a letter had been put in overnight at Barnsbury-park it would bear the impression this letter to Mrs. Wheatley bear, and would be in the division he was sorting.





MATTHEW PEAK.
 I am a constable of the General Post-office. I went into the room with the prisoner—I searched him, and found this letter addressed to Mrs. Wheatley, in his left-hand trowsers' pocket, the seal was not broken—in his right hand pocket I found another letter, wrapped up in as old handkerchief—I asked him where he got them—he said he did not know—I asked where he lived—he said, "John-street, Holland-street, Blackfriars" and said, "Are you going there?"—I said, "Yes—he said "You will be as gentle as you can with my wife, for I am guilty"—he was taken before a Magistrate, who desired me to open Mrs. Wheatley's letter—it contained a half-sovereign and shilling—I felt the coin before I open it—after the first examination, the prisoner made a statement, which he signed, and the Magistrate also—this is it—(read—"the prisoner says,'I have never taken anything from the office before; I admit taking these two letters this morning, and God knows what possessed me to do it; I sincerely regret it.'")





MARY TOOGOOD.
 I am in the service of Mr. Hunt, of Belithavillas, Barnsbury-park. On 31st Jan. I sent the letter produced to Mrs. Wheatley, my sister, at Tolpuddle, near Melbourne, Dorset, addressed as it is now—I posted it in Barnsboury-park, at a quarter to five, after post time.




GUILTY. Aged 32.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Erle

