




2154. 




JANE MONAGHAN
 and 




JOHN HENNESSEY
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
20th of June, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 watch-chain, 2l.; 1 seal, 10s.; and part of a seal, 5s.; the goods of 



Matthias Ramsdale, from his person; and that Henessey bad been before convicted of felony.






MATTHIAS RAMSDALE
. On Monday, the 19th of June, I met with Monaghan—I slept with her, and on the Tuesday morning I had my watch—I lost it in the course of the day—this is it.





ELLEN WILLIAMS
. On Tuesday morning, the 20th of June, I was at the Black Horse, at Poplar, with the prosecutor—the two prisoners were there—the prosecutor took his watch out of his fob, held it in his hand, and looked at the time of day—he then twisted the chain round his finger—Monaghan took it from his hand, and gave it to Henessey to go and pawn—Henessey is quite innocent of it—Monaghan asked him to go and pawn it—he did not go at that moment—the prosecutor was quite close by us all.





MARY ANN HENLEY
. I know the two prisoners by sight—they both asked me to go and pledge a watch—I went and pawned it in the name of Smith, as Ellen Williams asked me to do so—she and the prisoners were all together.






THOMAS ALLEN
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce this watch, which was pawned in the name of Ellen Williams by Henley.

Monaghan's Defence. I met the prosecutor and Williams; I went in with them; I said, "Are you not going home? "he said, "No;"I said I was going to the Thames-police, and I would go with him; we went on, and in going along Williams said, "We will pawn his watch; "I said, "No, if he is short of money let him do it himself;" he went into the house, and gave me the watch into my hand.

Henessey's Defence. I met three girls and the prosecutor together; they said, "Will you have a drop of beer?" and I did; Monaghan asked me to pawn the watch—I did not know whether it was stolen or not.





JAMES ROOKE
 (police-constable K 245.) 1 produce a certificate of the prisoner Henessey's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

Henessey. I was innocent then, and am now.

MONAGHAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—



Confined Six Months.


HENESSEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.

