






2492. 




WILLIAM PIM,



 HENRY CLARK,



 JOSEPH EWINGTON
, and 




THOMAS ALLEN
, were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




John Pim, about twelve in the night of the 
11th of Oct., at 

Lambeth, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 1 coat, value 5s.; 1 waistcoat, 2s.; 1 handkerchier, 1s.; and a variety of tools his property; 1 plough, 6d.; 3 saws, 5s.; and other tools, of 



Thomas Seatle; Pim and Allen having been before convicted of felony; to which


PIM pleaded 


GUILTY. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN PIM.
 I am a builder, and live at 6, White Hart-place, Kennington-lane, in the parish of Lambeth—it is my dwelling-house—the prisoner Pim is my son—he worked for me, and lived in my house up to the 11th of Oct.—I went to bed that night about nine o'clock—I got up next morning about a quarter or ten minutes before six, came down stairs, opened my back-parlour shutters, and saw a ladder standing against the back stop—I then opened my front shop, and on returning to the back, saw my workman's tool-chest broken open—the lock had been cut away by some instrument—I do not know how

the house had been entered—some of my workman's best tools were gone from the chest, and a basket of my tools also, worth about 1l.—they were taken from the kitchen and workshop—I went to my son's bedroom, he was not there, and had not been in bed—I went into the front room first floor, found a cupboard broken open, and some spirits and wine gone—an attempt had been made to break open the door of my back-shop or iron-foundry, but that had not succeeded—I went into the kitchen, and there saw three chairs placed, and two empty bottles on the table—the thieves had been regaling themselves—here are a quantity of tools produced, some of which are mine, and some my workman's.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALDWIN.
Q. Does the back shop adjoin the dwelling-house? A. There is about two yards' separation between my dwelling-house and the back shop—nobody lives in the back shop—there was no reason why my son should not have slept at home that night—I should say there were three persons engaged in this, from the three chairs which I found placed in the kitchen.





THOMAS SEATLE.
 I am assistant to Mr. Pin—I left my tools safe on Monday, the 11th of Oct., and missed them next morning—these now produced are them—they are worth 1l. 17s. 10d.





THOMAS STEWART ROGERS
 (police-inspector L.) On Tuesday morning, the 12th of Oct., about a quarter to one, I was standing at Kennington-cross, about seventy yards from Mr. Pim's house, and saw a man cross from the direction of Mr. Pim's, across Walcot-place, with a basket of tools on his back—I believe it was the prisoner Clark—he was staggering, I thought he was drunk.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know Clark? A. No—I believe him to be the person I saw, and pointed him out next day.





HENRY EVANS.
 I assist my father, who is a publican, at Lambeth. Last Monday week, about half-past twelve o'clock at night, Clark came to our house for half-a-pint of beer—I served him—he had a basket of tools over his arm, and a hand-saw in his hand—he asked if he might leave them till the morning—I said yes, and I put them in the kitchen—he was a little drunk—I gave the tools to the policeman in the morning.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean that he was a little intoxicated or very drunk? A. Very drunk—I did know him before, except by coming to the house once or twice.





THOMAS HENRY EVANS.
 I am last witness' father—I know Clark—I saw him in my skittle-ground on the Tuesday afternoon, about twelve o'clock—I asked what he wanted—she said a basket—I said what basket—he said a basket of tools that he had left the over-night with my eldest son—I said, "Tools!"—he said, "Carpenter's tools"—I said, "Indeed, then I want you," and I collared him, and gave him into custody—he said he was innocent, he knew nothing about it.





ABRAHAM ABRAHAMS.
 I am a broker, in Vere-street, Clare-market. On this Tuesday, about twelve o'clock, Pim, Ewington, and Allen came to my shop—Allen and Ewington had each a basket of tools—they asked if I would buy any tools—I said if I knew where they came from I would, if they would suit me—they directly walked to the back of shop into another room, and began to throw them out on the table—I said they would not suit me at any price, unless I knew where they came from—Allen said, "You may depend upon it they are all right, I have been known in this neighbourhood for a length of time, and I have pledged some of them in my name"—I did not like their proceedings, and said they would not suit me—they said I might have them for 1l., and then 10s. I told them to pack them up and go—they

were quite drunk, and were taking liberties with the servant girl—one of them whispered in my ear, "Give me a bob, you can have them for a bull"—I understood that to mean, that if I gave them 1s. I could have them for a crown—Phillips, the beadle, came in, and Allen immediately said, "Phillips knows me, you can buy them now with safety"—I would not—Phillips went away, and they packed the tools up—in going out of doors Ewington hit me in the face, and said I was a muff, and would not take a pound if it was given me—they took the tools away with them—these are the same sort of tools—this stock they pointed out to me as being worth a great deal. and also a brown great coat one of them had on—I believe it was Ewington—this is the coat.





JOHN PIM

re-examined. These are my tools, and these my man's—they are not the same I saw just now—this great coat is mine, and was in my house on the night in question.





JOHN PHILLIPS.
 I am street-keeper at St. Clement Danes. On the Tuesday in question went into Abrahams' shop, and saw Pim, Ewington, and Allen there, and a quantity of tools lying on the back-parlour table—Allen said, "Here is the beadle, he knows me well, why don't you buy them?"—I went out for a policeman—I afterwards took them in a cab to the station. and on the way Clark was brought up to the cab by another constable—they were taken in a public-house next door to Abrahams'—I produce the two baskets of tools, and the great coat which I found on Ewington's person, under his jacket I found this waistcoat, belonging to Mr. Pim, and this handkerchief in the coat-pocket.

Ewington's Defence. I was coming by Mr. Pim's about five o'clock on Tuesday morning, and met Mr. Pim's son, with a basket of tools, a great coat, and a waistcoat, which he asked me to help him carry; I did so; he told me to put the coat on, and said it was his own; I put it on, and he gave me the waistcoat to button underneath my own, which I did; I helped him carry the things to where he was going, and that is all I know about it.

Allen's Defence. I have worked in Covent-garden Market for four years; on Tuesday morning, at half-past eight, my wife brought me my breakfast, and about half-past nine I went into a public-house at the corner of Wild-street; Pim and Ewington were there drinking; I never saw them before; Pim offered me a pipe of tobacco; we got into conversation, and he said, "I have been on the spree all night, drinking wine and gin;" Ewington said the same; they said they had no money, and I stood a pint of porter; Pim pulled a saw out of a basket, and asked my wife to pawn it for 1s.; I said I would rather do it myself, and I went and pledged it; I forgot the name he told me, and gave my own and my address, No. 28, Portpool-lane, where I have lived two years and nine months; I gave Pim the ticket and money.

Pim. What Allen has stated is quite true; he is innocent.





JAMES GREEN.
 I produce a certificate of Allen's former conviction—(read—Convicted March, 1843, of housebreaking, and confined one year)—he is the person.
(Clark received a good character.)

CLARK—


GUILTY. Aged 31.

EWINGTON—


GUILTY. Aged 24.






Confined One Year.


ALLEN—


GUILTY.* Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

