




2388. 




JOHN NORMAN
 and 




LOUISA MIDDLETON
 were indicted for

 feloniously assaulting 



James Bunn, on the 
14th of August, putting him in fear and danger of his life, and taking from his person, and against his will, 3 shillings and 3 sixpences, his monies; and immediately before, at the time of, and after the said robbery, feloniously beating, striking, and using other personal violence towards him.






JAMES BUNN
. I live at No. 8, Raven-row, Mile-end Turnpike. On the afternoon of the 14th of August I was crossing up Vinegar-lane, coming home, with my coat over my arm—I saw the prisoner Middleton and another woman—the female with her asked if I would stand some gin—before I had time to speak, Middleton shoved me into the house where they live—I was seized by the throat by Norman, who pushed me down, put his hand to my throat, and grasped it so that I could hardly speak, and took from my right-hand pocket 4s. 6d.—he said if I said a word he would cut my throat—as soon as I got from him I was shoved out into the street on the pavement, and my hat was thrown out after me—my neck was very much scratched.

Norman. Q. Can you positively swear you met me in the passage when you entered the house? A. I was shoved down into the passage by the women—I did not see you till you laid hold of my throat—I did not see you in the passage.

Norman. Nobody could have pushed him; Middleton was in the kitchen, and I ran up stairs when I heard the noise.


Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What are you? A. A newsvender—I was coming home from ray work—there were two women—it is a thoroughfare—I was pushed into the house—I never saw either of the prisoners before—I did not go into any house with a girl—I did not offer any girl any money to go up stairs with roe—I did not go up stairs with one—(looking at Elizabeth Wilson)—I never saw her before, to my knowledge—I will swear I did not see her on that occasion—I did not see her standing at a window that day, nor did I say I would give her sixpence to go up stairs with me—(looking at Jane Conley)—that girl was close by the door—it was not her that pushed me down—I did not go anywhere with her, I swear that—(looking at Martha Brown)—that is the woman who asked me to stand treat—she was by the window—I had had a share of two or three pints of beer that day—I was not the worse for it—I was as sober as I am now.





CHARLES POTTER
 (police-constable K 212.) I accompanied that prosecutor and Pavitt to the prisoners' house in Vinegar-lane—it is a brothel—Middleton keeps it—I went into the back yard, and another constable stood looking over—I got into the garden—I found Norman in the next garden, with this dinner knife—I asked why he raft away—he said he did not know—I took him into custody—the prosecutor charged him with robbing him of three shillings and three sixpences—he said he knew nothing of it, that the man had been up stairs with a young woman, that they had been fighting up there, and broken some of the chairs—I went up stairs—there were no chairs broken—there was a little grace on the wall—I cannot say whether that was fresh done.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not he say he had been scraping potatoes with the knife? A. Yes—2d. was found on him.





GEORGE PAVITT
. I am a policeman. I went with Potter and the prosecutor to the prisoner's house—I went to the Two Markers, in the lane. and found Middleton—she said she would come with me—it was about three o'clock—the prosecutor had been drinking, but was not drunk.

Cross-examined. Q. They said at the time he had been in the house with a girl, and offered sixpence? A. Yes—Middleton said before she saw the man, that the prosecutor had been up is a room with a girl, and offered her sixpence, that she came down to her with the sixpence, and that Middleton told her she bad better go up and get the man down out of the house.

Norman's Defence. I was up stairs, lying down, and he entered the room with Jane Conley; I heard footsteps coming up stairs, but did not see them, and did not meddle with them; after entering the room, he presented sixpence to the female to go with him; she would not comply with his wishes, and he commenced abusing her; when I heard the expressions, I came forward—I stood at the door, and said, "Halloo, shipmate, what is all this?" I entered the room; he immediately got off his chair, struck me, and said, "I will knock your d—black head off;" I said, "That is impossible;" I struck him; he struck me again, and, in my own defence, I collared him, and no doubt scratched him in doing to; after I got him out of the door to the top of the stairs, I said, "Be off, you have no business in the house;" he walked down stairs, and in the passage he met Middleton's son Tom, struck him in the temple, and knocked him down; he walked out at the door; he was not thrown out; I never touched a farthing of his money.





JAMES BUNN

re-examined. I did not go up stairs—I was not on a chair—I did not strike him, nor did I offer a woman sixpence—I was shoved out

into the street—I saw Tom, as they call him, with some people, the other day, when they came and offered me 5l. not to come here—Middleton's mother was with them—the prisoner struck me three or four times in the face, and it was swollen.





ELIZABETH WILSON
. I live next door to Mrs. Middleton. Between one and two o'clock on the day in question I was standing at Mrs. Middleton's window, when the prosecutor came up—he said to me, "I will give you sixpence if you will go in doors with me"—I said, "Young man, you are not aware that I am a married woman"—he said, "Will you take any thing to drink?"—I said, "No, Sir, I thank you, I drink with no mankind but my husband"—I was in the street at the time, standing against Mrs. Middleton's window—Jane Conley was sitting outside on the window ledge—he then offered her sixpence to go in-doors, and he went in to Mrs. Middleton's house with her—Mrs. Middleton was in her own kitchen at the time, providing for her dinner—I could see her from the passage—I afterwards heard a noise, but saw nothing happen—Mrs. Middleton was still down stairs in the kitchen.

COURT. Q. Did you hear the prosecutor offer Conley sixpence? A. Yes, and he told me he had no more than sixpence about him—I walked into the passage after Conley, and the prosecutor went up stairs, and any body can see into the kitchen from the passage—Mrs. Middleton was cutting up some meat—she had a mug of beer, and asked me if I would drink a drop—I thought it no harm to drink with her as a neighbour—I heard a noise up stairs, I did not wait to see the end of it—I did not see Norman—Middleton never came out of the kitchen while I was there—the prosecutor was there, I dare say nearly half-an-hour.





JANE CONLEY
. I live at home with my father. I was sitting on Mrs. Middleton's window-ledge—the prosecutor asked me if I would take any thing to drink—I said, "No; I see you are intoxicated, so I won't"—I walked off the window-ledge, and said no more—he followed me up stairs, and when we got up stairs, he gave a sixpence into my hand—he staid up stairs a quarter of an hour, as near as I can recollect—he sat on the chair a good bit talking to me—he kicked up a terrible piece of work, and knocked the things about—Mrs. Middleton bearing the noise, came up stairs—he made use of very bad language, and offered to strike her, because she ordered him out of the room—Norman, hearing the piece of work, came, in, and went to part them—he up with his fist, and struck Norman three times—Norman never returned it till he was struck three times—he then struck him again.

COURT. Q. What was the quarrel about? A. About the sixpence—I refused to be with him, and then he wanted to strike me, and began knocking the things about—he said he would not go out till he had broken every thing in the house—he did not break any thing, but he would have done it, if they had not come and hindered him.





MARTHA BROWN
. I remember the prosecutor coming to Mrs. Middleton's house, she was sitting in the kitchen, cutting up some meat for dinner—he followed Jane Conley in—I was in the kitchen—I had come in to hang out some things to air—I am servant to Mrs. Middleton—Wilson came in, and drank some beer—I afterwards heard a disturbance, and went up stairs with Mrs. Middleton—we found the prosecutor, Conley, and Norman there—the prosecutor struck Norman three times, and then there was a great scuffling between them—Middleton did not take a farthing

of the prosecutor's money, nor did she hold him down while any was taken from him—she did not push him into the house—she was in the kitchen.

COURT. Q. What became of Wilson? A. She went out directly she had drunk the beer—Mrs. Middleton gave it to her in the kitchen—this is a respectable house, girls and men lodge there—it is a common brothel.





JAMES BUNN

re-examined. I work for my father, and carry out papers—I had 7s. in my waistcoat pocket—Norman only took 4s. 6d. out—I saved the remainder, by pulling my arm up to my pocket—it was all in one pocket—my pocket was torn—I was going home, after having delivered livered ray papers, and this was money I had received—I do not usually go down Vinegar-lane, but I had forgotten a paper at one place, and Vinegar-lane was a near cut for me—the witness Brown is the woman that assisted Middleton in pushing me into the house.





MARTHA BROWN

re-examined. I was not near the door of the house, I was in the kitchen—he asked me How I was—I told him I was quite well, and thanked him—he did not know me—I went into the kitchen for some pins, which I had left on the kitchen-table—I was at the back-yard-door when the prosecutor came in, and asked me How I did—he came in and asked me How I did—he came into the kitchen.

NORMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 41.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

MIDDLETON†—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.—



Confined Three Years.
