



2158. 




JAMES CRABB



, feloniously cutting and wounding 



Joseph Bools, with intent to do him some grievous bodily harm.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH BOOLS
. I live at 11, Cannon-street. On 29th Aug., about eleven

o'clock in the morning, I went to Mr. Williams's, 5, Back-road, St. Georger's, where the prisoner lodges, and asked him if he was satisfied, as he had paid his bill—he said * * * and said I had nothing to do with it—he challenged me to fight—he pulled his jacket off, put it on again, and case and put his fist in my face—we had a round, and then we both sat down—said, "I don't want any more of that"—I considered it was all over-then heard the rushing of his feet, and saw him coming towards me, saying he would; run me through—he made a blow at me—I parried it with my left hand:; and hold of him with my rijjht—I took the hand that had the knife in it—he made a rush, and cut my other hand—it bled much—I got the knife fc-him, and threw it to a party that was standing by—I went to the surjer and after my hand was dressed I gave the prisoner into custody.





WILLIAM HIGGINS
. I work for Mr. Williams. I was present—Boch was sitting down—the prisoner was standing up—he took a knife out of his right-hand pocket, and said, "I will stab you"—he went towards Bools, vis got up—the prisoner made a stab at him towards his breast—they strewn together—I got the knife, and fetched the policeman.





MARK BROWN GARRETT
. I am a surgeon. On 29th Aug. Bools came me with his hand bleeding—it was a long incised wound, between the fee. finger and thumb—it bled very profusely—the arteries are in that situation—it is healing—it was likely to have been produced by a knife.





JOSEPH SMITH
 (policeman, K 336). I took the prisoner—I asked him why he had done it—he said Bools had knocked him down—I said to must come with me—he said, "Very well, I don't mind a month"—thisi the knife.

Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor and I had a few words; I had aksii in my hand; he tried to take it from me, and cut his own hand.




GUILTY
. Aged 38.—


Transported for Seven Years.

