



1747. 



JAMES SCOTCHMORE
, was indicted

 for bigamy.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






LYDIA READER
. I am the sister of Elizabeth Williams. I was present at her marriage with the prisoner, at Christ Church, Middlesex, on 5th May, 1828—she is alive.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. How long was it since you saw the prisoner before this charge? A. I cannot say; I do not think it was as much as a dozen years—my sister is now living in the parish of St. George's, near Stepney, with her son, whom she had by the prisoner—she has been living with William Nash, a mast and blockmaker, about four years—I do not know that she is married to him—she passes as Mrs. Nash, and is so called in the neighbourhood—I call her Mrs. Nash—she is not prosecuting this indictment—his third wife is getting up this case—I do not know that she has got a companion too—I do not know a man named Briggs—my sister is not here, on account of ill-health.






MARY FIELD
. I was married to the prisoner at St. Mark's Church, Clerkenwell, on 23d Feb., 1846.

Cross-examined. Q. Where are you living now? A. With my mother; when I was married I was living with Mrs. Fitch, in Henrietta-street, close by my mother's—Mrs. Fitch was in lodgings—her husband is a cabinet-maker—I lived with her about five weeks—I was living with my mother when the prisoner came to attend my brother as a keeper—I did not live with the prisoner before I married him—I left him in July last, in consequence of his trying to strangle me—I went out alone with my child, three months old, with the intention of drowning myself—I did not go away with a man named Briggs—I had to go out for my life with my child, as he did not turn the key on me then—I have seen Mr. Briggs—I have not been living with him—I had no quarrel with the prisoner about Briggs—before I went away Mr. Briggs had assisted me when I was left without bread in the house, and Mrs. Jersey applied to Mr. Briggs to know if he would lend me money—I thought by writing to my brother I might be able to pay it—in consequence of my getting the money I had some words with the prisoner—he said if I had money from any person it must be through imprudent conduct—I said Mrs. Jervis brought me the money—I took nothing away with me but what I stood up in, and they were the worst of clothes—I had been washing—I had before disposed of a time-piece of my own and a ring—I never touched one of the oil paintings—there are many duplicates in Court of things that have been pledged for my support and my child's—my husband partook of it—part of them I pledged, and part he pledged himself—I pledged none without his permission, and they were bought with my money, my share of household property from my grandfather—I had 350l., which, in consequence of the prisoner's usage, I sold out.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

