




899. 




JOHN SMITH
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
26th of Feb., 1 coat, value 12s.; 1 waistcoat, 15s.; 1 pair of trowsers, 3s.; 1 cape, 4s.; 1 gown, 7s.; and 1 apron, 1s.; the goods of 



Robert William Spencer; and 





MARY NEWLAND



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.; and that they had both been before convicted of felony.






CEILA SPENCER
. I am the wife of Robert William Spencer, and live in Castle-street, Bloomsbury. On Sunday, the 26th of Feb., I came home from church about ten minutes to eight o'clock in the evening—I found some people at the street door, and a policeman among them—I went into the house, and missed the articles stated—they were my husband's property, and were safe before I went out, at about half-past six—one of the things was in the box, the others in the closet—the coat was on the drawers in the back parlour—I have never seen them again.





JOHN WATSON
. I live in Eagle-street, Holborn. On Sunday night, the 26th of Feb., about seven o'clock, I was in Castle-street with William Flanagan and Thomas Roland—I saw Newland at the top of Castle-street we went into a public-house with her, and had something to drink—when we came out we crossed over, and went to the corner of a street to a public-house near the prosecutor's house—Smith and another came from the prosecutor's house, ran across the road, down a little bye street, and called, "Poll," meaning Newland—Newland went over, and Smith gave her a bundle—I could not see what things they were—I had seen him coming with it from the house—when she got the bundle, Smith tried on a coat in the street—it was too little for him—he got it from under his arm—he had brought it from the prosecutor's—they all ran away—I did not go after them—I went over to Mr. Spencer's—I found the street door wide open, and a little door inside the passage open too—I saw Mrs. Spencer come home from church—I gave information to a policeman, and went with him to a beer-shop in St. Giles's—the policeman showed Smith to me, and I told him I thought it was him—he said if I did not go out of the house, looking at him, he would punch my b----y head—I was not quite sure of him, not to swear to him—I am sure now, because I looked at his face so when he came out of the house—I can swear he is the man—he had on a white waistcoat and a Taglioni coat—I did not see him do anything at the police-office—I have not said that I did—I did not say anything about his changing a waistcoat there.

Smith. Q. How can you swear to me? A. Because you had whiskers when I saw you—you have been shaved since—when they brought me to the public-house, I said I thought I knew you.

Newland. Q. Was there another female with me as well? A. Yes—I know the men called you, because you went over to them, received the bundle of things, and went with them.





JOHN ROLAND
. I live in Eagle-street. I was in Castle-street on the Sunday night, with Watson and some others—I saw Smith and another come from Mr. Spencer's with a bundle of clothes—they called out to Newland,

"Here, Poll, catch hold"—she came forward, and caught hold—I don not know what sort of wearing apparel it was—it was either a coat or trowsers—she took it from one of them—I believe it was from Smith—I am sure he is one of the men—I can swear to him—when Newland took it they all ran towards St. Giles's.





GEORGE JOHN RESTIEAUX
. I am a policeman. I apprehanded Newland on Sunday night, the 26th of Feb., in Church-street, St. Giles's—I told her what it was for—she said three men came to her in Castle-street, at the corner, and gave her the things, that she gave them to them again, and they went away—she said they were strangers to her—I asked her if Jack Smith was one of them—she said, "Do you mean the chap that lives with Tommy Roundhead?"—I said, "Yes"—she said no, he was not—I took her to the station—after the charge was entered, she said, "Why don't you go and apprehend the men?"—I said, "I would if I knew them—I do not know them" the male prisoner was not there then—the two prisoners both lived in one house at that time, No. 10, Church-street, St. Giles's—I went and searched both their rooms.

Smith. I had only lived there three days—had I whiskers on at the time? Witness. No; I have known him some years—I never saw him with whiskers.





GEORGE BOARDMAN
 (police-constable E 16.) I apprehended Smith at No. 10, Church-street, St. Giles's, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning—he was in bed—he got up and put on this white waistcoat first—a young man in the room said, "You don't look well in a light waistcoat; you had better take that off;" which he did, and put on the one he has on now—I had told him what I wanted him for before he dressed.





WILLIAM FLANAGAN
. I was out with the other boys on this night—I saw Smith and another come from No. 6, Castle-street, Bloomsbury—Newland was along with us at the time—I heard them call to her, "Come here, Poll"—Smith put a bundle into her apron, and kept the coat out.

Smith. Q. Why did you not swear to me when you saw me on the Sunday night? A. I am sure you are the man, but there were so many in the public-house I did not look at you—the robbery was done in the white waistcoat.

Newland. Q. I met you about seven o'clock, and remained with you till about eight, did I not? A. Yes.

Newland's Defence. Two men coming by called me over; at least I did not know whether it was me or the other female that they called—they had been fighting—I held the coat, and then I gave it back.

Smith's Defence. I was in a public house sitting down—the policeman brought Flanagan in to me and asked if he knew me—he said, "No, that is not him'—he said, "Do you think it is him"—he said, "Yes"—he said, "Be sure"—he then said, "I would not swear to him"—he brought another boy in and said, "Is that him?"—he said, "I think that is him, it looks much like him"—I had on the light waistcoat at the time, and the boy would not swear to me—I did not go away, but was about where I live till Wednesday morning, when they came and took me for this robbery—I know nothing about it—I was in the public-house from half-past six o'clock that Sunday night till about half-past eight or nine, when the policeman came in and saw me.





JOHN EATON
 (police-constable S 193.) I produce a certificate of Smith's former conviction from the clerk of the peace's office at Clerkenwell-green (read)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.

Smith. He was not there at all. Witness. I was—Mr. Sergeant Adams tried him.






CHARLES DAVIS
 (police-constable C 29.) I produce a certificate of Newland's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office (read)—I was present at the trial—she is the person.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

NEWLAND—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.





Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Recorder.

