



2058. 




GEORGE MASKELL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of Oct., 2 pairs of boots, value 4s. 6d.; the goods of 



Sarah Cordwell; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






SAMUEL CRESSINGHAM
. I am in the service of Sarah Cord well, a pawn-broker, in Exmouth-street, Clerkenwell. About half-past nine o'clock, on the morning of the 4th of Oct., I received information from a boy outside the shop, in consequence of which I looked and missed two pairs of boots from a stall in front of the shop—I saw the prisoner with the boots in his possession, about fifty yards off, running down a street—I ran after him, and saw him throw them over the garden-wall of a house in Wilmington-square—he was stopped by Mr. Miller—when I came up, he said "I have not been doing anything"—I went to the front door of the house in the square, and the servant gave me the boots—these are them—I had seen them safe two minutes before.





JOSEPH MILLER
. I live in Bagnigge-wells-road. On the morning of 4th of Oct., I met the prisoner with some boots or shoes under his arm—he passed me—immediately after, I heard a cry of "Stop thief!"—I turned

round, and the boots were gone—I pursued, overtook him, and gave him into custody of the police.

Prisoner. I was never near the place, and do not know where it is now; I was coming towards them; if I had been guilty, I should have gone away. Witness. He was running away from the shop—I pursued him 150 yards.





WILLIAM COTTON
 (policeman.) I took the prisoner—I produce the boots.

Prisoner's Defence. I never had them; I should like the boy who saw them taken examined.





SAMUEL CRESSINGHAM

re-examined. A boy passing pointed out the prisoner to me as having stolen the boots.





WILLIAM EDWARD BALL
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, at this Court—(read—Convicted of larceny, and confined six months)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

