



1310. 




SOPHIA WILSON, alias
 Elizabeth Anstress

, was indicted

 for feloniously and knowingly uttering a counterfeit sixpence; she having been previously convicted of a like offence.


MESSRS. ELLIS
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am Assistant-Solicitor to her Majesty's Mint. I produce an examined copy of the record of the conviction of Sophia Wilson, for uttering counterfeit silver, at the Middlesex Sessions, in August, 1834—I have examined it with the original record in the office of the Clerk of the Peace—(read.)





THOMAS SMITH
. I am a policeman. In August, 1834, I was present at the trial of Sophia Wilson, at the Middlesex Sessions—the prisoner is that person.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Were you a witness on her trial? A. Yes—I am quite sure of her person.





HANNAH SANDRY ROBINSON
. I am the wife of William Robinson, butcher, of Brook-street, Ratcliffe. On Monday, the 26th of April, at half-past six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to our shop for half a pound of beef steak, which came to 4 1/2 d.—I served her—she gave me a bad sixpence—I saw directly that it was bad, and went back to show it to our man—I did not part with it out of my sight—I god where she got it, and told her it was bad—she made no answer—she gave me a good shilling—I gave her change—she left the sixpence in my possession—Philip Butcher, our man, went in pursuit of her, and in three-quarters of an hour she was taken into custody, and King came for the sixpence.

Cross-examined. Q. Who did you show the sixpence to at the back of the shop? A. Robert Wright—he is not here—I never lost sight of it—I gave it into Butcher's hand in the kitchen—Wright was in the slaughter-house—I am sure the prisoner is the person—I have seen her many times

at our shop—I marked the sixpence with a round O in the middle, with a knife.





PHILIP BUTCHER
. I am servant to Mr. Robinson. On the 26th of April I was in the kitchen—I went into the shop while the prisoner was there—she walked out, and I looked after her—she went into the public-house next door, and came out in about three minutes—I watched her into Fisher's—that was a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes after she had been to our shop—I went to Fisher, said something to him, and went for King, a constable—I marked the sixpence in his presence, at master's shop.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen it before you marked it? A. Yes—I had it in my hand, and gave it back to mistress—the prisoner was not in the shop then—I was in the kitchen—I marked it after I returned from watching the prisoner.





WILLIAM SOUNDY
. I am in the employ of Mr. Fisher, cheesemonger, in Union-terrace, Commercial-road. On the 26th of April, about six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came for a quarter of a pound of cheese, and gave me a bad sixpence—my master was standing outside the door—I did not know Butcher had spoken to him—I told her it was bad—she made no reply, but gave me a good sixpence—the bad one was on the counter—my master came inside, looked at it, returned it to me, and desired her to be detained—she wished master to go to her lodging with her, but would not give her address—she seemed anxious to get out of the shop—in the mean time King came and took her—I gave the sixpence to Squire.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not yon lose sight of the sixpence from the time she put it down till you gave it to the officer? A. Not at all—I put it in one corner of the till, and took it out again in half a minute, and saw it was bad—I am sure it was the same, for there was not another sixpence exactly near it—there were four or five in the till—I put a cross on the head after I took it out—there was very little silver in the till.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you drop it through a hole in the counter, or pull the till out? A. I pulled the till out—I took the sixpence out again before I shut it—I had let go of it, and immediately discovered that it was bad—I am certain it is the same sixpence as I took from her.





THOMAS SQUIRE
. I am a policeman. I was on duty, and went with King to Fisher's shop, and took the prisoner for attempting to pass a had sixpence—she wanted Butcher to go home with her—I received a bad sixpence from Soundy, and have kept it ever since.





CHARLES KING
. I am a policeman. I produce a sixpence which I got from Butcher, in his mistress's presence—it was marked—I have bad it ever since—I took the prisoner—she had a basket containing a piece of pork about 2lbs., about 1 1/2 lb. of bacon, about 1lb. of mutton, on the top of the basket about 1/4 lb. of butter, and a 1/4 lb. or 1/2 lb. of beef steak; a parcel of tea, and another of coffee; 2s. 3 1/2 d., all in copper, and a bad sixpence among the halfpence.





PHILIP BUTCHER

re-examined. Here is the round "O" which I marked on the sixpence.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of counterfeit coin to her Majesty's Mint, and have been so above twenty years. These three sixpences are all counterfeit, and all three produced from the same mould.




GUILTY
.*** Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
