




1625. 




WILLIAM BYNON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
7th of April, 32 yards of satinette, value 2l.; 52 yards of silk, value 5l. 10s.;12 yards of mouselin-de-laine, value 1l.; 29 handkerchiefs, value 3l.; 4 shawls, value 4l.; 8 yards of ribbon, value 11s.; 4 pocket-books, value 10s.; 1 bottle and case, value 5s.; 2 match-boxes, value 1s.; 1 brooch, value 2s.; 1 knife, value 9d.; 1 nail-file, value 9d.; 1 pair of tweezers, value 6d.; 1 wafer-stamp, value 6d.; and 4 sticks of sealing-wax, value 6d.; the goods of 



John Alexander Smith and another, his masters; and 



ELIZABETH EVANS
,

 for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c; to which



BYNON pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.





JOHN ALEXANDER SMITH
. I live in Oxford-street, and am a linendraper, in partnership with another person—Bynon was our shopman for about six weeks—he confessed he had robbed us, and I gave him in charge—the articles here are ours.





WILLIAM PRESTON
. I am shopman to the prosecutors. On the 7th of April I got a policeman, and went to Stangate-street, Lambeth—I found Evans there—she was lodging at the house, and Bynon occasionally went over there—he lived with her as his wife—we asked to search the boxes and drawers—we opened a drawer, and found part of a silk dress unmade—the did not refuse to let us search—there was a pocket-book in the drawer, and Mr. Monteith, the other partner, identified the shawl and bonnet she had on—she said that was all she had—Mr. Monteith said, "That is my property"—she said they had been his property, and Bynon had given them to her—that was all she knew of that she had on—nothing else occurred while we were there—we took her to the station.





SUSANNAH STAPLETON
. I am the wife of James Stapleton, a cook. I keep this house in Stangate-street—the prisoners had lodged there four months—they went by the name of Bynon—they cohabited as man and wife—I thought they were so.





RICHARD GLOAG
 (police-constable L 13.) On Mr. Monteith's arrival at the house, he asked Evans if she knew any one of the name of Bynon—she said yes—he asked if Bynon had given her a silk dress—she said he had given her one about a week before—she went to the drawers, and took out part of one unmade—he asked if she had any objection to let him look into her other drawers—she said, "No"—he found a pocket-book, which he claimed—a brooch fell from her bosom—she said that Bynon gave her the dress, but she did not say so with respect to the pocket-book—we found a mouselin-de-laine dress, some silk, and a bonnet.





GEORGE THORNTON
 (police-constable D 109.) After I had received Bynon into custody I went and searched Evans's room—in a box, with Bynon's name on it, I found the duplicates of a great deal of property— When at the police office, Evans had a shawl and bonnet on which the prosecutor claimed—she had before said that Bynon gave them to her—I found a letter directed to Evans signed by Bynon.





JOHN ARCHBUTT
. I am a pawnbroker. I have six handkerchiefs, and five cambric handkerchiefs—I do not know who pawned them—I have some silk and a shawl, pawned by Evans, in the name of Elizabeth Bynon—she said they were her own.





EDWARD TURNER
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce two pieces of silk and six handkerchiefs, pawned by Evans in the name of Evans.

Evans's Defence. I have been acquainted with Bynon about twelve

months—he gave me the property, and represented he was to pay for it out of his salary.

EVANS—


NOT GUILTY
.
(There were two other indictments against Bynon.)
