




1422. 




MICHAEL SCOLLARD
 and 




JOHN JONES
 were indicted for

stealing 3 half-crowns, 20 shillings, and 5 sixpences, the monies of 



Richard James, and that they had both been before convicted of felony.






AMELIA GRANT
. I am in the service of Mr. Richard James, who did keep the Alfred's Head in the London-road. On the morning of the 30th of April, between seven and eight o'clock, I was sweeping inside the bar—I heard a noise, and on looking round I saw Scollard lying across the counter in the bar, reaching towards a sideboard, on which was some silver—(I had seen him before)—he had got his hand on the money on the side board—there were three or four piles of silver to give change of a sovereiga, in half-crowns, shillings, and sixpences—Jones, who was a stranger to me, was holding Scollard by the leg—Scollard let his cap fall off while he was reaching—I saw him take the money—I called out, "Stop thief"—I caught Scollard by the leg and Jones by the collar—Scollard gave a kick with his leg and got away—I still held Jones—Scollard was brought back by the barman in about three minutes—I then left Jones with the barman, and I went up stairs to cull Mr. James—I did not count the money that was on the sideboard, but I missed three half-crowns, and a good many shillings and sixpences—the barman gave me the money, and I put it on the sideboard.

Jones. Q. When you went up stairs, do you not suppose if I had been guilty I would have got away? A. No, the barman had you—Scollard laid on his side, and you were holding his ancle to prevent his falling over—his legs were on the counter, but his body was over the counter.





JOHN PAYNE
. I was barman to Mr. James. On the 30th of April, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, I was just inside the door—I heard aery of "Stop thief"—I ran out at that door, and Scollard ran out at the other—I pursued him about 100 yards, and collared him—he gave me about 30s. and said, "Here is the money, let me go"—I took him back to the Alfred's Head, and saw Grant holding Jones—I gave the silver into Grant's hand, and told her to call Mr. James—while she was gone one of the prisoners tripped me up and they ran off—I pursued, and took Scollard in Market-street.





JOHN MENHINS✗
. I am a police-constable—Scollard was given into

my custody that morning, and Jones was given to me shortly afterwards—Scollard was very violent in taking him to the station—he kicked and bit every one near him.

Scollard's Defence. I had been out of employ, and having met with some old shopmates I drank with them and became very much intoxicated; after parting with them I went in the public-home and saw the money which was in any person's reach, and being in great distress I took it, which I shall for ever regret—I declare I have not any recollection of seeing my companion, and was not aware of any person being in custody with me, till I had been asleep in the station-house for five or six hours.





JAMES BROOK
 (police-constable L 118.) I produce a certificate of Jones's conviction, by the name of 


John Thomas—(read—Convicted 5th Jan., 1844, and confined six months)—the prisoner is the man.

Jones. He says falsely; he came to the prison, and the governor said he had had no such person. Witness. I am certain he is the person—I knew him by the name of Richardson—that was not his name—when I referred to the book at home I found what the name was—I knew him before.





ROBERT STURGEON
 (police-sergeant M 4.) I produce a certificate of Scollard's former conviction—(read—Convicted 30th July, 1844, and confined two months)—I was present at the trial—he is the same person, I am sure.

SCOLLARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.

JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.





Transported for Seven Years.

