



793. 




DANIEL IVES
 was indicted

 for embezzlement.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






RICHARD JOHN ROWAN
. I am clerk to Messrs. Arrowsmiths, upholsterers, of New Bond-street. On the 3rd of August the prisoner called, and I paid him 6l. 12s. on account of his master, Mr. Whittingham—he wrote a receipt for it in my presence.





ROBINSON JACKSON
. I am an upholsterer, and live in New Bond-street. On the 10th of August I paid the prisoner 11l. 6s. on account of Mr. Whittingham—he gave me a memorandum for it—on the 9th of November he came again, and I paid him by a cheque 6l. 11s. 6d. for his master.





JOSEPH WHITTINGHAM
. I am a lace and fringe manufacturer, and live in West-street, Long-acre. The prisoner was in my service nearly two years—it was his duty to collect money and pay it to me—he has not accounted to me for either of the sums mentioned by the two witnesses—he never gave any account of them till I found he had received them, which was in consequence of information I received by a letter in January.

COURT. Q. What was his mode of accounting to you? A. As soon as he came home, if it was in the middle of the day—I had never spoken to him about either of these sums, except about two months before January I told him to go to Bailey and Jackson's, and he said it would be more to my advantage to let the account go a twelvemonth, than pushing it at a short time, as they were beginners.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. How long have you been in business? A. About eleven or twelve years—the prisoner had been in my employ nearly two years—he has not been the means of adding to my business, quite different—I had commenced another branch of business before he came to me, but I had him to superintend that business—I had thirty or forty persons in my employ—none of them were in a superior situation to the prisoner—he was the head of the fringe department—he had the giving out orders—my wife is not here—she had a subpoena from the prisoner to attend here last Sessions, but she was unable to attend, and the trial was put off—she has not had a subpoena this Sessions—she is not well—I expect she will be confined before I get home—she was up when I came out, and down stairs—I came out about nine o'clock—she had break-fasted in bed, and came down afterwards—it was the prisoner's duty, on all occasions, to account to me, unless, by chance, he might give it to Mrs. Whittingham—he has at times given money to her—I have not complained of his doing so—I considered him justified in doing it—I went into Yorkshire on the 7th or 8th of August last—I had thirty or forty persons in my

employ at that time—they all received wages on Saturday night—I said I might be gone a fortnight, but I was gone nearly three weeks—during the time I was gone no one received any accounts from my customers but the prisoner, and it was his duty to account to Mrs. Whittingbam—my servants received about 20l. a week wages—I had left funds for the payment of wages in Mrs. Whittingham's hands—I think I left about 100l. in her hands for wages, and for payment of a bill of about 22l.—I do not recollect any thing else that was to be paid—it was the prisoner's place, as well as mine, to keep the books, and especially during the last year, on account of my illness—I was a good deal confined to my bed, and during that time my wife acted more than usual—I did keep the books during the year—when money is paid I bring it into another column in my ledger, and in the day-book I put "paid" to it, to save me from entering it in the ledger, when there is no running account—I have not omitted to put "paid" or "settled" to an account for three months—perhaps when I have been in bed I have entered it in a memorandum-book—I remember there was a running account in the name of Piggott, but I am not aware of any mistake about that—I entered that account in the cash-book—MR. Jackson's was a running account—I had a conversation with the prisoner about that account.

MR. DOANE. Q. Were you in Yorkshire on the 3rd of August, or the 9th of November? A. No—after I had ascertained about these sums, I said to the prisoner, "I want those two sums you received of Messrs. Jackson"—he said, "I have been going to speak to you about them"—I said, "I want the money"—he said, "I will pay you 10s. a week"—I said, "Nothing will do but the money," and I walked out of the shop—he did not say he had paid it, he said he would pay it—MR. Wynsall was present.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you keep a cash-book till this year? A. Not a regular cash-book—I kept a memorandum-book, in which I used to enter things till I entered them in my ledger—I have not my memorandum-book here, but my cash-book and my ledger—the prisoner ought to have entered these sums in the ledger, and he has not.





JOSEPH WYNSALL
. I was present when the prisoner said he would pay 10s. a week—I heard the whole of the conversation—the two sums of money received from Bayley and Jackson were what the prosecutor asked for—the other accounts were not known of then.
(George Phipps, a silk and worsted dealer, of St. Martin's-lane; Joseph Lee, of Newgate-street; Joseph Hoby, a fringe-manufacturer, of Skinner-street; John Stanton, of Great Charles-street; and William Grammott, a silk-manufacturer, of Weymouth, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
