



554. 




JOHN ROBINSON
 was indicted

 for stealing 2 spoons, value 1l., the goods of 



Edwin John Quickett, and that he had been before convicted of felony






MARY ANN MILLETT
. I am single, and live in the family of Dr. Edwin John Quickett, of Wellclose-square—these two silver spoon are his property—I know them by his crest on them—on the 23rd of January, about twenty minutes to eight in the morning, I saw the prisoner on the kitchen stairs—I am sure it was he—he said he came to look at gas—the house is lighted with gas—he was taken into the front kitchen by the cooks—she is not here—I did not see him go into the kitchen—I was in the dinning room at the time, but I saw him on the kitchen stairs coming up—he had been down—he said he wanted to go into the dinning room, to look at the gas—I went with him into the dinning room, and he lighted the burners of the chandelier—he then followed me down into the kitchen and asked me for the steps, which I gave him—he then went up into the dinning room with me—said "Good bye," and went away—the back kitchen—is opposite the front kitchen, they are separated by a little narrow passage; the doors were open—the salt-spoons were in a little cupboard in the back kitchen—I had seen them there the night before—I missed them about half past four o'clock in the afternoon, after the prisoner had gone—I saw them afterwards at the station—the prisoner said he came from Messrs. Platow, they are gas-fitters





JOSEPH WAYMAN
 (policemen G 147.) On Saturday evening about half past nine o'clock, I was called to the shop of Mr. Russell, a pawnbroker, and found two salt spoons on the counter—Mr. Russell said in the prisoner's presence that he did not know weather the prisoner came honestly by them—the prisoner said he bought them six months ago, in Long Acre—I took possession of them, and took him to the station—I made inquiry, and on the 25th went to Dr. Quickett's—the girl saw the spoons and identified them—they were the spoons which I produce.






JOHN WILSON
. I am under foreman to Mr. Platow, a gas-fitter, in Holborn. I know the prisoner by the name of Robert Bircham—he was in Messrs. Platow's employment, and left on the 1st of January—he had no authority from Messrs. Platow to look after the gas, after he left.

Prisoner. Q. During the time I was in the employ did not I lose a pair of pliers? A. Yes—you had leave to go to one house where you said you had left them, Mr. Simons' in Holborn, to look for them, and then you were to have 2s. which I had stopped for them.





HENRY MATTEWS
 (policeman 10 F.) I produced a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction.—(read—Convicted April 1845, in the name of Joseph Bennett, and confined four months)—he is the man—I saw him found guilty.
(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

