



33. 



HENRY HITCHCOCK
alias
 Barrattt alias
 Jones

, was indicted

 for feloniously forging and uttering a certain transfer in the Three-and-a-half percent Annuities, standing in the names of 



George Edwards, and 



Sarah, his wife, with intent to defraud the 

Governor and Company of the Bank of England.—Other COUNTS, varying the manner of stating the charge.


MR. CLARKSON
with
SIR JOHN BAILEY
conducted the Prosecution.
ABEL CLIFTON. I am one of the principal clerks in the Long Annuity Transfer-office at the Bank of England. I produce the ledger and transfer-book, in which is an entry of stock standing in the name of George Edwards, and Sarah, his wife—(reads, "George Edwards, and Sarah, his wife, of Ebury-street, Pimlico, 3l. 10s. per annum")—that was standing in those names on the 5th of Jan., 1842—it is stock which is transferable at the Bank of England—this is the entry in the transfer-book—(read, "I, George Edwards, of Ebury-street, Pimlico, gentleman, this 5th day of Jan., 1842, do assign and transfer 3l. 10s., standing in the name of myself, and Sarah, my wife, being all our joint interest in the said stock, &c, to Clement Smith, of the Stock Exchange, his executors, &c.—Witness my name—GEORGE EDWARDS—Witness to the identity of George Edwards, Thomas Compton")—these initials, S. S. L., in the book, were placed there after the transfer was made.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Here is 1660 and 853, that is put after it is done, is it not? A. It is entered at the time—it is merely a reference to the ledger, and no part of the transfer—the figures are put at

the time of the transfer—the Initials are put afterwards—the transfer is entered before he signs it—this 2276 was entered afterwards—it is generally done after the transfer is signed—this, "Entered by A. Clifton," is done before he signs it—all is done previous to the signature, except the No. 2276, and the initials—"S. S. Lowe," is the attestation, and is written by the witness to the execution immediately after he signs it—here is a form for accepting the stock at the bottom—that is for the person purchasing the stock to sign it or not as he pleases—brokers do not sign it.





SIR JOHN BAILEY
. Q. Is Clement Smith the purchaser of that stock, a stock-broker? A. He is a stock-jobber—the stock was transferred to Edwards and his wife on the 6th of April, 1840—it was purchased in their names that day.





SAMUEL STEPHENSON LOW
. On the 5th of Jan., 1842, I was clerk in the Long Annuity Transfer-office—I am the attesting witness to the signature of George Edwards in this transfer—I witness a great many transfers, and hate no recollection of the party making the transfer.





GEORGE EDWARDS
. I am a retired coachman—I have lived in Ebury-street, Pimlico, six years and a half—I am married—my wife's maiden name was Sarah Swift—we were married in 1883—after we were married my wife lived in the service of Mr. Handley, of Newark—before that she lived with a gentleman named Mowbert—she left there five years ago or more, but I am no scholar—at that time I was living in Ebury-street—between her leaving Mr. Mowbert's and going to Mr. Handley's, she came to my lodging in Ebury-street, and went from me to Mr. Handley's—at that time I had a gold watch and other things—I had saved a little money, and she had saved some too—I let her have my watch, money, and other things—I left her to do as she liked with them—I had some money in the long annuities—I always gave my savings to my wife to take care of—she is alive—I have not had a letter from her for three years—her Christian name is Sarah—the money that I gave her in 1840 she put into the bank before she went into the country—I left it to her where she was to put it—she said she would go and put it into the bank—I left it to her to dispose of as she thought beat—I remember her coming home when she had been out for the purpose—she showed me a paper, and put it into a box—I cannot say what year it was in, as I am no scholar—I did not accompany her to the bank, or any where—this" George Edwards" in the bank book is not my writing—I did not authorize anybody to sign my name to any transfer or sale of the stock—I never gave the prisoner or my wife or anybody authority to sell it—I did not know it had been sold till I had a communication from my daughter lately—this letter (looking at letter A.) is not my writing, nor any part of it—I did not authorize anybody to make a demand on the bank to sell this money without the attendance of my wife, or authorize my wife to send the prisoner or anybody else to do it—I never saw the prisoner to my knowledge till I saw him in custody—until these proceedings were instituted I did not know that my wife had left Mr. Handley's service—this letter (looking at one) is from my wife, I received it by post, I do not know when—I cannot read, but it is her writing, to the best of my knowledge—in consequence of something that I heard I came up to London—I have not seen my watch since; I first heard something about it about September last—I knew nothing about the stock being transferred until I made inquiry about my watch.

Cross-examined. Q. You cannot write I understand? A. I can write my name, but not such writing as this—I can write nothing but my name—I can read my name when it is written—I can read my wife's letters if they are very plain—when she did not write plain I did not attempt to make

them out—I got a friend to read them for me—all the letters I received were generally read by some other person—this money was not almost all my wife's savings—she had a little, but not a great deal—she had my money as well—I never kept an account of the money—I was always giving her money, but never asked what she had about her, and knew nothing about it—she always took the money of me—we lived on very good terms—I lived with her four years regularly, two years at Leamington just after we were married—she then went out cooking, and came to me at night—after that we came to London, and lived there together for two years—we were always on very good terms—I last heard from her three years ago, at Newark—I have had a letter from her since—she said she had left Mr. Handley, and went abroad—I saw her at Newark for three days—it must be more than half a year since I had seen her before that—I am now living at Coventry—I have lived there five years next Christmas—I left Ebury-street five years ago next Christmas—I lived there for six years and a half before that—I never went to the bank—I let my wife have the money to put in the bank, with whatever little she had of her own, the same as I had trusted my former wife—I gave it to her to put into the bank—I am quite sure of that—she said she was going to put the money into the bank, and I said put it all together—I did not tell her to take care of it in any way she liked, but to put it in the bank—I don't know the amount of it—she has had 15l. and 10l. at a time—she had no money of her own in the bank at that time—what is hers is mine, and what is mine is hers—I don't think she had any money of her own in the bank before she put this in—I don't know that she had any money at all when we married—I had a little annuity coming to me, and when I got it I always gave it her—I generally paid her 2l. at a time, just as I got it—I gave her 10l. and 15l. at two different times.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were you living in Ebury-street, Pimlico, when you had the conversation with her about going to the bank? A. Yes, I left Ebury-street to go and live at Coventry five years ago next Christmas—we went into business after we married, but she did not like it—she then went into service—she went out to cook for a month or two, and did not go into regular service till we came to London, which was two years after we married—there was no quarrel between us—we were the best of friends—when I gave her the money to put in the bank I did not give her authority to sell it out without my knowledge.





THOMAS CROMPTON
. I am a stock-broker, and in January, 1842, carried on business in Lothbury. Mr. Alfred Bailey, a stock-broker, had an office on the same floor—I was in the habit of transacting business for him in his absence—I have acted for him many times—In Jan. 1842, his clerk Godin applied to me and I went into Mr. Bailey's room, where I found a person who I understood to be Mr. Edwards—I cannot be certain, but I fancy the prisoner to be the same person—I believe him to be so, but it is a long time ago—I cannot speak positively—I never saw him before or since till this evening—he wanted to sell 3l. 10s. long annuities by the request of his wife, as the stock stood in their joint names—this paper (A.) was produced to me—I said that was not sufficient authority to do the business without the wife, it was out of the usual course to sell stock standing in the name of the wife—both are required by the bank to be present, or a power of attorney procured—I stated that to the person—the man said he had come from the country expressly for the purpose, and brought this, which he conceived sufficient authority to enable him to sell the stock without the presence of his wife, it was not convenient for her to come, and he thought the authority sufficient—I said it could not be done, and if there was any

urgency about it he had better make application elsewhere—I believe I took him with me to Mr. Smee, the chief accountant at the Bank, to know if this was sufficient authority, but I may have gone alone—I saw Mr. Smee, who said, "Let him write a request to make the transfer without his wife"—the person attended at the Bank and wrote this request himself on the back of the paper (A)—I attended at the Bank the same day, and sold the stock on account of the person who wrote that request—(looking at the transfer) I identified the person making this transfer as George Edwards—I took him to be George Edwards on the representation of the young man, Mr. Bailey's clerk, who was under age, and the Bank would not allow him to identify—I presumed the young man knew him—the stock was sold to Clement Smith, stock-broker and jobber—I received the purchase-money from him, which I believe was 43l. 15s., and which I paid the person I identified, and who I understood to be George Edwards—I gave Bailey the commission and rendered him an account of it.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you have some doubt of the identity of the prisoner? A. It is so long ago, and not having seen him before, I cannot say he is the man—to the best of my recollection he is—it was a person resembling the prisoner—I really think it was him—the transaction did not occupy two hours—he might have been away an hour of that time—there is no doubt on my mind, as far as I recollect, that the prisoner is the person—I was shown the real George Edwards, and was quite certain he was not the person I identified—I can almost fancy I have seen Edwards before—I am in the habit of seeing a great many people—it is impossible to recollect—it is difficult to distinguish on what particular occasion I have seen a particular person.





SIR JOHN BAILEY
. Q. Do you recollect going to the Compter in Sept. or Oct. last? A. Yes—I was shown eight or nine persons all together—I pointed out the prisoner from among them.





CARLTON ANTHONY GODIN
. I am a private in the 31st regiment of foot, and have been so seventeen weeks. I was formerly clerk to Mr. Bailey, a stock-broker, of Lothbury, for two years and two months—I am twenty years old—I was in Mr. Bailey's employ in Jan. 1842—he is occasionally out of town—Mr. Crompton was in the same business, and lived on the same floor as Mr. Bailey—when Mr. Bailey was out of town Mr. Bullock transacted the business, and when both were out of town Mr. Crompton acted for him—I remember a person coming in Jan., 1842, to effect a transfer of some stock—to the best of my belief the prisoner is the man—he came to the office when I was there by myself, and said he wanted to know whether he could sell some stock without bringing his wife there—that is a very Unusual occurrence when stock stands in the name of man and wife—he produced this note, purporting to be from his wife—I am not aware that he told me what the stock was—I read the paper myself—I cannot tell whether he produced a stock receipt—I do not know that he told me why his wife was absent—I fetched Mr. Crompton, who came into Mr. Bailey's room—this paper was lying on the table—I am sure this is the paper—I believe I looked at it while he was conversing with Mr. Crompton—he told Mr. Crompton he came from the country, and was rather urgent about having the stock sold—he said his wife: could not come from the country, either from indisposition or being in employment, I am not certain which—he showed the paper to Mr. Crompton—I relieve Mr. Crompton said he did not think it could be allowed without laving a power of attorney to do it—at the same time, Mr. Crompton said he would take him over to Mr. Smee, the chief accountant—he took him there—I did not go with them—they may have been absent half an hour—I do not think they returned together—the same person came back again to stay till it

was finished—it is necessary for the stock-broker to go to different places to sell the stock, and in the mean time the man remained at the office with me—I do not suppose he was there more than three-quarters of an hour after that—Mr. Crompton returned before the three-quarters of an hour—they went over to the Bank together to finish the transaction, but not directly—I do not recollect that they returned after they came from the Bank—I had an opportunity of seeing the man for three-quarters of an hour—the transaction was very peculiar, which induced me to take notice of it—I noticed the paper—I noticed the man coming, and I thought a great deal of it altogether, on account of its being unusual—I did not see the prisoner again till last Thursday week, in custody in Newgate—I instantly recognised him—he was shown to me among others—I had a recollection of him before he was shown to me—there was a curious look about his eyes that I noticed, and I recollected his having whiskers, and he was rather a tall man by the side of me—the prisoner is dressed differently now, but, looking at his features, I have no doubt in my own mind of his being the man—I have no particular doubt, but I will not swear as if I had seen him a week ago, but, on my oath, I do believe him to be the person.

Cross-examined. Q. He is dressed differently now? A. Yes—he did not seem dressed quite so respectably as he is now—I have no particular doubt of his being the man, but will not swear to him as if it had only happened a week ago—I believe it to be him.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you gone into the army in consequence of misconduct, or was it your own inclination? A. It was my own inclination—I always wished it.





CHARLOTTE ARNOLD
. I am the wife of Robert Arnold, a cabinet-maker, at Newark. I know the prisoner—I was acquainted with him first about five years ago, for about a year and a half—I knew him by the name of Henry Barratt—I have seen him write many times—the name George Edwards in this transfer is very much like his writing—this request to the chief accounttant is in his writing, and the whole of this note (A), except the signature, is very much like his writing, but I am positive the other side is—(this was the request to act, both being on the same paper.)

Cross-examined. Q. Which do you say is not his writing? A. The signature to the letter, and this, "Allowed by the deputy-governor, W. Smee"—I say both the papers are his writing—I said this side was like his writing—it is his writing, but he was agitated when he wrote it, I can see that—I have not a doubt about this part—on the other side, all except "Allowed," &c, is his writing.

COURT. Q. What opportunities had you of seeing him write? A., I lived in the same service with him very nearly a year and a half, and knew him a year besides that.





JAMBS HUNTER
. I live in Bloomsbury-street—in 1828 I, with others, set on foot a society called the Royal Standard Benefit Society—in Nov., 1835, the prisoner joined the society in the name of Henry Hitchcock Barratt, and continued a member till Jan. 1842, when he was excluded for non-payment—while he was a member I had communications from him, and have seen him write on other matters not connected with the benefit society—I believe this letter(A), except the signature "S. Edwards," to be his writing—this demand to act on the other side of the paper decidedly is—it is still more apparent—the signature, and the whole of it except the memorandum at the bottom, is his.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you ever seen him write? A. Not often—I have no doubt of its being his—I have had communications from him some times, and acted on them—I have seen him write in connection with a loan

society, of which he is unfortunately a borrower—I will not positively swear it is his writing, but I believe it is his decidedly—I have no doubt of it whatever.

MR. CLARKSON. Look at the signature, "George Edwards" in the transfer-book? A. I believe it to be his writing.





SAMUEL COULDREY
. I am a gold-beater, and live in Eccleston-street—I know George Edwards and his wife—I have known Mrs. Edwards for the last twenty years—her maiden name was Sarah Swift—I have known Edwards since he has been married, which was in 1840—my father is a builder—I remember Mrs. Edwards coming to my father in the spring of 1840—I do not recollect what month it was—I believe my father went somewhere with her—I knew her when she was cook to Mr. Handley—she went there as cook, it may be a week or a month after she came to my father—I was then living at Eccleston-street East, Pimlico—in Jan. 1842, the prisoner called on my father—he told me he was butler to Mr. Handley, of Newark, and had come to bring Mrs. Edwards' compliments to Mr. Couldrey, my father—my father is laid up, and has lost his sight—the last time I saw Mrs. Edwards was on the apprehendsion of the prisoner on the 19th of Sept., at Greenwich—the prisoner was with her—they represented themselves then to be Mr. and Mrs. Jones—the prisoner gave his name Joseph Jones—in April, 1845, I saw Mrs. Edwards, went with her to the bank, and took her to Mr. Peppercorn, a stock-broker, to purchase some stock—in consequence of what passed between us, Mrs. Edwards gave a description of a person to the Bank porter, in my presence, in consequence of which I went to Mr. Bailey's office, in Lothbury—I communicated what I heard there to Mrs. Edwards, and she immediately left the neighbourhood—she left on the Monday following, to go to Newark—I saw her off by the train—on the 4th or 5th of Aug. this year I saw her again at my house—the prisoner came with her—it was not the first time I had seen him, but the first time I had seen them together—she introduced him to me as her husband Joseph Jones—I recognized him as the man who represented himself as Mr. Handley's butler three or four years back, and came with Mr. Handley's compliments—I said, "Why, you are Barratt"—he said, "No, my name is Jones, I am not Barratt"—Mrs. Edwards replied, "This is my husband; his name is Joseph Jones"—that was all that occurred at the time—I went to Norwood next day—I saw a gold watch in the prisoner's possession last Aug., and recognized it as belonging to George Edwards—in consequence of suspicion, after Mrs. Edwards told me, in the prisoner's presence, that her husband was dead, I made a communication to George Edwards's daughter—Mrs. Edwards had told me, in the prisoner's presence, that her husband had been dead two years, and pointing to her finger with a ring on it she said, "This la the only man that put that on"—I afterwards accompanied them to Norwood and Greenwich, to look for a beer-shop—in the course of that day Mrs. Edwards addressed him by no other name than Jones—sometimes she addressed him as B., not Mr. B.—she merely used the letter B.—I did not know what that meant—that was besides Jones or Joseph—I have seen the prisoner write seldom, but enough to form a judgment—I received a letter from him on the 28th of Aug. this year, and acted on it—this signature, "George Edwards" to this transfer corresponds with the writing of the letter I received—to the best of my belief, I believe the letter produced (A) to be his writing, except the signature, and should say the demand to act on the other side is his. (The transfer of the stock was here read, also the following document: "(A.) 31st Dec, 1841. I authorize George Edwards, my husband, to receive the amount of stock and interest to the date of such stock being removed. I am yours respectfully, SARAH EDWARDS." On the back of which was, "I request to sell the amount of 3l. 10s., long annuities, standing in the name of

myself and wife, without the signature of my wife—GEORGE EDWARDS. 5th January, 1842. To W. Smee, Esq.")

MR. PRENDERGAST
to
MR. COULDREY. Q. You have known Mrs. Edwards some considerable time? A. I have, and she was living with her husband previous to going to service at Mr. Mowbert's, in 1835—I knew her living with her husband some time—I visited them when they lived together, and was on intimate terms with them—I was surprised to hear of Mr. Edwards's death last Aug.—I had not seen him for four or five years.

MR. CLARKBON. Q. Was it in consequence of hearing he was dead, and seeing his gold watch in another man's hands, that you went to the daughter to make inquiry? A. Yes—I had no reason to suppose they had ever separated or quarrelled.




GUILTY
. 


Transported for Life.

