



803. 




BENJAMIN LUMPKIN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of May, 7 1/2 yards of silk serge, value 3l., the goods of 



James Dickens Saltmer: and 1 philister plane, value 6d., the goods of 



Thomas Turner.






RICHARD EVANS
. I am warehouseman to James Dickens Saltmer, of St. Paul's churchyard. The prisoner is a carpenter, and was employed there by Mr. Lawrence at the time my master had his premises altered—he was there about the 10th of May, and about that time we lost seven yards and a half of silk serge—in consequence of circumstances in February I went to the prisoner's lodging—this silk serge was found by the policeman at the pawnbroker's—this is it—(examining it)—it is what we lost in May last.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You have no particular mark on it? A. No—it is a very particular sort—it is the only piece we ever had, and we got it from Lyons—I saw it last in the warehouse in the beginning of last May—I know that because I cut a part of it off, and gave the rest to a traveller in the country—we kept it in the back part of the warehouse—there are three men in my master's employ, whose duty it was to take care of the serge—the prisoner had not the care of it.

COURT. Q. Are you able to say that this is part of what you had? A. Yes—when the part was given to the traveller in May there was seven yards and a half left.





THOMAS TURNER
. I am a carpenter, living in Providence-row, Finsbury. I was employed in May with the prisoner at the prosecutor's premises—I lost a philister plane—this is it—(examining one)—it has my name on it.

Cross-examined. Q. Do not tools get mixed sometimes? A. Yes—we were working at Mr. Saltmer's, and next door—I was ill, and absent three weeks at that time.





MARY ANN LUMPKIN
. I am the prisoner's daughter, and live in Three Tun-court. I pawned these articles—my lather gave them-to me to pawn.





JOHN HORBLE
. I am assistant to Robert Reeves. I bare produced tome silk serge and a plane, which were pawned by Mary Ann Lumpkin on the 10th of May.





HENRY CAMPER
. I am a pawnbroker in Barbican. One length of the silk serge was pawned by the prisoner's daughter.
(Esther Maynard, the wife of a carpenter, of Little Winyett-street, Camden-town; and Rebecca Budd, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
