



1011. 




JAMES GODDARD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th of Jan., 5lbs. weight of indigo, value 30s., the goods of the London Dock Company, his masters.



MESSRS. ADOLPHUS
and
BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN CLEMENT
. I am constable of the London Docks. The prisoner was in their employ, as manager of the indigo warehouse—on Monday afternoon, the 30th of Jan., a few minntes before four o'clock, I saw the prisoner coming towards the west gate of the dock from the indigo warehouse—he came up to the gate—I said, "Mr. Goddard, where are you going at this time?"—(it was earlier than he ought to go—he ought to have been at the warehouse to see the men out, and the warehouse locked up)—he said, "I am only going to the Custom-house; I shall be back in aminute"—I said, "The reason I have stopped you is, I think you have got something in your hat, and I must see what you have got"—I got him into the box—he appeared much distressed, and said, "I am a ruined man"—I took off his hat, and found these four cakes of indigo—I felt his pockets, and found he had some more indigo in his under coat pockets—he took that out at my desire—I asked him the reason of his taking that indigo out—he said, "I have got indigo of my own, I am taking that out to test the prices"—I said, "Have you indigo of your own at the warehouse?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "What quantity?"—he said, "A 2lbs. sample left last quarter"—I have weighed the indigo that was found on the prisoner—it is 5 3/4lbs.—this would not be taken out of the docks as a sample in this state and manner—it is worth 6s. a pound before the duty is paid—I left him in the custody of the gate-keeper, Fryer—the prisoner said, "For God's sake don't expose me."

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. He has been in the service of the company some time? A. Yes, ten year—it was not his place to give passes for indigo, so that persons would be allowed to go out—he has not been allowed to sign passes the last five months—he was interdicted from signing passes for indigo the last five months—supposing an importer to give an order, the prisoner would not give a pass then—not for the last five months—at the Police-court I said he was authorized to sign passes for samples of indigo, and I had examined passes—I knew he was at one time allowed to sign passes for samples of indigo, but till my return to the dock that day I did not know he was interdicted from doing it—there is a book called the signature-book, which is kept by the gate-keepers, of persons who are authorised to sign passes, and the prisoner's name is erased from the book.

COURT. Q. What means have you of knowing that he has been interdicted? A. The superintendent informed me of it.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Will you swear the prisoner has not signed passes within one week of this occurrence? A. He has not to my knowledge—I will not swear he has not—the book I speak of as being scratched is kept at the office—I can have access to it—it is scratched by the accountant—it is generally kept in my own office—I have not looked at it since I was at the police-office—I was informed by the superintendent that he had interdicted Mr. Goddard from signing passes—whether the name has been scratched out I do not know—I am sure I separated the pieces found in the prisoner's hat from those in his pocket—these are the four found in his hat—he carried his hat very well—it had no greater motion than a pocket handkerchief and a pair of gloves would have given it—I could not tell that he had anything in it till I spoke to him, and then his countenance fell.

Q. His hat had a little appearance which attracted your attention? A. I had considerable doubt whether it had anything in it before I spoke to him, but when I did I had no doubt—his countenance altered—he smelt of rum,

and appeared to have been drinking from his manner—he was not perfectly sober—he was about the usual pitch that I have seen him at other times.





WILLIAM ROBSON
. I am warehouse-keeper of No. 1 department, at the London Docks—the indigo warehouse forms a portion of that department. On Monday, the 30th of Jan., there was a considerable number of chests of indigo in it, and there are still—176 chests by the same ship—these were all open at that time, and have been so since—the prisoner had the entire management of that warehouse, and full access to every chest in the ware-house—he was manager of the indigo, and one part of his duty was to take eare that no part of it was taken away—I have looked at the indigo found in his hat and pockets, and have compared it with that in the chests—I am not a judge of indigo, but the stamp on these squares is the same that the exterior of the chests bear, and some of the squares in the chests bear the same mark, A I K—I have got them here—these marks correspond with some of the other indigo left behind, and the marks on the chests.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. You would not undertake to swear it is the same? A. No; all the cakes that are imported have not the same marks; there are a great variety of marks in eighty or a hundred chests—they might have different stamps—I dare say it is a common mark—the indigo is sold at quarterly sales; at such sales, it is usual to sell the warehouse sweepings, for the benefit of the proprietor of the warehouse, at the docks—after the sales the floors are swept up, and there are very frequently small pieces, as big as a walnut, or occasionally a little larger; these are picked up and generally crushed, for the purpose of mixing with the ordinary dust that is swept from the floor—I believe it is better in lumps; but it has always been the custom in the indigo trade for this rubbish, to be crushed; that is our practice, as introduced by the prisoner—I cannot say how much we do in a year; it depends on what we have; in 1842, the docks sold perhaps three tons of it, and nearly half of that was sawdust—it sometimes fetches 2s. a-pound.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. When this, is crushed, does it crush into solid cakes again? A. No; it is sold by public auction, in the Auction Mart.





GEORGE DIX
. I am constable of the docks—I was directed to watch the indigo warehouse—I was doing so on the 30th of Jan.—I saw the prisoner come from the indigo warehouse, and go towards the west gate—I communicated with Clements.

Cross-examined. Q. That was his proper place to be in? A. Yes; he was to leave the warehouse when the doors were closed, and the labourers out; but they were not closed then.

COURT. Q. How long was it after you saw him come out of the ware-house that he went to the west gate? A. I should think six or seven minutes.





WILLIAM FRYER
. I am gate-keeper of the London Docks—on the 30th of Jan., a little before four o'clock, I was directed by Clements to go into the box near the west gate, to take charge of the prisoner; I saw him there, and I saw some dust of indigo on the desk—I asked what he was stopped with; was it with the indigo; he said, "Yes"—I said, "How much; a pound?" the prisoner said, "No; four or five"—I said I was very sorry; it was a bad job—he said he should be taken to the police, and he had no business to have done it—he wanted to go in and see Mr. Chandler, the superintendent; I said I must not let him out of the box till Mr. Clements returned—Mr. Clements returned in about twenty minutes, and told him be would have to go before a Magistrate—when Mr. Clements was gone, the prisoner said be ought to be treated the same as the rest—he said Gale was stopped some time ago

with coffee, and that was quite as bad a case as his, and it was looked over; and Mr. Robson had been robbing the Company of time and stuff for weeks, and that was looked over—he said Spratty had got a case already packed and ready for removal, and he was suffered to go without going before a Magistrate—he said he should make up big mind for the worst; he should say nothing at present, but what he had to say he should say before another tribunal.

Cross-examined. Q. All you heve been stating was what he said in answer to questions? A. No; I asked him what he was stopped with—I have been at the gate about twelve months, and in the dock about three years—I believe Robson is one of the witnesses.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Is the warehouse within the walls of the London Docks? A. Yes.





THOMAS COOPER
. I have compared the indigo produced with the indigo in the wirehouse; it corresponds in marks with the rest of the indigo there.

Cross-examined. Q. You have seen the same at the West India and East India Docks? A. No; I have not seen that mark before—I belong to the East and West India Dock Company's indigo warehouse—I swear I have not said that I have indigo of this mark precisely in my warehouse—I have seen such marks, but not in the warehouse—I have seen them marked on the canvas when they have been going to other docks—the same mark is put on the canvas that is on the indigo—that on the canvas is the import mark, but the indigo may be another mark—as to the mark on the goods inside, I could not say.

MR. PRENDERGAST
called






JOHN SQUIRES
. I am working forman in the indge department of the London Dockes—I have known the prisoner nine years—I saw him on the day in question at nine o'clock in the morning, waiting outside the warehouse door, before it was unlocked—he was not soher—I saw him again about the warehouse three or four times—he was still worse about twelve or one o'clock—there are conveniences in the docks to get drunk there—I saw him again about half-past three o'clock, and I should say he was then decidedly drunk—when he is drunk, I should say he does not know what he is about; he is more like a madman than anybody else—I have seen him go to the men, and actually order them to do things they ought not to do; order them to go to work about things that they ought not to do, and five minutes after he has come to me and said, "These men are doing wrong"—he has conducted himself in an irrational manner.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Have you ever seen him drunk before this day? A. Many times—I am a working foreman—I have been in the Company's service fifteen years—my superiors were all aware of this; and parties coming down to the docks, respectable merchants have said he would some day lose his situation—I saw him three times that day; he war not sober at nine o'clock, worse between twelve and one, and decidedly drunk at three—he was sitting in the counting-house—I had some conversation with him in the day; he answered the questions on some occasions, not always—he was sitting in the office with his head on his hand.

MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Was that the position for a man to be in, lying with his head on his hands? A. No—I should say the proprietors do not allow men to lay their heads on their hands.





JOHN ALGER
. I have known the prisoner from ten to twelve years—his character has been perfectly honest up to the present moment—since the death of his wife, about fifteen months ago, he has been quite a different man to what he was before—I have seen him frequently at my house, when he

has been intoxicated—when he has been in that state he has been quite different to other men—when he is intoxicated he is an insane man—he came to my house one evening—we sat a considerable time in conversation and I said to him, "I have just purchased a watch"—he said, "Let us look"—I gave it into his hand, and he took and threw it behind the fire—he did not appear at that time conscious of the injury he was doing to me or my watch—I saw him the next morning, and I mentioned to him the strange conduct of throwing my watch behind the fire, and he knew nothing at all about it—I have observed the same manner with him when he has been in that state—I saw him on the day before this matter occurred at the docks—he was then very much in liquor—from my observation of his manner, when in a state of intoxication, I can undertake to say, that his manner is altogether different to what I have ever seen in other men—I have known these fits of temporary insanity to continue upon him during the time of his intoxication at times—but when he has been in this state, he has, notwithstanding this, appeared to walk tolerably strong—he had the command of his legs like other men, but his reason appeared to be gone—I recollect another instance—he was at my house, and it rained very hard—he said, "It is a very wet night," and he got up, took his coat off, and walked out for about half an hour.

COURT. Q. Does he bestow his company generally on you when he is drunk? A. No, my lord—the watch was a great deal damaged, it stopped it—I did not have it repaired—it was not worth repairing—it had gone before, and it has not gone since, it was so much injured—it remained behind the fire some minutes—we took it out with the tongs as soon as we could.





JOHN CHAMBERS
. I am a surgeon, and live in Hackney-road—I have known him about two years—I have seen him in a state of intoxication, such as has been described—I have seen him so too often, and there is a degree of nervous excitement about the brain that gives rise to those circumstances that you have heard—I have seen other tipsy men—the conduct of the prisoner is contrary to theirs—he can stand on his legs generally—I decidedly think he does not know right from wrong.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Do you mean, when in a state of drunkenness, you believe him to be insane, and not know right from wrong? A. He does not—from what I have observed, I believe he would commit a theft without knowing what he was doing—that is one of his failings—he has a craving—I have heard the evidence in this case, and that leads roe to suppose that he was in one of his fits of insanity—I have heard that, on being taken, he said, "I am a ruined man"—the suddenness of the impression he received, on being taken on suspicion, threw off his insanity, and very likely brought him to his senses—it would with many people—I am not relatted to him—I have attended his family—I have represented that he was insane, to his unfortunate wife who died.

Q. But we understand he has only been insane since her death, and that is fifteen months ago? A. I believe it is—this has been increased from time to time—I do not know any one living person to whom I have mentioned it.

COURT. Q. Is he sane when he is not intoxicated? A. He is a singular man altogether, I never could make head or tail of him.





JETHRO VIAL
. I am a licensed victualler, and live in Virginia-row, Bethnal-green. I have known the prisoner from the first hour he came under the Hon. East India Company's warehouse, twelve years ago—I never saw nor heard anything dishonest of him till this accusation—he is an honest, upright man—I have frequently gone to his house like I have to other

warehouse-keepers, but never saw anything belonging to the Hon. East India Company's department.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Have you known him up to the present time? A. I have known him—I have seen him in my house once, and I have been to his house.

COURT. Q. Did you ever see him intoxicated? A. I have, and sorry I am to say it; and likewise, his wife has been ill-used by him when in that state.
(Edward Brennand, a solicitor; and John Giddy, a tailor, in Gloucester-street, Hackney-road; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 45.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)

Sixth Jury, before 


Edward Bullock, Esq.

