




1529. 



PATRICK COAKLEY
 and 



JEROME COAKLEY



, feloniouslykilling and slaying 



Daniel Harker Monk.—They were also charged, on the Coroner's Inquisition, with the like offence.


MESSRS. BODKIX, CLERK, and
COOPER
conducted the Prosecution.





ROBERT MASON
. I am a chandler, in George-street, St. Giles's. on Sunday afternoon, 30th April, I was in my shop, and saw a policemancoming towards my shop—the prisoner, Jerome Coakley, was then standingopposite, about the centre of the street—I then saw them standing near eachother, and Jerome was in a sparring position, opposite the policeman, larking, as I thought—something attracted my attention in my shop for asecond or two, and the next thing I noticed was seeing them having hold ofeach other, in the act of wrestling—they fell together on the ground—Iturned my eyes to my shop again, and the next thing I saw was both standingup again—they had hold of each other the same as before—I afterwardssaw them both on the ground again the policeman was underneath; butafter some little struggling he got uppermost—I then saw the prisoner Patrick strike the policeman on the right side of the head with a piece ofwood like a policeman's staff; I cannot swear that it was a staff—I did notsee where he got it from—he had been standing four or five yards off whilethey were struggling—the policeman's hat was off at the time.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You only saw one blowgiven? A. That was all—I do not know what became of them after, for Iturned into my shop—I was not near enough to see whether the policemanhad hold of Jerome by his throat—they were in the middle of the street—Idid not hear any one say that he was strangling the man—I am very sorryto be at all mixed up in the affair—I did not hear the crowd say that thepoliceman was ill-using the man—there might have been from half-a-dozen toa dozen people—I did not hear the policeman calling a man of the named of Sealan—I believe Patrick wished to relieve Jerome from the grasp of thepoliceman—he was on Jerome, in a leaning position—I did not see where hishand was—I did not notice whether he was kneeling on him—I did not see Jerome strike the policeman—I knew Patrick before, and his relatives andfriends many years as neighbours—he has been a well-behaved man up tothis time—I have known him six years—as far as I know, he has been asober well-conducted man.






CHARLES JAMES ENNOS
. I am apprenticed to a wine-merchant, at 39, Holborn. On 30th April, about a quarter-past one o'clock, I was passingalon (Oxford-street—my attention was drawn to George-street—I saw Jerome Coakley and a policeman struggling together on the ground—I thensaw Patrick Coakley take the constable's truncheon out of his pocket, andstrike him on the head with it twice—the constable had no hat or cap on—Patrick then ran away.

Cross-examined. Q. You did not see Jerome do anything? A. No; theconstable was on Jerome when Patrick struck him—I did not see where hehad hold of Jerome—I could not see—there were about a dozen people there—I did not hear any one say the policeman was strangling the man—Patrickthrew the staff down and ran away.





MARY NOWLAND
. I live at 1, Church-lane, which comes to the corner of George-street. On Sunday, 30th April, about one o'clock, I was at myhouse, and saw a policeman go past with a man in his custody, who appearedto be a beggar—there had been a quantity of people standing round, and one man was reading a newspaper in the middle—I did not see Jerome Coakley at that time, but as the policeman returned I heard some angry wordsbetween him and Jerome Coakley, and Jerome said, "You will not take me fornothing"—the policeman turned round on his saying that, and drove him backto my door—a struggle ensued; they struck one another, and the policemantried to catch him by the neck, and they both fell down, the constable undermost—they got up again, and fell down again, and I saw a short man, in aflannel jacket, strike the policeman twice with a stick, while the policemanhad Jerome down, with his knee on his chest, and his hand in his handkerchief—I could not see who the man was, but I heard the people round saythat he was the other one's brother—I know Jerome very well, but not theother—I could not see where the policeman was struck; there were people before me.

Cross-examined. Q. You did not see where the stick fell? A. No—when it did fall the policeman had Jerome down with his knee on him—Iwas looking through the window—the policeman first tried to lay hold of Jerome and drive him away—the people called the constable names fortaking the beggar—I did not see Jerome there then—they were not readingthe newspaper when the policeman had hold of Jerome—I did not see Jeromestrike the policeman until he drove him—he then turned back to a door, andsaid, "You will not take me for nothing," and struck him as he was goingto get him by the collar—I did not hear people say the policeman was stranglinghim—I did not go from the door—there was a crowd collected—I didnot hear the policeman speak to a man named Sealan; I was so alarmedthat I did not notice what took place.





JAMES BLOOM
 (policeman, E 98.) On 30th April I saw Daniel Harker Monk at the police-station, in Clark's-buildings—I was called about tenminutes or a quarter to one o'clock to George-street, and saw him holding Jerome Coakley, who also had bold of him—he was about half up, as if risingfrom the ground, and bleeding very much from the mouth and back of thehead—the blood was streaming down his coat—he was unable to walk—hesaid, "Secure him, for they have almost killed me"—I did not see Patrick.





ESTHER ELLIS
. I am sister of the deceased's wife; his name was Daniel Harker Monk—I came from the country to attend him while he was ill—Mr. Clayton, the surgeon, attended him—all the time I was with him he wasinsensible—I came on 13th May, and he died on 28th.


Cross-examined. Q. I believe he had been in the hospital? A. Hewent to the hospital the first day—when I attended him he was confined tohis bed at his own house, 14, Harper-street.





OSCAR MOOR PASSEY CLIYTOS
. I am surgeon to the E division of police, and reside in Percy-btreet, Bedford-square. I saw Monk on 2nd May—Iexamined his head—there was I wound on the back part, and the head generallywas a great deal swelled—it indicated violent blows—I should thinkthey must have been inflicted by such an instrument as a staff—erysiplelascame on five or six days after, and he died on 28th May—by order of the Coroner I made a post mortem examination—I opened the skull, and found afrcture or fissure, and found four ounces of blood within the arachnoid membrane—the death was produced by erysipelas, the consequence of the blow.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you first see him? A. On 2nd Mayshortly after the injury—erysipelas had not then come on—he was going onas favourably as could be with such a wound on his head—his life could notbe considered safe—he had walked to my house and back—his life did notthen appear to be in danger—I could not tell that erysipelas would come on.
(Timothy Warren, Mercer-street, Long-acre, a mason; Joseph Ostail, of Gloucester-place, Pall-mall East; George Burt, mason; Cornelius Sullivan, of 4, Market-street, Fitzroy-market; and James Comming, 19, George-street, Bloomsbury, gave Patrick Coakley a good character.)

PATRICK COAKLEY—


GUILTY
. —


Transportedfor Seven Years



JEROME COAKLEY—


NOT GUILTY
.
