



697. 




ELIZA SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
13th of January, 1 box, value 2s.; 1 cape, value 1s.; 6 gowns, value 2l. 14s.; 5 pairs of stockings, value 5s.; 1 pair of cuffs, value 1s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 2s.; 1 waist-band, value 6d.; 1 shift, value 2s. 6d.; 2 brooches, value 3s.; 1 tea-caddy, value 3s.; and 6 yards of ribbon, value 4s.; the goods of 



Ann Capelin Mace Betts.






ANN CAPBLIN MACE BETTS
. I am single, and am a servant. On the 13th of January I met the prisoner in Castle-street, Leicester-square—I

never saw her before—I was taking my box, containing the articles stated, to Mr. Wilson's, near Russell-court, having fetched it away from my place that day, at two o'clock—the prisoner spoke to me first, and said she was a girl out of place—I said I would give her a dinner if she would help me carry the box—I gave it up to Mrs. Wilson myself, in her presence—she went away directly—I was looking about for a situation, leaving the box there—on returning I found the box gone—I have lost all but a few things—Ihave scarcely any thing to wear, and not a friend—I was going to another place the next night—I was going after it that very evening, but not having clothes, I could not go at all.





JOHN WILSON
. I keep the Two Spires public-house, in Catherine-street, The prosecutrix left her box in my bar—I was not there then, but I was there when the prisoner came, and said she had come for the box she had left a short time ago—I turned round to my boy—he said it was all right, and she went away with it.





HANNAH MORRIS
. I am the wife of James Morris, and keep a clothes-shop, at Westminster. The prisoner came this day three weeks to sell a cape, two pairs of stockings, a handkerchief, and two pairs of cuffs—I bought them of her—the prosecutrix came to my door, and seeing the cape hanging out, claimed it, and the articles were given to the policeman—on the Monday night the prisoner came to sell a pocket-handkerchief, which the prosecutrix claims, and I gave her in charge.





ANTHONY ROSE
. I took the prisoner into custody, and found this gown on her, which the prosecutrix owns.





ANN WILSON
. I am the publican's wife. The prosecutrix and prisoner came together, and left the box at our house—I thought the prisoner was a friend, or the box would not have been given to her.
(Property produced and sworn to)

Prisoner's Defence. The young woman met me, and asked me to help her with the box, and said she would give me a dinner; I stopped a long time, but she never came to give, me the dinner; I met a young woman, who asked where I had been; I told her; she asked me to lend her my bonnet and shawl to put on, which I did; she said she was going into Holborn to get some clothes, and when she came back she brought a bundle, containing two shawls, a gown, and velvet cape; I said, "Is this what your father sent you from the country?" she said, "Yes;" she lent me the gown to put on; in the afternoon she sent me to sell a handkerchief, which I took to that woman, and she gave me into custody; she said I might sell the things, which I sold that woman; the shift she claims is my own.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
