



557. 




RICHARD COOK
 was indicted

 for bigamy.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






SARAH HAYNES
. I am sextoness of St. Michael's church, Bristol. I was so in the year 1825—I produce the register of marriages for that year, (read, certifying that Richard Cook, batchehr, and Sophia Thomas, of the parish of St. Pancras, in the county of Middlesex, spinster, were married by license on the 20th of May, 1825, by William Knight, rector, in the presence of Sarah Quested and Sarah Haynes.)—I know that a marriage between two persons of these names took place at that time—I do not know the persons—it is a common occurrence with us—I was the witness to this.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You do not remember any marriage taking place? A. Yes, I do, sir—I am not the registrar of the parish—Messrs. Osborn and Ward were the registrars at that time—I have the keys of the iron chest in which the registers are kept—the rector wrote this—he then lived at the rectory-house, and all the keys belonging to the church were left with me—I keep them for him and under his direction—I have no personal recollection of any marriage on that day.

COURT. Q. Did you ever put your name to a marriage that did not take place in your presence? A. Never—I bring this register out of the iron chest in St. Michael's church—I took it out myself in the rector's presence—I keep the keys—the memorandum in the margin of this license is the writing of Mr. Wright, the rector—he was the rector then and is so now, and has been ever since 1816.





JOHN WILLIAM WOOD
. I live in Priory-road, Wands worth-road. I know Mrs. Cook—her name before she was married was Sophia Ann Thomas—I married her eldest sister Mary—I knew Mrs. Cook I think eight or nine years before she was married—she usually went by the name of Sophia only—I always called her so and all her friends called her so—I know the prisoner—while I was courting my wife I was in the habit of seeing him there frequently, in Judd-street, in the parish of St. Pancras—that was in the beginning of 1824—I continued to see him there till I married in April, 1825—after my marriage I saw him and the person who once went by the name of Sophia Thomas—they were then living together as man and wife—I think the last time I saw Mrs. Cook was in Sept last—I have not seen the prisoner write, but I have received letters from him and have acted on those letters as coming from him—I have seen him afterwards on those letters—this signature in this register is his handwriting.

Cross-examined. Q. What do you mean by acting upon those letters? A. I think I replied to one letter he wrote to me—I have had about four letters altogether—I have not talked to him about them when I saw him—I have seen him after the receipt of his letters—I think the letters have not been the subject of conversation on any occasion—in the last letter he asked

me to go down and dine with him in the neighbourhood of Claremont—I wrote him an answer and declined it.

COURT. Q. Have you had any communication with him on the matters contained in any of those letters? A. No, I think not—his letters to me were respecting Mrs. Cooke, and I handed those letters over to her, but I did not reply—Mrs. Cooke, the prisoner's wife, was at that time in Sloane-street.

MR. DOANE. Q. Are you acquainted with Mrs. Cooke's handwriting? A. Yes—this name Sophia Thomas in this register is her writing I am sure—I think the last time I saw the prisoner and his wife in company was in the spring of 1844—I think that was the last time I saw them together.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. His wife was called frequently Sophia? A. Yes—I knew her name was Sophia Ann, and so did all her relatives—my name is John William Wood—they generally call me John.

COURT. Q. Was she in the habit of writing her name Sophia? A. Yes, I have seen her write it so.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Have you seen her write "Sophia Ann?" A. I think not—I cannot recollect it—I saw the prisoner and her together when they called at where I now reside—they remained with me perhaps half an hour—I had seen them from time to time before that—she was called Mrs. Cooke—she was not called by the name of Alvinza—I believe she went away from him, not very early after the marriage—there was a child born, and some little time after she left him—she did not go by the name of Alvinza at that time—she has been known by that name within the last year or two—the other names she has gone by have been Thomas and Cooke—I do not know that she has gone by the name of Thomas since her marriage—I have not heard of it—she has not gone by the name of Winthorp—she has a daughter—I do not know that her daughter has gone by the name of Alvinza—I never knew her called so—she is seventeen or eighteen years old—I do not know that she writes her name Alvinza—I never received a letter from her—Sophia Thomas is now in France—my wife has received letters from her from France—she has frequently called at my house before 1844, but I think I had never seen the prisoner with her then—she is now learning music—I do not know that she is entered at a school by the name of Alvinza.

MR. DOANE. Q. Do you know, of your own knowledge, why Mrs. Cook took the name of Alvinza? A. She never told me—I believe she assumed that name in France.





WILLIAM ROBERT ELLIS
. I live in Park-place Villas, Maida-hill; I know the prisoner; I know Miss Hannah Mary Chapman. I was at the parish church of Norwood, in Middlesex, on Monday, the 26th of Aug. last, when a marriage was solemnized with her and the prisoner—I am a barrister—I received a letter from the prisoner—I wrote to him in answer to it—I can positively swear that this is the letter—it is signed by the prisoner—this letter contains a proposition to settle on Miss Chapman 916l. 3s. 6d. and one-third of two shares on the Barnsby Canal—when the proposal of marriage with Miss Chapman was made, Lady Ellis stated he should have 500l. with her—she said she would give 250l., and she could answer that her father would give 250l.—this letter was written after that—I paid the prisoner either 85l. or 100l. a few days previous to the marriage—I believe he received altogether 250l., but I cannot speak to my own knowledge.

Cross-examined. Q. You have never seen the prisoner write? A. Yes, I saw him execute the settlement—I saw him write once in a formal stiff hand—I can swear, to the best of my belief, that this is his handwriting, because I have had conversation with him on the subject of this

deed—(letter read)—"Southall Park, Aug. 12, 1845. My dear Sir,—I thank you for your kind offers of assistance in any matters relative to your dear cousin and myself. There is one little affair in which you can most essentially serve me, and I am sure you will not refuse. When I first addressed dear Mary, I assure you it was not with the most remote wish or thought, that with her I should receive one sixpence fortune; however, from Lady Ellis's kindness and consideration this will not be the case; and as I do not like to be altogether thought insensible of appreciating her ladyship's liberality, and also as I wish to provide in the best way I can, although but a humble one, for dear Mary's future comfort, will you, but I know you will, give me your opinion upon the following proposal. Under the will of her mother, my late wife was entitled to 916l. 3s. 6d., (I think the shillings are right, I know the pounds are,) payable on he death of her father, now sixty-eight, and also to one-third share of two shares in the Barnsby Canal, (present price each 280l.) This of course is mine at the death of Mr. Armstrong. I propose that you would draw out a deed expressive that the above properties should be placed in the hands of trustees, (I submit that yourself and Mr. Henry Wood should be named, if you both will undertake the office,) the interest for our mutual benefit daring our lives, and, at the death of us both, that the principal should be divided equally amongst as many children as may be living. I should also wish that a clause should be inserted, saying, that upon the consent of myself and dear Mary, and the two trustees, that it shall be possible to give up to us 500l. of the sum—I will just explain my reason for this wish. As far as we can see at present, prosperity is with us in the world, but God only knows what is in store for us; it may be that hereafter misfortunes may occur, and I think that with that sum at our command we could, by perseverance and industry, perhaps redeem our lost position. Now, will you candidly tell me, have I put my wish in a manner likely to suit the interests of dear Mary? any suggestion from you to alter the plan, believe me, I will receive most thankfully; my only object is to make a provision against possible, though, I trust, not probable adversity. One favour in addition I have to ask, your perfect silence on the subject. I have not as yet told Lady Ellis; I may or may not, but to dear Mary I mean it to be an unexpected marriage-gift, when I place the deed in her hands on our return from church. If you will let me know how much the stamps will cost I will send or call with the amount; the sum altogether will be nearly 1100l.; not much of a settlement, you will say, but my only excuse is that it is the best I can do. Perhaps you will be good enough to let us hear from you in a day or two, at your convenience. I mentioned to Lady Ellis that I was about writing to you, and she desired me to say that little Willy is very well and happy, and has expressed his intention of going with her ladyship to chapel on Sunday. I fear my long letter must have tired you; so, with every wish and prayer for the health and happiness of yourself and family, request you to believe me most faithfully yours, RICHARD COOKE."

Witness. In consequence of this letter, I prepared this settlement, and it was executed by the prisoner—I believe the signature to this marriage register to be his handwriting—I believe the signature "Richard Cooke," to this letter, to be his handwriting.

Cross-examined. Q. You would hardly venture to speak to this handwriting? A. I have not a doubt of its being his handwriting.





GEORGE WYTHE DANIELS
. I am a surgeon, and live at Southall Park—that is an establishment now carried on by Lady Ellis, and was formerly by Sir William Ellis—the prisoner was in my service there for some time—he came in the early part of 1845, and was with me some months—during that

time I had occasion to become acquainted with his handwriting—I was an attesting witness to this deed—I saw the parties sign this deed—I believe this signature, "Richard Cooke," to this register of a marriage, is the prisoner's handwriting—I believe the signature to this letter to be his handwriting—(letter read)—"21st March, 1844. Dear Sir,—I yesterday addressed a letter to your son, with proposals to bring to a close our present unfortunate situation; and my object in writing to you now is, that you will kindly lend us your assistance towards the accomplishment of such a desirable event. You will perhaps think it rather a bold request on my part after the letters I have addressed to you, but I trust that you will in your goodness forgive the part, as I assure you that nothing but downright starvation staring us in the face could have prompted me to such a measure on my part. I am willing to repeat any apology you may suggest, or sign any one you may require. I will inform you the terms on which I rely on your interference and favour in our behalf. I have written to Mr. C. Armstrong, begging that he will not prevent Bessy raising 200l. upon her reversionary interest, at your decease. The manner in which I propose expending it is as follows: 150l. in the purchase of a business, which I can complete under most favourable circumstances, at Cobham, in Surrey; 50l. to be paid to your son, which he advanced us since the disposal to him of Mrs. Buosseto's legacy; and the remainder to purchase whatever stock may be wanting, and necessaries attending our removal. In return for this, I propose that Bessy shall settle the whole of the remainder of her property, both in possession, or which hereafter she may be possessed of, to heir or heirs, and you in trust for the benefit. The day after this deed it signed I will marry Bessy, and then I trust an end to all our troubles. The business at Cobham is a most excellent one, and the purchase-money includes shop fixtures, a bottle stock (not very large,) and a good portion (one sitting and two bed-rooms full) of household furniture. The 200l. I propose paying off at the rate of 50l. per annum, so that in four years we shall be free. The rent is only 26l., a good house, shop with every convenience for business, and no opposition, with 2,300 inhabitants, with my attention and qualification for business, I think I can appeal with confidence even to you—as to my success in Bath, it will prove what my assiduity and patience effected. You may say, on reading this letter, if my intentions are honourable, why not marry Bessy before this settlement is made? I will tell you—owing to my insolvency, were I to do so, my former creditors could claim every sixpence of Bessy's property in liquidation of their debts, to the amount of 3,600l. This I am sure you will see with me is best avoided. Now, sir, that I have pointed out to you the bright side of our prospects, I will state the dark side. To rescue us from our late distressed and dreadful condition we are determined to do something. If your son refuses his sanction to the mortgage, Mr. Binns has a purchaser for the whole of the reversion, with all its faults, for 466l.; and, with a full knowledge of the consequences, Bessy will sell it. In every money transaction with you and your son I have taken from Bessy a written consent and authority for the act, indemnifying me from all consequences. We have laid the whole case before counsel, and are aware that if you and your son can prove that you were not aware of our living together unmarried, we are liable to be indicted; but the greatest punishment that would be awarded would he six or twelve months'imprisonment. Now, sir, this, for the sake of hereafter providing for ourselves and poor children (three and another coming) we are prepared to undergo: you can only punish us once, and then Mrs. Bousfield's legacy will also be Bessy's. Now, sir, I implore you to pause before you consign your child and me to a dungeon, and my poor old mother and the poor children to a workhouse. For your child's

welfare I am sure I need not plead, as her affection for you has ever been in the extreme, and her love for you even now greater than for any one on earth. As to myself, I believe I was not mistaken when I reckoned upon you as my best friend, with your son, and I was only sorry that I could not do more to prove my gratitude than lay in my power. We throw ourselves upon your and your son's power; and may the Almighty God incline you to be merciful towards us. If not, do not think that we shall shrink from our purpose—we shall not, for imprisonment will be far, far better than the penury and wretchedness we have suffered the last eighteen months. In case your son should not believe my statements, I have sent him the agreement for the sale of the business to me, and the authority sent to Bessy by Mr. Binns for the sale of the reversion. In conclusion, let me beg and pray of you to grant us your interference and favour; and in the hope that you will write to me by return of post, I am, dear Sir, yours, &c, R. COOKE. Bessy desires her kind love to you and Mrs. Armstrong." Addressed to Mr. Armstrong.
(The marriage settlement was here read, by which the prisoner proposed to convey to trustees, for the benefit of Hannah Mary Chapman, his intended wife, and their children, 916l. 3s. 6d., which he was entitled to under the will of Dorothy Armstrong; also one-third of two shares in the Barnsby Canal.)





JAMES CHILD
. I am an artist, and live in Bedford-street, Covent-garden. I have known the prisoner about twenty, or twenty-one years ago—I think it must be before his marriage—he came for a picture of himself and a lady who was with him—I know the lady—I have frequently seen her since—the last time I saw her was the last week in Sept., or the beginning of Oct., 1845—I think she was first introduced to me as Miss Thomas, and I always knew her afterwards as Mrs. Cooke—I dined with her last year, in a lodging-house at No. 8, Cecil-street, with her sister and her daughter.

Cross-examined. Q. She was not living with the prisoner? A. No—I have known her by the name of Cooke—she was living by the name of Alvinza, in Cecil-street—I think I have known her by Chat name two years—I think not three years—I never knew a Mr. Alvinza—I saw Mrs. Cook in Sept.—I have not seen the prisoner in her company since they quitted me in 1825 or 1826—I have seen Mrs. Cooke many times since—I think for eight years I never saw her at all—I understood she was abroad—I have generally seen her at my house, and once I called on her in Sloane-street—she was living there in the name of Alvinza, and her daughter was called Miss Alvinza—I have known her by that name.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you know Mrs. Cooke by the name of Alvinza except from her own representation? A. No—from all I know of her, I have every reason to believe her to be a person of the most perfect respectability—she told me she went by the name of Alvinza.

COURT. Q. Did she give you any reason for taking that name? A. That she was in some measure intimidated by Mr. Cooke.





CHARLES EDWARD ARMSTRONG
. I have a daughter named Elizabeth—she had property to the amount of 916l., and she has it still by the will of her grandmother—my wife's name is Dorothy—my daughter was never married to the prisoner—she is still alive.





CHRISTOPHER RICHARD PALMER
. I am a solicitor, and live at Ware, in Hertfordshire. In 1844 I knew Mrs. Cook, who was Miss Thomas—in consequence of seeing her, I was afterwards in communication with the prisoner—a separation by deed was alluded to, and his marriage was alluded to incidentally—he mentioned that he had been married at St. Michael's, Bristol; and I think the year was mentioned, but I am not certain—1825, I think—I know the prisoner's writing intimately, from the communications I have

received I have no doubt whatever that the signatures in this marriage register of "Richard Cooke and Sophia Thomas," are the writing of the prisoner and Mrs. Cooke—the first communication made to me was in Feb., 1844—I did not see the prisoner subsequent to Feb. or March, but I saw Mrs. Cooke through the rest of the year.

COURT. Q. Did you communicate with him? A. Not with him—I had corresponded with his solicitor.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you procure a copy of the register of marriage at Norwood, in Aug., last year? A. Yes—I examined the copy with the register—Richard Cooke is described as a widower.




GUILTY
. Aged 41.—


Transported for Seven Years.

