




951. 




LUKE DAVIS
 and 




JOHN SUTTON



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Rayner, at 
St. Olave, Southwark, and stealing therein 1 watch, 1 ring, 7 gowns, and other articles, value 22l.; his goods.






SUSAN RAYNER.
 I am the wife of James Rayner, who is employed in the Tower—our house is in the parish of St. Olave, Southwark. On Monday, 21st Feb., we went out about twenty minutes to eight in the morning, I leaving the windows fastened in the middle and at the two sides with an extra fastening, and the door locked—we left no one ib the house—I returned again at half-past four in the afternoon—my husband let me in—he had got home five or six minutes before me—I went up stairs, and found the things out of all my boxes and drawers, and tossed all over the room—the top cash of the front parlour window was open—from below I missed nothing but a cloak which had been in the parlour—from the bed-room I missed seven dresses, four shawls, three waistcoats, four shirts, two pairs of trowsers, a hat, a gold ring, a watch, and a coat—I have since seen a shift which was in the drawer in the bed-room—my name was on it, but it has been picked out—a pane of glass was taken out of the window above the catch, which would enable any one to unfasten it and out the window up.





JAMES RAYNER.
 I left home with my wife—I pulled to the door—it was quite safe on the catch, the window was also safe—there were four fastenings to it—all the panes were in—when I came back, I found the middle pane broken—that would enable a person ro remove the catch and put up the cash—I was the first that missed the articles from the bed-room—I have heard my wife examined—she has stated it correctly.





MARIA BURR.
 I am thirteen years old, and live with my father, at 3,

Great Maze-court. On Monday, 21st Feb., I was in Sparrick's-row, about two o'clock, and saw the prisoner, Sutton, at Mr. Rayner's front window—I knew him before, and am sure it was he—there was another with him—the other got in at the window, and Sutton immediately shut the shutters which are outside—Sutton remained outside—he asked me what I wanted—I waited till rhe other man came out at the door—in about a quarter of an hour he joined Sutton, and they both went away together—I cannot positively say that Davis is the other man—I have not said he was not the man—I said I could not say that he was.





EDWARD STRINGER.
 I live in Maze-court. On 21st Feb., between two and three, I was going up Sparrick's-row, and saw the prisoners—Davis was standing at Mr. Rayner's parlour window—he had whskers on then—the parlour window was broken—I heard some glass when I got up the row—I knew Sutton before





JOHN ELSTON.
 I live in Little Maze-court, and am employed in a ware-house there. On 21st. Feb. I saw the two prisoners in company, walking to and fro, in front of the warehouse, front ten till twelve.





JOHN HOWE.
 I was in maze-pond between two and three o'clock, on 21st Feb, and saw Sutton in company with another man—Sutton had a large bundle, and the other a smaller one—they were about two minutes' walk from Rayner's house—I cannot swear to to Davis—I was on the other side, and did not notice him particularly—I have known Sutton for the last twelve months about the neighbourhood.





JAMES BUTT
 (policeman, M 272.) I took Sutton into custody, and told him he was charged on suspicion of being concerned on breaking onto Mr. Rayner's—I have since received a shift from a female—she os not here, but another girl is, who will prove that she saw Davis give her the shift—I have a warrant against the other one, but have not been able to apprehend her.





ELIZABETH BURTON.
 I know Davis—I saw him give this shift(produced) to Eliza Bailey, and he told her he had a gown and shawl which he thought would have suited her, could he have given them to her.





JAMES BUTT

re-examined. This is the shift I received from Bailey—we could not get Burton before the Magistrate—she was got away.





JOHN WRIGHT
 (policeman M 63.) I apprehended Davis, and told him I took him for being concerned with Sutton in breaking into a house—he said he did not know Sutton, or anything about the robbery.

Davis. I could not say I did not know him, as I was walking with him at two o'clock in the afternoon. Witness. The other constable heard him as well.

MRS. RAYNER. This is the shift of which I spoke—it had my name on it, and the marks are visible, though picked out—I know it by another mark.

Davis's Defence. On the day stated I met Sutton, with whom I was acquainted: he asked where I was going: I said, "Nowhere particular;" he said, "Walk down home with me, I want to call home;" his own house is but two doors from the prosecutor's; at the corner of the street I stopped; he knocked at the door; no one came; he said, "No one is at home, wait a little while, perhaps my mother will come;"I waited some time, and he went back two or three times; he said, "I shall not wait any longer;" I left him to the top of the street, and went to my brother's, in the Kent-road; I saw to more of him till next Friday, when the policeman came up and took him; walked away, and the policeman took no notice of me; I had a shift; whether that is the one, or not, I cannot say.


Sutton's Defence. On the day named I went home, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, but my father and mother being out, I staid about the neighbourhood till one, or half-past; I them went home again; I saw Rayner's shutters half open, and as the payment was not wide enough to pass. I shut them, and went home; I deny what stringer has stated; a man passed me; he asked me to carry a bundle for him; I did so; I left him at the cab-rank, in the Brough, and he gave me 6d.; asked Burr what she wanted, because the boys about there tease me, and call me gravy-eyes.


DAVIS—


GUILTY. Aged 29.

SUTTON—


GUILTY. Aged 25.





Transported for Seven Years.

