



2272. 




HARRIET THOMAS
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 breast-pin, value 5l.; 5s., the goods of 



William Gray, from his person; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM GRAY
. I am a merchant and live in Dublin. On the 25th of Aug. I was walking up Ludgate-hill, about half-past twelve o'clock at night—the prisoner ran up to me, and took hold of my arm—I pushed her off—she came up to me again in about a minute—I hit her in the face, or on the bonnet, with the back of my hand—she then came in front of me, and went before me up the hill, with her face towards me, and walking backwards—she then ran up to me, and took my diamond pin—I caught hold of her hand, and called, "Police"—two or three persons came up, and the policeman came up—I told him the pin could not be more than half a yard from the place where he was—this is the pin—I did not see it picked up, but I saw it after it was picked up—it is mine.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not come and put your arm round my neck, and unfasten my shawl? A. I did not even speak to her.





JAMES RUBETT
 (City police-constable, No. 360.) About half-past twelve o'clock that night I saw the prosecutor going up Ludgate-hill—I was on the

opposite side, from ten to twenty yards from him—I saw the prisoner go up to him, and lay hold of his arm—he drew his arm away—she came in front of him, and put both her arms to his breast—I went up to assist him—he called, "Police"—I said, "Here I am"—he said, "She has taken the pin out of my bosom"—I saw the pin picked up, and given to Eves—I took the prisoner to the station—the prosecutor had not put his arm round her neck, or done anything to her.





THOMAS EVES
 (City police-constable, No. 303.) I saw this pin picked up, and it was given to me.

Prisoner's Defence. He put his arm round my neck; the fringe of my shawl might catch the pin.





FRANCIS CATER
 (City police-constable, No. 281.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

