




1973. 



JAMES MURPHY
 and 



WILLIAM HEDGES



, stealing 1301bs. weight of lead, value 16s., the goods of 



Eleanor Hauton, fixed to a building; Murphy having been before convicted.






ELEANOR HAWTON
. I am a widow, and live in Aylesbury-street, Clerkea-well. I have a house in Peter's-lane, let to Mr. Murphy.





JOHN MIRPHY
. I live at 8, Peter's-lane—the prisoner is my son—his bed-room is the second-floor back-room. On 23rd Aug., about twenty minutes to six o'clock, I heard a noise on the stairs—I called the police—they came up—I met my son on the second-floor landing—" Halloo, father!" said he—" Halloo!" said I, "what's amiss?"—"Nothing," said he—the police followed me up—I saw Hedges, and said, "What are you doing?"—he said "Nothing"—I saw some lead resting partly on the bannisters and partly on the ground—it had come from the roof—I gave the prisoners in charge.





WILLIAM HENRY WHICHER
. (policeman G 25). I was called, went on the stairs, and saw Murphy coming from the third-floor, Hedges two or three stairs from the top, and the lead lying on the staircase—Murphy's hands were black, as if he had been handling lead—I found some lead cut from the roof—I took up the lead I found on the stairs and compared it, it corresponded.





THOMAS SOLOMON
 (policeman G 54). I produce the lead—it weighs 1301bs.—I saw the prisoners on the stairs—the trap-door from the staircase to the roof was partly open—the lead corresponded with the roof—both prisoners' hands appeared as if they had been handling lead.

Hedges' Defence. Murphy asked me to go home and sleep with him; we got up at half-past five o'clock, and met his father on the stairs with two policemen; we had not touched the lead.





GEORGE ALLEN
 (policeman G 46). I produce a certificate of Murphy's conviction—(read—Convicted March, 1846, and confined six months)—he is the person—there was a former conviction produced against him then.

MURPHY—


GUILTY
. *—


Transported for Seven Years.


HEDGES—

GUILYTY
 †—



Confined Twelve Months.

