





916. 




FREDERICK CASTLE
 and 




RICHARD MORRIS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
3rd of Feb., 12 sacks, value 12s.; and 48 bushels of canary-seed, 20l.; the goods of 



Benjamin Smith and another; and 




JOHN CLEMENTS



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






JANE BROWN
. I am servant to Mr. Hartland, of Trigg-lane, Thames-street. On Friday, the 3rd of Feb., I was at one of our up-stairs' windows, about one o'clock—I could see Mr. Smith's warehouse very plainly indeed—I know the top of the shoot called the hopper—I saw Castle go and take the lid off the shoot—that did not attract my attention—I was called down—I did not see anything further—I afterwards gave the officer a description of the person I had seen.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When did you tell the officer? A. On the Friday afternoon—I went up to my own room just before one o'clock, and was up there some time—my room is two stories high—Mr. Smith's premises are higher than ours—I cannot say how wide the lane is—the houses are near to each other—all I saw was the man take the top off the shoot—he was facing me—he was quite level with our floor—the shoot is a very little way from the wall—there is no yard in the street—the shoot goes quite out to Trigg-lane—I did not see the man more than a minute or two—I am not mistaken in this.

MR. DOANE. Q. Had you seen Castle before? A. Yes, a great many times—I have no doubt that it was him that took off the lid of the hopper.





WILLIAM CUFFLEY
. I am warehouseman to Benjamin Smith and Son. On Friday, the 3rd of Feb., I went to dinner at a little past one o'clock, which is the time the men leave the warehouse for dinner—I then left eighteen sacks of canary-seed safe—I returned at a quarter past two—I directly saw some of the canary-seed was gone, I missed twelve sacks of it, and found twelve empty sacks there—the shoot goes out into Trigg-lane, and I found some marks of the seed in Trigg-lane, under the bottom of the shoot, where a small quantity of the seed had been spilt, and laid on the stones—there is a crane attached to the premises—a person could climb up that crane, and get in or out of the warehouse, and get to the loop-hole very easily—the loop-hole is large enough for a man to get in—I know Castle—he had no business at my masters that day, and had no right to be near this hopper—he had worked at Mr. Rathbone's, who is the proprietor of the wharf, but not at my master's.





JOHN BURR
. I am in the service of Mr. Rathbone, of Trigg-wharf. I

was on the premises on the 3rd of Feb.—I saw Castle come off the wharf about ten minutes or a quarter before two o'clock.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How many different persons' premises are there? A. Three—I merely saw Castle coming off the wharf—there is no thoroughfare there but merely a way to the three sets of premises—Mr. Smith's premises go from Thames-street, and Mr. Rathbone's go off the wharf.





WILLIAM HURCOMB
. I live in King-street, Borough, and am a carman. Our carts stand on Tower-hill—on Thursday, the 2nd of Feb., a man spoke to me, and on Friday I sent Burchell with ahorse and cart to Trigg-lane.





JOHN BURCHELL
. In consequence of what Mr. Hurcomb told me I took the horse and cart on Friday, the 3rd of Feb., to Trigg-lane—I got there about one o'clock—I waited a few minutes, and the prisoner Morris beckoned me—when I got up to him he told me to back under the shoot of Mr. Smith, in Trigg-lane—when I got under the shoot I saw some sacks thrown into the cart from somewhere above—they were then filled with canary-seed—Morris ordered me to load, and he assisted me—there were twelve sacks, and when they were filled, he told me to go towards Smithfield—I did so—some one came to me in Cheapside, and went with me—I saw Morris afterwards at the Horse and Groom yard in St John-street—I got there about three o'clock—I saw Clements there—I told Clements I must take the hoops off my cart, as I could not get under the gateway without—I do not remember that he said anything to that, but he told me to put the sacks into the stable, and I put them there.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you know the premises of the Horse and Groom which are kept by Clements? A. No—I saw some carts there—he made no secret of what he was doing—I left the stable-door open—I did not notice the name of any person on the sacks that the seed was in.

COURT. Q. What sort of premises are they? A. Large enough to hold a number of carts—there were several carts there—I did Dot see any ware-house.





JOHN HUGILL
 (City police-constable, No. 416.) I went to the Horse and Groom yard the next day—it appears like a stable-yard—there were several market-carts, and horses in the stable, and several countrymen about the yard—there was a very small warehouse—I saw Clements and another person—I said to Clements, "You have got twelve sacks of seed here, have not you?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "Will you show it me?"—he said, "Yes"—it was about twelve o'clock in the day—he got a light, and went and showed us the seed in the last stall in the stable—the farthest stall from St. John-street—Mr. Smith was with me—he identified the sacks of seed—I then asked Clements if he had got any note with them, or if they were booked—he said no, and he was not in the habit of booking articles—I asked who brought them—he said he did not know the party—he did not say any more, but came with me to the station—he said they were to be left till called for—I said they were stolen, and I must take them—he said, "Very well."

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. He gave you every information? A. Yes, and went to the station to see if he could identify the person who brought the sacks—he went voluntarily before the Magistrate, and afterwards went home—on the Thursday following he went voluntarily again, and then the Magistrate thought proper to change his place to that of a prisoner—from the beginning to the end there was no disposition to obstruct my endeavours on the part of Clements—he lent us every assistance he could.





DANIEL COCKERILL
 (City police-constable, No. 314.) I took Castle into

custody on Friday night, at the corner of Lambeth-hill—I said he must go with me to the station—I did not say what for—I had been to Jane Brown before, and it was in consequence of what she said, I took Castle—Castle afterwards said he saw Cuffley go to his dinner, and saw him come back—he said there had been a row about some seed before.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How far is the corner of Lambeth-hill from Trigg-wharf? A. About twenty yards.





CHARLES THOMAS GAYLER
 (City police-constable, No, 348.) I took Morris on Sunday evening—he said he knew nothing about it, he was miles away from the place at the time, but on Monday he said he had 6d. for his job.





WILLIAM SMITH
. I am the son of Benjamin Smith, he has one partner—I went with the officer to Clement's yard, and saw the sacks with my father's name on them.

Morris's Defence. I was out of work, and was walking along Thames-street; a man met me, who was coming from Trigg-lane with some keys; he asked me to assist in loading his cart with seed, and he would pay me, and I did so; and when I came out, he asked if I would help to unload it; I asked where it was going; he said, "To the Horse and Groom, in St. John-street;" I went, and left the cart under the shed, and he asked me to have a drop of beer; when I went back the cart was gone; I went on to St. John-street, and assisted in unloading it.
(Mr. Richard Meager, of Helmet-court, Upper Thames-street, gave Castle a good character.)

CASTLE—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.

MORRIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.





Transported for Seven Years.


CLEMENTS—


NOT GUILTY
.
