




1729. 



WILLIAM EDWARDS
 and 



MARY ANN SMITH
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 watch, value 16l. 16s., the goods of 



Balthazard Pouissin, from his person; and that Edwards had been before convicted of felony.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






BALTHAZARD POUISSIN
 I was in Lower Grosvenor-place about eleven o'clock at night on Sunday, the 3rd of Aug.—I saw the prisoner Smith—I think I addressed her, but I will not be sure—there was some conversation about the time of night, and in the course of that conversation I looked at my watch—it was a gold watch, and fastened round my neck with a string—I looked at it, and told her the time—we were then passing along Grosvenor-street, away from Ranelagh-street—I was induced by what Smith said to go back to Ranelagh-street, and went down Ranelagh-mews—I had not been there a moment when she wished to induce me to turn down a dark place, which I did—she held me by the coat, and wished me to proceed a little further—she then coughed twice, and that was followed by Edwards rushing down upon me—he held me by the arms, and said, "What are you ill-using the female for? what are you doing to her?" or words to that effect—I thought Smith had hold of my coat at that time—I struggled as violently as I could, and succeeded in extricating myself as soon as I could, but I had called "Police" two or three times—I walked three or four feet—passage from the mews leads to the back of some small houses in Ranelagh-street—Edwards went up the passage, but I saw him again instantly almost—I missed my watch the moment that the policeman approached me—I had scarcely recovered from the fright I was pat in when I saw the ring of my watch hanging to my guard—I said, "They have taken my watch"—it had been wrenched from the ring—I gave information to the policeman, and the prisoners, who had not gone more than a yard, were both taken—I know the houses Nos. 22 and 24 in Ra-nelagh-street—the backs of those houses come against the passage where I

was turning up with Smith—my watch was gold, engine-tamed, and chased round the edge—it was a large watch, not modern at all.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What did you go down this mews for? A. For no other purpose than to walk and talk with Smith—no liberties whatever had passed between us—there was another man, who I suspected was one of the party—he walked to the station, but I did not give him in charge—he was a respectable person, and could have nothing to do with it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What are you? A. A lieutenant in the army—it was thirty or forty yards from the place where I first met Smith to where she coughed—I live in Grosvenor-street, Westminster—I was then coming home from Park-road, Alpha-cottages—I had not been dining out—I went out in the afternoon—I had not been entertaining myself at all, nor drinking champagne—I had not spoken to anybody on my road—I was about 250 yards from my own home—I walked with Smith, and resisted going up the dark place—she gently invited me up, and rather pulled me up—I have never seen my watch since—the prisoners were taken about a yard off—I was alarmed when I heard the signal given—I thought it was some conspiracy for the purpose of extorting money—I did not see my watch go, nor feel it go—I had money with me—I had not offered any to Smith—she had not asked me for any—four or five minutes was the whole of the time I was with her—I was not to give her a sovereign—I never proposed giving her anything—she never proposed to go to any place, nor had I the slightest idea that she was a girl of the town—I did not see her face—it was concealed with a thick veil—the cough she gave was a hem, hem—I did not consider it natural, or I should not have noticed it—it was a signal, and therefore I felt alarmed.





JAMES BREEN
 (police-constable B 91.) I was in Ranelagh-street that night at the entrance of this mews—I did not see the prosecutor and Smith turn down the mews, but I heard the cough—I turned down the mews, and Edwards ran down before me as the cough was given—the moment Edwards went down the prosecutor turned out, and called, "Police"—he said he was robbed, and held up his guard, and showed it me—at that time Edwards might have turned down the dark passage, but I did not see it—I observed him running up the mews, and he was out of my sight for a moment or two—when the prosecutor made known his loss I turned down the court, and took both the prisoners there—the back of the houses in Ranelagh-street come to this court—Edwards could have thrown the watch to the back of those houses.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Who was the person who went to the station? A. A man who lived very near—I pass by his door on duty—I know him, but know nothing dishonest about him—he is an inhabitant of No. 9, Upper Ranelagh-street—it is not one of the first-rate houses—I see him going in and out the same as the rest of the inhabitants—that is all I know about him—I have never drunk with him, nor been in his company in public-houses—I have seen him since this, in the street—he asked me how this case went on—I told the prosecutor he could not have anything to do with it, because I had the parties apprehended when he came down—this was about a quarter past eleven o'clock at night—it was not very near the house of that person—I saw him coming through the square before the cry of "Police"—he has a lame step, and walks with a stick—he was close by when "Police" was called.


Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How many examinations were there in this case? A. Four—the prosecutor and I were examined the first time—I do not know how far it is from the police-office to the corner of York-street—I should say it is between thirty and forty yards from the mews to the back of the house No. 23, Ranelagh-street—I should think it is more than from the police-court to the end of York-street.





ELIZABETH BROWN
. I live at No. 23, Ranelagh-street, which is at the back of Ranelagh-mews. I know the turning out of Ranelagh-mews to the left—it goes to the back of our house—on the morning of Monday, the 4th of Aug., about half-past seven o'clock, I found a watch on the window cill of the next house to ours, which window comes into our yard—it was a yellow watch—whether it was gold or copper I could not tell—there were two cases to it—it was broken—there was no face to it, and no glass—it appeared to have been smashed down—it must have been thrown to the window—I picked it up, and took it down into the kitchen to the landlady, and after some conversation with her I put it back again—I have never seen it since—I thought there was the figure 11 on it.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. It was much bent, was it not? A. Yes—it appeared to have been compressed and very much broken—the outer case was broken on both sides—the inside glass was broken, and all the white was off the face.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. The only white part was the figure 11? A. Yes—I should say our yard is as far from Ranelagh-mews the police-office is from York-street.





MARK LOONES
 (police-constable B 70.) I know the prisoners—they associate together—I have seen them together frequently at all times of the night.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you seen them together within a week of this transaction? A. Yes—the last time was a week before this.





JAMES GEAGE
. I produce a certificate of Edwards's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read—Convicted 10th June, 1844, and confined nine months)—the prisoner is the person.

EDWARDS—


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Ten Years.


SMITH—


GUILTY
.—



Confined Six Months.

