




2153. 




THOMAS M'CARTHY
 and 




MARY DOHERTY
 were indicted for

 feloniously receiving of 



James Patrick Nagle, a sovereign, under pretence of obtaining for him a watch, which had been stolen from him; they not having caused the person by whom it was stolen to be apprehended.






JAMES PATRICK NAGLE.
 I keep a public-house, in Tower-street, Seven Dials. On the morning of the 24th of Aug., at a quarter before six o'clock, I went into a public-house, at the corner of Compton-street, with some friends—the two prisoners came in with two other women and a man—I had a watch in my pocket, and a man named Nolan, who was in his company with M'Carthy, amused himself with my watch-chain—he addressed me by name—I said, "I have no knowledge of you"—he said, "You know my father, I am the son of Mr. Nolan"—I said, "I know Mr. Nolan, I have not a knowledge of you"—Nolan was on my right sight, M'Carthy on my left, and Doherty was at some distance—I had some conversation with Nolan—a person there asked me if I were aware who I was in company with—I said

"No"—he said he was a convicted felon—M'Carthy knocked my friend down for saying that—I went to lift him up, and while lifting him up, my watch was stolen—M'Carthy left the house directly—he was taken in about thirty hours afterwards—he was remanded twice, and then discharged—he came to my house afterwards, and said if I was satisfied to pay what was lent on the watch, he would give me every information where it was—he appointed ten o'clock the next morning to meet me, and go along with me to Petticaot-lane, where he described it to be at a Jew's place—the next morning I sent to Bow-street for a policeman to come and watch—M'Carthy was punctual to his time, he came at ten o'clock—he said, "Are you ready now?"—I said, "Yes"—he said had I any objection to the female, Doherty, going with him—he called her Moll, or something, I do not know what—I asked him what he wished Doherty to go with me for—he said, "I will let you know now what you were not before aware of; she has admitted to me this morning that she received the watch from Nolan; that she went with another woman to Petticoat-lane, and there deposited it with a Jew for 4l. 10s."—I said I had no objection whatever to her coming, on the contrary, I was rather pleased that she would come—I knew she was the woman who had been with him at the public-house—he went out, and came in in about ten minutes with Doherty—he said, "This is Doherty"—I said,: Indeed; you know all about this watch?"—she said, "Yes, sir; I am very sorry it occurred; have you any objection to come with me to Petticoat-lane? if you have not, M'Carthy and I will go along with you"—we went, and at every watch-maker's shop she came to, she endeavored to point out a watch that was similar to mine—I was walking between Doherty and M'Carty, and the policeman was behind us—in going along Doherty admitted that she had been with Nolan; that he conveyed that watch to her, and she and another woman conveyed it to Petticoat-lane, and there left it in the hands of a Jew for 4l. 10s.—she said they did not sell it, but left it there till they ascertained whether I would drop it or not—that it was worth 40l., and they said they would pay the Jew 4l. 10s. with interest, and get the watch—we went to a public-house opposite Petticoat-lane, and Doherty said, "I will go and let the Jew know; have you got the money?"—I said, "Yes"—she went away and returned in about half an hour—she said, "The Jew has not got the watch on his own premises; he will have it in half an hour"—she then said that house was too light, and we went to another house, and staid there half an hour—M'Carthy then said the half hour was gone, and he would go and speak to the Jew—he said he would probably sooner come for M'Carthy than he would for Doherty—he went out, and he returned and said, "I saw the watch, what a pity it is that the ring is broken"—I said, it did not matter—he said, "The Jew hesitates in coming up; I may succeed in bringing him up; but if he comes you must not notice him"—I said, "I will not; if he comes I will take no notice of him"—Doherty then said, "You had better let us have the whole amount, and we will go down to the Jew and get the watch and bring it up"—I said, "No, I will not; I will leave it with the landlord"—Doherty then said, "You had better let us have a sovereign"—I produced a sovereign and put it on the table—Doherty said, "We had better both be off"—M'Carthy said, "I will take the sovereign and go"—Doherty said, "No; I will go with you, and show you the Jew and his house and place"—I went out with Doherty, leaving M'Carthy and the sovereign—Doherty went some distance, and she shoed me a respectable looking man sitting on a tailor's shop-board—she said, "That is the man, and

that is the house; we will not go past that house"—there was a respectable lady going into the house—Doherty said, "I thought she would go in; don't take notice"—I passed on, and soon after I met Mr. Phillips—I told him what brought me there—I went with him to the top of the street, and left Doherty and M'Carthy in the public-house—Mr. Phillips and I returned to the Jew's place—we went in, and I accused him of having the watch—he was quite indignant, and said he did not understand me—I retuned to the public-house and the prisoners were gone—I went to the West-end of the town, and found the prisoners, about two hours afterwards in a water-closet in Hopkins-street, St. Peter-street, St. James's—I have not got the watch.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN.
Q. How long have you been in London? A. Seven years—it was not an early time to go to treat any friends on the morning of 24th of Aug.—I believe I had been up all night—I had not been treating myself—the prisoners were not discharged on account of the state of drunkenness I was in—it was because I had not got my material witness, who was in Scotland—Doherty was taken first that morning—it was Doherty that suggested, by my giving a sovereign to them, the Jew might be induced to come—I put it on the table—that was at the Horn of Plenty—I gave them a glass of gin each; and at the Horn of Plenty of M'Carthy had a cigar, and Doherty had a glass of ginger-beer, and so had I.

M'Carthy. Q. Did you not send a person down to me on the Monday night? A. No; it was my brother asked you into my parlour; I was at my books.





JAMES DAVIS
 (policeman, F 134) I received notice, and went to the prosecutors—I saw M'Carthy first—he said, "It is time for us to be going"—he then went outside—soon after Doherty came and they all went out—I followed them to Petticoat-lane—Doherty went down the lane, and returned in about half an hour and went into the public-house—they then all three came out and went to another public-house—they went out and returned, and I missed the prisoners all on a sudden—I was following Nagle—we knew if we could get the receiver, we could get the prisoners any time.





JOSEPH DALTON
 (City policeman, 366.) I watched Doherty—I did not see her go into any Jew's house.

M'CARTHY †—


GUILTY. Aged 19.

DOHERTY*—


GUILTY. Aged 20.





Transported for Seven years


