



897. 




WILLIAM WARD
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 


Henry Samuels, on the 
25th of February, at 
St. Mary, Whitechapel, and stealing therein 2 gowns, value 10s.; 2 petticoats, 5s.; 3 bed-gowns, 7s.; 2 pairs of stays, 5s.; 2 aprons, 1s.; 1 gown-skirt, 2s.; 1 scarf, 1s.; 1 pair of stockings, 1s.; 1 pair of trowsers, 5s.; 1 waistcoat, 1s. 6d.; and 1 pair of drawers, 1s. 6d.; his goods; and that he had been before convicted of felony.







JULIA HANNAH FRANCES HANCOCK
. I am servant to Mr. Henry Samuels, a surgeon, living in Mansel-street, Whitechapel. On Saturday, the 25th of Feb., between eight and nine o'clock, I was going up stairs, and observed a man in the second floor front room, standing up in an arm-chair—the room-door was open, and the room was in a state of disorder—I saw some clothes scattered up at the further end of the room, by the wardrobe—the man was standing on the chair round the corner of the room—thinking it was the boy that used to clean our knives and go errands, I said, "For God's sake, Jem, what a fool you are to frighten me"—he turned round, and said, "It is only me, ma'am, it is only me, ma'am"—I turned round and held a candle-shade up, which I had in my hand, and saw it was the prisoner—he rushed by me—I followed him down to the drawing-room, calling out, "Master! thieves!"—he made a kind of stop—I went to catch hold of him—he struck at me with his fist, and rushed down to the passage-door—I went to catch hold of him again—he kicked me, and rushed out of the house—I opened the door, and rushed out—my master came directly, but he was out of the house before my master could open the door—he was brought back by a constable in about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour—I am sure he is the person that was in the room—I could see his features by the light I had—our street-door is kept open till between eight and nine o'clock, we then close it—there is a passage-door a little further in, that is the door the prisoner ran out at—it was shut about a quarter of an hour before, when I took some coals into the parlour, for the parlour-door is close to it, and I should have seen if it had been open—I can swear it was shut—it shuts with a latch-lock, which catches—I had not been in the bed-room since five—it was then in order, and every thing in its place—there were no clothes on the floor, they were in a drawer against the window—these clothes now produced are my master's and mistress's—this gown, pair of trowsers, and stays, were in the arm-chair at five, where I saw the prisoner standing.

Prisoner. Q. What can you swear to me by? A. Both by your features and your dress—I held the shade in your face.





EMMA SKINNER
. I am in Mr. Samuels' service—I went up stairs with Hancock on this evening—the went into master's room, I did not—I went up the next flight of stairs—I heard her say, "Good God! Jem, what a fool you are, to frighten me so"—I stood on the stairs a few moments, and saw the prisoner rush by, and run down stairs—he is the person I am sure—I followed him down stairs—I know this lavender gown, it is my mistress's—it was in the bottom drawer, in her bed-room—I had seen it there that morning—all the things were kept in the drawers, except a pair of trowsers, a green dress, and a pair of stays—I had seen them in that room that morning—after the prisoner was brought back and taken to the station, I went and looked at the room—the wardrobe-door was open, likewise the bottom drawer, and quite empty—I had not been in the room to take any things out—master and mistress and several friends were in the house.





JOSEPH GARRETT
. I live with Mr. Levy, a watchmaker in Prescott-street. On Saturday evening I was passing Mr. Samuels' house, and saw the prisoner run out of it—I am sure it was him—I did not know him before—I can tell him by his dress—he ran down the same side of the way—Mr. Samuels came out, and hallooed, "Where is he?"—some young man said, "He is gone that way," pointing towards Whitechapel—Mr. Samuels went that way—I said, "He is not gone that way, he is gone towards Prescott-street"—Mr. Samuels ran across the road, towards Vinegar-alley, which was

not the way the prisoner had gone—no one went after the prisoner, they went the wrong way.

Prisoner. Q. What dress had I on? A. A sleeve waistcoat, low shoes, white stockings, and a hat—I saw you run out of the house.





ROBERT GOODHIND
 (police-constable H 21.) On the 25th of Feb. I was coming into Mansel-street, out of Haydon-square, about half-past eight o'clock in the evening, and the prisoner ran by me, coming from Mansell-street—I afterwards heard a cry of "Stop thief!"—I immediately pursued the prisoner, and took him in Haydon-square, by the side of the church—I brought him back to Mr. Samuel's, and both the girls identified him as the person that had been in the house—he said he was not the person that had been in Mr. Samuel's house—I had not said anything to him, at that time, about Mr. Samuels—I took him up stairs, where the property was taken out of the drawers, and found it lying on the floor, close by the wardrobe—I took it up from the floor, and have produced it—the prosecutor's house is in the parish of St. Mary, Whitechapel.





HILLS JOHNSON
. I am a policeman. I was at Denmark-street station on Sunday, when the prisoner was confined there—I went to the cell to take another lad there—he was dancing—I said, "You are merry, my lad"—he said, "Yes, I am; I may as well be merry as sad"—as I was coming away, he said, "I suppose to-morrow I shall be locked up in Newgate"—I said, "Most likely you will, if the case is proved clear against you"—he said, "Yes, but though they saw me in the room, they can't swear to me, and I never brought anything away with me."

Prisoner's Defence. Is it likely, if a person was guilty, they would say such a thing to a policeman? everybody knows that the least thing they discover directly to the inspector; I might as well have told the Magistrate at once.





CHARLES BURGESS
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at the trial—he is the same person.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

