



2530. 




LEONARD HAYDON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
6th of October, 1 box, value 5s.; 5 pairs of trowsers, value 1l.; 1 shirt, value 1s.; 2 pairs of shoes, value 3s.; 2 books, value 18s.; 1 cap, value 2s.; 2 night-gowns, value 3s.; 6 pairs of socks, value 5s.; 1 frock, value 15s.; 1 petticoat, value 10s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 2s.; 1 card-case, value 1s.; the goods of 



William Gray: and 2 collars, value 35s.; 2 yards of lace, value 5s.; 1 pair of mittens, value 1s.; and 1 cap, value 15s.; the goods of 



William Hickson.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH MATILDA GRAY
. I am the wife of William Gray, and live with him at Northampton. On the 6th of October I came with Mrs. Hickson and her little boy, by the Gravesend steam-packet, to London—I arrived at half-past five o'clock, and got to Fish-street-hill, and there took a hackney-coach, which the prisoner drove—I had a deal box among my luggage, with a wrapper over the top and sides—it was placed on the foot-board of the coach—I was driven to No. 20, West Smithfield—I got down, and my friend paid the coach—I supposed my luggage was out of the coach, but I missed the box a very short time after the coach was gone—the things stated in the indictment were in it, and amongst them a pair of mittens, marked with gold and silver on the backs—I have a pair here (produring a pair) bought at the same time, and of the same pattern—there were some things of Mrs. Hickson's with mine—her husband's name is William—there was a cap, two yards of lace, and two collars belonging to her—I saw the prisoner again on the Thursday, two days after, in Newgate-street, and knew him immediately—he was driving a hackney-coach—I took the number of it, and gave the number to Mr. Hickson, and he informed the police of it—the value of my things is about 13l., and Mrs. Hickson's, about 3l.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. What boat did you come by? A. The Topaz—that left Gravesend about three o'clock—we arrived about half-past five o'clock, and then took this coach—I cannot say how long I was getting to Smithfield—it was about six o'clock—I saw the prisoner's father in custody before the Justice, and the father was let off—I saw the man plainly—I believe the prisoner is the man.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you any doubt at all about it? A. No—his father was an old man—I never said his father was the man.





SARAH SMITH
. I am in the service of Mrs. Webb, who lives at No. 115,

Commercial-road, Lambeth. The prisoner and his wife lodged with us—on the 6th of October, between nine and ten o'clock in the evening, the prisoner brought the coach home—he had a deal box with him, such a one as ladies use to put clothes in—it was corded at the top and sides, and covered with a piece of light wrapper—he took it up into his own room—on the Thursday after that, the prisoner's father came to the house and brought back the box—I do not know who had taken it away—I kept it in my room till the prisoner's wife came, and she took it up stairs.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you any thing to do with No. 114, Commercial-road? A. No—MRS. Webb keeps Nos. 114 and 116—I am servant at two of them, Nos. 115 and 116—I am not married—I was married—my husband is alive as far as I know—he does not live with me, he is thread—upon my oath the prisoner's father did not bring the box home the first time—my mistress and a little boy were present when the prisoner brought it—my mistress was in the front parlour—I opened the door—she did not come out of the parlour.





MARY ANN WEBB
. I keep the houses Nos. 114, 115, and 110, Commercial-road. The prisoner and his wife came to lodge with us about two years ago. On Tuesday, the 6th of October, I remember the prisoner driving up with the coach—I did not go out to see what he brought—on the Thursday week his father brought a deal box, papered, and covered with a wrapper, and the prisoner's wife took it up stairs.

Cross-examined. Q. How could you see it was papered? A. The wrapper did not go to the bottom—I will swear I did not see the prisoner bring the box—I saw the coach he brought it in—I had seen the coach once when the prisoner brought it to the door.





FREDERICK JAHRNS
. I am the ostler at Jermyn's stables, in Kennington-place. The prisoner drives a coach for my master. On the Wednesday, before I went before the Magistrate, I was walking with the prisoner from twelve o'clock to a quarter after, up Lambeth-walk—he produced a pair of mittens marked with silver and gold—they were like these produced by Mrs. Gray—he said some one had ransacked his coach over, but they had not found what he had, which was the pair of gloves—I said, "Let me look at them?" and he showed them to me—my brother was with me.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he tell you about having a sailor and a girl in his coach? A. No.





CHARLES JAHRNS
. I was with my brother—these are similar mittens to those the prisoner showed me.

MR. DOANE
called


MR. CROSSFIELD. I am a solicitor, living near the London Hospital, Whitechapel-road. On the 6th of October I arrived from Gravesend—I engaged the prisoner to drive me home, at a quarter or ten minutes to five o'clock—on my way home I had to pass Whitechapel church clock—by that it was exactly a quarter past five o'clock—I live a little below the church, and he drove me to my door—it was about twenty minutes past five o'clock when he was paid-off.

JURY. Q. What time did you leave Gravesend? A. By the two o'clock boat, and arrived at half-past four o'clock, but it was after that I took the coach.
James Fletcher, coffee-house keeper, London-road, gave the prisoner a good character.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.
