




2392. 




MARY LYNCH
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
30th of August, 1 watch, value 3l. 10s.; 1 watch-chain, value 1l.; 2 seals, value 9s.; and 1 watch-key, value 1s.; the goods of 



Phillip Garrod, from his person: and 





RACHAEL JONES



, for receiving the same, well knowing them to hare been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






PHILLIP GARROD
. I am a sailor belonging to the Gleaner, of Yorkshire. On Sunday morning, the 31st of August, I arrived in town from Hull—I was in Tooley-street that night, and met Lynch—we got into conversation, and I went home with her to Brewer's, turning Vine-yard—I am sure I had my watch when I went into the house—we had very little conversation—she asked me for money—I told her I had none—the asked me to leave ray jacket—I said, "No, I will leave my watch in pawn," but I did not give my watch to heir—she afterwards left the room, and was absent about four minutes, and when she came up she asked me for my watch—I felt for it, and it was gone—I am sure I had it when I went to the house—an alarm was made, the landlady of the house came up, and a policeman was called in—they searched the room, but found no watch—they searched over the house and presently the prisoner Jones came into the room—I had not noticed her before—she was not new my person, but the watch was found in her bosom (produced)—this is it—nobody but Lynch had been near me.

Jones. I went into the room, he was there by himself, and gave me the watch to take down, to leave for the girl and himself. Witness. I never saw her—I had had a little drop of drink, but knew what I was doing.





JOHN SHANNON
. I am a policeman. On the Sunday in question I was called in, and found the prosecutor and Lynch there—the whole of the house was searched, but I could not find the watch—the prosecutor stated what he has to-day—I searched Lynch in the house, and found no watch—he persisted in saying she must have taken it, and while I was there Jones came into the house, and sat on a chair behind the door—I knew they were generally together, and had seen them twenty minutes before they met the prosecutor, together—I put my hand outside her

bosom, felt the watch, and drew it out—she said it had been left with her by a young man, to stop with her all night, and denied its being the prosecutor's at all, till she got to the station-house—the prosecutor appeared to be sober, and to know what he was about.

Lynch. I had been out in the yard, and did not see this young man at all; while I went down Jones went up, and he gave it to her, but I did not know it. I went up, and said, "Are you going to do as you said?" and he missed it; and when Jones came in, she said he had given her the watch.

Jones's Defence. When I came into the room he was there by himself, and said he had no money, but he gave me the watch to take down to the landlady; I went down, and there being a row, I went out in the street without giving it to the landlady, as she was in bed.

LYNCH†—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

JONES*—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

