





1297. 




THOMAS KERR,



 SARAH ROSE
, and 




SARAH LAMB
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 bonnet, 1s.; 1 cap, 3d.; 1 pair of boots, 3d.; and 1 book, 1s.; the goods of 



Henry Kerr: and 1 pair of shoes, 6d.; the goods of 



Ellen Kerr; and that Lamb had been previously convicted of felony.






JAMES WOOD
 (police-constable M 227.) On the 8th of April I saw the three prisoners in East-street, Hoxton, coming from the City-road—the females had no cap or bonnet on their heads—they went to No. 13, East-road together—Kerr knocked at the door—the female prisoners then left him, and waited six or seven yards off—he was let in immediately after—I watched the women—after he had been in about a minute he came to the door, and let them in—when they had been in six or seven minutes Rose came out, and looked round to see if she could see any one—not seeing any one she went to the door again, and the other two came out, joined her, and all came away together—Lamb had a bonnet and cap on—I took another constable with me, followed, took them into custody sixty or seventy yards off, and brought them to the station—on Rose I found this bonnet, pair of boots, book, and collar, and a book, cap, and pair of shoes on Lamb—I said, "What are you going to do with the boots?"—she said she brought them from home, and was going to take them to pawn—she said she had them given her in St. Luke's workhouse, and the collar was her brother's, that she had brought from home—No. 13 is the house of Kerr's father.

Rose. The collar belonged to me; I did not mention my brother; I have do brother; he has said several times he will get me transported.





ELLEN KERR
. I am the prisoner's sister. I live with my father, Henry Kerr, at No. 13, East-row, Hoxton—I do not know the female prisoners—this bonnet, cap, pair of boots, and book are my sister's—she is not here—I do not know why—on the day this happened I and my sister were gone to a tea party in the City—I returned home about ten o'clock—the persons up stairs were at home to let in my brother—all the family were out that evening—the collar belongs to my youngest brother—my brother always lives with my father—the family do not allow him to take any thing to pawn that I know of.

Kerr. Q. What do you swear to the boots by? A. Because there are no tags on them—there is no mark on them—they only appear like—I know the bonnet to be my sister's—I can confidently swear to it—my own is the same pattern—I never knew my sister allow you to pledge things.

Prisoner Kerr. This case is not prosecuted with my father's consent; she has come here to try to get me transported, if possible. My mother said, if I promised not to do any thing of the sort again, she would not do anything.

Rose's Defence. I met Kerr at the end of Pitfield-street. He asked us to go home with him: we would not: he said, "I don't care about your coming, to long as Lamb comes." I followed him. He said, "Wait at the corner till I see if any one is at home." He took us down in the kitchen, and said, "Don't make such a noise;" the bonnet was hanging up; he gave it to Lamb; he gave me the boots from under the table; he said, "My sister will not wear them." He took Lamb into the parlour, and wanted her to take the table-cloths out of the drawers; he said, he wanted to serve the old rogue out;—I ran out of the passage; he might have called a policeman if he did not want us in; he said, "Don't go out till we all go out together;" he said, "I can't get any money."






THOMAS BROWN
 (City police-constable, No. 215.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Lamb's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at the trial—she is the person.

KERR—


GUILTY
.* Aged 17.

ROSE—


GUILTY
.* Aged 17.

LAMB—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.






Transported for Seven Yean.

