



360. 




JAMES WELCH



, feloniously assaulting 



Seelie Young, puttingher in fear, and stealing from her person, and against her will, 1 reticule, value 1s.; 2 purses, value 5s.; 4 sovereigns, 8 half-crowns, 40 shillings, 40 sixpences, and 1 5l. note; the property of 



Richard Young; having been before convicted.







SEELIE YOUNG.
 I am the wife of Richard Young, of Clapham. On Thursday, 25th Nov., about a quarter to one o'clock in the day, I was in a street near Brick-lane—I had a bag in my hand—the string was twisted three times very tightly round my wrist, and the bag was tight in my hand—there were two purses in it—one was empty, and the other had a 5l. note, four sovereigns, and between 4l. and 5l. in silver in it—the prisoner came up to me, and wrenched the bag out of my hand—I am sure he is the man—I held it very tight—he tore it from me and hurt my hand—I ran after him, and called "stop thief!"—he ran down a street—I got very near him—he turned round twice and looked at me, and then went up some steps into a house—I saw no more of him—the reticule was mine, and the money my husband's—I did not follow him into the house, because such a mob came round me—I was very much frightened and alarmed.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN.
Q. Was it wet? A. No, a fine sunshiny day—the person came up by the side of me—I did not see him till the bag was rent, and then his back was to me—I saw his face when he wrenched the bag—it was in my left hand, which was towards the street—I did not see him till he made a snatch at the bag—I think there were two snatches—he had it off in an instant—he did not get far from me—I was so terrified I cannot tell whether he had left the street before he turned round—he wore a hat and a brown coat—on the following Tuesday I was taken to Worship-street by Hughes—he told me the person who had taken my bag was in custody—I saw him in the cell, and recognised him.





EDWARD THOMAS ROGERS.
 I am a bell-hanger. At this time I lived in Redman-row, Stepney—on 25th Nov., about one o'clock, I was standing in Thrall-street, about one door out of Brick-lane—it runs into Brick-lane—there were two girls of the town standing so as to eclipse Mrs. Young, but I saw her hands and arms and her bag—the prisoner came across the road—I saw him stoop, snatch the bag, run down Thrall-street, and put it into his hat—Mrs. Young ran so fast that I thought it was one of his pals, one of the girls, till I heard a cry of "Stop thief!"—when I got half-way down, the same two girls began to knock me about the face and head, and some men too, and I did not pursue him—I am quite certain the prisoner is the man—I picked him out of the cell from twelve or fourteen others—he was in a different dress.

Cross-examined. Q. You had never seen him before? A. Not to my knowledge—I was not on the same side of the street as Mrs. Young—I was as far as the remote corner of this Court from her—he passed me about a couple of yards off—I saw the lady running before I heard the cry—I only saw what was snatched from her hand, and her hands and arms—I should have held the prisoner if I had not thought she was one of his pals—I saw him next on the Monday about the middle of the day—a notice was left at my house that the person I saw was taken—two policemen and the gaoler took me into the yard—I saw a policeman before I went—I never said the prisoner had a blue cap on—I did not hear the lady say he had a hat, at the police-office—I saw him take a hat from his head—he wore cord trowsers and a sort of frock-coat, brown—I will not swear it was a frock-coat—at the station he had on cord trowsers, a brown cap, and a blouse.





THOMAS HUGHES
 (policeman, H 52.) On 25th Nov. I was at the station—Mrs. Young came and gave a description of a party who had robbed her—on Monday morning, 29th Nov., about half-past six o'clock, I met the

prisoner, and told him I wanted him for robbing a lady in Brick-lane—he said he knew nothing of it—I gave him to another constable, and asked where he lived—he said, in Blue-anchor-yard, Rosemary-lane—I went there, and received a basket of china and glass, and two waistcoats, new or nearly so—he said they were his.

Cross-examined. Q. Did the basket appear as if he had been selling china? A. It appeared as if it had been bought for hawking—it was full—when I took him he wore a sort of brown Taglioni coat, corduroy trowsers, and a woollen Guernsey over his shirt.





PATRICK MADDEN
 (policeman, H 160.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted April, 1847, and confined six months)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.




GUILTY. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

