



1217. 




WILLIAM PINFOLD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
7th of January, 1 purse, value 2s. 6d.; 4 shillings, and 4 pence; the property of 



John Thomas Brigg; from the person of 



Martha Sarah Brigg: and that he had been before convicted of felony.






SARAH BRIGG
. I am the wife of John Thomas Brigg, of Lamb's-passage, Chiswell-street. On the 7th of January I sent my daughter Martha Sarah, about four o'clock in the afternoon, for a quartern loaf—she is six years old—I gave her a crown-piece in a steel purse—in about ten minutes I heard her scream, and then she screamed again—I went out, and Palmer told me something—the child had the basket and loaf, and she ought to have had 4s. 4d., but she had nothing—she said they had taken it out of her hand.





ELIZA ROBERTS
. I am the wife of George Roberts, a baker in Chiswell-street. The little girl came to me for the loaf—I gave her four shillings and four pence change—she left me with the purse, money and loaf in the basket.





THOMAS JOHN PALMER
. I live in Cooper's-court, Wilson-street. On the 7th of January I was in Lamb's-passage, Chiswell-street, about half-past four o'clock—I saw the prisoner and two other persons taking away the money from the child, who had a basket, and a loaf of bread in it—I saw the prisoner put his hand on the child's face, and Wood, who has been convicted, took the money from her.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What were you doing? A. I was going along, to go over the water—I can swear that I recollect the prisoner, I saw him for about three minutes—I saw him again at the station-house

one Saturday, I cannot recollect how long ago—I swear he is the person—I had never seen him before this.





ROBERT EDWARD DOCKING
. I keep the Coach and Horses public-house. A little before five o'clock that evening, the prisoner and two other persons came to my house for some ale—MRS. Brigg came in soon after, and asked if such persons had been there, I said, "Yes," and they were gone out the back-way—while they were in my house a woman came to the door and beckoned them out—they went out and left the ale and money behind—they at first called for a pint, and the prisoner told me to make a pot of it.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know it was the 7th of January? A. Because the time was taken notice of—I had a friend in the bar, and when they were called out I took notice of it—I gave evidence in the case of Wood and the other about a week after—they were taken on the Monday following.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-constable G 20.) I apprehended the other two prisoners on the 13th of January, in Cherry-tree-alley—this prisoner stood opposite, and when I took the female he ran away—I have been looking for him ever since.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you not know where he lived? A. Yes—I have been there repeatedly, and to other places—I know where his father lives, and have inquired there for him.





WILLIAM COOK
 (police-constable N 96.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the Sessions-house, Clerkenwell—(read)—the prisoner is the person who was tried.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.
