




31. 




JONAS HAYNES
 was indicted

 for a robbery, with violence, on 



Catherine Bissett, and stealing a bag, I handkerchief, I purse, and 1 glove, value 5s.; 1 half-crown, 1 sixpence, and an order for the payment of 50l.; her property.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






CATHERINE BISSETT
. I am single, and live at 11, Gloucester-terrace, Kensington-gate. On the afternoon of 3rd Nov., at ten minutes before one o'clock, I was coming through Kensington-gardens, along the flower-walk, which is the most public walk in the gardens, between Mount-gate and Kensington, abutting on the park-railings—I had a reticule tied very tightly round my left wrist, containing a 50l. and a 10l. check, a half-crown, a sixpence, and a small bill of my poulterer's—there was a small alcove in the gardens, which I had passed some yards—I had not seen any one in it but a woman, whose appearance I did not like—I did not hear any footstep after passing the alcove, but I felt a tremendous blow on the right shoulder, which knocked me flat on the ground, and when I was down I saw a man, who I most solemnly declare before God, is the prisoner, stoop over me—I held the reticule very tight, but after a struggle the string broke, and he got it off my wrist—as it was turned topsey turvey one of the checks dropped out—he dropped a black glove of his own, which the park-keeper picked up—I am now suffering so much from the effects of the violence, that it is with the greatest pain I give my evidence—my arm was bruised.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTONE. Q. You saw no person till you were knocked down? A. No—the blow was not sufficient to stun me—I was not frightened because I have great presence of mind—I was very much agitated at the thoughts of losing my money—I did not feel the blow at all though it knocked me down—I will be just to the prisoner; he did not hurt me after I was down, he only struggled to get the bag—if he had wished to kill me, he might have done it in a moment—the string broke in a very short time—I gave immediate information to the park-keeper—I heard the prisoner was in custody when the policeman came in the evening; he asked if I was the lady that had been robbed—Mr. Herries, the bankers' clerk, said they had the man in custody, and when I went to the police-office the prisoner was there—that was between two and three o'clock the next day.





MOSES BENJAMIN
. I am foreman to Mr. Myers, clothier, of Wigmore-street. On Friday, 3rd Nov., about two o'clock, the prisoner came there to purchase a suit of clothes—they came to 6l. I think—he produced a 50l. check to pay for them—I asked him where he got it—he said his mistress had given it him in part payment for his wages, and he had to receive a certain portion, he intended to get the cheque changed, and to return the other—I was not satisfied, and called Mr. Myers, and gave him the cheque—he took a cab down to St. James's, to learn something about the cheque—I kept the prisoner there during that time—he was then given into custody—I noticed that he had only one glove, that was a dark one—on the following evening I found this purse under our show-board.





JAMES HANDLEY
 (policeman, D 199). I took the prisoner into custody at Mr. Myers' shop—I asked him where he got the check from—he said he should not answer me any questions—he had only one glove—that was found in his pocket—this is it—the other glove was given me by the park-keeper—the two correspond—I also produce the purse.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he afterwards say he had picked up the check in the gardens? A. In the park.





JAMES MEEK
. I am gate-keeper at Kensington-gardens—I picked up the glove that has been produced, and a string of the reticule on the flower-walk.






CATHERINE BISSKTT

re-examined. This is my check—the purse is also mine, and is my sister's making.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


Before Lord Chief Justice Denman.
