



572. 




GEORGE HALLETT, alias


WITLING

, was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
20th of January, 4 1/2 yards of kerseymere, value 15s., the goods of 



Thomas Brown; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN CLARK
. I am a tailor, and live in Chapel-court, Jewry-street, Aldgate. On the 20th of January, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I was in Aldgate, and saw the prisoner near Mr. Brown's shop—I saw him go to a block which stood inside the door, take off two pieces of kerseymere from it, and go along Aldgate with them—I walked several yards by the side of him, looked at him very hard, and he looked at me—I then collared him, saying, "You villain, you did not come by these honestly"—he instantly dropped them, and said, "Pray sir, pray sir, let me go"—a young man came up at the time, and picked them up—the prisoner broke my hold, and ran into Duke-street—I ran after him, calling, "Stop thief!"—a young man stopped him—I collared him, and took him into Mr. Brown's—a policeman was sent for, and the prisoner given into custody—the pieces of cloth were brought to the shop.

Prisoner. He said in the shop that he did not see the person take the cloth. Witness. I did not say so—I am quite sure he is the person—he ran up Duke-street, and a young man stopped him, in my sight—I did not fall down.





GEORGE MEDWIN
. I am foreman to Thomas Brown. These pieces of kerseymere belong to him—they were pinned on a coat-block inside the door, with a ticket on each.

Prisoner. Q. Is that the same cloth that was on the block? A. It is—I did not make any mistake, and take the wrong cloth to the station—

my attention was called to the block before the cloth was brought back, and I missed it—the block was not beyond the door-post.





WILLIAM DOWNING
 (City police-constable, No. 658.) I received the prisoner in custody, at Mr. Brown's shop, with these two pieces of cloth.

Prisoner's Defence. I heard the cry of "Stop thief," and pursued; a young man stopped me; I said, "Don't stop me, I am running after another person;" and I told Clark when he took me that he was mistaken in the party; he stated at the station that he fell down, and lost sight of the person, and now he says he never lost sight of him.





WILLIAM SMITH
 (City police-constable, No. 558.) I was present in the New Court in October last when the prisoner was tried—I was a witness against him—I produce a certificate of his conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—the prisoner is the person there mentioned, at which trial I was present—(read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.
