



998. 




CHARLES JOHN HINTON
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Robert Carr, on the 
4th of February, at 

Camberwell, and stealing therein 5 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns, 4 crowns, 24 half-crowns, 30 shillings, 20 sixpences, and 3 5l. Bank-notes, his monies.






ROBERT CARR
. I am a publican, and live at the Orchard public-house at Peckham, in the parish of Camberwell. On Tuesday, the 4th of February, at half-past nine o'clock at night, I discovered a drawer in my bed-room broken open, and a piece broken off the drawer—I had seen it safe the night before—there was then a 10l. note of the Hitchin bank, with three 5l. Bank notes, and 12l. in gold and silver, all in a purse—there were some sovereigns, and some halves—I had received the notes from my wife on the 30th—the 5l. notes and money were gone, but the Hitchin note was left in the room by the window—the person must have got in at the window, which was pulled down again as before—the room is on the first floor—a ladder must have been used, or he must have climbed up by some palings—there were some black finger-marks on one door-post, and marks of shoes on the brick-work near the window—I had no other 5l. notes except what I received from my wife—the prisoner lived opposite my window—I had only taken the house four days, and knew, him only that time—I have seen him in the house about six times—he is a lamp-lighter, I believe.





HARRIET CARR
. I am the prosecutor's wife. I had seen the drawer at half-past five o'clock on the evening of the 3rd or 4th of February—I looked into it, saw the money safe, locked it, and put the key into my pocket—there was then 37l. in a canvass bag—we lost all but the 10l. Hitchin note—I saw the three 5l. notes at Union-hall last Saturday—I had had them from the savings' bank—MR. Musgrave had taken the numbers down when I received them—I had opened the purse to take some money out—I left 37l. in—I counted it—we had only gone into the house on the Friday.





THOMAS MUSGRAVE MUSGRAVE
. I went with the prosecutrix to the savings' bank out the 25th of January, and received three 20l. and four 5l. Bank-notes, with some gold and silver—I took the numbers of the 5l. notes—this is the memorandum—(looking at it)—the 5l. notes were Nos. 02903, 02904, 02905, 02906, all dated, "13th July, 1839"—I gave

Mrs. Carr the money immediately—I did not mix it with any other—I merely went there to identify her, having taken the money there myself formerly.





EDWARD CALVER
. I am assistant to Edward Benton, a gun-smith in the Strand. The prisoner came to our shop on the 5th of February, and bought two six-barrelled pistols—they came to 14l. 10l.—he gave me three 5l. notes—I changed one note, and gave two to my employer—I wrote on them the address of the person he said he came from, "John Oldfield, Esq., Springfield-place, Champion-hill, Camber well"—I wrote that on the notes—these are the three notes—(looking at them)—they have that writing on them, but part of it is stamped out—I put "Champion-hill" on them, I left out "Springfield-place"—he gave me the address to call for an order for three guns—he came back to change the pistols, and wanted to lose 3l. on them—I said we did not do that sort of business, and he said, "You will lose nothing by it, if you call on J. Oldfield, Esq., he will give you an order for three guns"—I then took down the address again—I am certain these are the notes—I gave two of the notes to Mr. Beaton afterwards, I paid one away to a Mr. Crawford—he is not here—I saw the notes again at Union-hall—I am sure the prisoner is the man.





THOMAS PHILLIPS
. I am a clerk in the Bank. These notes were paid in on the 16th, 17th, and 26th of February—we never have duplicate notes of the same Nos. and date.





WILLIAM SUTTON
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody on Sunday week at the Black Horse public-house, Sidcomb, near Eltham, about eleven miles from the prosecutor's—I told him he was charged with stealing a pair of pistols from Mr. Benton, and also with a robbery at the Orchard—I took out the handcuffs and he began to cry, but said nothing—as I was bringing him home in a cab he told me he had pawned a pair of pistols at Mr. Hargood's, one pistol and a watch at Mr. Dicker's, and one pair of pistols he had broken and thrown into the canal by the Globe-bridge—he said if I would give him a piece of paper he would write it down for me, and he did so at the station-house—I found 1l. 13s. on him, and a knife—this is the paper I saw him write—(read)—"Pistols at Mr. Hargood's, first pawnbroker past the Bricklayer's Anns; watch at Mr. Dicker's, Dover-road, near the turnpike; pistols 17s., watch 30s."—I have known the prisoner six or seven years—he lives next door but one to me, and has done so all his life.





JAMES HARGOOD
. I am a pawnbroker—the prisoner pawned a pair of doable-barrelled pistols with me on the 11th of February, in the evening, for 17s.





JOHN ARUNDELL ALLEN
. I am a pawnbroker. I do not know the prisoner. On the 11th of February a watch was pledged with me—I live in New Dover-road, near the turnpike.





EDWARD CALVER

re-examined. I do not know the day of the week that he came—I entered the 5th of February in our account, and know that was the date.
(George Payne, boot-maker, Surrey canal bridge, Kent-road; Sarah Brocket, widow, Camberwell; and Mary Hinton, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 17.—Recommended to mercy.
—


Transported for Ten Years.—(See the next page.)
