



628. 




HENRY ADAMS
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of a man unknown, from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






GEORGE QUINNEAR
 (police-constable P 201.) On Thursday, the 21st of Jan., I was on duty in plain clothes. About twelve o'clock in the day, in the London-road, I saw the prisoner, and another young man in company with him—they walked close behind a gentleman, and I saw the prisoner draw this handkerchief from under his coat tail—he secreted it in his breast—he perceived that I was about to catch hold of him—he ran away—I ran after him and caught him—he threw the handkerchief away—my brother officer picked it up—when I took the prisoner he asked what I took him for—I told him I would tell him presently—when Smith came up I asked him if he had got the handkerchief—he said he had—the prisoner then said, "So help me G—I never saw a man look so square"—I asked him what he meant—he said he took me for a commercial traveler; he did not think I was a b—cad, which it appears is a name they have for a policeman in plain clothes—I do not know who the gentleman was that he took the handkerchief from.

Prisoner. You said, "I want you;" I said, "What for?" you said, "For taking a purse from this lady." Witness. I never said a word about a lady, nor about a purse.





WILLIAM SMITH
 (police-constable P 302.) I was with my brother constable—I saw the prisoner take the handkerchief from the pocket—he got three parts of the way across the road—he looked over his shoulder, and saw the constable—he then threw down the handkerchief—I picked it up and ran another way to meet him—I saw him take the handkerchief, and he ran about fifty yards before he threw it behind him.

Prisoner. Q. Where did this happen? A. On the side of the Philanthropic Institution—you were taken by the Borough road nearly—I did not go and speak to the gentleman, knowing the neighbourhood was so low, I thought if I had we should have lost you—you said if we had gone into that low neighbourhood, we must stand by for our heads—I had two handkerchiefs in my pocket, but this one was not in my pocket.

Prisoner's Defence. This man was running after somebody else, and he lost sight of him; he came to me, and said, "I want you;" I said, "What for?" he said, "I am a policeman;" I said, "You look like a commercialtraveller;" first they said, "I stole 2s. 11d., or something, from a lady—if he saw me pick a gentleman's pocket, why did not he speak to him?





CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
 (police-sergeant L 8.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court—(read-Convicted 12th May, 1845, and confired three months)—the prisoner is the person—I have known him to be a thief for a number of years.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

