




1191. 




JOSEPH DENNY
 and 




THOMAS WINNICOTT
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
24th of March, 1 show-case, value 15s.; 8 teeth, value 10s.; 1 set of artificial teeth, value 2l.; 3dwt. of gold, value 12s.; and 4 half-sets of artificial teeth, value 1l.; the goods of 



George Graves; and that Winnicott had been before convicted of felony.






GEORGE GRAVES
. I am a dentist, and live in Newington Causeway. I had a show-case on the door-post, containing artificial and natural teeth—it was secure on the 24th of March, about half-past eleven o'clock in the morning—I missed it at three the same day.





WILLIAM POCOCK
. I am a policeman. On the 24th of March, I saw the two prisoners in company together in Belton-street, Long-acre—I saw them leave No. 18, Belton-street, which is a marine-store shop, pass some little distance down the street, and join a boy, who appeared to have been waiting for them—I followed them to 3, Short's Gardens—I then met another constable, and we took them into custody—I asked Denny what they had sold in the shop they had just left—he said, "Nothing"—I took them to the station, then returned to the shop, and received this show case from Mrs. Shelly—I found eleven keys on Penny, and four pieces of wire on Winnicott—I was in company with Weston the same evening, and found the teeth exposed for sale at a shop in Drury-lane.





GEORGE WESTON
. I am a policeman. I was in company with Pocock on the day in question, and saw these teeth in Drury-lane—suspecting they had come out of the case, I inquired of the person in the shop, and found they had been purchased that evening—while at the station, I saw Denny throw something away—I heard it fall on the floor and jink—I called for a light, and Curd picked up this bit of gold.

Denny. How is it possible you could see me throw it away, there were twenty-four or twenty-five policemen there at the time; is it likely I should have thrown it exactly under my owl feet? Witness. I did see you throw it.





ANN SHELLY
. My husband is a coach-maker's labourer. I keep a clothes-shop in Belton-street, and sell little brokery and crockery—Winnicott came to my shop with this case to sell—there was no one with him—I bought it for 10s.—the officers afterwards took it.






LEWIS CURD
. I am a policeman. I was in the station when the prisoners were brought in—I heard something fall on the ground—I fetched a light, and picked up this piece of gold opposite Denny.





CHARLES MAINE
. I keep a sale-shop in Drury-lane. On the 24th of March, about six o'clock in the evening, Denny brought these teeth to me, representing them as his, and said he wanted 10s.—I was not aware of the value of teeth, and bid him half the money, which I gave him—I should not have bought them at all, but that I had been asked by a gentleman a day or two previous, if I had any to sell—I immediately exhibited them for sale, and the policeman came and identified them.

Denny. I am not the man—it was the other prisoner that sold them, Witness. I am certain of him—I have a witness here who saw me pay him the money.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Denny's Defence. On the 24th of March I was at Winnicott's lodging—he brought me a box with the teeth in it—he asked if I knew whereto sell them—I said I did not, but would make inquiry—I went to the witness's house, and asked if he would buy them—I said they were not my own, and asked what he would give—he said 1s.—I said I could not take the money, but I would go and ask—I came out and asked Winnicott—he said, "Go in and take the money"—I would not, and he went in and took the 1s. himself.

Winnicott's Defence. On the 24th of March, I was going down Belton-street, and saw a man with this case and teeth in his band to sell—I asked what he wanted for them—he said 2s.—I gave him 18d.—I asked Denny to sell the teeth—he went with me to the witness's house—he offered 1s. for them—Denny would not take it, but came back to me, and I went to the shop—there was nobody else in the shop at all—I went to Mrs. Shelly with the case, and asked 1s.—she gave me 10d.





JAMES PASMORE MUMFORD
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of Winnicotts former conviction, which I obtained from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was a witness at the time—he is the person who then pleaded guilty.

DENNY—


GUILTY
. Aged 38.

WINNICOTT—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.




Transported for Seven Years.
