




36. 




JOSEPH WAITE
 and 




WILLIAM LEONARD
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Richard Dee, about the hour of two in the night of the 
7th of Nov., at 

St. James, Westminster, with intent to steal.






RICHARD DEE
 I keep a public-house in Warwick-street, Regent-street, in the parish of St. James, Westminster—the cellar-flap of my house goes into the street—I went to bed, on the night of the 7th of November, about half-past twelve o'clock—the cellar-flap was perfectly safe then—my man and myself both saw it fastened safe before we went to bed—about a quarter before two o'clock the policeman on duty called me—I got up and came down—in consequence of what he said to me, I went into my cellar, and found the prisoner, Waite, standing at the back of the cellar, and Leonard concealed behind a barrel, sitting down—they

were perfect strangers to me—there was wine, spirits and ale in the cellar, in bottles, capable of being easily removed—they were taken into custody immediately—the cellar communicates internally with the rest of the house.

Leonard. The policeman examined the cellar-flap, and said there were no marks of violence.

Witness. I examined it next morning—there were marks of violence on it—the edge of the flap was splintered off.





THOMAS SANDYS
 (police-constable C 107.) I was on the beat in the neighbourhood of the prosecutor's house, on the morning of the 8th of Nov., about a quarter before two o'clock, and observed a crow-bar lying on the pavement, close to the cellar-flap—in consequence of that I alarmed the house, and with Mr. Dee went into the cellar—I there found Waite standing in the back part of the cellar—I asked him what brought him there—he said he had come there to sleep—I asked if he had any other person with him—he said, "No" he had not—I looked round, and found Leonard concealed behind a barrel—he said he had come there to sleep, too—I took them to the station, and found 18 1/2 d. and some silent lucifermatches on Leonard, and 2 1/2 d. on Waite—between ten and eleven in the morning I searched the cellar, and close to where Leonard had been concealed, I found a lucifer-box, and a candle in it—it was concealed among some shavings under the same barrel behind which Leonard had been concealed—I afterwards examined the cellar-flap, where I had seen the crow-bar, and there were slight marks—the wood was slightly rubbed—it must have been opened by force, though I found no marks which exactly corresponded with the crow-bar.

Leonard. Q. Did you find anything in the cellar disturbed or broken? A. No—I do not recollect finding any tobacco in your pocket—I believe there was a pipe—I did not say to the prosecutor that it was a pity there was nothing broken or stolen—I said there was nothing broken or disturbed—I examined the flap by the light of my lamp, and did not discern anything particular on it then.

Waite's Defence. If the flap had been broken he could have seen it; there were two policemen with lights; we went down the court to look for a lodging, as we had been locked out; and finding this place open, went in; we had no intention of robbing the place. When the policeman came down, I said, "I don't want to go away; you can take and lock me up." We had been down there about an hour.

Leonard's Defence. We were locked out of our lodging, and passing by this place about one o'clock in the morning, found the cellarflap open, and went down for shelter, as it was raining very hard; we intended to sleep there till the morning, and had no felonious intent. Nothing was disturbed or broken, nor anything found on us that we could do anything with.





THOMAS SANDYS

re-examined. It was not raining hard at the time—it had been raining very slightly in the course of the night.





RICHARD DEE

re-examined. The flap had been fastened with two bolts—they had been forced back, and the flap wrenched up—a portion of the wood was torn away.

WAITE—


GUILTY
. Aged 18

LEONARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.





Transported for Ten years
.


Before Mr. Baron Alderson.
