



906. 




DAVID PUGH
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of Dec., 10 sovereigns, the monies of 



William Henry Lord.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.


ANN LORD. I am the wife of William Henry Lord. I paid 2l. to the prisoner, for the purpose of delaying my husband's departure—I paid him ten sovereigns on the 3rd of Dec, which I had received from my brother at Birmingham—I paid that to the prisoner to take to the office of Captain Murray, and it was to be returned in the event of its not serving for my husband's discharge—the prisoner did not tell me whether it would be sufficient for that purpose—I parted with it on the understanding that if it was not sufficient it was to be returned—I gave it to the prisoner in a public-house in Bateman's-buildings (I think it is the Mitre), and required him to bring me a receipt for it—he afterwards brought this receipt to me in the public-house, and told me he had paid the money to Captain Murray.

Prisoner. Q. On the morning of the 3rd Dec, do you recollect going to a loan society, in Hackney-road? A. Yes, I went to make inquiries respecting hireing a loan, not exactly for the purpose of obtaining a loan—I wished to know their terms—there were three letters written at the loan society by my direction, to try if I could succeed in getting a sufficient quantity of money to purchase my husband's discharge—one of them was to my husband's mother, and one to his aunt—I did not consider that 10l. would be sufficient to purchase his discharge—I considered I was 8l. short—I have not received any promise from Captain Murray of my husband's discharge in the event of prosecuting you—I did not make my uncle and aunt acquainted with this—Captain Murray acquainted my uncle with it on the 10th of Dec.—I applied to the police at Lambeth-street respecting having been defrauded of this money on the 10th of Dec.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. When was it you saw Captain Murray for the first time? A. On the 10th of Dec—I did not know before then that my husband was not to be discharged—I imagined the prisoner had succeeded—I had not seen the prisoner—he sent two letters to me to say he would call on me in the evening, when he returned from Chatham.
Captain JAMES MURRAY. I did not at any time receive 10l. from the prisoner—this receipt or memorandum is not my writing, or written by my, authority—I never saw the prisoner till I saw him at Lambeth-street office.





WILLIAM JACOBS
. I know the prisoner, and know his handwriting—I believe this memorandum to be his handwriting.


Prisoner. Q. How many times hare you seen me write? A. Six or eight times—I saw you write a receipt for five guineas at Mr. Wheatley's office—I have seen you write at other time as well—I am confident it is yours from the peculiarity of the letter "d" in David alone, and the "i" s are the same, also many other letters, and the general appearance.
(Read.)—"Soho-square, 3rd Dec., 1842.—I do hereby undertake to return to Mr. David Pugh the turn of 10l. on Tuesday morning, the 6th instant, unless the same is accepted for the purpose it is paid. Js. MURRAY, Captain Major in East India service."

Prisoner's Defence. I have never received any such sum from the party, nor is this my handwriting, nor was it ever given by me to this person.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
