



2266. 




LUKE GILLIGAN
 was indicted

 with stealing, on the 
18th of July, 3 water cans, value 3l., the goods of 



Edward Perren, his master, and that he had been before convicted of felony.






EDWARD PERREN
. I am a coachsmith, I live at No. 2, Little Grove-street, Lisson-grove. The prisoner worked for me as a bricklayer's labourer, at Nos. 3, 4, and 5, in Grove-street—on the 18th of July I put some copper cans behind some tubs in No. 5—the prisoner came to work the following morning, and I missed them at eight o'clock—I immediately discharged him, and another man—he had only worked for me one day.






JOSEPH BALDWIN
. I am a horsekeeper, and live in the Edgeware-road. On Tuesday, the 18th of July, at eleven o'clock at night, I was in Little Grove-street, and saw the prisoner with a copper can in his hand—it would hold about three gallons—he was coming in a direction from Mr. Perren's—I asked where he was going—he made no answer, but went on.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it dark? A. Yes—I had seen him at work the day before for Mr. Perren—I could see the can answered the description of Mr. Perren's—I was quite close to him.





MARGARET EDWARDS
. My husband is a rag-merchant, and keeps a marine-store shop in Harrow-street, Lisson-grove. At nine o'clock on Tuesday night, the 18th of July, the prisoner brought a can and offered it for sale—I asked where he got it—he said they were cleaning out some sewers and found it—I asked his name and address—he said John Shand, 3, Lisson-street—I gave him 2s. 9d. for the can—it is worth nothing but as old copper—it is knocked about—the iron handle was on it—my husband was out—next day it was to be sold, and the handle was knocked off—the policeman came next day, and my husband produced it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you hear the prosecutor say it was worth 20s.? A. He said so at the police-office, but it was knocked about in this way when it came to me—I never saw the prisoner before—we cannot sell the iron handle with copper—we don't buy all sorts of things—I have been here once for refusing to buy.





JOHN MURRAY
 (policeman D 46.) On the 19th of July I took the prisoner in charge—I asked if he knew what for—he said he partly guessed it was for some things missing from Mr. Perren's, but he knew nothing of them—next day I went to Mr. Edwards—he produced the can.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was it? A. In the shop, in this state.





EDWARD PERREN

re-examined. I am positive this is my can—I made it myself—the three cost upwards of 4l.—it has been knocked about with a pick-axe—16d. a pound is the price of old copper—marine-store dealers give 6d.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know it? A. I made the iron handle myself—there are not three cans in London like them.





STEPHEN WALTER
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction in this Court—(read)—I was present at the trial—he is the person described in the certificate.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

