





1924. 




ROBERT CHALK



, stealing 1 track, value 5l.; the goods of 



Thomas Lovegrove, having been before convicted, and 





PHILLIP ELLIS



, feloniously receiving the same.






THOMAS LOVEGROVE
. I am a wheelwright, and let out trucks for hire. On 21st Sept., between seven and eight in the morning, Chalk came to my house for a truck to move some goods from Durham-street; he said he came from the ivory man in Durham-street, and would bring it back in an hour or two—he was to pay twopence an hour—he never came back, or the truck either—in consequence of something my son told me, I went to the house of a man named Beach, and there saw the red wheels, springs, and axletree of my truck—it had been taken to pieces—I spoke to Mr. Beach about it, and afterwards went with Beach, and Newill, the policeman, to Spital-street—I staid outside while they went in; when they came out again we went to the Black Lion, which is 150 yards off—we found Ellis there, and Beach said, in his presence, that that was the man that had the truck—Ellis said nothing; I gave him into custody, and he was taken to the station—we then went back to the house in Spital-street, and found the iron-work belonging to the body of the truck in a cupboard—I saw Chalk there, and gave him in custody for stealing my truck—he said nothing—the truck was worth 5l.

Chalk. Q. Did you not say at the station-house it was a taller man than me, with a cap on? A. You may have had a cap on—I did not consult with the officers before I swore to you—the truck was marked.





WILLIAM BEACH
. I am a furniture-jobber, and live in Charles-street, Willow-walk. On a Saturday, about five weeks ago, I was at my brother Robert Beach's, a coach-maker, in Willow-walk—he was ill in bed—the prisoners came there and asked me if I would buy some springs, axle, and wheels—I said I would inquire, as I did not belong to the place—I afterwards went for my brother to 9, Spital-street, with the prisoners, and they showed me the wheels, springs, and axle, which appeared to belong to a truck, and some iron attached to the springs—they asked 1l. for them—at last they agreed to take 15s. for them, and they brought them with me to my brother's—I paid Ellis for them, and they went away together—Mr. Lovegrove after wards saw them—I afterwards went with him and the policeman to the Black Lion, and saw Ellis there—I am sure he is the person I bought the wheels of.





JOHN NEWILL
 (policeman, N 102). I went to 9, Spital-street, with Beach and Lovegrove, on 25th Sept., about half-past nine in the morning—I made inquiries for Ellis, and, in consequence of what some one said, I went to the Black Lion, which was about two minutes' walk off—Ellis was there pointed out to me by Beach—I took him, and told him he was charged with having a truck in his possession, knowing it to be stolen—he said, "If I buy a thing of a person, it is not my business to inquire who and what they are"—I took him to the station, went back to 9, Spital-street, and found Chalk—Mr. Lovegrove pointed him out as the person who hired the truck—I took him; searched the house, and found eight standard irons, which Mr. Lovegrove, said belonged to the truck.

Chalk. Q. Who pointed me out to you? A. Mr. Lovegrove and Beach said you were the man who came with Ellis—Mr. Lovegrove did not say, "I think that is the man."

Chalk's Defence. I did not hire the truck; I was not out of bed till nine o'clock that morning; I have heard, since I have been in custody, that the prosecutor has lost a truck since, and he said he was very sorry he had ever given me in custody, as he did not think I was the person.


MR. LOVEOROVE
re-examined. I never said anything of the sort—the other truck was lost on 1st Sept., and this on the 21st.





HENRY TURPIN
. I produce a certificate (read—Robert Chalk, Convicted, 27th Nov., 1848, and confined six months)—I was present—Chalk is the man.(Ellis received a good character.)

CHALK—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.

ELLIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.—



Confined Six Months.

