



1318. 




WILLIAM JACKSON, alias
 Mahew, alias
 Morgan, alias
 May, alias
 Coleman




, feloniously breaking and entering a building within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of 

the Overseers of the Poor of St. Pancras, and stealing therein 15 sovereigns, 10 half-sovereigns, and 155l. in silver, their monies.


MESSRS. PRENDERGAST
and
PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN M'GAHEY
. I am vestry-clerk of St. Pancras—my offices are the vestry-rooms, which are within the curtilage of the building—Thomas Rhodes is one of the Trustees under the Act—Mr. Weeding is another—John Henry Eden is master of the workhouse—William Douglas is a vestryman and ratepayer, and is one of the directors and overseers of the poor. On Thursday, 8th Feb., I changed a check for 257l., which I had obtained on the previous

Tuesday from the directors—I handed 160l. in silver to my son, in shillings, half-crowns, and sixpences—there is a room in the vestry called the strong-room, where I am in the habit of placing money which I have for the purposes of the parish—there are papers there—there was a cash-box there that day, with 20l. in gold and two gold seals—the key of that room, sod the key of the garden gate, used to be kept in the inkstand drawer, not locked, in my private room, and the key of the door leading from the vestry to the garden—I kept the key of the press in the room—it was open to observation that silver was brought on Thursday, to pay the poor with next day.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. Where is the strong room? A. At the end of the building opposite the entrance—no one sleeps in that part of the building—you get to the part where people sleep, by a door, leading into the workhouse yard—there is no covered passage, but a wall surrounds the yard—the tin cash-box was broken open—it was moveable—there were also two bank draft receipts for 1000l. each there—they were missing next morning, but the gold seals were left—a closet in the strong room was broken—it is a fixture, and ranges with a set of boxes for papers—it was put up after the building was made—there was 155l. worth of silver there—that would be larger than my head—a strict search was made all over the premises with a policeman—the receipts were not found for ten or twelve days, when Mr. Pitt, the accountant, brought them to me, and said he had found them, and told me where—I do not think he had any business in that place—he was discharged about a month afterwards—the key is sometimes left in the front door, inside, and the premises are left by another door; the porter's lodge is part of the vestry rooms; there would be a communication that way if the door inside was locked—the porter lives in the lodge—there is no bed there, only an arm-chair—he should not sleep there—I never saw the prisoner till I saw him at the hospital.
Mr. PARRY. Q. Was Pitt discharged for any connection with this robbery? A. No; the strong-room opens into a long passage—the porter's lodge is on a lower story of the same building.





WILLIAM HENRY M'GAHEY
, jun. On this Thursday evening I received 160l. in silver from my father—I counted it out with Mr. Clow, put it into separate paper packages, each marked with the name of the paying agent, and put it into the closet in the strong-room—it was to pay the paupers with—I locked the closet, and put the key into my pocket—I locked the strong-room door, and put the key in the inkstand in my father's office—about nine in the morning I went to the strong-room, it was locked, and the key was gone—I got a key from my father, unlocked it, and found the money was gone—there were marks of the closet having been broken open by a screwdriver—the lock was wrenched—I saw Tiffin with a screw-driver and crowbar—Mr. Sowerby was there afterwards.

Cross-examined. Q. How many compartments were there in the closet? A. Six; they were all wrenched open but one, and I believe there was nothing in that—the money was all in the middle compartment.





FRANCIS PEAW
. I live at 20, Cornwall-place, Camden-town, and sin clerk to the Vestry-clerk of St. Pancras. On 8th Feb. I assisted young Mr. M'Gahey in putting some silver into bags—next morning, about a quarter past nine o'clock, I was told something, went to the inkstand drawer, and missed the key of the strong-room—the window to the water-closet lobby was wide open, wider than I have been in the habit of seeing it.


Cross-examined. Q. How many compartments are there in the closet? A. There are three sets of cupboards with two doors to each; the middle and the bottom one were broken open—the money was in the middle one.





THOMAS TIFFIN
. I am a beadle. On the morning of 9th Feb., I went to the inkstand in the office at St. Pan eras workhouse, and missed the key of the strong-room—it has not been found.





BENJAMIN LAIMBEER
. I am a Director of the poor of St. Pancras, and was on duty that morning, to pay the poor—I went to the strong-room about ten o'clock, and saw the cash-box on the floor, and the press broken open—I opened the lobby-door—there is a washhand-stand there, on which lay this screw-driver, crow-bar, matches, and two iron keys—one of them is the key of the door from the vestry to the water-closet, and the other of the door from the vestry into the garden—the lower sash of the window in front of the building was lifted up as high as it could go—there was room for the admission or exit of any person—there were finger-marks on the cill towards the house, as if some person had got out—the marks on the cash-box and press corresponded exactly—if the garden-gate were locked, the porter could not get into the garden, so that the key would be useful to any one engaged in the strong-room.





EDWARD JAMES GILLMAN
. I am one of the beadles of St. Pancras. On this morning, about a quarter before nine, I found the window open wide enough for a man to get out—the water-closet door was locked, which I never knew it to be before.





WILLIAM CATER
. I am agent to the Directors of the poor of St. Pancras. On the evening of 8th Feb., I left the vestry by the porter's lodge about a quarter to ten o'clock—the premises appeared to be closed in front—I saw no light, or appearance of any one being on the premises.





JAMES HALE
. I am one of the poor of St. Pancras parish. On 8th February, a little after eight o'clock at night, I went out by the porter's lodge—there are two other outlets, one from the area, add one from the back-yard—the other two were secured when I left—I went next morning about a quarter-past five, and opened the basement story about a quarter before nine—in sweeping the front area, J found this list shoe under the water-closet window which was open; in another part of the area, near Cook's-terrace, I found the other—it had been in the gravel, and was dirty at the heel.

Cross-examined. Q. How far is it from the window to the palings? A. About six or seven yards—the window is twelve or fourteen feet high.





SARAH TIFFIN
. I lived at 15, Cook's-terrace. On the Friday afternoon after the robbery I picked up these four skeleton keys under a tree in the fore-court, in a piece of newspaper, in a bush.





JAMES UNWIN
. On the Friday morning, about half-past nine o'clock, I picked up this dark lantern under an Aucuba plant, in the fore-court of 15, Cook's-terrace—there was some tallow in it.





JOSEPH LYE
. I am a compositor, of Metropolitan-buildings, St. Pancras. On 8th Feb., shortly after twelve, I was passing St. Pancras vestry, the prisoner called, and asked me to assist him over the railings which were between me and him—he had his back to the wall of the first house in Cook's-terrace—I asked what was the matter—he said a man threw his hat over, and in getting it he had fallen, and was afraid he had broken his leg—I said, "If that is the case, you had better ring the bell at the porter's lodge, and obtain the key, you can then come out and get assistance"—he wished me not to do so, as he bad been drinking with some friends, and having no business in that neighbourhood, wished to prevent an exposure; I said, if he

could get to the gate, I thought I could get him over—he got there by holding the tops of the railings—I helped him over, and felt his leg—it appeared to be injured, just above the knee—I led him to Cook's-terrace, twenty or twenty-five yards, and stopped, finding I was not able to assist bins—two men came up, one went for a cab, and the other for a doctor—I left him two or three minutes, returned with the cab, and found two men with him—he was put into it.

Cross-examined. Q. He allowed you to feel his leg. A. Yes; I did it of my own accord, finding I could not get him along; the limb was quite useless.





DAVID CALLAGHAN
. On the night of 8th Feb., I was going along St. Pancras-road, and saw the prisoner standing, three houses from 15, Cook's-terrace—Lye had gone away—a cab came—I tried to lead him to it, but could not, and took him on my back—I wanted to put my hand behind bin and hold him up, but he said he would hold on himself, and I was obliged to stoop more than I should have done—I thought him heavy for his size—I know the weight of men pretty well by carrying them occasionally.





WILLIAM ATKINSON
. I was with Callaghan—I have beard what he has said; it is correct.





ROBERT CLARK
. I am a cab-driver, of 8, Chapel-street, Hackney-road. On 9th Feb., between twelve and one o'clock in the morning, I took the prisoner up by Cook's-terrace—he told me to drive to Holborn—when I got there, I asked him which way I was to drive—he said, "To No. 105, Black-friars-road"—I did so—he ordered me to ring the bell, which I did, and a person answered him out of the first-floor window—I did not hear what he said—he came down, went to the cab-window, and spoke to the prisoner for ten minutes, or a quarter of an hour—I did not hear what was said—I walked up and down the street—I did not go far from the horse's head—I did not watch them—the man went into the house, and ordered me to drive his friend to Guy's Hospital; he did not go with him.





SAID ASSAID
. I am a surgeon. The prisoner was brought to the hospital, and was under my care; a woman came to him next morning.

Cross-examined. Q. What was his injury? A. A broken thigh, in two places, which rendered the limb perfectly useless—he could not walk; be might hop.

Prisoner. My other leg is contracted; I could not hop on that. Witness. It is only contracted in part—I only examined it cursorily—I think he could get six or eight yards on it—it is stiff in the knee; it appeared to be the result of a former injury—I merely examined to see if it was injured, finding it was not, I was satisfied.





JEREMIAH LOCKERBY
 (policeman, S 180). I saw the prisoner at Guy's Hospital—I did not at first tell him who I was—I asked when he broke his thigh—he said, a fortnight ago—I asked where—he said just the other side of Westminster-bridge—I asked what time—he said about half-past nine o'clock—I said, "Do you mean half-past nine to-morrow fortnight?"—he said, "Yes"—I asked if any one was with him—he said, "No"—I asked if any one came to his assistance—he said, "Yes, two gentlemen"—he said hi' name was Jackson—he said, at the police-office, that he lived at Shirley, about two miles the other side of Southampton—when I first told him I was a policeman, and asked where he lived, he said he should not tell me—he then had large dark whiskers—I afterwards found some one had cut them off, after that they grew again, and two days previous to going to the police-court, he cut them off again—I asked what he did that for—he said there was

a disturbance in the hospital, and he said, "If they an going to identify me by my whiskers, I will put a pair of false ones on for them"—the lobby-window is just twelve feet from the ground—from there to the railing is fifteen feet, and from the railing to Cook's-terrace, is thirty-five feet; the railing is five and a half feet high.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the marks on the window-cill? A. Yes; I at first thought they were made intentionally from the inside—I took Clark and Lye to the hospital with me—I was nut in uniform—I went on purpose to see whether I should apprehend him.





MART HODGES
. I am a nurse at the hospital. I attended the prisoner at night—I asked him how he got his accident—he said he slipped down, near Blackfriars hridge, off the kerb.





MART ANN REDDING
. Between twelve and one o'clock, on the night of 8th Feb., I was with two other women outside the workhouse door—I heard a fall and a moan, and a man say three times, "God help me, I am dead!"—I had been there a quarter of an hour, and saw nobody pass the railings, or throw a cap over—the moaning appeared to come from over the railing.





MARY ANN TATTERSALL
. I was with Redding and another woman, and heard the fall and moan—I could see the railings where I sat, and saw nobody pass, or throw a cap over.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you talking, to keep yourselves awake? A. Not at that time.





JAMES MEADON
. I have known Shirley, near Southampton, twenty years, ever since it was built—I am collector of rates and taxes there—I know nothing of the prisoner; I know most of the inhabitants.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know everybody in Shirley? A. Not very well; a William Jackson's name is in the books as rated to the poor—I do not believe the prisoner is the man—he is not so old a man as the prisoner—I do not know where he lives—I called on him for his rates in 1846—he could not pay, and was excused—I cannot describe his person—I do not know that I ever saw the prisoner before.





EDWARD PITT
. I was formerly in the employ of St. Pancras' Parish.

Cross-examined. Q. We bear from Mr. M'Gabey that you produced three receipts for 1000l. each, twelve days after the robbery? A. Yes; I found them in the strong-room, on the ground—I had business there—I was continually in the habit of going there—I went to speak to a gentleman who was there, Mr. Jacques; he is here, and was present when I found them—I had not been in the room that day before—I bad about a week before; it is a room which people go into constantly every day.

MR. PARRT. Q. Are there papers round the room? A. It is strewed with papers; if a person had thrown these aside, out of the cash-box, they might, most readily, have got mixed with other papers, and been overlooked.




GUILTY
.* Aged 53.—


Transported for Ten Years.

