



1100. 




JOHN MARSH EDWARD STOKES
 was indicted

 for stealing an instrument, called a level, value 14l., the goods of 



Charles William Wood. 2nd COUNT stating it to be the property of Fallow Horne and others.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES WILLIAM WOOD
. I am an optician, and live in Bishopgste-street. The prisoner has occasionally called at my shop for a month or three weeks before

this—he came several times for a level—I promised to get one to show him on Saturday, the 13th, when he called again, and asked if it was ready, he said he wanted several; that he wanted one particularly to show a friend of his at Westminster—I produced one to him, and gave him this receipt to sign for it—(read, "John Stokes, surveyor, 114, Nichol-square, Hackney-road; 13th of March, received a dumpy level, to be returned on Tuesday next")—it was my brother's, and had his name on it—the prisoner came to me on this✗ Wednesday following, and said his friend had got the level at Richmond and said his friend would call and bring the instrument—I found it at the pawnbroker's.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Do you know that the prisoner's father is a clergyman? A. Yes; the prisoner has been engaged in engineering—he gave his right name and address on the receipt—I received a letter from him before I saw him on the Wednesday—I at last called at the address he gave me, and found him there. I was not willing to take money for the level—I wrote to him, saying, unless it was returned I should be charged for it, and then I must send him the bill—I did not sell it to him—I could not.

MR. DOANE. Q. It was not your property. A. No.





WILLIAM HENRY CLARKE
. I am in the service of Mr. Spink, pawnbroker, of Gracechurch-street. On the 13th of March, towards the evening, the prisoner pawned this level for 5l.

Cross-examined. Q. What did he ask on it? A. I think 5l.—I should not lend more.





RICHARD NEWBOLD
. I am an optician, and live at Houndsditch. On the 8th of April, the prisoner came to my shop, and said he had a level to sell—I asked what he wanted for it—he said 10l.—I asked where it was—he said it was in pledge—I said, "You want to sell the duplicate, I suppose?"—he said "Yes"—I said, "You want 5l. for the duplicate?"—he said "Yes"—I said it did not suit me to buy it—he then said could I sell it for him, or tell him where to sell it?—I said perhaps I could—he said "If you will, as it is a case of emergency, all you get above 10l. shall be yours, and if you will set about it immediately, I will allow you five per-cent. On the 10l., if you obtain it"—I told him to call again—I found he wanted the money very quickly, and said no respectable tradesman would go about such a business on the instant—he said, if I could tell him anybody who would advance the money, I should be remunerated—I mentioned two respectable tradesmen; he left, returned, and said he could not do any business with them—I said, "Well, if I go about it is it by good maker?"—he said "Yes, by Wood and Thornthwaite, of Newgate-street"—I said, "Is their name on it?"—he said, "Yes, but that could be easily erased"—I said it was objectionable, having a name, for however respectable tradesmen are, they don't like to have a name on an instrument—I asked him, how long it had been pledged—he said "Under a month, it would not cost more than 1s. 3d. to look at it—he left.

MR. WOOD
re-examined. This is the level—the selling-price is fourteen guineas—the trade price is about 7l.





JOHN LEONARD
 (police-constable.) I took the prisoner in charge, and found the duplicate on him.
Thomas Welsh, oilman, Bishopsgate-street, deposed to the prisoner's good character up to within the last four or five years, since which, he had not seen him.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
