



2187. 




ELIZABETH BARNES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of August, 2 sovereigns, the monies of 



Thomas Newton; and that she had been previously convicted of felony.






THOMAS NEWTON
. I am a plumber. I was repairing a house in Pearl-row, Blackfriars-road—the prisoner occupied a room above the one I was repairing—after I had done work we got into conversation, and went together to Austin-buildings, Friar-street, and had a room there—I paid 1s. for it—we were there a short time—I had four sovereigns in my right-hand trowsers' pocket—I went to the house twice with her—the second time I wrapped the four sovereigns in a piece of brown paper, and put them in my hat, which I put on the table—the prisoner took my hat up, and the paper rolled out on the floor—I picked up three sovereigns, and was going to pick up the other, and she kicked out the light—I called for another light, and the land-lady brought it—I put the three sovereigns on the table, and took the light to look for the other, but could not find it—while I was looking she took another sovereign from the three—the landlady said, "Why don't you look after the money she is swallowing?"—at last one sovereign was found, concealed in her stocking, and the other she said she had swallowed—I had given her 1s., and gave her something to eat—I am a married man.

Prisoner. He said he would give me 10l. Witness. It is false—she invited me there—I made-no bargain with her—I did not know what place it was—she asked me to come to a friend of hers, and have some tea—I paid 1s. for the room, and then saw what place it was.





MARY WALTERS
. My husband keeps the house where this happened. I did not see the prisoner or prosecutor when they came—when he called I went into the room, and saw three sovereigns, one shilling, one penny, and two halfpence on the table; and while he was looking on the floor for the other sovereign, she took one from the table, and put it into her mouth—I afterwards saw the policeman find one in her stocking.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not sit drinking gin and water with the prosecutor? A. No—in the afternoon he brought a bottle of soda-water and ginger-beer in his pocket.






JOHN HUGHES
. I am a policeman. I was sent for, and found a sovereign in her stocking—she said she had swallowed the other.

Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about it.





JAMESW PERRY
. I am a policeman. I produce the certificate of the prisoner's previous conviction, from the Clerk of the Peace for Surrey—(read) I was present at the trial—she is the person who was convicted.




GUILTY.* Aged 36.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

