



1702. 




WILLIAM COUSENS
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 shilling, 4 sixpences, and 1 groat, the monies of 



Charlotte Potts, from her person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






CHARLOTTE POTTS.
 I am single. On the 18th of June I was walking in the Wandsworth-road—I had in my pocket a half-crown, a shilling, four sixpences, and a fourpenny-piece—I heard some one on my right side—I looked, and saw some money fall, and saw Bishop picking up some—the prisoner was at my side—he was nearest to me—Bishop asked me if I knew that I had had my pocket picked—I said, "No"—she said the prisoner had picked my pocket—I searched, and found that a shilling, four sixpences, and a fourpenny-piece were gone—the prisoner ran away—we ran after him—he was stopped by a policeman.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. How far was he stopped from the place where Bishop spoke to you? A. He was stopped in Lyon-street, about a quarter of a mile from where Bishop spoke to me—it was between four and five o'clock—there were two or three persons passing—Lyon-street turns out of another street, out of the Walworth-road—you turn down Prospect-place, and then turn again to Lyon-street—I did not lose sight of the prisoner—I saw him run till he was stopped, I am quite sure of that—the prisoner began to run directly he heard Bishop tell me he had picked my pocket—I did not stop to pick up the money—I and Bishop ran off.





HARRIET BISHOP.
 I live in St. George's-place, Bermondsey. I was walking behind Charlotte Potts—I saw the prisoner step up by her side, put his hand into her pocket, and turn the money out—a young man and a boy picked up some—I picked up two sixpences and a 4d. piece—I told Miss Potts—the prisoner ran off—we ran after him, and never lost sight of him.

Cross-examined. Q. How far is the place where he was stopped from the place where you picked up the money? A. I cannot tell—he ran a good distance before he turned into Prospect-place—I was not so far from him as I am from you now, when he turned—the prosecutrix was before me—I saw him turn out of Prospect-place into Lyon-street—there was nobody running between him and us, I am quite sure, and he did not get out of my sight—I saw him put his hand into the prosecutrix's pocket, and take some money out—he locked her in the face while he did it.


Prisoner. Q. Were there no men running after me? A. There were men running after you, but you were not out of my sight—there was no man between us—you are the same person, I am positive.





GEORGE QUENNEAR
 (police-constable P 201.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at Newington, by the name of William Hewelt—(read—Convicted 23rd of July, 1846, confined three months, and whipped)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

