




1276. 




CHARLES ABBOTT
 was again indicted for

 stealing 1 portmanteau, 1 coat, 4 handkerchiefs, and other articles, value 7l. 14s.; the goods of the 

Eastern Counties Railway Company; and 





ANN WILLIAMS



, feloniously receiving the same.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH COLLARD.
 I found this portmanteau, identified by Mr. Veley, at Cattel's house; also all these duplicates, and other articles (produced)—Abbott lived at 19, Richmond-street—I found Mr. Randall's portmanteau at a public-house in Portman-market.





FREDERICK THOMAS VELLY.
 I am a solicitor at Chelmsford. On 24th Dec. I cam up to London, about a quarter past four o'clock—I missed my

portmanteau—it was afterwards shown me by Collard—this is it—it has my initials on it—the the shirts produced are mine.





ANN CATTEL.
 Abbott used my room as a place of deposit—I never pawned things for him—I do not know Williams.





AUGUSTINE THOMAS FISH.
 I am a pawnbroker, at St. Alban's-place, Dover-road. These two shirts were pawned with me for three shilling, on 15th February, I believe, by Williams—I gave her this duplicate—I knew her as a customer—this shirt and handkerchief were pawned by Abbott—here are other things pawned by him on 3rd March—I never saw the prisoners together—she gave her name Ann Williams, Richmond-street—the duplicate answers that description.





FRANCIS BEST.
 I am assistant to Mr. Rogers, of Losson-grove. Williams was a customer there—this ticket for 24th Dec., in the name of Ann Williams, 10, Richmond-street, found at Cattel's, is mine—I cannot swear the made this pledge, but that is the name and address she usually gave—here is another, of 21st Jan., for a coat and trowsers for 1l.—I took them in of Williams—this bag was pawned by her for one shilling—here are three sheets, pawned on 3rd Feb., I cannot say who by; they are in the name of Ann Williams, for Charles Abbott, 8 Richmond-street—here are six books pawned on 14th Jan., by Williams, for Charles Abbott—I asked who he was—she described him as a respectable person—I thought they belonged to him, and did not think she had stolen them—here is a flannel shirt pledged on 31st Jan., and a waistcoat on 22nd April, both by Williams.





THOMAS EDWARD RANDALL.
 I live at Trinity College, Oxford—I was a passenger from Oxford on 30th Dec.—I missed my portmanteau at the Paddington terminus—it was worth 20l.—this portmanteau, clothes and books are mine—the books have my name in them.





THOMAS BATSON.
 I live at Ross, Herefordshire. On 23rd December I arrived in London, by the Great Western Railway—I had six or seven packages—I missed a portmanteau; it has not been found—this coat and other things, found at Cattel's are mine—my loss was 45l. or 50l.

Abbott's Defence. I bought the books.

William's Defence. Abbott told me he was a servant out of place—I did not think there was anything wrong.

ABBOTT—


GUILTY. Aged 54.—


Transported for Seven Years more.


WILLIAMS—



GUILTY. Aged 35.—Recommended to mercy.—






Confined for Twelve Months.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoners.)
