




2978. 




CHARLES PERCEVAL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of October, 1 telescope, value 15s.; the goods of 



Sarah Cordwell.






WILLIAM JAMES LEWIS
. I am shopman to Sarah Cordwell, a pawnbroker, in Exmouth-street. I saw this telescope safe at the beginning of Oct., I think about the 2nd or 3rd—I was watching the prisoner and another person, about half-past four or five o'clock—I saw the prisoner take up the telescope, look at it, and put it down—he then held up his coat in his hand, while the other took the telescope, and they walked away.

Prisoner. Q. How far does your show-board stand out from the shop? A. About two feet—you turned towards Bagnigge-wells-road, and the other towards Exmouth-street.





WILLIAM JOHN BIRD
. On the 3rd of Oct. I saw the prisoner and another come up to my shop—(I had previously seen them trying to take something from my shop, they were handling a pair of pistols of mine)—I put on my hat and followed them—the other one crossed over—the prisoner then went on to the corner, he then turned back and went to the other—they both west to Mrs. Cordwell's shop—the other one tried to get some brushes, but could not reach them—he then took the telescope, looked at it, and pot it down again—the prisoner then took it, looked at it, and put it down again—the prisoner then took it, looked as it, and put it down—they went to the corner to see that nobody was about—I then saw the prisoner go and hold up the skirt of his coat—the other took the telescope, put it in his breast, and they walked different ways.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not say that you did not see me touch the telescope? A. No; I came forward because I have seen you so often, and I wish to get rid of you—I have seen your coat, it is a Newmarket-cut coat—when the other man was apprehended he got a sound hiding, and they let him go—when I took you you made a little resistance—I got the aid of another man, or I should have had some difficulty.

Prisoner. The case may appear black against me, I admit; but as I stand here before you all, I am innocent.




GUILTY
.† Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

