




1650. 




JAMES TURNER
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
28th of April, 2 blankets, value 1l.; 1 table-cloth, 4s.; 3 towels, 2s.; 2 shifts, 4s.; 1 sheet, 1s. 6d.; 1 petticoat, 2s. 6d.; 1 gown, 3s.; 2 shawls, 1l.; 1 bonnet, 4s.; 1 bolster-case, 5s.; 2 hams, 10s.; and 12lbs. weight of pork, 7s.; the goods of 



Rebecca Randall: and 





MARTHA BALLARD



 for feloniously receiving the same, well-knowing them to have been stolen against the Statute, &c.; and that Turner had been before convicted of felony.






REBECCA RANDALL
. I am a widow. I keep the Whitby-hoy public-house, in Ratcliff-highway—Turner lodged there on the nights of the 27th and 28th of April—on the morning of the 29th, I heard the shop-door open

and the private door slam to—I got out of bed and looked and it wanted a quarter to six o'clock—I went to bed again, and at a quarter past six Hawlen my servant came and told me something—I got up and came down stairs—I missed the articles mentioned in this indictment—some of them had been washed the day previous, and left on a chest in the parlour—I missed a petticoat and some other things from a window-seat, and from a rail in the parlour I missed two shawls—these things had all been safe the night before—I went to bed about half-past one—I missed two hams, and a hand of fresh pork from my shop—Turner was not in the house when I missed these things—there were other lodgers in the house, but they were in bed—on the Saturday night after, I was taken by one of my lodgers to the King William, in New Gravel-lane—I saw Turner there—I said to him, "You are the person that robbed me"—I gave him in charge—he said, "Very well, very well, if you think so"—on the next day, which was Sunday, I was sent for by the officer, to No. 4, New Court, Gravel-lane—I saw the officer find some ham there, and two blankets, a table-cloth, two towels, and the servant's shifts—they were part of the articles I missed—these are them—my street-door was locked and bolted on the night before, when I went round the house.





MART ANN MANN
. I am Mr. Randall's servant. On the morning of the 29th of April, when I got np I missed my bonnet and shawl, which had hung up safe the night before—this is the ribbon that was on it, but the bonnet is burned.





CHARLES POTTER
 (police-constable K 212.) I was fetched to the King William about twelve o'clock at night on the 29th of April—I received charge of Turner—I told him I wanted him for a robbery at a coffee-shop—he said he knew nothing about it—next day I heard something, and went to No. 4, New Gravel-lane, where the prisoner Ballard lived—I had seen her there before—I found the witness Bean there—I found four pieces of ham under the bed, and two pieces boiling in the pot—I broke open a chest, and found a blanket, a table-cloth, and between the bed and the mattress, the shift and other things which Mrs. Randall has identified—Ballard was taken to the station by the other officer, and I asked her where the key of the chest, which I had broken open was—she said Jem had got it, meaning James Walker, a man she lived with.





GEORGE JOSEPH BROWN
 (police-constable K 164.) I went with Potter, and when he was gone to the station, I walked into the lane—I saw Ballard—she saw me, and ran away to her house—I went after her, and said, "I want you"—she said, "You have no occasion to go with me, I shall not run away, you have no occasion to hold me"—I asked Bean, in Ballard's presence, where the bonnet was that she had come home in—she went into a bank room, and took one off a nail—I said, "That is not it, that has been hanging there all the afternoon; you know about it"—Ballard said, "No, she does not, I burned the bonnet"—I opened the chest, and saw a shawl and petticoat—I said, "How came these here, they have been placed here lately"—Ballard said, "The shawl is my own, and I slipped the petticoat off"—as I was bringing her to the office she asked if the man had said anything about the shawls—I said, "No," and said she had no occasion to say anything, as I should take notice of it—she then said, "I wish I had never known the old b----, he was the cause of this"—she said she was asleep when he came in with the things and he awoke her.





SARAH BEAN
. I live at No. 5, New-court, Gravel-lane. I have known Ballard about three months—I have seen Turner at the house with Ballard often, and have seen another man there—I recollect seeing Ballard go into the house on the day the officers came—she said, "What is the matter?"—

she was told—I do not recollect what she said, but she fainted away—she afterwards said she had burnt the bonnet, and did not care, as the officers could not hurt her—I had seen Turner at the house about twelve o'clock that day.

Turner. I am guilty; the woman did not know the things were stolen; I could not get work, which made me do it.





JOSEPH HESELDINE
. I produce a certificate of Turner's former conviction which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person.

TURNER—


GUILTY
. Aged 49.—


Transported for Seven Years.


BALLARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—



Confined Four Months.

