







1977. 



JAMES HAYCOCK,


 JAMES DOYLE,



 JOHN MULLOY,



 ANN JONES
, and 




MARY ANN FLYNN



, for a robbery, with violence, on 



Edward Preston, and stealing from his person a watch, value 30s., his property.


MR. PARNELL
conducted the Prosecution.






EDWARD PRESTON
. I am a plane-maker, and live at 5, Wood-street, Westminster. On Tuesday morning, 18th July, between two and three o'clock, I was going up Dean-street, Westminster, and met the prisoners Jones and Flynn—they stopped me, and wished me to go home with them—I would not at first, but after some talk I consented, and went to 20, St. Ann-street, to the front-room second-floor—both the women went into the room with me—I gave Flynn 4 1/2 d., and she went out to get some gin—Jones remained—she asked me to give her 1s.—I gave it her; and while we were on the bed together I felt her draw my watch out of my pocket—there was a hair guard round my neck, which snapped in two—I snatched at her hand to

get the watch—she said somebody was coming up stairs, and sprang off—I threw her down, mid was trying to get the watch away from her, when Mulloy and Flynn came in—they knocked me down—I got up directly and rushed towards the door, to stop them from escaping, but Mulloy stopped me from going out, and the women escaped—Mulloy said, "What is the matter?"—I said, "You well know what is the matter; she has got my watch"—he said, "I don't want to stop you, cut down stairs after them"—I said, "You know they arc gone, and as they are gone I will stop you"—I called out, "Murder!" and "Police!"—Mulloy dragged me towards the stairs—ue went down the stairs, I still having hold of him—we fell against the front-room door, on the first-floor, and burst it open—there was a light in that room—I kept calling out "Police!" and "Murder."—Doyle and Hay-cock came into that room and knocked me down on the top of a bed—they were not in the room when we burst into it—I got up again, and all the three male prisoners were making their escape; and Doyle being the last on the top of the stairs I ran down and took him by the collar of his coat as he was going down—I scrambled down the stairs with him to the street-door—I then lost my hold, but got up again and ran—he went down St. Ann-street to St. John's-buildings—they got awav, but I kept them in siaht—I saw Nowlan. the policeman, after 1 got up the court where they were—one of them lost a hat, which I saw the constable pick up—I was told it was Doyle's hat—I did not see anybody wear it—Doyle had no hat when he came into the room where I was.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. How long was it after you lost your watch that you were dragged down stairs? A. About five minutes—I had not been in the house above three minutes when I lost my watch—when I laid hold of Mulloy he pulled to get away, and dragged me down stairs with him—the light in the first-floor room was not put out—I had'not been in the room two minutes before the men came—I had been calling out from the time I took hold of Mulloy, and making a great noise—I was not drunk—I had not had anything to drink—I had come from Tower-hill, and was going down Tothill-street, to see if I could get a lodging at a public-house in Dartmouth-street—I had been to the London Docks, and met a friend, to see if I could get a ship—I intended to go as carpenter's mate on board a vessel—I wen: into a public-house about nine—I met my friend close by Tower-hill—I do not know his name—he was a school-mate of mine, at a national school in Westminster—I had not seen him for years, and forget his name—I quitted his company about a quarter-past nine, and I stopped in a public-house seeing some gentlemen play at skittles—I remained there till about twelve, and then went towards Westminster—I was walking about Westminster from twelve to two—I was in no company after I quitted Tower-hill till I met the female prisoners—I did not like to go home, because of waking my parents up—they live at 25, Wood-street, Westminster—I went right by their house—I did not notice any young women at the public-house—I am not in the habit of keeping company with women—I went home with these women because I was tired, and through their persuasions—I was rather in love with Jones—I was not so drunk but I could take care of myself—I knew what I was about—I had been walking two hours—I might have been in the public-bouse three hours—I went to no other public-house—I did not see any other persons in the house when I went up stairs; I did see another female in the room on the first-floor when the door was knocked open—Doyle and Haycock appeared to come up the stairs from the street—I did not see or hear anything of them before they were on the stairs—my watch was gone then—I

swear Doyle was one of the men—there was a great deal of confusion, but I had him in my hand a long while under the lamp.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. You were very tired when you met the women? A.. Yes, rather—I should not have gone home with them if they had not stopped me—I was anxious to get a place to rest—that was one reason why I went home with them—that also accounts for my going on the bed so soon—I had been in the room about three minutes when Jones took my watch—I had never seen them before—I did not see Jones again till Friday at the station—Flynn was with her then—when I went into the house I bad 2s. 4 1/2 d. in my pocket—I gave 4 1/2 d. for gin, and 1s. to Jones—the other shilling remained in my pocket—I had been walking about the streets at Westminster about an hour—I did not speak to any other females, some night have spoken to me, but I did not take any notice—no other female spoke to me during the hour I was walking about—this is the guard that was round my neck—Jones broke it when she took the watch from me—I am quite sure Flynn is the other woman.





WILLIAM NOWLAN
 (policeman, B 56). On Tuesday morning, 18th July, I heard a cry of "Police!" in St. Ann-street—I went towards the place, and saw Doyle in the act of running through St. John's-buildings into St. Ann's-lane, Old Pye-street, from the direction of St. Ann's-court—I ran after him, and lost sight of him—I had known him for three or four years—I saw the prosecutor, and went with him to 20, St. Ann's-court, and found Doyle's hat, about a yard and a half from the door—I know it to be his hat; there is crape on it—I afterwards showed it to Doyle—he said it was his; that on the morning before this occurrence he had given it to Polly Sale's old man—the prisoner Jones went by the name of Sale—I returned back with Preston into St. Ann's-street, and when we came to the end of St. John's-buildings Haycock was standing against the court—Preston pointed him out to me, and I took him into custody—I know that Jones occupied the front-room second-floor at 20, St. Anne-street.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Does Doyle live in the house? Q. No, he lives about 150 yards off, in St. John's-buildings, in the same street—I have seen the man whom Polly Sale associates with—he appears to be a coal—heaver—Doyle had no hat on when I pursued him—the prosecutor appeared perfectly sober—the hat was brought to the station, and is there now—Doyle did not claim it—he wore another when he was apprehended at four o'clock the same morning.





MARK LOOME
 (policeman, B 11). I took Mulloy into custody on Tuesday morning, 18th July, about half-past ten o'clock, at the George and Ball public-house, at the corner of St. Ann's-street, close to where the robbery was committed—there were several others with him—I told him he was charged with others in stealing a watch from a man named Preston, that night—he at first said he knew nothing at all about it, and on the way to the station he said he would not suffer for other persons—on the day following, after he had been before the Magistrate, he called me to the cell door, and said he wanted to speak to me—I went, and he said that on the morning of the robbery, Doyle came and knocked at his door when he was in bed, and said that Ann Sale bad been down to him to go and bounce a man out of her room, and that she had stolen a thimble, (which means a watch,) and that he (Doyle) had lost his hat, and that was all he knew about the robbery—I took Jones and Flynn on the 21st, at 4, Snow's-rents, Westminster—I had been looking for them two or three days—they were both in the room together—I told them they were charged with others in robbing a man of a watch—Jones said

she knew nothing about it—they said they had been over the water that night—I further told Jones that she was charged with robbing another man—I knew her before, and know that she occupied the front-room, second-floor, and Haycock occupied the first-floor—I was before the Magistrate—after the witnesses had been examined, the prisoners were asked if they would say anything—they made a statement—this is Mr. Broderip's writing.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Do a great many people live in that house? A. Yes; there are three or four rooms let out in lodging—the landlady lives next door but one or two.
(The prisoners' statements before the Magistrate were here read)—"The prisoner Doyle says, 'On Monday evening I was standing at the corner of St. Ann's-street, and Mulloy asked me to go to the play with him; while the play was proceeding, we came out, went into a public-house, and had something to drink, and returned to the play, and staid till it was over, five minutes past one o'clock, and came home; previously we had been into a public-house on the other side of the water; we then came home, and were coming down St. Ann's-street; Mulloy came with me close to my door, and there we parted; I heard "Police!" and "Murder!" called up the street; I went up stairs, and saw the prosecutor and another man each holding one another; there were one or two in the room, who they were I do not know; I did not take notice; I asked the prosecutor what was the matter; he said he had lost his watch; with that, he and the other man struggled, and the prosecutor fell on the bed, and the other man got away; the prosecutor followed me down stairs; I thought it my duty to make my escape as well as the others, as I knew nothing about it; the prosecutor stopped me at the corner of John's-court; I asked him what he wanted; he said his watch; I said, "I know nothing about it;" he said, "I thought you were one of the party;" he left me, and then I went towards Tothill-street, and had two pints of beer; I was returning home, and got quarreling with a man in Pye-street; I went towards Mulloy's house, and I certainly did knock him up, but I did not mention the name of Ann Sale, or any other female; I told him about the disturbance, and he got up; we both went to a public-house in Tothill-street, and had two pints of beer; I know nothing of this concern, no further than seeing the two men quarrelling in the room. "—" The prisoner Haycock says, 'I heard the cry of "Murder!" and "Police!" I saw the prosecutor; he turned up a court; I went after him; he was turning back, and I said, "What is the matter?" he said, "I have lost my watch;" with that, the policeman came; he went up, and searched; I followed down the street again; I was talking to some other persons; the constable said, "I want you," and I went to the station with him.'"—(Mulloy stated that he had been to the play with Doyle; that about a quarter of an hour after he had parted with him, he came bach, and said he had been in a row about a watch, and had lost his hat in fighting with with a brewer; that he went with him to look for it, and met the policeman and prosecutor, who took him into custody).—(Jones stated that she and a young woman named Green occupied the room, and were in the habit when out of hiding the hey for each other; that on the night in question she was on the Surrey side of the water, and slept with a young man named Mitchell).—(Flynn alio staled that she was on the other side of the water when the robbery was done).

Mullory's Defence. I went to the play with Doyle, and after we came back I bid him good night, and went to bed; I had not been in bed a quarter of an hour before he came and knocked at my door, with his coat on his arm, and no hat on; he said he had lost his hat in a scuffle with a brewer; then he said he had been in a row with Mr. Preston about this watch, and asked me

to go and see for his hat; I went, and met Preston and the policeman, with, the hat in his hand; I thought it might be Doyle's hat, but I did not like to ask for it, for fear it should not; the policeman asked Preston if I was one; he looked at me, and said it was a taller man than me; I followed them down to some old houses, and then went in-doors; Doyle knows the same, and he knows I was not there.





EDWARD PRESTON

re-examined. Nowlan asked if he was a taller man than me, that meant Doyle; and I said Doyle was taller than me—it was not Mulloy, for I never saw him—I did not see him in Orchard-street.





WILLIAM NOWLAN

re-examined. I saw Mulloy in Orchard-street—I did not ask Preston if he was one of them—I was asking him about Doyle at the time—he did not point to Mulloy, and say, "He was a taller man than you"—Mulloy was five or six yards behind me, and had a short pipe in his mouth, smoking—this was about half an hour after the robbery—he had had plenty of time to go home and come out again—he had been to the station-house while the others were in custody—he appeared to be in liquor.

Haycock's Defence. I heard a cry of "Police!" met Preston at the bottom of the court, and asked him what was the matter; he said, "I have lost my watch;" a policeman then came up; I followed them to where it was done, and was talking to some person at the bottom of the court, when the prosecutor gave me in charge; I am innocent of it.

Flynn's Defence. I am innocent; two days before I was given into custody I was lying in Jones's bed, when the constable entered the room, and if 1 bad been in trouble why did not he take me then I never saw the prosecutor in my life. I did live in the same bouse, but not in the same room; when the prosecutor was at the station-house he only said, "I think I know you."





MARK LOOME

re-examined. I was at the house three days after the robbery, and saw Flynn; but I knew if I took her the other would escape, so I let her alone till I could find them both together—they made their escape from that room the same morning—I know that the male prisoners are in the habit of associating with the females—they are all associates together—I believe Mulloy has not been about Westminster more than a month—I have seen him in company with Doyle, and Haycock also—Haycock cohabits with a woman who lives in the first-floor front-room in that house.

Haycock. I did live in that street, but had left, and went to White Horse-street; I was in Westminster that night; I have seen the other prisoners, but do not associate with them.





EDWARD PRESTON

re-examined. I am certain that Flynn returned into the room with Mulloy after I sent her out for the gin—the gin never came—there was not time for her to have gone for it—I never expressed a doubt about her being the person—she called me to the cell door, and said, "Why the b——b----don't you turn it up?"—I took that to mean not to come up against her.

MULLOY—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—



Confined Eighteen Months.


JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


FLYNN—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined Eighteen Months.


HAYCOCK and DOYLE—


NOT GUILTY
; but were directed to be detained, and indicted as accessories, at the next Session.
(The prisoner Jones was stated to have cohabited with Thomas Sale, who was executed for murder in December last.)
