



1389. 




WILLIAM NSTTLE



, feloniously uttering counterfeit coin, having been before convicted.

Messrs,-Scriven and Clerk conducted the Proterutum.






CITARLES BELLAMY
. I product a copy of the record cf the conviction of William Nettle—I have compared it with the original—it is correct—(road)





WILLIAM WEST
, (polict-rsergeant, F 7) I was present at. the trial of William Nettle, in May, 1846 the prisoner is the man.





ELIZABETH LEONARD
. I am the wife of Frederick Leonard, of Regent-street, Lambeth. On 12th April the prisoner came, to my house at six o'clock is the evening to look at my apartments—I asked him 3s. 6d. a week for them—he said he would take them from the Saturday, and come in on the Monday, and asked if I would take off sixpence a week as he had no

family—I agreed to do so—he referred me to 16, John-street, Lambeth walk, and said he would leave sixpence deposit—he gave me half-a-crown-my husband had just come in from work—he gave me two shillings which I gave to the prisoner—I went after the reference; there was no such persons known—I gave the half-crown to my husband; he afterwards gave it at back—I went out and met Bissett, and pave it him—from the time my husband brought back the half-crown, I had it in my pocket till I gave it the officer. I had no other money.





FRBDEIUCK LEONARD
. I received half-a-crown from my wife on 12th April—I went to the public-house, and found it was bad—I did notion sight of it there—I took it home and gave it my wife—it was the same she gave me.





JOHN BISSETT
, (police-sergeant L 9). I received this half-crown from Mrs. Leonaid—I kept it till the last Sessions—I then gave it t the inspector of the Mint.





ELIZA ALDRIDGE
. I live at Kennington. On 12th April the prisoner came and asked what apartments I had to let—I told him the first-floor-we agreed about the terms, and he offered me a deposit—he asked if I wished a reference—I said, "Yes"—he said, "29, John-street, Lambeth"—I went and found no such person known there—he gave me half-a-crown—I gave him 1s. 6d.—I put the half-crown in my pocket where I had no other money, it remained there three-quarters of an hour, I found it was bad, I new lost sight of it, I gave it to the police-sergeant the same evening.





THOMAS AYLESBURY
 (policeman). I received this half-crown from Mrs. Aldridge—I gave it to the inspector.





WILLIAM WEBSTER
. I am inspector of coin to the Royal Mint—I produce the two half-crowns—they are both counterfeit.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.

