



635. 




JOHN DOLAN
 was again indicted

 for a like offence.


THOMAS LORD. I am in the employ of John Warner and Sons. On

the 9th or 10th of December, I cannot swear which, the prisoner came again with a written request, which he delivered to me—I did not deliver the goods on that order to him—he came again on the 11th with another order, which was shown to me by Fry, the ledger-clerk—Hurst assisted in weighing the lead, and putting it into the cart—the prisoner took the goods away with him.

Cross-examined. Q. Which order did you deliver the goods on? A. On the one dated the 9th—I am certain this is the order he brought—it was filed—I know it from the nature of the goods named in it, and the handwriting—I made no mark on it—it was sent down to Fry, who wrote "Not at present" on it, in red ink—I did not see him write it—I saw that on it on the 11th.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Have you the least doubt of this being the order? A. Not the least—the note of the 11th is only requesting that the goods named in that of the 9th should be sent, having a job at Lord Howick's.
(Order read)—"9th December. Datchett.—You will greatly oblige me by sending by my plumber the following goods: a sheet of lead, a coal-scuttle and scoop, and a water-closet. My plumber will give the dimensions of it. By getting them up directly you will greatly oblige
"M. BIDWELL."





THOMAS HURST
. I assisted in packing the goods referred to, in the prisoner's cart, and saw the carman drive away with them, and the prisoner with him—the order was brought on the 10th in the first instance, I gave it to Lord—I know the note brought on the 11th, and believe that produced is it—Lord sent me to take it into the counting-house to Fry-master ordered me to deliver a sheet of lead to him, which I did.





STEPHEN GEORGE HANOVER
. I am a carman—the prisoner employed roe to take these goods from Warner's—I took them to Mr. Bury, a plumber at Hammersmith, by the prisoner's direction.





MARY BIDWELL
. I live at Datchett. I did not write these orders, or give the prisoner authority to write them—he had left me—I know nothing about the goods at all.

THOMAS LORD
re-examined. This order of 9th was passed from me down to Fry—I know it by the handwriting—I am confident of it.

Cross-examined. Q. How long was it in your possession? A. I suppose about ten minutes—I am quite certain this is it—I read it before I sent it down to Fry.




GUILTY
.* Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Tears.
