



2682. 




JAMES BEADLE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
21st of October, 230lbs. weight of coals, value 3s., the goods of 



Joseph Holl and another, in a barge upon a certain navigable river called 
the Thames; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ALBERT JOHN ASHDOWN
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Holl and Beaven, coal-merchants, at Vauxhall-wharf, Walworth-road. On the evening of the 20th of October we had a barge, called the Agnes, on the Thames—she had two sorts of coals on board—Maddox has produced to me samples of both kinds of coals—they appear to be such as were in the barge—there were coals missing on board.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Who had charge of the barge? A. No one—I did not see the coals—I knew they had such coals on board from the certificate of the meter.

Q. Is there any thing particular about the coals? A. Nothing—there

were two sorts in the barge, and two in the sample—there were 28 tons of Beaton and 67 tons of Russell's High-main—I cannot swear to coals by looking at them.





GEORGE MADDOX
. I am a Thames-police Inspector. I was on duty on one of the police galleys, on the 20th of October—I drove up with the tide—when I got to Lambeth I saw the prisoner in the Agnes, which was deeply laden with coals—it was a dark night, but there was gas-light on shore, about fifty yards from the barge—I saw the prisoner stoop down on board the barge, walk out into a boat alongside, and put something down—he then went into the barge again, picked up something, went into the boat, and dropped it down—it appeared by the fall to be coal—on seeing me he began to make his way on shore in a boat on the other side of the barge—I pursued, and got up to him before he got on shore—I asked how he accounted for being in the barge—he said he went there to seek an anchor—I asked whose boat that was alongside the barge—he said, "I don't know"—I took him alongside the boat, and asked if he knew whose, boat it was—he said, "Yes, it is mine"—I found twenty-two large pieces of coal in the bottom of the boat—they weighed 230lbs.—I asked whose coals they were—he first said he did not know how they came there—I told him I saw him take them out of the barge—he then laid he took them for his own use—I took him on board the station-ship—I examined the barge with a lantern before I left, and found several holes where there had been coals apparently taken out—I did not notice the quality, but I brought a sample out.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Do not you know if you take coals out, they will fall in again directly? A. They were not all flat on the top of the barge—the places were very small, not sufficient to fall down—I could not see which of the rooms he was in—it was very dark—I had these lumps of coals weighed at the Thames-police-office—three constables that were with me, saw the coals in the boat—I believe the prisoner is a dredger-man.





CHARLES HENRY FALCONER
. I am Inspector of the Thames-police. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

