



330. 




GEORGE SMITH



, for a like offence.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL.
 I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of George Smith, at the Sept. Sessions 1844—I have examined it with the original—it is a true copy—(read—George Smith, Convicted Sept., 1844, and confined one year.)





WILLIAM FLANNGAN
 (police-sergeant, S 41.) I was present at the prisoner's trial in Sept., 1844.





CAROLINE MATTHEWS.
 My husband keeps the Fox, at Cowley, in the parish of Hillingdon. On 19th Nov. the prisoner came there, accompanied by two females—they called for a glass of hot gin-and-water—I served it—it

came to 6d.—the prisoner laid down, as I thought, a half-sovereign—I gave him 9s. 6d. in charge—I took the half-sovereign up-stairs, put it into a bureau locked it up, and gave the key to my husband—there was no other half-sovereign there—the next day, in consequence of something that was told me, my husband went up stairs, and when he came down he showed me the same half-sovereign I had taken up the night before—I saw it was bad.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. How did you know it? A. I did not stay to put it with the gold—I laid it with the silver—I did not go up with my husband to fetch it—he had the key—I do not say that I recognize the half-sovereign as the one I had given me the night before.





HENRY MATTHEWS.
 I went up to the bureau on 20th Nov., to get out half-a-sovereign—my wife had given me the key of the bureau the night before, and it had remained in my possession—I found the half-sovereign in the bottom of the bureau—there was no other gold near it—I kept it till the policeman came—he told me to mark it—I did so, and gave it him—this is it—here is my mark on it.

Cross-examined. Q. You put a mark on it? A. Yes, on that Saturday night—I can say that this is the one I took out of the bureau on the Saturday—there might be about 2l. worth of silver in the bureau, and there might be ten or twelve sovereigns in gold, but that was in a bag in the bureau—I know there was a 5l. note changed—I believe the change was in half-sovereigns partly.

MR. PAYNE
to
CAROLINE MATTHEWS.
Q. What gold was in the bureau? A. I do not know exactly—there might have been twenty sovereigns—it was in a bag—I had given change for a 5l. note on Saturday morning—I believe with ten half-sovereigns—we had a good many half-sovereigns, as we generally have—I do not know how I came to put this half-sovereign with the silver, but I did do so—I was in a hurry—I thought they were respectable people, and to accommodate them I took the change out of the bureau, and gave it them.

MR. BODKIN.
Q. Where was the silver? A. Laid down in front, and I laid the half-sovereign there—when I changed the 5l. note I took all the half-sovereigns out of the bag.





MARY ANN CLAYTON.
 My husband keeps the Anchor at Yewsley, which is better than a mile from Mrs. Matthews. On 19th Nov., about half-past six, the prisoner came with two females—he asked for a pint of beer, and while I was drawing it he asked if I could give him change for a half-sovereign—I said I believed I could—I received a half-sovereign from him, and gave him 9s. 10d.—there was some talk about their being in a hurry to go by the train—I laid the half-sovereign on the counter—I afterwards discovered it was bad, and gave it to my husband—I am sure it was the same I received from the prisoner—I went with my husband to the railway-station, and found the prisoner and the two women there—the women were taken—one of them called out "George," and the prisoner looked out of a carriage—I was before the Magistrate on the following morning—I saw the half-sovereign which I had given to my husband produced there—it was put down on the desk—the prisoner caught it, put it up to his mouth, and swallowed it we suppose, we did not see it afterwards.

Cross-examined. Q. You went to the train in consequence of what they said, that they were going by it? A. Yes.





WILLIAM CLAYTON.
 I received a half-sovereign from my wife on 19th of Nov.—I have not the least doubt it was a bad one—I took it wrapped in a bit of paper to the railway, and gave it to the policeman—the prisoner was taken out of the railway-carriage—I was taken before the Magistrate

the next day, and saw the half-sovereign produced—it was laid down on the desk, the prisoner seized it, put it to his mouth and made a motion, and said, "It is gone."

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know it was bad? A. It would not ring—it was very light—I could tell by the weight of it on my finger.





JOSEPH HENRY TAYLOR
 (policeman, F 215.) In consequence of information I took the prisoner at the West Drayton station—I received a half-sovereign from Mr. Clayton—I looked at it—it was bad—I produced it before the Magistrate the next morning—the prisoner sprang forward, took it and swallowed it—he said, "That is where forty more" or "many more are gone"—I found 8s. 6d. on him at the railway—I afterwards found 10s. 8 1/4d.—I asked him where he got that as he had not it before—he said his wife gave it him.





CALEB EDWARD POWELL.
 This half-sovereign is counterfeit—it is made of white metal and galvanized.




GUILTY. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Common Serjeant.

