



2852. 




GEORGE JENKINS
 was indicted

 for a misdemeanor.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






ENOCH JONES
. I am a linen-draper, and live in Plummer's-row, City-road. The prisoner came into my service on the 9th of October, 1839, and left on the 5th of October, 1840—I have never employed him since—I did not send him, on the 21st of June, to Messrs. Cowper to obtain goods on my account, and never received the goods—I know nothing of them—I constantly deal with Messrs. Cowper.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. He was twelve months in your service? A. All but four days—I discharged him for improper conduct.





JAMES NORRIS
. I am a warehouseman in the employ of Messrs. John and Frederick Cowper, St. Paul's Churchyard—I do not know of any other member of the firm. On the 21st of June, about half-past eight o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner in the warehouse—I had not known him in Mr. Jones's service myself—he said he wanted to look at some black-edged gros, which means gros-de-Naples—I showed him some—he selected two pieces, about two hundred yards, worth about 25l.—he then said he wanted to look at ribbons, and went up stairs—I asked him who the grog-de-Naples was for—he said, "For Enoch Jones, City-road"—he left, and said he would call again for them in ten minutes, as I had to measure them, which he did—I had then measured them—he asked if they were ready—I said, "Yes"—it was necessary for him to go below, where Dix, our entering clerk, sits, to have them entered—he went below with me, at my request, to Dix, who I heard ask him who they were for—he said, "Enoch Jones, City-road"—I left him with Dix.

Cross-examined. Q. Is not "John and Frederick Cowper, and Co.," written over your door? A. I am not certain—I have been two years there—I have seen another Mr. Nash—I believe he is the company—he buys Scotch goods—I did not make a memorandum of what the prisoner said—I recollect perfectly well that he said the silk was for Enoch Jones—I saw him shake hands with Wish at the counter—Wish asked him who he lived with now—he said, "With Enoch Jones"—that was the first time, he mentioned Enoch Jones—it was not that he had been in Jones's service, but that he was so; I swear that.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know any thing of Nash being a partner? A. No—I only know of John and Frederick Cowper as partners—I am sure Wish asked where he lived, and he said with Enoch Jones, City-road.





HENRY DIX
. I am entering-clerk at Messrs. Cowpers'—the firm is John and Frederick Cowper, and Co., but the partners are John and Frederick. On the morning of the 21st of June the two pieces of gros-de-Naples were brought to me—I entered them—the lengths were one hundred and one yards each, and the amount 25l. 13s. 4d.—the prisoner came down with Norris—I did not ask who they were for, but Norris had sent down a paper with

them, stating that they were for Enoch Jones—I said to the clerk next to me, "Take down to Enoch Jones."





JAMES NORRIS

re-examined. I sent down with the goods a slip of paper with "Enoch Jones, City-road," on it—that paper is destroyed.





HENRY DIX

re-examined. I tied up the goods, and delivered them to the prisoner, who went away with them—I was not acquainted with him; and as he was going up stairs I called him hack, and said I had not the name of the person taking the goods—he said, "George Jenkins."

Cross-examined. Q. What is written over the door? A. "John and Frederick Cowper, and Co."—I do not know whether Nash is a partner but believe not—Henry Todd used to be a partner, but he has left—I saw the dissolution stated in the newspaper nine or twelve months ago—Nash is employed as Scotch buyer—I never neared of his being a partner—I saw the prisoner leave, and am certain he took the goods—I know nothing of a letter being received from the prisoner from Dublin—I never heard of it.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. The dissolution was before the 21st of June? A. Yes—the words "and Co." have not been painted out—it is a very usual thing to trade under the name of a firm when there is no partner.





WILLIAM WISH
. I was in the prosecutors' service at the time in question—I had been in the employ of Enoch Jones with the prisoner eighteen months ago. I was in the warehouse on the 21st of June, when the prisoner came—I was passing through the silk-room, and shook hands with him—I asked him where he was living—he said he was with Mr. Enoch Jones again, in the City-road—this was in Norris's hearing—I saw him select the goods.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you known him? A. About two years—I knew he had left Jones, and I had not seen him since—my question was not why he did not go back to Jones, nor did he say he could go back if he thought fit, nor any thing of the sort.





WILLIAM SLOPER
. I am clerk to Mr. Herbert Lloyd, of Cheapside, solicitor—Messrs. Cowper are clients of his, and have been so some time. The firm is John and Frederick Cowper—there is no other partner, I know, as I have had a great many legal matters to transact for them.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you known the firm? A. Six or seven years—Mr. Todd, who had been a partner for four or five years, up to thirteen or fourteen months ago, went into business by himself—since that there has been no other partner—I have repeatedly prepared affidavits, in bankruptcy cases, that they are the only persons trading under that firm.




GUILTY
.* Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(The prisoner had already undergone the sentence of transportation for a former conviction.)
