



440. 




MARY HANKING
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
13th of Dec., at All Saints, Poplar, 6 forks, value 8l.; and 8 spoons, 8l.; the goods of 



James Durnford Capel, her master, in the dwelling-house of 



James Durnford Capel, the younger.






MARY ANN CAPEL
. I am the wife of James Durnford Capel, junior, of No. 5, Mary-place, in the parish of All Saints, Poplar. The prisoner was employed by me as needle woman, and sometimes as servant—I left her in charge of the house for five months, while we were out of town—she had been in my house shortly before I discovered this loss—on Friday, the 23rd of Dec.,

I had occasion to look over the plate, and missed six table forks, five table and three tea spoons, from a drawer in my wardrobe, which is generally unlocked while I am at home, but when I was absent from home it was locked—I had not left the prisoner in the house by herself for many months—she had been there on the Tuesday preceding—I gave information to a policeman.





WILLIAM SLADDEN
. I am a policeman. In consequence of directions I received, I went to different pawnbrokers, and afterwards to where the prisoner lived, in Hand-street, St. George's-in-the-East—I told her she was accused of stealing some plate from Mrs. Capel—she denied it—I asked her to allow me to search the premises—she said, "Certainly"—I found nothing relating to the plate—I asked her to accompany me to Prentice, the pawnbroker's, in Mile End-road, which she did, and he identified her, to her face, as the person pawning some plate which I found there—he said, in her presence, she was the person who pawned it—there were three tea-spoons and two table-spoons there—she said, "You make a mistake, Mr. Prentice."





THOMAS PRENTICE
. I am a pawnbroker. I have two table-spoons pawned on the 14th of Dec, by the prisoner, in the name of Mary Harris, and three tea-spoons, by the prisoner, on the 16th, in the same name—I knew her before, she was a customer—there was a crest on the plate—I called her attention to it—she said it was her family crest, they had been in the family some time, and had now come to her.

Prisoner. It is false altogether that I am a customer of his. Witness. She is, I know her well.

MRS. CAPEL
re-examined. These spoons are my husband's—there are six table-forks and three table-spoons still missing—the house had not been broken open at all—nobody bad got in to my knowledge who could steal them—the value of all that was taken was 15l. or 16l.

Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent altogether; the only time I was in Prentice's shop was twice, and that was to buy a pair of pattens and a flatiron.




GUILTY

of stealing under the value of 5l. Aged 35.




Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Justice Wightman.

