



1318. 




MARY LANE
 was again indicted

for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Ayling, at 
All Saints', Poplar, and stealing 1 hearthrug, value 9s., the goods of 



William Midgley.






ANN MIDOLEY
. I am the wife of William Midgley, and lodge in the house of James Ayling, in Park-street, Poplar—it is his dwelling-house. On the 21st of May, about half-past six o'clock in the morning, I was called up by George Ayling, and saw the prisoner in the passage—I was not present when she was taken—the parlour-door was wide open—the beartb-rug was in the policeman's hands—I had left it rolled up behind the parlour door the night before—this is it—(looking at it)—it is my husband's—there is no mark on it—I have had it between two and three months.





GEORGE AYLING
. I am a turner, and live in the house—my father is the landlord—he lives in it himself, and lets it out to lodgers—it is in the parish of Poplar. On the morning of the 21st, about six o'clock, I saw my brother go out of the house—I shut the door after him, and left it locked, but a person could get in by pulling a string outside—I went into the kitchen to breakfast—when I had been down stairs five minutes, a neighbour tapped at the kitchen window—I came up, and found the door wide open—I went out, and saw the prisoner run across the road, with the rug under her arm—she was about twenty or thirty yards from the door—she dropped the rug—I: picked it up, and called, "Stop thief!"—she was stopped by a constable.

Prisoner. There were two women running; a woman with a green shawl

dropped it, and you stopped me; you know I am not the guilty party. Witness. I will take my oath you are the person that dropped it—I did not lose sight of you, and there was nobody by.





CHARLOTTE FREEMAN
. I live at Park-street-place. On the 21st of May I saw the prisoner on Mr. Ayling's step—I am certain it was her—I saw her gently open the street door with the string, go into the passage, turn the handle of the parlour door and go in—I tapped at the window, and said there was a person in Mr. Midgley's parlour—George Ayling came up stairs, and the prisoner ran out, with the rug under her arm.

Prisoner. I never saw you till I was before the Magistrate. Witness. There was no other woman in the street at the time.

Prisoner's Defence. A woman in a green shawl dropped the rug; I picked it up; the young man called, "Stop thief," and I dropped it."




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.

