




1288. 



MARY ANN GILLHAM
 and 



CHARLOTTE JACKSON
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 watch, value 1l.; 1 shawl, 19s.; 9 yards of printed cotton, 4s.; 1 pocket-book, 2s.; and 1 box, 2d.; the goods of 



Thomas Bakewell; and that Jackson had been before convicted of felony; to which


GILLHAM pleaded 


GUILTY
—



Confined Twelve Months.







THOMAS BAKEWELL
. I am servant to Mr. James Hunt, of Sydenham. On the 4th of May, abont three o'clock, I missed from a drawer in my bed-room a shawl, a gown-piece, a watch, and a pocket-book—they had been safe at half-past two the same day—in consequence of information, I sent for a policeman, and showed me a gown-piece and shawl which I had lost—the watch and pocket-book produced are my property, and were in my drawers—I know this box.





THOMAS CAMPBELL
 (police-constable R 146.) In consequence of information, on the 4th of May, I went to Deptford, and traced both prisoners to a pawnbroker's—I went into the shop, and Gillham pledging the shawl—I took it from her—Jackson was in the next box—I saw her coming out with a small basket—I asked her if it was her property—she said, "yes"—it contained a small box—she said it was her own—the gown-piece was given me by the shopman in the prisoner's presence—he said Jackson had brought it there, and left it on the counter





SARAH AVELEIGH
. I am the wife of a policeman—I live at the station, and search female prisoners. On the 4th of May the prisoners were brought in—I searched Jackson, and found a watch, rolled up in a handkerchief, in her pocket—I took it from her—she said that was the worst job of all.





JAMES PHIPPS
. I am a coal-dealer. On the 4th of May, at half-past two or three o'clock, I went with some coals to Mr. Hunt's, Bakewell's master—I saw both prisoners about a hundred yards from the gate, sitting on the side of the road, talking together—I saw Gillham open the gate, and go in—Jackson walked about a hundred yards further, and stopped till Gillham came out—I saw her come out—they went down the road together.
(The prisoner Jackson put in a written defence, stating, that she went of with Gillham, who proposed that they should take anything they could find at the first house they came to; that she refused to join her in any such thing; that Gillham promised she would not do so, and then left her, and went to the house; that she did not wait for her, but walked on, and Gillham came to her with a bundle.)





JOSIAH VINCENT
 (police-constable R 16.) I produce a certificate pf Jackson's former conviction—(read—Convicted Aug., 1844, and confined three months)—I was present at the trial—she is the person—she has been in custody two or three times since.

JACKSON—


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

