




13. 



SARAH HUXFORD



, stealing a leather-bag, value 4d., four sove-reigns, 6 half-sovereigns, I crown, 16 half-crowns, 14 shillings, and 6 pence; the property of 



Robert Reeve, in his dwelling-house; and 




HENRY GOODSON



, feloniously meaning the same to which



HUXFORD pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.






ROBERT REEVE
. I live at 10, Old Fish-street, Doctors'-commons. On 28th Oct. I had 11l. 12s. 6d. in a box in my bed-room—I was fetched home from work about seven o'clock, and it was gone—Huxford was employed in my house that day cleaning the place—her sister was in my service.





MARY ANN REEVE
. I missed the money as soon as Huxford left, a little after five on 28th Oct.—I have seen Goodson in my place when we lived next door, but not in this house—he is a picture-frame maker—I had told Huxford on Friday that Mr. Reeve had got his rent money, and was going to pay it next morning, but we had not enough by 1s. 3d. to do so—the box in which the money was kept was not locked.





SAMUEL MARTIN
. I keep the Forester's Arms beer-shop, in Union-street, Borough. Goodson was my waiter for nearly three months—he left me of his own accord, on 23rd Oct.—he came back on 28th, and saw my wife—I was not present—he came on Sunday the 29th, about ten o'clock, and said he had met with a friend who had lent him a few pounds, and gave me 2l.—he owed me about 1l. 14s.—I gave him an I O U for it—the officer came and apprehended him that same night, about a quarter to twelve—I went to the door to see what was the matter—Goodson put out his hand, and some money dropped from it which the officer picked up—Huxford had come to the house with him, but had gone out at the time the officer came—they had been up stairs in the club-room—a number of other persons were there—during the time Goodson lived with me I had seen Huxford there several times, but I did not know that there was any particular intimacy between them.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Has Goodson borne a good character? A. He has—when the money dropped from his hand he was holding it out to me, but I did not take it, and it fell.





JOHN STOREY
 (City-policeman, 414). I went with Mr. and Mrs. Reeve to Martin's beer-shop, on Sunday night, 29th Oct., about twelve o'clock—I saw Huxford come out with another female, and go to an oyster-shop—I then went in, and took Goodson—in coming out, he took some money out of his pocket, and endeavoured to pass it to the landlord—it dropped in the street—I picked it up—it was four half-sovereigns, and a sovereign he had in his hand—I found on him this I O U for 2l. and 1s. 8d., in copper—he struggled, and tried to get away—Huxford came up, and passed 1s. to another female which I took out of her hand—I asked Goodson at the station where he had got the money from—he said he had picked up a purse in one of the recesses on London-bridge with 5l. in it—he afterwards said it was 6l. 13s.—I was present when he was under examination before the late Lord Mayor, and made a statement—this is the Lord Mayor's signature—the prisoner also signed it, but I am not sure that I saw him do so—the part that is printed was also read over to him—(read—"Henry Goodson saith as follows: I have kept company with her a long while; on Saturday night we stopped out together, and going over London-bridge in the morning I picked up in one of the recesses an old green purse with 6l. 13s. in it, and we were so pleased that we would not go home, and we went to enjoy ourselves a little, and then I went to Mr. Martin's as usual; I had not been there a great while when the officer came, and took me into custody; in coming down stairs I took the money out of my waistcoat-pocket to give to Mr. Martin to take care of it for me, and it dropped down; that is all I know about it."
(Goodson received a good character.)




NOT GUILTY
.
