



815. 




DANIEL COOPER
 was again indicted

 for unlawfully obtaining money under false pretences. 


MR. CLARKSON


conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY CHARLES KNELL
. I am a timber merchant, of Lambeth—my mother was summoned to the Southwark County Court by Mr. Emmett in the early part of Dec.—one was abandoned, and then we had a second summons—the amount of the debt was 1l. 8s., and costs—in Jan. the prisoner came to my office—I had not known him before—he said he called from the County Court about Emmett's affair—I asked if he would take the money as I offered to pay it—I did not understand that he had seen Emmett before—I understood him to come from the Court as an officer of the Court—he went away, and in a day or two afterwards called, and said he had been to Emmett and had seen him, and he had agreed to take the money as I proposed—that was without a hearing fee—the amount was 1l. 11s. 6d.—I gave him a sovereign, and the rest in silver—he said, "I have not one of our receipts, but if you will take a memorandum now, I will send you one"—he gave me this memorandum—(read—" Received, 6th Jan., 1849, 1l. 11s. 6d. to settle this debt and summons. Gordon Emmett, 49, Lisle-street, Leicester-square. Daniel Cooper")—he then went away—if I had known he was not an officer of the County Court, and had nothing to do with the receipts of the Court, and had not seen Mr. Emmett, I certainly should not have paid him the money.





GORDON EMMETT
. I carry on business in Lisle-street, Leicester-square—I took out a summons against Mrs. Elizabeth Knell for 1l. 11s. 6d., but her name being Mary I had to pay the hearing fees, abandon that, and take out a fresh summons—the hearing fee was to be allowed in the next caseon 6th Jan. the prisoner called on me—I had not authorised him to go to Mrs. Knell and tell him that I would not take the money without the hearing fee, and then to say I would take it—I never saw him till 6th Jan., when he tendered the money without the fee and I would not take it—the hearing was on 10th Jan.—the prisoner appeared on Mrs. Knell's account—he wanted a month to pay it in—I believe he was sworn—we did not go before the Judge, but before the arbitrator—the money was ordered to be paid on the 17th, but it was not—on the following Saturday I called and met the prisoner on the steps—I asked if it was paid, and he said, "No"—I said, "You have spent it"—he said, "I have."


Prisoner. Previous to seeing you I saw your wife. Witness. I believe you saw her one day—I believe you tendered me the money short the 4s. 9d.





EDWIN PINKS
 The prisoner never brought any money in the case of Emmett and Knell, and he has nothing to do with the Court.
(The prisoner, in his defence, stated that he acted as an agent, and that Mr. King paid him the money to take to Mr. Emmett, who would not take it without the 4s. 9d. for the hearing fee.)




GUILTY
 Aged 49.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

