




792. 




GEORGE SAMS
 and 




GEORGE CANNON
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
13th of February, 3 shirts, value 3s.; 4 yards of flannel, value 6s.; and 1 shawl, value 1s.; the goods of 



Ann Sidell.—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 



Thomas William Gent.






ANN SIDELL
. I am a widow, and keep a lodging-house in Friday-street, Cheapside. The prisoners lodged with me at different times for about two months—in the room where Cannon slept there was a box belonging to Mr. Thomas William Gent, containing clothes and books—it was left in my care—on the 13th of February the prisoner Sams was in Cannon's room in the evening for two hours—the box was kept in the room Cannon slept in—I heard a noise of knocking, as if with a hammer, while they were in the room—Noble, a policeman, lodges in the same room with Cannon—he came home on the 14th—in consequence of what he told me I went up stairs into Cannon's room, and Noble lifted up the lid of the chest—a gimlet and hammer laid there, the hammer belonged to me, the gimlet to Sams—I keep the hammer generally in the skullery, at the back of the kitchen—I directed my daughter to mark some shirts, shawls, flannels, and a handkerchief, which were still in the box—shortly afterwards the prisoner Sams went up into that room—he stopped there about half-an-hour—when be came down I desired my daughter to go up stairs to see if anything was gone—these are part of the articles—(looking at them.)

Sams. I took the hammer up to knock a pannel in the wainscoting of the room, which I was obliged to take out, to get Cannon from one bed into another, and the gimlet I had to put the nails into the piece of wood again.





JOHN ORBELL
. I am shopman to Daniel Reeve, a pawnbroker, in Redcross-street On the 16th of February, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner Cannon in the shop, in company with Sams, who stood behind him—Cannon pledged these three flannel shirts, in the name of John Gent, for 6s.—this is the counterpart of the duplicate I gave.





ELIZA ANN SIDELL
. I live with my mother. These articles are the same I marked in Mr. Gent's chest, on the morning of the 14th—I missed them about five minutes after Sams went out—I had seen Cannon about five minutes before Sams went out, in the kitchen—he was not out when I marked the things.





JAMES STOCKFORD
 (City police-constable, No. 326.) On the 14th of February I was sent for to Mrs. Sidell's house, and in consequence of what she said I waited in the kitchen for the return of the prisoners—they came in together, about a quarter past five o'clock—I told Mrs. Sidell to tax them

with this, in consequence of what I had seen in the box—she did so—they denied it—I searched Sams, and in his watch-fob I found these four duplicates, one of the shirts now produced, and the flannels—I then went with Mrs. Sidell's daughter to different pawnbrokers, and found the things produced—I found a key on Sams—I searched his box, and found a screw-driver and a lock, which appeared to have been taken off Mr. Gent's box—another lock was placed on—this is the key of the lock now placed on the chest.

SAMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

CANNON—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.




Transported for seven Years.
