



867. 




JAMES GROVES
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
9th of February, 1 sheep, value 30s.; the property of 



Samuel Jordan. 2ND COUNT, for killing the same, with intent to steal the carcase.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL JORDAN
. I am a farmer, and live at Stanwell—I had two hundred and forty-six sheep in a field, in the parish of Bedfont, on Monday, the 5th of February—I was informed on the Wednesday, that one was missing—a skin was shown me on the Thursday, which I am quite sure was one of the two hundred and forty-six—I had a mark on it—I saw the head, and compared the skin with it—it exactly corresponded.





DANIEL DORSET
. I am shepherd to Mr. Jordan, and had charge of his flock of sheep—On Monday, there were two hundred and forty-six—I counted them on Wednesday morning, and there were only two hundred and forty-five—I saw the skin on Wednesday afternoon, and knew it again—it was the skin of one of the sheep found in the field—I saw it compared with the skin on the head, and it fitted.





THOMAS BRAY
 (police-constable T 208.) On Wednesday, the 10th, in consequence of information, I searched for the skin of a sheep—I found one in a ditch, in the adjoining field to Mr. Jordan's flock—I showed that skin to Mr. Jordan, and he identified it as one of his—I then went to the prisoner's house, and found in his bed this hatchet tinged with blood—it had been wiped, but not clean—it appeared to me to be fresh blood—I afterwards found the carcase and head of a sheep, in an empty cottage next to the prisoner's—the doors of the two houses are within five feet of each other—the back door of the house was open—the carcase was cut into four quarters, and the head separated—I saw the skin of the sheep

compared with the head—it fitted altogether, bones and all—I afterwards took the prisoner into custody—I compared his shoes with some footmarks—they are very particular shoes—one has half a tip, and they are of different sizes—one is half an inch longer than the other—the shoes tallied with the impressions in all respects—I traced the marks from the cottage where the carcase was found, to the place where the sheep was slaughtered, and again from there down the side of a hedge, and through a gap where some of the bloody wool was lodged—it appeared to hate been thrown over another hedge, for some of the wool was on the hedge.

Prisoner. When the head and skin were at the Magistrate's, the constable took the axe, and smeared it on the head, and made it all bloody, and wrapped it up in paper directly. Witness. I did not—the inspector did look at the hatchet, hut he did not touch it—he held it to the head to see whether it corresponded with a mark in the hatchet—there was a mark in the hone of the head, where it was cut off.




GUILTY
.* Aged 30.—


Transported for fifteen Years.
