




2002. 




WILLIAM FLORENCE
 and 




ELIZA SMITH



, for a robbery on 



Samuel Prout, and stealing from his person 1 watch, value 4L., his goods; Florence having been twice before convicted of felony.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL PEOUT
. I am a pianoforte-manufacturer, of Walcot-square. On 16th July, about two o'clock in the morning, I saw Smith near the Horse-guards—she asked me to treat her to a bottle of ginger-beer, and to go to see her apartments—we went to St. Ann-street, "Westminster—after being in the room three or four minutes, Florence knocked at the door, and inquired who sas there—she said, "I have a gentleman here"—he said, "Let me in"—she opened the door—he came in, and struck me a violent blow in the face—I kept the mark about nine days—they both got round me, and got my watch off the gold guard, and opened the window—I had seen it safe not a minute before I went in—they gave me a chance to escape, and I did so—I called, "Police!"—found one, two or three yards off, we went into the place, searched for the watch, but did not find it—it was worth 4l. 10s.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILDE. Q. Where had you been to? A. To the Hampstead-road on a visit—I had had some ale—I do not think I drank a pint and a half—I had no brandy—I did not quarrel with Smith—I paid her 1s.—I did not strike her—I was sober.





WILLIAM NOWLAN
 (policeman, B 56). I was on duty in St. Ann-street, about two o'clock—I heard "Police!"—I went in and saw Prout and the prisoners—Prout was bleeding—I saw Florence's arm in the act of throwing some-thing out of the window towards the bottom of the court—he had his head out of the window—I searched the room, and told another policeman to search the court—I afterwards took a lamp and searched a rubbish heap in the court—there were twenty or thirty thieves there who I knew—we found no watch—I returned to the room—Florence raised the window, saying it was rather warm, and bounced through it—I caught hold of his coat, it gave way, and he fell—I caught him in the next street—Prout was quite sober.

Cross-examined. Q. Was there any light in the room? A. Not before I entered—Florence said he heard a row in the room, and went to Smith's

assistance—Smith said she struck Prout because she would not comply without he gave her 1s.





JOSEPH BUTCHER
 (policeman). Nowlan left me to watch the door—I heard something thrown out of the window—it sounded like a watch—Lawrence asked if I had seen his shoe in the court—I swear that it was not a shoe that fell—I searched, but found no watch.





JOSEPH THOMPSON
 (policeman). I produce a certificate—(read—John Smith, convicted Feb. 1845, and confined two months)—I was present—Florence is the man.





WILLIAM WEST
. I produce a certificate—(read—John Smith, convicted Jan. 1847, and confined six months and six weeks, solitary)—I was present-Florence is the man.

FLORENCE—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.


SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

