





1793. 




FRANCIS MITCHELL
 and 




JOHN O'BRIEN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
19th of May, 1 handkerchief, vulue 1s., the goods of 



William Pulford, from his person.






JOHN EATON
 (police-constable S 193.) On the 19th of May I was on duty in plain clothes, in St. James's-park, and saw the two prisoners for some time, walking and talking together—I saw them both go behind the prosecutor, and saw O'Brien put his left hand into his coat-pocket, take the handkerchief out, and put it into his own trowsers' pocket—Mitchell was covering him, standing close behind him, to hide him from view—I immediately laid hold of O'Brien, took the handkerchief out of his trowsers' pocket, and called the prosecutor's attention—Handcok took Mitchell—had seen them together in company with a third, when her Majesty was going to St. James's-palace—this was on her return—the third one was not with them then—before they went to the prosecutor I had seen them go behind another gentleman's pocket, and saw Mitchell sound the pocket, feel at the bottom, and I saw O'Brien put his hand into that gentleman's pocket, and take a handkerchief partly out, but being a cotton one, they left it, and went directly to the prosecutor.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you mean to say they were both together when Mitchell what you call "sounded" the pocket? A. Yes, close together—there was a great crowd—I am quite positive about O'Brien's taking the handkerchief partly out—I told the Magistrate that, but they do not always take down every thing we state—Handcock and I were close together, and were both in plain clothes.





JOHN SIMS HANDCOCK
 (police-constable S 38.) I was with Eaton, in St. James's-park—I observed the two prisoners several times in the course of the afternoon, in company with a third person, as the Queen went to St. James's—on her return, I saw the two prisoners, in company together—I saw O'Brien put his hand into the prosecutor's right-hand coat-pocket, and take out the handkerchief, and put it into his trowsers' pocket—Mitchell was standing behind him at the time, covering him—that is the way in which pockets are frequently picked—I took Mitchell, and Eaton took O'Brien—I found this skeleton-key on Mitchell—I had seen Mitchell attempt a gentleman's pocket about a minute or two before, and O'Brien was with him, standing by his side—I saw O'Brien put his hand into that packet, and pull the handkerchief half-way out—it appeared to be a cotton handkerchief.





WILLIAM PULFORD
. I was in St. James's Park—the policeman told roe that my pocket had been picked, and produced the handkerchief to me—this is it—the prisoners were in custody.
(Nicholas O'Brien, publican, George-street, St. Giles's; James Hobbs, printer, No. 21, Church-street; Thomas Kennedy, No. 4, Buckeridge-street, St. Giles's, lodging-house keeper; deposed to Mitchell's good character, and James Allen, labourer, No. 28, Short's-gardens to that of O'Brien.)

MITCHELL—



GUILTY
. Aged 18.

O'BRIEN—

GUlLTY
. Aged 20. 




Transported for Twelve Years,

