






618. 




JOHN MUIRES,



 PATRICK SCULLY,



 DENNIS SULLIVAN
, and 




JOSEPH CALLAGHAN



, were indicted for assaulting 



John Squire, and rescuing 


John Witty, from lawful custody.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
CLARKE
conducted the Prosecution.






MARIA BAKER
. I am the wife of Henry Baker, a tobacconist, of Gravel-lane, Southwark. On Sunday evening, the 3rd of Jan., about twenty minutes past seven o'clock, some cigars were taken out of the shop—I made a complaint to Squire the constable—he followed me into a public-house—there were several people there, and a person named Witty among others—I identified him as the man who had taken the cigars—I had seen them in his hand—I pointed him out to Squire, and gave him in charge—Squire was on duty—he was dressed as a policeman—the four prisoners were together in the public-house, and more persons besides—I was not there many minutes—I said, "That is the man I saw take my cigars"—Squuire said to him, "You must go with me"—one of the prisoners (I cannot say which) said, "Do not take him, he is innocent"—my husband fetched me from the public-house and I heard nothing further till I heard a noise in the street—Witty was tried here last session—I was a witness—he was the person I saw in the public-house.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALDWIN. Q. Have you said before, that you pointed him out to Squire and gave him in charge? A. Yes, every time I was asked about it—I said so at the police-office more than once.





JOHN SQUIRE
 (policeman M 134.) On Sunday, the 3rd of Jan., I was on duty near Baker's house—Mr. Baker complained to me of a felony having been committed—I desired her to go to the Tailors' Arms, Gravel-lane—she went in—I followed her, and found fifteen or sixteen persons assembled—the prisoners were there, and john Witty among them—Mr. Baker pointed him out in the hearing of all the men there, as the man who stole the cigars—I told him he must go with me to the station-house, that Mr. Baker accused him of stealing cigars—he said he would not—I told him he had better come quietly—he replied again that he would not—the prisoner Muires immediately said, "I am d—d if he shall"—I told him again, he

had better come quietly—he said he would not, and the rest of them bustled round me and pushed me away from him—I did not capture him then—they stood before me, and prevented me getting up to him—I went for assistance—met sergeant Payne, and Richards a police-constable, very near the house, returned to the public-house with them, and found Witty and all the men there—we told him we had come to take him, for stealing the cigars—the prisoners all four said, he should not go, and so did Ambrose, a man who was not taken—I got up by Witty and seized him—I had to force my way through these men to do so—just as I got hold of him, some one (I do not know who it was) put a quart-pot into his hand—he then made a blow at at sergeant Payne, forcing his way in with a quart-pot—I caught the blow with my arm, and took the pot from him—a scuffle ensued—Scully immediately said, "Well, he shall go," caught hold of him by the hand, and succeeded in dragging him to the door—when they got out, they all shut the door against us, pushing Witty out, and keeping us in—I ran out at the sidedoor, down Ewer-street, to Union-street, after him—I lost sight of him among the people in Union-street, and he escaped—I cannot say whether any of the constables took hold of Witty besides me—I was struck by Muires in the public-house several time—we had a considerable struggle.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Was it after Witty had been excluded from the house that Muires struck you? A. That was when we came back the second time to take him into custody—there was no blow struck the first time—Witty was behind the prisoners at the time I received the blow from Muires—I was endeavouring to get past Muires to get hold of Witty—I forced my way in as well as I could—he struck me with his fist.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALDWIN. Q. Did scully do anything to prevent your taking him? Yes, by hustling round me—he moved from one side of the room to the other—when Muires was going to the door he went with them towards the door to put Witty out—he was one of the crowd.





BENJAMIN PAYNE
 (police-sergeant.) On the 3rd of Jan. I was going my rounds, received a communication from Squire, and accompanied him to the Tailors' Arms—Richards went with us—Witty was pointed out as having stolen cigars—I went up to him, and told him on what charge we should take him—he was then surrounded by ten or a dozen persons, and the four prisoners among them—I went up to lay my hand on him—Muires came up to me and said, "He shall not go"—I told Witty to come quietly—Muir placed himself in front of me—struck at me, and said, "he would be b—if he should go"—at that time Scully and Ambrose laid hold of me by the collar—I succeeded in getting Witty close to one of the doors—I had hold of him at the time when Muires struck at me again to release my hold of Witty—he knocked my hold away, and I fell outside the door; at the same time Scully had hold of me—Scully and Ambrose fell with me outside the door—while I was on the ground Witty escaped—I got up and chased him down Ewer-street—I did not see how Witty got the quart-pot—he went to make a blow at me with it, but Squire warded it off and received the blow on his own arm.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE
Q. Where was Witty when Muires struck you? A. Just inside the door, there was great confusion all the time—there were about a dozen persons there besides the officers—I was not in the least excited—my great object was, to secure Witty—I am certain it was Muires that struck me—he struck me in the chest—I was very sore for some days after.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Before the confusion began, did you, in the presence of all the prisoners, state that you came to take Witty for felony? A. I did—I knew them all before, and they know that I was a constable.






JOHN SQUIRE

re-examined. I known the prisoners for years, and they knew me.





THOMAS RICHARDS
 (policeman.) I accompanied sergeant to the Tailors' Arms—Squire told Witty he was going to take him, and said you must go with me to the station for stealing some cigars—he did not name the people he had stolen them from—Muires and the other prisoners said, "Don't you go, Witty"—Witty was behind them—they had got "round him, between him and the officer—he said, "he would not go," and they said, "You shall not go," and used oaths to that effect—Muires put his fist up in the sergeant's face, and said, "I am b—if you shall go"—Squire laid hold of Witty—the sergeant laid hold of him, and Muires struck the sergeant a violent blow—they succeeded in getting Witty near the door—all the prisoners pulled the sergeant, myself, and Squire, away from the prisoner—one of the prisoners (Sullivan I believe, but am not positive,) gave Witty a quart-pot, Witty was about to strike the sergeant on the head with it—I said, "He is about to strike you with the quart-pot"—Squire put up his arm and received the blow—we got him to the door—Muires and the other prisoners dragged the sergeant and myself—I was behind trying to pull them away from Witty—they got him to the door, and got him away, and Ambrose stood at the door and let him out—they then put their backs to the door to prevent us going out—I saw Muires strike sergeant Payne—he fell outside the house.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Was not Muires in the custody of sergeant Payne and Squire at the time he struck him? A. No., it was before that—when he had Witty in custody—it was to rescue Witty—I afterwards saw Muires in the custody of sergeant Payne and Squire.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Was not Muires in the custody of sergeant Payne and Squire at the time he struck him? A. No. it was before that—when he had Witty in custody—it was to rescue Witty—I afterwards saw Muires in the custody of sergeant Payne and Squire.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALDWIN. Q. You think Sullivan was the man who had the quart-pot? A. I belive he is the man who gave it to Witty—it was passed behind a beer-butt—I said so at the Police-office—this is my signature to the deposition; it was read over to me when I signed it—I said it was Sullivan that gave Witty the quart-pot—if I say there it was Callaghan it must be a mistake in taking it down.,

Callaghan. Q. Did you see the quart-pot in my hand? A. I say I did not—the prisoners stood side by side, as they do now, at the time the pot was passed.

MR. BALDWIN
to
MRS. BAKER. Q. You have said to-day, you went to the public-house and gave Witty in charge, did you say that before? A. Yes——(the witness's deposition being read, stated that she went to the public-house is give Witty in charge.)





JOHN SQUIRE

re-examined. I produce a certificate of Witty's conviction from Mr. Clark's office—(read—Convicted Jan., 1847, for stealing 12 cigars, having been before convicted of felony, and transported for seven years)—I was present at the trial—the person convicted was the person who was rescued from my custody on the 3rd Jan.—(the record of Witty's conviction was here put in and read.)

Scully's Defence. I was in the public-house; I was at the other end of the room when they came in; I had been as far as the cigar-shop with Witty; I was with the policeman when he laid hold of him; he got out of the public-house, and went down Ewer-street; they came in and took him, and I went as far as the cigar-shop with him.





JOHN SQUIRE

re-examined. The prisoner Witty was taken about eleven that night, and went quietly then.

Callaghan's Defence. I went to the Tailor's Arms with the prisoners, the policeman and a woman came in, the woman said, "There he is;" she went out, and the policeman went up to Witty, and said, "I want you;" he said, "What for?" the policeman went out, and came in again with two more;

there was a scuffle, and I went with my friend to look at it; Witty got out of the house; there was no violence used to rescue him; nobody rescued him.





JOHN SQUIRE

re-examined. I am certain the whole four of the prisoners pushed Witty out—I saw Callaghan pesh him out.

MUIRES**—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

SCULLY—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

CALLAGHAN**—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

SULLIVAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.







Transported for Seven Years.

