




1825. 




MARY ANN WOODS
 and 



JOHN MOORE
 were indicted for

 a robbery on 



James Legrave, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 pair of trowsers, value 2s.; 3 sovereigns, 7 half-sovereigns, 1 half-crown, 1 shilling, and 3 pence; his property; and immediately before, at the time of, and after the said robbery, beating, striking, and using other personal violence to him; and that Woods had been before convicted of felony.







JAMES LEGRAVE
. I am a chaser, and live in East-street, Lambeth. On the 20th of June, near two o'clock in the morning, I was in a public-house in Tothill-street, Westminster—I went there about half-past one, and found the doors open—I was in liquor when I went in—I went to get more—I found Woods there—I had never seen her before to my knowledge—she proposed to take me to her room, I agreed and went with her—she took me a short distance, down a court, I do not know the name of it, into a house, and into a back room on the ground floor—there was a bed in the room—I undressed, and put my clothes a little distance from the bed where I could see them—I had three sovereigns and seven half-sovereigns in my trowsers pocket, and about five shillings in silver and copper in my fob pocket—(1 am single, and lodge with my brother)—I got into bed, and the prisoner got into bed with her clothes on—I saw her look towards my trowsers which caused me to have suspicion—she asked me to go to sleep—I told her I did not feel inclined for sleep—she jumped out of bed and seized my trowsers—I jumped out and seized hold of them also—she commenced striking me with her fist, and pulled me towards the passage—it is a long passage—I there saw two soldiers—they came in but did nothing—she kept beating me and pulling me along the passage, trying to get me towards the street door—I kept hold of my trowsers all the time—she got me to the front door, and there got possession of my trowsers, and bundled me out—I had nothing on but my shirt—I went up to the door again, and she knocked me down—I went up again and was knocked down again—they then closed the door, but I rushed at it and burst it in, and gained possession of my trowsers again in the passage—I found her in the passage with my trowsers in her hand—I cannot say whether she was doing anything with them, but I seized hold of her again in the passage—she had some instrument in her hand—I do not know whether it was a knife or what it was, and she said, "I will cut your bhands off"—in the meantime the soldier (Moore) said, "Give it him"—she then cut the fob off with some instrument she had in her hand—I retained possession of the fob with the money in it, and I was pulling away at the trowsers at the same time—she also took a piece out of my ear with the instrument, and likewise made a wound in my wrist, which has not healed yet—she was beating me all the time—she then got me into the back yard and kept beating me there very violently—a man in a blouse (not Moore) came, and while we were struggling a half-crown and some halfpence dropped from my fob which was in my hand—she said to the man. "Why don't you assist me?"—he picked up the money that fell down and went away, and the prisoners also—they all went away together leaving me in possession of the trowsers—I then went into the room where it occurred, and put on my things—a policeman came in and told me something—I went with him to a public-house in Orchard-street, and gave Woods in charge.

Woods. He wanted to pull me about in an indecent manner, and almost strangled me; he put threepence on the table, and I said I was not going to bed with him for that. Witness. It is false; no money was offered, or any thing of the kind.





WILLIAM BLAKE
. I live in Union-court, Orchard-street, Westminster. About three o'clock on this morning I heard the prosecutor sing out, "Police, police, murder"—I hove up the window and looked out and saw Woods ill-using the prosecutor in a most dreadful sort of manner—she ran out and knocked him right down on his back—I said to her, "O, Mary Ann, be

quiet, for shame"—as he tried to get up she pushed him down again as hard as she could with both hands till the blood flew from his nose, and she was from her hand to her elbow in blood—I heard him say, "My money, my money "—he said he had lost sovereigns—he was out in the court at the time, in his shirt—she said, "You bb, I will cut your brains out"—she ran from him and pushed the door to—I sung out to him for God's sake to keep away, but he ran at the door after her—she came back into the court and knocked him down again—I saw Moore, who is in the Coldstreams, and a Scotch Fusileer also—I spoke to them, and Moore made use of a vulgar expression—I said, "I hope you know yourself better, seeing my wife and children round me "—with that Woods said, "Come along with me and we will do for him," and they went away into the passage.

Woods. Q. Did you see anything in my hand? A. No—I did not see the prosecutor strike you.





HENRY HERRIDGE
. I lodge over Blake—he awoke me—I heard a cry of "Police" and "Murder"—I put on my trowsers, and ran down into the court—I there saw the prosecutor struggling with Woods to get possession of his trowsers—Moore was not doing anything—he was only in the passage—Woods up with her right hand and hit him a crack under his nose which made him stagger, and let go of his trowsers—I saw a half-crown and three halfpence fall and saw a man in a blouse pick them up—he gave the three halfpence to Woods and kept the half-crown—they went away together afterwards.

Woods. I was in liquor, and the man in the blouse set me on to ill-use the prosecutor. Witness. She was intoxicated.





ROBERT JONES
. I was at the King's Head in Orchard-st., a little after three o'clock—I saw Woods come there, with two soldiers, and a civilian, who had on a kind of blouse—the soldiers were rather the worse for liquor—the other two were not so bad—the man in the blouse paid for what they had to drink—I did not notice what he paid with—the prosecutor afterwards came in—he was bleeding from the ear—the Coldstream soldier saw him, and gate Woods a nudge, and she went and got behind a cab man, and covered herself over with a shawl, and pretended to be asleep—a policeman came in and took her into custody there.





JAMES BUCHANAN
 (policeman.) I took the prisoners—Moore said at the time that he saw the assault, but did not interfere in it in any way.

Woods' Defence. I know nothing about the money; I was very much in liquor; I should not have struck him, but he came and knocked at the door; I was forced to defend myself, or I should have been dead; 1 never saw Moore before; he knows nothing about it; he was not there when we first had the row; he came down to see a girl in the court; the man in the blouse told me to ill use the man, and do what I liked to him; that man was perfect stranger to me; we did not go away together; the man in the blouse went away before me; Jones owes me a grudge, and has come against me because I would not go with him one night.

Moore's Defence. I was going along Orchard-street to my barracks; I heard a noise, and saw the man and woman fighting; I was in liquor and took no notice; when I was fetched to the station the prosecutor said he was sorry they had taken me, and shook hands with me, and said he had nothing to say against me.





WILLIAM CEAPLAN
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of Woods former conviction—(read)—I was present at the trial—she is the same woman.

WOODS—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


MOORE—


NOT GUILTY
.


Before Mr. Justice Williams.

