



1646. 




JOHN WILLIAM SOUTH



, stealing 2 100l.-notes, 2 50l.-notes, 2 10l.-notes, and 2 5l.-notes; the moneys of 



William Tipple; having been before convicted.


MR. METCALFE
conducted the Prosecution.







CHARLES ROGERS
. I am cashier in the bank of Sir Charles Price and Co. On 2d July I paid a check for 342l. 19s. 10d., drawn by Mr. Francis—I paid 340l. in bank-notes—I paid 5l.-notes from Nos. 55717 to 55720—the notes which are produced are part of what I gave.





WILLIAM TIPPLE
. I live at 8, Montague-cottages, King's-road. On 2d July I received at the bankers 340l. in bank-notes—I retained two 5l.-notes myself, and gave my wife 330l.—I and my wife were on that evening in Exmouth-street—three persons behind pushed against us, and pushed us forward, I fell on my kness, my wife fell and hurt her face, and got a black eye—I never saw the prisoner that I know of.





ELIZABETH TIPPLE
. I am the wife of William Tipple. I received these notes from my husband—I put them in my black velvet bag, and put it in the bosom of my dress, just as I received them from my husband—after that we went to Exmouth-street, and were pushed several times—it was then about twelve o'clock—a very little time before I was pushed, the money was safe—my husband said, "Give me the money again," and I would not—I remember having a blow struck at me—I afterwards got to bed without undressing—I did not notice the loss of my money that night—the next morning it was gone—I was not molested after I was pushed against, till I got home.





FULLER SMITH
. I am a coach smith. I have known the prisoner seven or eight years—he worked for me two years; and since that, occasionally—on 3d July he came to my shop, about half-past ten o'clock in the morning—I was very cross with him—I had missed him for a fortnight—I asked him where he had been—he said, "All right, master"—I went to a horse and chaise which was at the door, to attend to a customer, and when I came in again the prisoner presented me a 100l.-note—I said, "Where did you get that?"—he said, "You know I told you I was expecting some money"—I showed the note to the gentleman, and I looked at it; we thought it genuine—the prisoner said he took it on Saturday, and he asked me if I would get it changed for him—I said I could not attend to it then, but if he would come again I would get it changed—he came again about half-past twelve, and I went with him to the bank and got it changed—he did not go into the bank with me, he stood at the door—I asked him what I was to get for it, and he said all gold—I got 60l. in gold, and a 40l.-note—I asked him what he was going to do with it—he said he was going to pay 60l. for a coffee-shop, and he said, "I will leave the note in your hands; it is no use to me"—he said he would come the next day for it and bring some more to put into the Savings-bank—he did not come again—this is the 100l.-note that he brought to me, it has my name and address on it—when he came to me, he had a long blue coat on, and a long napped hat, which appeared to be new, but it had been sadly used—this 10l.-note has" John South "on it, which appears to be the prisoner's writing.





DANIEL REEVE
. I am a clothier, and live in Ratcliff-highway. The prisoner came to me on 6th July—he looked out between 4l. and 5l.-worth of goods, and he tendered me in payment this 50l. note—I went to the bank to get it changed, and it was stopped there—the prisoner had a frock coat on and a navy-cap with a gold band round it—I pressed him to buy some more goods—he said he had but little money, and he wanted to get to sea again as soon as possible—when I got back from the bank, I said to him," This is a pretty business; this note is stolen, and I hear it is stolen from Mr. Tipple"—he said he had it from his friends, and then he said the truth was he had

found it—I asked if he had got any more—he said, "Yes, 150l."—there were two other persons outside who had bought something of me, and when the prisoner went away, they joined him at the public-house, and appeared quite friendly—they appeared strangers when they were at my house.





JAMES BRUCE
. I am a publican. On 3d July, the prisoner came to my house about eleven o'clock in the evening—he saw a person that he seemed to know—he said, "Jack, how are you? I have got some more money left me, and I shall have some more before long"—when he was going, he said, "Take care of this money for me," and he gave me 3l. 10s. in gold, and two 5l. notes—he came the next day and had one of the notes of my wife, which was No. 55719—this is the other; it is No. 55720.





JOHN BURKE
 (policeman, N 277). I was in a public-house looking at a placard describing this robbery, and the prisoner turned round, and said, "I am the person described in that bill"—I raid," I don't want you to tell me that, for I must speak it against you hereafter"—I then took him into a private parlour—he there said that he had had the money, and changed the notes, and he gave some away, and had spent the rest—he said he found it in a letter at the bar of a public-house, but he could not say where.

Prisoner's Defence. I found it—I then got with a lot of people, and they got some of it from me.





THOMAS WITHERS
 (policeman, N 211). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court by the name of John South—(read—Convicted October, 1848, confined three months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.

