




2064. 




HENRY WILLIAM HIDE
 and 




GEORGE FREDERICK GWYTHER
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
7th of June, 4 yards of woolen cloth, value 2l.; and 3 yards of kerseymere, 1l.; the goods of 



Harry Winterbourne and another, their masters.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






HARRY WINTERBOURNE
. I am partner with Mr. Gray; we are tailors and drapers at Nos. 70 and 71, Blackman-street, Borough—Hide was our foreman—it was his duty to keep the stock, and to give out all the goods to the tailors who were at work for us—he was to keep a book in which he was to enter all the goods that he gave out—Gwyther was a tailor who has worked for us out of the house, rather under twelve months—in consequence of information, I applied to Mr. Stevens, and caused this letter (looking at it) to be written—it was sent to Stevens, who lived in the same house with Gwyther, at No. 132, Great Suffolk-street, on Monday the 5th of June—on Tuesday the 6th, I had some black cloth in from the damper's—it was put in a place where the customers do not usually go, to be rolled next morning—I saw them there

safe till ten o'clock on Wednesday morning, the 7th, when it was taken to be rolled—I saw Gwyther in my shop on that Wednesday morning, about nine o'clock, and I saw him there as late as twelve o'clock, when I saw him go away, he had a bag with him very full indeed—the same afternoon I saw one yard and three-quarters of superfine black cloth, and three yards of kerseymere, in possession of Stevens, in Great Suffolk-street—they were our property—the kerseymere had been previously marked in my presence—this is the piece of black cloth, and here is a particular notch on the edge of each of them—the ends of both correspond—the one yard and three-quarters correspond at one end with the bulk, and at the other, with a piece that was torn off—this piece of cloth should have measured eighten yards and a quarter, but it just two yards deficient—I was present the same afternoon when Gwyther's apartment was searched, and I found there a quarter of a yard of cloth which, being joined to the one yard and three-quarters, would make the entire of the roll, and account for the whole deficiency—a piece of cloth, measuring two yards, was produced by Mr. Worley, a pawnbroker—it matched in cutting, with a piece of cloth in my stock, and I missed this on Wednesday night—there is no entry in my books of either of these pieces of cloth—I have looked through the books—this is the book (producing it) in which it was Hide's duty to have entered them if they had been given to the tailors for work for us—Gwyther was taken into custody—I then went to my shop to Hide, and Mr. Gray, my partner, asked Hide in my presence how that piece of black cloth came to be cut—he said he had given it out to make a coat for an order which stood in the book at a blue coat for a man of the name of M'Carthy—I said, "How is that, when the order stands for a blue coat?"—he said, "The man has altered his mind from a blue to a black"—I said, "How does it happen you have not altered the order-book?"—he said, "I cannot tell, in my hurry I forgot it"—I said, "If this is the case what is become of the piece of blue cloth?"—he said, "I have had it back again"—I said, "Where is it, if you have had it back again; produce it?"—he said, "I do not know where it is; I cannot be answerable for cloth that I have had back some days"—I sent for M'Carthy and gave Hide into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Was Gwyther occasionally employed by you out of the house? A. I gave him the work, if he liked to do it himself or to give it to others—he was formerly in the habit of buying cloth at our house, but not since he hat worked for us, that I am aware of—he has not worked for us twelve months—he began to work in the end of 1842 for us—I think he had goods on credit in September last—Hide would have the cutting out for work or for sale.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. When was Hide given into custody? A. On Wednesday the 7th—the parting with these goods took place on that day—from my youth I was induced to believe my name was Harry Downton Winterbourne, till I found, by the register of my baptism, that it was only Harry—I dropped the name of Downton about five years ago, and have not signed it to since.





WILLIAM STEVENS
. I am a journeyman tailor, and lived at No. 132, Great Suffolk-street. The prisoner Gwyther then lived in the same house, and I worked for him—in consequence of directions I received in a letter from the prosecutor on Monday, the 5th of June, I called Gwyther into my room, I showed him the letter, and told him to read it, and said I had not the means of executing the order, could he befriend me in doing so—he said, "Yes, I will make it all right"—on the same afternoon he called me into his room, and said he should not be able to get that for me till the Wednesday, as there were about thirty pieces of cloth out at the damper's, and they would

not come home till Tuesday, he would try what he could do—on the Wednesday morning I met him at a public-house, about two doors from the prosecutor's—I asked if he had got that for me—he said, "No, I can't get this for you there, I shall get it for you at another place"—I came home with him, he called me to his room, and said, "I will do that for you between one and two o'clock, or between three and four for certain"—at twenty minutes past three he brought the cloth into my room, loosely wrapped up in a piece of paper—he said, "Here, Stevens, is the cloth; I have been to my uncle, and asked him to do me the favour to get it from his draper's to his account"—he said the 1 3/4 yards of black broad cloth, was 14s. 9d., and three yards of kerseymere, was 7s., 6d. a yard—I delivered up the cloth to Garnett, the policeman, that night.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Is Mr. Winterbourne's a tally-shop? A. I believe so—goods are sold on security, and paid for by small weekly instalments—I did not wish Gwyther to become my security for some cloth to be got on credit—I had spoken to him about getting cloth—I always thought, as he was employed there he could have it—I never asked him to be answerable for the payment for some cloth for me—I wanted him to procure this cloth—I do not know how it was to be got—I meant to pay ready money for it—I should have made the money to have paid for this—I suppose pledging would have been the only means—my own name is Joseph Treleaven—I go in my mother's name, but they inquired at the station, and they said it was no consequence—I use the name of Stevens on account of the bother of my own name being a curious name in the workshop, where there are many men—it is not every one that could recollect it—I went by the nickname of William Williams, but never took to that name in any shop—I never went by the name of William Foale that I know of—I have not made use of that name—it is my sister's name—I have been called William Foale because I worked for Mr. Foster, in Aldgate, my sister went home with my work, and when he asked, she gave her name instead of mine, but when I left him I took to my own name—I went back to the name of Stevens three or four years ago, and I have gone by that name ever since.

MR. DOANE. Q. Did you tell the Magistrate that your real name was Treleaven? A. Yes—no charge has ever been made against me in any of my names.





SOLOMON GARNETT
 (police-constable M 70.) On Wednesday evening, the 7th of June, I went to Gwyther's house with the prosecutor—Stevens was at the house, and I received from Stevens three yards of kerseymere, and one yard and three quarters of black cloth—I told Gwyther what I took him for—I had the cloth in my hand—he did not make any answer—I found in Gwyther's room this quarter of a yard of black cloth—I have examined it—it matches the cloth which I produce—I found a duplicate relating to the piece of blue cloth on the 5th of June, and one relating to the piece of rifle-green cloth on the 7th of June—I then took Hide—I told him it was for robbing his master of a piece of black cloth—he did not make any answer, but walked out of the shop.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you find a bill there? A. Yes—Mr. Winterbourne told me to take it away.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What time did you take Hide? A. Between five and six o'clock in the afternoon.

MR. WINTERBOURNE
re-examined. I was present when these duplicates were found at Gwyther's place—this bill was there—it is dated the 23rd of May, 1843—it is for rifle green cloth—it is the writing of Benjamin Alexander, my clerk.






GEORGE WORLEY
. I am in the service of a pawnbroker. I produce a Piece of rifle-green cloth pawned by Jones on the 7th of June; about two yards, as near as possible, and a piece of blue cloth pawned, I think, by Jones on the 5th of June.





GRANTHAM JONES
. I am a journeyman tailor, and live in Great Suffolk-street; I have worked for Gwyther three years. On the 5th of June he gave me this piece of blue cloth to pawn at Mr. Worley's for 13s.—I gave Gwyther the money and the ticket—on the 7th of June I received two yards of rifle green cloth from Gwyther to pawn—pawned it for 13s., and gave him the money and the ticket.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. You know of Gwyther dealing at the prosecutor's house for cloth? A. Yes—I have several times pawned cloth that he has had on credit, by his desire.





DANIEL M'CARTHY
. I am a labourer, and live at Paul's-wharf, Upper Thames street. On the 30th of May I went to Mr. Winterbourne's shop—I saw Hide there—I ordered a suit of clothes of him, a dark blue frock-coat, and a black kerseymere waistcoat and trowsers—I received them last Saturday night—I did not go to Hide and order a black coat instead of a blue one, and never received a black one from him.





BENJAMIN ALEXANDER
. I am the prosecutor's clerk. On the 7th of June I remember assisting Hide to roll up some cloth, about the middle of the morning—Hide asked me, about twenty minutes before twelve o'clock to go to the public-house about two doors off to have some stout—I refused—he pressed me two or three times to go out of the shop before him—I then went, and left him behind in the shop—when I got to the public-house I saw Henry, the mattress-maker, and Gwyther there—Gwyther asked me if Hide was not coming—I told him I thought he was not, as it was near his dinner time—I had a glass of stout, and after I had drank that Hide came in alone—he had a glass of stout, and then immediately went away—Gwyther followed him immediately, leaving me and Henry in the public-house—I staid there about a quarter of an hour, and then went back.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. I suppose you were in the habit of going there at dinner, or in the middle of the day? A. Very often—it is a sort of house of call for people belonging to our house—I do not sell goods for my master—I am in the counting-house—I made out this bill—(looking at it)—Hide sold this cloth—I do not remember any other rifle cloth being sold to Gwyther previous to this—Hide would sell it, and come to me to make the bill—he might sell this cloth, and not come to me.





THOMAS HENRY
. I am a mattressmaker in the prosecutor's service. On the 7th of June, about a quarter to twelve o'clock in the morning, I went into the shop, and saw Gwyther standing there with a small empty bag in his hand—I staid there about five minutes—I did not speak to him—I asked Hide, who was behind the counter, about a mattress which I had to make—I did not see him and Gwyther speak together—Gwyther was on the other side of the counter—when I came away Gwyther followed me out, and asked if I would take a glass of ale—I went with him to a public-house, and had something to drink—in a little time Alexander came in—Hide came in, had a glass of beer, and went out immediately—he was the last that came in, and the first that went out—Gwyther followed him some time after—I believe he still had the bag.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Was there any one else there? A. Yes, Johnson, another shopman—nobody else.





BENJAMIN ALEXANDER
 (examined by
MR. BALLANTINE.) I keep the greater part of the prosecutor's books—there are seven or eight persons in the

employ—there are nine in the house, and five out-door workmen—tailoring orders ought to be entered in this book—cloth to be made up for customers is entered in this book—Hide is the only person that enters in this book—he keeps the book, and enters them as customers come in—the tailors generally measure, and Hide puts down the measure with the names to it—the book is always kept by him—if he has not got the book he does not put it down on paper, but in a memorandum-book, and copies it into this book—the men's book is at the shop.

MR. DOANE. Q. Suppose M'Carthy had ordered a coat, waistcoat, and trowsers, was it Hide's duty to have it entered in this book? A. It was.





HARRY WINTERBOURNE

re-examined. This two yards of rifle green cloth found at the pawnbroker's I know—this is a piece of blue, pawned on the 5th—this is entered in my book, as given to Gwyther for M'Carthy's coat—this 1 3/4 and 1/4 correspond—these cuttings correspond with my whole piece—the contrary end will match this short bit, and here is the fag-end. making the whole length complete—this is the invoice which I received from Lupton, of Leeds, relating to this blue cloth and the piece of rifle.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You charge the prisoners with stealing the rifle and the blue? A. The rifle and the black—when I charged Hide with stealing the black, I did not know of the deficiency of the rifle—it was the black that Hide said was exchanged for the blue—I did not know of the rifle till I returned from the station.

MR. DOANE. Q. Was it through the ticket you discovered the cloth was pawned? A. Yes.

COURT
to
WILLIAM STEVENS. Q. Was any thing said as to where this cloth was to come from? A. I was not to know where it came from—he did not tell me where it was to come from—I understood at first that it was to come from Mr. Winterbourne's.
(----Johnson and----Josephs, in the prosecutor's employ; Jeremiah Taylor, builder, New Kent-road; and John Charlton, greengrocer; John Mann, cheesemonger, deposed to Hide's good character: Benjamin Hughes; Joseph Porter, gun maker, Grove-street, Commercial-road;—Hughes, plumber, No. 122, Great Suffolk-street, Borough;—Wood, dissenting minister, No. 10, Church-street, New Kent-road, to that of Gwyther.

HIDE—


GUILTY
. Aged 33.

GWYTHER—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.





Transported for Seven Years.

