



1032. 




WILLIAM WRIGHT
 was indicted

for stealing 1 1/2 lb. weight of tripe, value 8d.; 1/2 lb. weight of sausages, 3d.; 1 loaf of bread, 3d.; and 1 handkerchief, 7d.; the goods of 



William Browning, from the person of 



Mary Ann Browning; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






MARY ANN BROWNING
. I am the wife of William Browning, of King William-street. On the evening of the 20th of March I was in Tooley-street, carrying a bundle, containing the tripe, the bread, and other things mentioned—I was pushed down in the street, and my bundle taken from me—I am quite sure I was pushed down, and with violence—I fell down, and my bundle was snatched from me—the prisoner is the man who pushed me down, and who took my bundle—I am sure of that—I saw him, and followed him—I met with the officer—this is my handkerchief—I can swear to it—it was round the bundle, and a loaf was found, which resembled the loaf I lost.





HENRY HUNT
 (police-constable M 82.) Between six and seven o'clock that evening I was on duty in Tooley-street—I received information from Mrs. Browning—I went and met the prisoner at the bottom of Ball-court, with a loaf in one hand, and a handkerchief in the other—I said, "What is this?"—he said, "Some bread, and this is my handkerchief"—I did not

take him then, but went and spoke to the prosecutrix—I then went back to the prisoner—he still had the loaf in his hand—he threw it down—this handkerchief I found in his pocket.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not say I picked them up? A. No.

Prisoner. I picked them up in the court; the officer came, and I told him what I had got; he came back in five minutes, and took me; I made no resistance; the prosecutrix said she thought I was the person.





MARY ANN BROWNING

re-examined. I am quite certain he is the person—I never thought anything about it.





THOMAS WEST
 (police-constable M 249.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at the Surrey Session—(read—Convicted on the 5th of May, 1844, and confined six months.)




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.

