



540. 




PATRICK READY
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Washbourne Miles, on the 
5th ofJan., at 
West-Ham, and stealing therein 3 shawls, value 2l. 14s.; 1 basin, 3s.; 1 gown, 1l.; 2 waistcoats, 1l. 4s.; 1 pair of trowsers, 12s.; 1 handkerchief, 3s.; and 1 brooch, 2s.; his goods.







WILLIAM WASHBOURNE MILES
. I live in High-street, Stratford, in the parish of West-Ham. On the 5th of Jan. I went to church, at ten minutes after six o'clock in the evening, with my wife, leaving nobody in my house—the door was double-locked—my wife was called out of church—I went home myself at five minutes after eight, and found two policemen and my wife in the house—I missed two waistcoats, a pair of trowsers, and a silk dress that evening, and on Tuesday, two shawls—the value of the whole is about 6l.—it was all my property, except one shawl, which belonged to a friend.





JOSEPH BENTON
 (policeman.) I was on duty in High-street, Stratford, on the 5th of Jan., about seven o'clock, and found Mr. Miles's door, wide open—I knocked for some time—nobody came—my sergeant came up—I left him in care of the house, then went to the church, and fetched Mrs. Miles home—we went inside, and found the things all turned over—somebody had entered the door with a skeleton key—no force had been used to it, but both bolts were out—all the drawers were turned out—the till turned out, and things in the back-room.





WILLIAM SMITH
 (policeman.) On the 5th of Jan. I was on duty in plain clothes, in Whitechapel-road—I saw the prisoner about eight o'clock that evening, coming from Stratford towards town, with a small bundle under his arm, in a white apron, it contained two shawls—I stopped him, touched the bundle, and asked what he had there, at least six times before he answered—he then said, "These two shawls"—I asked where he got them—he said, from his sister—I asked where she lived three times—he then said, "Up the road"—he was standing in a four-cross road, and did not point any way—I took him to the station, and found a pair of black trowsers wrapped up and put in the waistband of his own—I also found two black waistcoats on him, and two skeleton keys—the sergeant said to him, "I am afraid there have been others implicated in this, my man"—he said, "Where I have been, I have been by myself"—he said, on the way to the station, that he could not help it this time—he said at the station, that he found the shawls—I tried the keys to the prosecutor's door—they fitted it, but we could not open the door with them.





MICHAEL CASEY
 (policeman.) I was on duty at Stratford on the 5th of Jan., between five and six o'clock—I know the prisoner by sight—I saw him between half-past five and a quarter to six, at Stratford, about 100 yards from the prosecutor's house, or rather more, and going towards it—he was alone.

MR. MILES
re-examined. This waistcoat had sleeves to it, which were cut off about three months ago, and I have them here—this other waistcoat is made in a peculiar way—I am positive of it—this shawl is Mrs. Miles's—I know it well—it has been washed two or three times—these" black trowsers I have worn twelve or fourteen times—the silk dress has not been found—I include that in the value of 6l.

Prisoner's Defence. I was walking along, and picked them up—I did not know what was in the bundle—they were tied up in the apron.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Ten Years.

