



2884. 




ANN NEWMAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of September, 1 pair of boots, value 7s. 6d., the goods of 



Thomas Searles; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






CHARLES PARRETT
. I am foreman to Thomas Searles, a boot aod shoemaker in Whitechapel. At half-past nine o'clock at night, on the 23rd of September, the prisoner came to our shop with a little boy abort eleven years old—I told the lad to serve her—he put one pair on the prisoner's boy's feet—they were too large—during that time my boy turned his head, and saw a pair of boots hanging on the prisoner's arm—he said, "What are this pair?"—she said, "They are his father's, bought at another shop"—the boy said, "What did you give for them?"—she made no answer—he took hold of the other boot, that was under her cloak, and seeing our private mark, he called out, "They are T. C. H."—I asked what it was—the prisoner rose from her seat, and was about going toward the door—I said, "What is it?"—the boy said, "She has got these on her arm"—I endeavoured to stop her—she would not be stopped—she pressed by me, saying, "They are his father's, bought at another shop"—she went out of the shop, leaving the boots in my hand—I went after her, and asked her to come back—she refused—I insisted on her coming back—she then returned—I called in an officer, and gave her in charge—these boots are my master's.

Prisoner. A little boy gave me these boots to fit on. I said they were too large, they would fit his father. Witness. I did not hear any thing of the sort.





JOHN OLLEY
. I took these boots from the prisoner—she said, "They are his father's, bought at another shop"—I gave them to the foreman.


Prisoner's Defence. A young woman came out of the parlour, and said, "What do you want with the boots?" I said, "They are the boots the lad gave me, they are too large;" she took them out of my hand, as though I wanted to steal them.





THOMAS BROWN
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 46.—


Transported for Ten Years.
