





1134. 




ALFRED WILBEAM
 and 




NICHOLAS KERP
 were indicted for

feloniously forging and uttering a bill of exchange for 500l., with intent to defraud 



Richard Fuller and another; and 




JOSEPH ALEXANDER



 for feloniously harbouring and maintaining the said prisoners, knowing them to have committed the said felony.—Other COUNTS, for forging and uttering an acceptance to the said bill, and verying the manner of laying the charge.


MESSRS. CLARKSON and PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM GERRANRD OHRLY
. I live in St. Thomas's-square, Hackney; I was a merchant, but have retired from business. I keep an account at Messrs. Fuller's bank—I called there about the 16th of Jan., and, from discoveries I made, this bill of exchange for 500l. was shown to me—(looking at it)—the acceptance is not my handwriting—I never authorized anybody to accept it, and do not know the drawer.





JAMES SIBTHORPE BAKER
. I am a clerk in the banking-house of Messrs. Richard Fuller and another; there are only two partners.

On the 29th of Dec. last, this bill was presented at our banking-house—it has "Received, J. Brown," on the back—I cannot say whether that was written at our house, or before it was presented—Mr. Ohrly is a customer of ours—I believed the acceptance to be genuine, and paid the bill by four 100l. notes, Nos. 67108, L. C., 62552, 65405, and 70102, and two of 50l., Nos. 10826, N. B., and 13781, N. B.—the initials refer to the date—they are a private mark of the back on the notes—I should say the bill was presented soon after ten o'clock, between ten and eleven—the Bank of England is about 250 or 300 yards from Fuller's bank, going out the back way—it is at the corner of Moorgate-street—a few minutes after I paid the bill Mr. Higman, a clerk of the Bank of England, came and asked me something about the notes—I answered him that all was right—he mentioned the four 100l. notes, but, I think, not the 50l.





CHARLES BAWTREE
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England. I produce four 100l. notes, and two for 50l.

J. S. BAKER
re-examined. I do not any writing on them which I should know them by, but I know the numbers—they are the notes I gave for the bill.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. I believe you have no recollection of the person who presented the bill? A. None at all—I received the bill myself, and paid the person the notes for it—the bill was not handed to me by one of our clerks.





JOSEPH REECE ADAMS
. I am a clerk at the Bank of England. I remember these four 100l. notes being brought to my office, which is the issue department, on the 29th of Dec., before twelve o'clock in the day—I am not certain of the time—I received them from, I think, the prisoner Kerp, but am not quite certain—I the name of Helen. No. 3, Bond-street, is written on the back of the notes—we require the name and address to be put on the notes before we pay them—it was brought to me with that name and address on it—I could not read the address very well, and enquired of the man what it was—he said No. 3, Bond-street, and I wrote that again—the notes were brought for gold, and before I paid them I took them to Mr. Higman, who left the office, at my suggestion, to go to Fuller's, as I had suspicion, and asked the man where he received the notes—he said at Fuller's—here is the name of Jones on one of the 50l. notes—I cashed that note at a different time, within five minutes before or after—it is No. 10826, 8th Oct. 1846, N. B.—it was probably changed for the same man, but I took no notice of the person then, the note being a small one—it might be the same man, or another—the N. B. denotes the date—if the lower part of the note is destroyed this would tell us the date—there is L. C. on the 100l. notes.





WILLIAM HIGMAN
. I am principal in the issue department of the Bank. On the 29th of Dec., between ten and half-past ten o'clock in the morning, Mr. Adams brought these four 100l. notes to me, as it is not usual to be asked for gold for so large an amount—I made inquiry of the man, and noticed his person, and am perfectly certain in my own mind it was Kerp—he is the man; I have not a doubt about it—I asked him from whom he obtained the notes—he said from Messrs. Fuller's—I stepped out at the back door of the Bank while the matter was being arranged—I went to Fuller's, and understanding all was right I ordered payment to be made.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Do you hand over the notes, or do the clerks under you do that? A. The clerks under me—I see a great many people—I do not recollect ever seeing Kerp before—he did not wear moustachios, I believe—the impression on my mind is that he did not—I will not swear it positively—I swear positively Kerp is the man to my belief—I particularly noticed him, and did not notice any moustachios—it was an

unusual thing coming for so large a quantity of gold—he was there altogether about a quarter of an hour—I had a good opportunity of looking at him, which I did, having suspicion something was wrong—I do not know how he was dressed—he wore a hat—I saw him next at Guildhall, and pointed him out to the solicitor—he was not pointed out to me—he was standing in the dock.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had you any doubt of him before the Magistrate? A. None.





MOSES SAMUELS
. I live in Strutton-ground, Westminster. On the 29th of Dec., about nine o'clock in the morning, Kerp came running into my shop—I did not know him before—Brown (Wilbeam) was with him—he was called Brown then—Brown was dressed wretchedly—they both came in and wanted clothes for Brown—his trowsers and every thing were ragged—here are the clothes he was dressed in and which he left behind—Kerp called him by the name of Brown—I sold them a coat, waistcoat, trowsers, neck-handkerchief boots, and hat—Kerp paid for them—Brown out the clothes on, and they left—after two o'clock, Brown came into the shop again, very merry, and took out a double purse full of sovereigns, and said, "I have got it"—I could see, through the purse, that it contained sovereigns at each end—I asked him from where he got it—he said, "They young man who came with me, who gave me the clothes, gave it to me"—there might be 100 sovereigns, more or less—he said, "Will you be so kind, if the young man calls here for me, to tell him to call tomorrow, soon after twelve o'clock"—next day, after twelve o'clock, they both came—I cannot recollect which came in first—Kerp said to Brown, "What was the matter, why did you run away yesterday?"—Brown said to Kerp, "I heard the bankers ask you such questions, where you got the notes, and how you came by the notes," and Kerp said, "I told him I got the notes from Fuller's bank;" he asked where I resided; "I said in Bond-street"—that is all that passed.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. I believe you had never seen Brown before? A. No, nor Kerp—they were at my shop about a quarter of an hour, on the 29th—Brown merely came in the afternoon, left the massage, and showed me the purse—he shook it in his hand—I have no shopman—there was nobody in the shop, except my wife—she was there both times, and when they called next day she saw Brown rattling the purse—it was not my business to ask him where he got it—I said nothing to him about it—my wife was in the parlour but saw him—I do not know what he meant by "it "—they might stay five or six minutes the next day—I cannot say which came in first—I and Mr. Samuels were quite silent—Kerp said, "What did you run away for, yesterday?" Brown said, "The bankers asked you such a set of question, and kept you there so long, I ran away"—Kerp said, "I answered them that I got the notes from Fuller's bank; I told them where I got the notes; they asked where I resided, and I told them"—they then went away—I did not drink with them on either occasion, and did not see them again till they were in custody—I have lived in Strutton-ground seven years—before that I was a licensed traveller with jewellery, for three years—I bought jewellery at Birmingham and different places—I cannot recollect the name of anybody at Birmingham who I bought goods of—I have purchased of Davis, in Houndsditch—before I travelled with jewellery I manufactured slippers, at my warehouse in Houndsdich—I kept men there—I kept that shop a good many year—I do not know how the prisoners came to appoint to meet at my shop—I did not tell the police about Brown having the sovereigns—it was nothing to me—I thought nothing of it.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Both Brown and Kerp were

strangers to you? A. Yes—I could not tell whether it was an honest transaction—I am free from any impeachment—I cannot tell what I thought about it—I have my suspicions now—I did not ask any questions—my business would not go on well of I did—I am not quite a stranger to Alexander—I have known him for two years—I did not see him about this time at all—I will swear that—it was not him who brought Brown to my place—I have never been a friend of Alexander's—I was bail for him once, as his own solicitor's son was the first bail—I was not paid for it—I did it from friendship at last out of favour—it is above a year ago—he did not bring me any customers, nor deal with me—I got nothing for being his bail.

MR. CLARKSON. A. Are you a German by birth? A. A Polander—Kerp is a German, Alexander is a Polander, Wilbeam is an Engishman.

COURT
Q. Had Kerp any moustachios on the morning of the 29th? A. He had very little—they have grown bigger now.





WILLAM HENRY EDWARDS
 (City police-constable, No. 139) On the 6th of Feb. last I was stationed near Bartholomew-lane, by the London and Westminster Bank, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon—I saw the three prisoners standing together, at the corner of Bartholomew-lane—Alexander beckoned me across—I did not go at first—he beckoned again—I ran towards them, and Kerp ran down Angle-court—I ran after him—he was stopped, without my losing sight of him—I brought him back to Wilbeam and Alexander, who met me some yards up the court—when I got up to them, Alexander told me he gave them both in charge—I asked him for what—he said, "Forgery on Fuller's Smith and Payne's and the Bank of England"—I proceeded on with them towards the station-house, and as we went along Alexander said to Kerp and Willbeam, "I have been looking for you the last two or three months, and have got you at last"—I kept them both in custody, and in proceeding on, Alexander said to Kerp, "Your father has gone to Germany with 3000l. or 4000l. belonging to the bankers, and they will rue it when they find it out"—at that time the three prisoners were with me—after that some words passed between Alexander and Wilbeam, which I did not understand, as it was broken English—Wilbeam then said to me that Alexander had got no change against him—Alexander instantly said, "No, I have got no charge against him," "that is the villain," pointing to Kerp—I then said to Wilbeam' "You had better come along with me"—he said he would—I then came through Coleman-street and Fore-street, and missed Wilbeam—I proceeded with the prisoner, Kerp and Alexander, to the station—the inspector there declined to take the charge—I then, at the request of Alexander, went with Kerp to Messrs. Fuller's, and there, after a conversation, Mr. Fuller gave Kerp in charge—on the 31st of March I went into a coffee-shop, in Victoria-street Little Queen-street, Lincoln's Inn-fields, and saw Wilbeam—I asked if he knew Alexander—he said he did—I asked if he knew me—he said he did not—I was not in my uniform—I then asked if he did not recollect an occurrence which took place on the 6th of Feb., about twenty minutes to four o'clock—he said he did—I told him I was a policeofficer he must come with me—in going along, I told j-him I did not wish him to say anything to criminate himself, I did not wish him to say anything that would be against him in Court, as he was talking to us—(an officer named Speak was with me)—he said he did not care, he would speak the truth—he then said that Alexander gave him the order to go to Fuller's to receive change for the check for 500l. that he changed it, and got four 100l. and two 50l. notes, which he gave to Alexander, and he was to have 25l. for his trouble.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Did both you and Speck go to the

coffee-house? A. Yes—we were both in plain clothes—I had my uniform on when I saw him in the City—Alexander and Kerp were in custody when I took Wilbeam, and had been examined, I dare say, half-a-dozen times—I had not ascertained from Fuller's that it was 100l. notes that were given for the bill—I was told by Alexander what the notes were—Speck and I went to the coffee-shop from information received—Speck had been in the case before—Alexander had been given in charge for stealing a half-crown—we both knew the facts of the case as they had been stated at the Police-court—Wilbeam said himself that he changed the check or order for 500l.—they were not my words—we both cautioned him—I told him before he said anything not to criminate himself, as it would be used in Court against him—that was in Queen-street—Speck cautioned him immediately after—a man named on was also with us—I was conversing with Wilbeam for about ten minutes on the matter, on the way to the Police-court—I have heard that he is a journeyman painter—when Alexander and him were talking on the 6th of Feb., I did not understand what they said—I have not said I heard them speaking in a foreign language—I have been in the police eight years—I went with Wilbeam to Mr. Taylor, of Furnival's Inn—I left him on the landing with my brother officer, while I went to inform Mr. Taylor I had got him

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Alexander beckoned twice before you went over? A. Yes—as people frequently beckon to omnibuses, I did not go at first—Kerp ran away when I ran over—he got about half-way up the court—I ran after him,. leaving Wilbeam with Alexander—there was plenty of time for them to get away—I should have had to go a good way to find another policeman—I saw one half way down Moorgate-street, but I did not want assistance—the conversation was in broken English—Alexander is a Pole, and speak rather bad English—we went to Fuller's, bank, after going to the station—the inspector said we might go to Fuller's, if Alexander thought proper—Alexander said nothing, but went with us—after he gave them is charge, I put my hands on them both—I then walked behind the two—Alexander walked alongside Wilbeam, Kerp was outside, Wilbeam in the middle—I kept my eye on the three—some words passed between wilbeam and Alexander in Moorgarate-street, and then Wilbeam and Alexander stood talking together—they walked together behind me, and I kept Kerp—I did not conceive wilbeam was in my custody then, as he said he had no charge against him—I did not say, "Why, you said you had a charge before"—I did not see Wilbeam leave—the station-house is about ten minutes' walk—I missed Wilbeam about three minutes' walk from the station—Mr. Taylor is solicitor in this case—I met Alexander at Mr. Taylor's once since this, but had no conversation with him about this charge—he was in the private room, and I in the outer office—I do not know what his business was—I am not aware of a reward in this case.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was it in consequence of Alexander's telling you he had no charge against Wilbeam, that your attention was diverted from him? A. Yes.





WILLIAM CARTER GATES
. I am acquainted with Alexander's hand writing—(I was his attorney once)—the words, "Received, J. Brown," at the back of this bill, I really believe to be his writing, but I have my doubts of it—I have strong reason to believe it is—here is the name of "J. Jones" on one of the 50l. notes—I really believe that to be Alexander's handwriting—here is the name of "Aldridge, Millwall" on one—I have the same doubt of that as of the name on the bill—it is similar to the writing on the bill, but the "J. Jones, 10, Church-street," I am positive of—Alexander can write almost any

hand—"Jones" is more undisguised—I believe the other to be his writing also—he was not my clerk.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. You have no doubt about the name of Jones? A. I have every reason to believe it is his—I only speak to the name of "Jones, 10, Church-street, Trinity-square"—I can swear, and feel confident, that is Alexander's writing—I saw it first before coming into Court last sessions, and stated my belief to the solicitor—I have seen him write a great number of times, and have no doubt of its being his.

Prisoner Alexander. Q. How long have you known me? A. Since March twelve months—I became acquainted with you at your attorney's, Mr. Richardson's—I forget where I resided then—I am a solicitor—I was admitted in 1824—I took the benefit of the Insolvent Act sixteen years ago.





THOMAS RICHARD BEEBY
. I live in Kirby-row, Kingsland. I don's know whose writing this "J. Aldridgs, Millwall," is, on this note—this "J. Jones, Church-street, Trinity-square," on the other 50l. note, I believe to be Alexander's writing.

COURT. Q. What means have you knowing his writing? A. I have known him since 1838, and seen him write at least 500 or 600 times—I cannot speak to this" Received, J. Brown," on the back of the bill.

Prisoner Alexander. Q. What are you? A. Clerk to Mr. Ball, attorney, Dyer's-hall, Dowgate-hill—I have been with him six weeks—I know John Jubilee Spiller—I never was indicted for conspiracy—spiller was indicted for conspiracy, and acquitted—I knew Gordon, who was indicated with him at the Old Bailey—I have not the slightest feeling against Alexander, and have not endeavoured to get people to bring cases against him.





GEORGE ARTHUR FULLER
. I am a banker, and carry on business with my brother in Moorgate-street. On 6th February, Edwards the policeman, came to our house with Kerp and Alexander—Alexander stated that he had come to give us information that we were forged upon to a large amount, by a gang of German swindlers—I asked how he knew a forgery had been committed on our house—he said he had either heard it at Samuels', or Samuels had told him of it; and if we referred to our books on 29th December, we should find that we had paid a forgery for 500l.—I knew we had paid a forged bill, but could not recollect the date—I called the clerks—Mr. Baker brought his book, and we found that was the day the forgery was paid—I gave Kerp in charges, as Alexander said he was one of the parties—Kerp was in charge of one of the officers, in the outer office, at the time—Alexander was in the back office.

MR. BALLANTINE
to
MOSES SAMUELS. Q. Did you ever tell Alaxander a forgery had been committed on Fuller's bank? A. Yes; three days after he came to my house and I stated it to him, and showed him the trowsers—that was the first time I saw him after the forgery.
(Charles Cox, of Cobham-row, Clerkenwell, and Francis Cohen, of King-street, Hammersmith, gave the prisoner Wilbeam a good character.

WILBEAM—


GUILTY
. Aged 33.

KERP—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.





Transported for fifteen Years.


ALEXANDER—


NOT GUILTY
.
