


















1165. 




ANTHONY FINLAY,



 THOMAS HOWLETT,



 JAMES TAYLOR,



 HENRY BROWN,



 DAVID ANTHONY DUFFY,



 GEORGE LOWERS,



 THOMAS WALKER,


 ROBERT ARCHER,


 THOMAS HORSSEY,


 RICHARD WEBSTER,


 JOSEPH BURDEN,



 SAMUEL MAYNEY,



 THOMAS SNEAD,



 GEORGE PAYNE
, and 




WILLIAM BAILEY
, were indicted for

 breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




Thomas Grey, at Camberwell, and stealing 8 chains, 28 brooches, 200 watches, 170 rings, and a great variety of articles, value 652l. 13s., his goods; Brown, Walker, and Snead, having been before convicted.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS GREY.
 I am a silversmith and pawnbroker, in southampton-street, in the parish of Camberwell—it is my dwelling-house—I have two houses, which are adjoining—there is an internal communication from one to the other—I reside in one with my family—the other is my shop, and some of my servants sleep there. On Monday, 13th March, a little after twelve o'clock, I was in my private house—in consequence of what had taken place in the neighbourhood, I had fastened up the doors and shutters of my shop and private house—the shutters were fastened with iron bars—at about twenty minutes after twelve I heard a noise of a mob coming down the street—I left the shop all secured and bolted, and I went to the window of the dwelling-house—I was standing there with my wife, and the first thing I heard was the breaking of the fanlight over the shop door—as they went past, I heard several say, "Let us make a smash, we will go in here"—I could not identify one of the mob, I was so excited—the mob left the street, to go up Abbot-street, and I went out at the back of my house, to go to the Peckham police-station—I heard something as I was going along—I did not return till the mob had left—I was absent perhaps an hour—when I came back I found the shutters and iron bars of the door broken—they could not force the lock and bolts, but the centre of the door was cut out—several pannels of the shop shutters had been cut out, and the iron hooping had been cut through—the window was all smashed—I went into the shop, and found the inside frames of the window completely chopped to pieces—the window was in a very disordered state, scarcely anything left in it—there had been a good deal of property in the window, as usual, when I shut up the shutters—I missed nearly the whole of the property from the window—it consisted of pencil-cases, thimbles, weddingrings, I should think twenty-three or twenty-five watches, jewellery of all description, brooches, and mathematical instruments—rhe drawers under the counter were full of jewellery, plate, rings, and watches, and other things— —those drawers were not entirely cleared, but mostly so—the top drawer had been full where the watches were kept—from 150 to 200 watches had been taken out of the drawer, besides what were taken from the window—the whole of the cash had been taken from the till, amounting to 15l. or 16l.; and a quantity of clothes were also gone—I should think the amount of my loss was about 900l.

Horssey. Q. Did you lose any hats or coats? A. It is impossible for me to say—I had piles of coats and hats in the shop, but they were so numerous I cannot say whether I lost any.





ROBERT GREY.
 I assist my brother, Thomas Grey, in his business. I was at home on Monday, 13th March—when I heard the smashing of the fan-light, I was in the shop—I went into the private house, and observed the mob go up the street opposite—I went into the first floor of the house, and

observed the mob come back again and come to the house—I saw Finely—he was the first that came to the house—he had a stick or an iron bar in his hand—he struck the shutters and cried, "Hurrah for Liberty!"—I then went down into the shop, and while I was there, I heard the mob hammering at the shutters, and soon after the door-shutter was smashed in, which was lined with sheet iron—I saw the door smashed in to an extent that would admit a person into the place—the glass sash-frame of the door was broken in as well as the shutter—I saw the mob outside, but I could not distinguish any of them—I ran into the private house to take care of my brother's wife and children—I took them out at the back door and put them over the wall of the next house—I returned to the shop in about ten minutes—the mob were then clearing away from the outside—I saw the shop had been rifled—all the lower part of the window was cleared out—there are two shelves in it—the lower part was enclosed by windows inside, which were smashed, frames and glass and all—it had all been done within the space os ten minutes, and watches and other things were taken away—I found one pawned wate; near the door, and one silver watch, which had been in the window, had been trodden upon, and there were thimbles and other things about—I saw Howlet among the crowd when they were first going up Abbot-street, opposite our window—I thought there were about 500 persons—I did not notice anything that induced them to come back, but there appeared as many to come back as went up the street—there were hats and clothes in our shop—I did not miss any of them, but we have so many we could not.

COURT.
Q. How many yards had the mob got up the street when you saw Howlett? A. I should think about 200 yards.

MR. BODKIN.
Q. You heard the fan-lights smash, then went into the dwelling-house, and saw the mob going up the street opposite? A. Yes; and directly after they returned, the attack on the house began—that was about twenty minutes from the time of the fan-light smashing.

Corss-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK.
Q. What was the time from the smashing of the fan-light till they left? A. I suppose the greater part of an hour—the original smashing began between a quarter and half-past twelve—I cannot tell the time nearer than that—from the beginning till they went away was from half an hour to forty minutes.

Taylor. There was a man named Charles Smith, who received 5s. and some clothes. Witness. A man came and said he was to be furnished with a hat and coat to go after the prisoners, and he got the hat and coat, and went away.





THOMAS GREY

re-examined. That man, Smith, busied himself very much, and went with the special constables to apprehend the prisoners—he came to my house, and said he was a poor man, out of work, and it was not possible he could stay in London without something, and I gave him 5s.—the next day he came and told me he could take a prisoner, if I would let him have a disguise—I said, "Certainly not"—when I got home, I heard that he had been, and said that I had authorised him to have a coat and hat, and they let him have a velveteen coat and hat.





CHARLES AUGUSTUS CATHIE.
 I am a victualler, out of business. On 13th March I was in Southampton-street, near Mr. Grey's shop, about twelve o'clock—I was a little past Mr. Grey's when the mob came along—they threw stones at the windows and went on—they came back to Mr. Grey's and I saw them hammering away at the shutter—Taylor was one of the first to get in through the window—he had something in his hand, but I

cannot say what—one had a short hammer, another a chopper, and others had sticks—Taylor was the first that I saw enter the shop, as soon as an entrance was effected—several others followed him—Taylor came out again in four or five minutes, with a candlestick in his hand; whether it was silver or plated, I do not know—he put it into his cap, buttoned up, and ran away—I ran after him, and never lost sight o f him—when he got about twenty yards to Addington-square, I saw him pass his hand over another man's shoulder—I cannot till whether he gave him anything—I still pursued him, and took him in Grosvenor-park—where they were about to build some houses in Brunswick-terrace, I saw him throw something over a wall, and over there we afterwards found some shoes—when I took him, two shoes fell from him—I took him and Finlay together, concealed in an area, bear a tank—I found the shoes in the tank—Finely was recognised as one of the ringleaders.

Taylor. Q. Where did you find the shoes? A. When I struck you, two more shoes came from you—there were four or five shoes over the wall—I think there were seven shoes altogether—you ran behind some gravel, and I knocked your hat off—it was about half-past twelve o'clock, or twenty minutes to one—I saw you at Mr. Grey's shop a quarter of an hour before that—I do not know that I saw you do anything to the shutters; I saw you get in—there were some young lads stooped down at the door; you got over their backs and got in—you had a very remarkable cap on—I did not notice which hand you had the candlestick in—you came out at the door, the same way that you went in.

Taylor. It was half-past twelve o'clock when I was in a public-house against the Common. Witness. It was about half-past twelve when I saw him go into Mr. Grey's—I took him about a quarter of an hour afterwards.

MR. CLERK.
Q. Did you ever lose sight of him when he came out of the house with the candlestick in his hand, till you caught him in Grosvenorpark? A. The only time I lost him was, when he doubled down and got into an area with Finlay—when his cap came off and the two shoes fell, I took them up and pursued him again—I ran after him for a mile at least.





DAVID FARMER.
 I aam a plumber in Southampton-row. I was acting as a special constable on 13th March—I observed the mob coming up Southampton-street from the Rosemary Branch—they passed by Mr. Grey's shop, and nearly the whole of them turned up a street—they returned, and commenced attacking the place—I went up with other constables, and attempted to get to the door-way—the door had ben broken in, so as to give them access to the shop—they were passing in and out at the time I got up—Brown and Duffy were two that I saw in the act of passing in and out through the broken door—I noticed duffy first, and then Brown—I and Mr. Fleming, another special constable, attempted to go into the house—I was knocked down by the mob—I noticed one of the persons who struck me was Archer—he was in the mob, about three yards from the door—just before I was knocked down he made a blow at me—I was struck by several—he was the only person I could recognise—I noticed Lowers and Walker—they were close by me when I was struck, about three yards from the door—they had sticks in their hands, and were pressing towards the door—after I got up, I got into the shop, and soon after the mob dispersed—some constables were then coming up—when I came out, I saw Brown in custody of the officer Buchanan—I said, "There is one of the men that I saw going into Mr. Gray's shop"—Brown said."You had better make a feast of me"—I did not notice any one else striking me but Archer—another witness speaks

to Lowers striking me, but I did not observe that myself—he was behind me.

Brown. Q. Did you see me come down with the mob? A. I saw you passing in and out—I saw Duffy coming out.

Duffy. Q. What time was this? A. I cannot speak to ten minutes—it was between twelve and one, about the half-hour.

Duffy. I am taken for another man; you stated it was twenty minutes to one, and you saw me the ringleader; you are being paid for perjury. Witness. No, certainly not—I am quite confident you are the man I saw coming out, or I should not have sworn to you.

Lowers. On the last examination, when he swore I struck him with the stick, he said, on my cross-examining him, that it was not me. Witness. I do not say you struck me—I could pick you out of fifty persons of the same size.





JOHN PARSONS.
 I am a plumber at Camberwell. Between twelve and one o'clock on 13th March I was in Abbot-street, which runs into Southampton-street—I saw the mob there—I can identify Brown and Duffy as being there—I saw them come back to Mr. Grey's shop at ten minutes or a quarter to one o'clock—I saw Brown and Duffy close to Mr. Grey's door—I was on the opposite side of the way they were taking an active part, but I did not see them go into the shop—the door had not then been broken open—I had them in sight eight or ten minutes—the mob was at work at Mr. Grey's shop from the time I saw them at the house till they dispersed, about ten minutes—when they began to disperse I ran after Brown for three or four hundred yards—I took this gown-piece from him—he had it in his breast, under his coat—he said he picked it up—some other persons came up, and said, "You had better let him go;" but I kept him about two minutes, till Buchanan came up and took him.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the commencement of the breaking of the fan-light? A. No—I saw them in Abbot-street, about a quarter before one—from the time they returned till they dispersed might be twenty-five minutes.

Brown. Q. Did you see me at the shop? A. I saw you at the door—I lost sight of you for a few minutes—I then saw you making your way off, and I followed you—you had a south-wester or a coalheaver's hat on—I am sure you are the man—(Brown here put hat on)—that is the hat.

Duffy. Q. What time did you see me at the shop? A. About ten minutes to one—I swear to you—you wore a red handkerchief, or comforter—I know you by your face—I could swear to you amongst a hundred—you had on a brown cap, rather darker than your coat—I think you had the same coat on that you have now—I am not being paid for this—I am losing 7s. a day by being here—I am not taking you for Charles Lee, a gipsy—I do not know such a man.

MR. GREY
re-examined. This gown-piece is mine.





JOSEPH BACON.
 I am potman to Mr. stead, of Coleman-street, Camberwell On Monday morning, 13th March, I saw the mob in Southampton-street, about a quarter-past twelve o'clock—I observed Webster and Horssey, but could not swear to any others at that time—I had known them about nine years—they had been at the same school with me—the mob went up Abbot-street, and came back into Southampton-street in about twenty-five minutes—I was opposite the shop, under Mr. Child's', the butcher's verandah—I saw Wester and Horssey go into Mr. Grey's shop—they had then caps on; and old coats—they came out again with hats on, and over-coats buttoned over—I

was going about delivering my beer—I saw Burden by the Bricklayers' Arms, about seven doors from Mr. Grey's—he was with the mob, going in the same direction—I did not see him do anything—there were three lamps smashed at the Bricklayer's Arms—Burden was with the others, but walking by himself—the others were all in different parts of the street, running in all directions—I saw Webster and Horssey again from five to ten minutes, after the mob had left Mr. Grey's—I asked them what they had got—they said, "Nothing at all"—presently I saw Webster give Horssey a small paper parcel, about the size of the palm of his hand—they went up Park-street, and I saw no more of them—Burden was dressed in a long blue coat and cap—I only saw him a moment, but I knew him before, and took notice of him—I am certain he is the person.

Cross-examined. Q. What time did you see Webster going up Abbot-street? A. About a quarter-past twelve—the last time I saw him was as near one o'clock as possible—he then had a coat and hat on; when I saw him first I cannot swear to the coat he had on—he had a cap on then—I was first applied to to be a witness on the Wednesday following—I gave information to Mr. Quinnear on the Tuesday night, about half-past seven—I saw policemen before, but did not say anything to them—my master's house is a very short distance from Mr. Grey's—I told Traffray, on Tuesday morning, that I had seen it, and on Tuesday night Mr. Quinnear came down to me—I did not tell any policeman on Monday—I thought it was not worth while—I saw Webster and Horssey again in Park-place station—the policeman took me—he told me had taken Horssey—I went to identify him—I did not know I should see Webster before I went to the station—a policeman there said, "Are these the men?"—I said, "Yes," and they walked behind the bar—I was told on the Thursday to go Lambeth station, and there I saw Burden amongst other prisoners—they pointed him out, and I said, "That is the man"—I have not said that I had great doubts whether Webster was the person—I have not said so about Burden—I have witnesses to prove that I never said so—I brought witnesses here, because I was told that I had said, I was not certain Burden was the man—I said, "It is no such thing"—he did not say to me, "Be positive about it"—nor did I to him—Quinnear did not say so—Burden was there, like the rest—my beer did not get upset—there was a little spilled—they did not drink it—I was not taken—I had done nothing—I had a view of Webster for a minute or two—there were a great many people, and great confusion.

Horssey. He stated that he was serving a woman with a pint of ale, and there were 300 persons round him, and then he stated he was in the shop serving it. Witness. No; she called me for a pint of ale; I took it into the shop, and then came out—I was running with the mob, after I left my beer in Coleman-street—I am no relation of Quinnear's.

MR. CLERK.
Q. Was Haydon with you when you were near the crowd? A. No; he did not join me at all—I saw Traffray on Tuesday morning about eight o'clock—I did not name to him the three persons I could identify, only Webster and Horssey—I never mentioned Burden—I have known Burden about six years—I am certain that Webster, Horssey, and Burden are three of the persons who were there.





SHAMBROOK BURRELL.
 I am a carpenter, at Peckham. I was in Southampton-street when the mob was attacking Mr. Grey's house—Mayney was there, near the Southampton Arms, coming towards Mr. Grey's with the mob—he had a hammer in his hand—I saw him in the act of hammering the

shutters—that was at the time they were into—I saw the shutters of the door knocked down, and saw Mayney go in—others went in at the same time—I saw Mayney come out—I followed him, and lost sight of him against the Bricklayers' Arms—I made inquiries, and found him in a public-house, in East-lane, Walworth—I pointed him out to Smith, the officer—I knew him before.

Mayney. Q. You say you saw me in a publllic-house? A. Yes—I saw you hammering the shutters—the door was broken in—there were perhaps fifteen or twenty persons hammering the shutters—there were perhaps 200 or 300 people about the place.

Mayney. I have understood he has been paid by the police as a spy. Witness. I do not know any of the police—I know Smith the policeman, since he took you—I did not know him before—I know you by working with me fifteen months ago—I did not say, when you dropped a brick off the scaffold, that I would do something for you—I was with you, drinking in the beer-shop, five minutes—it was about twenty minutes to one o'clock when I saw you breaking the place.





WILLIAM SMITH
 (policeman, P 302.) I went with Mr. Burrell, and apprehended Mayney, at a beer-shop—I told him the charge—he said he knew nothing of it.





ANN BROWN.
 I live at Camberwell. I was in Southampton-street on Monday, 13th March—I saw the mob come to Mr. Grey's—I saw George Payne attack the door with a railing, and he cried, "Hurrah for Liberty!"—when he cried that, the rest of the mob came up—I struggled out of the crowd—they began to break the door with hammers, and large rails, and other things—when the door had been broken in, I did not ate any persons gong into the shop, but I saw them coming out—I saw Snead come out—he was getting over the pieces of the door that were left at the bottom part, and holding by the blind that was hanging by she side of the door—while the persons were going in and coming out, I saw watches thrown into the street over the heads of the people, as if they were thrown amongst the mob—there was no one else I could identify besides Payne and Snead—Snead had a small paper parcel in his hand, I cannot say what it contained—I should not have noticed him, but he was so much higher than the others.

Payne. Q. What times was it you saw me attack the shutters? A. I cannot tell—I was not at the first examination—I did not know you were there till I went on the Tuesday—I am quite sure you are the person—I never said you were the person because you had shoes on—I could not tell what shoes or boots you had.





WILLIAM SUMMERTON.
 I am a labourer, and live at Camberwell. On 13th March I saw the mob come round Mr. Grey's shop—I saw Bailey there—he struck the shutters with a short-handled hammer—that was before the door was opened—after the mob had dispersed, I saw him come out of Park-street with the hammer in his hand, and he said to two young men, "If you had been as much use as this hammer, you would have done some good"—I am certain he is the person who said that.

Bailey. Q. Was the door broken in when you saw me? A. No; it was about five minutes to one o'clock when I saw you talking to the two young men—I was not told to come at the second examination—I did not say I knew you by your clothes—I swore to your face.





HENRY HOULTON
(policeman, P 104.) I took Snead into custody at his lodging in Kentish-town—I told him what I took him for—he said he was not there, he did not go further than Kennington-common.






THOMAS ALLISON.
 I live in Southapton-street. I was acting as a special constable—I saw the mob come to Mr. Grey's house—I saw Duffy and Lowers taking an active part—I saw both of them go into the shop and both come out—I saw a silver toast-rack thrown out of the shop into the street—Lowers picked it up, Duffy came out, and he and Lowers went towards the Bricklayers Arms—I followed them—when I first saw them, it was just before they got to Mr. Grey's door—Duffy had an iron bar in his hand—I was about six or eight yards from Mr. Grey's when I saw Duffy go into Mr. Grey's—when he came out, his jacket stuck out as if he had got something under it, and his pockets seemed full—his jacket did not present the same appearance at first—he had a red comforter, or handkerchief, and a cap on.

Duffy. Q. What time did you see me? A. About half-past twelve o'clock—I had seen you about the street before. begging—I never saw you thieving—there was another man of colour there, but I could not swear to him—it was about ten minutes past twelve when I saw you coming down Southampton-street—you were in the mob—I was close by the shop—it was about half an hour from the time the mob got to the shop till they dispersed—I did not see you use the iron bar for the purpose of breaking open the door—you were a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes in the shop—I walked round the mob—it was no use for one person to try to take you—I saw one or two go in and get knocked about.

Duffy. It was Charles Lee, the gipsy, that he meant—there is a policeman that knows the man, and can give me a character—they swear to me because I am a coloured man. Witness. I swear Duffy is the man—we went after the mob, but he got ahead of us—did not detain him in the house because I could not get near the door.

Lowers Q. What time was it you saw me first? A. About half-past twelve o'clock—you were about 100 yards from the shop, coming towards it—you was one of the first of the mob—I saw you get into Mr. Grey's house over the doorway, the same as the others—I do not know how many persons were between me and you—I can swear to you, because I pointed you out—I was facing the door-way when you came out—I did not observe anything in your hand—When you picked up the toast-rack I was gone over to the butcher's, about twenty yards off—you ran in amongst the mob—there were several others near you—I did not take notice of your dress at all—I swear to you by your face.

MR. CLERK.
Q. How far was he from you when he picked up the rack? A. Five or six yards.





JOHN AVERY
 (policeman, L155.) I was at the police-court, on the examination, on Tuesday, 14th March. I saw Lowers there, standing in the public waiting-room—Mr. Allison pointed him out to me as a person he had seen, and I took him—Lowers said he was quite mistaken in him; he was not at Mr. Grey's shop the day before—he had this stick.





WILLIAM OVENDEN.
 I am a tobacconist, out of business, and live in Albany-road, Camberwell. I was in Southampton-street at the time the mob was attacking Mr. Grey's, about ten minutes to one o'clock—I can recognise Walker and Howlett as being there—I saw them about six yards from Mr. Grey's door—I did not see them do anything—I saw Howlett with something in his hand—that was after the persons had got into the shop, when they were about leaving the premises—what Howlett had appeared to me like half-a-dozen tea spoons—he had the handles in his hand—I saw the witness Farmer among the mob, and saw some of the policemen strike

him; but I could not swear to them—I mentioned two or three, but on the second examination I could not pick them out; they had changed their neckcloths—I can now recollect that Lowers struck Farmer; but he had a red handkerchief that day.

Lowers. Q. What did I strike Farmer with? A. A stick, similar to what boys strike hoops with—you were about half-way between Mr. Grey'a and the Bricklayers' Arms—there were three or four persons near Mr. Farmer, who are not here—on the first day I sware to one prisoner, who had received a cut in his eye; but since then he has recovered—I could not swear to him now—I could swear to you; I knew you well; I said so the first day—the person who was cut in the eye was in the crowd—I should think there were not above nine persons round when you struck Mr. Farmer—the other persons were gone—the mob left before one—I saw you with a stick—you struck him—I can swear to you by your countenance—you ran away when you struck Mr. Farmer—to the best of my knowledge you ran over the bridge—I do not know where Mr. Farmer went.





HENRY HAYDON.
 I am servant to Mr. Harding a butcher, in Southampton-street, four doors from Mr. Grey's. I saw the mob at Mr. Grey's and Burden among them—he was right opposite my master's—s young chap came out of Mr. Grey's and Burden and another went after him—Burden took a paper parcel, about as large as the palm of my hand, out of the hand of the man who came out of Mr. Grey's, and put it into his pocket—he went away, and I saw no more of him.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you said you had any doubt whether it was Burden? A. No; I said it was Burden—I am sure it was him—I have not talked this over with Bacon—I have not heard him say he was fold that I said I was not sure it was Burden—if he has said that he and I were talking about it, it is not true—I have had no conversation with him about it—I can see Mr. Grey's shop when I stand at our door—it is on the same side of the way—I gave information in the middle of the day, on Tuesday—I saw Burden on the Thursday evening afterwards, at the station—they told me they had taken him—I was taken there, and said that was him—I had seen him with brooms and brushes before I saw him with the mob—I cannot say when, but in Southampton-street—I had seen him three times—I see a great many persons with brooms—I cannot recollect them all, but I saw him picking up stones for a wager four or five years ago—I saw him for about five minutes, before he took the parcel, on 13th March—he was about four yards from me when he took it—there were a great many persons, but not above one person passing between me and him—when I first saw him he was in the middle of a mob of about five hundred persons—he was doing nothing—he had a hat and a blue coat on.

MR. CLERK, Q. How long had you known Burden before that day? A. I had only seen him three times before—I had not heard his name—I knew him by sight—I gave information to Mr. Grey on Tuesday, and described the person—I saw him for about seven minutes altogether on the Monday.





CHARLES FLEMING.
 I am a plumber and glazier. I was near Mr. Grey's shop on 13th March—I saw the prisoner Brown attack the shop—he began to batter the shutters—I ran over to the private door—I thought they would let me in, to help protect them—I saw Brown taken—I believe he had something in his hand when he was hammering; I cannot say what—I saw Taylor on the left-hand side of Mr. Grey's—he handed some spoons to a

second person, whom I took by the collar; but a number of them came round me, and I was obliged to release him—the mob struck me with sticks, knocked my hat off in the road, and struck me with stones, and other things—I am sure Taylor was the person; I was standing exactly opposite.

Taylor. Q. What time was this? A. About twenty minutes to one o'clock—I cannot say to five minutes—it was about half-past twelve when I left my own home—it was near the doorway that you gave the spoons.

Brown. Q. You saw me? A. Yes; I kept you gave in sight when you went off, and followed you to the Triangle—I cannot tell the time exactly—there were more than you about the shop—I saw you attack the shop—I could not keep my eye on you, and pick my hat up at the same time; but I got sight of you again—I saw you come to the door—I could not see you when I went to Mr. Grey's private door, but I recognised you after I returned—I am sure you are the person who came to the shop-door—your cap was so conspicuous that I saw you again when I came from the private-door—I kept my eye on you from the time you left the shop till you was taken—you had a jacket on.

Brown to
JOHN PARSONS. Q. What had I on? A. I cannot say, but you shad a south-wester—I am sure you are the man.





WILLIAM JAMES BUCHANAN.
 I was acting as a constable on 13th March. I received Brown into custody from Mr. Parsons.

Brown. Q. What clothes had I on? A. I did not take notice whether it was a jacket or a coat—you had a peculiar hat on.





CHARLES FLEMING

re-examined. I observed the cap Brown had on—it was similar to what coalheavers wear—it was this cap—(looking at it)—I have no doubt.





THOMAS PRITCHARD
 (police-sergeant, P 22.) I produce the door from Mr. Grey's, and this bar—I received them at the police-court.





AMBROSE MUGFORD
 (policeman, M 163.) I took Duffy in a street in the Mint—I told him it was for being concerned in a robbery in Southampton-street—he was innocent, he was not the man; that he knew who it was, and if he were taken he would split—he said it was Black Ben.






GEORGE COLLINS.
 I am a hatter, in Lock's-fields. I was a special constable—I was present when Duffy was taken—as we were taking him to the station, he said it was impossible for him to have been on Kenningtoncommon or Southampton-street, for he only left his home in Kent-street to go two doors off to get some tobacco and bread; and after getting them he went home, and did not go out again during the day.





GEORGE QUINNEAR
 (policeman, P 201.) I took Webster at 17, Pitt-street, Old Kent-road—I told him why—he said, "I was not near the place; I was on Kennington-common the whole day"—I took him to the station, and brought the witnesses to identify him—Bacon said, "That is the man"—Webster said, "Did you see ne there?"—Bacon said, "Yes, I spoke to you"—Webster said, "I should like to know what business you had to put that question to me"—I took Burden in Walworth—he said, "I was not there; I went out with my brooms in the morning; I went to Kennington-cross; I had a brush stolen; I saw the shops shut up; I returned home between twelve and one, and went and spent the evening at the Duchess of York."

Cross-examined. Q. Did you tell Bacon you had taken Webster? A. Yes.

MR. BODKIN.
Q. What did you say to Bacon? A. I told him I had taken young Webster and he was at the station, and he was to go to the station to see if the recollected him.


Finlay's Defence. I was not there.

Howlett's Defence. I ran before the mob to tell the people to shut up their shops.

Taylor's Defence. I was not near the shop.

Brown's Defence. I stood opposite the shop; I saw my brother-in-law; I went to see if it was him, and picked up a bit of print; I thought I saw my brother running; I followed him, and Mr. Parson's came and took me; I was not near the shop, within three yards.

Duffy's Defence. There is a man who knows he saw me in South-street at half-past twelve; I am innocent of the charge.

Duffy called






GEORGE CORBETT.
 I am a shoemaker, in Well's-place, South-street, Camberwell. I saw Duffy in South-street at half-past twelve, or a quarter before one o'clock—I did not notice the time positively—that is shout a quarter of a mile from Southampton-street.

MR. BODKIN.
Q. What was he doing? A. He was apparently heading the mob—there were three shops broken into in South-street—Duffy and another dark man were heading the mob—Brown, Duffy, and a man named Prophett, were there.

Archer's Defence. I was not in Southampton-street; I was on the Common.

Horssey's Defence. I am innocent; I was two miles from the place.

MR. CHARNOCK
called






ANN GISSON.
 I am a laundress, at 10, Poplar-row, Pitt-street, Walworth—my husband is a sailor—I have known Burden for twenty years, down to the present time—he hears an honest character. On Monday, 13th March, I saw him in Poplar-row, from ten to five minutes before twelve o'clock—I do not know hot far that is from Southampton-street—I was in conversation with him about five minutes—I left him about twelve—I went to the Duchess of York, to get a pint of beer for my dinner, at half-past twelve—I saw him standing there then, and spoke to him—it is not more than 100 yards from where I live—I can go there in two minutes—I was not in the public-house five minutes—I called for the potter and went out—at a quarter after one Mrs. Coleman called me into the Duchess of York again, and Burden was there then—I have no doubt of seeing him—I have known him twenty years—I went to Newgate-street, returned at half-past four, and he was then in the net of leaving.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN.
Q. where does he live? A. He did live at 8 or 9, Poplar-row—I live at No. 10—he now lives in North-street, which is a very little way from where I live—he is married, and has three children—I have been married forty years—my husband is now in England, and is working at a mill at Chelsea—he goes there from Lock's-fields ones a week—he is watchman there—I have some sons who are sailors—I have one at home twelve years old—the first time I saw Burden that day, he was not it any house—he wa in the habit of carrying brooms and brushes about—I saw him from ten to fifteen minutes before twelve o'clock—I had not been two minutes from home—I was walking along with my grandchild—I do not think I was home—I was out of doors ten minutes—the reason I know it was that time was, I went to the baker's, to get some bread at ten minutes to twelve, and it might have taken me two minutes to return—when I came back I saw Burden talking to a neighbour—I did not busy anything at the baker's; I simply went to see what time it was—I think it was on Wednesday night, or

Thursday, that I heard Burden was in custody—when I went to get my supper beer about half-past nine or ten—I was washing at home on Tuesday—I cannot say whether I was outside the door—I sometimes go out and sometimes not—I am confident I did not go out on Wednesday, till between nine and ten at night—I was washing all day on Tuesday, on Wednesday, and on Thursday—it is very seldom that I go out after Monday, to seek for linen—I went out with my grandchild on Monday—My daughter was cleaning up the place, and during that time I saw Burden—I did not take notice how many persons were in the public-house—there might be half a dozen or more—I dined that day about a quarter past twelve.

MR. CHARNOCK.
Q. Is there a clock in the baker's shop? A. Yes, and it is from that I speak—I met Burden two or three minutes afterwards—I am sure it was on the same Monday, for I was quite alarmed that day.





GEORGE THOMPSON.
 I am an engineer, in North-street, Walworth. On that Monday morning I was sworn in as a special constable—I went to the Duchess of York, that morning, at half-past eleven o'clock—I have known Burden very well for about two years, down to the present time—he has been a very hard-working and honestman—after I had been in the public-house, he came in from a quarter to half-past twelve, and was standing at the bar reading the paper—I did not speak to him, but the publican said to him,"Joe, you have done soon to-day"—the public-house is a mile and a half from Mr. Grey's—it would take a person a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes to go there—I left the public-house a little after four—I left Burden there—he was not out of my sight more than three or four minutes—I am positive it was on that day.

MR. BODKIN.
Q. You are a special constable? A. Yes; I left word if I was wanted I should be at the public-house—I am no relation of Burden's—I think it was on the Thursday evening I heard he was taken—I should think the public-house is a mile and a half, if not further, from Mr. Grey's—I should be surprised to hear it is within a mile—I have been in the habit of walking the distance—I have a friend living near Mr. Grey's.





JOHN GROUT.
 I live at 13, Pitt-street, Kent-road. I was a porter in the goods department at the South-Eastern Railway for six months—I am now out of employ, because they have diminished their hands till their business gets brisk—I was sworn in as a special constable, with Mr. Thompson, on the Monday of the great Chartist meeting—I went with him to the Duchess of York, about eleven o'clock or a little after—I saw Burden come in about a quarter-past twelve—I remained there till about half-past four—Burden was there all that time—he might have left for five minutes to go to the back place—I have known him nine years—he bore a very good character.

MR. BODKIN.
Q. Where do you live? A. At 13, Pitt-street, about 100 yards from the Duchess of York. on the Thursday evening, when I went there, I heard that Burden was taken from his work.





THOMAS COLLINS.
 I am a beer-shop keeper, at 13, Webber-street. On Monday,13th March, I went to the Duchess of York, about twenty minutes past twelve o'clock—Burden was in the tap-room when I went in—I had never seen him before—I remained there till about twenty minutes past four—I did not miss him above two or three minutes during that time.





CHARLES TAYLOR.
 I live at 7, Poplar-row, Lock's-field. I have known Burden five or six years—I went to the Duchess of York, on the 13th March, about a quarter past twelve o'clock, to see Mr. Collins—I saw Burden there as soon as I went in—I remained there till nearly five in the evening—Burden

did not leave for any time; he might have gone backwards—I was with him till half-past four, or thereabouts—he left before I did.

MR. BODKIN.
Q. Did you go to the common? A. Not till the evening, when I went home, about six o'clock.





EDWARD GOLDHAM.
 I keep the Duchess of York, at the corner of Pitt-street. I have known Burden two years—I never heard anything against his character—on Monday, 13th March, he was at my house—I did not see him come in, but I can swear to his being there at twenty minutes past twelve o'clock, because some men came in and called for a pot of sixpenny ale, and they looked at the dial which was over my head—they went into the tap-room—I carried in the ale, and saw Burden there—I asked the special-constables to remain there, but it was more a joke than anything else—I said I could take care of my own property—I was taking my tea when Burden went out, he nodded to me—it was between four and five.





WILLIAM HINELEY
 (policeman, M 85.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Brown's former conviction—(read—Convicted Feb., 1846, having been before convicted, and confined eighteen months)—I was present at his trial—he is the person.





GEORGE QUINNEAR
 (policeman, P 201.) I produce a certificate of Walker's former conviction—(read—Convicted Nov., 1847, and confined three months)—I was at his trial—he is the person.





JEREMIAH CRONIN
 (policeman, S 318.) I produce the certificate of Snead's former conviction—(read—Convicted dec., 1846, having been before convicted, and confined six months)—I was at his trial—he is the person.

Payne's Defence. I was living at a beer-shop about two months; I went out that Monday morning, and a gentleman asked me if I would earn 1s. 6d. or 2s.; I said, "Yes;" I went there, and saw a great many people; I was taken, and they said, "That is one of them."

Bailey's Defence. There is only one witness speaks to me; he said, in his deposition, he thought it was me; I have a good character.
(Joseph Dunkley, a grocer, deposed to Archer's good character; Lydin go to bed, to that of Horssey; and Mr. Simons and Charlotte Andrews, to that of Bailey.)

ARCHER, HORSSEY, WEBSTER and BURDEN—


NOT GUILTY.


FINLAY—


GUILTY
. Aged 17; HOWLETT—


GUILTY
. Aged 13; TAYLOR—


GUILTY
. Aged 25; DUFFY—


GUILTY. Aged 21; LOWERS—


GUILTY. Aged 18; WALKER—


GUILTY. Aged 13; MAYNBY—


GUILTY. Aged 22; PAYNE—


GUILTY. Aged 17; BAILEY—


GUILTY. Aged 18; 










Transported for Seven Years.


BROWN—


GUILTY. Aged 26; SNEAD—



GUILTY
. Aged 25; 



Transported for Fourteen Years
.
