



1935. 




CHARLES COLLINS
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Samuel M'Lellan, about nine in the night of the 
17th of June, at 
Greenwich, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 2 watches, value 3l. 10s., his property.






SAMUEL M'LELLAN
. I am a watchmaker, and live at Greenwich. On Thursday, the 17th of June, I was in my shop about twenty minutes past nine o'clock, and while there heard a very violent knocking at my window—I thought at first it was against the wood, but after the knocking was repeated three times the glass gave in, and I heard it smash—I saw a person's hand through the glass, where there were rows of watches hanging—I went towards the door, saw Mr. Coyfe, my neighbour, and begged him to mind my shop while I ran after the person—my son ran out first, and

raised the cry of "Stop thief," and I did the same—I saw the prisoner in custody of a policeman—when 1 got back to the shop I saw the entire of one watch and the face of another removed from the place where I had seen them safe about nine o'clock—Mr. Coyfe had picked them up.





THOMAS COYFE
. A am a confectioner at Greenwich, and am next neighbour to Mr. M'Lellan. Between nine and ten o'clock on the evening in question, I was at supper, and heard the breaking of glass, and a cry of "Stop thief"—I ran to my door—Mr. M'Lellan had just come out of his shop—he asked me for God's sake to mind his shop—the plate-glass window was broken—I picked up one watch, and the inside of another just under where the glass was broken—(the persons were gone from the window then)—I put them into, the hole of the window, and told the prosecutor when he returned what I had doen—I stood with my back against the window till he returned.





JOHN GOLDFINCH
. I am a policeman. On the night of the 17th of June, I was about twenty yards from the prosecutor's, and heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I ran in the direction of his house, and the prisoner and a number of other persons were running towards me—I seized him by the arm, being the foremost—the prosecutor, came up at the moment, and said, "Where is the watch?"—I put my hand into the prisoner's trowsers pocket, and took out the outer and inner case of a watch which I produce—I have had them in my possession ever since, also this entire watch, and the works of another.

MR. M'LELLAN
re-examined. This case is mine, it has my handwriting in it—it is one of the watches that was hanging in my window on the night in question with the works—the glass was perfect at that time—it is a second-hand one which I bad for sale—here is the one Mr. Coyfe gave me—they were hanging next to each other.

Prisoner's Defence. I had been out of work for five weeks, and distress drove me to do it.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

