



1222. 



GEORGE LOVE, alias
 William Jackson




, uttering counterfeit coin, after a previous conviction.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL.
 I am assistant-solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the prisoner's conviction at this Court—I have compared it with original, it is a true copy—(read—Convicted June, 1847, and confined six months).





WILLIAM WESTLAKE.
 I am a chandler, at Stepney. I was present last June when the prisoner was convicted and sentenced to six months for passing a bad half-crown to my wife.





JOB HITCHCOCK.
 I am a market-gardner. On 22nd April I was at my stand in Covent-garden Market—the prisoner came up to me—I served him with some cabbages—he tendered me a half-crown—I gave him 2s. 2d.

change—I looked at the half-crown and found it was bad—I put it into my waistcoat pocket, separate from other money, and went after the prisoner—I met Moore, the market beadle, marked the half-crown, and gave it to him—I saw the prisoner about twenty minutes after—I am quite certain he is the man.





THOMAS WALTER.
 I am a porter in Covent-garden Market. On Saturday morning, 22nd April, I saw the prisoner give Mr. Hitchcock a half-crown and receive the change and go away—Mr. Hitchcock showed me the half-crown—I saw it was bad, and pointed out the prisoner to Moore, who took him—I am sure he is the man.





RICHARD MOORE.
 I am beadle of Covent-garden Market. I received this half-crown (produced) from Hitchcock—Walter pointed out the prisoner to me—I laid hold of him, and he asked what I wanted—I told him he knew perfectly well, when we got to the station I would tell him—he went quietly to the station—I went to search him and he said, "Oh, if that is it take that," and struck me in the jaw—he tried to get his hand into his waistcoat pocket—I got the assistance of four policemen, and after great resistance I managed to get my hand into his pocket, and found this other bad half-crown—the inspector told him he was charged with passing a counterfeit half-crown to Hitchcock, who was there—he denied it.

MR. POWELL
re-examined. Both the half-crowns are counterfeit—one is a William IV. and the other a Victoria.

Prisoner's Defence. I am not guilty; I was going to give up the money I had in my pocket, which was 5s. 1d., when they seized and pretty well strangled me.




GUILTY.—


Transported for Seven Years.

