



2042. 




MICHAEL MAHONEY
 was indicted

 for stealing in the dwelling-house of 




Derwent Coleridge, clerk; 4 printed books, value 17s.; 3 pairs of socks, 3s.; 5 handkerchief, 5s.; 1 sheet, 2s.; and 1 case of mathematical insrtuments, 1l. 1s.; his property; and a variety of articles, the property of different person; and afterwards burglariously breaking out of the said dwelling-house.






REV. DERWENT COLERIDGE.
 I am principal of St. Mark's College, Chelsea. On the 19th of Sept., in consequence of something said to me, I gave information to the police—the prisoner was formerly a pupil at the College—he left, I believe, about eight or nine months ago—I know all this property (produced)—they were all articles in my custody-they have the names of the students on them—the books and clothes belong to the College—they were in keeping—they had been in the library—it is a collegiate institution—I have the separate use of it as a dwelling-house, the same as a master or warden of a college—it is my house; nobody else has the control of it.





EDWARD JENKINS.
 I am a student at the college—I came down first in the morning, found the shutter thrown back, and the window open, and showed it to Kentish—I know the owners of all these cases of mathematical instruments—Edward Willett is the owner of this one; this coat is mine; this Church-service belongs to Frederick Whiting; this book to Arthur Brewin; and this box of chess-men to Thomas Kentish.





HENRY MARTYN MILLS HANDFORD.
 I am a at this College—these two books and this atlas belong to me—I saw them safe on Saturday evening the 18th—they were missed on the Monday—they were kept in the lecture-room
in a desk which was not locked.





FREDERICK WHITING.
 I am a students at the College—this case of instruments is mine—I saw it safe on Saturday afternoon, and missed it on Sunday morning.





JOSEPH HANSON
 (policeman, V 133.) On the 20th of Sept., in consequence of what I heard at Mr. Coleridge's, I went in search of the prisoner, and found him in Vine-street station—I told him I wanted him for robbing St. Mark's College, Chelsea—he said he knew nothing about it—I saw Mr. Turner there—he gave me four books, two handkerchiefs, a Church-service, two duplicates, a coat, two pencils, a medal, and two farthings, which I produce—the prisoner gave his address, 22, George-street, Grosvenor-square.





ROBERT MITTELL
 (policeman, V 181.) On the 20th of Sept., between three and four in the afternoon, Mr. Turner told me something, and I went to George-street, Grosvenor-square; searched, and found five cases of instruments,

fifteen books, a case of razors, a ruler, a box of chess-men, a bundle of pamphlets, and other things, which are here.





THOMAS KENTISH.
 I am a students at St. Mark's College—this box of chess-men is mine—I had seen them safe on the Saturday evening; when I case down on Sunday morning a window was pointed out to me by Jenkins—I had fastened it, and put the shutter up about half-past nine o'clock the night before, with a clasp and two bars—it could not be opened from the outside—the window on the stair was also open—I do not know whether it had been shut the night before.





JOHN HARRISS.
 I am in service of Mr. Cotterell, a pawnbroker, in Oxford-street—I produced some mathematical instruments pledged by the prisoner, on Monday evening, the 20th of Sept.—I saw the prisoner, and swear to him.





WILLIAM LUCAS.
 I was a student at the College at the time of the robbery—this case of instruments is mine, and was in my desk in the lecture room





WILLIAM GOLDER.
 I was assistant to John Thomas Neal, pawnbroker, of Duke-street, Manchester-square—I produce a case of instruments—I cannot say who pledged them—I gave duplicate, which has been produced.





EDWARD AUSTEN.
 I am a student at the College—this case of instruments is mine, and was in my desk, in the lecture-room, before it was lost.

Prisoner's Defence. The things were placed in my box without my knowledge; it is impossible for any person to get into the College from outside—the window is bound in the middle with an iron bar, and is not above three or four inches wide.




GUILTY.* of Stealing only. Aged 17.—


Transported for seven years.

