



1636. 




GEORGE WEBB
 was indicted

 for assaulting 




Joseph Scott with intent to rob him.—2nd COUNT, for demanding money by menaces.—3rd COUNT, by force; and that he had been formerly convicted of felony.






JOSEPH SCOTT
. I am a grocer, and live at Oldham, in Lancashire. I was staying in London, and met the prisoner in Hyde-park, and asked him the way out of the park—he said he would show me, and I went with him—he caught hold of me by the coat, and said, had I any money—I said, only 2d.—he said he insisted on having my money—he whistled, and five men came out of the shrubbery, and insisted on having my money—I got them off with a stick which I had, but the prisoner followed me out of the park into Blandford-street, and watched me to my lodgings, and as I was turning down the mews he gave a whistle, and three men came—the prisoner said if I would not give him money he would charge me with an unnatural crime—the men brought a policeman, and took me to the station and charged me—the others would not come forward, and the Magistrate discharged me, and told them to take the prisoner in charge—he accused me of taking hold of not a word of it was true—I had been seven weeks in London.

Prisoner. Q. How did you come to take me into a public-house, and give me two pints of beer, and say you would meet me next day in the park again? Witness. I never took you into any public-house at all, and never gave you a drop of beer—I have a pint of porter every night, by my doctor's order—I was having a pint of porter on this evening—that was

after the business in the park, and you came into the house, took the porter, md drunk it up—I did not see any policeman, and so went home to my lodging—when I got in you brought a policeman—I did not stop you in the park and ask you * * * and undo your flap—you said that I caught hold of you, and that you had been easing yourself—I only asked you the way out of the park.





THOMAS SKINNER
 (police-constable T 192.) At twelve o'clock on Saturday night I was on duty in Blandford-street—the prisoner said he wanted to give a man in charge for taking indecent liberties with him in the park—he said the prosecutor got down his (prisoner's) flap, and had got his own trowser's down at the time—I asked if he had got any witnesses—he said he had and brought forward four others, who are in the habit of sleeping in the park at night, neither of whom appeared afterwards—I went to the prosecutor's, knocked at his door, and told him there was a very serious charge against him, and if he studied his character he would come with me to the station-I have not been able to catch either of the four men—they have not slept in the park since.

Prisoner. I am not guilty.





JAMES PEARCE
 (police-constable 107.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted Feb., 1846, and confined tu months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

