



426. 




JOHN FREDERICK FULFORD
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Robert Norrish, on the 
4th of Dec., at 
St. George-in-the-East, and stealing therein, 14 sovereigns, 4 half-sovereigns, 12 shillings, 4 sixpences; and 1 10l. Bank-note; his property.—2nd COUNT, stating 



Rosetta Kershaw to be in the same dwelling-house, and that he, by menaces and threats, put her in bodily fear.


MR. E. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.






ROBERT NORRISH
. I am a baker, and live in Ratcliffe-highway, in the parish of St. George-in-the-East. The prisoner was in my service at the latter part of August as foreman, and remained up to the 4th of Dec.—about a quarter before four o'clock that afternoon I and my wife went out and left the servant Rosetta Kershaw at home with our little boy—the prisoner was not in my service then—I returned home at half-past eleven at night, and found some policemen there—I went up stairs to the front room first floor, which is my bed-room, and saw the drawers removed from their place—one was moved into the middle of the room, and the back of the chest of drawers was broken out, three bottom drawers were unlocked, but the back of them was not disturbed—my wife's wearing apparel was taken out of them and strewed about the floor—those drawers, I believe, had not been locked—I missed out of a small drawer at the top, which bad been locked, two 10l. notes, fourteen sovereigns, and four half-sovereigns, in a purse in a sample bag—those were all in that drawer—one note was a Bank of England—the other was a London and Westminster Joint Stock Bank note—I am sure they were there when I went out, as before I went out I went to the drawer—the money was in a purse in front of the drawer then, and I moved it to the back part of the drawer when I took a cravat out—I felt the money in the purse—when I missed the money I found the back part of the drawer torn to pieces—I came down stairs, went into the parlour, and found the door of a folding cupboard wrenched open, and a till which had been in it was on the table—I missed from 10s. to 20s. in silver from it—that was safe when 1 went out—I had locked it just before I went out—I have seen a chisel and chopper and knife since in the hands of a policeman—the chisel and chopper are mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Does any body but yourself live in the house? A. No—the prisoner was in my employ up to about half-past past one o'clock that day—it was Sunday—he was my foreman—I work at baking on Sunday.





ROSETTA KERSHAW
. I am in the prosecutor's service. On Sunday, the 4th of Dec., I was left in the house with the child, master and mistress being out—I was in the kitchen between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, and about five minutes after six I let the prisoner in—he came to stir the sponge—he was alone—I asked if he wanted a light—he said, "Yes"—I gave him one in the bakehouse—while I was putting the light there the prisoner was pulling out a rope from under the trough—I went up stairs to the kitchen—I went into the parlour to get some tea, when I got the tea I shut the parlour door, and left it on the latch—there are two doors to the parlour, one leading from the shop, and the other to the passage—they were both shut

when I got the tea, but not locked—they were latched—just before I sat down to tea the prisoner came to me, and asked me to lend him a knife—I gave him one—he had a rope and the chopper in his hand—he went up stairs and called me, "Lucy, I want you"—I said, "What do you want John?"—he said, "Step up stairs"—I went up to the top of the stairs, and asked what he wanted—he said, "Come in here"—he was in the back attic, standing with his back against the door—I went in, and said, "What do you want?"—he said, "No matter"—he came out of the room, and pulled the door after him, shutting me in—I tried to pull the door from him, and opened it some space—he told me if I made a noise he would soon be my butcher, he would soon despatch me—I called him a cruel young man, and told him he was going to take an ill advantage after master and mistress were out—he said that was what he wanted—I begged him to let me have the child with me—he said he would bring the child up—he did bring it up, opened the door a short space, shoved the child in, and fastened it again—I had tried to get out while he was down stairs, but could not—he went down stairs, and I heard a chopping, and after the chopping I heard the sound of gold jink—the door was fastened on me with a rope tied to the banisters and run through the key-hole—there is no lock to the door—I called out to him, and begged him to let me out—he said he would let me out in a few minutes, but if I did not keep quiet he would do for me—I heard, after that, one single sound of silver jinking—I endeavoured to get the door open, and did get it open eight or ten inches, sufficient to push the child out—I got out myself at last on my knees—I pulled the door open sufficient to force myself through, and rushed into my own room—I pulled the bedstead against the door, went to the window, and called for assistance—somebody answered me from the street—a policeman afterwards came, and I went into master's bed-room with the policeman—I found the back of the drawers chopped off—the three lower large drawers were open, and mistress's wearing apparel was strewed about the room—the two top drawers were broken open, they having been locked—I had been in the bed-room about half-an-hour before I let the prisoner in, and the things were in their proper order then—I went down with the policeman to the parlour-door leading to the passage—it was open then—I saw a candlestick which I had been using, on the corner of the parlour-table, and the knife I had lent the prisoner—the chopper was on the side-board in the parlour—I saw a till on the table with some copper in it, but no other money—there was 6d. on the table, near the till, which I put into the till after the policeman came into the room—the cupboard doors were broken open—I had dusted down the table half-an-hour before, and there was no 6d. on it then.

Cross-examined. Q. You were rather afraid of his taking liberties with you, were you not? A. No, I had no thought of any thing of the kind—I said, "You are going to take an ill advantage while master and mistress are out"—that did not refer to myself—he did not offer any violence to me, only showed me the knife.

Q. You were not really apprehensive of his using violence to you? A. No, only he said if I did not be quiet he would be my butcher, and showed me the knife, when he had fastened me in, and I spoke to him through the door—it was then he used the expression—I knew he was going to do no good—I was not afraid he was going to do any hurt to my person—only he threatened to do for me.

MR. E. PLATT. Q. When he said he would be your butcher, did he show you the knife? A. Yes.





JOHN CRIDDLE
 (police-constable H 153.) On Sunday, the 4th of Dec.,

about seven o'clock, I was in Ratcliffe-highway, at the corner of St. John's-hill—I heard something was the matter, and went down towards Mr. Norrish's house, when I got there about 100 people were assembled—I asked what was the matter—Kershaw called out from the two-pair of stairs window that the journeyman was in the house robbing it—I told her to come down and let me in—she said she was afraid, for he had threatened to murder her—I went round to Prince's-street to the Swedish Black public-house—I got into Mr. Norrish's premises through that house, into the bakehouse, with Cox, an-other policeman—we got inside the house from the bakehouse, as the door from the bakehouse was open—I went up stairs, and after I came down I found the parlour-door open—I found Kershaw in the two-pair front room with the door shut—the back room-door had a piece of rope run through the key-hole where the lock had been, and tied to the banisters—the door was open about eight or ten inches, but I could push it further open—I found Kershaw in the front room on the same floor—we went down stairs together into the front room, I found the chest of drawers turned out from the wall, the lower drawers open, and the two top drawers locked, but the back of the chest was knocked out and separated entirely from the drawers—the lower drawers were partially out, and several things lying about the floor—I found a chisel which I produce on the floor—we came down into the parlour, and the till was on the table, with coppers in it—I saw nothing else near it—the parlour door was open—this chopper was on the sideboard—the cupboard-doors were broken open.





CORNELIUS FOAY
 (police-constable H 98.) On the 4th of Dec., about seven o'clock in the evening, I went to the prosecutor's house, and saw Kershaw—I heard her give an account of this—I staid there till Mr. Norrish came home, and from a description given me of the prisoner, I looked after him—on Saturday night, the 24th of Dec., about eleven o'clock, he passed me in Beech-street, Barbican—Mr. Norrish said he was the man, and I took him—I asked if his name was Shepherd—he said no—I asked if it was Ful-ford—he said, "That is my name"—I told him the charge—he said Mr. Norrish never had so much money in his house, and as to the servant he knew nothing about her—I said he must go with me to the station—as we went along he said, "You might as well have let me spent my Christmas out; if you had not got me to-night, you would not have got me to-morrow night, for I should have been far enough away"—when we got to the station, Mr. Norrish, in making the charge against him, mentioned about the notes, and the prisoner said, "You have no occasion to make it worse than it is, you know there was only one note"—I searched him, and found 13d., six door-keys, and a knife—as I took him from the station to the Police-court, a man, apparently a baker, stopped him and said, "Jack, how are you?"—he said, "I am well enough; they will only give me a lifer"—he told the man he hoped every man would serve the b----out as he had.

Cross-examined. Q. You recollect those words accurately? A. Yes—I have no doubt about their being the very words he used—there were several persons following him—Mr. Norrish was not present.

MR. E. PLATT. Q. Were you present when the prisoner was examined before the Magistrate? A. I was—his examination was read over to him, and he put his mark to it—this is Mr. Henry's, the Magistrate's, handwriting—I saw the prisoner and Mr. Henry sign it—(read)—"The prisoner, being asked if he wished to say anything, says, 'A week previous to the robbery, Mr. Norrish accused me of robbing him of a halfpenny out of half a bushel of flour; we had a few words; he gave me notice to leave on the Saturday; I said, "Very well, if I leave on Saturday I shall claim a

week's wages;" he told me a few days afterwards that I might leave on Saturday or Saturday week; I said I would leave on Saturday, if agreeable to him; he said he thought I had better stay till Saturday week; I returned to my work on Sunday; the money that I took was a 10l. note, sixteen sovereigns, four half-sovereigns, and 12s. 6d. in silver—I never took out any knife to threaten anybody's life; the knife the servant says I took out was left in the bakehouse; I fastened the girl in the room, and gave her the child; I told her I would let her out in five minutes; that is all I have to say; I solemnly declare I never threatened the life of anybody.' "
(James Taunton, a baker; James Castles, a baker; and Jane Hughes, the wife of a soot-dealer; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
 of Stealing in the dwelling-house above the value of 5l. Aged 21.




Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Wightman.

