





1009. 



ALFRED EVERSHED,



 WILLIAM CARTER
, and 




THOMAS STAPLES
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
29th of February, 1 till, value 2s. 6d., 3 half-crowns, 15 shillings, 9 sixpences, 8 groats, 6 pence, 40 half-pence, and 1 piece of foreign coin, the property of 



John Dawson Watlock.






JOHN DAWSON WATLOCK
. I am a druggist, and live at Wandsworth. On Saturday night, the 29th of February, I missed my till from my shop—it contained half-crowns, shillings, sixpences, four-penny pieces, penny pieces, halfpence, and a foreign coin—this is it—(looking at it)—I believe it is a Prussian coin—this is my till (looking at a till.)





MARY ANN MADDOCK
. I live in the house with John Dawson Watlock. About half-past ten on Saturday night, the 29th of February, a young man came to the house for some vinegar—I cannot tell who it was—I took the bottle and went into the warehouse to get it—while there I heard the rattling of money in the shop, and the shop door suddenly shut—I came into the shop and saw no one there—I called to Mr. Watlock, he came out of the parlour, and the till was gone.





THOMAS JELLY
. I am a smith, and live at Wandsworth. I was near the prosecutor's house about half-past ten o'clock that night, and saw Carter on the opposite side of the way—he crossed and went up Mr. Watlock's

steps, towards the door—he had been there but a little time when out came Staples in a frock-coat, with the till—I am confident it was them—I had seen Carter pass our house a little before, he went up a lane and met the young man in the frock-coat, then they went down the town—when Staples came out of the prosecutor's house, Carter took the till of him, and tried to conceal it under the skirt of his coat—they ran up the street and turned up Farthing-lane and another young man joined them, but I cannot say who he was.





GEORGE WILLIAMS
 (police-constable V 94.) I was on duty in the Vauxhall-road, about a quarter before twelve o'clock at night, on the 29th of February, I received information of this, and some description of persons—about half-past one o'clock I was on duty in South Lambeth, and saw the three prisoners—I followed them a quarter of a mile, when I met with two brother officers, and we took the prisoners—they said they had not been at Wandsworth that night—in taking them to the station-house Evershed dropped some money—I heard it fall, and my brother officer said, "This man is dropping some money"—I picked up a shilling and a halfpenny—I found thirteen halfpence and one penny-piece on Carter.





CHARLES WHELHAM
 (police-constable V 90.) I took Evershed—I saw him drop some money.





ROBERT BARCLAY CAMPBELL
 (police-constable V 146.) I took Staples, and found 9s. 4 1/2 d. on him, and this Prussian coin.





WILLIAM READ
 (police-sergeant V 18.) I went in the direction the prisoner went, and found this till thrown over a high fence.

Staples's Defence. I was in Oxford-street at the time. I went to the Swan, to meet a young man; he did not come; I was then going home, and met these young men, and we joined in company; I had had that coin three or four years.

Carter's Defence. I was not in Wandsworth at the time of the robbery.

EVERSHED—


NOT GUILTY
.

CARTER*—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

STAPLES—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined Six Months.
