





1663. 




EDWARD ROWE,



 EDWARD M'CARTHY
, and 




HENRY HORNE
, were indicted for

 stealing 30lbs. weight of lead, the goods of the 

Poplar Gas-light Company, and fixed to a building.—2nd COUNT, not stating it to be fixed; and that M'Carthy had been before convicted of felony.






GEORGE BANNISTER
, carman, King-street, Poplar. At half-past six o'clock on Thursday morning, the 30th of May, I was opening my shutters—I saw Home and Rowe standing on the steps of the Poplar Gas-light Company, stamping something under their feet, as if doubling it up—on seeing me they left quickly—I went round and followed them, so that I could recognise them—I passed them and returned back, and found this lend on the stones—I called a neighbour, named Beale, to see it—we removed the lead into the yard, and I went to look for a policeman—I could not see one—when I returned Horne and Rowe were waiting outside—Rowe had a bag under his arm—just as I came up M'Carthy came up, and said, "Bill, it is gone"—I went after a policeman, and left my wife in charge of the lead.

Rowe. Q. Why not give us in charge when you passed a policeman in Penny-fields? A. I gave you in charge as soon as I saw one.





SARAH BANNISTER
. I am the wife of George Bannister—he called me down stairs, and I went to the gate—I saw the three prisoners—one of them had a bag, and one of them (I cannot say which) said my husband said I was to give up the lead to them—I did not give it up.





SAMUEL WEBBER
. I am gas-fitter to the Poplar Gas Light Company. I went with the policeman—when he brought the lead I knew it by the cut in it and the tear—I have every reason to believe it belongs to the Poplar Gas. Light Company—I had soldered and fixed it to the building.





THOMAS WATKINS
 (police-constable K 310.) The lead was given to me—I showed it to Webber, who identified it.

Rowe's Defence. I was standing by Mr. Wright's shop; we went round and saw a piece of rag; I did not know there was any lead in it; we went down to Limehouse-hole and waited some time; we went back to Wright's shop, and saw M'Carthy; we understood that Bannister took the lead into his house; we went and asked for it; he came back and gave us in charge.

M'Carthy's Defence. I was watching for a job; I saw these two boys; they said Bannister took some lead from the stones; I said, "Why don't you give him in charge;" at a quarter past seven o'clock he went for a policeman; he took them, and I followed them down.

Horne's Defence. I was waiting for work; we saw a piece of lead on the stones: the witness came out and said, "I see you:" he then gave us in charge.
(Rowe received a good character.)





JOHN HABGOOD
 (police-constable K 109.) I produce a certificate of M'Carthy's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

ROWE—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined Six Months.


M'CARTHY—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years



HORNE—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined Nine Months.

(There was another indictment against Horne and M'Carthy.)
