



166. 




THOMAS TAYLOR
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
29th of Nov., 6lbs, weight of beef, value 3s.; and part of a cooked hare, 2s. 6d.; the goods of 



James Belcher.






JAMES BELCHER
. I keep the Barclay Arms, at Cranford. On the morning of the 29th of Nov., about half-past eight o'clock, a coach-load of people and a van-full came to my house, they went into my kitchen, and pulled all the things about there, and others of them went up stairs—I called the servant, but those who were in the kitchen would not let her out, while others were plundering the larder—the prisoner was one who was there—there was a piece of beef, a cooked hare, (almost a whole one,) and three quartern loaves, taken out of the house—they paid for the liquor which they drank, but not for what they took out of the cupboard—they did not ask for the beef or the hare, which I missed—this is the beef—it is mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you notice the prisoner there? A. Yes, and served him with rum—there were thirty or forty personaal together—I understood they were going to a fight—they were going from London—my maid-servant is not here—there was no money paid to her—she could not get out of the kitchen—the money that WM paid for liquor was paid to me at the bar.





JAMES GILHAM
. I am a labourer. About half-past eight o'clock, on the morning of the 29th of Nov., this party arrived at the prosecutor's—the prisoner was one of them—I saw him standing at the larder-door—this is the piece of beef—(looking at it)—I am sore it was safe in the larder before the party came—I had my dinner off it the day before—I was in the prosecutor's service.





JOHN DAY
. I saw the prisoner come out of the prosecutor's public-house with two loaves of bread under his arm.





THOMAS DOUGLAS
 (police-sergeant J 28.) I received information about nine o'clock that morning, and overtook the coach just by the Cross at Coinbrook—it was then standing still—I saw the prisoner in the coach—he had a loaf of bread and this piece of beef by the side of him—I showed the beef to
the prosecutor and Gilham—they identified it.

Cross-examined. Q. How many other persons were in the coach? A. I believe five or six.




GUILTY
.* Aged 42.—


Transported for Seven Years.

