




2142. 




THOMAS ROBERTSON
 was indicted for

 a robbery on 



Edward Lee, on the 
28th of June, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 watch, value 15l., his goods; and 




JOHNPATTERSON



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.






EDWARD LEE
. I live in Bryanston-square. On Tuesday evening, the 28th of June, I was in Hyde-park about ten o'clock—as I was crossing the Park a soldier came up to me on the line between Kensington-bridge and Cumberland-gate, and accused me with interfering with him when he was with a girl—I denied any knowledge of him—I had not seen him, or any girl, or any thing of the kind—he laid hold of my coat—I tried to extricate myself from him, a tustle ensued, and I was thrown on the ground with violence—I had my watch in my waistcoat pocket, attached to a gold chain, which was round my neck—I got up, and a

second tustle ensued, when I liberated myself from him, and made my escape—shortly after that, on my way home, I found that my watch was gone—that was after I had left the Park—this is the chain to which it was attached—it was broken off, and the chain was hanging round my neck.





ANDREW CAMERON
. I am a private in the Scotch Fusilier Guards. On Tuesday, the 28th, about twenty minutes past ten o'clock, or there—about, I was in bed in my barracks, in Portman-street, Portman-square, when Robertson came into my room—our barracks are from three to four or five hundred yards from Hyde-park—he seemed to be in a perspiration—be came up to the bed, and showed me a watch in his hand, and asked me what I thought of it—I told him I did not know what to think of it—I desired him to go to his bed, and he did—he showed it me again next morning—I observed it—it appeared to me to be a gold watch with a silver dial, and gold hands to it—I should know it again, I think—after I returned from the parade, I found Robertson confined in the black-hole—Patterson came up to the barrack-room, came up to Robertson's bed, and took the watch out of a hair cap—I said, "What are you doing there?"—he said, "I am to take care of Robertson's watch till he comes out of the black-hole"—he did this openly, so that anybody could see him—I did not ask Robertson how he came by the watch, and he did not tell me—I did not see Patterson take the watch out of the room—I saw it was him in the room—that might have been about eleven o'clock—I did not ask Robertson how he came to be so hot, or where he had been, nor how he got the watch—I had never seen him with one before—the watch which Patterson took from the hair cap was the same that Robertson had shown me.





WILLIAM DOUGLAS
. I am corporal in the 1st battalion of Scotch Fusilier Guards. On Wednesday, the 29th of June, at half-past seven o'clock in the evening, I was on duty at Buckingham Palace—the prisoner Patterson was brought to me by a file of men—it is customary, when a man is brought into custody in that way, to take from him what he has about him—I ordered him to deliver to me what property he had about his person, and he delivered me a gold watch—I gave it to Sergeant Mills.

Patterson. Q. Did I tell you the reason why I gave myself up? A. He said that two of his comrades had been trying to take a watch from him, and he gave himself under charge of a non-commissioned officer in the Grenadier Guards, with a view of protecting the property.





JAMES MILLS
. I am a sergeant of the 2nd battalion of Scotch Fusilier Guards. I saw Robertson on the night of Tuesday, the 28tb, in the barrack-room—Patterson was in bed at that time—when Robertson came into the room, he went up to Patterson, and said he had had a terrible fight since he had left him—that was about half-past ten o'clock—there was then some talk about skittles, and I did not hear any thing else.

Robertson. Q. When I came in, did I go to Patterson's bed or ray own? A. They are both close together—you went to the feet of both.





FRANCIS HUGH GEORGE SEYMOUR, ESQ
. I am captain and adjutant of the 2nd battalion of the Scotch Fusilier Guards. On Thursday, the 30th of June, the prisoner Patterson was brought before me, on a charge of having a gold watch in his possession, which could not well be his own property—I cautioned him to tell me the exact truth, and entreated him not to stick to a falsehood, if it was one that he had before told on the subject of the

watch—he maintained that it was his own property, that a friend had given it to him a fortnight before—he mentioned the person's name, but I do not recollect it.





WILLIAM CUMMINO
 (police-sergeant D 3.) On Saturday week last about seven o'clock in the evening, I took Patterson into custody, and received this watch from Sergeant-major M'Gregor—it is the same that was produced before Captain Seymour—I was present when this charge was investigated before the Magistrate, and heard Robertson asked if he had any thing to say—I heard him say something, and saw the clerk take it down in writing—it was read over to him, and was signed by the Magistrate—I saw the Magistrate writing—on its being read over, the prisoner said, "That is what I have stated," or words to that effect—I am not aware that he was asked to sign it—(read)—"The prisoner Robertson says, 'I came in about twenty minutes past ten o'clock, and deny that I said any thing about having had a fight—I found the watch at Hyde Parkcorner gate.' E. H. Maltby."

MR. LEE
re-examined. This is my watch, which I had on my person on the night in question—it cost me forty guineas, some years ago. Robertson's Defence. I am not guilty.

Patterson's Defence. I was not aware it was stolen.
(Captain Seymour gave both prisoners good characters.)

ROBERTSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Fifteen Years. PATTERSON—


NOT GUILTY
.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
