




640. 



THOMAS SEAR
 and 




WILLIAM POLLEY
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
28th of Jan., 1 cart, value 15l., the goods of 



George Reynolds.






GEORGE REYNOLDS
. I live in Gray's-inn-road. I have known Polley between three and four years—I do not know Sear—on Saturday, the 28th of Jan., about twenty minutes past eight o'clock, I went out, and left my cart opposite my door, standing against one of my vans—I missed it about a quarter to ten—I saw it at the station, between twelve and one—it is worth 15l.—Polley was brought to my house next day—I had no conversation with him about the cart—he said nothing about it—I said he was the man who stole the cart—I do not recollect his saying any thing—I do not recollect stating before the Magistrate that he denied knowing anything about the cart—I have a very short memory.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. What is Polley? A. A painter—he has known me well—I am in the habit of placing my cart in front of my house—I do not know what Sear's business is—I understand the pony belongs to him.





WILLIAM HONEY
 (police-constable S 158.) On the night of the 28th of Jan., from a quarter to half-past nine o'clock, I saw Reynolds' cart in Juddplace East, New-road, about three quarters of a mile from his house—it was without any horse then—I went towards Reynolds's—on my return to the spot where I had seen the cart I saw the two prisoners in the act of putting a horse into it—I spoke to them both—I said, "What are you going to do with this cart?"—Sear answered, "I am going to take it away"—I said, "Not if I know it"—I then said, "Whose cart is it?"—Sear replied directly, "It is mine"—Polley did not make any reply—I said, "What is the name on the cart?"—neither of them answered—Polley went round to the near-side of the cart, called Sear, and told him he wished to speak to him—he said, "You go with the policeman, I will make it all right, for I will go and see the man I borrowed it of"—when Polley was gone I told Sear I had information the cart was stolen, and he must go with me to the station—he replied, he hoped Polley would return, if not he should get himself into a mess—I gave Sear in charge of another constable, while I took the horse and cart to the station—when I got there, Sear said he had been employed by Polley to use the cart to move some goods—he did not say where.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you have since ascertained that the horse was Sear's? A. From his wife—I might have asked whose horse and cart it was, I do not recollect.





HENRY LEWIS
 (police-constable G 158.) I apprehended Polley—I took him to the prosecutor, and asked him if he was the man—he said he was—I spoke to Polley about the cart—he said he knew nothing at all about it—the prosecutor said, "How came you to take my cart?"—Polley said he knew

nothing at all about it—it is a light market spring-cart, such as a man might very easily draw without a horse, from the place where it was lost to where it was found

MR. WILKINS called





WILLIAM BEAN
. I live on my property, at Willesden. I have known Sear ten years, and always considered him an honest, upright man—I know this horse was his, I purchased it for him—he gets his living by his horse and cart, and removes goods—he has worked for me occasionally with his horse and cart—one of his carts was broken, and I suppose that is why he did not use his own cart on this occasion.

POLLEY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.


SEAR—


NOT GUILTY
.
