



2125. 




PETER HOGAN
 was indicted

 for stealing 300 sovereigns, the monies of 



Bridget Hamahan.—2nd COUNT, of 



Bridget Walsh; 3rd COUNT, of 



Bridget Welch; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






BRIDGET WELCH
. My husband's name was Hamahan, but I have gone by my maiden name, Welch, ever since my husband has been dead, which is 10 years—he died at Limerick—I was with him at the time—we were married at Limerick, four or five years before he died, by father Henwright—we were both Roman Catholics—I do not know how old I was when I married—I was more than twenty-one—I am no scholar, and kept no account—I swear I have gone by the name of Bridget Welch ever since he died—the prisoner is my first cousin—I have been in England better than three months—I come from Limerick, where I carried on an eating-house business for seven or eight years—I had saved better than 600l. during that time—I brought it with me from Limerick, made up in brown paper packages, twenty sovereigns in each, and one had twenty-one—I had got them from the bank at Limerick—Mr. Alexander, a shop-keeper at Limerick, packed them for roe—directly I came over I saw the prisoner—I lodged at his sister's house first, and afterwards at No. 1, Angel-court, next door to her—I occupied the back room, first floor—the prisoner used to come backwards and forwards to the house, and nobody else—I knew nobody else—I told him I had the money, and he was to purchase houses for me with it—I did not give him the money to make the purchase—I was to go with him, and he was to make the purchase—I had opened the box and shown him the money—I unpacked it, and showed him the coin—it was in a small green box—it was not at that time in contemplation that he was to marry me—the week before he robbed me

I lent him 15s.—I had lent him money before—on the 5th of Oct., at six o'clock in the afternoon, I left the room to go to his father's house, up beyond the Quadrant half a mile, or not so much—his father and step-mother had sent for me—I am quite sure the money was safe in my box then, wrapped up in brown paper—I locked the box when I left, locked my door, and put the keys into my pocket—I went to the prisoner's father, returned at seven o'clock, and found my door as I had left it, and the box locked also—the key was still in my pocket—I opened the box, and found 301 sovereigns were gone, and a purse which was clasped round the packages of sovereigns—I gave information to the police, and did not see the prisoner again till next evening, when he was in custody—I suppose he had got a key made to my door, as he constantly had my keys about him when he used to take me about to see London, as I was a stranger here—this is my purse, (looking at it,) and this is the same sort of paper as the sovereigns were packed in—(looking at a piece.)

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Have you not been known by any other name than Welch? A. No—not since I have been here—nobody came to see me but the prisoner—he often came three times a day—he was very much attached to me—he was to purchase a house for me for business—either an eating business or a private house—he had been looking out for a couple of months—he sometimes came, and said he had seen something, but I was no judge—there had been some house mentioned, but he did not agree to it—it was a shop—Bridget Hogan, my mother, helped me to carry on my business at Limerick—she was in business with me, and used to work at it as well as me—we were making a reserve for our old age to be comfortable—we did not both sell the business—the prisoner and his sister encouraged me to come over here, because I should do better here—we brought over what we had saved—I started in business with the money I had after the death of my husband—I did not pay my mother any wages—whatever there was we both had—my mother continued to live with me all the time I was in Ireland, and has done so ever since—the money was mine—what is my mother's is mine—we never made any difference—what she wanted she had—it was my money—she is an old woman, and only wanted enough to eat and drink, and for things to wear—there were 300 sovereigns at the other end of the box—they are not gone—a gentleman has put them into the bank for me—my mother was not within when I left the house to go to the Quadrant—when I came back she was waiting in the passage for me—the purse came to England in the box with the money—it laid on the gold as light as I could hold it—it clasped it—I fastened the two ends of it—I bought it at Limerick of a man who goes round with baskets—I know it very well, and have no doubt of it—there is a stain on it under the ring where the ring draws round it—I hare had it better than twelve months—I did not carry it about in my pocket—I used to leave it in my box sometimes.

MR. PARRY. Q. You have put the money which is left into the bank? A. Yes—in the name of Bridget Welch—the policeman went with me.

JURY. Q. What was the size of the box? A. About one yard and three quarters—there were several sorts of wearing apparel in it—I supported my mother by the business—I took the disposal of the money, and allowed her what I thought proper.





BRIDGET HOGAN
. I am the mother of the last witness, and lived with her in Ireland—she supported me by her business—it was an eating-house—she allowed me to live with her—I do not claim any part of the money—she always let me handle all she had—the money was hers—she brought 600

sovereigns over with her—I got the notes changed for them at Limerick—we came to No. 1, Angel-court—the prisoner is her cousin—he was in the habit of coming backwards and forwards—on the evening of the 5th of Oct. I was standing in the pathway when my daughter went out—I know she locked the door—a very few minutes after she left I saw the prisoner going up stairs—he remained up about ten minutes—I then went up, saw him lock the door with whatever sort of key he had opened it, and come down stairs—I did not see him again till he was in custody—I had no notion he was robbing.

Cross-examined. Q. You were standing at the door when your daughter went out? A. Yes, just in the centre of the passage, not outside the door—when my daughter came back she found me where she had left me—I told her the prisoner had been up stairs—she went up, and said the money was stolen—I had the business in Ireland with my daughter—I used to work at it, just as she did, for the last ten years—I sometimes took money from customers, and gave it to her.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Why give it to her? A. She was more capable of keeping it than me.





JOSEPH MOUNT
 (police-constable C 128.) In consequence of information, I apprehended the prisoner in Great Windmill-street, on the 6th of Oct., about seven o'clock, on the night after the robbery—he was drunk—when I took him 1 took his hat off in the street, and found 175 sovereigns in it, and some loose pieces of cartridge-paper, which I have produced—I took him to the station, searched him, and found this purse, and nineteen sovereigns in it, on him, and this parcel of sovereigns in his pocket; altogether, 218l. 7s., 11d., all in gold but the 7s. 1 3/4 d.—he was so drunk I was not able to question him—next morning I asked him what he had done with the remainder of the money which was missing—he said, "I spent it, as I shall spend the rest, as it is my own hard earnings"—the house the money was taken from belongs to Mary Davis, and is in the parish of St. James—I went with Mrs. Welch, and put the rest of the money into the London and Westminster Bank, in the name of Bridget Welch.





HANNAH POOLS
. I live in Angel-court, Great Windmill-street. The prisoner lodged with me till last Saturday four weeks—I told him not to come again unless he brought me the money for the rent he owed me—he did not come again—he left because he could not pay the rent—he left off paying me on the 4th of Aug.—I gave his sister three shirts to make, to pay off a part, they came to 7s. 6d.—I cannot say how much was left.

Cross-examined. Q. When were you found out to come here? A. This day week.

COURT. Q. Did he appear a man who had money? A. He appeared poor—his sister took the lodging, but he paid me some of the rent, and his sister some—she lived at No. 3 in the same court—I cannot tell how he got his living—he went out sometimes at six o'clock, at seven, eleven, and twelve o'clock—I understood he was a carpenter.





HENRY ROBERTSON
. I am shopman to a clothier in Holborn. On the 5th of Oct., about twenty minutes to eight o'clock, the prisoner came to the shop, dressed very shabbily indeed—he bought a great-coat, two pairs of trowsers, and two waistcoats, and paid me with sovereigns—I saw that he had about twenty sovereigns—he has the coat and waistcoat on now.





MARY DAVIES
. I live at No. 1, Angel-court, Windmill-street Haymarket, in the parish of St. James—it is my dwelling-house—the prosecutrix lived there.

Cross-examined. Q. You live in the lower part? A. The back part—I have nothing to do with their part—I let it out in lodgings—there is one common staircase.


Prisoner. I have the shopman who sold me the purse and other articles, which came to 1l. 18s.; I bought the things first; the man asked if I wanted anything else; I said, "Nothing but a purse."

The Prisoner called






JAMES SHERGOLD
. I am servant to William Morgan, a hosier, of Middlerow, Holborn. On the 4th of last month, about eight o'clock in the evening the prisoner came to the shop, and purchased six shirts, six pairs of hose, one silk handkerchief, three cotton handkerchiefs, and a common green silk purse, with white composition rings like bone—I think I should know the purse again—he paid 1s. for it—I did not notice how he was dressed, but it was rather dirty—I gave him a bill of parcels and a receipt—this is a copy of it, (looking at a paper,) and has been given since he has been in custody—I made out this from memory—I did not know he was in custody when it was first applied for—I cannot say when it was—a policeman in plain clothes came first—I do not know whether it was Mount—it was about a fortnight ago—I gave it to a female—the policeman asked for a bill of the articles sold—I mentioned the purse—I swear the prisoner purchased a green silk purse that day—it had small silk tassels—it was new—there may have been a private mark inside it—I told my master afterwards that I had furnished a copy of the bill.

COURT. Q. Did you tell him at the time that a man or woman had come for a copy of the bill of the things you had sold a few days previously? A. No—I attended before the Magistrate—I first heard that he was in custody when the female came—she did not say her brother was in custody—she said a friend, I believe—I gave the bill before she told me he was in custody—she asked for the bill, and described three men who had purchased some articles on such a night, and said one of them had got into trouble—she did not say it was her brother—she said a friend, I believe—I knew the person from her description—(there were two other men came with him)—she asked what the articles were, and if I would give her a bill, which I did—the other parties did not buy anything that I am aware of—the prisoner paid me for the purse and things altogether—he gave me two sove-reigns—I had had no previous acquaintance with the prisoner—I did not know him at all—I do not know how long ago it is since they applied to me—the woman came by herself—she has called since several times as she has gone along of a morning—I think I gave her the bill the first time she called—she has called since the sessions have been on, of a morning, having pro-mised to fetch me—she called twice before the sessions, once to ask for the bill, and I got it ready for her by the second time, when I gave it her—she did not leave the particulars of the articles she wanted put in it—I got that from Mr. Morgan—I asked him for the list—I have not got the list here—it was burnt—I do not know when, but it was before the copy was given—I did not make the copy from it—it was destroyed before I applied to Mr. Morgan—I made the copy from memory a fortnight after the transaction—I do not know who called and bought articles on Monday—I sold various articles on that day—I cannot call them to mind—I recollect this on account of the amount—I cannot call to mind any other transaction that day—I might if it was mentioned to me.

JURY. Q. Did the female ask you if you remembered selling a purse, naming a purse to you? A. Yes—I said, "Yes"—she asked me what sort of a purse it was—I told her a green one—she did not tell me it had white slides—I told her a green purse with white rings—I had other green purses with white rings—they may he had anywhere—we have higher priced purses—they are rather longer than this—the price of them is 18d.—the purse was Berlin one, close, wove—the woman did not describe it to me—I have not brought

one like it from the shop—I did not notice whether he took the sovereigns out of a purse, or whether he had a green purse already—Mullin was with the prisoner when he bought it—(purse produced)—this is the sort of purse I had in the shop—I cannot say whether it appears to have only had one day's wear since—I see that it is a second-hand article—I should say it has not been worn by the rings—I have had nothing for the trouble of copying the new bill—I had a subpoena and 1s.—I rather think we have more purses exactly like this—I have not been in court during the trial, nor when Welch was ex-amined—I was outside, not within hearing.

Prisoner. Being in liquor, I might make the purse more dirty than it would be at first, and it has been in the policeman's hand—there were eighteen sovereigns in it, which would make the mark.





JAMES MULLINS
. I have not been in the gallery of the court during this trial—I have been outside, and heard nothing that transpired—I know Mr. Morgan's shop in Middle-row, Holborn—I recollect going there with the prisoner and another person who I have seen here—we went to the shop—the prisoner purchased half-a-dozen shirts, half-a-dozen pair of stockings, a silk handkerchief, a scarf, three pocket handkerchiefs, and a green coarse silk purse with two white rings to it—I believe the young man calls them composition—he called them so at the time he sold them—it was the last he had, I think, of the whole set—I had the purse in my hand, and think I should know it again.

COURT. Q. Did he say that was the last he had got? A. The last of that colour—the prisoner had a brown one in his hand first, I did not like it, and chose this one—he did not say he had got one like it—the question was not put, what are the rings made of—Shergold said of his own accord "they are composition rings, it is the last I have of the sort"—I could not see if there was money in the purse when I looked at it; the silk was so thick—it was handed to me in the shop—I thought it was a very good one for him—the third man in our company was M'Cabe, a tailor—he lives in Monmouth-street—he is not here—he is quite well for what I know—I saw him last about a week ago—I was coming down Holborn at this time with M 'Cabe—we met the prisoner, and he invited me to go with him to purchase—he thought we could get them cheaper for him—that we could barter for the things—the man was asked the price of the things, and the prisoner asked my judgment on them—he said, "Do you think these stockings dear," or "What do you think of the price of these stockings?"—I said, "Buy them," and he did—then he said, "What do you think of the price of the shirts?"—we all consulted about it—M 'Cabe did not say much about it—we went with the prisoner to the slop-seller's when he bought the clothes.

JURY. Q. Which shop did he go to first, to Robertson's or Morgan's? A. At Middle-row—Robertson lives higher up, towards the West-end, in Holborn—the prisoner had a blue frock on, and working trowsers—he was rather shabbily dressed, more like me, than he is now—I could not account for his being in a position to buy these things—we did not go to any other shops—he did not always pay with sovereigns—he got change out of some things—I cannot say how many sovereigns he paid at Morgan's, or at Robertson's—I do not know whether he carried the sovereigns in his hat or his pocket.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. How many sovereigns did be give you? A. He only gave me a trifle to pay for my trouble—I cannot exactly say how much now—I went to a public-house with him and had a drop of beer.

Q. Take care, now, did not he give you four or five sovereigns? A. I only got what he gave me—he did not pay me any sovereigns.


Q. How many did he give you, if he did not pay you? A. Why he gave me four, and one shirt—nothing else—I cannot say what M'Cabe had—I cannot say whether he gave his opinion about the purse—he (Mr. M'Cabe) looked at the stockings and the other things—he did not say anything about them—he went to the public-house—I do not know what he had—I cannot exactly say where the four sovereigns were given me—I did not go with the woman to show her Morgan's shop—I do not know who directed her there—I had seen the prisoner with money before—he had his money, at Robertson's, loose in his pocket.

COURT. Q. Did he ever give you four sovereigns for buying a pair of stockings before? A. He never asked me to buy him anything before—I do not know how many sovereigns he had when I saw him pay for the stockings—I did not see twenty—I saw one or two in his hand when he gave me the four—he had them in his pocket loose at Robertson's—I saw him put some coin in the purse when he bought it, but what it was I do not know—I did see him put something into it—it was there I found that I could not see through the purse—I think this is the purse the prisoner bought at the shop—(looking at it)—but it has got very dirty since that time—it was not dirty when he bought it—this has been in good use since, if it is the same.





JOSEPH MOUNT
 (police-constable) re-examined. The purse has been rolled up in this paper, in this handkerchief, ever since I took it from the prisoner, and the paper sealed, it has been in the inspector's room—there has been nothing done to it since I found it in the prisoner's waistcoat-pocket, when I took him—there were then nine sovereigns in it.

JURY. Q. Could you see the sovereigns through the silk? A. I think so.

MR. PARRY
called






WILLIAM MORGAN
 (who had been sent for during the trial.) I know this copy of a bill was made out, but I do not know who for—these goods were supplied from ray shop which I do not attend—I have two shops, next door to one another—Shergold has been in my service two years, or more—he enters the goods that he sells on pieces of paper every day—after I examine them, and see they are all right I destroy them, sometimes next day, or it may go on for a week—I remember an amount of goods being sold—I did not remember the purse being sold till they called my attention to it afterwards—I have now no recollection of a sale including a purse—I do not keep any cash account of the different sales—I have not the total amount of this particular sale on that day—some purchases are so trifling—some accounts may be shillings, and some up to 4l. or 5l.—the ordinary transactions are to the amount of 2l.—we have more under that amount than above it—I know the goods I have in stock—purses are very similar, but I know this purse was not sold at my shop—(looking at it)—I have some similar to it, but this was not one of mine—if I had known this I would have brought one to have explained—I have green purses with white slides similar to this—this is a trifle longer than mine—if I said that it ever was in ray stock I should belie my own conscience—the price of it would be somewhere about 1s.—the rings of my purses are similar, but not exactly the same as this—I cannot exactly say what the difference is—the tassels are the same—there is a difference in the fabric—if a green purse was sold it is not true that it was the last—we have more than one.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. I suppose you do not know your stock of purses? A. I never bought more than one or two dozen of that make—they run; about four brown, four crimson, and four green, in dozens.

COURT. Q. Does your stock come from a particular maker? A. I buy the greater part of them from Mr. Higgins of New-street—I cannot say this

is not one of theirs, but do not believe it was ever mine—I have not taken a fresh stock since.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Can you undertake to say that you have a green purse with white slides in your shop? A. I believe there are some left—I had them within the last month, but not the same as this.





WILLIAM FARNDEN
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted Oct., 1845, and confined six months)—I was present at the trial—I took him into custody—he is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


Before 


Edward Bullock Esq.

