





986. 



JOHN WILSON,


 CHARLES FLAXTON
, and 



JOHN SUMNER



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Hugh Stephens Augarde, and stealing 4 waistscoats and other goods, value 51.7s.; the goods of Moses Teixeira de Mattos: and 2 waistcoats and other goods, value 8l. 2s.; the goods of 



Hugh Stephens Augarde: to which


WILSON pleaded 


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Ten Years.


MR. MILLER
conducted the Prosecution.






HUGH STEPHENS AUGARDE
. I live at 16, Brownlow-street, Haggerston. On Sunday afternoon, 25th Feb., I left my house safe between two and three o'clock in the afternoon—Mr. De Mattos lodged with me—he went out before me—my street-door was double-locked, and everything perfectly safe—I returned about eleven or a quarter-past—I found a policeman in possession of the house: it had been broken into—I found a desk broken open, and the papers were scattered about the room—the bed-room was ill in confusion—I missed the property stated—I saw a crow-bar there—I have only found a small part of my property.






MOSES TEIXSIRA DE MATTOS
. I reside with Mr. Augarde—I went out that Sunday between two and three o'clock—I returned about half-past eleven in the evening after Mr. Augarde—I found the house had been broken, and every box of mine had been broken open.





EDWARD BARBER
 (policeman, N 387). On Sunday night, 25th Feb., at half-past seven, I was on duty at Haggerston; Langdon was with me—I saw three men loitering about Mr. Augarde's house, two of them were Wilson and Sumner, I had not known Sumner before—we watched them some little time and lost sight of them—about twenty minutes after, we came round the corner of Brownlow-street, and saw the same three men coming out of Mr. Augarde's door—I am not certain whether Flax ton was the third man; it was a tall man—they were each carrying something on their arms—Wilson had this stick in his hand and this coat on his arm—they were coming towards us till they saw us, and then they started off, and ran in another direction—I followed and overtook Wilson, but previous to that he had thrown this cane and coat down—the others had thrown these handkerchiefs and other things down—I brought Wilson back—Langdon picked ip my bat and Wilson's, they had both fallen off when we fell—some things were taken out of Wilson's hat—I found three latch-keys on Wilson—there were no marks of violence at the house—I found this crow-bar in the bed-room—the drawers and boxes had been broken open.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. The other men went away and you did not see them again? A. Not at the moment





GEORGE LANGDON
 (policeman, N 265). I was on duty with Barber, and taw Wilson and Sumner and a tall man loitering about a considerable time—we followed them to Albion-square, where there are some unfinished houses, two hundred yards from Mr. Augarde's'; I these lost sight of them—we saw them again in about half-an-hour coming from Mr. Augarde's door—Wilson had this coat and cane—the others appeared to have something across their arms, but it was dark—they observed us and started off, throwing the things in different directions—I pursued Sumner into Albion-square, where I lost sight of him—I was within forty or fifty yards of him—I saw him throw things away—I returned, took up Wilson's hat, and found in it these things (produced)—I went to Kingsland-road, and saw Flaxton and Sumner walking very fast towards London, about eight o'clock, three or four hundred yards from the house—I stopped Sumner, told him I was a police-constable and I wanted him, and that he had just made his escape from Albion-square—Flaxton said, "I don't know what you are talking about"—Sumner said nothing—I took them down to the station—I have not the slightest doubt of Sumner—I saw him twice in Brownlow-street that evening, and was close enough to ouch him—it was eight o'clock.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not Flaxton say, "If you want him you want me too?" A. No; Flaxton followed to the station—I was before the Magistrate—I believe Mr. Robinson attended for the prisoners—I think there were witnesses there the last time to prove where Sumner and Flaxton were—I found a key in Flaxton's pocket—I believe an officer at the Court said Sumner had been summarily convicted.





JAMES PLAYPORD
 (policeman, N 470). I was in Brownlow-street on Sunday evening 25th Feb.—I saw Flaxton and two others in Mark-street, Haggerston—I followed them to Brownlow-street—I was so near to Flaxton I almost touched him—I am certain he is the man—I looked at him twice—I had never seen him before, it was between seven and half-past—I saw them standing against Mr. Augarde's door—I was then about twenty yards

from them, they could not see me, I was behind a cart in a mews—I never saw them carrying anything.

MR. PAYNE
called






ALFRED WRIGHT
. I am Flaxton's cousin. On Sunday, 25th Feb. I was at my aunt's, Mrs. Flaxton's, No. 1, York-place, Hoxton, while she went to Church—I went there about five o'clock to tea—I was in company with Sumner and Flaxton at my aunt's that evening from five till a quarter-past seven, when they went away to the Red Cow—I do not exactly know Brownlow-street—I know partly where it lies—I should not think it could be much more than a mile from there—I attended at the police-office on the Saturday and Monday following, to give my evidence if called on.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLR
Q. Did you tender your evidence? A. I believe Mr. Robinson, the solicitor, did—I offered myself as a witness to my friends, the Magistrate would not hear any—I am a bookbinder's assistant—my last situation was with Mr. Spencer, of Bridgewater-square—I am at present out of employ—my aunt and father-in-law support me—I live with them, at 89, Phillips-street, Kingsland-road—I went to my aunt's that Sunday, at five o'clock—Flaxton and Sumner were there when I got there—the tea was made while I was there—my aunt was there—the prisoners left at a quarter-past seven—I noticed the time—they said they were going to the Red Cow at Dalston, and they expected they should not be more than an hour—I knew the hour they went out, because I went up stairs to fasten the door, and noticed the time—there is a clock in the right-hand corner of the parlour—it is a correct clock, it never deceived me—I looked at it because they told me they should not be more than an hour, and I was to wait till they came back—I swear I never saw them in Wilson's company—I do not know Wilson—they were not doing anything particular while they were at my aunt's—we were having a private conversation between ourselves—we were sitting in the kitchen, below the parlour—my aunt and several cousins (children) were there—I have an uncle, but he was in bed—there was no particular conversation, only that they were going to the Red Cow—Sumner was going to William Flaxton's sister, at the Red Cow—I believe she is in the habit of going out with Sumner, and she had been out with another young man, and they were going to watch her—I have never been in trouble, nor in a police-station, in my life.

MR. PAYNE. Q. What became of your aunt? A. She went to Church—she wished me to stay at home and mind the house, and take care of my little cousins—I went up with these men to fasten the door—I knew that Sumner was rather sweet on Miss Alice, and she went to the Red Cow—Sumner went to watch her, and Flaxton went with him.

COURT. Q. What time did your aunt go to Church? A. About six, or a little after, after she had cleared away the tea-things—Sumner and Flaxton knew that Alice was going to the Red Cow—she lives at my aunt's, but had not been at home to tea—I did not see her at all—they thought she was going to the Red Cow, and waited an hour and a quarter, and went after her—I expect that they knew the time that she expected to be there—I staid till my aunt came home, about half-past eight—my uncle awoke about nine.





MARTHA EDMONDS
. I keep a tobacconist's shop, at 19, Hoxton Old Town. Flaxton lives next door to me, only down a court, but their house joins to mine—on Sunday, 25th Feb., Sumner and Flaxton came to my shop—Sumner came inside; Flaxton was at the cill of the door—Sumner said, "Is your clock right?"—I said it was ten minutes too fast, and my clock was half-past seven—they said they were going as far as the Red Cow, at Dalston;

to watch Flaxton's sister, Alice—Sumner was in the habit of coming to my house—he was mostly in the habit of saying, "Is your clock right?"

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLER. Q. What is there which seems to have so great an attraction in your place? A. He was in the habit of fetching ray goods; I have trusted him, and would again, with untold gold—I am married, and reside with my husband, a tobacconist—he is engaged out of doors from eight o'clock in the morning till nine o'clock in the evening—I sell sweetmeats—I never saw Wilson till he was at the office—I do not keep a bagatelle-table; my clock is generally ten minutes too fast—I can hear Shoreditch clock strike—Mrs. Collins, a person whom I have left to-day to mind my shop, was there that evening and saw Flaxton—she heard my remark as to the time—she does not know much of Flaxton—she bad seen him two or three times—she said, "Is that young Flaxton?"—I shall have lived in that place twelve years next Nov.; I was in private lodgings before.





JAMES CUBE
. I am barman at the White Hart, in Hoxton, about four minutes' walk from where Flaxton and his wife live, about a hundred and forty yards—in going from their house to the Red Cow, they would pass our house—I remember on a Sunday night Flaxton and Sumner calling there—I do not know exactly the day of the month—I attended the police-court on the following Saturday—it was the Sunday before that, that they came—Flaxton's mother called on me next morning, and inquired whether her son had been there overnight—I had seen them the night before—she called at twenty-five minutes past seven o'clock—I have known Flaxton personally about sixteen years, and Sumner about three years; they have borne good characters—I served them that night with half-a-quarten of gin and a pick wick—they did not remain long; they went away.

COURT. Q. How came you to look at the time? A. They asked whether our time was right; and our clock stands so that they cannot well avoid looking at it.





RICHARD DOWLING
. I am waiter at the Red Cow, Dalston. On Sunday, 25th Feb., between five and ten minutes to eight o'clock, I saw Flaxton and Sumner at our gardens—I looked at the clock—Flaxton's sister, Alice, was there; I attended at the police-court.

COURT. Q. What made you look at the clock? A. I go out with my beer between five and ten minutes to eight o'clock; nobody asked me what o'clock it was.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLER. Q. How long have you been waiter at the Red Cow? A. Fifteen months; before that I was waiter at the White Lion, at Enfield—I had a character from my last place—there was nobody with me on the evening in question—I waited on Sumner and Flaxton; they had a pint of ale at the bar—I never saw Wilson before—they remained but a few minutes at the bar; they then went into the gardens—I left them there when I went out with my beer—I do not know Brownlow-street—I was applied to next day to give my evidence—two young men came to me the next afternoon: I do not know who they were, I should know them if I saw them—I did not know that Sumner and Flaxton were in custody till they told me; they told me where the robbery was committed—the young woman was at the Red Cow that evening; she came about half-past seven o'clock—the young woman, and three more young women, and three young men, and the two prisoners, went into the gardens.





JOHN CHAMPION
. On Sunday evening, 25th Feb., I was at the Red Cow Gardens—Miss Flaxton was there, and two more young ladies, and Sumner

and Flaxton—I heard the clock strike while I was in the garden—I attended at the police-court to give my evidence—Sumner and Flaxton spoke to Alice—they remained there; it might have been about a quarter of an hour—they did not take Alice home with them—she was not with anybody particularly—she might have been with me—I took her home.





ALICE FLAXTON
. I am the sister of Charles Flaxton. On 25th Feb. I was at the gardens at the Red Cow, at Dalston—I saw my brother and Sumner there about eight o'clock, to the best of my recollection—I believe Sumner was rather partial to me—I cannot say how long they remained there, I should say a quarter of an hour, or twenty minutes—I cannot say what time I went to the gardens.

COURT. Q. What time did you get there? A. It was past seven o'clock—I went from my mother's house—I left there about half-past six o'clock-my cousin, Alfred Wright, was there, and the family—I drank tea with them, and they saw me go out—I did not tell them where I was going; I told my mother—I went out before my mother—I left her there at half-past six.





WILLIAM HACKETT
. I live at 191, High-street, Hoxton—I know Sumner and Flaxton, and Flax ton's father—he is a watchman—my shop is a stationer's; it is opened on Sundays—Flaxton and Sumner frequently come to my house on Sunday nights to put up the shutters—they have done so frequently for these two years past—my shop is about 100 yards from the mother's—in coming from Dalston to my house persons would have to go along Kingsland-road—they have borne a good character as far as I know—the father was paid for putting the shutters up, and when he did not come, they were paid—my shutters are put up from nine o'clock to half-past nine—we sell newspapers and stationery—the prisoner carried out newspapers for me, nothing else.





JOHN WILSON
—(the Prisoner, sworn), These two prisoners were not with me on the night of Sunday, 25th February—they are not acquaintances of mine—I never saw them before.

COURT. Q. Who were the persons that were with you that got awiy? A. I do not wish to answer—there were two men: I do not know them—I had not known them above a week—I do not know their names—one was called Bill and the other Tom. Sumner received a good character.)

FLAXTON and SUMNER—


NOT GUILTY
.
