



1895. 



JOHN MARR
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Hill, about one in the night of the 
9th of Sept., at 
St. George's, Bloomsbury, and stealing therein 6 keys, value 3s.; 1 ring, 1d.; 1 box of matches, 1/2d.; and 1 rushlight, 1/2d.; his property; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM HILL
. I am a baker, and live in Everett-street, Brunswick-square. The prisoner had been once in my service—on the 9th of Sept, between one and two o'clock in the morning, I was called by the police-man, and found the prisoner concealed under the sofa in the back parlour—he was taken to the station—there were marks that he had got in by the fanlight over the shop-door—that had not been shut at night—we leave it open in warm nights for ventilation—there is always a man at work on the premises—we never leave it open when a man is not there—these six keys and this ring were found on the prisoner—they are mine.

Prisoner. Q. What marks were left of a person breaking in? A. There were marks of his hands as he got in at the window—he had opened a cupboard and taken a rushlight out—that and the matches were found afterwards.





MART ANN BAILEY
. I am in the prosecutor's service. I know these keys are my master's—I left them on the cheffonier—the rushlights were in the cupboard, and the boxes, and one of them was removed in the morning.





JAMES PONFIELD
 (police-constable E 119.) I was called, and found the prisoner under the sofa—these keys were in his pocket at the station.

Prisoner. Q. Where did you find them? A. In his trousers pocket.

Prisoner. He left me at the station, and was gone a long while, so that the sergeant wondered he staid so long; he came back, and said there was nothing moved on the premises: he then took my things off me; I never had the keys in my possession at all; all my things were called over, and

I answered to them; I never had the keys at all; the prosecutor went to his premises, and said there was money in his till, and nothing moved, and I yet he seems to blame me that I lighted the rush-light; the sergeant I searched my fob, and I had nothing on me; when the policeman found my pocket was torn, he said the keys were in my pocket; he said he found them in my left pocket. Witness. I believe they were in his left-hand pocket—I am almost positive of it.





WILLIAM POCOCK
 (police-constable F 81.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, on his own confession, by the name of John M'Ghee—(read—"Convicted 3rd March, 1845, and confined six months")—and there was another charge against him at that time—the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY
of larceny only.
—



Transported for Fourteen Years
.
