



1881. 




THOMAS JOHN MOSS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of Sept., at 
St. John, Wapping, 12 sovereigns, 10 half-sovereigns, 40 half—crowns, 40 shillings, 33 sixpences, 84 pence, and 249 halfpence, the monies of 



Robert Prest, in his dwelling-house.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution






ROBERT PREST
. I am the manager of some flour mills, belonging to Messrs. Pavets at Execution Dock. I live on the premises. The part of the premises where I reside communicates with the room where this money was kept—on the 2nd of Sept. I locked up in the desk the cash which I bad received on that and the previous day—the balance was 24l. 13s. 6d.—it consisted of gold, silver, and copper—I should say there was from 15l. to 16l. in sovereigns and half—sovereigns, about 12s. or 15s. worth of copper, and the rest was in silver coin—there were two 5s. papers of coppers tied up, the rest was loose—one parcel was all penny pieces, and tied in brown paper—the other was pence and halfpence mixed, and tied in a periodical paper or an old newspaper—I locked it up safe at six o'clock at night on the 2nd of Sept.—it was on the second floor of the mill—the front of these premises is next the street, and they are continued to the waterside—at the water side there is access to the premises over a folding door, through which they get the coals in—anybody could get over the folding—doors from the water—on the following morning I went into that room in consequence of what was said to me, from three to four minutes after six o'clock—I found the desk open—I perceived it had been forcibly opened, and I found an iron crowbar on the sacks—all the money I have statea was gone—some bad money was left—I sent for the policeman immediately—I noticed the window was partly open—it had not been fastened on the previous night—it is usually opened for air—I looked out of the window immediately, and there was a ladder against the wall which had not been there before—it was a ladder usually brought and used by the coal porters to get coals in—it does not belong to as—anybody getting over the folding doors could get to where the ladder was immediately—they could then mount the ladder and get into the room—I know the prisoner perfectly well—he had been engaged in coal work at the mill—I have paid him money, and he has been present at the desk, so as to know where the money was taken from—I live in the house—it is my dwelling-house.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. When was it, to the best of your recollection, you had seen the prisoner last, assisting to bring coals on your premises? A. I think it was in the preceding week—I will not swear

that he was there then—the number of men who came with the coals depended on the quantity of coals we had, perhaps four or five men—there was never but one man came up for the money—he has the work, and he employs what men he pleases—this occurred in the second floor of the mill—I saw the ladder—it is not very heavy—not more than one strong man could raise by himself—it is a heavy ladder—I never tried it myself—I know it has been tried—the second floor window is twenty-two or twenty, three feet from the ground I suppose—my house is attached to the mill—sit is all one building—the partition from the mill to my house is like opening one of the doors of this Court to go into the passage.

MR. DOANE. Q. It is one building; you could not separate the two without pulling them down? A. No—it is in the parish of St. John, Wapping—the ladder is one the coalmen walk up—the room window was not open the night before.





JOSEPH NATHAN
. I am a fisherman, and live in Back Church-lane. I know the prisoner by serving a lodging-house where a young woman that he used to be with, lodged—I saw him on the 2nd of Sept, about ten minutes before four o'clock in the afternoon, and I saw him the last time at half-past eight, or a quarter to nine at night, by Mr. Taverner's public-house door, in the Highway—there was no one with him—I had a glass of spruce, and he had a glass of spruce—he gave a young woman a glass of ale—we did not sit down, we had it by the bar—I was going home, and he said, "Don't be in a hurry; I will have my revenge of the sailor that has gone home with the girl to Devonshire-street"—the sailor had gone home with this young woman in a cab while we were there—the prisoner went into the public-house again, and he came out and sent me for a cab—it was driven by Jenkins—I brought the cab—I sat on the box—the prisoner was then talking with a young woman at the corner of Cannon-street—he then got in, and he said, "Come in, Mr. Nathan," and he told the cabman to drive to where I lived, in Back Church-lane—the cab drove there—the prisoner paid for it—he took some coppers from his pocket, and paid 1s. in coppers—I did not notice whether it was pence or halfpence—when we got to my house I got out, and said, "I am going in-doors to supper"—the prisoner asked if it was agreeable for him to come inside—I said, "Yes, come in"—my wife was there—the prisoner sat down, and said to my wife, "Will you have anything to drink?"—she said, "No"—he went over his pocket, and gave her 6d. in copper to get some gin—she fetched it—he drank a glass, and gave me a glass, and then he put his hand into his pocket, drew out a half-sovereign, gave it me, and said, "That is for yourself, Mr. Nathan"—he then gave me four half-crowns, and said, "I have just got 6l. from my uncle"—my wife had from him 5s. worth of coppers tied in brown paper with a piece of packthread, all in penny-pieces—he is not related to me—I never was io his company twice in my life, and he gave me all this—he was not intoxicated—he did not continue in my house five minutes—my wife said she should like half a pound of steak for supper, and I went with her to get it—the prisoner went with us, and he said, "You might as well walk down as far as Devonshire-street," which we did, and there I wished him good night, and saw no more of him—I believe the house he went to was No. 11, Devonshire-street—that was the name of the street that he said the girl and the sailor went to—I think it was about a quarter to ten when I left him.


COURT. Q. Were you not surprised to get such a boon? A. Yes—I never was in his company twice in ray life, no further than seeing him at this lodging-house.

Cross-examined. Q. You saw him three times that day? A. Yes; I first saw him about five minutes before four o'clock, at the Rose public-house—I was going down to the London Dock—he came and said, "How are you?"—I said, "I feel very queer"—he said, "Will you have anything to drink?"—we had a pot of porter—that was the first time I ever drank with him—I afterwards went home to my tea, and after I came from tea I met him at Tavemer's door—that was about half-past six, or about six—we had something to drink then, and I never saw him any more till about half-past eight, and then I had the glass of spruce—I did not ask him home with me—I said my supper would be ready at nine o'clock, and he said, "Don't be in a hurry"—he then went home with me, and sent for gin, and exhibited his money—he did not appear as if he had been drinking—I did not hear my wife ask him for any money—I think I have called at the lodging-house where he is for seven or eight months—I first told about the half-sovereign and the four half-crowns when the policeman came to me, one or two days after the 2nd of Sept.—I think it must have been on the Wednesday afterwards; I am not sure—I have not any of the money now—I am a poor man.

COURT. Q. How soon did you hear of the robbery? A. I think it was one or two days afterwards that people told me of it—I did not know where it was rightly—I left word with the people where I live, and the officer came up.





JOSEPH JENKINS
. I drive a cab, and live in Back Church-lane. I remember being called by Nathan last Tuesday fortnight, between half-past eight and nine o'clock in the evening—my cab was then in Old Gravel-lane—the prisoner was standing at the corner of Cannon-street—he opened the cab door, got in, and ordered me to drive to Back Church-lane—my fare came to 1s.—he gave me twelve penny pieces, and two penny pieces for myself—I left him at the corner of Brunswick-place, Back Church-lane—about the Monday or Tuesday night following, I was standing opposite my cab, and the prisoner came across and spoke to me—he asked me if I had seen any Thames police-officer inquiring of me—I told him I had, and I asked him what he had been doing—he said he had been taking a swag—I said, "A swag of what? money or what was it?"—he made me no answer—I did not understand what a swag was—he said he gave young Nathan a sovereign, and his wife 5s.—he then left me—I saw him again on the Thursday morning—I was then on the stand, near to Wright she called me across the road, and asked me if I would have anything to drink—we went into Wright's, and had some gin and milk—when we came out, he said there was 5l. reward offered for him if they could catch him—I looked at the clock, and said, "It is half-past six"—the prisoner said he was tfoing to work—he went down Gravel-lane, and I saw no more of him till lie was in custody.

COURT. Q. Did you give information to the Thames police-officer? A. Yes, he came to me while I was in bed.

Cross-examined. Q. It was the morning after he told you 5l. was offered for him that he was taken? A. I do not know when he was taken—I asked the prisoner what he had been doing, not what he was charged with doing—he did not say, "I am charged with taking a swag"—he

said, "I have been taking one"—I did not hear of the robbery that had been committed at the mill—I did not hear where it was, nor what it was—I heard there was something taken—when the prisoner came to me, he asked if I had seen an officer inquiring after a man who had taken another man away in a cab—the officer had not been to me, though I told the prisoner there had been one—it was about nine o'clock at night when he paid me in coppers—I had only received a shilling before that—I am out at night, not in the day—I go out at six o'clock at night—I cannot tell how long I remained on the stand that night—I did not take notice—I go home at five, six, seven, or eight o'clock in the morning—I cannot tell what time I went home the next morning—I cannot tell how many fares I took that night, or how many shillings, sixpences, or pence I received.

COURT. Q. You do not often get paid in coppeis? A. No, very seldom—it was not more than a mile I carried the prisoner for 1s.—it was not quite so much as a mile.





JOHN FRAZER
. I am a waterman, and live at No. 25, Tarling-street which is the next turning to Devonshire—street. I have known the prisoner the last seven or eight years—on the night of the 2nd of Sept. I was up Devonshire-street about half—past ten or a quarter to eleven o'clock—I heard something inside as I passed one of the houses—I do not know the number of it—I recognized the prisoner's voice inside it—I sung out, and said, "Is that you, Tom?—the prisoner came out, and asked me to go and have a drink of beer—I told him I thought he had had enough, and he had better go to bed—he asked me again to come in—I went in with him—I there saw three women, a girl, and another man, who were sitting in different parts of the room—the prisoner was going to give one woman a sovereign, and I saw a quantity of gold in his hand, I should say very nearly 20l., but, being in his hand, I might be deceived—there might be more or less—I saw a bag, like a sample bag, but I could not say what was in it—I heard the prisoner say, "God strike me b----y blind if I have not just been and done the mill to—night."

Cross-examined. Q. What might a sample bag be? A. It was not a paper bag—I cannot say whether it was canvas or duck—I was never in that house before—I did not know any of the parties there—I served my time as a waterman, but I have not taken my freedom—I have been in prison twice, once for an assault, and once on suspicion of stealing copper—I was only out of my time last Saturday, and have not had time to take my freedom—there were four or five persons in the room—I do not know that they all heard that expression of the prisoner—he did not whisper—he told it to me by myself, not in confidence—I do not suppose the others could have heard it—there were two or three of them talking—he did not offer me any of the money—he was very tipsy—I did not hear of the mill robbery the next day—I believe it was the second day after—I did not go to the mill—the police—inspector came and asked me if I knew anything about it, and I told him—I did not say a word of this till theinspector came—to tell the truth, I went to the inspector, but he had been asking I for me before—I went to him last Saturday—I had heard then that the I prisoner was in custody—I had seen the prisoner two or three times after I saw him that evening, and I had been at work with him—there were six I at work altogether, five and myself—the captain paid Moss, and when he I came on shore he was taken into custody.

Q. You did not communicate to any one what had occurred in this

mysterious way before you met the police-inspector? A. Yes—I communicated it to two young men at the stairs, two or three days afterwards—I one of them was Ralph Scott—he is a waterman, and lives in Old Gravel-lane—I do not know the number, and I mentioned it to a person of the lane—I do not know the number, and I mentioned it to a person of the name of Watkins about the same time—I have seen Watkins to-day—I do not know Whether he is here—I did not get any of the money I say the prisoner with—I was in the house a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes—I had a drink of beer—the landlady, Mrs. M'Callow, lives in the house, and she was there—we were in the back-room on the ground floor—the others were drinking a drop of beer-room on the ground floor—the others were drinking a drop of beer and drop of gin—I had a drop of beer, and bid them good night.

MR. DOANE. Q. How long was this copper business ago? A. About twenty months or two years—I was not tried by a Jury, but summarily I convicted—I have been to sea since that—I have had no quarrel with the prisoner.





JAMES CHRISTOPHER EVANS
 (Thames police-inspector.) I was seat for to the mill, on the morning of the 3rd of Sept., by Mr. Prest—I found the desk had been broken open by a crow-bar, which was on one of the sacks—I found marks on the desk, which satisfied me it had been broken open with that bar—the window was open, and the ladder stood as Mr. Prest has described—I went to the Tunnel-pier that morning—I went there again in the afternoon, and saw the prisoner in the waiting-room at the Pier, before you come to the wicket—I knew him by sight for many years, and had been in the habit of seeing him at that pier—I did not say anything to him in the first instance; but he said to me, "What do you think, master, I am suspected of this robbery last night"—I said, "What robbery?"—he said, "At the mill"—I said, "Who suspects you?—he said, "I do not know; I have been told I am suspected—I said, "Well, if you are suspected, perhaps you could tell me where you were last night"—he said, "Yes, I will tell you everywhere I went; in the afternoon I was drinking at the Old Rose, along with a chap named Nathan, who sells fish; we went from there over to Taverner's, and from there we walked together down to No. 11, Devonshire-street, Commercial-road, where I stopped till past two o'clock in the morning, or about two—he said, "You can search me—he pulled off his jacket, and unbuttoned his clothes—he took a silver sixpence and a halfpenny out of his pocket, and threw it down, and said, "There is every copper I have got in the world "I then left him—he has a girl living at No. 11, Devonshire-street—I saw him again on the Tuesday week following—he was coming on shore in a boat at the water-side—I walked down to the place and met him—he said, "I have been hard at work; how do you get on with that job? I hope I you will find it out; I will never believe but some one in the mill has I done it"—I had then made inquiries of the cab-man, and I said to the prioner, "When you told me where you went the other night, you did not I say anything about your riding in a cab—he said, "that was a cab I hired for a drunken sailor, and when I went to look for him he was gone, and I could not find him—I took him into custody on the Thursday evening following, which was yesterday week—I told him he was charged on suspicion of entering the mill, and stealing 24l. 13s. 6d. out of a desk—he said, "I have got nothing to say about it"—there were two examined—nations before the Magistrate—I remember the witness Frazer being examined—after I had heard him examined, I went to the Pier where I had met

the prisoner, and examined one of the barges which support it—I there found two small parcels—one contains 11l. in gold, and the other, 10s. in silver, secreted in the bottom of the barge, under the water—it is the barge the prisoner is in the habit of lying about in.

Cross-examined. Q. The waiting-room is on the barge? A. Yes, and under the waiting-room in the barge were these parcels—there were no holes to put them down—fifty people might go into the barge without going into the waiting-room—I found them last Thursday week—they were not thrown about; they were concealed just under the surface of the mud that is at the bottom of the barge—there are seven sovereigns and eight half-sovereigns in one parcel, and 10s. in silver in the other—these are the parcels—I put them into a little sample-bag, and had them sealed up—the prisoner did not hail me on the barge—he was waiting in the waiting-room—I went and stood against the door-post and looked at him in the face—he told me he was with Nathan, and went to No. 11, Devonshire-street—I will swear he did not say, "We went together"—he said, "walked together"—he said, "We went from the Old Rose to Taverners, and walked together from Taverner's down to No. 11, Devonshire-street"—I saw him again on the Tuesday following—I had in the interim had communication with other parties—I did not arrest him till the Thursday after.





ROBERT PREST

re-examined. Q. You told us the copper was done up in two papers; how was the silver and the gold? A. In a sample-bag, such an one as this—the bag was gone.

Cross-examined. Q. Who first called your attention to the state of the mill in the morning? A. One of the millers.

Prisoner. The Sunday before the robbery was committed I earned 13s. in pence at Hungerford, which is the harvest for watermen; the money I only lent to Nathan; being excited by the conduct of the young woman I went home, got the money, and gave it him to take care of for me; I had not left Nathan a quarter of an hour the whole of the afternoon and evening, but when I went home and fetched this money.

MR. O'BRIEN
called






ANN M'CALLOW
. I live at No. 11, Devonshire-street, Commercial-road; my husband is at sea; his name is Edward M'Callow. On the night of the 2nd of Sept. I saw the prisoner at my house—there was a young woman there whom he has known a length of time—she has been confined at my house—there was Mrs. Elliott, who has the front room, an old woman that does for me and my little girl, who is fourteen years of age—I know Frazer—he was in my house that night—I was in the room with him and the other parties—they had some beer to drink—Mr. Evans was told of that—I saw Frazer go away—I think that must have been half-past ten o'clock, or a quarter to eleven—I brought a policeman in when the quarrel took place—Moss and the young woman quarrelled, and broke a chair of mine, and there was a brass candlestick thrown—I did not see anything that the prisoner had—I said I would not have the row in my house—they fought terribly—Frazer left the room and said, "Come along with me, old chap, come along out with me, for you are an old pal of mine; don't quarrel any more with her."

COURT. Q. Was the fight after Frazer left? A. Yes—they kept it up till half-past two o'clock—Mrs. Elliott is here—she was in the room, and I said, "If you don't fetch a policeman, I will; I am not going to

I have my room broken up like this"—I did not see any money in the prisoner's possession—the fight was while Frazer was there—the quarrel was about this young woman and some person that the prisoner was jealous of—I she had come home from the Old Rose, and her gown was all blood—she said he had given her a blow—after Frazer left they fought till half-past two in the morning.

MR. DOANE. Q. Have you a good many girls in your house? A. No—there were three women in my house that night—it is not a brothel, nor a place where men and women cohabit—the prisoner comes to see one of the girls who has been confined in my house—I do not know what he comes to see her for—there was another man there that night, named Humphries—he came to see me—it was about a sailor bringing a girl home that there was this quarrel—the girl's mother keeps a b—house—there was some beer had after the prisoner came home—I think he paid for it—I did not see any money with him, more than I have seen before.
----ELLIOTT. I am a widow—my husband was a butcher—I have lived at Mrs. M'Callow's six weeks—I recollect the 2nd of September—I saw the prisoner there that evening in the back parlour, and a person who lived with Moss—to the best of my belief they are husband and wife—I never knew any other—I saw Frazer there—I cannot tell what time it was—I was not there when Frazer went away—I was not there above a quarter of an hour—hearing the screams, I went in, and two men, who were lodging with the woman's mother, had come home with that woman—I lodge in the house, and a person who has the front room, also Moss and the young woman—it is not a house called a brothel—I am out at my work all day—I never saw any fighting before that time.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.

