



1056. 




THOMAS SCHUH, alias
 David Bernhard




, feloniously forging and uttering an endorsement to a bill of exchange for 100l., with intent to defraud 



Lionel Nathan Rothschild and others.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
WILDE
conducted the Prosecution.






EDMUND LANE.
 I am clerk to Messrs. Rothschild. On 31st Jan. the Prisoner presented this bill to me—(produced)—I asked him if his name was Lorentz Weber—he said it was—I afterwards saw him write that name on the bill, and I made a communication to Mr. Kirchner.





FREDERICK GEORGE KIRCHNER.
 I am clerk to Messrs Lionel Nathan Rothschild and others. I saw the prisoner at our office on 31st Jan.—he had spoken first to Mr. Lane—I did not see him endorse the bill, but I had instructed Mr. Lane to get it endorsed—after Mr. Lane had told me something, I desired the prisoner to walk into a private room—I asked if his name was Lorentz Weber—he said, "Yes"—I told him, in the presence of Mr. Rothschild, that the bill could not be paid at present; that it must be left to be inquired into on account of an irregularity, and as there was no advice; and

he must leave his address, and call again—he gave his address, "118, Long Acre"—seeing there was a hesitation in paying the bill, he produced this letter, (No. 10.) and said, "Here is a letter I received from my father, containing the bill; and I have received another, on a former occasion, for the same amount"—he gave me this letter to look at—Mr. Rothschild sent for an officer and gave him in charge—I understand German, and have made a translation of the letter.





THOMAS MERCER.
 I am porter to Messrs, Rothschild, and was at their premises on 31st Jan. The prisoner was detained there in the hall whilst as officer was sent for—while there, I saw him put a letter into the fire—I took it out while it was in flames, and the prisoner said I should burn my hand I put it out—this is it, (No. 10)—I kept possession of it till I gave it to Bryant—I put a mark on it.





JOSEPH BRIANT
 (City-policeman, 82.) I took the prisoner in custody at Messrs. Rothschild's—he gave the name of Thomas Schuh.





MARY ANN LLOYD.
 My father keeps the Sun coffee-house, 118, Long Acre. I have known the prisoner four or five months, by the name of Weber—we have received letters for him, at his request—they appeared to be foreign letters—I gave them all to him—the letter produced (No. 10) is one gave him on 31st Jan.—it had then been in the house a week or ten days.





DANIEL FORRESTER.
 I received the documents, numbered 1, 2, 5, 6, 7, 8, 11, 12, 13, and 14, from Mr. Hine.





ANTHONY HINE.
 I am a German, and live at 3, High-street, Bloomsbury. The prisoner lived there in Dec. last, and until he was apprehended—I know his writing, and believe this letter (No. 11), which I received on 4th Feb., after he was in custody, to be his—I afterwards gave Forrester, the officer, the papers he has alluded to—I got them from the prisoner's room—these (Nos. 3, 4, and 9) are the same character—I believe them to be the prisoner's writing—I knew him by the name of Bernhard—I did not know him at all before he came to lodge with me—in consequence of receiving that letter (No. 11), I sent for Peter Hoffnagel, made a communication to him, showed him the letter, and he afterwards went to Forrester—the papers did not go out of my hands till they were called for—I have not often seen the prisoner write—I saw him write in his room once or twice—I believe the endorsement "Lorentz Weber" On the first bill to be the prisoner's writing.





PETER HOFFNAGEL.
 I am the son of George Hoffnagel, of Wartsburg, in Bavaria. In the summer of 1846 I was in London, and had a lodging in Goodman's-fields—I have a half-brother, the son of my mother by a forme marriage, named Lorentz Weber—he came over that year, and lived with me about four months—I know the prisoner by the name of David Bernhard; he was living there at the same time—he and Weber were together a good deal, sometimes for an hour or two—the prisoner is a German, and comes from Baden—he and Weber spoke of our family sometimes—my brother expected 300l. from my father in Germany—I and my brother have talked about that in the prisoner's presence—my brother went away, and went into a situation—the prisoner left before my brother—in 1847 I was in the employment of a baker, in Charlotte-street, Islington—Weber came to me there twice, and the prisoner with him—my brother said in Aug. that he was going to America; he was going that afternoon to Liverpool, and came to wish me good-bye—I wished him good-bye—I have not heard of him since—the prisoner was with him—I have seen the prisoner three or four times since, and asked him if he had not heard anything of my brother—he always replied, "No"—I last

asked him that at Christmas—I did not write to my father after my brother left, in consequence of a little difference between us—the prisoner knew of that difference—I never let my father know that my brother bad gone to America—these letters are my father's writing, (looking at Nos. 1, 2, 5, 6, and 10,) and this burnt letter also—I know Lorentz Weber's writing—I believe these two papers (Nos. 12 and 13) to be his writing.

Prisoner. Q. Did you shake hands with your brother? A. No—he wanted me to pay him some money I had lent him—I heard you advise him to go to America—you said he should go to America—I know tou said many times, "You had better go to America, for it will be better for you"—he authorized you to receive 30s. he had lent Mr. Reswick, because he said he could not wait, if he went to America—if you got it you were to send it to America.

MR. KIRCHNER
re-examined. I have made translations of these letters—(These being read, Nos. 1, 2, 5 and 6, were from G. G. Hoffnagel, of Wartsburg, Bavaria, addressed to his son-in-law, Lorentz Weber; relating to various family and business matters, and to the remittance of the 200l.; No. 6, enclosed the 100l. bill; Nos. 3, 4 and 9, proved to be in the prisoner's writing, purported to be answers from Lorentz Weber; in which mention was made of his being engaged in the wine trade, and of his intended marriage, acknowledging the receipt of one 100l. bill, and pressing for the remittances of the other)—the letter, numbered 9, pressing for the remittance of the second bill, was received, with others, by our house, from our correspondent's bankers in Bavaria—the first bill had been paid before that letter was received it was arranged that the second bill should be sent—this is a translation of No. 11.—(read—Addressed, "Mr. Hine, 3, High-street, Bloomsbury. Giltspur-street prison. Dear Sir,—I find myself in a very melancholy situation, namely, innocently by incautiousness, in a prison, namely—on Monday, I met an acquaintance, who asked me to do him a favour, to go to a certain house and fetch a letter for him; he had some reasons he said for not fetching it himself; in this letter there was a bank-note for 100l., which belonged to another party; he requested me to take the same to Messrs. Rothschild's office, and to draw the money for the same; as I had done the same for him once before, I did not hesitate to do it again; he gave me the letter, and said I had only to sign the name of the party to whose order the bill was drawn, and if there was any hesitation, to say I had received the amount of other bills; the brother of this person is Peter Hoffnagel; go to him; he lives at 31, Charlotte-street, Charlotte-terrace, White Conduit-house, and explain the thing to him, and come here with him to-morrow morning early, exactly at ten o'clock; an arrangement between him and me will place me at liberty; do not forget to destroy all my papers which you can find in my room. I am to appear to-morrow at eleven or twelve o'clock; do not fail, everything depends upon it; when you come here ask for Thomas Schuh, and I shall be called; and by all means come, and bring with you Peter Hoffnagel.





DAVID BERNHARD.
"—Translations of papers 12 and 13, proved to be in Lorentz Weber's writing, were here read; in which mention was made of his going to America—the bill was here read.)

Prisoner's Defence. I am unfortunately placed in this painful position, through misplaced confidence in a person whom I cannot produce in Court to substantiate this statement. In Aug., 1847, Lorentz Weber, with whom I had been long on terms of friendship, left England for America; but previously

informed me and another friend, named Thomas Schuh, his wishes respecting some property in his father-in-law's hands; of whom he spoke in a manner that led me to suppose that he considered him more as an enemy than a friend, by keeping him from inheriting some property left him by his real father, and proposed a plan, by which he thought he could obtain what he was justly entitled to; and letters were then written, with his knowledge and consent, to his father-in-law in Germany, by Thomas Schuh, before Weber left London; and from his confidence in me, Weber directed that I should receive his letters, and sign any bill or document where his signature might be required, and, from our total ignorance of law, was not aware that any written authority was required; I, accordingly, having met afterwards with Schuh, he informed me that he held a letter from Weber, just received by him, and which he read to me, in which Weber described his voyage and other particulars; also directing Schuh, or myself, to receive the 100l. from the prosecutor, and to take care of it; some time afterwards Schuh called again on me with another letter from Weber, as he said, and also read it, in which he was requested to forward the 100l. to him, also to take the second bill; I accordingly paid the 100l. over to Schuh, who I always believed send it to Weber: after we had received the second bill, Schuh said, as I signed the first bill I ought to sign the second; I accordingly took it to the prosecutor, and was given into custody, and Schuh absconded, and I have not heard that he can now be met with, as Lorentz Weber, I am informed, is dead, all hope from him is ceased. I can only assert my innocence, and that, if the money is not forwarded to Weber, that I was made a victim of by Schuh.




GUILTY. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner, for forging the endorsement to the other 100l. bill.)
