




2611. 




SARAH ANDERSON
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
14th of October, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 purse, value 3l.; and 23 sovereigns; the property of 



Charles Andrew Pike, from his person: and




MARY CRAMER



, for feloniously receiving 1 sovereign, part of the same, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.; to which Anderson pleaded




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.—



Recommended to the Penitentiary for Eighteen Months.



MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES ANDREW PIKE
. I am a solicitor. My birth-day was Wednesday, the 14th of October—I had taken liquor on Tuesday night, and was overcome, but it was more through fatigue and excitement during the day—the last thing I remember, was going to my wine-merchant to order some wine for a party, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening—next morning I found myself in bed in a brothel kept by the prisoner Cramer—I had the night before twenty-three sovereigns, to the best of my recollection—I am sure there was more than 20l.—in the morning my money and watch were both missing—I dressed, and went down stairs, and saw a female standing by the fire—Cramer came in shortly after—I asked her name—she said "Mary Cramer"—I asked her what place I was in, where it was, and what was the situation—I did not know the street I was in—I do not remember what she said—I said I should step out for a few minutes, and be back again—I did so, and returned with a policeman, and saw her still there—the policeman told her I had been robbed, and wanted to know what had become of my money and watch, and who the girl was who had brought me there—I believe she denied all knowledge of it—she said she did not know who the girl was—to the best of my belief, she was asked who the girl was that brought me there, but I was in a good deal of confusion at the time—the policeman knows what passed.





THOMAS CUMMINS
. I am a policeman. I went with Mr. Pike to Cramer's house, saw her, and said, "What has become of this gentleman's watch and money?—she said, "I do not know"—I said, "Do you know who the girl is, or where she lives that brought him here?"—she said, "I do not know, she is a stranger to me, I took no notice of her; she gave me 1s. and went to bed; I did not know she had left, till the gentleman came down in the morning"—Flannary, who was there, said, "You know the girl very well, she lived with you"—"Oh yes," she said, "I do, her name is Sarah, I know her grandmother, who lives somewhere near Rosemary-lane—I went to Brunswick-street, and took Anderson—that was not from any thing Cramer said—Cramer and Anderson were not together in my

presence—I delivered them into the custody of Wigley, another officer.—I kept the prisoners apart, and never heard any conversation between them.





EDWARD WIGLEY
. I am a policeman. I had the prisoners in custody—Anderson made a confession to me, by which I got fourteen sovereigns and a watch, from the yard adjoining the premises, No. 3, Brunswick-street, half a mile from Cramer's house—I took Cramer in custody to No. 2, Brunswick street, and heard Anderson say, in Cramer's hearing, "It is no use ray denying it, I have thrown it over the adjoining yard"—Cramer said, "You fool, you have done it now"—I was not present at any other conversation which Cramer heard—I found the money: and watch in the adjoining yard—I never saw the prisoners together besides, except at the Magistrate's—Anderson said something to Cramer going to the office, but I could not distinctly hear it—I did not hear Anderson say any thing to Cramer about the robbery—I have told all she said when I found the money—I did not hear Anderson tell me any thing about the robbery in the presence of Cramer, no more than saying she bad thrown the watch into the adjoining yard—I never represented that I was present at another conversation—I never told the prosecutor so.





THOMAS MAJOR
. I am shopman to Mr. Appleton, a grocer, in Cable-street, st. George's. On Wednesday morning last, about seven o'clock, Cramer came to the shop, bought some goods, and gave me one sovereign—I gave her 19s. change.





MART ANN NEWMAN
. I am searcher at the station-house—I searched Cramer—I found 13s. 3d. and eight duplicates on her, for things pawned the previous evening for 2s.—I asked her how much money she had in the purse—she said 14s., which a young man bad brought her home overnight—I told her there were but 13s.—she said, "Then I must have spent 1s.; do not give it up to the sergeant"—I said I must—she said that was too bad—Anderson made a statement to me, but Cramer was not present.





MARY FLANNARY
. I live in Mill-yard. I saw Anderson go into Mrs. Cramer's house with the prosecutor, who was very tipsy—I was present in the morning, when Cramer was asked by the policeman if she knew the girl—she said she did not know her—I said, "Yes, you do know her, for she lived in your house only a month ago"—she said, "Yes, her name is Sarah, and I know her grandmother"—I was not present when the prisoners were together.

CRAMER—


NOT GUILTY
.
