



1142. 




JAMES GROVES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of March, 3 bushels of wheat, value 20s., the goods of 



John Irving.


MR. CHARNOCK
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS GREENWOOD
. I am servant to John Irving, Esq., of Ashford, near Staines, Middlesex. In consequence of directions I received, I watched the premises, and on the 2nd of March, about eight o'clock in the evening, in consequence of what Mr. Dickens told me, I went into the rick-yard, and heard footsteps before me, of two men walking—I followed them, and as I thought, they got over some palings—I put my hand on one of their heads, and said, "Who are you?" but they got away directly—I went a doors and told my master, then went into the rick-yard again, and at the back of the barn there is a door opening inward—as soon as I pushed my back against the door, a man ran out—I found the prisoner coming out of the barn—I am certain he is the man—he had a sacking smock-frock on, and a red cap lined with white—this was half an hour after I had seen the two men—I pulled his cap off, and in the scuffle with him we both went down—he was at the bottom, and I on the top of him—he got away—I had known him long before, and am quite sure he is the man—he snatched the cap out of my hand—I searched the barn, and found two empty sacks, and two which had about two bushels and a half of corn in them—there was a good deal of master's corn in the barn—the sacks did not belong to master, but I believe the corn in them to be the same corn—I went with the policeman to several places, and at last found the prisoner.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You found him at his daily occupation, threshing? A. Yes, at Mr. Harris's, with three other men—I do not know what house he lived in—it was a wetish night, and not very light—it did not rain very hard at the time—it was darkish—l am a labourer, and a watchman occasionally—I was never accused of any thing that I know of—I cannot tell what character people will give me—we took three people up on this charge—there was one here, but I believe he is gone—I cannot tell what has become of the other—I knew him—I did not swear to the man against whom the bill was thrown out.

MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Have you any doubt of the prisoners identity? A. I am certain he is the man.





THOMAS DICKENS
. I am bailiff to Mr. Irving. I gave direction to Greenwood to watch the barn. On the evening of the 2nd of March, in

consequence of the communication he made to me, I went to the barn and found two empty sacks, and two others with about five bushels of corn in the two—they were tied up in two places—I examined the wheat in the sacks—it corresponded exactly with that in the barn—I believe it belongs to master—I found two bludgeons in the barn, and a lantern—the sacks are not master's.

Cross-examined. Q. This is the ordinary kind of sacking? A. I have seen some like it—here are some marks upon them which are not common—they are not ours—there is a nail driven into this bludgeon, which would do much injury if a person were struck with it.





FRANCIS COOKE
. I am a policeman. On the 2nd of March I went to the barn and saw the two sacks containing wheat, two empty sacks, the lantern, a cap, and two bludgeons, which I produce—I went in search of the prisoner, to Knowle-green—I at last went to a barn, and found him at work there about a mile and a half from the prosecutor's—I took him in charge—he had no coat on—I went to his house with him, and found two sacking smock-frocks, one of which he owned—it corresponds with the stuff of which one of the sacks produced is made, by the stripes front and back, in the sack, and the texture is the same—it was very wet and dirty, and marked with green mould.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Is Ashford's on this side of the Thames or the other? A. It is in Middlesex, on this side the Thamea—you do not go through Staines to it—the prisoner lives about a quarter of a mile from the barn.





CHARLES BUTLER
. I am a policeman. I went to the prisoner's house and found one of the sacks and the sacking dress, which was very wet and muddy.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. It was a very wet night I belives, and the day before was wet? A. It was wet the night afterwards,—I do not think it was very wet in the evening—it was wet afterwards—I was not out.





EDWARD BURTON
. I am a policeman. I have some sack-ties, which appear the same length, and the same sort of material as the ties to the sacks with corn in them—I found the ties in the pocket of one of the frocks which was owned by the prisoner who was discharged, but both owned it while we were there.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Has the prisoner a brother? A. I do not know.





CHARLES GREENWOOD
. I am servant to Mr. Irving. About three months ago I was at Mr. Harris's barn, the prisoner spoke to me—he was in company with two more, one of whom was his father—the prisoner asked me what Greenwood done about the farm—I said he jobbed there—he asked me if he watched at night—I said he watched at times.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Who was present at the time? A. The prisoner—I have always said he spoke to me—both the men spoke—one spoke, and then the other.
(Charlotte Rose, and James Bevan, of Knowle-green; and Benjamin Bavin, of King-street, Borough, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Years.
