




1102. 




PATRICK BRIANT
 and 




JOHN OWEN
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 pair of shoes, value 4s. 6d., the goods of 



Sarah Ann Niven: and that Owen had been before convicted of felony.






JOSEPH O'BRIEN
. On the 7th of April I was in the service of Sarah Ann Niven—she keeps a shoe-warehouse in Whitechapel—about five o'clock that afternoon I was standing at the door—I saw the two prisoners and another person walk past the shop two or three times—I was called in to tea, and Briant and the other person came in—Briant took a pair of shoes off the nail, and ran towards the City—I did not see Owen when Briant took the shoes, but he had been with him before—in about ten minutes both the prisoners came past together, and were taken into custody.





JOHN PETER GREENWOOD
. I am in the service of Sarah Ann Niven, of High-street, whitecnaper. I was inside the shop, cleaning a boot—I saw Briant rub his hand against the window once or twice, and he was looking at the boots—he soon after brought another lad, smaller than himself, who was smoking a cigar—they looked through the window—I watched them—I then saw Briant untwist a pair of shoes—he ran off, and dropped them about three yards from the door—I saw Owen about twenty yards from the shop, by a gateway—he was within sight of the shop, and was watching.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Briant had not anything when he joined Owen? A. No—he did not join him till after the shoes had been thrown down—they then walked away—I was asked at the station whether Owen was the person—I hesitated some time, and then said, "Yes'—I had never seen him before—I picked up the shoes, and went into the shop—I had no doubt about Owen.





THOMAS KELLY
 (police-constable H 119.) I took the prisoners into custody about half-past five o'clock the same evening—Owen said he had not been there for three hours before—Briant said nothing.





WILLIAM PAYNE
 (police-sergeant G 22.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Owen's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted 4th April, 1842, and confined three months)—he is the person.

BRIANT—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—



Confined Three Months.


OWEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

