




577. 



THOMAS CHURCH
 and 



MARY ANN BRIARLEY
 was indicted for

 stealing 8 sovereigns; 2 half-crowns; and 26s.; the property of 



John M'Carthy, from his person; and that Church had been previously convicted of felony.






JOHN McCARTHY
. I am a French-polisher, and live with my parents in Little John-street, Brick-lane. On a Tuesday, about the 27th of Jan. I had 10l. in my pocket, belonging to my master—I had received it for my master—I had it in my possession at half-past nine at night, waiting for my master to come home to receive it—I got little drunk previous to leaving the factory, and thought I would leave it at my aunt's for fear I should lose it—about one o'clock in the morning I went to a coffee-house in Brick-lane, and staid there till about a quarter past five in the morning—the money was at my aunt's then—the prisoners were there—I afterwards saw them in the Angle and Crown—they had something to drink—they came out and I had some, and gave them some—about a little after seven I left the Angle and Crown, and went to my aunt's for the money—I got eight sovereigns and 31s. in silver from my uncle—I put it into my pocket-book—I had 6s. or 7s. then of my own—I went out with the money in my pocket and met the prisoners again—I afterwards wrapped the gold in a piece of rag, put it into my fob pocket, and left the silver in my coat pocket—I went into High-street, Whitechapel—I saw the prisoners again—they asked me to stand something more to drink—I went to the Angel and Crown again with them, and took them to a coffee-shop, and gave them some coffee and beef-steaks, that was about half-past eight o'clock in the morning—I had been out all night—about a quarter-past eleven I left the coffee-shop—the prisoners were still with me—we went to the Red Lion—I felt the money safe in my fob pocket before I went into the Red Lion—the prisoners went in with me—we all sat down together in the tap-room—Briarley sat on my left and Church on my right—we all three had some beer—while drinking it I caught Church's hand in my trowsers pocket, not in my fob—I said, "D—n you, do you want to rob me after I have been treating you in the manner I have"—he said, "I do not want to rob you Jack "—he had got hold of my name somehow—I went and stood by the fire, and something came over me that I could not keep my eyes open—I had the money safe then—I sat down in a different part of the tap-room, and the prisoners came and sat close to me—I fell asleep, and awoke up half an hour afterwards, and found my pockets cut, and the gold gone—I felt in my coat pocket, and found a large hole there also—the prisoners were gone—I told the waiter I had been robbed of a considerable sum belonging to my employers—this was on Wednesday—on Sunday I saw Church, in whitechapel, in company with two men—I hardly recognized him because he had different clothing on—I got hold of him—he slipped out of his handkerchief—I was knocked down, and got several kicks—I screamed out for the police—a policeman took charge of him—on Monday I saw Briarley—a policeman was with me, and I gave her in custody—before I charged her she said, "So help me God, you think I have robbed you, but God strike me dead, I am innocent of it; have you seen anything of little Tommy since?"—I said "Yes"—she looked down at her dress, and said, "You think this came out of your money, but I have had that dress a long while."

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You work for Mr. Newton? A. Yes—I

received the money at half-past one o'clock on Tuesday, but could not find my master at home to pay him—I left the factory at a quarter to ten—I had spent the evening in and out of the factory, and had been at the Northumberland Arms, opposite the factory—I did not get intoxicated then—I went to my aunt's at a quarter-past eleven—she is not my aunt, but I always call her so as she has behaved as an aunt to me—she is no relation—I cannot say why I did not go home to my parents—I went to the coffee-shop about one in the morning, to get some coffee to refresh myself—there were a lot of conjurors there, and I stopped to look at them, and then I went and had some gin at half-past five in the morning—I may have told the Magistrate I had nine sovereigns and 11s., as I was so agitated—I have not been talking to Mr. Welch since, and altering my evidence to agree with it—I put all the gold I received from my aunt into my fob pocket—I did not go and pay my master the money between seven and eleven, as I got into low company, and my master was indebted to me in a sum of money a long while—I have not had my account since Christmas—I have received money by instalments from him—I did not go away when I felt Church's hand in my pocket, because I got stupified—there was some drug or something given to me—when I found Church, he denied knowing anything at all about me—I have worked for Mr. Newton four years—there was not a foreman at the factory between one o'clock and nine—Mr. Newton has no wife, and no one to attend to the business—a gentleman had come from the country, and had taken Mr. Newton out on business—my master had authorized me to receive the money—he gave me a check for 42l., to take to Mr. Newton, his cousin, in Chancery-lane, and borrow 10l., on it, as he wanted it in a hurry—I am twenty-five years old—the prisoner Church gives his age as sixteen—there was nobody at the Red Lion public-house but the prisoners, as far as my recollection serves me—I called for a pint of porter there, and for more after that—I swear Church was in my company—I have not mistaken him for anybody else; I heard Briarley say she never saw him before—we went into the coffee-house in Church-lane, I swear Church was there—I did not have a pint of rum at the bar, to my recollection—I do not recollect that there were six of us having steaks and pots of beer and rum, I remember having steaks—the landlady of the Red Lion refused to serve us with any more beer—she did not want to turn us out, in my hearing—I will swear Briarley did not tell me she was going to leave me, and that I did not tell her she might go to hell.





WILLIAM CHISNELL
. I am potboy at the Red Lion, Whitechapel. I recollect McCarthy and the prisoners being there on a Wednesday—I am quite certain of them—I had never seen them before, but can swear to them—McCarthy was not quite sober—he was not much in liquor—it was about eleven o'clock in the morning—they came together—after McCarthy had taken a pot of beer he fell asleep, with Church at his right hand and Briarley on his left—I heard the prisoners whispering together, but could not hear what they said—I saw Church's hand in the man's pocket, and said, "If you want to rob the man take him outside, the governor will not allow it here"—Briarley immediately said, "He must be a d—d rogue to rob his own brother"—I said, "I think he would as leave rob his own brother as any one else"—I went down into the kitchen for some coals, leaving nobody but McCarthy and the prisoners there, and when I came back the prisoners were gone, and the front of McCarthy's trowsers down, and his pockets hanging out—I buttoned them up in the governor's presence—when he awoke he complained of being robbed of a large sum of money—he did not say what.

Cross-examined. Q. You had never seen the prisoners before? A. No—my

master is not here—it is a very respectable house—when I saw the man asleep, and the prisoners feeling his pocket, I told my mistress, and she told the governor, and we went into the tap-room three minutes afterwards, and the prisoners were gone.

Brialey. I never said he was a rogue to rob his own brother.





THOMAS WELSH
. My wife is an acquaintance of McCarthty; it is a fashion of his to call her his aunt. On Tuesday night, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I saw him leave some money with her—on Wednesday morning, between seven and eight, he called for it—I gave him eight sovereigns in gold and 31s. in silver—he put into his breast pocket, and went away—he was quite sober.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. Ajourneyman tailor, and live in Dorset-place, Brick-lane—McCarthy's father and mother live about five minutes' walk from me—I am my wife and McCarthy did not share the money between us—I have had very little work lately—if McCarthy had been intoxicated I would not have given him the money—there was nothing to prevent his taking the money to his master.





THOMAS WEAKRORD
 (police-constable H 38.) I saw the prisoner, Church, taken into custody—I told him it was on a charge of robbing a man of about 10l.—he said, "May I never live to see my father and mother alive if I know anything about it"—I searched him, and found five half-crowns on him—I took Brialey on Monday night—before I told her anything she said, "God strike me dead! I never robbed you"—McCarthy looked at her gown—she said, "You may think this gown was bought out of your money, but this gown I had before."

Brialey's Defence. I never said anything about it; I meet the prisoner in the Angel and Crown, and he said he had no money, but was going to get some; he offered to take me to Brighton with him; I went to several public-houses with him, and had several half-pints of rum; the prosecutor got stupidly drunk laid his head on the table, and went to sleep; I awoke him up, and said, "Are you coming?" he said, "No;" "I am going;" he said, "You may go to hell;" I went away.





WILLIAM CHISNELL

re-examined. I awoke him up two or three different times, while he was with the prisoners.





WILLIAM FOY
 (police-constable N 319.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Church's former conviction from Clerkenwell—(read—Convicied Nov.) 1845—I was present at the time—the prisoner is the person.

CHURCH—


GUILTY
. 


Transported for Seven Years.


BRIALEY—


GUILTY
.—



Confined Twelve Months.

