



76. 




EDWARD PROBERT



, stealing, at 

Allhallows-the-less, 10 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns, 20 crowns, 32 half-crowns, 5 shillings, 2 sixpences, 3 groats, 6 pence and 13 halfpence; the moneys of 



Benjamin Walker and others, his masters, in the dwelling-house of 



James Pallett:—2nd COUNT, the moneys of James Pallett.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






BENJAMIN WALKER.
 I am a hatter, in King-street, Rotherhithe. I was a member and president of a society called "The Silk Hatters' Trade Society," on 11th Oct. last—it was held at the Black Bull, Upper Thames-street—the prisoner was the secretary, and was paid 16l. a year, and 6d. for every night that he attended—the society consisted of a great number of persons—we raised contributions among ourselves, and kept the cash in a bag, and the bad in a deal box, which had three different locks and keys to it—myself as president, John Tucker, the vice-president, and the secretary, each had a key—the Society met on 5th Oct.—the box was produced, each of the officers produced his key, and it was opened—there was then 20l., 8s., 0 1/2d. in the bag consisting of ten sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, half-crowns, fourpences, pence, and halfpence—it was counted, placed in the bag, the bag put into the box, and the box locked, and taken away—each officer had his key, and after the usual routine of business the society broke up—it was always the practice

to entrust the box to the charge of the landlord until the next meeting—we met again on 11th Oct., which was the pay night, and a night on which the secretary was expected to attend—he did not attend—we had the box down, but the prisoner not being there with his key, of course we could not open it—the next morning, in consequence of information from the landlord, we had the box forced, and found all the money gone.

Prisoner. Q. How are you able to state so accurately the amount contained in the bag? A. I counted it myself about half-past nine o'clock on the Tuesday night—4s. was taken from it to pay the officers for their attendance—the remainder was placed in the bag, and I signed your minute-book, certifying that the amount was correct—the bag was placed in the box, the box securely fastened in my presence, and sent up stairs by the committee—it would have been secure without being fastened by your key, if it was fastened by the president and vice-president—I do not know in which part of the box the lock was situated of which you had the key.

MR. CLARKSON.
Q. Was the 4s. taken from the balance? A. It was taken from the 20l. 8s. 0 1/2d., leaving 20l. 4s. 0 1/2d.





THOMAS VICAT.
 I am a hatter, in Long-lane, Bermondsey—I was a young member of this club—the prisoner called on me on 9th Oct., at Mr. Joyce's, in the Strand, opposite St. Clement's Danes Church, where I work—it was not by appointment—we went into the public-house next door, and had something to drink—he told me he was in trouble, for he had lost the keys of the box, and would I assist him in getting a locksmith—I said I did not know anything of a locksmith about there, very likely he could get one somewhere handy—he asked if I would meet him at the Ship, in Long-lane, at nine o'clock, on Saturday night, 9th Oct., and bring Davis with me—I said I would—Davis is an apprentice in our shop—I asked him if he would go—he said he would—I was not aware anything wrong was contemplated—I went there at nine o'clock, and Davis was there with Probert—I was behind time—we had something to drink at the bar—Probert said it was too late then to go to the Black Bull to get a locksmith, but would I meet him at nine o'clock on Monday morning, the 11th, at St. George's Church, and bring Davis with me—I went to St. George's Church according to my appointment—Davis was with Probert—he was there before me—we all went together to a public-house in the Borough, and afterwards to the Black Bull, not to the bar—we went straight through to the parlour, and saw the waiter—Probert asked him to bring the box down—it was brought, and placed on the table—Probert went out, brought a locksmith, and told him he had lost the key, and he was to put a lock on the box—the locksmith got a screwdriver, forced the box open, and Probert took out a bag and contents—I believe he ordered him to take the lock off, and make a key, and the locksmith brought a new lock and key—I understood his object to be to supply a key which he had lost—there appeared to be a good bit of money in the bag—I saw some half-crowns taken out of it, and in Probert's hands—I do not know what became of the bag and contents—some one unlocked one of the locks—I do not know who—I do not know whether the other two were forced—I did not pay great attention—I was merely waiting in the room—the box was afterwards locked, and taken by Mr. Pallett's young man—I do not know what was done with the bag.





JAMES PALLETT.
 I am landlord of the Black Bull, in Upper Thames-street, in the parish of All Hallows the Less—the Silk Hatters' Trade Society assemble there—when the meeting has been adjourned, it has been the

practice of the society to leave the cash-box under my care, and I have kept it on their behalf until it was produced on the next meeting—I kept it in my own bed-room—it had three locks, and the president, vice-president, and secretary, each had a key—I knew the prisoner as the secretary—I did not know the president and vice-president—it was the practice to change those officers—my instructions from the society were to deliver the box to no one but the secretary—on Monday, 11th Oct., Probert came with two others—he came to the bar, and said, "Mr. Pallett, I want our box"—I called some one in to mind the bar, fetched the box from my bed-room, took it into the room, set it on the table, and shut the door—I always expected that three persons must be present on the production of the box, as there were locks and keys to it—I was not aware but that these other two persons were the two other officers of the society—if I had known that the prisoner, although the secretary of the society, had brought two persons who were no officers of the society, and contemplated anything wrong to the box, I should not have parted with the possession of it—I never received any directions except from the prisoner, and his directions were that I was to deliver the box to no one but himself—he being the secretary, great confidence was placed in him—he afterwards came to me, and produced a key which appeared to be a little broken—he said he wanted a smith, and I referred him to our porter, who fetched a smith—I received the box from time to time from the committee themselves, not from the hands of the secretary.

COURT.
Q. Did you attend the meetings of the society? A. I did not—at the end of the meeting, they rang the bell, and the waiter was called—he took the box up stairs, and put it in my bed-room—it was originally delivered to me nearly four years ago, by three or four parties—I do not know their names—I have only known Mr. Walker's name for the last fortnight.





BENJAMIN WALKER

re-examined. I was not present at the original deposit of the box with Pallett—I do not know who was—it was the practice for the president, vice-president, and secretary to stop to see the box delivered—it was given to the landlord or the waiter—I never knew it to be entrusted to the secretary to deliver to the landlord—the society met every Monday evening—the prisoner had no authority to call for the box, except the three officers were present

COURT
to
JAMES PALLETT.
Q. If the prisoner had come by himself, and had asked for the box, should you have given it up to him? A. I should not, because I knew there were three locks, and it required three persons to he present to unlock it—I should not have delivered it up except to three persons.





ROBERT GARNHAM.
 I am in the employ of Mr. Frewer, a locksmith, 26, Newton-street, Halborn. On Monday, the 11th of Oct., I went with the prisoner to the Black Bull, in Upper Thames-street, to pick a lock—I had my pincers, and was going to pick it—the prisoner said, "Force it open"—he told me to make all the haste I could; to take the old lock off, and put on a new one—I forced one lock, the others were open—I got a new lock and put it on, and a different key—I did not see it locked—I left the key in the lock—when I returned with the new lock, the prisoner said, "I hope you have not brought the old lock again, but have brought a new one"—he paid me, and I went away.





DONALD MURRAY
(policeman, M 119.) In consequence of directions, on Sunday, 24th Oct., I went to Bristol, and found the prisoner there in the Bridewell-jail—by direction of the Magistrate I brought him away—I told him he was charged with breaking open the box of a society held at the

Black Bull, Upper Thames-street, and taking therefrom 20l. 8s. 0 1/2d.—he made no reply—at the railway station, before we started by the train, he said he had taken the money, and he hoped they would be lenient towards him—I cautioned him that what he said I should tell—I did not search him—the constable at Bristol delivered to me 5l. 0s. 4d.—the prisoner was not present—I said to the prisoner, "There is only a small portion of the money recovered, what has become of the rest of it?"—he said he had spent it.

Prisoner. Q. When or where did I tell you I took the money? A. In the railway station—I did not try by every possible means from the time of leaving the Bristol-station, till we arrived at Paddington, to induce you to admit taking the money—I did not tell you to trust to the leniency of the society, nor say that I considered you very obstinate in not doing so—I did not tell you you were doing very wrong to your wife and family in not doing so—I left you at the Mansion House while the commitment was made out, and I went to the Southwark police-court—I might have gone to the Black Bull—I think I did—I had some bread, cheese, and porter there with the prosecutors—I might while there have exposed to their view some of the property that was taken from you—I showed a guard-chain to the persons there—I have had the property I took from you ever since.

MR. CLARKSON.
Q. How long have you been an officer? A. Nine years—upon my solemn oath I did not say anything whatever to induce the prisoner to make a confession, or threaten him if he did not—I am especially appointed as a warrant-officer as well as a policeman.

Prisoner's Defence. I have been accused of taking a certain sum of money, 20l. 8s. 01/2d., when the prosecutor admits there was not that sum there.




GUILTY. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.


MR. CLARKSON
stated that the prisoner had defrauded the society to the amount of 40l.
