



2733. 




WILLIAM BROWN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of September, 1 purse, value 2s. 6d.; 2 half-crowns, 5 shillings, and 2 sixpences, the property of 



Edward Ormiston, from his person.






EDWARD ORMISTON
. I live at Pentonville. On the afternoon of the 21st of September I was crossing Cheapside, and got into Crown-court, towards my place of business—I felt something, and observed somebody behind me, who I believe to be the prisoner, rubbing against my pocket—on going into my door he passed up the court, and then returned—my boy spoke to me, and on feeling in my pocket I missed my purse with two half-crowns, and some shillings and sixpences—Archer, a policeman, came by—I went with him to the station, and found the prisoner in custody—Archer showed me a purse, which was mine—it was then empty—this is it, and the one I had just lost.

Prisoner. He could not swear to what was found on me. Witness. I had not marked my money—I saw two half-crowns, five shillings, and four sixpences—the silver corresponded with what had been in my purse.





HENRY COOK
. I am a waiter, and live in Henry-street, Hampstead-road. On the 21st of September I was walking leisurely along, and noticed a person near the prosecutor, near Bow-church, Cheapside, genteelly dressed in a blue frock-coat, I saw him make an attempt to pick the prosecutor's pocket—two others were following him, one of whom was the prisoner—I let go of my wife's arm—the party escaped down Queen-street, and the other two, one of whom was the prisoner, followed the prosecutor up the court—I followed them and the prosecutor—the one who had escaped came down Crown-court, and said to the prisoner, "It is all right, cut"—I walked to the end of the street, to look for a policeman—the moment I saw him I said, "These men have picked a gentleman's pocket"—they ran down Queen-street together, and the prisoner was taken—I can swear positively to the prisoner—he had a green umbrella in his hand, and I could not be mistaken in him—after he was first secured he escaped, ran into a house, and got up stairs—he was again secured—the Lord Mayor was passing at the time, coming from Christ-church.

Prisoner. He said at the station he could not swear to me, but that it was a young man in a blue frock-coat had the gentleman's coat in his hand—he said he could hardly believe I was one of the party—the inspector asked him if I had an umbrella in my hand—he said the one in the blue coat had, but he did not say I had. Witness. I never expressed a doubt about him—he said before the Alderman that I had spoken the whole truth.





JOSEPH ARCHER
. I am a City policeman. I was on duty in Cheapside

—in consequence of information, I followed the prisoner and two other persons—the other two escaped—I went into Bee Hive-court, Queen-street—finding the door of a house open, I went up stairs and found the prisoner on the second-floor staircase, leaning on the banisters—I asked what he did there—he said he was looking for one Johnson, a tinman—I found no such person there—I brought him to the station, and found half-a-sovereign, two half-crowns, five shillings, four sixpeuces, and 2 1/2 d. on him.





JOHN YATES
. I am a City policeman. I lodged at No. 3, Bee Hive-court, on the second-floor—it is the house the prisoner was taken in—I was confined there with a bad foot at the time—after the prisoner was gone I searched on the landing-place, and on a shelf over the stairs, where my wife keeps her saucepans, I found the prosecutor's purse, exactly where the prisoner had been standing on the stairs.

Prisoner. At the station the landlord of the house was brought, and he said a little boy had found the purse on the landing, and brought it to the station—the inspector desired the landlord to bring the boy, instead of which this policeman came and said he found it. Witness. There was no boy in the question—my son was at home at the time, but he was in the privy when the prisoner was in the house, and previous to finding the purse I sent him on an errand—he was not at home when the purse was found.





EDWARD ORMISTON

re-examined. This is my purse—it is the same colour, and the same slides and tassels; the same in every respect.




GUILTY
.* Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.
