





58. 




MARY EVANS,



 CATHERINE OAKFORD
, and 




LYDIA MILES
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
5th of November, 1 key, value 2d.; 1 coat, value 1l.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 1l.; 1 waistcoat, value 5s.; 7 sovereigns, and 1 10l. Bank-note; the property of 



Thomas Longfoot
.






MAURICE CEELY
 (City police-constable, No. 226.) On the 5th of November I was on duty on Holborn-hill, about a quarter past five o'clock in the morning—I saw Oakford and Evans advance towards a cab on the rank, and in a suppressed tone called "Cab"—I suspected from their manner, and knowing the parties, that all was not right—I went, and asked what they had got—I saw they had got something in their arms or aprons—I could not distinguish which—Evans said her old man's clothes—Miles was not there—I said I did not think it was, I thought she had taken them from some person she had been with—I took hold of her, and I had forcibly to take a coat from her—I called my brother officer, Wood, to take hold of Oakford, that she might not go away—she had the waistcoat and trowsers in her apron—I took Evans to the station—Wood followed with Oakford—I then saw Evans fumbling with her hands in different parts of her person—I allowed her to keep on fumbling—I saw nothing further—she was locked up, and searched by a female—I made inquiries at different houses, but could not find any one who claimed the clothes—I gave information at the Rosoman-street station, and from information I went to Pheasant's-court, Gray's Inn-lane, and found the prosecutor in bed there—he claimed the clothes before the Magistrate as his —Miles was brought to the station—this key was found lying on the table at the house where I found the prosecutor, which he claimed.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. How long have you been in the police? A. A year.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What were you before you were a constable? A. Apprentice to my father, who was an inn-holder.

Evans. Q. Did you ever know me to do such a thing before? A. I have known you in custody before, on a charge of felony.





THOMAS LONGFOOT
. On the 5th of November I went to bed at some time in the morning at that house—I was not sober—I do not know that I went to bed with any one—Miles said, the following morning, that I went to bed with her—I do not recollect whether there was any body in the bed or not—I recollect going to bed—I did not know the situation of the place where I went to bed till afterwards—I had met with Miles and some other females in Holborn—Miles induced me to go to her house—I afterwards learned it was at No. 3, Pheasant's-court—she went with me—she was in the room with me—I undressed myself, and went to bed—I have no recollection of whether she went to bed with me—I was awoke in the morning by a woman who, I believe, was the landlady of the house—the prisoners were not there—there was another female in the room the night before, who is not in custody—I had not seen the other prisoners—when I awoke in the morning, I found my coat, waistcoat, trowsers, braces, and handkerchief were gone—my watch was under my head—a 10l. bank-note was gone, and seven sovereigns—I had given Miles a sovereign the evening before after I got into the room, to get something to drink.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. I suppose you had been out cruizing the night before? A. Yes; I was not perfectly sober, but I knew what I was doing when I went to this house—I objected to go, because when I got to the corner of the court I did not like the appearance

of the place—I saw it was a low brothel—I had not seen it before—I went there early in the morning—I was at a public-house, in Blackfriars-road, about eight o'clock that night—I stopped there till eleven or twelve—I was drinking there—I went from there up to Oxford-street, to see a person as far as there—I do not recollect having any more to drink—I cannot recollect whether I went into a public-house—I was in a coffee-shop, and had some tea and coffee—I do not remember that I met with any other woman, to speak to, till I met Miles.

Evans. Q. Was I in her company? A. I cannot say that you were.





JAMES O'BRIEN
 (police-constable G 59.) Between nine and ten o'clock in the morning of the 5th of November, I went into this house in Pheasant-court—I found the prosecutor in bed in the front room on the second floor—I went down stairs, looked about in the yard and about the house—I went into the court, and met Miles in the court—I said I wanted her to come up stairs, a gentleman wanted to see her—I asked if she lived there—she said she did, she occupied a room there—she came up stain, and the prosecutor asked her what she had done with his clothes and sovereign—she said she knew nothing about his clothes—he asked what she had done with the sovereign—she said, "You gave me the sovereign to go to bed with you"—he said, "I gave you the sovereign to get something to drink, and you never returned till now"—she said she had been to take a walk—she said she knew nothing about his clothes, that she met two girls on the stairs as she was going down, they wanted some part of the money she got from the gentleman, and she gave them 5s. a-piece out of the sovereign.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. This is a low brothel, is it not? A. Yes.





GEORGE WILLIAM MARRIOTT
 (police-constable G 81.) I went with O'Brien to the house in Pheasant-court, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning—I went up stairs after O'Brien was in the room—the prosecutor was in bed in the room—Miles was there—I saw her take the prosecutor's key from beneath her cloak, and put it on the table—Ceeley picked it up—he came up afterwards, before I went away—Miles was gone at the time Ceeley came.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did you go up with O'Brien at first? A. No, some minutes afterwards—Miles was sitting on a chair by the table when she put the key on it.





JAMES WOOD
 (City police-constable No. 166.) I took Oakford by desire of Ceeley—he took Evans—I found these trowsers, waistcoat, and braces on Oakford—they were afterwards produced at Guildhall, and the prosecutor claimed them—they were folded up in Oakford's gown—I asked her what she had got there—she said they belonged to her man—nothing more passed, but I took her to the station—I have had the clothes in my possession ever since.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Evans's Defence. On the 5th of November, I Oakford and Miles were coming down Holborn-hill, and we met the prosecutor; he spoke to us, and went home with Miles; she told us to follow her; and as we came to the corner of Gray's-Inn-lane, Miles's companion, who lives with her, met us, and said, "Have you seen Miles?" I said, "Yes, there she is, with a gentleman;" she said, "She can't get in, I have got the key." I and

Oakford stood down stain; Miles came down with 1s. in her hand, and said he would not have any thing to do with her, but he would have her companion. We went to Gurney's, and she spent the shilling, and a six-pence of her own; we then saw the other girl coming with another man. Miles went and spoke to her; Miles came back, and said he had given her a sovereign; she changed it, and gave us 5s. apiece; we went back to the place; she gave us the clothes, and told us to go on; and as we were going down we saw Miles and the gentleman get into the cab; we called out "Cab;" they would not stop. We were going to take another cab to go after them; and as we were going down Holborn-hill, Oakford dropped the coat; I took it up, and said, "They are men's clothes;" she said, "Yes;" the policeman came and took us.
(Mary Thompson, the wife of a tallow-melter; and George Rice, a packer, gave Oakford a good character.)

EVANS—


GUILTY
.—Aged 18.

OAKFORD—


GUILTY
.—Aged 19.

MILES—


GUILTY
.—Aged 20.





Transported for Seven Years.

First Jury, before Mr. Justice Coltman.
