



2314. 




GEORGE WILLIAMS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
28th of August, 1 mare, value 1l. 10s.; 1 cart, value 3l.; 1 set of harness, value 10s.; the goods of 



James Smith.






JAMES SMITH
. I am a greengrocer. On Friday, the 28th of August, I had a mare in a cart—I went to Billingsgate market, about ten minutes to seven o'clock in the morning—I asked a young man who was sitting on a step to mind it while I was absent, it was not the man that always minded it, he was not there—I cannot recognize the prisoner as the man—I was absent about half an hour, or not so long, and when I returned I found the mare and cart gone—the young man could not be found any where—I afterwards found my cart at Limehouse, I believe—I found the mare at a slaughter-house—I knew them again.





WILLIAM BARTRAM
. I am a livery-stable keeper, and live at Raven-row, Mile-end. I saw the prisoner at my place a little after seven o'clock, he asked me if I would let his horse and cart be put in my yard for an hour—it was a very poor grey mare, and a very old cart—I let him put it in on condition that he would fetch it away in an hour—he told me that the horse would not draw a load, and he wished me to take it in till he fetched another horse to draw it—he did not return till past four o'clock—he then took the horse away, and paid me 9d. for its being there.





RICHARD WEST
. I am in the employ of William Monk, who has a slaughter-house in Little North-street, Whitechapel-road. The prisoner came there between five and six o'clock on the Friday evening, and said he had a horse at Mr. Bertram's stable, would we go and look at it—Mr. Monk told me to go with him, but while I went into the house he was gone—I went to Mr. Bertram's yard, but the horse was gone—I then came home, and found the prisoner with the horse in my master's yard—it was a grey mare—he asked 25s. for it—it was bought for a sovereign—she was afterwards owned.

Prisoner. It was sold for 19s. Witness. No, a sovereign, and you gave 1s. back for drink.





SAMUEL WEBB
. I am a grocer, and live in Queen-street, Ratcliff. The prisoner met me on Stepney-green, and said, "Webb, do you want to buy a bigger cart?"—I said, "I have no objection, if you have got one that will suit me"—he said he had—I said, "Where is it?"—he said, "At Mr. Bartram's livery stables"—I said, "I have not time to look at it now"—he said, "Come and look at it now, for my horse is dead, and I shall not have time next week to see it sold, as I have a situation to go to; and if I let the cart stand over to-day I shall have to pay half-a-crown, for it will run into next week"—I went and looked at the cart, and said it was of no service to me—I at last gave 25s. for it—the prosecutor has since seen it.





JAMES PORTCH
. I am a policeman. I saw the prisoner in custody, and identified him as the man I had been looking for for two years.





JAMES SMITH

re-examined. I have seen the horse and cart—they are mine.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Baron Rolfe.

