



1658. 




NATHAN NATHAN
was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
17th of May, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 



Edward Thompson, from his person.






EDWARD THOMPSON.
I am a draper. On the evening of the 17th of May I was in Bishopsgate-street Without, at a quarter or ten minutes past nine o'clock—I turned round, and saw the prisoner in the act of collecting himself—I told him he had something about him that did not belong to him—I then charged him with the theft—he said, "Oh, I saw a boy take your handkerchief, and there lies your handkerchief in the road, " pointing to it—I was going to it, and a man was going towards it—I said, "Don't touch my property, " and he said, "I have been watching the man that took your handkerchief; there it is, and the man you spoke to robbed you."

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. Were you walking with a lady? A. Yes—I felt a tug at my pocket—I saw the prisoner turning down a street, and charged him with it—he did not come back towards the place where he pointed out the handkerchief—he was standing where I overtook him, about six paces from where it occurred—I saw something dark in the road, and ran immediately towards it—I turned immediately I felt the tug—when I turned to go to the handkerchief, the witness got to it about

a yard before me—I arrived on the spot before he left it—I do not believe I swore before the Magistrate that I met the witness—(reading his deposition) "I went back, and met the next witness, who had picked up my handkerchief, he said, 'Here is your handkerchief, and that is the man who robbed you'"—I might have met him without his moving a step—I ran after the prisoner, I did not catch him—I have no decided residence at present—I should have had if I had not been detained here.





JOSEPH HOUGHTON.
I was passing, on Sunday, the 17th of May, through Aldgate, and saw the prisoner and another man taller than him feeling various people's pockets—I watched him down Houndsditch to Bishopsgate—I went on the other side, and saw him take the handkerchief out of the prosecutor's pocket—the prosecutor turned, and he threw the handkerchief down—I went towards it, and said to the prosecutor, "That is your handkerchief, and that is the man that took it"—directly the prisoner heard that he set off as hard as he could—I gave the handkerchief to the prosecutor—we ran after the prisoner—he was turning a corner, a boy took hold of his legs and threw him down.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. A coachmaker, apprentice to Mr. Hill—I live at my father's, in Whitechapel-road—I gave evidence last Session—I did not say then that I was apprentice to a cabinet-maker—I have been a witness three times in criminal cases—I spoke first to the prosecutor, I believe—he might speak first to me—it was just at the time the prosecutor turned round that the prisoner dropped the handkerchief—I think the prosecutor told me not to touch the handkerchief—I told the prisoner he was a very great thief—I had seen him several times.





RICHARD EBENEZER HOWELL.
I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and have the handkerchief.




GUILTY.† Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years

