



2118. 




WILLIAM DAY
 was indicted

 for stealing, at 
St. Martin-in-the-Fields, 1 scarf, value 4l.; 10s.; 1 gown, 2l.; 1 night-gown, 4s.; and 2 shifts, 10s.; the goods of 



Clara Harriet Brown: also 2 sheets, 12s.; and 2 table napkins, 7s.; the goods of 



Mary Ann M'Gagan: and 1 petticoat, 2s., the goods of 



Olive Mary Wilson; in the dwelling-house of 



James M'Kean.






OLIVE MARY WILSON
. I am servant to Mr. James M'Kean, who keeps the Belgrave Head, in Spur-street. On the evening of the 4th of Aug. I was standing at the bar, and saw the prisoner come down stairs from the ale-room—he went quickly out at the street door with a bundle in a table-cloth under his arm—I had never seen him before—I went up to the second floor front room, and missed the property stated—(the ale-room is on the first floor)—I found all the linen turned out of the washing basket, and lying about—the velvet scarf had been lying on the bed five minutes before, and that was gone—it was Clara Harriet Brown's, my master's niece—the table-cloth was Mrs. Mary Ann M'Gagan's, the shirts James Duell's, and the petticoat was mine—it was all in the house of Mr. James M'Kean—the whole of it was worth 9l.; 5s.—I had been in the room ten minutes before, and it was all perfectly safe—I afterwards went to Vine-street station, and saw the prisoner—I swear positively to him, though I never saw him before, as we have the gas in our passage, which gives such a light.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Many people go up to this ale-room on the first floor? A. Yes—there are not many persons go up that I do not take notice of, because we have our regular customers—I did not see the prisoner go up—I saw him with a bundle, and I thought it very singular, being on Sunday—I had not the presence of mind to lay hold of him—I was standing at the bar door, and the light is on the landing just at the foot of the stairs—I have no hesitation in saying the prisoner is the man—he passed about two yards from me—he was obliged to pass me to go out—I spoke to my master's nephew—he looked at him but did not go after him—it was about nine o'clock.





JAMES DUELL
. I am the prosecutor's nephew; his house is in the parish of St. Ann, Soho. About a quarter before nine o'clock that night I saw the prisoner go up stairs—he said, "How do you do, Sir?"—I said, "How do you do?"—we have customers go up stairs to the ale-room—he had no bundle when he went up—in about a quarter of an hour he came down with a bundle wrapped in a table-cloth—he wished me good night, and went out.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you the person that the last witness spoke to? A. Yes—she said, "There is a man gone out with a bundle"—she ran down stairs to my sister, then ran up stairs, and then I went out—I saw the prisoner before Wilson did—he went through the passage—I was close against the bar door—Wilson was just coming from up stairs, standing close against the gas-light—the bar door does not face the stairs—you have to turn to the left to go up stairs, under the light—I saw the prisoner go up and come down.






JOSEPH MOUNT
 (police-sergeant C 6.) I apprehended the prisoner—I told him what I wanted him for—he denied it.

Cross-examined. Q. He told you at once that he was not there? A. Yes—I did not find anything on him—his landlady told me he had borrowed 6d. to buy something to eat the morning after this robbery.

MR. ROBINSON
called






JOHN DAY
. I am the prisoner's brother—I am a gentleman's coachman, but am out of a situation—I live at No. 8, Sneed's-gardens, Piccadilly—I did live with Mr. Bond. I recollect Sunday, the 4th of Aug. perfectly well—I met my brother that day about twelve o'clock—he went and took dinner with me, and alter that we went to Mr. Gee's, No. 152, Regent-street, Lambeth, and stopped there till eleven o'clock—Mr. Gee and Mr. Armstrong were there—the prisoner was there from six o'clock till nearly eleven—I was never out of his company at all—I do not know of his being apprehended the next morning—I was at Brighton—I went down to Brighton on the Tuesday before.

Q. You were in London on the 4th of Aug.? A. Yes—I did not go down to Brighton after that—I returned on the Tuesday before the 4th of Aug.—I was not in Brighton after the 4th of Aug.—I did not know of my brother being apprehended till I returned, in three or four days—I came from Brighton on the Friday, and my brother was apprehended on the Tuesday before.

Q. Were you in London on the 4th of Aug.? A. Decidedly, on the Sunday—I went down to Brighton before that—I cannot say what day I went down the last time—I was at Brighton at the time my brother was apprehended—I returned to town on Friday, about the 7th or 8th of Aug., and he was apprehended on the following Tuesday—I know he was apprehended on the Tuesday—I believe I was out of town—that was before the 4th of Aug.; no, after, of course it was.

Q. After you dined with your brother on the 4th, did you go to Brighton? A. Yes, on the Tuesday after—I returned on the Friday, and then heard of my brother being apprehended—that fixed this Sunday in my memory, because I met my brother at the corner of Piccadilly, and asked him to go and dine with me, and he said he would.

MR. RYLAND. Q. How do you get your living? A. By gentlemen's service, when I am in a situation—when I am out of one, I travel about the country for gentlemen with horses—I have been at the races at Brighton and at Goodwood—I went with gentlemen—Mr. Henry Wilson was one—he lives at No. 59, Covent-garden, not in the market, but round about the market—I cannot give you the exact account—I travel about, and if a gentleman says, "Take my horse here," or "Take it there," I do—I do not attend to the gentleman distinctly—I cannot tell you distinctly where he lives—Mr. Wilson lives at No. 59, Covent-garden—he has no stable there—I have not been to his house—I saw him at the races, and he gave me an order to take care of his horses—if a gentleman brings horses down there, I take them—I had the care of Lochabar and another horse—I had two horses for Mr. Wilson, just by the Albion—I cannot give the name of the place—I promiscuously met him coming to Brighton, and he said, "Day, I want you to take care of these horses"—his lads were leading a couple of horses—it was about five o'clock in the evening—I am well known amongst gentlemen—he did not exactly hand over the horses to me—we went to the Bristol Tap, near Kemp Town—I think that is nearly a mile from the Albion—the horses were put up at Mr. Matthews', at the Bristol Tap—on the day my brother dined with me I was living at No. 8, Sueed's-gardens, Engine-street, Piccadilly,

with my wife—it was about twelve o'clock that day that I met my brother—he was living at that time at No. 29, or 30, Bedfordbury—I believe it is at-the Cock and Bottle—that is a very short distance from Leicester-square—I went right home with him on the 4th of Aug.—we stopped at the corner of Engine-street, had a little refreshment, and then went home, between one and two o'clock, and dined directly—there was I, my brother, my wife, and children—we had no visitors—the prisoner was not out of my sight till eleven that night—we stopped at my house, and then went over the water, through the Park, and over Westminster-bridge, and arrived at Regent-street, Lambeth, between five and six, or nearly six—I, and my wife, and my brother, went there—we left the children at home with my wife's mother—she dropped in that day, between three and four, while we were smoking our pipes—we might start about four—Mr. Armstrong was at Mr. Gee's—Mr. Gee is single—we had cigars and tobacco, and gin and water, and ale—my brother was not out of my sight—we left at half-past ten, or nearly eleven—I walked back towards home, and left him near St. Martin's church—I and my wife went home—I left Mr. Armstrong at Gee's—we did not have any tea—my wife does without tea sometimes, and she does with a little beer and tobacco—I heard of my brother's apprehension on this charge when I arrived in town from Brighton—I suppose it was about the latter end of July—then I heard he was locked up on suspicion, but for what I do not kuow.

Q. You arrived at the latter end of July? A. I cannot say exactly what day it was—I do not think I came back from Brighton in July, but when I came back I heard he was locked up, but I heard of his apprehension on the Friday on which I arrived from Brighton—I cannot recollect whether it was in July or August.

Q. How do you know your brother dined with you on the 4th of Aug.?

A. Upon my word I cannot recollect what day I returned, but I can positively recollect my brother dined with me on the 4th of Aug., but I cannot recollect whether I left Brighton for London in July or Aug.—I do not know how the days go—all we have to do is to go with the horses—I left Brighton on Friday, about six o'clock, and got to town that night before the 4th of Aug.—it must be the Friday after, decidedly—you are askinig me questions that I cannot answer.

COURT. Q. Your brother dined with you on some Sunday? A. Yes, it was on the 4th of Aug.—it must have been before that that I came from Brighton, decidedly.





THOMAS GEE
. I am a shoemaker, in business for myself, at No. 152, Regent-street, Lambeth; I know the prisoner. The last time I saw him was at my house on the evening of Sunday, the 4th of Aug.—he came near six o'clock in the evening, with his brother—they remained with me till half-past ten, as near as I can possibly say—Armstrong, an acquaintance of mine, was in company with us—no one else—the prisoner might have gone out for five minutes, but not more.

MR. RYLAND. Q. What were you doing during the time? A. Nothing particular—we had a drop of half-and-half, and a pipe, and were talking of different things—we had had tea before they came, and did not make any fresh for them—I believe we all smoked pipes.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Did you have any cigars? A. I believe there were some on the table—I know there were some—we had no spirits.





HENRY ARMSTRONG
. I am a shoemaker, and live in George-street, Walworth. I know the prisoner—I saw him on Sunday, the 4th of Aug., at Mr. Gee's, in Regent-street, Lambeth—Mr. Gee was there, the prisoner, and his brother, and I—that was all—we remained till half-past ten or a quarter

to eleven—I got there at half-past five or a quarter to six—the prisoner and his brother were there then.

MR. RYLAND. Q. What were you doing? A. Smoking and talking—there was part of a pot of porter—I tasted it, and have no doubt that it was porter—there was another pot had, which I believe was half-and-half—the prisoner and his brother went away alone.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Did you see any wife there? A. Gee's wife—no other.




GUILTY

of stealing only. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.

