




1777. 




ROBERT WRIGHT
 and 




RICHARD DAVIS



 were indicted, for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




Hannah Mary Budd, on the 
27th of May, at 
St. Luke, and stealing therein, 13 1/4 lbs. weight of cigars, value 10s., her property; and that Davis had been before convicted of felony.






HANNAH MARY BUDD
. I keep a cigar-shop in the City-road, in the parish of St. Luke; I had cigars in the window. On Friday evening, the 27th of May, a little before nine o'clock, the police gave me information—I saw the glass had been cut, and two bundles of cigars taken out.





EVAN DAVIES
 On Friday evening, the 27th of May, I was in the City-road, in plain clothes, and saw the two prisoners at Mrs. Budd's shop-window—I stood on the other side of the way, when I first saw them, for a little while, and then I crossed over to look at the window, and saw it was cracked—I went over to the other side of the way again, and told my brother officer something—we waited, and presently saw the prisoners carrying pieces of glass away—they put it down in the kennel, about a dozen yards on—I observed Wright doing that repeatedly—I cannot swear to Davis—they did it several times—I watched them for about twenty minutes—I saw Wright take a bundle out of the window, and hand it over to Davis, and they walked away, they met some one, tuned back to the window again, and stood at the window a little time, fingering about the place where the hole was—another one came up, and stood just by their side, and by the movements of their hands I thought I could see something passing—I saw the third young man put something into his pocket—then they separated for a few minutes, and came on the tame side of the way as I was, and went back over to the same place—we then went over and took them—I have the pieces of the glass here which I picked up.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you search Wright? A. Yes, and found nothing on him—there was no instrument on him with which he could have broken the window.

COURT. Q. How long did you keep them under your observation? A. Twenty minutes, or upwards—I took Wright, and my brother officer took Davis.





GEORGE GIBLINO
 (police-constable G 94.) I was with Davis, and saw the two prisoners—I cannot say that I saw Wright take the cigars out of the hole, but I saw his hand in the attitude of taking something out—I could not see the cigars—I saw them walk away, and meet with the third one—they came back again—the third one came up to the window—they then went away again—the two prisoners crossed to the opposite side of the way, where I was standing, and then directly went across to the window again—we crossed, and I took Davis—at the time the two prisoners were standing together, after they had been at the window, I saw Davis take this apron from his pocket, and put it on, and he went directly back to the window again.
(William Packer, cabinet-maker, No. 20, Holy well-lane, Shoreditch;

Elizabeth Higgins, wife of a watch-maker, in Great Leonard-street; William Lodge, No. 20, Holy well-lane; Alfred John Phillips, cabinet-maker, No. 24, Hope-street, Spitalfields; and Austin Nicholas, coach-maker, No. 2, New York-street, Curtain-road; gave Wright a good character.)





ROBERT TYRRELL
. I produce a certificate of the conviction of Lewis Higham, in October last, from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner Davis is that person.

WRIGHT—



GUILTY
. Aged 17.—



Transported for Twelve Years.

DAVIS—



GUILTY
. Aged 18.—



Transported for Life.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder,

