



2398. 




MARY HARVEY
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



George Boulton, on the 
16th of September, putting him in fear and danger of his life, and taking from his person, and against his will, 3s., his monies.






GEORGE BOULTON
. I am a coach-builder, and live in Pread-street, Paddington. On the 16th of September I had been spending the evening with a friend, in Bow-street, Covent-garden—I was returning home—it got towards twelve o'clock at night—I met the prisoner in a street which has been stated to me as Long-acre—she was in company with another female—I asked them the way to Oxford-street—they pointed out a court on the opposite side, and said that would take me directly there—I had gone a few paces across the street, the prisoner called me back, and said, "That is not the way, that is the way," and pointed out another court—I was going down that court—when I got a few steps, the prisoner and her companion seized and thrust me into a house, the door of which was open—the prisoner swore she would have my b—y heart out unless I gave her 1s., which I did; and then she fastened hold of my neck cloth and shirt, and swore she would have another; and wishing to get out, I gave it her; she then demanded a third, which I gave her, and got out of the house—I called the police, and in about an hour and a half the policeman broke the door in with a hammer—she then escaped up stairs, into another room, and they said they would break it open unless she opened it, and in a few minutes she opened it—I gave her in charge—the other woman had left immediately.

Q. Could not you get from the prisoner? A. She fastened on me by the throat, and I heard other prostitutes in the house—I should not have given her any money but from her holding me and being alarmed.

Prisoner. You asked me for Oxford-street; I took you down Angel-court; When I passed my door I wished the female good night. I said, "Go down to the bottom, and cross over;" there are two lamps in the court; he followed me, and said, "Do you live up that court?" and asked if he could go up stairs with me; he went up into my room, and said, "What am I to give you? I am very short of money;" he gave me a shilling and a fourpenny piece, having said he would give me 4s. I said, "That is not the money you promised me;" he locked the door, and put the key in his pocket. I said I would not stop for that money; he up with his fist, and knocked me down. Witness. It is not true—I deny the whole—it is a mere fabrication—I gave her three shillings, and no fourpenny piece—I did not go up stairs at all. nor say I would give her any thing.






JOHN MARSH
. I am a policeman. I heard a cry of "Police" in Angel-court—I went immediately, and saw the prosecutor, who was quite sober, but agitated—he complained of being robbed of 85., and his life threatened—I knocked at the door, and after some time the prisoner looked out at the two pair of stairs window—I asked her to let me in—she said she should do no such thing—I said I was determined to have her, for she had robbed the man—I asked the people of the house—they would not let me in—after considerable time I knocked the door in with a hammer, went up to her room, and called to her—she pretended to know nothing about me—I called the prosecutor up, who said she was the woman—I took her—her language going to Bow-street was most disgusting—she was searched, and two shillings and a fourpenny piece found upon her.

Prisoner. Q. Did not I say there was a shilling he gave me in my I room? A. Yes, and 1s. 4d. was found on her afterwards.





GEORGE BOULTON

re-examined. From the first of my seeing her, and calling "Police," did not amount to ten minutes.

Prisoner. I would have opened the door, but the people down stairs said they would not have any body come in. He struck me in my own room. I gave the inspector 1s. 4d. which he had given me, and said I had 1s. 4d. more of my own; he knocked me down against the window, and then opened the door and ran down. The inspector was an hour before he took the charge. Witness. There is not a syllable of truth in what she says—she wanted me to go into the room, and made an indecent proposal, but I turned with disgust from her.





JOHN MARSH

re-examined. The inspector did not rightly understand the prosecutor till he explained that he had not given her the money.




GUILTY
.† Aged 38. 


Transported for Ten Years.
