



171. 




THOMAS DAVIS



, stealing at 
Paddington, 4 half-crowns; 1 penny; and 2 halfpence; 1 bag, value 4d. and 1 handkerchief, 4d. the property of 



Maria Asquith; and 53 forks, 19l. and 23 spoons, value 10l., of 



Isabella Lowes, in her dwelling-house.






MARY ASQUITH.
 I am cook to Mrs. Isabella Lowes, a widow, of South-well-place, in the parish of Paddington—it is her dwelling-house—on 18th Nov., about half-past twelve o'clock, I was coming down the kitchen stairs, and saw the prisoner running along the passage from the pantry—I ran after him into the street, and called "Stop thief"—he had a bundle under his arm, in a red handkerchief—I saw several people after him, and returned to the house—he was brought back by a policeman with this property—I missed four half-crowns and two pence, which were mine—they had been on the kitchen dresser.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me round the house? A. I did not see you till I saw you running out of the house—you wore a different dress and a lighter handkerchief than you have on now.





THOMAS BOSWORTH.
 I am a butcher, at 6, Cambridge-place, Paddington—I was coming down Radnor-place, about half-past twelve, heard "Stop thief," called, and saw the prisoner running at the bottom of South well-court with a bundle under his arm, which he threw over an area-railing—it sounded like the breaking of glass—I followed, and caught him in Oxford Mews—I did not lose sight of him—I gave him to the policeman.

Prisoner. Q. Did not I go through the back of Gloucester-square, and was not I going through the mews when you caught me? A. You could not have done so, as those are contrary ways.





GEORGE GROUNDWELL
 (policeman, 170 D.) I was on duty about half-past twelve—heard a cry of "stop thief," saw the prisoner running, ran after him, and saw Bosworth stop him—I took him in charge, and took him down the area—I had not seen anything thrown down there—I found this plate there (produced), and this red handkerchief which was open, and the plate all exposed under the area window—I asked the prisoner if he knew anything about it—he said "No"—I searched him and found half-a-crown and a halfpenny, but having the plate I could not search him thoroughly—I took him to the prosecutrix's house, and then to the station, searched him again, and found three half-crowns, a penny, and a halfpenny.





MARIA ASQUITH

re-examined. This plate is my mistress's property, and was in the house that morning.

Prisoner's Defence. I did not steal the plate; the money found on me was the change of a sovereign which my father had given me to go to market with.





WILLIAM DAVIS.
 I am the prisoner's father, and am a costermonger—I gave him a sovereign on Monday morning to buy herrings—I always found him very honest.




GUILTY. Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.

