



372. 




GEORGE BERKSHIRE
 was indicted

 for stealing 3lbs. weight of mutton, value 1s. 3d.; the goods of 




John Ashby; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY ASHBY
. I am the wife of John Ashby, butcher, of Wimbledon. On the 5th of Dec., about eight o'clock in the evening, I was in a parlour adjoining the shop, and saw a man in the act of taking down a piece of meat off a hook about the middle of the shop, just opposite me—I cannot swear what meat it was—it was a long piece—we missed a breast of mutton afterwards, and when I saw the hook vacant, I remembered that there had been a breast of mutton there—I have known the prisoner by sight for six or seven years—it did not strike me at the time that it was him, or any one in particular—I

know it was a person with a jacket—I will not say exactly what sort of one—he went out of the shop very quickly—I said, "Halloo, Mr., what are you doing?"—he made no reply—there is a yard round by the side of our house where there it a dung-cart—I went down at far as a stable.





STEPHEN CASWELL
. I look after cows and sheep, and live at Wimbledon. On the 5th of Dec., about eight o'clock in the evening, I was in my father's shed, about 100 yards from Mr. Ashby's—the prisoner ran past me—I spoke to him—he made me no answer—I saw him again two or three minutes afterwards, walking back again—I cannot say whether he had any thing about him either time.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. He did not appear to have any meat about him? A. I cannot say that—he had nothing in his hand—I cannot say how he was carrying his hands—he was about four yards from the dung-cart, when he wat running,—he could have gone to it after he passed me—I saw him pass it and then entered the shed—I came out again, and saw him return in a few minutes afterwards—he did not put any thing into the dungcart—I lost tight of the cart during the two or three minutes I was in the shed—it was standing in the middle of the yard, going up towards the shed—it was the prosecutor's dung-cart—the yard it no thoroughfare.





JOHN ASHBY
, butcher at Wimbledon. On the night of the 5th of Dec. my wife spoke to me—I went into the shop and missed a breast of mutton—I went to an empty dung-cart in the yard, which is no thoroughfare, and discovered a breast of mutton in the cart—it was the breast which had hung up in the shop—Budd, my servant, found it there before me—I got a policeman, made a mark on the mutton, left it in the cart, and left him to watch—he afterwards brought it to my house with the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. Is Budd still in your employment? A. Yes, he gave me information somewhere about eight o'clock—I immediately went to the dung-cart—he had been in my employment about four weeks—he was here to-day, but I wat obliged to send him home.





JOHN PEARCE
 (police-constable V. 250.) On the night of the 5th of Dec. I went with Mr. Ashby into a yard, and there saw a breast of mutton in a cart—Mr. Ashby marked it—I watched, and about a quarter past ten o'clock the prisoner came out of the Dog and Fox in company with the potman—he turned into the yard, and returned in about three or four minutes—I observed something bulky under hit jacket—I went up to him, turned back the fold of his jacket, and he had this breast of mutton concealed underneath his jacket—it wat marked—I took him to Mr. Ashby.

MR. ASHBY
re-examined. This is the mutton I missed.





RICHARD GOLDING
 (police-constable V 81.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Recorder.

