



2322. 




JOHN COMBER, alias
 Merchant, alias
, Durham,

 was indicted

 for a misdemeanor.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






ELEANOR PETTIT MADDOX
. I am the wife. of Thomas Slocomb Black-man Maddox, and live in Smith-street, Marlborough-road, Chelsea. In June last I had two ponies at my stable for sale—the prisoner came about them three times—I cannot exactly say the first day he came, but it was in June—the last time he came was on the 26th of June—he at first said he came recommended by Mr. Hetherington, who he supplied with hay and straw, to look at the pair of ponies—he did not tell me his name the first day—he afterwards told me he was a farmer, living at St. Albans., that his name was Comber, and that he formerly lived at Silverton, in Northampton-shire he looked at the ponies—they had been looked at by a variety of persons before—he did not buy them the day—I had other parties in treaty for them at that time, and told him so—he made no offer for them then, nor on the second day—I did not tell him what the persons in treaty had offered—when he came on the 26th he said he had come to see whether I had disposed of the ponies—I told him I had not—he never had the ponies out of the stable, he only looked at them in the stall—he said if he could not buy horses from looking at them in the stall, he was not worthy of buying horses at all—he offered 60l. I think first—I said it was a very low offer—I wanted 70l.—they were thirteen hands. high, very

handsome, particularly good, they were bay, without spot or blemish, black legs, manes, and tails—he said other persons might offer more money, but they would give me bills—I said bills would not be accepted, for I would either take money for my ponies, or I would keep them—he then offered 61l.—I called my mother to know whether I had better let him have the ponies—she said no, I should certainly be doing wrong—I had him into the parlour—he put his hand up to his head, and said, "Well, I must have them, I will give 62l. for them, but I cannot give any more"—he said he wanted them for a lady who was returning from France, and that she was such a kind woman, the ponies would have such a good home, and they would be kept in a meadow in front of his house till she returned—I was very fond of the ponies, having had them three years—they were my husband's property—I agreed that he should have them for 62l., and also a large Newfoundland dog into the bargain—he then took out a cheque-book, and said he had a very large account in the Southwark branch of the London and Westminster bank—a great many cheques were gone from it, and it appeared to have been worn—he said he was a very large dealer in horses, that he supplied the Duke of Newcastle, Mr. Hankey, and a variety of other persons he mentioned in Wales and else-where, and he always paid in cheques, for he never carried money about with him for fear of being robbed of it—I am sorry to say this imposed upon me—he wrote the cheque, and gave it to me in my mother's presence—this now produced is it—he said that Mr. Hetherington had been kind enough to lend him a man to assist him in leading away the ponies, and that he was going with the ponies straight to Mr. Hetherington's—after unfastening the horses, he cast his eye round the stable, and asked whether I would lend him one of Peat's hunting-bridles, which was hanging up, until the Tuesday following—I lent it him, but he never returned it, and I never saw him again till he was taken into custody—before the 26th of June I had seen a man named Peter House, but I did not know at that time that it was House—I had not the least idea I had such a set about me—a man named Beament also came—I permitted the prisoner to take the ponies on receiving this cheque, and on the faith that it would be paid—I should not have parted with them, except on the belief that he had authority to draw the cheque, and that there would be money to meet it when presented—I considered it exactly as cash—I have since seen one of the ponies in the streets of Oxford, with Mr. Rack straw, an attorney, riding her—they could be ridden as well as driven—they were remarkably good-tempered and docile, from never having been knocked about or ill-treated, and yet they would go at about fourteen miles an hour.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Did not the prisoner state that he came in consequence of an advertisement? A. No, he never mentioned the advertisement—they were advertised—he said he came from Mr. Hetherington—there was no one present but myself when he came the first and second times—on the third occasion my mother was present—he never mentioned the advertisement—they were only advertised once, and that was in the "Times," to the best of my recollection—my husband is a surgeon—he was in the country at the time—he was backwards and for wards for some time in search of a practice—I was left with my mother—he had left me authority to sell them—I am quite sure the prisoner mentioned the name of Mr. Hetherington—I did not mention it first—I did not refer him to Mr. Hetherington for the character of the ponies—he said he

had come from Mr. Hetherington well assured of the character of the ponies—I certainly did not refer him to Mr. Hetherington, nor did I mention his name in the first instance—to the best of my recollection he first offered 60l. for the ponies—that was not on the first visit—there was no offer made at the first visit—there were other parties after the ponies—he came and looked at them, but I told him I could not say any thing to him then, because there was another party in treaty for them—and when he came the second time, I was waiting for the other party—I had asked a higher price of the other party—I had asked the prisoner 70l.—he said it was too much for him to give, because he had to make money by them—he said the ponies were worth it—that was on the last occasion—my husband is unwell, and is not here—he was once before the Magistrate, but was not examined—Mr. Hetherington's name was mentioned on the first occasion—I did not see Mr. Hetherington between the first and second or second and third interviews with the prisoner—I had mentioned to Mr. Hetherington that we had ponies to dispose of, and he had said he would recommend us, and I believed that the prisoner came recommended by Mr. Hetherington—three or four days elapsed between the second and third interview—I cannot say how long elapsed between the first and second—the prisoner has not paid me 5l. lately on account of this transaction.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. What time in the day was it that he handed you this cheque, on the 26th of June? A. I can-not exactly say, but I should say between five and six o'clock—it was late in the afternoon.





JOHN HETHERINGTON
. I am a livery-stable keeper, in Connaughtterrace. I do not know the prisoner—I never recommended him to go to Mrs. Maddox, to see and purchase these ponies—I never saw him to my knowledge till he was at Queen-square.





ALEXANDER DIXON
. I am employed in the Southwark branch of the London and Westminster Bank, 3, Wellington-street, Borough—the prisoner opened an account there on the 18th of March this year, and paid in 20l.—it staid there about a month—he afterwards paid in another 20l., which did not stay so long—he never paid in any thing more—on the 26th of June last he had no money in our bank at all—we had reason to look for him, but could not find him—this cheque was presented for payment at our bank and refused, because we had no assets—the account was closed on the 18th of May.

Cross-examined. Q. How long has the prisoner banked with you? A. On the 18th of March the account was opened—no cheque was presented on the prisoner's behalf which I refused to pay at first, and afterwards paid—(looking at the margins of two cheques)—one of these purports to be for 30l., and is dated the 22nd of March—that is not correct—he never had 30l. at one time in our hands—this other is dated the 27th of March—I cannot say, but this might have been presented, but it was never paid, being refused—I post the cheques, and they are referred to me—I can undertake to swear neither of these cheques were first refused and afterwards paid.

COURT. Q. Had he in fact drawn out every shilling he had put in? Yes, there were a number of his cheques presented, in consequence of which the cashiers had orders not to receive any more money—that was in less than three weeks after the account had been opened—we sent to the address he had given, but could not find him—no person of that name ever lived there—he had been introduced to us by a person who formerly

kept an account with us—he left a balance of 4l. in the bank, which a person took who brought a cheque for 16l.—there was not another shilling of his in the bank.





THOMAS HENRY THOMPSON
 (police-sergeant D 4.) I apprehended the prisoner on the morning of the 9th of July, at a house at Harrow-on-the-Hill—I told him what I took him for—he said, "Then it is all over with me"—he asked me to allow him to kiss his wife and child, who were lying in the bed—on our way to town he told me that the ponies were not more than forty miles off, he could get them—he would not tell me where they were, but said he could show me—he asked me if I could make it right—I told him I did not know, I believed all the people wanted was their ponies—he said they were sold—in consequence of information I afterwards went to Oxford—I had not been ten minutes there before I met with a man and got some information, in consequence of which I went to the premises of a livery-stable keeper in St. Giles's-street, Oxford—I there saw a pony which the prosecutor claimed—it turned out to have been in the possession of Mr. Rackstraw.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you give the same account of this transaction before the Magistrate? A. I believe I did, and believe I gave more than I have been asked here—I mentioned at the office that the prisoner said it was all over with him—I believe it was taken down—it ought to have been if it was not—I signed it—I did not see what was written—what I said was taken down and read over to me—this is my handwriting—(the witness's deposition being read did not mention the expression, "It is all over with me.")
(The cheque was here read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 45.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(The prisoner had been capitally convicted of horse stealing in 1830.)
