




432. 




JOHN PHILLIPSON, alias 
John Wilson, and 




GEORGE ANDERSON, alias 
Alfred Fair,


breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Oliver Bright, at 
St. Marylebone, and stealing there in 2 dressing-cases, value 2l.; 1 ring, 35l.; and other articles; the goods of 



Edward Fleming; both having been before convicted.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY FITZSIMMONS
. On 17th Dec. I was in the service of Major-General Fleming, who was lodging in the house of Mr. Bright, in Backer-street—my mistress sent me out about seven o'clock that evening, I returned about ten minutes to eight—when I came up the stair as far as the drawing-room door, I lighted my candle from one the slab outside the drawing-room door—I smelt a great smell of lucifer matches coming from my mistress's bedroom up stairs—I went up, the door was wide open—I looked through the hinge-part of the door, and saw one man, I heard two speak—the man I saw was at the table at the foot of Mr. Fleming's bed—there were two dressing-caseand a Bible on the table—the dressing-cases were kept apart from each other, but when a looked through the door one was on the top of the other—I had seen them about six o'clock—the man was setting on e on the top of the other—I did not see him life them, but he was fixing one on the other—I took a good view of the man—it was the prisoner Phillipson—I have doubt whatever about his being the person—I shut the door, took hold of the handle, and screamed "Murder! General Fleming, there are robbers in your room"—I made as much noise as I could—I held the door outside, and they pulled inside—they got it open, rushed out, knocked me down, and kicked me—I dod not see them—it was dark—if Mr. Fleming came out of the drawing-room she would have an opportunity of seeing the persons who came down the stairs—Phillipson was brought back to the house in a few minutes—I know him again.





MARTHA GARDINER
. I am housemaid to Mr. Bright, of No. 11, Baker-street. on the evening of 17th Dec., I let in Mary Fitzsimmons—about three minutes. afterwards I heard her screaming up stairs—I thought she was in a fit—I ran up the kitchen stairs, and swa two men running down from the drawing-room stairs—I saw the face of Phillipson—the man ran round George-street—I saw Phillipson stopped—I was near him when he was stopped—I am sure he was the same person that had passed me in the house.





JOHN RAGSDALE
. I am an ironmonger, in Croydon-street. About eight o'clock, on the night of 17th Dec., I was near the corner of George-street, and Manchester street, and saw two persons running—Phillipson was one—I stopped him—Martha Gardiner was within about ten yards of him at the timeahe said he was not the person, it was the man running on the other side—I could not see the other so as to recognize him again.





JOHN COOPER
 (policeman,. D 84.) On the night of 17th Dec. I heard a cry of "stop thief!" and saw Ragsdale stop Phillipson—he said, "I am not the man"—I took him back to the prosecutor's house, searched him there, and found a latch-key and 4d., a pair of gloves, and a handkerchief—I afterwards found on him at the station this black bag, which I produce—it would hold a large quantity of things—I then returned to the prosecutor's house, and this lucifer-box was given me containing matches, and a piece of wax tapper—the latch key found on him will not open the door of the hopuse in Baker-street.





CHARLOTTE FLEMING
. I am the wife of Major-General Fleming. We were lodging at No. 11, Baker street on 17th Dec.—these two dressing-cases were on the table in my bedroom at the foot the bed—they were kept one on each side the table—they were never kept one on other—I had seen them

about six o'clock—about eight o'clock I heard Fitzsimmons call out—I was sitting by the fire reading—I instantly ran out of the drawing-room door, took up the candle that was on the slab outside the drawing-room door, and ran up stairs, and about five steps up I encountered the prisoner Anderson—he was just two steps above me on the turn of the stairs—I saw his front face—I had a candle in my hand, and it gleamed right on his face—I did not see any other person, but I heard some one rattling down the stairs in advance of Anderson—I have no doubt of Anderson being the same man I saw—I gave a description of him to the policeman directly I came down—one of these dressing cases contains my things, and the other the General's—I found this lucifer-match box on the rug outside the drawing-room door—it was open, as if thrown down, and a piece of candle on the stairs—I was present when Phillipson was brought back to the house—I said directly that he was not the man I saw—I went to the police-station on the Monday night following, saw Anderson there, and recognized him to be the man.

Anderson. Q. In what way did the person pass you? A. I can hardly say, I rather think on the banister side—they are narrow stairs—you rushed past me, and I rather think you pushed me against the wall—I think I observed you for fully two seconds, because you seemed to be puzzled how to pass me—I think I saw you for three seconds, for I saw your dress, and remarked all that you had on—you had on an open dark frock-coat, a black satin stock, or handkerchief, and I think a dark waistcoat—I told the policeman that the young man I saw had black eyes, dark hair, small features, and was between twenty-three and twenty-four years of age—I cannot tell how many persons in private clothes there were at the Police-court when I saw you—I saw a good many there—some were in a separate place—you were inside there—when I came in I turned to the left, right opposite that place—I came with the policeman, and some of my own familythe policeman told me that the person who was taken would be shown to me—he did not say upon what evidence he had taken you—I believe it was from my description—he said he thought he knew who you were—the inspector asked me if you were the man, and I said, "Yes, to the best of my belief"—I looked at you afterwards, you were very differently dressed—I paused for some time, because General Fleming had told me to be sure to look well before I said anything, and I then said, "Yes, that is the man"—I did not contradict myself afterwards—it was just about eight o'clock that I saw you in the house—I cannot say to a few minutes—it was not five minutes difference either way.





MARTHA GARDINER

re-examined. Anderson looks something like the last man I saw—I had not the same opportunity of seeing his face as I had the other's—I saw the boxes on the table about a quarter to seven o'clock, one at each side—that was the usual position in which they were kept.

Anderson. Q. Which man passed you first? A. Phillipson, and you were close behind him—I saw your back as you were going out at the door—you both pushed me against the wall—I could not have held you.





JOSEPH WARD
 (policeman, E 128.) I received information of this robbery—I know Anderson by the name of Alfred Fair—I heard he was wanting, and went to a coffee-shop in Porter-street, Leicester-square, on Monday, 20th Dec., about eight o'clock—it is about a mile and a half from Baker-street—I saw him there, and asked him to come with me—he said yes, he would go to any place with me—when we got outside the door, he asked what it was for—I said for a robbery in Baker-street—he said, 'If that is the case, I am all right"—I searched him, and found on him two handkerchiefs, three keys, some lucifer-matches, two knives, and a bad halfpenny—they were the same

✗ort of luciser-matches as those in the box found on the rug—part of them are silent matches, and part noisy—I tried one of the keys to the area-gate of No. 11, Baker-street, and found it would unlock it.

Anderson. Q. How long have you known me? A. About two years—I knew you by the name of Alfred Fair, when you lived under the Star coffeeshop, in Oxford-market—your mother told me that was your name—the superintendent asked me at the station who gave me information about you, and I said a brother constable—I had not seen you since the day before we wanted you for horse-stealing at St. Alban's—that is eighteen months ago last June—I knew you working in your own trade then—I have heard otherwise since, from various police-constables, one of whom is in Court now—I have heard that you have been in custody and convicted, and resorted with thieves.





ELIZABETH MIDDLETON
. I am employed at a Berling wool-warehouse, at 12, Baker-street. On the night of the robbery, about ten minutes to eight o'clock, I went from No. 12 to No. 10, and met two men—I passed them—I remained at No. 10 about two minutes, and as I was going back again I saw the same two men standing in the doorway of No. 11—to the best of my belief the prisoners are the two men—one was taller than the other.

Anderson. Q. In what position were they standing? A. With their backs to the door—it was raining a little.





EDWARD FLEMING
. I am a Major-general in the army. I know the contents of these boxes—one is my wife's, and the other mine—they were kept one by the side of the other—I never saw them one on the other till my maid called my attention to them that night—I picked up the red handkerchief that has been spoken of, in the bed-room—I gave it to the policeman.

Anderson. Q. Is there more than one family living in this house A. Only my own, that I know of—Mr. Bright is a dressmaker, and there are dressmakers that come to the bottom of the house—my bed-room door was unlocked—no one went into the room, after we had washed our hands for dinner, except the maid,





SARAH BRIGHT
. I am the wife of William Oliver Bright, who keeps the house, 11, Baker-street. About eight o'clock on the evening in question I heard a violent screaming, and saw two men come quickly down the stairs—I did not see their faces—I have seen the boxes side by side on the table—I never saw them one on the other—I picked up some lucifers in the room—a young lady lives with us—she had not anything to do with the General's part of the house—no one uses these stairs but the General's family and mine; the young lady does not, only in the morning and evening—there are three other young persons who sleep in the house, but they were all in another room at the time—they go up these stairs to go to their bed-room—the young persons were all in a back room at the time of the screaming, and came forward at the time.

COURT. Q. If anybody went into your area, could they go down some steps, and get into the basement part on the house? A. Yes, but there were two servants at the time in the kitchen, and they must have seen any one if they came in at the area-door.

Anderson. Q. Can you prove that none of your young people had been up those stairs that evening? A. I can, for I particularly inquired of them—they never go up of an evening—no one enters General Flemings' bed-room, not ever myself.

Phillipson's Defence. On the night question I had been to Paddington,

being a tailor, to a gentleman I worked for, an army clothier, and as I was coming down George-street, in my way home, I heard a cry of "Sop thief!" I joined in the cry; there were thirty or forty persons running; a tall man crossed the road; I stopped; a female was running behind him, and the policeman came up, and laid hold of me; I said, "It is not me, it is the other man across the road;" he looked across, and saw another man running; they took me back to the house; the lady says there were only three females there, there were about twenty in the passage; I am sure ten came out of the back parlour; they searched me, and found this bag on me; I said I was a tailor, and how I gor my living; no keys, or anything, were found on me, only a latch-key, belonging to the house where I lodge; there was a patent Bramah lock to the prosecutor's door, which was taken off, and brought to the policeoffice; it is a lodging-house, and dress-makers live in the house, and they seemed to be there that evening; the bed-room door was open, and anybody was free to go up and down stairs; no property was tied up or carried away, only these things shifted a few inches; it seems that that the servant had been in the room from six to eight, dusting or preparing for the General to go to bed; she might in her mistake have placed one box on the other to dust the table.

Anderson's Defence. No one can prove how the persons got in; no locks were broken; on the night of the robbery, from about five in the evening till nearly eleven. I was in Mr. Rowbotham's coffee-shop, sitting reading the paper and talking to the landlord; I went home at eleven, and went to my work again in the morning, and was backwards and forwards there till the Monday evening, when I was apprehended.





WILLIAM ILLSLEY
. I am waiter to Mr. Rowbotham, who keeps a coffeeshop at 13, Porter-street, Newport-market. On 17th Dec. the prisoner Anderson came there about a quarter-past six o'clock—he remained there some considerable time—I went out on business about half-past six, and came back at a quarter-past seven—he was there then, and remained there about an hour and a half after.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Is this the Mr. Rowbotham who kept the Finish? A. Yes—it is a night house—Mr. Rowbotham was in bed at the time—he goes to bed in the day time, and gets up at night—Mr. Rowbotham was up—Anderson uses our house occasionally—he was taken into custody there—I am confident this was on Friday, 17th Dec.—he was there every night—there were two or three customers in the room besides—I do not know their names—I cannot say what time any of them came in or went away—I have not said that I went out at six, and did not see him again that night—I did not swear so at the Marylebone police-court—I do not recollect it—it some time ago—I do not know whether the other customers were thieves—I am not aware that out house is frequented by thieves—it is a night house—I am the waiter—I do not wait night and day—I go to bed when it is most convenient—I did not go to bed at all that night—I cannot say what the other persons were having.





JOHN BURROWS
 (policeman, D 119.) I produce a certificate of Anderson's former conviction—(read—Convicted April, 1847, and confined six months) I was present at that trial—he is the person.





JAMES POWELL
 (policeman, C 186.) I produce a certificate of Phillipson's former conviction—(read—


John Wilson convicted Sept., 1847, and confined three months)—he is the same person.

PHILLIPSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

ANDERSON—


GUILTY
.





Transported for Seven Years.

