




1180. 




STEPHEN KENFIELD
 and 




SARAH EDSER



, stealing 1 shawl, value 1s.; and 2 pieces of patchwork, value 9d.; the goods of 



Sarah Tighe: Kenfield having been before convicted.






JAMES DRY
 I am in the service of Mrs. Sarah Tighe, of the Broadway, Deptford. I hung this shawl and patchwork up outside the door in the morning on the 28th April—the policeman came afterwards, and I missed them.





THOMAS BRIAN
 (policeman, R 184). On Saturday night, 28th of April, I saw the prisoners together—I followed them, and after they had gone a short distance, Edser left the man and went in the passage of Mrs. Tighe's shop—she came out again, and then went in and came out again, and I saw she had something—Kenfield was standing about sixty yards from the shop, but in sight of it—Edser went towards him—they then went towards his house, but he kept at a distance from her—when they got to his door he stopped till she came up, and they went in together—they lived together—I

followed them in—they locked the door of their room, and I heard her say, "Shall I go and fence them"—he said, "Let us have some more"—I went to get another officer, and when we came back Edser was gone out, and then Kenfield went out—we went down in the passage, and stopped about three hours—they then came home; I said to Kenfield, "Have you anything in your room"—he said, "No, you are welcome to look if you please"—we went, and found these things in the room.

Kenfield. Q. Why did you not take this woman at first A. I could not have caught you if I had.





GEORGE RUGSLEY
 (policeman R 287). I went to the prisoner's house—I saw the man go out—I waited about three hours, and then went into the room—these things were under the bed—the prisoners were there at the time.

Kenfield. This man came to the station door, and said, "I have got you now; I will give you fourteen years." Witness. I did not; I was passing the cell, and he said, "You have got a shilling of my money, I require something to eat"—I said, "It is not in my power to do it"—he said, "You b—r you won't do it," and struck me in the eye.

Kenfield's Defence. All I have to say is, I have bad no work all the winter—this girl is on the town and she kept me—she went out that evening and asked me if I would meet her—I said I would if my clothes were dry—I went out at twenty minutes past nine o'clock; we went to the Ship and Billet, and then returned home—the two policemen were there; I said, "What do you want here"—one said, "Were you not up New Cross-road?"—I said, "No, I was not"—I went up and unlocked the door—the officer came, turned the bed up, and there lay the patchwork and shawl—this officer has told me two or three times that he would have me.

Edser. The officer took something out of his pocket, and threw it down, and said, "That is what I want."





THOMAS BRIAN

re-examined. On my oath I did not take the things there—I had not been to the prosecutrix's shop that night—I did not see the things before they were in the prisoner's room.





ANTHONY COOPER
 (police-sergeant, P 34). I produce a certificate of Kenfield's former conviction—(read—convicted 3d July, 1844, transported for seven years)—he is the man, and this is the sixth time I have known him to be in custody since then.

KENFIELD—


GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Ten Years.

EDSER—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—



Confined Three Months.


Before Mr. Recorder.

