




694. 




WILLIAM LAWSON
 and 




JOHN RIXON
 were indicted for

 stealing 2 purses, value 3s., 6d.; 3 rings, 2l. 15s.; 2 brooches, 1l. 15s.; 1 neckchain, 4l.; 1 earring, 2s.; and 1 sovereign; the goods of 



Moses Abraham Collis, from the person of 



Hannah Collis; and that Lawson had been before convicted of felony.






HANNAH COLLIS
. I am the wife of Moses Abraham Collis. We live in (Cross-street, Saffron-hill—on Saturday afternoon, the 31st of Jan., I was passing down Long-lane, about a quarter past two o'clock—a woman came and asked her way to Islington, and several other questions—she kept on talking, and the prisoner Lawson pushed against me—I moved to allow him to pass—he then stood on the curb, and looked across the way, as if towards a shop—I then passed on—there were two men walking before me, who prevented my walking as fast as I would—before I got to the bottom of the lane a young man told me something, which induced me to look after my purse, and I missed it from my pocket—I had had it safe not a quarter of an hour before—it contained two brooches, a neck-chain, one earring, a sovereign, and a steel purse inside the velvet one—after I had moved for Lawson to pass, he stood looking over the way, then he and Rixon came behind me, and all on a sudden they rushed past me, and then the young man told me they had got my purse.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. I suppose by saying you had your purse a quarter of an hour before, you mean you had it when you left home? A. I know it was safe when I was near the brewhouse in Chiswell-street—there was a party in Long-lane that morning who was taken up on suspicion of this charge on the day of the robbery, but he was taller than either of these boys, and he was not tne person I saw run away—I might say at the police-office, "They were given to me in this Court on Wednesday, when another party, whom I had observed in Long-lane, was in custody on suspicion"—if I stated if it was true—the things produced were brought to me by a young woman—they were thrown into my house after I left my house—all the articles I lost, except the steel purse, the sovereign, and the earring, and some memorandums—here

is the velvet purse, the rings, and the brooches—they are mine.

COURT. Q. Are you sure of the two persons whom you saw run past you and run away? A. Yes, they were the prisoners—I saw the person who was taken and discharged in Long-lane, but I did not see him run away—he was not with the prisoners—that third man was walking before me with another man, and they were joking, so that I could hardly walk as fast as I wished—the prisoners were behind me, and they had the best opportunity of getting at my pocket.





JOHN SEACOMB
. I am a sadler, and live in Long-lane. On Saturday, the 31st of Jan., I was standing at my shop door—I saw Mrs. Collis go by the door—Lawson put his hand into her pocket, and took something out of it, which was blue—Rixon was with him—when Lawson got his hand out of her pocket they ran away together—I am sure they are the persons—I had seen them together before as associates.

Cross-examined. Q. How far were they from you? A. Two or three yards—the lady was walking first, and they were behind her.





BENJAMIN ADAMS
 (City police-constable, No. 214.) I know the prisoners—I have seen them several times together—I took them into custody.

Cross-examined. Q. When? A. On Sunday, Feb. the 8th, a week after the robbery—I took the other person into custody on the Saturday that this occurred—I took him before the Magistrate—he was sent to Bridewell for fourteen days.





HENRY MONTAGUE
 (City police-constable, No. 481.) I produce a certificate of Lawson's former conviction, by the name of James Gill—(read—Convicted the 7th of April, 1845, and confined four months)—the prisoner is the person—this is the third time he has been here.

LAWSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.


RIXON—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined Six Months.

