



1645. 




THOMAS LEATHER



, feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Bennett, at the precinct of 
Norwood, and stealing 1 coat, I waistcoat, and other articles, value 5l. 10s.; I sovereign; and 20 shillings; his property.






JOHN BENNETT
. I am a labourer, living at Southall in the precinct of Norwood. On Sunday morning, 11th June, I left my cottage with my wife about half-past ten o'clock—I locked the house up and put the key into my pocket—I returned about two in the afternoon, found some panes broken in the window, which was unbolted—a person could put their hand in through the broken glass and unbolt it—some provisions had been brought from the pantry into the front room, and a portion had been eaten or taken away—one tea-caddy had been broken open and another had been unlocked by a false key—I missed two silver watches, two gold seals, two keys, and a ring; a seal with "W. H." on it, a brooch, an eye-glass, several teaspoons, some black clothes, a silk handkerchief, and shawl, one sovereign, and 1l. worth of silver—I gave information to the police.





THOMAS SAUNDERS
. On Sunday morning, 11th June, I met the prisoner and two other men going along the canal, in the direction of Bennett's cottage, and about one o'clock I met him again alone, as though returning from that direction—I know him very well—I cannot say whether he had anything with him the second time.

Prisoner. Q. How far was I from Bennett's house when you met me first? A. More than a mile—the way you were going would take you to Brentford and Hounslow, and other places—you were more than a mile from Bennett's when I saw you the second time.





HENRY ROSEBLADE
 (policeman, T 99.) On 11th June I heard of the robbery, and went to Bennett's cottage, which adjoins the canal—I traced some footmarks from the canal side, five or six yards from the back door, to a field and to a hole in the edge—I went into the garden—I noticed top pane of glass broken and the bolt pulled down, and the bottom pane broken and the bolt slipped up—on going into the house I saw the things all turned upside down and scattered about—my brother constable apprehended the prisoner on the 14th—I took him to the place, and put his foot down close alongside the old footmark, and they corresponded—I noticed the impression of pretty well every nail in the shoe—it was hardly so plain when we came back again, because there had been a little rain, but the length of the foot exactly corresponded.

Prisoner. Q. Was there any rain between the 11th and 14th? A. There was some rain on the afternoon after the robbery—I did not cover over the footsteps, but one was close to the hedge and the rain did not wash that out much—these are the shoes (produced)—the impression seemed to be made by the left shoe—you tried to tread the footmark out while we were comparing it—there is a tip to the shoe—that corresponded—I received information of the robbery on the Sunday, and on the Wednesday I was told you were gone to London, and learned where you had purchased things, and when you came back I received information that you had passed through the village

in a new suit of clothes; we went after you, and took you in about half-an-hour, but you had changed your clothes by that time.





NORRIS LEE
 (policeman, T 94.) I saw the state of the house and the footmarks—I found the prisoner at half-past six o'clock on the evening of 14th June, at a beer-shop, at Hayes—I told him the charge, and asked what he had done with the new suit of clothes—he said he had none on—he afterwards said if he had it was no business of anybody.

Primer. Q. Did you trace my footmarks in the field? A. Yes, up to the towing-path—in one mark on the path I counted twelve nails on the outside and ten in the middle, and also the tip, and when I showed you the marks you said there were plenty like it—your shoes exactly corresponded with the marks—you tried to push them out several times—after you were committed you told me you had pledged one of the watches at James Gideon's, 19, Stafford-street, Lisson-grove—I went there and took it out of pawn.





ANN LEAR
. I live at 25, Chapel-street, Edgware-road. On Monday, 12th June, the prisoner gave me this shawl and handkerchief to pledge—I took them two or three doors from where I live and pawned them in the name of Ann Smith—the prisoner went with me—I gave him the money and tickets.

Prisoner. Q. In whose possession did they come to Mrs. Robinson's louse, where you were? A. I do not know—I was not there at the time—I do not know the name of the man that went home with me that night—he is called Black George—you were all there at breakfast next morning—you and Black George went out together to fetch it—I knew Black George before—I cannot say whether he or you brought the things, but I had them from you—I pawned them in the name of Smith because that is my maiden name, and I always pledge in that name.





CHARLES REEVE
. I am a pawnbroker, at 14, Chapel-street, Edgware-road. This shawl was pledged with me on 12th June, by Lear.





AUGUSTINE THOMAS FISK
. I am a pawnbroker, at 14, St. Alban's-place, Edgware-road. I have some clothes pledged for 30s. by a man—the prisoner was with him.





JAMES GIDEON
. I am a pawnbroker, at 19, Stafford-street, Lisson-grove. I have a watch pledged on 12th June, for 25s., I believe by the prisoner.





SARAH BENNETT
. I am the prosecutor's wife. This shawl and ring are mine, and were lost when the house was robbed.





JOHN BENNETT

re-examined. This is ray watch—it was taken from a pocket over the bed—I also lost another from a box that was broken open—that I have not recovered—the prisoner sent for me after bis hearing at Brentford, and told me he had sold it for a sovereign on Saturday week—I told him the other watch was in a little leather bag; and he said he knew that, and the leather bag was left up stairs on the drawers, which it was; and unless he had been in the house he could not have told that—I told him the other watch was going at the time—he said, "I know it was"—my house is in the precinct of Norwood, in the parish of Hayes—I pay no rates—I am a servant to the Grand Junction Canal Company, and they pay the rates.





HENRY ROSEBLADE

re-examined. The prosecutor's house is in the precinct of Norwood, in the parish of Hayes—it has always been called so since I have known the place, which is four or five years—it is a small village, just out of the bounds of Hayes' parish—all our orders are made out, "In the precinct of Norwood, in the parish of Hayes"—(The Court was of opinion that the description of the locality was not sufficiently proved.)

Prisoner's Defence. I received the things from Black George; I told the

prosecutor where to find all that I had pledged; I did not mention anything of the kind to him that he states.




GUILTY
of Larceny
.**Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years
,
