



184. 




JOHN ROWLAND
 was indicted

 for stealing 200 yards of crape gauze, value 180l., and 1 box, 6s. the goods of the 

Great Western Railway Company, his masters.—Six other Counts, stating the property to belong to different parties.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
NEALE
conducted the Prosecution






WILLIAM HARDISTY
, crape-manufacturer, Shepton Mallett. I am in the habit of sending crape gauze from time to time from the Bath station by the Great Western Railway to Baylis and Co., in Gutter-lane—it is in an unfinished state when I send it, and is called crape gauze—Baylis and Co. do something which makes it crape—on the 17th of Feb. I sent a box by the wagon containing a quantity of crape gauze, worth 180l., to Baylis and Co.—the box was in the habit of travelling backwards and forwards by the railway—this is the invoice of goods sent on the 17th of Feb.—it was prepared in my house—these crapes which are here are not in a saleable state, and are all of my manufacture—the marks on these crapes correspond with the marks in the invoice—I have looked particularly at one piece of this crape, and find a particular mark on it, which indicates a certain quality, which we call No. 4 treble—we supplied that quality and mark to Baylis and Co. that day,

and to no one else—a day or two after I heard that the parcel had not arrived—I never saw nor beard of any of the crapet again till they were before the Magistrate—there are about leven packets and a half here—I lost twentynine packets in all—that quantity of goods would weigh 861bs., and the box about 30lbs.—some of these crapes have been dyed black since they were transmitted, and some are what the dyers call boiled off, which does not in the least interfere with my recognition of them as my manufacture—they were sent by Kelly, the carman.

Cross-examined by
MR. CARTEEN. Q. Do you know who packed this box? A. No; I should say my ton did—this invoice is in his handwriting—he is not here—I cannot say that I saw the box before it was sent—I passed the whole of the crape from the weavers before it was pat into the box—that box and crape ought to have gone that day.





JOHN FORED
. I am in the service of Kelly, a waggoner—I received a parcel from Mr. Hardisty, of Shepton Mallett, on Friday evening—here is the bill of it—I took it to the Bath station and had it weighed there—I deposited it with the officer at the station about six o'clock on Saturday morning—I knew the box before, and had been in the habit of carrying it backwards and forwards.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you tee the box weighed? A. I do not think I did—Mr. Hardisty's man, Snoller, gave me the box in presence of Mr. Kelly.





NATHANIEL LOADIE
. I am employed by the Great Western Railway Company at the Bath station—on the 18th of February I received a box consigned to Baylis and Co., of London—I was present when it was weighed.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you take down from your own knowledge of the weight, or from somebody calling it over? A. From some one calling it over—I do not adjust the weights.

MR. BODKIN. Q. There was one at the scale, and you were taking down the weights? A. Yes, it weighed lewt. 1qr. 4lb.—the goods train would leave Bath for London at half-past ten o'clock that night—I was present when truck 170 was packed—this box was packed in it.





WILLIAM HARDISTY

re-examined, I found that these goods, which ought to have gone on the 17th of February, were missing from the warehouse on the 18th, and were there on the 17th.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. At the time they were supposed to have been packed, what quantity of this sort of crape had you in the factory? A. I do not know—we never keep more than eight or ten piece—I could tell what were mining from the warehouse from what were left—it is generally my habit to examine it every Saturday night—I can undertake to swear that a fortnight after this stock was not in my warehouse, because the stock would not agree with it—I examined the stock the Saturday week after—I will not swear that on the Monday between the two Saturdays this was not in my stock—these are not all the goods I transmitted to town, and the same mark would be applicable to all.

COURT. Q. Are you able to state that that 86lbt. weight of crape was gone, and was not in your warehouse on the 18th? A. Yes, I had not more than ten or twelve packets besides these twenty-nine—the turn total I had on the 17th was about forty-four packets—that would be about 8000 yards, and on the 17th twenty-nine packets ought to have gone, which would be about 2000 yards.

MR. NEALE. Q. You say these forty-four were not in your warehouse a fortnight afterwards, had you taken stock a fortnight after the 17th? A. Yes; on the 17th I passed twenty-nine packets of property of this description

out of my warehouse—this accords with what was sent off—I passed it from the weavers, but did not pack it—in passing it I saw it as I do now—I took stock, and knew that this quantity was gone.





JOB KERTON
. I am porter at the Bath station of the railway. On the 18th of February last a box came there by Kelly's cart, directed to Baylis and Co., of London—I weighed it—it was lcwt lqr. 41bs.—I knew the box before, as belonging to Mr. Hardisty—I assisted in packing the truck No. 170—the box was packed in that truck—it did not contain any goods, except those that were to go all the way to London—the train left Bath at half-past ten o'clock on the Saturday night—the box was bound round with cord, and clasped at the end with sheet iron—I knew it was full by the weight.





NATHANIEL LOADER

re-examined I prepared the way bill for this train—it was examined with it, and contains this box.





NICHOLAS HARRIS
. I am guard of the Great Western Railway. I came up with the train that night—we left Bath at half-past ten o'clock, and got to London about eight o'clock on Sunday morning—I remember the truck No. 170, which contained goods for London only—on its arrival in London it was in the same state as when it left Bath—I had no occasion to open it.





THOMAS BISHOP
. I am porter in the goods department of the railway. In February last I was stationed at the terminus at Paddington—the goods train, which left on Saturday night from Bath, would arrive on Sunday, and would have remained uninterfered with till the Monday morning. On the Sunday before that Monday 1 was on duty at the terminus—the prisoner, who was in the Company's employ, ought to have come on duty that night at twelve o'clock, and on Monday morning it was his duty to get out the carrier's goods from the truck No. 170, and then it was my duty to get out the goods of the Company—I came at six o'clock on Monday morning—I found the prisoner there—the carriers' goods were unpacked, and the carriers' wagon was there—I then went to unpack my things—one of them was a box, directed to Baylis and Co.—I looked for it, but could not find it—I asked the prisoner if he had seen my box—he said, "No "—the carrier's wagon was not gone then—before I spoke to the prisoner he had not said anything about any box being missed—it would not be his duty to interfere with that box at all—I did not examine the carrier's wagon.





THOMAS TAYLOR
. I was a policeman in charge at the lodge-gate, at the terminus, through which-the goods are brought in and out—I came on duty about seven o'clock on Sunday evening, and remained till six on Monday morning—I was there when the carrier's wagon came—during that time nothing was taken out—nothing goes out except with a pass-ticket.





MARTIN PHARD
 (policeman.) I came on duty at six o'clock in the morning of Sunday, the 19th, before the train got up from Bath, and remained on duty till two on Sunday—no goods went out during that time.





SAMUEL PAIN
, carpenter, Lambeth-square. The prisoner lodged at my house—I remember his getting a situation in the Penitentiary, at the end of September—he then proposed to come to some arrangement with me about what he owed me, which was 8l. and some shillings—I asked him for some money—he said he had not got money, but he had-something up stairs in his box to dispose of, that he believed were smuggled goods—in consequence of that I went up to his room after he was gone, and found his box there, which had been there ever since 1 had removed from Southampton-street, which was on the 14th of August—he lodged there with me—I first saw the box in March—I opened it, and found it contained a quantity of this sort of stuff—I did not know what they were—I spoke to Mills about it, and showed him a piece—he took some steps to endeavour to sell it—he said

they had better be dyed—some were taken to the dyer's, and then my wife and Mr. Mills were sent to sell it.





ELIZABETH PAIN
. I am the wife of Samuel Pain. I and Mr. Mills went to offer some of this crape for sale at Mr. Hackett's, in Westminster-road—he referred us to Grout and Co., near the Post-office—when we got there they appointed for us to go on another day—we went, and these things were stopped—we gave our address—we were afterwards called before the Magistrate as witnesses.





JOSEPH MILLS
. I lodge at Pain's house—he consulted with me about this crape—I did not see it in the box—he took it out, and I advised him to have some dyed—it was dyed—my wife went out with his wife, and it was stopped.





JOSEPH COLLARD
. I am superintendant of the police of the Great Western Railway. I remember the loss of this box—it was not heard of till the last fortnight—the prisoner left the service soon after the box was lost—I heard of the stoppage of this crape at Grout's—I went in search of the prisoner, and found he was employed at the Penitentiary—about eight o'clock in the morning of the 16th of Nov. I went there in a cab, but did not find him—as I was driving away I saw him about a quarter of a mile off—I drove up and said to him, "Rowland, what are you doing? you were absent from the Penitentiary last night; you are wanted there"—he said, "I suppose it is you that want me"—I said, "I do; you must consider yourself in custody for having stolen a box from the station last Feb."—he said, "I know nothing about it"—I took him into the cab—I called at the Penitentiary to let them know that I had him; then took him to the Police-court—as we were going, he asked if I had got the people in custody with whom he was lodging—I said, "No; I wanted to apprehend the man, but he warout of the way"—he said, "Ah, if you had got them they would be no use to you; they know nothing about it"—I had not said anything to him about the lodgings or the people—I cautioned him, that whatever he said to me would be used as evidence—he replied, "I will say no more."

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you not say, "Whatever you say to me I shall give in evidence," to which he made no answer? A. I will not say positively, but I believe it was as I tell you now—I do not think I spoke to his employers at the Penitentiary when I called with him; I had told them previously—I think I can swear that I did not tell them in his presence that some persons were found selling crape which was contained in a box—I will not swear I did not.





HENRY GOFFE
. I am in the employ of Grout and Co. I remember Pain and Mills bringing these things—I appointed them to come again—they left the parcel, and brought some more on the Monday, and were taken—these crapes are in an unfinished state, and are not marketable—some of them have been scalded, and others dyed black.





WILLIAM THOMPSON
. I was warehouseman to John and James Baylis and Co., in Gutter-lane, in Feb.—I had been with them since the 7th of Jan., and left in June—they were in the habit of receiving crapes in an unfinished state from Mr. Hardisty, by the Great Western Railway, twice a week—they came in a box, which was returned—this invoice arrived by the post on Saturday, the 18th—the box it referred to never came to hand—I never remember, during the course of business from January to June, any instance of any goods not coming according to the invoice, or any loss, with this exception—Baylis and Co. never disposed of any articles in this state—I have looked at all the marks on this invoice, with reference to the marks on these goods, and they correspond.






CHARLES MASSEY
. I am superintendent of the goods department of the Great Western Railway. When goods arrive at seven or eight o'clock on Sunday they are not to travel on Sunday, but are delivered on the Monday morning.





JAMES FELL
. I am clerk to the Magistrate. I attended the first examination of the prisoner—he made a statement, which I took down and read over to him—(read)—"Seven weeks ago last Sunday the crape was sent to me tied up in a parcel; it was directed to me at No. 3, Lambeth-square. The man rang the bell; I went and answered it; he asked me if there was a man named Rowland lived there; I said, 'Yes, I am the person, what have you got there?' he said 'There is a parcel for you.' I asked where it came from; he shut the door, and walked away. I did not know who the crape belonged to; I never saw the man before or since. I took the crape up stairs, put it into my box, and turned the key on it. I went to my situation on the Monday morning, and have not seen the crape since till now."




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Seven Years.

