







1105. 




ROBERT CRAWLEY,



 EDMUND BROWN,



 THOMAS HARRIS
, and 




JOHN DAVIS
 were again indicted for

burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




James Piercey, at 
St. George Hanover-square, about three o'clock in the night of the 
16th of February with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 fork, value 10s.; 1 spoon, value 5s.; 2 1/2 lbs. weight of cigars, value 1l.; 21 pence, 101 halfpence, and 6 farthings, his property; and that Davis had been before convicted of felony; to which


CRAWLEY pleaded 


GUILTY
.

BROWN pleaded 


GUILTY
.




Transported for Ten Years.





JAMES PIERCEY
. I keep the White Horse public-house, St. George's-place, Knightsbridge, in the parish of St. George Hanover-square. I have a flap in the street which leads down into the cellar—it is a heavy flap, and requires two men to lift it—it was fastened with bolts, but I could not swear it was bolted on the night of the robbery—I was aroused about ten minutes before three o'clock in the morning of the 17th of February—I went down, and found Brown and Crawley in custody of two constables—the door leading to the cellar was open, and the bar-parlour door also—it had been picked and forced open—the cellar-door had a button to it—I lighted the gas, and found the till at the bar-counter half open—I missed all the halfpence, sixpences, fourpenny pieces, and a few farthings—I think there was about 5s. worth of halfpence—my desk was broken open, and a silver fork, a spoon, and a pair of spectacles gone, and almost every paper in the desk rummaged about—I missed a box of cigars from a closet—I went into the cellar with the constable, and found the halfpence, cigar-box, and crow-bar all behind a gin-cask, also a silver spoon and fork, some lucifer matches, and a piece of wax candle—the cellar-flap opens into the street—one of the bolts of that flap have been lost—there is a flight of stairs leading from the cellar to the bar—I had locked the bar-parlour door the previous evening—the knife produced is mine.





WILLIAM KENWARD
. I am a private watchman in the barrack-yard, at the back of the prosecutor's house. On the morning of the 17th of February, soon after two o'clock, I saw five men at the top of the barrack yard close to the side of Mr. Piercey's—they were standing talking—I heard one of them say it was easily lifted up—they then went towards Wilton-place—about a quarter of an hour afterwards four of them returned, and stood a minute or two at the corner of the public-house where they had stood before—they then went round the corner to the front of the house, where the cellar-flap is—I heard them say, "Up with it, up with it, look sharp"—two crossed over, and sat on the railings of Hyde-park—I went up the yard, and looked at Mr. Piercey's door—the two who sat by the park went up towards Hyde-park-corner—I cannot say who they were I was not sufficiently close—I saw Twitchett following them—the park railing is about fifty yards from the house, just opposite the house—it is the width of the road—Twitchett came part of the way towards me—there was a screaming heard near Hyde-park-corner—he went there, and I waited at the cellar-flap to see that nobody came up until he returned—I then told him what I had heard, and waited while he went to look for the other two persons—he could not find them, but brought a policeman with him—they lifted up the flap, and went down—I waited outside—I afterwards found the prisoners in custody—the two persons had got about twice the width

of the road, when the constable came up—it was after I heard them say "Up with it," that the two separated themselves from the other two.





EZRA TWITCHETT
 (police-constable B 114.) About two o'clock in the morning of the 17th of February, I was passing along Park-side opposite St. George's-place, on duty, and saw the prisoners Harris and Davis there—the other two were on the other side of the way—I followed Harris and Davis to Hyde-park-corner, then proceeded down St. George's-place, and saw Crawley and Brown there, about three doors from the public-house—Harris and Davis were on the opposite side of the road, directly opposite the prosecutor's house, when I first saw them—I afterwards saw Kenward—I returned to St. George's-place, and Kenward told me what he had seen—I went to see if I could find Harris and Davis, but I could not, and returned—I went down into the cellar, and heard somebody in the parlour—while I was in the cellar, Brown and Crawley came down from the parlour, and I took them—I found a quantity of things disturbed in the house—I and Upchurch apprehended Davis and Harris together at eleven o'clock next morning in the Broadway, Westminster—when we got to Queen-square we told them they were the persons who were in St. George's-place—they said they knew nothing of the other two prisoners, and that they were not in St. George's-place—I am certain I had seen them opposite the prosecutor's house that night—they are the two men who went from Park-side—they were exactly opposite the prosecutor's house—the first time I saw them was about one o'clock—they were then all four together.





WILLIAM UPCHURCH
. I am a policeman. I was with Twitchett when he took Davis—he made a violent resistance—I took Harris—on the morning of the day before I had seen Harris and Davis with Crawley, Brown, and another person in Orchard-street, Westminster, a few yards from Nos. 10 and 11, New Way-square—the knife the prosecutor has identified was found on Crawley.





JOHN VASEY
. I live opposite Nos. 10 and 11, New Way-square. I have seen the four prisoners in both those houses, going from house to house—I have seen them all in company together frequently.

Harris's Defence. On the night this robbery was done I was at my sister's.

Davis's Defence. I am innocent of the charge; the other two prisoners know I was not with them; they took me in the Broadway, and almost choked me; I would not go; they caught hold of my collar, and I walked quietly afterwards.





EZRA TWITCHETT

re-examined. I have no doubt of Davis being one of the two.





JAMES BROOK
 (police-constable L 118.) I produce a certificate of Davis's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at his trial—he was tried by the name of John Edwards—I know him to be the person, and knew him before.

HARRIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

DAVIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.




Transported for Ten Years


Before Edward Bullock, Esq.

