



1892. 




WILLIAM MORRIS
 was indicted

 for stealing on the 2nd of June, 2 handkerchiefs, value 6s. the goods of 



John Hatton, from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.







JOHN HATTON
. I am an upholsterer. On the 2nd of June I was at the Marquis of Anglesea public-house, at the corner of William-street, Marylebone. I went in between four and five o'clock to take a pint of porter—I entered into conversation, and soon after J put my hand into my pocket, and missed two handkerchiefs—I made it known that I had been robbed, but by whom I did not know—my handkerchiefs are lost altogether.





WILLIAM HENRY MAYBANK
. I am a servant out of place. I was at the Marquis of Anglesea public-house talking with the prosecutor—I saw the prisoner come in at the side-door, and take a handkerchief out of the prosecutor's pocket—I only saw him take one handkerchief—he winked at me, and smiled at the same time—the conviction on my mind was, that it was a joke, because the room was full of people—no one noticed him, but myself—he went out again immediately.





EDWARD HURCOMBE
. I keep a cheesemonger's shop, opposite the public-house—I do not remember the day, but about a month back I was standing at my door, and saw the prisoner come out of the public-house with two handkerchiefs in his hand, and he was trying to put them into his pocket—he ran down the street, and as he ran they both fell out down the lining of his pocket—I called to him—he came back, picked them up, and ran away again—I am sure he is the person—I went over and spoke of it, and the prosecutor said he had lost his handkerchiefs.





GEORGE HEALEY
 (police-constable D 42.) I took the prisoner last Sunday night, a little before twelve o'clock, in Oxford-street—he dropped down his head when he saw me—I turned back, and followed him—I tapped him on the shoulder, and said, "Dumpey, I want you for the two handkerchiefs stolen at the Marquis of Anglesea"—he said, "I know nothing about them"—as we were going along he said, "Will they floor me this time?"—I said, "I don't know"—he said, "I don't care if they do, I can do no good in this country."





JOHN TURNER
 (police-constable D 39.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
