



1910. 




JOHN SMITH



, stealing 1 watch, value 8l.; the goods of 



Emily Farrer, in the dwelling-house of 



Joseph Sherwood.






EMILY FARRER
. I am single, and reside at 6, Crawford-street, Bryanston-square. About two months ago the prisoner came to my house—I did not know him before—he introduced himself as Lord Barnard—he gave a note to the servant, it was put on the mantel-piece—the prisoner came in afterwards—I do not know whether he saw the note—my watch was on the mantelpiece at that time—it was very much out of repair—he said he would get it repaired—I said, "No"—he said he would buy me a new one—he went away soon after, and I believe he took the watch with him—I did not authorize or allow him to take it—I met him about a month afterwards, in Regent-street—I accused him of taking the watch—he said he had done so to get it repaired—I did not call him Lord Barnard—I told him I thought he was a thief—he gave me a note—I have not got it here, I have forgotten both the notes, but I have sent a person for them—his sister brought the watch to my house last Sunday—that was since the prisoner has been in custody—this is my watch (produced)—I did not try to find the direction of his lordship.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. Do you live by yourself? A. I do—I have lodgings of my own—I objected to Lord Barnard taking my watch—I would not allow anybody to take anything to be repaired—I did not get very friendly with the prisoner—there is not a bed-room attached to my room—the bed-room is up stairs—I was not in the bed-room with the prisoner—there is not a sofa in my room—he did not stay with me two or three hours—he was not with me more than an hour—he said he should like a cup of tea, and I made him some—we drank tea together—we were talking during the time—I believe I told him how long I had been living in that street—I do not remember what conversation took place—it was merely about the watch—he said he would take it, and get it mended.

COURT. Q. Did you authorize him to take it? A. No—when it was brought back, it was not in a state of good repair—it was just as it was before.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.

