



1585. 




JESSE BUTCHER
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 sheep, value 2l. 13s., the property of 



Joseph Ginger.—2nd COUNT, for killing the sheep with intent to steal the carcass.






JOSEPH GINGER.
 I am a butcher, and live at Little Stanmore. On the 26th of June, about half-past three o'clock, I was called to my field—there had been a sheep there—I found a dead sheep in a wheel-barrow in a lane leading from the field—it was my sheep, I had seen it safe the afternoon before; I can swear it was mine.





JOHN BAGSHAW
 (policeman.) On the 26th of June, about a quarter-past three o'clock, I was on duty—I went into Mr. Ginger's field, and saw a sheep lying dead there with its throat cut, and the skin of the right leg was cut from the hoof to the belly—it was cold then—it appeared to have been killed about

an hour; it was stiff—I saw the prisoner lying about four yards from the sheep, asleep in a ditch—I tied his hands together, he immediately began to struggle, and in struggling I saw a knife lying underneath his thigh—there was blood on the blade and handle, there was also some small hairs on it—he was the knife in my hand, and said, "That is my knife, give it me you b—r"—his right coat-pocket was turned inside out—there was good deal of blood on it—I examined his coat at the station, and saw blood under the right collar, on the shoulder, and on the skirt—I saw Cooper pick up a smock frock about seven yards from the prisoner—he saw it lying on the table in the morning, before going before the Magistrate, and said, "That is mine."





JOSEPH COOPER.
 (policeman.) I went into field where the prisoner was, and saw a smock frock about four yards from the prisoner and seven yards from the sheep—I produce the frock—there is blood at the bottom of it.

Prisoner. Q. In what state was I when you found me in the ditch? A. Under the influence of liquor.





SAMUEL ELLIS
 (police-sergeant.) The prisoner was brought to the station—he was slightly intoxicated—his hands were very bloody.

Prisoner's Defence. My hands were not bloody; I put on a clean frock and handkerchief on 25th June, came to Edgeware, and had a good deal to drink; a young chap picked up a quarrel with me; we began fighting; I dare say the blood might have come on my frock then; I went to a hedge and slept there, and afterwards was going to my work, and the chaps I had been quarrelling with, followed me down the lane, I got over the rails, got out of their sight, and fell asleep, and was found there.




GUILTY. Aged 24.—


Transported For Seven Years.

