



935. 




WILLIAM WESTON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
26th of February, 1 opera-glass, value 1l., the goods of 



Edward Clare, from his person.






EDWARD CLARE
. I am a professor of music. On the 26th of February I was in the lobby of the pit of Drury-lane theatre—I had an opera-glass in ray left hand coat-pocket—I am quite sure it was there—there were a great many persons there, but I was very late, and was behind them—there were not many people where I was—I felt something go from the pocket in which this glass was—I turned immediately to my left, and the prisoner was standing close by me—I said to him, "What have you done?"—he said something, but I cannot remember what, and at that instant the glass fell—I cannot say from whom, but it certainly did not fall from my pocket—it fell before the prisoner—the officer took it up—this is it—(looking at it)—when I spoke to the prisoner, I thought he was the person who took it.





JOHN JAMES BARNARD
. I am a policeman. I was at the theatre on the 26th, the night her Majesty went there—I was in plain clothes—I saw

the prisoner in the lobby—I watched him for twenty minutes or half-an-hour—I saw him sound five different gentlemen's pockets—he worked his way in with the crowd, and I saw him go behind the prosecutor, and get close to him—the prosecutor said something to him, and I saw this glass fill from the prisoner's left hand, on to my feet—I picked it up, and my brother officer took the prisoner—I found on him two silk handkerchiefs, two pairs of gloves, two keys, five duplicates, and one counterfeit shilling, but no good money at all.





JOHN DAVIES WHITE
. I am an officer. I was there in plain clothes—I saw the prisoner make several attempts at gentlemen's pockets, by lifting them up—he then went behind the prosecutor, and I saw the opera-glass in his hand—the moment the prosecutor turned, he dropped it, and I took him into custody.

Prisoner's Defence. The handkerchiefs and gloves are my own—I was not there two minutes—I got into the crowd, and could not go backwards, nor forwards—I am not guilty of anything of the kind—I never attempted to touch any one.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.
