




2381. 




CORNELIUS KNOX
 and 




CHARLES QUIN
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
7th of September, 1 shawl, value 10s., the goods of 



Edward Mann.






ELIZABETH MANN
. I am the wife of Edward Mann, a sailor, living in Henry-street, Woolwich. About eleven or twelve o'clock, in the morning of the 7th of September, I saw my shawl safe on a chair in the room—I missed it in five or ten minutes after—the prisoners, who are marines, were at my house that day—they were not there when I missed it, but they were there after I had seen it safe, I am sure of that—this is the shawl—(examining one)—there was another young woman with me—the prisoners came to see a young man who was there—I am an unfortunate woman—they had neither of them been sleeping there—I cannot say exactly at what time they came, I think about eight o'clock—they went away between eleven and twelve—they had been sitting with another young man belonging to their company—I swear that they were the only two men that were up stairs.

Knox. Q. What was the reason you did not prosecute Daniel Gray? A. He was down stairs, and you two had been up stairs where the shawl was—Gray was not up stairs after I saw the shawl safe—he was not in bed with me.

JURY. Q. Did the prisoners go away together? A. Knox went first, and Quin after him.





MARY ANN FARAN
. I am the wife of Edward Faran, and live opposite the prosecutor's house. On the 7th of September I saw a soldier throw a shawl from the window, and another caught it—I should not know the men again—they were two artillery-men—I believe this to be the shawl—the man who caught it took a handkerchief from his bosom, wrapped the shawl up in it, and went away with it.

Knox. Q. Could you tell whether they were horse or foot artillery? A. I could not; I only speak to the shawl.





GEORGE JONES
. I produce this shawl, which was pledged by the prisoner Knox, on the 7th of September, in the name of John Quin.





URIAH EDEN
 (police-constable R 81.) I took the prisoners on the 9th of September—Knox said it was done in a drunken spree.


KNOX—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

QUIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.




Transported for seven Years.
