





308. 




THOMAS WHITE,



 GEORGE KIMBLEY
, and 



ELIZABETH WHITE



, stealing 92 feet of plate-glass, and 3 boxes, value 15l. 3s.; the goods of 



Barnett Moss, in his dwelling-house; to which


KIMBLEY pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.


MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM COLLINS
. I am foreman to Barnett Moss, a glassman, of Leman-street, in the parish of St. Mary, Whitechapel. On 1st Dec. we had twenty boxes of plate-glass deposited there—the policeman called on Saturday morning, 9th Dee., and I missed three of the boxes; this is one of them, nearly entire—the plates in this were eighteen by fourteen inches—they were intended for silvering—the value of one of them, with its contents, was about 5l.—here is one square of plate-glass entire—there were twelve plates of this size in one box—the plates in the others-were smaller—this one unsilvered is worth 6s. 11d.—they are bought by the inch—here is the mark of the size of the plates on the bottom of this box—there is no mark of mine on it—here is one marked "24, 16 12;" that is twenty-four plates, each sixteen by twelve—these are precisely the sizes that are missing—the remaining boxes arc marked in the same way, with the company's mark.





THOMAS KELLY
 (police-sergeant, H 2). On Friday, 8th Dec, I and Giffbrd followed four men into Petticoat-lane—we could not get near enough to see who they were—we lost sight of them all at once in Petticoat-lane—we concealed ourselves in a house opposite to 8, Flower-and-Dean-street—we watched, and saw Thomas White, Kimbley, and two other men, go into No. 8—Gifford went off to get more assistance—before he returned Kimbley came out of No. 8, with a number of squares of glass under his arm—when he got about thirty yards I took him—we had a struggle, and some of the glass was broken.





ROBERT GIFFORD
 (policeman, H 89). I was with Kelly, and saw White and Kimbley go into the house, and two other men—I went to get assistance—when I returned Kelly had hold of Kimbley—they were struggling—I went to Kelly's assistance—I then went with another officer into the passage of the house we had been watching—I saw White in the passage, coining towards me, with some squares of glass under his arm—I afterwards found there were three—he saw me—he retreated back a few steps, and was in the act of putting the glass down, when I collared him—he struggled very hard to get away—with the assistance of another officer I dragged him out of the house—I left him outside, in charge—White was taken five or six minutes after he went in—the other two men escaped, the place is like a rabbit-warren—I immediately returned to the house, and found Elizabeth White at the foot of

the stairs, in custody of another officer—I went into the first-floor front room, occupied by Elizabeth White—I have seen her go in and out there—I have known her some time—I found a letter there addressed to Elizabeth Earl—the landlady said it was her room—I found on the bed four squares of plate-glass, and in the room this part of a broken box, and in the cupboard this apron-full of wood broken up, and this other quantity of broken pieces of wood—I picked out the pieces with marks on them—if a box or two of this description had been broken up, they would have had just this appearance—I found two other women in the bilk room; they were taken to the stition, as I found a small portion of the pieces of wood in their room—I went with them—they were locked up in the same cell with Elizabeth White—she said to them, "Don't cry; you will be turned up to-morrow; I would not have given it to you if 1 had thought it would have brought you into trouble; but mind, to-morrow we all know nothing"—one of the women said, "You ought not to have given it to us"—White said, "This is the b----y job that Long Turn was speaking about when he was having his tea."

Thomas White. You said that I had no glass in my possesssion, and now you say I had; you could not tell in the dark passage. Witness. There is a milk-shop opposite, and from the light from there I saw you coming out with it in your hand.

Elizabeth White. Q. Can you prove that it was me that said those words? A. Yes, because the other women were crying very much—I knew you before, and knew your voice.

Kimbley. This man is innocent; I am 
GUILTY.; there were three more persons, but these persons have nothing to do with it.





FREDFRICK RUSEELS
 (City-policeman, 69). I know the prisoner, Thomas White, by the name of Long Tom—the people about Bishopsgate call him so—I never knew him by any other name—I have known him these two years—they generally know people by a nickname about Petticoat-lane and Widegate-street—not one in twenty go by the right name.

Elizabeth White. It is my room; these men had no business bringing the things there: it was all chopped up when I came home.





GEORGE KIMBLEY
, the prisoner, sworn and examined by Thomas White. Q. Was I one of the men who was with you in Petticoat-lane? A. No—I went to the London Docks in the morning—there were three men there waiting to get work—we waited till five o'clock, and came home—these men saw the boxes in the passage and brought them away—they took them to this young woman's room and broke them up—they gave me some glass to carry—I had too much, and I laid some in the passage, and when I came out they took me—White was not with me—the other men made their escape out of the window—White was in the shop till he left to go to tea, between five and six—he had a jacket to make—it was yesterday fortnight.

Thomas white. I had not the glass in my possession; I was going to tell a young woman I was to stop up all night, because this jacket was to be done by lour o'clock; I never saw Elizabeth "White before.





CHARLES MACKINTOSH
. I am a tailor, of Crooked-lane—I have been in manager to Cook and Co. for thirteen years—I know White well—he served has-time in Crooked-lane—yesterday fortnight he worked till four or five o'clock in the afternoon, and left his work unfinished—I do not think he came to work on the Friday—I did not know ho was in trouble till last Saturday.





FRIDERICK RUSSLL
 (City-policeman, 69). I produce a certificate of Kimbly's conviction—(read—Convicted May., 1847, and confined twelve months.



Kimbley. It is false. Witness. He is the man—he was tried in the name of William Martin—I was present.





THOMAS KELLY

re-examined. I know he was convicted, and had twelve months, and on the very day he came out of prison, a person came and told me to take him for stealing a coat—I was present when he was committed for trial, but was not at his trial.

THOMAS WHITE—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—



Confined One Year.
ELIZABETH WHITE—


NOT GUILTY
.
