



725. 




GEORGE SUTTON



, stealing 1 watch, value 1l.; the goods of 



John Norman Disney: having been before convicted.






JOHN NORMAN DISNEY
 I am clerk of the works of the Metropolitan Sewers Commission, and live in King-street, Camden-town. On 12th Feb., some experiments were going on at Cloth-workers-fields—I had an office fitted up there—I had to go into the sewer at about a quarter before two o'clock—I locked the office door, and gave the key to a boy in my employ—there was a small hole in the window, covered with paper—I left my watch on my desk, about eighteen inches from the hole—I returned a little after two, found the glass and paper knocked on to my desk, and my watch gone; this is it (produced.)





JANE WINNETT
. I am the wife of James Winnett, of Barton-street, Hackney-road. On 12th Feb. I went to my sisters, in Caroline-street, Hackney, between four and five o'clock—the prisoner came in, took this watch out of his pocket, and asked me if I would mind going to the pawn-broker where I was in the habit of dealing, to know the value; I did so, brought it back, and gave it him.





SARAH PAULL
. I am the sister of the last witness, and live in Caroline-street. On 12th Feb., the prisoner came and asked my sister to go and ask

the value of this watch—she went, and came back, and then be asked me if I would go and pledge it, that his father had lent it him to make a little money to buy some things—I pledged it, and gave him the duplicate and money.





EDWARD BUMSTEAD
 I am assistant to Hilton and Wilkins, pawnbrokers, I produce this watch, pawned by Paull.





JOHN SMITH
 (policeman, N 121). I received information, went to the pawnbroker's, and found the watch—I took Winnett into custody—she told me something, and I went to the Britannia Saloon, and found Paull and the prisoner—I took him to the station—he denied all knowledge of it.

Prisoner's Defence. I was at Islington all day until a quarter to six o'clock.

MR. DISNEY
re-examined. Clothworkers'-fields is at Islington, just off the New North-road.





ELIZABETH SUTTON
 I am the prisoner's mother, and live 41, Ward's-place, Lower-road, Islington. On 12th Feb. he went out at nine o'clock in the morning, and did not come home till six—he carries out goods lor his father.





WILLIAM SUTTON
 I am a licensed hawker. On 12th Feb. my son started with me at nine o'clock in the morning; we went to Hornsey—he left me about one—I came home about four, and he about five.





THOMAS WITHERS
 (policeman, N 211). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction—(read Convicted Oct. 1845, and confined one month)—I was present; he is the person.




GUILTY
.** Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

