



2329. 




JOHN TYLER
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



George Savage, at 



St. Leonard, Shoreditch, after nine o'clock in the night, on the 
14th of August, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 1 candlestick, value 1s. 6d.; and 1 seal, value 1s.; his goods.






ROBERT SAVAGE
. I live in Brick-lane, Spitalfields. On the 14th of August, at ten minutes past nine o'clock at night, I drove up to my brother George's door, in Church-street, Shoreditch, and noticed one of the first-floor windows a little way open, and a light—I called out, "George"—nobody answered, and as the light was going away, I thought he was coming to let me in, but he did not—I went to the door, and rang the bell—nobody answered for several minutes, at last the door opened, and two persons rushed out—the prisoner was the last—I laid hold of him—he dragged me across the road in trying to escape—I gave him to Walker.





ALFRED WALKER
. I live with the last witness, and was with him on the

night in question—I noticed a light in the prosecutor's first-floor—I afterwards saw the prisoner come out, and took him in charge from Mr. Savage.





ESTHER TASKER
. I saw the prisoner in Walker's hands—there was a crowd about the house—I saw the prisoner chuck something from his hand—I went to see what it was, and picked up two skeleton keys, which I gave to the policeman.





THOMAS MALIN
. I am a policeman. I was on duty in Church-street—I came up to Mr. George Savage's house about twelve minutes after nine o'clock—I am quite certain it was after nine, for we did not leave the station till nine—I saw the prisoner in Walker's hands—when I ran up he was delivered to me, and at the station I found a small crowbar in his pocket—I went to the house afterwards and found a large brass candlestick had been carried up stairs—there was a small seal on the mantel-piece.

Prisoner. Q. What time does the relief leave the station? A. They are regularly marched off at nine o'clock—those going out when I took you to the station, it was the day duty which had been relieved—it was near half-past nine.





WILLIAM ALDERMAN
. I am a policeman. The prisoner was brought to the station—I saw the crowbar taken from his pocket—I examined the prosecutor's drawers and windows, but saw no marks of violence—I founds small gold seal at one end of the mantel-piece, which appeared to have been moved from a small box, which was upset—the skeleton keys did not fit the door lock.





GEORGE SAVAGE
. The house in question is mine, and is in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch—I found a small work-box turned upside-down, the seal out of it, and placed at the other end of the mantel-piece—I had left the candle and candlestick on the dresser down stairs—it was found up stairs—I left the door locked, and took the key out—there was nobody in the house—I had left the seal at the bottom of the box on the back-parlour mantel-piece—I had gone out a few minutes after seven o'clock.





THOMAS MALIN

re-examined. It always takes seven minutes for me to walk to my beat—I should say it was twelve minutes past nine.
(John Pitt, of Bolt-in-Tun Gateway, Fleet-street, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 45.—


Transported for Ten Years.
