






1388. 




WILLIAM SIMPSON, alias
 Butcher

, and 




TIMOTHY LONG
, were again indicted for

unlawfully obtaining goods by false pretences: and 




BARNET BARNETT



, for unlawfully and knowing receiving them; against the Statute, &c.


MR. MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE THOMAS
. I am assistant in the house of William Leaf and Co.; there is more than one other partner; they carry on business in Old Change, near St. Paul's Church-yard. On the 30th of April Russell brought this order to our warehouse—it is in the same state now as it was when he brought it, with the exception of the number, which has been put on since—we have a customer named Jones, a linendraper, at Newington-house, Newington-causeway—this order is on one of his bills—on looking at this, I took Russell up stairs into one of our rooms, and two pieces of satinet were given him—one was eighty-four yards, the other fifty-nine—they amounted to 30l.14s.—(order read)—"April 30.—Please let the bearer have two or three lengths of good black satinet, about 3s. 11d. and 4s. 7d.; a long length is required."





THOMAS RUSSELL
. I was charged with uttering counterfeit money on the 10th of May—I was taken into custody, and made a disclosure to the officer of some matters in which I had been engaged—I am sixteen years old—my father lives at Beaconsfield, in Buckinghamshire—he is a maker of gimp—I was in the habit of going to the house of Morrison and Co. with gimp from my father—I first became acquainted with Simpson about three weeks after Easter—I obtained from the house of Leaf and Co. some goods by means of this order—(looking at it)—I first saw this paper on the afternoon that I presented it—on the 29th or 30th of April I was at a public-house in Shoreditch—Long and Simpson came there, and said to me there were two young men waiting at the Old Crown in St. Giles's for me—Simpson said they had been waiting with two young men at the Old Crown, High-street, St. Giles's, ever since nine o'clock—he said one of the young men said we could get 100l. worth of goods without any risk at all—we went off directly to the nearest cab-stand, took a cab, and Simpson told the cabman to drive us to the Old Crown, in High-street, St. Giles's—when we got there, the barman said they were gone, but would be there again from four till half-past four o'clock—we returned about that time, and the two young men came in soon after—we had just drank some ale and ginger-beer—Simpson told me these were the two young men—Long was with him—one of the young men said we could get 500l. worth of goods, and carry it on for a fortnight, he said 1000l. in two days, in the presence of both Simpson and Long—he mentioned the name of Mr. Jones, of Newington-causeway—he said he had lived at Mr. Jones's, and he had got twenty or thirty of his bill-heads—there was nothing more said about Mr. Jones till the next day—on the following evening I went with Simpson and Long to Moss's wine-vaults, in Broad-street, St. Giles's—we got there about four o'clock—the two young men were there when we got there—there were no bill-heads produced, but the young man said he had got some of the bill-heads, and he wanted to write an order—Long said he could go to his lodging and write it there; and we all went to Long's lodging, in Neal's-yard, Great St. Andrew's-street, Seven-dials—when we got there I saw a woman, who lives with Long—a person called Irish Molly and Mary Welsh was there—Long sent the

women out, and the young man wrote this order, which has been produced, in the presence of Simpson and Long—he then gave it to Simpson, and Simpson, Long, and I, went out to Broad-street, with an understanding that we were to meet the two young men in at hour, at Moss's wine-vaults—in the meantime we were to go to Leaf'swith the order, and obtain the goods—Simpson, Long, and I, all three, got into a cab, in Broad-street, St. Giles's, and told the cabman to drive us to the Old Change, but I believe he put us down at Paul's-chain—I cannot recollect which place it was—they are close together—Simpson gave the cabman his fare, which was 1s., and he also had 2d. for drink—Simpson told him to put on the stand, he should have something to take back, and he would have him if he was there—Simpson had the bill-head at that time—he gave it me at the corner of Watling-street—he waited there, and Long stood at the Cheapside end of Old Change—Simpson told me to be sure not to give the bill-head up unless I was asked for it—I went into Leaf's, and presented the bill-head to Mr. Thomas—he laid it down on the bench—I took it up and followed him down—I gave it to Mr. Renison—I obtained two pieces of black satin for it—I came out with the goods—I saw Simpson at the corner of Watling-street—I joined him, and Long came down as fast as he could to us—I had the two pieces of satin—we went round St. Paul's Church-yard—I went on the right hand side of Ludgate-hill—Long and Simpson went on the left—when we got to Farringdon-street, Simpson came and took the satin away from me—he said he would go by a Paddington buss to Moss' wine-vaults in Broad-street—I and Long went back to the City with another bill-head—I and Long then went up in an omnibus, and we joined Simpson in about an hour at Moss's wine-vaults—Simpson began knocking me about and swearing at me, because I had not got the goods that we went for the second time—the two young men I had seen before were waiting at Moss's—we then went to Long's lodging—Barnett was sent for—the goods were opened in the presence of him and his friend, Simpson, Long, and the two young men—they were wrapped in paper, and when we opened them we all began to tear the papers up and burnt them—there was an invoice inside—one of the young men asked Barnett what he would give for the goods—he said, 3l.—I then showed him the invoice, which was 30l. or 33l.—Barnett burnt it—there was then some haggling about the price—Simpson did not say anything to Barnett in the course of the transaction—Barnett paid 10l. and his friend 3l. for the things—Simpson took up the 13l., and paid them all 2l. 16s. apiece, except me—he said, "I will keep the kid's money"—he said, if I had the money, if I went to any more houses they would take it from me, and with the money he had got he would employ Mr. Wontner to defend me, if they should take me into custody—after the money had been divided, Simpson, Long, I, and the two young men, went to Moss's, Barnett, and his friend, met us there, because they had been out with the satins—Barnett called for 1s. worth of brandy, and went away without paying for it—Simpson asked the barman whether it was paid for—the man said "No"—they called Barnett back—he came and paid for it—we then left—on the 7th of May Long and I went to the Two Brewers—we found Leary there—(that was the day we went to Morrison's)—Simpson was not there—he went to tell Barnett that we only got 6l. for some goods—I had some ale and ginger-beer at the Two Brewers—Long had something else, and Mr. Roche, the landlord, had something—

Long begged the landlord's pardon for having thrown a pot at his head, and gave him a sovereign to pay for a looking-glass—Simpson was gone to Barnett's at that time—I afterwards, by Barnett's direction, changed my clothes—I afterwards agreed to go down to Uxbridge to get out of the way—I was taken into custody at Farnham Royal—I left this note (looking at it) for Simpson, at the Hare and Hounds, Red-hill, two miles beyond Uxbridge—when I drove up to Uxbridge, Long was standing at the door of the Falcon-inn, and Simpson was inside.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Where did you leave the cabman when you went to Leaf's? A. On the stand—when we came back we did not go to the cabman—I carried the goods under my arm—they are not here—Barnett had them—they were about six inches wide—I do not recollect how many yards there were—I went down to Uxbridge after this affair, and was driving about in a horse and chaise which Barnett said he would pay for, if Simpson was not at the Hare and Hounds by eleven o'clock—I was in the employ of Mr. Watson, of Upper Seymour-street, about two months ago—I was with him a fortnight—before that I was with Mrs. Beal in the New Cut, and before that I travelled for my father H to wholesale houses to take orders for gimp—I never embezzled any of my father's money—he never charged me with it—I lived with Mr. Telford, a hosier, in New-street, Covent-garden, before I travelled for my father—he did not turn me out for robbing him—I left because he refused to allow me to go down to my mother's funeral—I was never in custody but once before this affair—that was the day of Acton foot race—that was a week after I left Mrs. Watson's—it was for passing a bad half-crown—there is not a charge of that kind now against me, it is for attempting to pass—we sold things to Barnett as often as we had them—we have had dealings with him ever since I had been in custody on that charge till I was taken—I had nothing to do with him before I knew Simpson and Long—I know three persons named Simpson in Field-lane—I have sold all of them goods—one of them is bail for Barnett—I have been in the habit of selling them stolen goods—I do not know a house in Wood-street, Cheapside, where I stole waistcoat pieces and sold two of them in Field-lane—I am sure of that—I have been to Stanley's coffee-house in High-street, Bloomsbury—I knew it when I knew Simpson—I never was guilty of the slightest act of dishonesty till I knew him—he has led me to it all—I was taken up at Hammersmith for a half-crown he gave me—he and I went and bought the money that I am now under charge for—I slept at Stanley's coffee-house one or two nights—I did not the last time rob three fellow lodgers of some silver—the landlord stopped all the lodgers, and talked about sending for a policeman—I told him to search me at once—I wished to be searched, but they did not search me—I was let off, of course, and I went away.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Where was it you said you lived before? A. The first place when I came to town was with Mr. Telfer, in Covent-garden—I came from Beaconsfield—it was twelve months ago last Feb. since I came to town, which is now about eighteen months ago, and sixteen months out of that time I have been employed to go to these wholesale houses—I never was wrong in a penny in my accounts—when I first came to town I lived at Mr. Telfer's—I went home in consequence of my mother's death, and then came to town on my father's business—he is not in the employ of any person in particular—there was

nothing about a post-office order with me and my father—I have been many times to Long's lodgings—it was on Wednesday, the 30th of April, these goods were obtained, and on Tuesday that they came to me at the public-house in Shoreditch.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. When did you first become acquainted with Simpson? A. When I left my place I went to the wholesale houses to see if there were any vacancies, and I was then going to a person I know at Notting-hill, I walked down, and as I was opposite Tyburn-gate Simpson came along—that was the first time I ever saw him, and on that day I was taken up for attempting to pass a bad half-crown, which I obtained from Simpson—we have often sold things to Barnett—I never, in my life, sold him anything but what was obtained by Simpson, Long, and me—there are three persons in Field-lane whose names, I think, are Simpson—two of them have run away—I have sold them goods which were obtained by the same means, and by the same sort of orders—I knew nothing about Stanley's coffee-house till I knew Simpson—I was never charged with any offence till I went down to Notting-hill, and accompanied Simpson to the foot-race at Acton.





CHARLES HUMMAN
. I am a cab-driver. About seven weeks ago I was standing with my cab in Broad-street, Bloomsbury—Russell, Simpson, and Long hired my cab—they got in, and Simpson ordered me to drive to Paul's-chain—I drove there, and they got out—Simpson gave me 1s. and Long gave me 2d.—Simpson told me if I got on the rank they would have me again when they came out—he did not say what they should want me for—they then left—I cannot say which way they went—I noticed Russell had a small piece of paper in his hand—it was such a piece as this—they all went away together—I did not see any more of them—I went on the stand and was hired for another fare.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. You do not remember exactly what day this was? A. No, it was about seven weeks ago—I did not notice the paper Russell had—it was not black—I cannot say whether it was white or brown.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Have you ever been in prison? A. I have been in prison about twice, but not for theft—it is a long time since, for not paying my master for the day's work—when I go to my master he makes me sign a paper to pay so much, and if I do not pay him he summonses me, and I go to prison—it was the House of Correction I was in, and you may call it hard labour—it was on oakum, not the treadmill—I knew some of these persons before that day.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Which of them did you know? A. Simpson and Long—I only knew them by coming to the public-house and having a pint of beer—I might have seen them in the watering-house at St. Giles's, and in the house at the corner of Crown-street—I did not know anything of Russell before—it is five years since I was in any gaol—I am twenty-nine years old—we agree to pay a certain sum for a cab for a day—the last thne I was with Mr. Langridge it was 14s. a day, and if I do not get money I cannot pay—my master summonses me and I go to prison.





FREDERICK BUTCHER
. I am bar-man at Moss's wine-vaults in Broad-street, St. Giles—I have known the prisoners as customers about four months—I saw Russell when the officer brought him to our house, and I saw him at Guildhall—I am not aware that I had seen him at my master's house—I cannot say positively—I might have seen him or not—it is very

hard for me to say—I cannot speak positively—I know Barnett—I remember when there was some talk about some brandy not being paid for—I think it was a quartern of brandy—Mr. Barnett was going out, I called him back, and he returned and paid for it—I believe Long was present—I will not swear to Simpson positively, but I think he was present—several other persons were present—the shop was full—Barnett paid for the brandy at last.

Q. Now, reminding you of that, I ask you again whether Russell was at your master's house on that occasion? A. Not to my recollection—this transaction about the brandy was about a fortnight or three weeks before.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. I suppose you have no recollection about the time that it happened? A. No—I knew Barnett, because he was a frequent customer of ours—he was in the house ten or twelve times a day with different parties.





JOHN ROCHE
. I keep the Two Brewers, in George-street, St. Giles. I know Simpson and Long—I have seen them at my house—I have seen Russell there, but whether in company with Simpson and Long I do not know—I cannot positively answer whether I have seen them at the same time with him—I remember a time when there was an apology made for something having been thrown at me, and a sovereign was paid by Long I for a looking-glass he broke—that was the week before Whitsuntide—I remember Russell was there at that time—they paid for what they had, a bottle of ginger-beer, and a glass of ale—I had a glass of gin and bitters myself, which Russell paid for.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. How long have you known Long? A. About eighteen months, as a customer, and living in the neighbourhood—I never heard anything against him.





JANE LEAKE
. I am a widow, and keep the Falcon inn, at Uxbridge. I remember Russell being-at my house—Long and Simpson were at my house with him on the 8th of May.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You are not quite sure it was Russell you saw? A. I do not like to swear it was him, because I saw him through the window.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you believe it to be him? A. I quite believe it was him—(looking at him)—I am quite sure that is the boy.





MARY WELSH
. I am single. I know Simpson—he lodged at my mistress's, at No. 29, George-street, St. Giles—I dare say it is two years ago—my mistress now keeps a lodging-house at No. 4, Neal's-yard—Mary Fox and her sister rent a room there—Long was in the habit of coming there to visit her—I came back there three months ago, and Long has been in the habit of coming there.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You left? A. Yes, at the time they took this house and left St. Giles, then I left, and came back again about three months ago—Mr. Long came to visit Fox—I saw no more of him than going up Starrs—he was alone when he visited her.

Q. Was there any occasion on which Long told you and Mrs. Fox to go out of the room? A. No—I never left the room—I was not in the room at any time when he requested me and Fox to leave—I never recollect it—it never happened that he and two or three more were in the room, and I and Fox were ordered out.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Might such a thing have happened and you not recollect it? A. No—I was never desired to go out—I never went to the room without being called—I know Mary Fox.—I have never been in

the room sitting there with her, that I know of—I had my work to do—I was not in that room—I have seen Long come there like another man—I cannot tell how often—I never saw him in the room, only going up and down stairs—I never recollect an occasion when he asked me and Fox to leave the room—if he came in with other men, and I was in the room with Fox, I should have quitted it.

MR. CLARKSON
Q. This Fox is no more a wife to him than to twenty I other persons? A. I do not know—different men go there.





ANN SHEPHERD
. My husband keeps the Hare and Hounds, at Redhill, near Uxbridge. On the 8th of May Russell came to our house, about ten o'clock in the morning—he staid an hour—in five minutes after he was gone Simpson and Long came—they inquired if a boy in black had been at my house that morning—I said he had, and had left a message for them, that he would come back and meet them at five o'clock—they staid a little more than two hours, and left—Russell came soon after they were gone a little after three o'clock—he inquired for them, and I told him they were gone—he gave me this note to give them—I took possession of it till the policeman came down, and I gave it him.





THOMAS HEARN
. I am constable of Stokepoges, near Slougb. On the 16th of May I went with Russell to a public-house in High-street, St. Giles—I went in, and Russell had hold of my arm—I saw Simpson there—Russell put out his hand to shake hands, and said, "Ah, Simpson," or "Butcher"—Simpson was sitting on the right-hand side—he was going to shake hands with him, but drew back his hand, and would not know him—Barnes, another officer, was behind me, and whether it was him or me that Simpson saw I do not know—when Barnes came in Russell pointed out Long, who was standing against the bar—he was brought away with Simpson in custody.





THOMAS BARNES
 (City police-constable, 334.) I went with Hearn, Warder, and Trew, to take the prisoners. I believe Hearn and Russell went into the house first—I followed them in, and was within half a yard of them when they entered the room where Long and Simpson were—Simpson sat on the right-hand side—he said, "Ah!" to Russell, and held out his hand—he looked up at him in the face, and drew back his hand—I was in plain clothes, but I believe I was known to Simpson as an officer for a considerable time before that—Russell said, "This is Simpson," pointing round to the right—that was after Simpson drew back his hand—I believe Russell said "Butcher"—I said, "Simpson, you must go along with me, consider yourself my prisoner"—he said, "What for?"—I said, "For j disposing of stolen property"—he got up, I put him outside the door, a cab was called, and I put him inside it—Long was taken at the same time—as we were going in the cab, Simpson said, "I do not exactly understand the charge I am taken for"—I said, "For disposing of stolen property to Barnett, at 60, Broadway"—he said, "I do not know Barnett"—we proceeded to the station-house, in Black horse-court, Fleet-street, where the charge was entered—I then handcuffed Simpson and Long together, and they walked with me to the lock-up in Smithfield—they were talking together, and I heard Simpson say to Long, as they were going up Fleet-lane, "The young b—has had his regulars, and we have always behaved well to him," and he clenched his fist—Long made no answer, but gave him a nudge.






GEORGE TREW
 (City police-constable, No. 26.) I took Long at the Old Crown, in Broad-street, St. Giles, on Friday evening, the 16th of

May—Simpson was with him—they were taken to the station-house in Black Horse-court—I heard Inspector Woodruff ask Russell which of the men gave him the order—he pointed to Simpson, and said, "That is the man that gave me the order for Morrison"—Simpson was leaning on the bar at the time—he rose up, and said, "What, me? I never saw you before."





GEORGE WARDLE
 (City police-constable, No. 325.) I took Barnett—I was present at the station in Black Horse-court when the charge was being made—Russell was there, and pointed out Simpson as the person who gave him a certain order—Simpson was leaning over the bar—he got up, and said, "I don't know you, I never saw you before"—Russell said Long was in company with the others on several occasions—Long said nothing to it.





WILLIAM JONES
. I carry on the business of a linen-draper, at Newington-house, Newington-causeway. This paper, on which this order is written, is one of my bill-heads—I do not know the writing under it—I did not write it myself, nor did I authorize anybody to write it for the goods named—I am a customer of Leaf and Co.—I never received these parcels of goods.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Do you send orders on bill-heads? A. Yes, but if I send it I always sign it—I do not know that I ever saw one sent without being signed—I seldom send orders.

MR. PRENDERGAST
to
MR. THOMAS. Q. Do you mean to tell us that these orders are commonly sent on bill-heads? A. Yes, just as this is, without anything less or more—they frequently come unsigned, as this is.
(James Cummings, of George-street Bloomibury, gave Long a good character.)

SIMPSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.

LONG—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.





Transported for Seven Years.


BARNETT—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Edward Bullock, Esq.

