




21. 




CHARLES POOLE
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
9th of Nov., at 
St. James', Westminster, 1 butter-dish and cover, value 3l.; 1 stand, 3l.; 1 butter-glass, 14s.; 1 knife, 3s.; 1 fork, 2s.; and 1 pair of stockings, 3s. 8d.; the goods of 



William Saul Else his master, in his dwelling-house; and




THOMAS ROMAN



, for feloniously receiving the same, wellknowingthem to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.; and that Roman had been before convicted of felony; to which POOLE pleaded





GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.




WILLIAM SAUL ELSE
 (jeweller, of Burlington-arcade.) Poole was my errand-boy, and absconded on the 9th of November—I examined my shop, and missed the property stated—the articles produced are mine—this is part of the dish-stand and cover—I know nothing of Roman.





JOHN RALPH
. I keep the Britannia, at Walcott, Bath. On the 12th of Nov., Poole came and left a bundle with me till the Sunday, and asked me to let him have 18d. on the knife and fork, as his cousin was coming from London to Bath—I let him have it, and 2s. on the butter-dish—the officers came on the Tuesday, and I produced these articles to them out of the bundle—on the Tuesday morning I saw Poole with Roman going from the house—Roman used to be at my house with a chair—I do not believe he ever saw Poole before the Saturday, when he came to my house—I never heard them have any conversation about the plate.





CHRISTOPHER YOUNG
 (of Batht pawnbroker)On Tuesday, the 15th, Roman brought to my shop two common jewellery articles, to ask if they were gold—I said not—he asked if I bought old silver—I said, yes—he produced one of these pieces of silver, which I took—he said he had more—I told him to bring the rest—I asked whose it was—he said it was his own—he left, and brought me eleven pieces—I had then an officer ready, who took him—he owned the property in both cases.





JOHN HYATT
. I am an officer. I found Roman in Young's shop—Young delivered me these pieces of silver, and accused him of stealing them—he said it was hit own—he afterwards said he had given 1l. and upwards for it—he did not say who to—next day I took him before a Magistrate—he asked me for the silver—I said he could not have it—he said he would have a d—d row if he did not—he did not then know Poole was in custody.
Mr. ELSE. These articles are mine—there is eight ounces of silver, worth 2l., but it was worth 8l. before broken up.

Roman's Defence. I was at Ralph's; Poole came in, and I unhappily became acquainted with him; we had a glass of beer together, and on Tuesday he asked me to sell the old silver.





JOHN HYATT
. I produce a certificate of Roman's previous conviction at Bath—(read)—he is the person. ROMAN—


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Baron Parke.

