



1769. 




LEWIS JONES
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Philip Isaacs, on the 
24th of May, at 

St. Mary, Whitechapel, and stealing therein, 2 watches, value 6l.; 2 watch movements, 1l. 8s.; 4 watch cases, 4l.; 3 watch frames, 15s.; 24 watch hands, 10s.; and 28 watch-case bows, 1l.; the goods of 



George Isaacs.






GEORGE ISAACS
. I live at No. 56, Great Prescot-street, Goodman's fields, in the parish of St. Mary, Whitechapel. On Wednesday, the 25th of May, I left work at eight o'clock—the workshop was not closed then—it joins the dwelling-house, and runs out from it—it is in the same yard—it is surrounded by a wall, and is part of the dwelling-house, and communicates with it—I received information next morning, and found two cash boxes broken open in the shop, and the drawers, and missed the articles stated in the indictment, which were worth about 13l.—it is my father's, Philip Isaacs, dwelling-house—the property is my own—these articles now produced, are parts of the watches which have been taken to pieces—I can swear to them all.





MARY ANN COWELL
. I am servant to Philip Isaacs. On the night of the 24th of May I was the last person in the shop, and left it quite safe, a little after eight o'clock—the shutter and door were bolted and locked—I went

again next morning, at half-past six, found the window closed, and the shutter put to—the bolt was wrenched off the shutter, two cases of watches broken open, and property gone.





CHARLES JUTSUM
. I am shopman to Mr. Thompson, pawnbroker, of Commercial-road. I produce a watch, which the witnesses Hollowell and Goodland brought to pledge, about twenty minutes to twelve o'clock, on Saturday, the 27th of May—I had received information, and stopped it.





ELMY WYATT
. I live in Tenter-ground, at the back of the prosecutor's house, and am a cow-keeper. The prisoner is my nephew, and lived with me—he slept in the loft adjoining the prosecutor's yard—I saw him at home on the night of the robbery.





ELIZABETH HOLLOWELL
. I know the prisoner—he came to my lodgings three times—he came on Friday, the 26th of May, showed me a watch, and said it was his own—he gave it to me on Saturday, and asked me to pawn it—I took it to Thompson's, and was stopped.





ELLEN GOODLAND
. I went with the witness to pawn the watch—I saw her have it from the prisoner.





WILLIAM HARDING
. I am a policeman. I have some watch tools, which I found under the bed at Wyatt's, where the prisoner lodged.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
