



1010. 




THOMAS MILES
 was indicted

for embezzlement; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES DYER WILLIAMS
. I am an attorney, and live in Coleman street—the prisoner was my clerk—he was trusted to receive money, for which he ought to have accounted immediately.





WILLIAM PERRY MILLER
. I am a harness-maker. On the 4th of

March, I paid the prisoner 5l. on account of his master—he did not give me a receipt.

Prisoner. Q. What was your reason for not asking for a receipt? A. I had no reason—I paid you 5l. and counted it over to you—there were three or four pounds in gold, and the rest in silver.





WALTER JOHN HATLEY
. I am cook at Taylor's dining-rooms. I paid the prisoner 5l. on the 22nd of March, on account of his master—he told me Mr. Williams was in the country, and he would return to town on the Wednesday—he would be sure to bring me a receipt over.





SAMUEL HALL
 (City police-constable, No. 121.) I was sent for to take the prisoner, and found on him two duplicates, 9 1/2 d., and a key.





JAMES DYER WILLIAMS

re-examined. The prisoner gave me 4l. on the 4th of March—Mr. Hatley is my tenant—I had written a note to him for it, and the prisoner said he had paid 4l., but he had some death, which made him short of money—the prisoner said no more was paid to him—I went out of town on the Tuesday, and on the Monday I inquired if Mr. Hatley had sent it, the prisoner said, "No, should he call?" I said, "Yes"—he went out, and came and said Mr. Hatley had paid him 4l., and I should very soon have the remainder.

Prisoner. Q. Did I keep a disbursement-book in your office? A. Yes—I will swear that you have not accounted for 2l. more than you received—I know there is a balance against you.





WILLIAM JAMES EDWARDS
 (police-constable 30 F.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read—the prisoner is the person—I was present at his trial.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
