




1011. 




RICHARD STEVENS, alias
 James Weems,

 and 




HENRY JONES
, were indicted for

 breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Brock, at 

St. Mary, Islington, and stealing therein 8 spoons, value 2l 8s; 1 top of a pepper-castor, 1s; 1 coat, 1l; 1 handkerchief, 3s; 4 boots, 10s; 2 table-cloths, 1l; 1 scent-bottle, 1s; and 1 shaving-brush, 1s; the goods of the said William Brock.


MR. EVANS
Conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM PECTON.
 I am a private watchman in Wellington-street, Upper-street, Islington. On the 22d of March, at twenty minutes to four o'clock in the morning, I was on duty there, and saw the prisoner Stevens—I asked him his business—he said he wished to go to the Angel at Islington—he trembled very much, and seemed distressed for breath—one of his coat pockets looked rather bulky—I asked him what he had got about him, and said I should like to search him—he said I might if I thought proper—I did so and took two table and three tea-spoons out of his pocket, wrapped in a handkerchief—they were silver—I asked where he got them—he said he picked them up in the street just before he came there—I took him to the station—he was searched, and two salt-spoons and other property found on him—he had a pair of boots on—he was asked by Inspector Thatcher whether he found the boots as well as the other property—he said, no, they were his own, that he bought them with his own money.





JAMES M 'GREGOR
 (police-constable N.177.) On the 22d of March I was at the station—the prisoner Stevens was brought there—I searched him, and found a silver tea-spoon, two salt-spoons, a silver pepper-castor top, a scentbottle, a Lucifer-box, a handkerchief, and this pair of boots—a coat was wrapped round his body under his clothes—I asked him about the boots and the clothes—he said he had gone to sleep somewhere, he did not say where, and

when he awoke he found the bundle alongside of him—I found this centre-bit in his pocket, and the top of a stock, a Lucifer-box, and some matches in it, and some other articles.





EDWARD TARLTON
 (Inspector of the N Division of Police.) On Monday, the 22nd of March, I went to the house of Mr. Brock, 23, St. Paul's-terrace, in the Parish of St. Mary, Islington—I found this pair of shoes at the top of the summer-house, at the end of the garden, about forty yards from the house—there is a shrubbery behind the summer-house—it has a wooden fence, any one could get over it quite easily—I have tried these shoes on the prisoner Stevens, and they fit him—he did not say whose they were.





ANN ROGERSON.
 I am servant to Mr. Brock. On Monday, the 22nd of March, I went down stairs at ten minutes before seven o'clock, and observed the front-kitchen door open, which I had left locked the night before, and the key in it outside—I had gone to bed at night about half-past ten o'clock, and left my master and mistress up—on entering the kitchen in the morning, I found all the drawers open, and things strewn about the kitchen—the back kitchen window was wide open, and an iron bar which had been fixed to the wall removed from the outside—there were no shutters—I had seen the window hasped in the middle the night before, and I left all the property safe—I found some table-cloths outside the window—I ran up stairs, and brought my master and mistress down—I assisted in making the search, and missed the property now produced, which is all my master's.





WILLIAM BROCK.
 I live in St. Paul's-terrace, Islington. On the 22nd of March, at seven o'clock in the morning, I was called up—the articles produced are all mine—I swear to the boots—I cannot say positively that I had left them near the back kitchen door on the Sunday night, but that is the usual place for them to be kept—I went to bed about eleven o'clock—the doors were all fastened—I went into the back kitchen—the window was fast, the catch was shut, and the front kitchen door was locked—this coat is mine—I left it hanging in the passage—the value of all the articles is about 5l






GEORGE BECKLEY
 (police-constable N 12.) On the morning of the 2nd of April, I saw the prisoner Jones in the custody of No. 304—he had a pair of boots on which were too large for him—I took them off at the station, and took them to Mr. Brock's—he identified them—as I took them off, I asked the prisoner where he bought them—he said in Field-lane—he did not say of whom—I asked how long he had had them—he said six or seven weeks—they were stolen on the 22nd of March.
Jones. It was two or three weeks ago; I met a man with three or four pair of boots on his arm; I asked the price of this pair; he said half-a-crown.





GEORGE LANGDON
 (police-constable N 265.) On Monday, the 22nd of March, I went to Mr. Brock's house—he gave me these shoes, and said he had found them in the garden—I went into the garden, and saw a great many foot marks—I made a mark in the mould with one of these shoes, which corresponded with the other marks—on the 2nd of April, hearing Jones was in custody, I went to the station, and tried the shoes on him—they fit him well.

 Jones. I know nothing of these shoes.





WILLIAM BROCK

re-examined. I swear to these boots which were found on Jones—there is something very peculiar about them in the cloth and stitching—I could swear to them 1000 miles off—I put them aside on the Sunday morning to have them mended—I lost a great coat and a razor, which have not been found, and the servant's shawl, and one or two little articles—I think I must have disturbed the prisoners, as I had occasion to get up to give my wife some medi cine

at a few minutes before four o'clock, which was just before stevens was taken.

Stevens. I plead guilty to the charge.

STEVENS*—


GUILTY. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.


JONES—


NOT GUILTY.

