




2038. 




JOHN LAWRENCE
 and 




HENRY CHAPPEL
 were again indicted for

 stealing 1 purse, value 6d., and 10 sovereigns; the moneys of 



James Wood, in his dwelling-house.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






MART WOOD
. I am the wife of James Wood, of 16 1/2, Manor-place, Walworth—we keep a retail beer-shop. On Tuesday, 5th Oct. last, about eight o'clock in the evening, I deposited some money in a box, and left it on the mantel-piece, in my bed-room, on the first-floor—I shut the door but did not lock it—after that I came down to the bar-parlour, which is behind the bar—about nine the two prisoners came in, and two others with them, and went

into the parlour—no one could come into the bar, or the parlour, without my seeing them—a person must pass the stairs to get to the parlour-door—the stairs are about a yard or a yard and a half from the bar—they had some ale, and tobacco and pipes, and I believe some cigars—they staid about half an hour, and all four went away together—I went into the parlour while they were there, and Chappel went out—he said he was ill—I had left the parlour when they came in, and went into the bar—I heard, from my daughter, that one of them was ill—she was to and fro, waiting on them—I did not see him go out—he could not have gone out at the front door without my seeing him—while I was in the bar no one passed the bar towards the stairs from nine till eleven but those four people—several customers had come to the bar—none of them went beyond the bar—I was not away between eight and eleven—if anybody had come in from the front door, and gone to the stairs within that time, I must have seen them—no one but those four came from nine till eleven—we shut up at eleven, and went to bed, and then found the box broken open, and the money gone—my husband bad also been in the bar—the bar does not command a view of the stairs—a person might have stepped out of the parlour, and gone up stairs without being observed—there is no door at the foot of the stairs—the bar opens into a little passage, in which the stairs are.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Which way. do you turn to go into the parlour? A. You must go into the passage, and pass the stairs leading to the bed-room—the parlour is beyond the stairs, and the bar is on this side of them—there is a back door that leads into the garden—there is no communication with any other premises—the back door is shut, it was not fastened, we always keep it shut—the bar commands a view of the passage—I think a person could not slip in at—the back door while my back was turned—I should hear a step coming in that way—I might not bear them if they came in stealthily.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Would you not be just as likely to hear a step on the stairs? A. It would depend on bow a person went up—it is almost an impossibility for anybody to come in the back way—I was not in the parlour when Chappel left—he could have gone out at the back door—he did not come out the front way—all four went away together after he had returned—he was only out a short time—there is a watering place at the back door—I last saw the money safe at eight o'clock—the prisoners were there half an hour—it is impossible to say how many people were there at the same time, there were several coming for supper beer—I do not swear distinctly to Chappel—I can to Lawrence.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. How is the garden surrounded?A. By a pailing—it is a row of houses—there are houses and gardens both sides of us—there is no opening into a street or lane—there are not houses at the back—the pailings are half as high as your head—if a person got over our pailing he would get into the adjoining garden, and that leads to another house—the back door was fastened with two bolts and a latch—if the latch had been lifted I do not know that I should have heard it in the bar—there is a summer-house at the bottom of the garden, and a hedge behind that—if a person got over there he would come into other people's gardens, not into a lane.





JANE WOOD
. I am the daughter of the last witness, and live with her. I remember the prisoners and two others coming on 5th Oct.—they went iuto the parlour—Lawrence ordered four glasses of ale, and afterwards he ordered 1d. worth of tobacco and some pipes, which I took in—he said he did not wish for 1d. worth of tobacco, but a pipe of tobacco—I took that in, then

one who is not here asked for a cigar—I should say I was sent out of the room four or five times, first for one thing, and then for another—when I took the cigars in I noticed that Chappel had left the room—I remained in the room till he returned—he was away about five or seven minutes—he complained to his companions of being ill—he said he could not stop, nor yet drink his ale—the other three drank their ale, and they then all left together—I never went anywhere the whole of that evening, except from the parlour to the bar—from eight o'clock to the time of shutting up no one had come in at the front, and gone up stairs; only these four had passed the stairs—they were the only persons who had the opportunity.

Cross-examined hy
MR. PAYNE. Q. About how many people came for beer for supper? A. A great many—the person who stood in the bar served them as they came to the front of the bar—none, except these four used the parlour that evening.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. As soon as you got into the room you were sent out again for something? A. Yes—I was there hardly a minute—Chappel did not send me for anything—I went about my business when not there—I did not see Chappel again till J saw him at the Police-court, in the dock with Laurence—I pointed him out as the man—I do not think thev were in the room at all without my father or mother being there the greater part of the time—if one was not there the other was.





JAMES WOOD
. I was at home on the evening of 5th Oct., when the four men came in—I missed Chappel on one occasion—I believe him to be the man, but I would not swear to him—I was in the parlour when he came back; he complained of being poorly, and he said he could not stay, and they all four went away together—when we went to bed we found that the box was broken—a piece of candle and a Jucifer-match were afterwards shown me and I saw a mark on the wall where the match had been struck to light it—next morning I saw my wife find another lucifer-match under the chair where Chappel had sat—there is gas in the parlour by which persons could light a pipe—that would not be alight in the day time—it would be impossible for a person to get to the stairs without coming through the bar, except they came out of the parlour—I must have seen any one coming in at the front door, even if they crept down under the counter—it is a square room, with a passage parted off.

MRS. WOOD
re-examined. I found a lucifer-match next morning in sweeping up the parlour, under the chair where Chappel had sat, it was exactly like the one the policeman had found on the stairs—they were common matches—no one was smoking in the room that night—I destroyed the match.





WILLIAM MORRIS
 (policeman, P 29). I was called to the prosecutor's house on 5th Oct., and on the landing of the first-floor stairs, about a yard from Mrs. Wood's bed-room door, I found about two inches of composition candle—I also found a lucifer-match about three inches from the candle—it had been ignited—I noticed a mark on the wall where it had been apparently lighted—this house was formerly a private house—when you go in you face the bar, it is an open room, but there is a place which you may term a passage, leading to the stairs, about two feet after you had passed the counter, and there is a back door there—I do not think a person could pass from the front door to the stairs without being seen—the counter is about four feet high, and the place where the beer is drawu is upon it, but that would not prevent a person being seen.

LAWRENCE—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.

CHAPPEL—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.





Transported for Fifteen Years.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoners.)


Before Mr. Common Serjeant.

