



2576. 




JOHN APPLEBY, alias
 John Young,

 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Wilkinson, about the hour of one in the night of the 
15th of October, at 
St. Maryle-bone, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 1 1/2 oz. weight of tobacco, value 5d.; 4 pence, and 12 halfpence; his property; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






MARY ANN WILKINSON
. I am the wife of James Wilkinson; I keep a grocer's shop in Hawkhurst-street, Lisson-grove, St. Marylebone. On Friday. the 15th of October, I went to bed at half-past ten o'clock—I have some children, and a servant-girl—I was awoke in the night by a noise on the stairs—I lay and listened, and saw some person's head looking in at my room-door three times—I had a light in my room—I did not know the person first, but the second and third time he looked in I identified the prisoner, who lives at No. 7, next door to me—I got out of bed the third time, took my light, and went to the staircase—he ran down stairs—he had neither hat nor shoes on—I stood on the landing, and saw the stair-case window wide open, which he must have come in at—he ran down stairs, and went into the shop—I distinctly heard him unfasten two bolts of the shop-door, and go out into the street—I went to the bottom of the stairs, but could not see any body—I then went into the shop

—the door was half open—I fastened it, and went round the counter, ad found my till half open—I missed 8d., which I had put on a shelf, and 2d. from the till, which I had left shut quite close—I lost about an ounce and a half of tobacco—the staircase window was shut when I went to bed.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you quite sure the window was shut down? A. Yes—the servant, who is not here, had shut it at seven o'clock, when she put the children to bed—I did not look at it when I went to bed—we both went to bed together—I always sleep with my bed-room door half open, and a light—I am quite sure I saw the prisoner's face—I was lying in bed—he could see the bed—I am quite sure the halfpence were on the shelf the night before, and the 2d. in the till.





THOMAS HARRISON
. I am a police-sergeant. I was in Exeter-street, Lisson-grove, on the morning in question, about a quarter to two o'clock, and saw the prisoner running down the street, without shoes or hat—I stopped him, and asked where he was going—he said he was going to the Burns' Arms public-house, to get something to drink—I said, "What have you here?"—I felt his pocket, and found a box of lucifermatches, and in the other pocket a lot of loose tobacco—I took him to the station, and found 7 1/2 d. in copper and a bit of candle on him—I sent for the policemen—they did not know him, and I let him go—next night I heard of this robbery, and apprehended him at a public-house—the prosecutrix identified him—he said he bought the tobacco in Oxford-street, and he had the candle in his pocket to light him when he got home, that the candlestick was at his house—I asked where he lived—he told me, and it is next door to the prosecutrix—I found a person, by getting on the, wall, could easily get to the prosecutrix's staircase-window—when I apprehended him, I said, "You recollect my having you last night for that tobacco?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "Well, you are charged with breaking into Mrs. Wilkinson's house, in Hawkhurst-street"—he said, "Who charges me?"—I said, "Mrs. Wilkinson; and she says you put your head three times into her bed-room door"—he said, "Does she, by G—? then I have nothing more to say."

Cross-examined. Q. You did not go to the house, to see if the candle-stick wag there? A. No.

MRS. WILKINSON
re-examined. Q. Did you see the servant shut the window down at seven o'clock? A. Yes—I am quite sure it was quite down then.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you see her shut it? A. No, but I heard her do it—I went up after her, and saw it was down.





RICHARD HANCOCK
 (police-constable T 10.) I was present at the prisoner's trial here in October, 1839—I produce a certificate of his conviction—(read)—he is the person named in that certificate.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
(The prisoner has been convicted twice before, and had only been out of prison ten days.)
