




2138. 




JOHN CURTAIN
 and 




EDWARD POTTER
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
4th of July, 1 firkin, value 1s.; and 931bs. weight of butter, value 4l.; the goods of 



William Wooldridge.—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 



Thomas Strange.






THOMAS STRANGE
. I am carter in the employ of William Wooldridge, a carrier. I had a firkin of butter, about 931bs. weight, in the evening of the 4th of July, in the tail of my cart—I put it on at the White Lion Cellar, Gracechurch-street—I missed it at the corner of Coventry-street, Piccadilly—I saw it at the office—it was the one I lost.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Had you seen the contents of the tub? A. No—I know the firkin by the marks on it—there was only one in the cart.

COURT. Q. Can you tell this was a firkin of butter by the weight? A. Yes—I will swear the firkin I saw at the office was the same I had in my cart.





THOMAS RADCLIFFE
. I live in Fleet-lane. I saw the two prisoners in Gracechurch-street on this evening—I watched them—about ten o'clock I saw them in Watling-street, near Bush-lane—I had been watching them two hours before ten—I had seen them try ladies' pockets, and traced them up and down the street—a carrier's cart was coming towards St. Paal's, and Potter, with his hand, pushed a chain up which encircled a cask and a chest—he tried again, but it was too heavy—they followed it on to St. Paul's, and tried again to get it off—they went on to Fleet-street—they tried again, but were not successful—they tried several times more in the Strand, and the cart turned up Newcastle-street, and they got the firkin at last at the corner of Lisle-street—they both went to the cart, and they each lifted it off the cart—that was the firkin I showed to the carter.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. A constable of the Animals' Friend Society—I took the cask from the prisoners—it was put in a door-way.

CURTAIN**—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

POTTER—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—



Confined Nine Months.
