



424. 




ANN ALLWAY
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 1st of Dec., 1 coat, value 10s.; and 1 pair of breeches, 4s.; the goods of 



Elizabeth Cooper.






ELIZABETH COOPER
. I am a widow, and live in Britannia-street, City road. I had a great deal of wearing apparel in a room at the top of the house—the coat and breeches produced were in my husband's box in that room—I had seen them about three months before—this coat was in a deal box in the room close to the door—I lost my best shawl, and bonnet, and handkerchief from another box—the prisoner and her husband came to lodge with me on the 12th of Oct.—I unlocked the door of the room a few days after she came, and went into the room with her—I was obliged to go down, and she afterwards brought the key down to me—I did not go into the room afterwards, till the fire—I never tried the door to ascertain whether she had locked it—I had the key in my pocket ever since—on the 3rd of Dec., there was an alarm of fire—I went to the room door, put the key into the lock, but could not unlock it—it was forced open by Holmes—I groped to the window, and as soon as the smoke cleared away, I opened my husband's box, which was broken open—every box was broken open—I missed five coats, one shooting-jacket, two pairs of breeches, six silk handkerchiefs, six aprons not made up, one pair of sheets, five pillow-cases, five piliows, a bolster, a prayer-book, and Bible—I cannot tell the value of them—my shawl cost me 25s.





ARCHIBALD GILLIES
. I am shopman to Mr. Smith, a pawnbroker. I have a cloak pawned on the 3rd of Nov., for 2s., and a pair of breeches for 18d., and a coat for 2s., on the 1st of Dec, all by the prisoner—on the 2nd of Dec. another coat was pawned, which I did not take in.





ELIZABETH COOPER

re-examined. These are part of the things which were in my boxes, and what I lost—I saw them safe last about three months ago, about three weeks before she came to the house, when the other people went away—the old man did not go into the room after the prisoner was there—this key of the prisoner's room unlocks my store-room door—I have unlocked the door with it when I have not had the proper key with me—it unlocks it as easy as the right one does, though they are not quite alike—none of the other lodgers had a key that would unlock the door.





JOHN NEWELL
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner about four o'clock, on the 3rd of Dec.—I told her to take her pocket off at the station, and found in it two keys and six duplicates.


Prisoner. I must leave it to the mercy of your Lordship and the gentlemen.




GUILTY
. Aged 52.—


Transported for Seven Years


(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)

Before Mr. Justice Erskine.

