



1783. 




GEORGE WHITE
 was again indicted

 for stealing 1 clock, value 2l., the goods of 




Eliza Geeves.






JOSEPH HEDDINGTON
 (policeman.) On Friday afternoon, the 28th of Aug., a little after three o'clock, I was in Smithfield, and saw the prisoner with a little boy, the witness Watson's son, coming in a direction from St. John's-street, with an eight-day clock under his arm—I saw him go up to the witness Watson in the market—they went away together some distance, and then separated—I went after the prisoner White—the constable went after Watson—I stopped the prisoner, and asked whose clock it was—he said his own—I asked where he got it—he said he won it at a raffle about twelve months ago—he did not know the name of the person he won it from, nor the name of the street—while talking, Watson was brought up, and the prisoner said Watson would own it—Watson said it was his clock—we took them both to the station—Watson had taken the pendulum from the prisoner's hand when he joined him in the market—I took them both from the manner in which they acted.





GEORGE EDWARD WATSON
. I am the son of the witness Watson, and live with him, in Cowcross-street. The prisoner came to my father's home, and asked if Mr. Watson was at home—I said if he wanted him I could take him to him, he was in Smithfield market—he said, "Very well"—my elder brother said, "Take him there"—in going along I took the pendulum out of the prisoner's hand—he said to me, "Your father once bought a case of birds of me"—I said, "Are you the man he bought them of?"—he said, "Yes"—I then went up to my father—the prisoner was behind me—my father took the pendulum out of my hand—I told him the man he bought the stuffed birds of had a clock to sell him—my father said, "Where is he?"—the prisoner came up to him, and said, "Master, you once bought a case of birds of me? will you buy a clock?"—my father said, "I do not want one; if you take it to my house I will have a look at it"—the prisoner went on—my father followed him, and then crossed over to speak to a young man whom he knew.





JOSEPH HEDDINGTON

re-examined. This witness never had the pendulum in his hand—I saw the father take it out of the prisoner's hand.





HENRY WATSON
. My son came to me in Smithfield, and said, "Father, here is the man of whom you bought the stuffed birds; he has a clock to sell"—my son had the pendulum in his hand—I laid hold of it, turned, and saw the prisoner, who said, "Master, will you buy this clock? you once bought some stuffed birds of me"—I said, "I do not recollect your face; I am not particularly in want of a clock; take it to my house, and I will look at it"—he went towards my house—I crossed over to speak to a young man who lodged with me—I said, "I shall not be long"—at Smithfield-bars the police came up to me.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you steal the clock, and give it to me to carry? A. I do not know where the prosecutor lives—I did not see the prisoner till he came to Smithfield.

Prisoner. The policeman was coming; he said, "Here comes a Bob."





JOSEPH HEDDINGTON

re-examined. The prisoner said he used that expression—I asked the prisoner if the clock belonged to him—he said it did how dare I ask him such a question—Watson said the clock was his.





HENRY WATSON

re-examined. I never claimed the clock—in the excitement of the moment he might have misunderstood me—I said he was going to take it to my house.






GEORGE WHITE
 (policeman.) The prisoner said he had sold the clock to Watson, and was going to take it home to his house.





ELIZA GEEVES
. I keep the Golden Lion public-house. This is my clock—I saw it safe in the tap-room at two o'clock that day—the prisoner was in the tap-room at the time, and had some bread and cheese—I did not see him go out.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(The prisoner has been previously convicted of felony.)
