






597. 




WILLIAM SEVIER,



 GEORGE SCULLARD,



 THOMAS RICHARDSON
, and 



ANN GILLINS



, feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Eastman Pryce, and stealing 2 pencil cases, and other articles, value 23s.; 24 pence, and 24 halfpence; his property.


MR. PARNELL
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE HENRY FISHER
. I was in the employ of Thomas Eastman Pryce, of York-terrace, Kent-road, in the parish of St. George the Martyr, Southwark. On 28th Nov. I saw the shop secure, all but the cellar-flap, which had not been secured while I was in his service—a person could have got down, it opened into the shop—there was then a door, which was fastened the night before, it was shut down in the morning, I did not observe whether it was fastened—I have no doubt the persons got in that way, and the street-door was open—I missed tobacco, two pots of marmalade, and about 4s. worth of coppers—Miss Pryce's desk was broken open, I had seen it safe the night before, and had seen in it cases similar to these, and some miniatures in it—Scullard had lived in Mr. Pryce's employ as a porter—he was there when I went on 14th Sept.





ELIZA PRYCB
. I am the prosecutor's daughter. On 28th Nov. I left my desk locked—this miniature and these pencil-cases are mine—they con.tained hair pencils, one of them has the pencils in it now—they were in my desk that night





GEORGE WILD
 (policeman, M 94). I found these two peucil cases at Sevier's lodging, 13, Martin-street, Southwark, on the mantel-piece, in the back-room—he and Gillins lived in that room together—Gillins was the only person there, when I entered—Scullard and Logan came in some time afterwards, we took them—Sevier was in custody before.





ABRAHAM POULDEN
. I am landlord of the house, 13, Martin-street—Sevier and Gillins lived there together—they commenced from 8th Dec—I had seen Scullard there two or three times—I cannot swear to the dates.





JOHN TEAGUE
 (policeman, P 58). On 29th Dec. I took Richardson, and found some keys on him—I went with him to a cottage at Newington,

where he lives—I opened, with one of these keys, a box, in a room where his parents live; I found in it this miniature—he said he bought it of a boy, whom he did not know, for 6d.





RICHARD DAVIS
 (policeman, P 65). On 21st Jan. I showed this miniature to Richardson, asked how he came by it, and said I charged him, with others who were in custody, for breaking into Mr. Pryce's shop, and stealing the miniature and other articles—he said he bought it of a boy in East-lane, and gave him 6d. for it, and he did not know who the boy was; that he talked like a country boy—in going to the station, he said he had had it six months—I am quite sure of that.

Richardson, I did not say so. Witness. Those were the words you used.

Setter. These cases had only been in my room three or four days before they were taken; they were brought by one or the other of them.





GEORGE WILD

re-examined. When I first went to Sevier's, there was only Gillins there—Sevier was taken where he works at his father's, in the Kent-road—he did not come home any more.

Sevier's Defence. At the time this robbery was done, I was very ill for three weeks, and was not outside the door; these parties came when they like; I did not know it.

Scullard's Defence. I was at home on the night of the robbery.





MARIA SCULLARD
. My son was at home on the evening of the robbery—do not know what day it was—I heard of it three or four days afterwards.

SEVIER—



GUILTY
of Receiving.
 Aged 26.

SCULLARD—



GUILTY
of Stealing.
 Aged 17.

RICHARDSON—



GUILTY
of Stealing.
 Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven years



GILLINS—


NOT GUILTY
.
