



573. 




JOHN WILLIAMS
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 purse, value 6d., 1 sovereign, 4 shillings, and 13 sixpences; the property of 



James Heavens, from the person of 



Eleanor Heavens; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ELEANOR HEAVENS
. I am the wife of James Heavens, who keeps the Dove, at Westminster. On the 6th of Jan., about four o'clock in the afternoon, I was looking into a shop window in Westminster—I felt a touch on my left side, which induced me to look round—I had do pocket on that side, but had one on my right—I turned, and saw the prisoner—he took up a silk pocket-handkerchief, wiped his face, and immediately walked off—I felt my pocket, and found my purse was gone—I saw a

City policeman within call—I said, "Policeman, that man has got my purse!"—he went after him—the prisoner walked deliberately till he got to the corner of Watchhorn-street—there was a sovereign, four shillings, and thirteen sixpences in my purse—he ran when he went round the corner—the officer ran and overtook him—in the struggle the prisoner dropped the purse—it was shown to me at the station, and it is mine—I described it before I saw it.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE
Q. Had you been at the shop window long? A. About five minutes—I was going to make a pur-chase, and thought I would make a choice before I went in—I do not know whether there were any other persons there.





THOMAS HUNT
 (City police-constable, No. 454.) About four o'clock that afternoon, I was opposite Lambeth-house, Westminster-road—I saw the prisoner standing on the left side of Mrs. Heavens—I passed them four or five yards, when Mrs. Heavens said, "That man has got my purse"—I followed him—he turned a corner, and ran—I called to a boy to stop him, which he did, and I took him—he said he would go no further—he stopped, and a mob of people collected—I saw the end of a purse hanging in his band, and saw him try to shove it into a female's hand, who was near him—I caught his arm, and he dropped it—I took it—it is the purse the lady swears to—it has a sovereign, thirteen sixpences, and four shillings in it.





GEORGE SHEPHERED
. I heard a cry of "Stop thief!"—I tab down York-street—I saw a great crowd—I got in as much as I could, and saw the prisoner drop the purse—I scrambled after it, got it, and gave it to the officer.

Cross-examined. Q. Did it not occur to you that there might be some danger in laying hold of a purse? A. No—I am a butcher, and have lived with my brother-in-law, Mr. Horton, in Lambeth-marsh, for twelve years.





JAMES BROOK
 (police-constable L 118.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read—Convicted on the 27th of Nov., 7th Vict., and confined four months)—the prisoner is the person—he was tried in this Court.

Prisoner. I never was convicted in my life.

COURT. Q. Were you here? A. Yes, but I was not a witness—I knew him before that trial, and since.





FRANCIS STANLEY
 (City police-constable. No. 311.) I know the prisoner—I saw him at Bow-street in the early part of Nov., 1843, and he was tried in this Court, at the Sessions that month—I am sure he is the man—it was for stealing a purse containing a sovereign and some silver from a lady named Reeve.




GUILTY
. Aged 22. 


Transported for Ten Years


