




389. 




THOMAS SIMPSON
 and 




MARY ANN SIMPSON



, stealing 1 tea-pot, value 14l.; 1 milk ewer, 4l. 10s.; 13 knives, 2l. 10s.; 52 froks, 36l.; 1 ladle,1l.; 21 spoons, 14l.; 1 fish slice, 2l. 10s.; and other articles, value 26l.; the goods of 



John Edwards; in his dwelling-house; Thomas Simpson having been before convicted.

MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN EDWARDS.
 I am a merchant, and live at camber-well-green—the female prisoner was in my service for eight months, in the name of Mary Ann Taylor—she left me in may. on Sunday,31st Oct., at half-past six o'clock in the evening, I accompanied my wife and mother to Church—I returned about half-past eight, and found my house in confusion-the police had been called in—I found that a vast quantity of plate had been taken away from the bedroom—a tea-pot, a seal, a brooch, and some rings were lost—the value of the whole was 123l.





LUCY ELGAR.
 I am servant to Mr. Edwards, and have the care of his plate—I had seen it all safe on Saturday—I left for church on Sunday evening, 31st Oct., from half-past six to seven o'clock—I returned about half-past nine—when I left I am certain I closed the outer door.





ANNIE ELIZABETH EDWARDS.
 I am the prosecutor's daughter. On Sunday evening,31st Oct., I was left at home with the nurse and my brother, who is a little boy—I was part of the time done in the kitchen—I came up

stairs from the kitchen about half-past seven o'clock, and the hall door was partly open—I went up stairs to my mamma's bedroom—the plate drawer was wide open, and only a little of the plate left at the back part of the drawer.





FRANCES TOMLIN.
 I am the wife of Thomas Tomlin—we have part of a house, at 82, Friar-street, Blackfriars-road—the female prisoner came to me for a furnished room, at the beginning of Oct.—she said her husband was an artist, and she had not been long from the country—that her husband was sometimes eight or nine months out of work, but she always had something to make money of—I let her a room, and she and her husband, the male prisoner, came and occupied it on the Monday following. On the 1st Nov. the lodger up stairs spoke to me, and I went into the prisoner's room while they were absent—in the bed I saw the model of a little silver cow—I replaced it—the next morning I went again into the room, in the absence of the prisoners, and saw in a box, a silver tea-pot, a silver cream ewer, and a great quantity of rings, besides other property—this is the tea-pot—I communicated with my husband, and he went for a policeman—the prisoners came home while he was gone—they went up stairs—the man then came down to my parlour door, and said, "You have been in my room"—I said, "I have"—he said, "How dare you go there?"—I said, "I have a right to go"—he went into the yard and began to pull the water-butt about—I said, "Good gracious man, what are you about?"—he said, "I have something here"—he pulled the butt away, and took away a great quantity of knives, but how many I cannot say—he went up stairs, and put the cream ewer and the rings into his pocket, and the other plate he put into a carpet bag—the female said, "The policeman is coming"—he said, "I will go and face any policeman; I am not afraid"—he went off, and the woman too, while I was in the room—he left the tea-pot in the box—the policeman came in about three minutes.





WILLIAM TERRY
, (police-sergeant, M.) On the 2nd Nov. I went to Tomlin's—the prisoners were not there—I searched the room and found this tea-pot in the box—I went to Kidderminster, and with the assistance of Mr. Peter, the inspector there, I found the prisoners.





JOHN PETERS.
 I am inspector of the police at Kidderminster—I have known the female prisoner many years—she is a native of that town—I apprehended her and the male prisoner in bed together, on 12th Nov.—I received a ring next morning from the chambermaid, and some other property from the female's mother—it consists of rings, a brooch, a silver knife, and a pair of earrings—the only remark that was made, was made by the man when I told him the charge—he said, "I suppose we shall get sent over the water.





FRANCES TOMLIN

re-examined. These are the sort of rings I saw—they were in the ewer—the man emptied them into his pocket.





JOHN EDWARDS

re-examined. The whole of this property is mine.





CHARLES ROBINSON BROMLEY.
 I am principal turnkey of the House of Correction, at Liverpool—I produce a certificate of Thomas Simpson's former conviction, at Liverpool, in the name of John Scott—(read—Convicted May, 1844, and confined one month, one week solitary)—I was present at the trial—he is the man.

THOMAS SIMPSON—


GUILTY. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.


MARY ANN SIMPSON—


GUILTY. Aged 21.—



Confined One Year.

