






1248. 




CAROLINE ALLEN,



 MARY ANN SMITH
, and 




CATHERINE GALE
, were indicted for

stealing, on the 
23rd of May, 11 yards of mouslin-de-laine, value 8s., the goods of 



Thomas Simpson* and another.






JAMES WAUGH CHARLES
. I am in the employ of Thomas and Zephaniah Simpson, of Farringdon-street. On the evening of the 23rd of May I was engaged in serving Gale and Smith with mouslin-de-laine dresses—Gale wanted to purchase a dress, and Smith was with her, helping her to choose—Smith objected to different dresses—they bought none—whilst showing them the dresses, Gale whispered something into Smith's ear, which I could not hear—Smith told her to go to the window, and see if she saw anything there that pleased her better, and also told me to pick out anything she pointed out—I was near the window, and did not go out—Gale went out, and came back, saying there was nothing in it to please her—Smith was anxious to get off, saying her husband was wanting his tea, and she had to kindle a fire—I went to another part of the shop to bring some more dresses, and when I returned the prisoners were gone.





WILLIAM ASHFIELD
. I had some painting to do at Mr. Simpson's—I was going to look after my men, and, just as I got to the corner of the door, I saw Smith come out, and go to a female, who was standing at the next door (I am not sure whether it was Allen or Gale—it was the one that was afterwards brought into the shop while I was there) I saw Smith hand something to that female which looked like a dress, and she concealed it under her shawl, or cloak—Mr. Simpsos came out, and took the woman into the shop—I brought Smith back—she was coming away—Charles followed Gale.

Smith. This man was not there at all when I came out, but when I went away from the door he came after me, and said one of my friends was taken inside the shop; I do not know anything about the dress. Witness. I am quite sure I saw what I have described—I had just got up to the door.

Smith. On the 23rd of May I was in doors ill; Gale came and asked me to take a walk with her, which I did, and had some refreshment; she asked me to go to Holborn to purchase a dress; I said there waa quite as good in Whitechapel; she said "No," and we went; before we looked at any, I asked the shopman whether we might be allowed to pay off for one; he asked his master, and said "Yes;" he shewed her some dresses; she said she could not see any to suit her; she went out to see if there was any in the window she liked; I did not know that she had one with her; she came in again, and said she saw none; she told me to get up, which I did, and went out; she stopped behind; Allen called to me, and said, "I have got a dress, has Gale paid for it?" I said, "I do not know; good gracious! take it back."

Gale. It is false; she had the dress with her, and went outside, and gave it to Allen; the gentleman stopped her immediately; I had got two or three doors away from the shop; I went back again, and they told me she was taken to the station-house; I walked up and down for about half an hour, and then I was taken in.

Allen. I came out with Smith and Gale; I was going into the shop with them: Gale said "No, Miss, you are not fit to go in with us, your bonnet is too shabby;" I stopped outside about a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes; Gale came out to me, laughed, and said "Catherine,

here is a dress, walk away with it, do not let Mary Ann Smith know of it;" I thought it very strange, not being wrapped up in paper; I walked as far as the other window till Smith came out; I said "Gale gave me a dress, was it bought?" she said "I am not aware that it is, take it back to the shop;" I said "No, I will not take it back; when she comet out, I will give her the dress;" the man came and took me; he asked me who gave it to me? I said "It was the tallest."

Gale. She is speaking false; Smith's friends put her up to saying this; we are not friends, they have been keeping her in the street; Smith keeps a house for loose girls; I can have a character from Mr. Suter, and Messrs. Rivingtons' of St. Paul's Church-yard, and Mr. Atkinson, in the Minories.





THOMAS SIMPSON
. I am a partner with my brother. I was standing near the prisoners in the shop when Charles went to get some other dresses to show them—I saw Smith leave the shop and watched her—I saw her turn round the corner towards the next house, and slip something under Allen's shawl—I could not see what it was, but I was certain there was something wrong and I went and took hold of Allen, brought her into the shop, and saw the policeman find this dress under her shawl—I know it to be mine, it has our private mark on it—it is mouslin-de-lane, which is a mixture of worsted and cotton—I believe Smith had a shawl on—I did not see whether she took it from under her own shawl—it was done momentarily—they were face to face—Smith's back was to me, I am certain I saw something pass, though I could not see what it was.

Allen. What he saw was when I showed the dress to Smith; Gale gave it to me. Witness. Gale was just inside the doorway at the time, and had no opportunity of handing it to Allen then—Allen had not been in the shop at all.

Allen. Smith is innocent; Gale gave it to me when she came out to the window; I can have a character from Capt. Symes. Witness. Gale went away while I was gone to take Allen—she was given into custody afterwards by Charles, as they were going to the station.





EDWARD COTT
 (City-policeman, 285.) I was called in to Mr. Simpson's, and found this dress under Allen's shawl—the prisoners were afterwards searched, 1s. 1 1/2d. was found on Gale, 3s. 6d. on Smith, and nothing on Allen—Allen said in the shop that a woman gave the dress to her, but she did not know who it was.





JOSEPH HODGES
 (City police-constable.) I apprehended Gale.





JAMES W. CHARLES

re-examined. Gale went out of the shop for about a minute to look at the window—there are two windows—she went to a different window to where Ashfield saw Smith—if she had passed to the other window I could have seen her—she was about purchasing the dress, and of course I paid as much attention to her as I could—I could see by the tail of my eye what she was about—there was nothing to prevent Allen comiog to her and receiving the dress—that might have happened—they offered 5s. as a deposit for a dress—it was not paid—if it had been we should not have parted with the dress till all was paid—we should have kept the dress and money too.

Witness for the Defence.

----GALE. I am the prisoner's father. She was seduced away from her last situation by these parties, or others like them, about nine

weeks ago—she lived six months with Mr. Suter, of St. Paul's, and I have a certificate from her last situation, Mr. Atkinson, of the Minories—Smith's mother keeps a most abominable brothel, where there are a hundred or two hundred of these creatures, in a contracted place—I went there after some of my daughter's things—I have been so indignant at her conduct that I did not even come to see her in Newgate.

ALLEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.

GALE—


GUILTY
 Aged 16.

Recommended to mercy 




Confined Six Months.


SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

