



1547. 



HANNAH BARKER
 was indicted

 for feloniously administering a certain quantity of oxalic acid to 




George Barker, with intent to kill and murder him.—2nd COUNT, for attempting to administer the same.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE BARKER
. I am a shoemaker, and live in Holywell-lane, Shoreditch—the prisoner is my wife—we were married on the 9th of Oct.—she has two children. On Friday afternoon we were at tea—I poured my tea out myself into a mug—she was in the room—there was nothing in the mug before 1 put the tea in—I put sugar in, but no milk—my master's boy then came, which caused me to leave the table—I went about a yard from it to the door—I did not leave the room—when I went I could not see what was on the table—I left my mug on the table—I was at the door about three minutes—? I returned to the table, and observed that my wife had put all the milk into my tea—I had poured some tea into a tea-cup for my wife, and into a little tin pot for my child—there was some milk in a tea-cup when I left the table, and when I came back all the milk had been poured into my mug—I asked her what she had put all the milk into my tea for—she said, "Did not you. want it all in your tea?"—I told her I did not, I never had anything without she had part of it—I poured the tea into the saucer—the saucer was full—I drank almost all of it—I felt it burn me in the throat—it was a very strong acid—I asked her what she had put into my tea—she said, "Nothing"—I said if she did not tell me I would go to the doctor and ask him what she had put into it—I took the mug with the rest of the tea in it—I went to the door, then returned to the table, and asked her to let me feel in her pocket—she refused—I put the mug of tea on the tray—I proceeded to search her pocket, and after once or twice she let me feel in her pocket—I pulled out some white powder on my fingers—I showed her my hand with the powder on it, and asked her what it was—she said it was oxalic acid, as well as she could repeat the words—I

asked her to untie her pocket—she said she would not—I said if she did not I would cut it from her side, which I did—I examined it, and kept it till I handed it over to the police-constable, just as I took it from her side—I took the mug of tea to my father's, and left it there—I took the pocket to Mr. Vane, the doctor, before I gave it to the constable—Mr. Vane wanted to take it, but I did not let it go out of my hand—he put his hand into it, took some of the powder out, and told me what it was—while I was there my father came in with the mug of tea, and placed it on the counter—Vane gave me some medicine—I brought the pocket home again, and left the mug of tea on the counter—I returned home, and found my wife, and my father with her—I fetched a constable and gave her in charge—I then said I had been to the doctor—I asked her for what reason she bought the oxalic acid, if it was with a view of destroying me—she said, "Yes"—I said, "And yourself?"—she said, "Yes"—I said, "And your two children?"she said, "Yes,"to all these questions.

COURT. Q. Were you at that time in great distress? A. No—I had work—I have not been distressed for a day's work for eight months—we lived happily together up to within the last fortnight—I believe I am the father of the eldest child.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Have you struck her? A. Yes, hut never to hurt her—I was not in the habit of striking her—it is a good while since I struck her—I will swear I never kicked her—I did not kick her in a very tender part of her person not long before—I tore her cloak off her back, because she wanted to go to her mother's—her mother has been the instigation of it all—it was my cloak—I did not strike or kick her—I swear I never kicked her—I can swear she kicked me—the children began crying, but not because I treated her so—we were married in Oct.—she was not at her mother's some time after that—she lived with me in a furnished room till Christmas—I did not send her to the workhouse—she was obliged to go there through my being out of employment—it was better to go there than to have died—it is two years and seven months since she went there—it was before we were married—I do not know How long we lived together before we were married—I did not pawn her clothes after we were married—she pawned them herself, not to support herself—it was when I was out of work, and my own clothes were pawned—she pawned the children's clothes also, because I could not get work.

COURT. Q. You said you never wanted a day's work? A. No more I have for the last eight months.

MR. DOANE. Q. Did not she complain to her mother about your beating her with a strap? A. She may have done so—she can take a false oath as well as any one—I never threatened that I would do for her—I never used any threats at all, or any kind of violence—I have called her a b----w----I did not beat her on the last Thursday in July, till she went and pawned the kettle—I never beat her at all—there was not a blow struck—the baby's things were pawned on the Friday, because I had not been to the warehouse and had no work—I do not call that being in distress—all people are liable to that—I did not on that day kick her while she was lighting the fire—I did not kick or strike her at all.





THOMAS VANE
. I am assistant to Mr. Bowen, a surgeon, in the Curtain-road. About four o'clock, on Friday afternoon, the 24th of July, the prisoner came to my shop and asked for a pennyworth of oxalic acid—I wrapped up half an ounce in white paper, and labelled it, "Oxalic acid—poison"—there was quite sufficient to destroy life—I gave it her, and she went away—in about half an hour her husband came—he brought a woman's pocket in his hand—I

put my hand into it, and found some small chrystals, which I examined, and found to be oxalic acid—after that Joseph Barker came, with a mug, three parts full of tea—I kept it as he brought it, till I and Mr. Bowen analyzed it—we detected the presence of oxalic acid—I am quite sure of that—I tasted it—I gave the prosecutor some chalk—he began to spit very much after it, and the saliva was rather frothy, which would be the result of having taken oxalic acid.

Cross-examined. Q. How much did you find in the pocket? A. About a quarter of an ounce—I weighed her half an ounce—there might have been more than half of it left—I did not see the tea-pot—I did not examine any other vessel with tea in it, but that brought to me—I cannot from that judge what quantity the prosecutor had taken, but it must have been a very small quailtity—about a quarter of an ounce would produce sickness if it remained in the stomach—he must have taken much less than that—if a person took two mugs of it it would produce sickness, and killed him, if it remained in the stomach—the small quantity he took would not have killed him—if he had taken the whole it would decidedly have destroyed him—I did not say anything to the prisoner when she bought it—it is used to clean brass and other things, by almost every housekeeper—it is commonly used for domestic purposes—I bad not known her before—I remarked her features particularly—I did not see her again till the next day at Worship-street—I recognized her immediately—I have no doubt of her—I cannot say whether that is the only oxalic acid I sold that day—I never noticed the prosecutor in my shop except when he brought the pocket—I did not recollect his features—I had sold a goodish quantity of oxalic acid that week to women and men, and children too—my shop has pretty much traffic—I might have sold the husband some oxalic acid without recollecting it.





JOSEPH BARKER
. The prosecutor is my son—on Friday afternoon, 24th July, about half-past four o'clock, he brought a mug of tea to my place—I took it out of his hand and followed him with it to Mr. Vane's—I left it there on the counter to have it analyzed—I then went to my son's house, and found the prisoner there crying—I put my hand on her knee, and said, My dear, How could you think of doing such a cruel thing as this?"—(my son was gone for a policeman at the time)—she said, "I meant to destroy him, and should not have been long after him and myself and the two children"—I lire two doors from them—they were not in greater distress than they usually were—the work in our trade is not good—he always paid his way, and made no applica tion for any relief in any way—the policeman came while I was there, and she was taken away.

Cross-examined. Q. Was not she iri the habit of pawning her clothes and the children's? A. Yes, it is a usual thing among all poor people—she may have taken her baby's clothes to pawn, but I was very seldom there, and did not see much of his conduct towards her—they used to live pretty comfortably as far as I saw—I did not see her above once a fortnight or once a week—when she made the statement there was nobody but ourselves and the two children in the room—they are young.





JOHN SEAREY
 (police-constable H 129.) On Friday, the 24th of July, tlie prisoner was given into my charge by the prosecutor—he gave me a pocket, which I produce—I have had it ever since—the prosecutor asked her in my presence How she came to give him the poison—she said she intended to do it for the whole—she did not say what she meant by "the whole."

Cross-examined. Q. Was she in a state of great distress and excitement? A. She appeared very much hurt in her feelings.






HARRIET HAYWARD
. I am female-searcher at Featherstone-street station-house—on Friday evening, the 24th of July, the prisoner was brought thereon my proceeding to search her she said, "God bless you, search me, I have nothing about me"—I found nothing on her—she then said, "I was brought here by my husband for attempting to poison him, but I did not give him sufficient to kill him, for he is here to prosecute me; I meant to give my children some, as they should not be cuffed at, but I am sorry now I did not take it myself'—she said, "It was through my husband's ill-usage and treatment that caused me to do it,"for that afternoon he had beat her a pood deal—she told me to examine her back and I should see the bruises—I examined her back, and saw bruises at the bottom of her back, and on a small part of the shin of her leg—she also had a black eye—she said her husband gave her the bruises the day before—she appeared so much distressed, I was obliged to support her with one arm while I pulled her clothes off with the other.

Cross-examined. Q. She appeared very much excited? A. Very much indeed.




GUILTY
on the 2nd Count.—Recommended to mercy on account of the treatment of her husband
.—



Transported for Ten Years
.
