



743. 




WILLIAM GROOM
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of February, 1 knife, value 8d., the goods of 



Edward Coleman.






HARRIETT MAYNARD
. I am servant to Edward Coleman, who lives in Penny-fields, Poplar. On Monday evening last, about seven o'clock, three boys came outside the shop, one of whom was the prisoner—we beard one say, "There the is"—I went out of the room—the prisoner and another came into the shop, and wanted a knife—we showed them one at 1s.—that would not do—we showed them another two-bladed pocket-knife, that would not do, it was dirty—the prisoner then saw two others—he said one would do, and he took a Jew's-harp out of his pocket, and began to play on it—some boy outside called, "Your father wants you"—the prisoner said, "He don't"—the prisoner went to the door, and before we could get from behind the counter he was gone, and they had taken the knife with them—the prisoner had put it into the other boy's hand, and said, "You should look at a knife before you buy it,"

Prisoner. I did not know that a knife was lost—I have been in the shop several times since—the policeman took me, and the witness said I had not the same clothes on. Witness. He had the same clothes on, but a different handkerchief.





MART REED
. I live with my lather, in Poplar. I was minding the prosecutor's shop, about seven o'clock that evening, and the boys passed—one said, "There she is;" and two of them came into the shop—I and the last witness went to serve them—they asked to look at a 1s. knife—they said it was not sharp enough to cut pens—I showed them three others, two eightpenny ones, and one sixpenny one—the sixpenny one they said they could swallow—the prisoner put a knife in the other boy's hand, and took out a Jew's-harp—he began to play on it, and then the boy outside said, "Your father wants you"—the prisoner said, "He don't"—he went to the door, and they both ran off—I could not catch them—the knife has not been found.

Prisoner's Defence. I did not know that there was any knife lost, I did not have it.




GUILTY
.* Aged 14.—


Transported for Seven Years.—Convict Ship.

