



2257. 




ROBERT WILKINSON
 was again indicted

 for feloniously receiving of an evil-disposed person, on the 
24th of July, 47 pots of ointment called nutritive cream, value 4l. 2s. 6d.; 36 pots of bear's grease, value 2l. 14s.; 10 bottles of balm of Columbia, value 1l.; 14 cakes of soap, value 9s. 4d.; 24 pots of pomatum, value 7s.; 3 boxes of tooth powder, value 6s. 4d.; 1lb. 14ozs. weight of pins, value 1s.; 1lb. weight of pomatum, value 2s.; and 6 pomatum pots, value 1s. 9d.; the goods of 



Thomas Pickford and another, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN GOODMAN
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Kennaby, wholesale perfumers, of Westmoreland buildings, Aldersgate-street. On the 24th of July I received an order from Mrs. Scott, of Barnsley, for a number of articles of perfumery—I packed them in a box on the 20th—I have a copy of the invoice which went with the goods—there were two dozen of Finnegan's cream, at 3s. 6d.; two dozen ditto, at 2s. 6d.; three dozen of Atkinson's bear's grease, at 2s. 6d.; one dozen of balm of Columbia, and other articles—among the things now produced are two out of half a dozen of almond shaving cakes; ten out of a dozen balm of Columbia; one dozen and eleven out of two dozen half-size of Finnegan's cream; the whole of the 3s. 6d. size; three out of one dozen of don to tooth-powder; and also some soap—the gross amount of the articles invoiced is 14l. 4s. 3d.—the invoiced price of the articles found is about 9l. 4s. 2d.—here are all the


dummy pots which were among the things sent—a number of articles have been produced to me by Hay ward the officer, which in every respect correspond with the articles I had put into the parcel—I know some of them by the mark on the outside wrapper—this "2s. 6d." is pat on by Mr. James Kennaby to distinguish the size—that is in precisely the same state as when we sent it out—here is one of the 3s. 6d. since, which is packed precisely as it was when I sent it—after packing the articles I put on the address on the box, "Mrs. Scott, Barnsley, Yorkshire"—I then handed the box over to the porter, and directed him to take it to Mr. Pickford's.





JAMES LEWIS KENNABY
. This parcel has my handwriting on it—I remember receiving the order for these goods, and calling it over with Mr. Goodman—I remember the packing up of the goods—I know the articles were contained in that package—Finnegan'a cream it an article not very easy to be had—there are but few agents in London for the tale of it—I know this particular article came from our shop—we have had but nine dozen of that size since we commenced dealing with Mr. Finnegan, and I know bow they have all been disposed of with the exception of this portion—all those I have sold went into the country, and none in London at all.





ALEXANDER HOWARD
. On the 20th of July I took a package directed to Mrs. Scott, of Barnsley, to Messrs. Pickford's, at the Castle, in Wood-street.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Why do you call it Messrs. Pickford's? A. It is called so—I delivered the goods at the Castle inn to the person who signed my book—that is all I know.





JOHN AYRES
. I am a checker off and porter at Messrs. Pickford's, at the Castle inn, in Wood-street. I received a box in the evening part of the 20th of July, and checked it on the delivery book—it was my business to take the box, and place it among the other goods to go to Barnsley, in Yorkshire, by railway—it would leave our place by wagon, which was to go to the Birmingham railway, where we have a warehouse.





WILLIAM HANDS
. I am clerk at the Castle inn, in Wood-street—it is the concern of Thomas Pickford and Joseph Baxendale. I remember teeing a package there on the 20th of July, directed to Mrs. Scott, of Barnsley—I attended the loading of the wagon—it was loaded to go to the warehouse at the railway station, at Caraden-town—this package was placed on the wagon soon after it was weighed—I saw it weighed, and checked it off in my book.

Cross-examined. Q. Does Mr. Thomas Pickford interfere in the business at all? A. Yea—I believe he acts there—I know he is in the concern—I heard it from them that know—I have not seen him for some time—I cannot say how long—I cannot tell whether I have seen him within this twelve or eighteen months—I might have seen him within the three years—he is at Manchester—I do not know him, no further than by sight—I saw him once when he was in London—I should know him again if I saw him—he is not tall—he is rather stout—it was about fourteen months or two years ago that I saw him—he was then in the yard.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You have always been the clerk of Thomas Pickford and Joseph Baxendale? A. Yes—they pay me my wages.





GEORGE BASS
. I am in the employ of Pickford and Co., and am guard to the wagons that go from Wood-street to Camden-town. On the 20th of July—I took the wagon away from the Castle inn to Camden-town, and saw it unloaded at the warehouse—I do not know whether.

the parcel in question was on the wagon or not—whatever was in the wagon I took to Camden-town—it was not my business to make the way bill—it was Eyre's business to load the wagon.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you see Mr. Pickford? A. I never saw him in my life.





THOMAS PARSONS
. It is my place to check the goods that arrive it Pickford's warehouse, at Camden-town station, by the wagon from Wood-street—I am in the employ of Messrs. Pickford and Baxendale.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you ever see Mr. Pickford? A. Yes, about eighteen months ago, but not at all since—lam not aware that he has been in London since—I saw him then in Camden-town in a gig with Mr. Bax-endale—I had never seen him before—I was told it was Mr. Pickford by his servants, who have known him for many years—he was a tallish man—he was not old or young—I cannot exactly tell the size of a man sitting in a gig—I have known the firm for these twenty years, and always knew it to go by the name of Pickford and Co.





MARY ANN SCOTT
. I live at Barnsley. I gave an order for a quantity of perfumery to Messrs. Kennaby—I never received the goods according to that order.





WILLIAM HOLLAND
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody on Saturday, the 24th of July—when the prisoner was in custody, I and Hay ward went to his house—we had left Fisher, an officer, in the house when we first took the prisoner, and when we returned I saw Hay-ward find, in the parlour, on the left hand side of the door, seventy-three packages, consisting of those now produced—I also saw Hayward bring down twenty-eight more from up stairs, but did not see him find them.





JAMES HAYWARD
. I am a policeman. I went back, after the prisoner was in custody, and found Fisher in possession there—I searched the bouse in company with Holland—in the attic, at the top of the house, I found twenty-eight pots of pomatum laid in a large empty box, with some straw at the bottom—the box had no lid to it—I then went down into the parlour at the back of the shop, and on the left-hand side of the door I found seventy-three more packages of perfumery, covered with a handkerchief—I took all the articles to the station, and have now produced them—they—have been seen by Mr. Goodman and Mr. Kennaby.





THOMAS FISHER
. I am a policeman. I was left in charge of the premises from the time the prisoner was taken into custody by Holland till they were afterwards searched in my presence by Holland and Hayward, when the prisoner was in custody—I know where these things were found in the parlour—nothing was done with those articles after the prisoner was taken into custody—no one had access to that part of the premises while I was there—they must have been in the same position as when he left—I saw a parcel in the corner, with a handkerchief covered over them, when I first went in, and it afterwards turned out to be the seventy-three articles of perfumery.

Cross-examined. Q. He had been taken away in custody? A. Yes and I remained behind till the officers returned—I was only there about an hour.





HENRY WILLIAM DUBOIS
. I am a policeman. I found this book lying on the window-ledge in the parlour at the back of the shop—among numerous other entries there is an entry of "Job of scents 5l."

Cross-examined. Q. A great many of the other entries are in pencil?


A. A good many—there is no other entry in ink but that, in that page, only the entry in the cash balance—here is another entry in ink on another folio, "Three dozen sticks," and that is the only other one in ink; all the others are in pencil—I took two other books away—the prisoner was in custody at the time—ink marks are much more difficult to rub out than pencil.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. There is a mode of tearing them all off together? A. Certainly, or scratching out with a knife; but I see no erasure here, nor any marks rubbed out—the prisoner was apprehended on the 24th—I found this book on the 26th.





DANIEL BAILEY
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Thomas Pickford and Joseph Baxendale. They are the carriers from the Castle inn, in Wood-street, to the station at Camden-town.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you see Mr. Pickford? A. About six months ago—I saw him on our premises then—I have been in the employ ever since—I will not swear I have seen him since.

COURT. Q. You have no reason to suppose he has turned over his business to any one else? A. Not the slightest.
(Henry Bakewell, Church-street, Shoreditch; Charles Theodore Curley, warehouseman to Williams and Mottram, Wood-street; and Samuel Rolfe, tailor and draper; deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Ten Yean.
