



1170. 




SAMUEL MAYNEY
 was again indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




John Rout, at Camberwell, and stealing 1 till; 2 sovereigns; 1 half-sovereign, and other moneys; 56lbs. weight of currants, and other articles, value 10l.; his property.



MR. CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN ROUT.
 I am a chandler, at Camberwell. On 13th March, about a quarter-past twelve o'clock, I was putting up my shutters, in consequence of the mob coming—as I put up the last, the mob came up—they said they would save me the trouble—they took it from me, pulled down the others, and commenced beating in the window—I went into the shop and bolted the door—they broke in the glass and frame—Mayney came in, took the till, took about 3l. out of it, and threw the till at my wife's head—I swear positively to him—they took away and destroyed property to the amount of 29l. 15s.—it is my dwelling-house, and is in Camberwell parish—it is about five minutes' walk from Southampton-street.

Prisoner. I am placed here innocently, through you and others swearing against me falsely.





THOMAS IRELAND.
 I am foreman to Mr. Hatfield. On 13th March I saw the prisoner, about a quarter past twelve o'clock, in front of Mr. Hatfield's, which is about three minutes' walk from Wyndham-road.

Prisoner. You never recongnised me on the first examination; I was remanded for a week. Witness. I was at the Lambeth-court, but a report came that the mob was in the neighbourhood, and I went out; that was why I did not give evidence on Tuesday—I distinctly swear to you.

Prisoner. One of the policeman said that the prosecutor took the till into his parlour.





JOHN ROUT

re-examined. No—two of them got the desk out—I jumped out after them and took it, and threw it back to my wife—she took it into the parlour—the prisoner said at the police-court, "I shall get out of this with two or three weeks, and I will see that you are burnt out of house and home."




GUILTY. Aged 22.—


Transported for seven Years more.

