





1152. 




MARY LAWSON
 and 




MARGARET HALL
 were indicted for

 a robbery on 



Robert Newman Sanders, on the 
18th of March, taking from his person and against his will, 1 knife, value 1s. 6d.; 1 box, value 1d.; 16 pens, value 2d.; 1 cork-screw, value 9d.; 1 half-crown, 2 shillings, and 1 sixpence, his property; and immediately before, at the time of, and after the said robbery, striking, beating, and using other personal violence to him.






ROBERT NETWMAN SANDERS
. I am a foreman in the West India docks, and live in Sophia-street, Poplar. On the 18th of March, about two o'clock in the morning, I was in Vinegar-lane, going home; I had got opposite the Two Mariners public-house, and saw four or five women standing on the pavement by a door there—(I had been up in town on business and was going home)—I know the prisoners were two of them—Hall stepped towards me and wanted me to go in doors—I cannot exactly say what she said—I refused and was about passing on—I then got abreast of the door, and instead of letting me pass the women hussled me into the passage and threw me on a bed in the room—there were five women round me—I cannot say whether there were more—I was thrown on the bed, my legs were taken from under me by somebody, and I was thrown on my left side, and was kept down by one holding my head—Lawson held my right arm back, while Hall tore open my coat—I struggled all I could—Hall stood between my legs, tore open my coat, and took half-a-crown and 2s. 6d. from my waistcoat pocket, and a knife, a cork-screw, and a small box of steel pens from my trowsers pocket—they left the room—I followed them and called "Police"—nobody came, and I went to the station-house—a policeman went back with me to the house—I found Lawson and another woman there—I could not identify the other, but I gave Lawson in charge—in going to the station-house she said she had not got my property, but Woolwich Ann had, and she was gone to Walker's, in Albion-street—we went there and found Hall in bed with a man there—I saw the constable find my knife, cork-screw, and box of steel pens in that room by the side of the bed—I was perfectly sober.

Margaret Hall. He went into the house with me and gave me 1s. 6d.—he was with me there a considerable time—the woman came and said the room was wanted, and he went away; he came back in two hours and said I had robbed him—I said, here are some things he had left here and I should keep them, supposing he was gone—I had been drinking all night.





SAMUEL LEWIS
. I am a policeman. The prosecutor came to me on the morning of the 18th of March, about a quarter to three o'clock—he was quite sober—he complained of being robbed—I went with him to the house, and took Lawson—she denied having been in the room with him at all—I searched for his property, but I could find nothing—I took her to the station-house, and she said it was Woolwich Ann had been with him—she was quite sober, and in her bed-dress.





SAMUEL HOOD
. I am a policeman. I apprehended Hall between four and five o'clock in the morning, in Albion-street, in bed with a man—I found a cork-screw and box of steel pens near the bed, and a knife on the mantel-piece—while I was searching she ran down stairs into a neighbour's house four or five doors off—when I took her she denied the robbery, and said

would the prosecutor be satisfied with his property back—I said I should not allow that.





ROBERT NEWMAN SANDERS

re-examined. These are my (things—they were not in the same pocket as the money—I am certain it was Lawson held my arm—there was a candle on the table.

Lawson's Defence. It is false, I never was in the room.

LAWSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 35.

HALL—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.
Of the Robbery without violence.




Transported to Fifteen Years.
