



396. 




JANE THORNBURY the Younger, was indicted

 for stealing 1 ring, value 5l.; 5s.; and 84 yards of silk, 14l.; the goods of Jane Thornbury and another: 1 gown, 3l.; the goods of 



Jane Batty, in the dwelling-house of the said 




Jane Thornbury, and that she had been before convicted of felony.






JANE THORNBURY
. I am single, and keep a haberdasher's shop in High Holborn. The prisoner is related to me—she was staying with me about the latter end of Oct. or the beginning of Nov.—she left on the 10th of Nov.—I afterwards missed a diamond ring and some silk—this is the ring—(produced) and this silk is mine—I know it by the colour, the selvidge, and the quality—it was. marked, but the mark is taken off—it exactly corresponds with what I had—it was kept up stairs in the warehouse—the ring was in a small box, on the glass, in the bed-room—Jane Batty is an assistant in the shop—I pay the rent of the house, and live in it—it is in the parish of St. Giles's-in-the-Fields.





JANE BATTY
. This gown is mine.





WILLIAM PETHEBRIDGE
. I am in the employ of the executors of Mr. Hedges, pawnbroker, Drury-lane. On the 28th of Oct. I took this diamond ring in pledge—I have reason to believe of the prisoner—I do not swear to her—I gave her a duplicate.





GEORGE NUTT
, shopman to William Brown, pawnbroker, Ryder's-court, Leicester-square. On the 7th of Nov. this black silk was pledged with us—to the best of my belief by the prisoner—I cannot say positively—I gave a duplicate for it.






JAMES SCHOFIELD
, shopman to Mr. Hall, Piazza, Derby. On the 15th of Nov. some black silk was pledged with us by the prisoner, in the name of Green—I can positively swear to her—on the 18th she pledged some more in the name of Elizabeth Hammond—I cannot swear she pledged that.





GEORGE WESTON
 (police-sergeant.) On the 15th of Dec. the prisoner was given into my custody at Manchester—I have three duplicates, which I got from the superintendent of police at Manchester, in the presence of the prisoner—I asked her whether they were the duplicates taken from her box—she said they were, and were her aunt's property, that she pledged at Derby.





JAMES SCHOFIELD

re-examined. I can swear to the writing on this ticket being mine.

Prisoner's Defence. I took the thirty-six yards of silk and pledged it, but not the ring.





EDWARD DAVIS
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from Salford, in Lancashire—(read)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person tried and convicted.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Baron Rolfe.

