





241. 




GEORGE WELSH,



 HENRY THOMAS
, and 




JERRY MINEY
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
3rd of Dec., 1 purse, value 6d.; 1 crown, and 3 shillings; the property of 



William John Smith, from the person of 



Emma Ann Smith; and that Welsh and Miney had been before convicted of felony.






EMMA ANN SMITH
. I am the wife of William John Smith—he is a pianoforte-maker—we live in Union-street, Somers-town—I was passing down Drummond-street, Euston-square, on the 3rd of Dec., between twelve and one o'clock—I went on into Seymour-street, and the constable spoke to me—I missed my netted cotton purse from my right-hand pocket—I had a 5s. piece and three shillings in it—I had felt it safe a few minutes before—I do not know how I lost it.





WILLIAM HILES
. I live in Leigh-street, Burton-crescent, and am a butcher. On the 3rd of Dec., between twelve and one o'clock, I was with Reed, a constable, in Tottenham-court-road—he and I followed the three prisoners to Hampstead-road, and down Drummond-street—there is a space between the entrance to the railway-station and the street—I there saw Miney go to the prosecutrix, draw something from her pocket, and pass it to Welsh—the prisoner Thomas was about a yard before the prosecutrix, with a whip in his hand, which he smacked and flourished about, which I supposed was to take her attention—the three prisoners then all ran round to Seymour-street—the officer spoke to the prosecutrix, and I followed the three prisoners—I caught Thomas in Drummond-crescent—he said he had not done anything—I took him back to where the officer had the other two prisoners, and he searched them—the prisoners had all come together from Tottenham-court-road.





MICHAEL REED
 (police-constable E 30.) I saw the three prisoners together that day at the bottom of Tottenham-court-road—I followed them, and Hiles accompanied me at my request—I saw the prisoners go on to the entrance of the railway—I there saw Miney and Welsh go and walk by the side of Mrs. Smith, and Thomas was a short distance before her—I saw Miney place his right hand under her pocket, lift it up, and put his left hand in her pocket, and take out something, which he passed to Welsh, and then all the three prisoners ran down to Drummond-crescent—I told Mr. Smith, and then I apprehended Miney and Welsh—I found on Welsh this 5s. piece—he said, "It is my own money—I saved it up"—I found on Miney this whistle—I found no shillings—I took them to the station, and requested another officer to go and look for the purse which I had been unable to find—he brought this purse—Mrs. Smith said she had a 5s. piece and three shillings in her purse, and the 5s. piece was an old One, and this is an old one—I apprehended the two prisoners exactly in front of the rails where this purse was found.





JOHN HILSDEN
 (police-constable S 42.) I went to Seymour-street at the request of Reed, and inside some rails I found this purse, which the prosecutrix identifies.





EMNIA ANN SMITH

re-examined. This is my purse—it was found about three minutes walk from the place where I was spoken to by the officer—I

recollect the crown-piece 1 had was an old one, with a George and dragon on it as this has.

Thomas's Defence. I met these two boys in Tottenham-court-road, and went with them; Welsh said he was going to fight a boy.

Miney's Defence. I was going up the street; I never saw the lady; he never saw me do anything at all.

Welsh's Defence. I am innocent of taking anything from her; the 5s., piece was my own money which I had saved up; my mother knows I had a 5s. piece; I had 6s. 11 d. altogether.
(Witnesses for the Defence.)





ANN WELSH
. I am the wife of an able seaman. The prisoner Welsh is my son—I live in Turnham-crescent, Euston-square-my son was living at home with me on the 3rd of December—my son does what he can, and earns a few halfpence—I never knew him to do wrong in my sight, but he wanted a ship of all things—on the very morning he was taken I gave him 6s. to pay a debt which I borrowed—I went out to work that morning, and left it on the mantel-piece for him when he got up, and I told him to pay it to Margaret White, who is here—she is a hard working girl—the money was my hard earnings for work at Mr. Hughes's—I went out at five o'clock, and left my son a shilling and a 5s. piece—I do not know whether it was old or new—I think it was middle worn—I did not look at either side of it—I never looked—I received it from Mrs. Wilson—she is not here—she does not know my trouble, or I should lose all my work.





MICHAEL REED
. This woman told me she gave him two half-crowns, and asked me what money was found.

COURT
to Witness. Q. Upon your oath did you not tell the officer it was two half-crowns? A. On my oath, and no lie, I told him I gave the boy a 5s.-piece and a shilling—I always said so—I had not a farthing more money in the house till I came home at night—I had borrowed the money of White, and had nothing left when I paid her—I told my son when lie got up to take it to her.





MARGARET WHITE
. I have lent Mrs. Welsh money several times—I cannot say when—she owes me now five or six shillings—she has not paid me any back, only a sixpence three weeks ago—I lent her the greater part of it months ago—the means she had of paying me back was by going out to wash—her boy did not come to me on the 3rd of Dec.—I did not see him till they let me in to see him at Newgate—I think his mother owes me 6s. 8d., or 6s. 9d.; but I know whatever it is she is honest enough to pay—she bears a most excellent character as an honest hard working woman.





MICHAEL REED
. Mrs. Welsh met me outside the Court yesterday she said, "Are you the man that has got my boy?—I said, "Yes"—she told me she gave her boy 6s., two half-crowns and a shilling, to pay a bill with.

Witness. I was with Mrs. Welsh at the time she said to this policeman, "What was the money? I understood the money taken from the person was two half-crowns"—he said, "You are quite mistaken, it was a 5s. piece"—she said, "I gave my son a 5s. piece"—he said, "Was there any marks on it?"—she said, "I cannot say"—he said, "There is, it has three marks on it"—I said, "It is very funny, as she is but a carpenter's

wife, that she should have time to mark money"—Mrs. Welsh did not say she gave her son two half-crowns—she said it was a 5s. piece—I will be on my oath this moment she said she gave her son a 5s. piece, and she understood it was two half-crowns found on the boy.





MICHAEL REED

re-examined. I am sure I am not mistaken—Brook came up just after, and I told him what she had said.





JAMES BROOK
 (police-constable L 118.) I produce a certificate of Welsh's former conviction—(read—"convicted on the 3rd of July, 7th Viet., and imprisoned ten days.")—the prisoner is the person.





RICHARD ETHERIDGE
 (police-constable E 163.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Miney's former conviction, by the name of John Bullen—( read—"Convicted on the 19th of Aug., 7th Vict., and imprisoned three months")—the prisoner is the person.

WELSH—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.—


Transported for Ten Years
.

THOMAS—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.—



Confined Two Months.


MINEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 11.—


Transported for Ten Years
.
