



2293. 




CHARLES MANSER



, stealing, whilst employed under the Post-office, a post-letter, containing a sovereign, of 

Her Majesty's Postmaster-General.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution,





JOHN PLAYLE
. I am inspector of letter-carriers at the General Post-office. The prisoner was a letter-carrier, and has been so employed nearly seven years—his district was Long-lane, Berraondsey—at the latter end of Sept., from reasons that were considered sufficient by the authorities of the General Post-office, I prepared a letter for the purpose of testing the honesty of the deliverers of that district—I enclosed it in an envelope, and I saw Mr. Russell pat a sovereign into it—we both marked it—Mr. Russell sealed it, and it was addressed "Mr. Joseph Barr, Windsor Castle, 27, Long-acre, London"—the letter was written on the 28th, and the sovereign marked on the 29th Sept.—it was made up on the 29th, and I posted it in the hall of the General Post-office on the morning of the 30th, shortly after five o'clock—Mr. Gardner, the clerk, there received it of me—I saw the prisoner while on his duty that morning, between six and eight—the address on the letter was not an address within his delivery—supposing it was found among his letters, it would be called mis-sorted—it would then be his duty to take it to the blind-sorter, before he went out to deliver his letters—he went out that corning about eight—I was in Mr. Kelly's room when he was brought in by one of the inspectors at half-past eleven—Peak was present, and searched the prisoner—I saw Peak produce a sovereign, which I examined, and found it was the sovereign 1 had previously enclosed in the letter, and was part of the public money of the Post-office which I had had for the purpose (looking at it)—I find both my own marks on it.





THOMAS RUSSELL
. I was present when this letter was made up and addressed to Mr. Barr—I marked the sovereign that was put in, and sealed the letter myself—I gave it to Mr. Playle—this sovereign has my own mark on it—I put only one mark on it in the milling at the foot of the shield.





JOHN GARDNER
. I received a letter addressed to Mr. Barr, from Mr. Playle, on 30th Sept., early in the morning—I gave it to Mr. Rice—it then appeared to contain coin.





HENRY RICE
. I received a letter, addressed to Mr. Barr, from Gardner—I carried it to the Inland Office, to division No. 12, which includes the prisoner's walk—I placed it among the letters already sorted for the Long-lane district, of which the prisoner was the carrier—I put it there after the letters had been sorted—they are first placed on the sorting-table, and then brought to the different walks by messengers employed for the purpose—a person named Mills, who was tried here the day before yesterday, was employed that morning in carrying letters from the sorting-table to the different divisions—I put this letter among the letters that were on the

sorting-table—before the letter-carrier leaves the office he sets, as it called, his letters, that is placing them in order, to enable him to deliver them more conveniently.





MATTHEW PEAK
. I was on duty this morning at the General Post-office, about twelve o'clock in the day, and was directed to search the prisoner—I did so, and found this sovereign, one half-sovereign, 22s. in silver, and 7 1/2 d. in copper—he was asked where he got the money from—he said the half sovereign and 2s. he had taken from a letter-carrier named Crusher that morning; the sovereign and other money he had brought from his house and was his own—he was detained in custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Had he been watched from six o'clock that morning? A. Not that I am aware of—I had received no order to watch him—he had no parts of any letter about him—I think the money was loose in his pocket.





JOSEPH BARR
. I reside at the Windsor Castle, 27, Long-acre. I received a letter containing a sovereign some days since, but not on that day—I cannot say exactly how long it was after.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you receive any by post? A. Not on that day—I have since—I have not got it here.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Was it from a person you knew? A. Yes—I cannot say who it was from now—I am in the habit of receiving money through the Post-ofiice two or three times a week—I knew of this plan before it took place—the Post-office had communicated with me about it.
(Charles John Devereux, that-manufacturer; Frederick Barrett, builder; and James Cordery, of Long-lane, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years
.

Before Mr. Justice Maule.
