





168. 




JOHN CUMMINS
, 




EDWARD DONOVAN
, and 




HENRY MORGAN
, were indicted for

 a robbery on 



William Bevan, and stealing from his person 1 bag, value 2d., and 16s.; his property.






WILLIAM BEVAN
. I am a sailor. On 28th Nov. about ten o'clock at night, I saw the prisoners in a public-house at Dockhead—they asked me to treat them, and I did so, and changed a sovereign—I put my change in a bag in my right trowsers pocket—I then had sixteen shillings in it, in half-crowns and shillings; it was mostly shillings—there was one new one—when I came out, I met two women; I asked them where I could get a lodging—the prisoners followed us—Cummins caught hold of me on one side and Morgan on the other—I said, "I will not have anything to do with you, if that is the way you are going on"—they said if I would give them a pint of gin they would keep clear of me—I went back and treated them—I came out again

and they followed me—when we got to the lodging outside the door, Cummings struck me in the face—I fell with my head against the step of the door, and my senses were gone—I knew nothing more after that—when I came to, my bag and money were gone—I was not sober.





JANE SMITH
. I and another female were with Be van; the prisoners came up—I knew Cummins and Morgan—they would insist on following us—at the lodging-house door Cummins pushed the sailor down by his shoulder—he did not strike him—he struck his head on the kerb—Donovan and Morgan were on each side of him with their hands in his pockets, while Cummins held his head between his legs—I fetched a policeman, and gave them in charge.





PHOEBE ANN HUNT
. I was with Smith and Bevan. The prisoners followed us—when we got to the lodging, Cummins came behind Bevan and pulled him down by the shoulders—his bead struck the stones—Cummins held him, while the other two went to his trowsers pockets—we ran for a policeman.





WILLIAM TOWERSE
 (policeman, M 38). About half-past ten o'clock I was on duty, and saw the prisoners on each side of Bevan, and one walking behind—he was the worse for liquor—they were sober—about a quarter before twelve I saw them again with the two women, and about a quarter of an hour after that I saw them going towards their home—I received information and took them—Cummins was in bed.





JOHN WALLIS
 (policeman, M 224). On 29th Nov., about a quarter-past twelve o'clock, I was called, and found Bevan lying on the pavement on his face, bleeding very much from a wound on the top of his head—here are his trowsers (produced)—one pocket is torn right off—I took him to the station, and afterwards picked up this canvas bag, with three shillings and two six pences in it.





WILLIAM BEVAN

re-examined. This is my bag, and was in my pocket that evening.

Cummins' Defence. Bevan was not in a fit state to go to his ship, and asked me to see him there; as we went along, we met the two women; be would go with them; I insisted on following, as be bad been in my charge all night; it was most likely after we left him that the women robbed him, and then informed the police.

CUMMINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

DONOVAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

MORGAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.






Transported for Ten Years.

