



377. 




GEORGE WILMOTT



was indicated for feloniously cutting and wounding 



Susannah Haines in and upon her head, with intent to murder her.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be to disable.—3rd COUNT, to do grievous bodily harm.—4th COUNT, that he, being armed with certain weapons, did assault with intent to rob her.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.


SUSANNAH. I am the wife of Henry Matthew Haines, a painter—we live in a cottage at the back of Paradise-terrace, Liverpool-road, Islington. He never works at home—he usually comes home about dusk, between six and seven o'clock, except on Saturday nights, when he is later—we were both acquainted with the prisoner—he was in the habit of coming to see us—on Saturday evening, the 14th of Nov., he came to the cottage, between five and six o'clock—it was dusk—my husband was not at home—our cottage is lonely—he tapped at the window—I said, "Who is there?"—he said, "It is me"—I knew his voice well, and opened the door, and said to him, "Are you alone?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "Is anything the matter?" seeing him alone, (as he never came to our house, except the night before, without a person I thought was his wife)—he said, "No"—he came in, and said, "I came to ask if you had such a thing as a bit of paint to give me?"—I said, "I have not such a thing in the house"—he put his back to the door—I did not ask him in, as I wondered at seeing him alone, but he stepped in on the mat, asked me for the paint, put his back against the street door, and pushed it to, and it fastened—he kept rubbing his hands—he said he had been putting a bit of wood up at home, and wanted to colour it—he walked into my sitting-room, which is the next room, and said, "I have been over to Newington again, "(he had said on Thursday that he had been to Newington,) to pay the interest on some pledges, as he had not money enough on Friday, and was obliged to again—I said, "Why did you not say so when here yesterday? I would have given you enough to save you the journey that night"—he said, "I was too tried"—"I said, "Will you like to sit down and take a pipe?" as my husband and he often smoked together—he said, "Thank you", and I gave him a pipe and tobacco—after he had smoked a short time, I was putting some meat into the pot on the fire, which I had just brought in for my husband's supper, having my things on—he said, "You will not have your husband's supper ready"—I shall, it is not more than six o'clock; I do not expect him till between eight and nine"—he said, "You have got your things on, I am keeping you"—I said, It does not matter for a quarter of an hour or so, while you rest"—I was then putting the meat into the pot on the fire—it was necessary to turn round to do so, which I did—he stood close to me; and when I rose up my head after doing so, he was standing close to me; with his hands in his trowsers pocket, and a pipe in his mouth—my eye caught his, and he gave me a dreadful look, which I could not understand—I became quite flurried, and turned back about two steps towards the window—I heard his step behind me, and received a most tremendous blow on the top of my head—I was half round the table at that time—he followed me round the table—I had a light burning on the table—the first thing I observed after he followed me was a tremendous blow on my head, and the light went out at the same moment—the blow was from some substance—I should not think it was a fist—he never spoke—I screamed, "Murder!" and made

to the front door as well as I could, and before I could get more than half a yard I received another blow—I then got to the front door—I received another blow before that—I then tried to get my hand on the latch to open the door—he turned me from the door, and pushed me into the corner of the room by the window, and there repeated the blows, I cannot say how many times—after striking me a great many times, he caught hold of me, and tore my bonnet off, and tried to tear my throat open—I thought I was struggling for my life, and seized him by his head, thinking it was the last struggle—I held his head under my arm, by the hair, and got to the door—I was sensible enough to know I had his head under my arm—I was crying "Murder!" all the time, and when I got the door open my cries were heard —I kept my feet for a few yards after I got out of the door, and then was caught in the arms of a witness—I was afterwards attended by a surgeon—the prisoner was taken, and brought to me towards morning, and I knew him directly—when he called on the Friday asked me what sort of Christmas I thought I should pass—I said, "I do row; my husband is going home to see his friends, and I must spend mine after he comes back; he has a father and mother in the country"—he said, "That will be expensive"—I said, "Yes; I dare say it will cost 5l. or 6l.; it seems a pity to spend money in that way that is hard earned, but he is a very solid man, and does not spend money"—about a month or more ago I had a conversation with him about a robbery in the cottage of Gilbert, whom he knew well—I was speaking about their being robbed while we were both out—he said, "It was a good thing they did not rob your house"—I said, "If they had broken into my place they could not have taken anything but clothes, as what money I have I always carry about me"—he said, "It is a wonder you carry it about you, there are so many robberies"—I said, "Well, I always do, and it would not be taken from me without my life"—I never had any quarrel with the prisoner—I have occasionally lent him money of my husband's, a sovereign at a time—the prisoner never spoke a word from beginning to end during his attack on me—I bled a good deal, and was wounded.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not go into the yard to get me some paint? A. No—I had none. Q. On what occasion did you lend me money? A. Your Wife, as I thought her, had asked me for a sovereign in your presence—I went Once with Constantine to look for a cottage for you—I lent your wife a sovereign to pay the last quarter's rent—I saw you at Christmas, 1845, and as we went home my husband said he thought you were in distress, and if half-a-sovereign would do you good he wished he had let you have it—I said I would get up next morning and take it to you, which I did—when I got there I said, "Did you see anything of my purse?"—you said, "No"—I said, "Well, you stated you were in distress; my husband told me to bring you half-a-sovereign"—it was said you were in want of food—I know nothing about your opening a shop. Q. You say I gave you a strange look? A. You had a horrible look, which I shall never forget—the moment you gave me the blow, the candlestick went on the floor—when you were brought to me to be identified I said you were the man—I had known you five years—I said, "You have left me just life enough to speak, which you thought you had not." RICHARD GILBERT. I live in the same sort of cottage as the prosecutrix. On the 14th of November I was at home—it was very dark—at six o'clock, while I was sitting in my cottage, I heard a sort of stifled shriek, which afterwards broke out into a women's scream—I did not hear anything but screaming—I was too far to hear words—I went out directly in the direction in which I heard the screams—I ran against the prosecutrix, pushed her down,

but caught hold of her and prevented her going to the ground—we were running in opposite directions—I found her bleeding, and said, "Who is it?"—she did not seem sensible enough to answer, but kept calling out "Murder"—she was covered with blood, her neck, bosom, and every thing—at the time I ran against her I heard footsteps running from the immediate spot, going towards the end of the alley—this is the bonnet she had on—it was in this state. With blood on it, then—I took her into her own cottage, and on the door-post of the cottage I observed blood spirted, and also on the brick reveal, which was lime-whited and showed the blood—on going into the cottage, blood fell from her person—she was quite exhausted—her spirits kept her body up—in a few minutes she got round a bit—the prisoner was brought to the cottage by the police the same evening—I was down stairs, and Haines and his wife were up stairs—I heard a few words pass, such as "Why did you do it?"—the first words I heard the prisoner say were, "Well, I did it; you shall know what for"—I then heard him say, "I did it for revenge and satisfaction"—Mrs. Haines is a peaceable woman, and respectable in her station.

Prisoner. Q. When you took her into the house, where did you find the candlestick? A. Not in the house, but outside—the candle was about two feet in the parlour, burning on the carpet—it had fallen on the carpet, and caused the carpet to flare.





HENRY MATTHEW HAINES.
 I live in one of three cottages near Paradiseterrace. It is a lonely situation—they are small cottages, with three room—the nearest one to mine would be about fifteen yards—they are detached—there is no light in the alley—I have known the prisoner four years and better—on Friday, the 14th of Nov., I found him at the cottage on my return home—he had some tea there, and staid about twenty minutes after my return—in the course of our acquaintance, he knew when I was in the habit of receiving my wages—I received them at six, or half-past six, o'clock on Saturday evenings—I am sure he was aware of that—he has been several Saturday nights, and supped with us, when I have received my wages and spoken of it—on this Saturday I returned home at a quarter to eight o'clock, and found my wife with her head dressed, and four or five people in the house—her hair was all cut off, and there was blood on the table—she had been seriously injured—there was a hat in the room—it was not mine—I thought it was the prisoner's—I saw the prisoner at the station the same evening—he was told in my presence that he was charged with cutting and wounding my wife—he said he had not been there, he had not been at Holloway, which is where we live—he afterwards said he did it for revenge and satisfaction—he looked over his left shoulder at me, and said, "I should have done it the night before if you had not come home too soon."

Prisoner. Q. You recollect being at the house where I lived, last Christmas-eve twelve months? A. Christmas-eve or Christmas-day, I do not know which—you were about opening a little shop about that time—the shop was not at your place—my wife went next morning to lend you some money—you had not directly asked for it—you said you were in poverty, that your income had fallen off—my wife has lent you money, and we took a table and things in return—I think my cottage is fifteen or twenty yards from the back of Paradise-terrace.





WILLIAM HOWARD
 (police-constable N 22.) On the 14th of Nov., in consequence of information I received, I went in search of the prisoner, found him in Odey-place, Somers'-town, and watched him into a shop in Edward-street—I procured the assistance of Brennan, who took him and brought him to me—I asked him if his name was Smith—he said "No"—Brennan asked

him if he had been at the back of Pardise-terrace that night—he said "No, he had not been there—he was taken to the station, and from there I and another constable took him to Mrs. Haines' cottage—he was shown to her—she said "That is the man"—the prisoner then said that he had done it, and she knew what it was for—I produce Mrs. Haines' bonnet, which was found in the cottage

Prisoner. Q. Has the bonnet ever been out of your possession? A. I has been locked up at the station—it has in my brother constable hands—I swear it is in the same state as when I received it—I recollect leaving you with another officer—when I took you to the police—office I had a candlestick with me—I do not know whether the other constable tried to fit the candlestick into the bonnet

MR. CLARKSON.
Q. Does the bonnet appear to have received dents, from blows? A. Yes.





JAMES BRANNAN
(policeman.) On the 14th of Nov. I took the prisoner—I told him I took him for an assault on women at back of Paradiseterrace, Liverpool-road—he said he assaulted no women, and did not know where it was—I asked him if he name was Bentley—he said, "No," that was the name I' had given me—I asked if he knew any person living at the back of Paradise-terrace—he said no, he did not know any person there—I took him to the station, and sent for Haines—the prisoner there denied assaulting anybody—he was afterwards taken to Mrs. Haines's house, and confronted with Mrs. Haines—Mrs. Haines pointed to him, and said, "That is the man that assaulted me!"—he said, "Yes I did it, and she knows what for"—I said to her, "Do you know any cause why he should do it?"—she said, "No"—he replied, "Idone it for revenge and satisfaction; I would have done it last night, only you came home too soon, "(turning round to Mr. Haines)—after taking him back to the station, I examined. and found two spots of blood on the back of his trowsers, and one on his shirts.

MRS. HAINES
re-examined. Q. I believe you had been out, and had not taken off your things? A. Yes—I had my bonnet on when I received the blow.





RAYMOND LEVI HAYNES.
 I am a surgeon, and live at Holloway. I was called on the 14th of Nov. to see Mrs. Haines at the cottage at the back of Paradise-terrace—I found her very much exhausted, and several wounds on her head, which had bled considerably, but were not bleeding much then—there were five incised wounds, which were also bruised—one of an angular shape, which corresponded with the front hole through her bonnet—another angular one, about two inches more backwards; which corresponded with no hole in her bonnet—a third, about two inches and a half from the centre, and two on the right side—there were two contusions on the back of the head, one about the size of a walnut, the other not quit so large—they were serious injuries—I consider a chisel the most likely instruments to have done it—I attended her about weeks—the cuts appeared to have been inflicted with considerable violence, as although the bonnet was on, the scull was laid bare in three places—the hair was also cut through—I had reason to fear on the 16th that her life might be danger—there was a trifling wound on her ankle.

Prisoner. Q. What induced you to alter your opinion respecting the instrument which inflicted the wounds? A. I never gave a professional opinion till I was before Mr. Greenwood on the 15th of Dec.—I had not an recollect the Magistrate asking if the candlestick could have inflicted them—I said it was done with a chisel or plasterer's hammer, which resembles a chisel very

much at one end—on examining the bonnet I find both the holes are narrow, and the straw requires something cutting to divide it—I am satisfied it was a sharp instrument, and something narrow—it is a clean cut—the contusion might have been made at the time the wound was inflicted, or by subsequent blows—the candlestick might inflict the wounds without the bonnet, but not with the bonnet on—there was no blood on the candlestick.

Prisoner's Defence. All I have to say is, I certainly did go to the cottage, and assault the woman; but as to ever saying it was out of revenge, I never did; we had words about a certain person calling at the house, and she said she would give me in charge of the parish officers for deserting my wife; I was irritated, and snatched the candlestick off the table, and to make her let go, gave her several chops on her back, but she still held me till we got out of the house; she them let me go, and I walked away; that is the long and short of the story.




GUILTY

on the 3rd count. Aged 28.—


Transported for life.


Before Mr. Justice Maule.

