



2571. 




GEORGE HOLDING
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
16th of September, 1 gelding, price 7l.; 1 chaise, value 7l.; 1 set of harness, value 1l. 10s.; and 1 whip, value 6d.; the goods of 



James Robert Tunmer.






THOMAS MILLS
. I live at Ipswich, and am agent to a bookseller. On the 14th of September last I borrowed a pony, gig and harness, of Mr. Tunmer, to go to East Burdall—I took the prisoner with me in the gig—I knew him before—I believe he has been lodging at Hadley lately—when we got to East Burdall, I went into a house to transact some business—the prisoner said he would take a drive down the road, as he wanted to see a person with whom he was acquainted—he asked how long I should take to do my business—I said, "About an hour"—he said be would return in that time—he went away, and never returned.





JOHN CALLOW
. I live at Guilford-cottage, Little William-street, Islington. On Thursday, the 16th of September, I saw the prisoner in the City-road, on a pony—he called to the man who collects the toll, who I was talking to—I ultimately made a swap with him—I gave him ray pony and 2l. for his pony—he said he had had it seven months—he did not say where he came from—a person next door to me knew him, and when I had bought it, he told me he lived at Kennington—that pony has since been claimed by Mr. Tunmer.





JOHN ROBERT TUNMER
. I let a gelding-pony, gig and harness, to Mills—I afterwards saw the pony in Callow's possession on the 23rd of the same month—I am sure it is my pony—I could swear to it any where—I saw the chaise and harness at Union-hall, when I was sent for to come up and identify them.





JAMES MILLWOOD
. I keep the Horse Shoe public-house in Goswell-street. The prisoner came one Wednesday night in September, about ten o'clsock, and brought the gig and pony with him—I asked him next morning whether he should want the pony and gig—he said he should not want the gig, he wanted the pony to go as far as the Bank, and asked me to lend him a cloth—I said I had not got one, but I lent him a bridle and saddle—he went away with them, and never returned—I have never seen them since—the gig was left with me, and I gave it up to Mr. Tunmere.





GEORGE COLEMAN
. I am a constable of Ipswich. I apprehended the prisoner at Windsor, on the 25th of September.

Prisoner's Defence. I am not at all prepared for my trial, or I could have witnesses to prove that when I went to Manningtree Mr. Mills was with me, and offered the pony for sale—the landlord of the Hampshire Hog public-house there can prove Mills was in my company there, and offered the pony for sale, and he went to look at a pony which he offered to swap for—I have written to the parties, but have received no answer.





THOMAS MILLS

re-examined. I was in company with the prisoner at Manningtree—I never offered to sell the pony there, or to exchange it—nothing of the kind passed.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not go into the meadow and look at a pony, with the landlord and me, and want to swap for it? A. I went into a field to look at a little colt, but it had nothing to do with swapping—the landlord went to show the prisoner a colt he had got.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)


Before Lord Chief Baron Abinger.

