




921. 




JOHN LEFEVRE
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
10th of February, 3 saws, value 11s.; 8 screw-drivers, value 4s. 6d.; 1 pair of dividers, value 2s. 6d.; 2 pairs of pincers, value 3s.; 2 oil-stones, value 4s. 6d.; 1 plane, value 3s.; 2 chisels, value 3s. 6d.; and 1 bit, value 1s.; the goods of 



Thomas Daniel Legg Goozee: 1 oil-stone, value 3s.; 1 square, value 1s. 6d.; 1 spoke-shave, value 1s.; 2 gimlets, value 8d.; 3 bradawls, value 6d.; 7 chisels, value 5s.; 1 pair of compasses, value 6d.; 1 punch, value 4d.; 1 hammer, value 1s.; 2 screw-drivers, value 4s.; and 1 basket, value 2s. 6d.; the goods of 



Joseph James: 2 saws, value 8s. 6d.; 1 plane, value 5s. 6d.; 1 stock, value 2s. 6d.; 1 screwdriver, value 4s. 6d.; 1 hammer, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of pincers, value 1s.; 1 pair of compasses, value 9d.; 1 square, value 1s. 6d.; 4 chisels, value 4s.; and 1 basket, value 2s. 6d.; the goods of 



Nicholas James Johnson: and 




WILLIAM SEMONS



, for feloniously receiving, on the 
12th of February, 1 plane, part of the said goods, the property of 



Thomas Daniel Legg Goozee, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






THOMAS DANIEL LEGG GOOZEE
. I am a carpenter and machine maker, in Brrown's-lane, Spitalfields. I had a lot of tools at Mr. Duffs, in Fore-street—they were safe on Saturday, the 8th of February, and on Monday morning two of my men came to me and said they were taken away—I found they were gone—this plane and screw-driver are mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where had you left these tools? A. On a bench at No. 16, Fore-street—I allow the men to work with a great many of my tools—I had used them myself on the Friday.





NICHOLAS JAMES JOHNSON
. I was at work at No. 16, Fore-street—I left there on Saturday, the 8th of February—I did not lock the door—all my tools were then safe in a basket—none of them are found.





JOSEPH JAMES
. I was at work at this place—I saw my tools safe on

the 8th of February—I left them on the bench—on Monday all my tools were gone—only a hammer has been found.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When had you seen these tools safe? A. Five minutes past eight o'clock on the Saturday evening—I can swear to this hammer from the face and head, and my having used it—I am quite certain it is mine.





MARY ANN GILES
. I am the wife of John Giles, and live in Church-street, Mile-end, New Town. I let a furnished lodging to the prisoner Lefevre on the 7th of February—none of this property was there when I let the lodging—he staid about five days—I do not know the other prisoner.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. He was taken into custody on the 11th? A. Yes—I let the room to him himself—I do not live in the house myself—there were several other people living there—hit wife lived with him in the same room.





GEORGE TEAKLE
, (police-sergeant H. 8) From information I went on the 12th of February to Well-street, where the prisoner Lefevre lived—I found him in the back room, on the ground floor, sitting with two men and a female—I said I was come to apprehend him—I looked about, and underneath the bed I found fourteen skeleton keys and two common door keys, in a bag—I then took him to the station-house—on the way he said, "Do not show them, if you do they will give me a drag"—I went back to the room, and in the same box where the bag was I found this screw driver; and in a table drawer this hammer; and in the cupboard this carpenter's basket—in consequence of further information, I went on the evening of the 12th to Semon's house, in King-street, Brick-lane; he keeps a marine store shop—he was in the parlour in company with his wife—I said I had received information that he had a quantity of tools in his house which were stolen—he said, "I have no tools whatever"—I said, "If you have, produce them at once," and I asked him if he had any objection to my looking in his shop—he said, "No"—I looked in a bin in the shop, and found this plane—MR. Goozee, who was with me, said, "That is mine, I can swear to it"—Semons said, "No, it is mine, I have had it for months—I can swear to it"—the prosecutor pointed to his name on the plane and said, "What do you call that? I have the stamp of it at home;" to that Semons made no reply—his wife then came forward and said, "No, that is a plane a boy brought in last night, it is not his," and some words were said about his calling again, but what I cannot say—I found no more tools—I then took him to the station-house.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you know Semons yourself? A. Yes; I know no harm of him—he has not been there long.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was it after Lefevre had been locked up that you found the tools in his room? A. Yes; I found the keys when I took him.

LEFEVRE—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

SEMONS—


NOT GUILTY
.
(There was another indictment against Lefevre.)
