




262. 



WILLIAM WARD



, stealing 4 keys, value 1s. 1 purse, 1s. 1 10l. note, and 3 sovereigns; the property of 



George Redpath, from the person of 



Ann Redpath; having been before convicted; and 




THOMAS SMITH



, feloniously receiving one sovereign, part of the same; to which


WARD pleaded 


GUILTY.—


Transported for Seven Years.






ANN REDPATH.
 My husband's name is George. On 22nd Oct. I was in the Borough—I had a bunch of keys, and a purse, with a 10l. note and three sovereigns and some silver in it—I did not see anything—somebody spoke to me—I felt in my pocket and missed my money, and when I got home I missed my keys.





WILLIAM PARKER.
 I am a coach-trimmer in the Dover-road. I saw the prisoner pass close to Mrs. Redpath's side, and put his hand into her right-hand pocket—she walked on, and did not observe she was robbed—the prisoner was joined by two others—I told the lady—she waited a little time at my house—I got Burton, and we went in search of the prisoners—I pointed Ward out, and he was taken in charge—Smith followed—Ward put his hand in his

pocket and gave him something—they both got away—Smith was followed by the policeman, and taken—he gave the policeman a sovereign, which he said the other man had given him—he was taken to the station.





ELIZABETH PARKER.
 I am the wife of last witness. I was standing at my window and saw Ward commit the robbery.





JAMES BURTON
 (policeman.) I was on duty on 22nd Oct. in the Old Kent-road, and saw Ward and others in Kent-street—shortly after, I met Parker—he gave me information, and I went after Ward and took him—as we went along, Smith joined us—I saw nothing, as several of their companions were round me—I received information, and called to Smith—he ran away—I said to Ward, "You are well aware I know you"—I ran after Smith and overtook him—he took out a sovereign and said, "That is what the man gave me"—the Magistrate desired me to say that Smith was allowed to go upon his own recognizance—he has appeared here to-day.

Smith's Defence. I was not at the place when the robbery was committed, and know no more about it than a child. SMITH—


NOT GUILTY.


Before Mr. Common Serjeant.

