




467. 




HERBERT GLENROY
 and 




MALCOLM GRAHAM



 were indicted for burglariously breaking into the dwelling-house of 



George Taylor, in the night of the 
23rd January, at 

St. Botolph without Bishopsgate, and stealing therein 29 spoons, value 20l.; 1 sauce ladle, 10s.; 1 pair of sugartongs, 10s.; 1 pepper-box, 10s.; 1 sugar sifter, 10s.; 8 forks, 30s.; 1 pair of snuffers, 10s.; 1 plate basket, 2s.; 1 cloak, 2l.; 2 coats, 3l.; 1 shawl, 2s.; and 1 tea-pot, 10s., his goods; and that Graham had been before convicted of felony.






MARY CULLIN
. I am housemaid in the service of George Taylor, of No. 53, Bishopsgate-street without—he keeps the house. On the 23rd of January I went to bed at five minutes to twelve o'clock—the house was all fastened then, except the back parlour window—I shut that down, but did not secure it—it is on the first floor over the shop—the shutter was closed, but it being over a skylight I did not think it necessary to fasten the window—it looked on to the skylight—I left Mr. Crisp, the shopman, in the parlour on the first floor—there were some tongs in the fire-place in the parlour when I went to bed—I left some plate in a basket in the sideboard cupboard, and a tea-pot in a side cupboard outside the parlour door—the sugar sifter and mustard-spoon were in a cupboard in the parlour, and the sugar-tongs in another cupboard—when I came down in the morning the two mustard-pots were on the floor, and the tea-pot on the floor by the cupboard door—I saw all the rest of the plate at the warehouse door—all the articles in question had been moved from the place they were put in the night before.





FREDERICK WILLIAM GOODALL
. I am apprentice to Mr. Taylor, who is a grocer. On Sunday, 24th January, I got up about a quarter to seven o'clock—I noticed two hats lying in the hall, I opened the parlour door on the first floor, and found the window open, the sideboard and cellaret drawers were open—I went up and alarmed Mr. Taylor—he came down—at the private entrance in Widegate-street I found a pair of tongs broken, two coats, the plate basket, and two silver forks, and in the warehouse, at the side door where we load our goods, there was a quantity of silver all put regular, ready to be taken away—I went into the shop with the policeman, and saw some forks and spoons on the floor—I searched the warehouse and shop, went into the front cellar, and in a hogshead, containing sugar, I found the two prisoners—the cellar was quite away from the part where I found the plate and other articles—it would have taken some time to go into different cupboards and places and take the things—it could not be done in an hour I think—I did not come down stairs till a quarter after seven—I heard no noise when I came down—the cellar is under the warehouse—it is part of the basement of the house, and forms part of the house—you go down a ladder to it from the shop—I found the prisoners in a hogshead which was in the cellar in the house—they had caps on—the bats which I noticed belonged to Mr. Taylor,





GEORGE TAYLOR
. I live at No. 53 Bishopsgate-street Without, in this parish of St. Botolph without Bishopsgate. On Sunday morning Goodall came up to my room, about a quarter after seven o'clock—I went down and found everything in confusion, and the plate in the warehouse, all ready to be put out at the warehouse door leading into Widegate-street, which is a side entrance—they were within a yard of the door—the parties must have been disturbed—we went down into the cellar and found the prisoners concealed

in a hogshead half full of sugar—they had placed the lid over the hogshead, and shut themselves in—the policeman handcuffed them and took them to the station—they must have been in the house a considerable time—they could not have been there less than three hours, as there was a difficulty in getting from on part of the house to the other, and opening the different drawers—they could get in at the window, without breaking the skylight—they could lean down to get hold of the edge of the lower sash, and then step on the window ledge—the mark of their hands and feet there were quite visible—they could get to the skylight over the next door-roof—that was traceable.





ROBERT PLOWRIGHT
 (City police-constable, No. 664.) I went to Mr. Taylor's house, and found the property strewed about in different parts—I found a fork in the cellar near the hogshead, and on lifting up the head of the hogshead I found the prisoners—I found a knife on each of them, and a letter on Graham, written in the Westminster prison—the hogshead was about threequarters empty—they had got in and lain the lid of the hogshead over the top—nobody would imagine anybody was inside—the top was in several: pieces.

Glenroy's Defence. I was going down Widegate-alley about a quarter to seven o'clock, I saw the side-door open, and went in to have an hour's sleep; we had nothing on us and moved nothing.

Graham's Defence. We went in at the side-door, and found the things lying about in all directions, and went in there to sleep; we had been in there three or four hours; we could have got out and taken the property; there were two side-doors which could be opened without any trouble; if we were robbers we could have got away before the people got up.





GEORGE TAYLOR

re-examined. All these articles are my property—my man can prove the side-door was fast on Saturday night, and it was in the same condition when I came down in the morning—nobody could have come in at that door—it was still closed and fastened.





WILLIAM DAWSON
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Graham's former conviction from this Court—(read—Convicted Dec., 1844, and confined twelve months)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.

GLENROY—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

GRAHAM—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.





Transported for Ten Years.

