




1994. 




WILLIAM WARE
, and 




JAMES GREEN



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Holliday, at St. Pancras, and stealing 1 key, value 1s.; his property.


MR. WILDE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM HOLLIDAY
. I live at 31, Cardington-street, Hampstead-road—I let the shop to Mr. Connington—I was awoke on 9th Aug., between twelve and one o'clock in the morning—I heard a rushing noise in my bed-room—the door was shut, I had locked it, and the key was outside—I had gone through a middle door to get into my bed-room—hearing the noise I said, "Who is there"—some one spoke—I got out of bed and called "Thieves!"—I saw two persons going out of the private door of my house—I saw two policemen at the same moment—they took them, and brought them back—I afterwards. missed the key with which they had locked me in my bed-room—that key was not found till after they had been to the station.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. Which side of Cardington-street is your house? A. It is the corner house, but it is rounded off—when the prisoners were brought back, the policeman first stopped at a house in Whittlebury-street, about six doors from mine—I had gone to bed about eleven o'clock the night before—I did up the doors—I saw the private door, it was latched, but was not bolted—I often go to bed with that door on the latch there are bolts on the door—I did not bolt it that night—it opens with a latch-key.





DAVID VEASEY CONNINGTON
. I have the shop at No. 31, Cardington-street, of Mr. Holliday—the house is in St. Pancras parish—I was in the house on 10th August—I went to bed about half-past ten o'clock—I know Mr. Holliday shuts the door—I saw the prisoners brought back—both begged me not to lock them up, as they were customers—I said, "You are no customers of mine "—in going to the station, Ware broke away—I have no doubt they are the persons.

Cross-examined. Q. You keep a coffee-shop? A. Yes; I never saw the prisoners there.





GEORGE COOPER
, (policeman, S 276.) I was on duty about one o'clock ear Whittlebury-street with Downes—I saw the prisoners come out of No. 31,

Cardington-street—I heard the prosecutor call out from the window—he said there were thieves—I went into the Drummond Arms, and found both the prisoners there—I saw Green drop a key when I brought him out, which he took out of his right-hand pocket—it fits the bed-room door of No. 31.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it dark? A. Yes; but there was a lamp four or five yards off—I saw Green put his hand into his pocket and pull the key out—I went back and picked it up—I said at the office that I saw him drop a key—when I got to the Drummond Arms I saw both the prisoners, and perhaps thirty or forty persons—I did not inquire whether they had seen anybody—I went to another house, because I made a mistake in the house the prisoners came out of—I have not been reprimanded for not taking more notice of the house they came out of—there was a shop at the other house which I went to—I did not knock at that house—I cannot tell whether Downes did—I have not said before that I saw Green take something out—I said a key—if I had stooped to pick it up then, I should have been knocked down by some of the gang—there were a great number of cabmen, and thieves, and prostitutes—I did not lose sight of the prisoners before they ran into the Drummond Arms—I knew them before perfectly well.





WILLIAM DOWNES
 (policeman, S 190.) I assisted to take the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. You saw two men come out of the house, and followed them to the Drummond Arms? A. Yes; I saw Ware I am certain—I knew him previously—the other I cannot swear to—when I went into the Drummond Arms, there were many persons sitting down and standing up—I said, "Mr. Oliver, where are those two men that ran in "—a railroad policeman said, "Here is one "—I looked in his face and said, "Yes, I know you are one "—I knew him before—I knocked at the other door—I was not certain which house they came out of—a man answered me out of the window—the prosecutor came up and said, had we got the two men—the prisoners said they were innocent.





ANN WALKER
. I live in Southampton-street. On the 10th Ang. I was about two yards from the prosecutor's house—the two prisoners came out of the house close by me—they ran into the Drummond Arms, the policemen were going in at the side-door—I said, "Don't go in there, they have run in here."

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen them before? A. No; they rushed past me, and nearly knocked me down—that made me take notice of them, and I ran after them—when I got to the public-house, they both rushed in.





REBECCA OLIVER
. I am barmaid at the Drummond Arms—I saw some one pick up a key and give it to me—that was about a quarter to three o'clock—this is the key.





WILLIAM HOLLIDAY

re-examined. This key produced by Cooper is my bed-room key—this last key I do not know.

WARE—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.

GREEN—


GUILTY
. Aged. 19





Transported for Ten Years.

