



1016. 



JOHN PARTRIDGE
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering dwelling-house of 




John Furniss, on the 
29th of January, at 
St. Anne, and stealing therein, 1 watch, value 5l.; 1 watch-key, value 2d.; 5 spoons, value 1l. 10s.; 6 pairs of stockings, value 6s.; 1 necklace, value 10s.; 1 ring, value 5s.; 1 brooch, value 2s.; 3 sheets, value 1l.; 1 table-cloth value 18d.; and 1 handkerchief, value 5s.; his property; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






SARAH FURNISS
. I am the wife of John Furniss, a labourer, of London-street, Ratcliffe-cross. On the 29th of January I lived at No. 35, London-street, in the house of Mr. Flight, who occupied half the home, and a man named Taplin the other—the landlord did not occupy any put—my apartments were separated from Taplin's—On Saturday, the 29th of January, I lost three sheets off the table, between the two parlour windows—I had seen them the night before—I missed them when I got up in the morning, between six and seven o'clock—I had locked the parlour door before I went to bed—my husband was up first, and went out to work—I also missed the other articles stated—the sheets produced are our property, and were on the table the night before—the policeman produced them is the Monday—I have not found the other things.





JOHN FURNISS
. I am the husband of last witness. I lived in London. street, in the parish of St. Anne, Limehouse. On the 29th of January, at half-past five o'clock, I went to my parlour, and found it locked—I came out, locked the door again, and went out—I came back again a little before seven o'clock, and found both the street and parlour doors open—I bad seen the sheets on the table the night before—I know them to be my property.





GEORGE TEAKLE
. I am a policeman. On Saturday morning, the 29th of January, I was in company with Trew, an officer, in Montague-street, Whitechapel, and saw the prisoner, in company with two men, about the middle of the street, about a mile and a half from London-street—the prisoner had a bundle—the other two separated from him, and crossed over—I stopped the prisoner, and asked what he had got in the bundle—k said it was dirty things he was going to take to have washed—I asked where—he said, "A little lower down"—I examined the bundle—it contained three clean sheets, rough dried—he said he had brought them from on board a ship which lay at Limehouse-hole—I asked the captain's name—he said, "Kirk"—I asked the ship's name—he said, "Goldsmith"—I took him to the station—the prosecutor claimed the sheets.





GEORGE TREW
. I was with Teakle, and assisted in taking the prisoner to the station—he said it was no use going down to Limehouse, that the two men gave him the bundle to carry, as they met him at the end of the street—as we were going to the station he pulled out 18d., and said, "Here"—I said, "What, do you want any thing to eat?"—he said, "No, take it; here is 6s., that will be 3s. each, to square it"—I found five shillings in his shoe, and one shilling in his pocket.

Prisoner's Defence. Two men gave me the bundle to carry.





CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
 (police-constable L 31.) I produce a certificate

of the prisoner's former conviction, from the Clerk of the Peace of Surrey—(read)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.




GUILTY, but not of Breaking and Entering.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Recorder.

