



1704. 




MARGARET SARSFIELD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th of April, at 
St. Mary, Islington, 30 sovereigns, and 10 half-sove-reigns, the moneys of 



Robert Sanderson, in the dwelling-house of 



Elizabeth Duddell.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






ROBERT SANDERSON
. I am a gentleman, living on my property. Since the 19th of April last I have lodged at the house of Mrs. Elizabeth Duddell, No. 4, Alfred-street, River-terrace, in the parish of St. Mary, Isling-ton—the prisoner was her servant, and had access to my room—on Tuesday, the 27th of April, I put 200l. in sovereigns and half-sovereigns, into a tin box, which I covered with pasteboard, and put into a blue bag, and into a drawer in my bed-room—I locked the drawer, and kept the key—I never parted with the key—on Sunday the 2nd of May, the prisoner left the service—on the Tuesday after, I went to my drawer, and found the lock broken, and a piece of the wood adjoining the lock torn away—it appeared that, the bolt of the lock had been pressed down—I opened the drawer, and missed from the tin box 40l., consisting of sovereigns and half-sovereigns.





ELIZABETH DUDDELL
. I am a widow, and live at No. 4, Alfred-street, River-terrace—the prisoner was in my service, as maid of all work—I took her from the workhouse a month on trial out of charity, as she was a poor destitute girl—she told me she had no home, no father or mother, or any where to go to, in consequence of which I treated her with the greatest kindness, and allowed her to sit at table with me—on Sunday moving, the 2nd of May, I put her breakfast before her in the usual way—at that time I had not the slightest notion she was going away.

Prisoner. She had a week's notice from me; how can she deny it? Witness. On my oath, I had not the least notice that she was going—she had been with me six weeks then—she had not a farthing of money of her own, nor a change of linen—in the course of the morning I found she was gone, and had left her breakfast untouched, and her clothes behind her—she had had 2s. and a pair of shoes while with me, and 9d. she spent of my money, and came home drunk one night—Mr. Sanderson told me on Tuesday that he had lost forty sovereigns—my son is of weak mind—in consequence of what he told me I looked into the kitchen drawer for a spikenail which was found.


Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you send her to the play one night? A. I did not send her—she went with my niece one night, and she asked me for the money to go with—that was not the night she spent my money—I knew of her going to the play, and she came home very comfortably that night—she came home drunk three or four nights—I was too humane to send her away, having daughters of my own—I was sorry for her, as she told me she had no father or mother, and all the while she has a father and mother, and a good home—I do not know where it is—my boy can tell you about it—I did not know she had a home till her father was taken into custody as well as her—she has a mother-in-law, I believe—I never saw her—only myself and son live in my house, besides the prosecutor—my daughters do not live at home—the prosecutor's door was always open for the prisoner to go and make his bed—no one else went there.





WILLIAM DUDDELL
. (This witness was represented to be of imbecile mind)—I know what an oath is—it is taking a solemn oath that she opened the top drawer on Friday, the 30th of April—I do not do any thing for my living—if I speak untruly 1 shall go to the devil (sworn)—I am thirteen years old—I know Mr. Sanderson's bed-room, and the top drawer—on Friday, the 30th of April, the prisoner took a spike-nail out of the back kitchen drawer, went up stairs, and opened the top drawer—I said, "You are doing a wrong thing, you know you are"—she opened the bottom drawer, took a napkin out, and wrapped the money in it—I do not know what she did with the spike.

Q. When you saw this, why not tell your mother? A. I did not know at the time that she bad done it—a thought came into my head—I knew she had been doing wrong—I did not give it a thought till a thought came into my head.

Cross-examined. Q. Was your mother in the house at the time? A. She was—it was about twelve o'clock last Friday, the 30th of April—the prisoner had breakfasted—I did not know at the time that it was done—I saw her doing it—I told my mother of it when the prisoner ran away—I told her of it on the Friday—I do not know when she ran away—I suppose it was the Friday following.

Prisoner. The drawer was always open.





ELIZABETH DUDDELL

re-examined. My son has been in this imbecile state for several years—he is turned twenty years of age—he told me of this on the Tuesday, when the policeman came to the house, and not till then.





THOMAS MASON
. I keep the Brown Bear public-house, in Worship-street. On Monday morning, the 3rd of May, the prisoner came to my house with a great many persons, and treated them with different kinds of liquor—I saw her with some sovereigns, I should say about nine, and some silver and halfpence—she told me she was a servant girl, and lived at No. 4, River-terrace, City-road, and that she had come out for a holiday—I said, "It is a pity you should have all this, money in your pocket, you had better leave it with me," and she left eight sovereigns with me—I persuaded her to do so, as I thought she was wasting her money—she was tipsy—she returned in the course of the day, and had a sovereign, and then another—she had seven sovereigns altogether out of the eight—I cannot exactly say what she had that day—I think she had 10s. in silver, and another sovereign—2l. 10s. altogether, on Monday—she came again

on Tuesday, and drew some money—I cannot say how much—on Thursday she came for the rest, and said she was going into the country—I said, "If so, you will be apt to lose or spend your money, you had better leave a sovereign with me," which she did, and I have it now—I kept the money for her out of good nature.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know her before? A. No—I had never seen her before—she said she lived servant at No. 4, River-terrace—I am sure she did not say Alfred-terrace—I asked her how she came by this money, and she said she had been taking her wages—I thought she was a respectable young woman—I did not know that she would tell me wrong—there were a great many people in the house, and they persuaded me to take the money for her—she was nearly tipsy the first day she came—it was then she told me where she lived—I did not go to River-terrace and inquire for her—she kept coming, and others with her.





JOHN RICHARDS
. I am a trunk-maker, and live in Bunhill-row. I sold the trunk now produced, to the prisoner, in the middle of the week before I saw her at Worship-street—she paid me 4s. in silver for it—there was a woman with her.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you ask her who she was? A. No—she took it away with her.





WILLIAM HOLLAND
 (police-constable N 146.) On Monday night, the 10th of May, in consequence of information, I went to Vine-street, Liquorpond-street, and remained at the top of Lucy-court, which runs into Vine-street, watching for the prisoner—in about an hour she came out with another female, not in custody—I followed them, and saw the prisoner get into a cab—I followed her—she had scarcely seated herself in the cab before I put my head in, and said, "Miss Sarsfield, I want you for stealing forty sovereigns, the property of your master"—she said, "Me?"—I said, "Yes, you know me, don't you?"—she said, "Yes, I do"—I was in plain clothes—I then asked the cab man, in her presence, where he was going to drive her—he said, "To Whitechapel"—I told him to drive to Robert-street station, which he did, and when the prisoner was safe there, I got a light, and at the bottom of the cab, on the side where the prisoner had been sitting, I found a key and a duplicate for a piece of linen, pledged on that day—I took the key and duplicate into the station, and said to the, prisoner, "I have found this key and duplicate in the cab, are they yours?"—she said, "No"—I said it was no use, they were hers—I then said, "You will save me a good deal of trouble if you will tell me the number of the court in which you live"—she said, "Well, it is No. 10, Lucy-court, and that is the key of my box"—I went to No. 10, with another officer, and in an up-stairs room I found a box containing six new dresses, fourteen or fifteen pairs of new stockings, a card of new lace, and a variety of other articles, all new—I took them to the station—I afterwards went to the prosecutor's house and examined the top drawer, and I have no doubt it was opened by a nail which was brought from the kitchen drawer—I saw it applied to the drawer in the prosecutor's bed-room, and it exactly fitted the marks—the drawer had been broken open by violence.
(MR. PHILLIPS
stated on the prisoner's behalf, that she left her mistress in consequence of her illtreatment; that on that same evening she met a gentleman by appointment, who gave her 10l., with which she purchased ten new articles found in her box, an she was to accompany him on the Continent



—that she also subsequently received 5l. from another gentleman, and that the duplicate found by the officer was not hers.)




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Ten Years.
