




281. 




HENRY HUGHES
 and 




JOHN M'GUIRE



 were indicted for feloniously making 2 pieces of counterfeit coin, intended to resemble and pass for the Queen's current shillings.


MESSRS. ELLIS
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





CHARLES BOARDMAN
. I am a policeman On Tuesday, the 24th of November, about noon, in consequence of information, I went to No. 17, New-street, St. Giles's, to the back room, first-floor—the door was closed, but not fastened—I found the two prisoners in the room—Hughes was sitting on the bed, and M'Guire standing by the stove—Hughes had something white in his hand, which appeared to be a lump of plaster-of-Paris—he instantly crushed it in his right hand, and some of the pieces fell on the floor—he then put his right hand into a jug of water which stood on the floor, and at the same time I saw him pass a shilling with his left hand on to the bed—I then seized his right hand, drew it out of the water, and found it was covered with white, something like dough—it was plaster-of-Paris which had been dissolved—I asked him what he was doing—he said, "It is no use, you are too late, there is nothing in the room that I care for"—I noticed two counterfeit shillings on the bed-side, besides the one I saw him put there from his left hand—Hardwick took them up—the prisoners were both secured—we searched the room—I found some of the pieces of plaster-of-Paris, which fell from his hand on the floor, and also some pieces of metal—they were found between where Hughes was, and the fire-place—I found a pipe half-full of metal near the grate, and a pan under the stove, quite hot, and with white metal in it—there was a slow coke fire sufficient to melt any thing of that sort—I also found a file and broken knife—I took possession of the shilling which I had seen Hughes put on the bed with his left hand.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Was the street door open? A. Yes—we had not the slightest difficulty in getting into the room—Hughes

was sitting on the bed with his coat off—M'Guire was standing by the fire with his coat and hat on.





THOMAS HARDWICK
. I am a policeman. I accompanied Boardman on this occasion—when I got into the room I saw the prisoners—Hughes was sitting on the bed in his shirt sleeves, and his hat off—I have heard Boardman's account—it is correct—I found on the bedstead two shillings, one quite hot, which I marked—I produce them—I searched the prisoners, but found nothing on either of them—I found several pieces of metal there—I put my hand into the jug, and pulled out some of the pieces of plaster-of-Paris—most of the pieces of metal were in an iron pan under the stove among the ashes—the metal in the pan was all set—in the way to the station, Hughes said, "You thought you had made a pull by it, but you should have been there a little before, and then you would have seen some-thing."





MARY ANN HITCHIN
. My husband is foreman at a boot and shoe shop in New-street—I lodge next door to the house the officers went to—Hughes's house projects out beyond ours—I can look into Hughes's window from mine—I have seen the prisoners in that room several times for the last three weeks—I once saw them cleaning up some half-crowns and shillings, rubbing them in their hands—on the day the officers went I saw them there from about half-past nine o'clock till the officers took them at twelve—I saw them that day cleaning up shillings—I saw something hung up at the window by somebody—I cannot say who it was.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you notice the curtain put up? A. About half an hour before they were taken—I saw M'Guire come there about half-past nine o'clock that morning.





JOHN FIELD
. I am Inspector of coin to the Royal Mint, and have been so upwards of twenty ears—here are two counterfeit cast shillings, produced by Hardwick—they are cast in white metal, and both from the same impression—here is a good shilling, produced by Boardman, and that has made the mould in which the counterfeit shillings were cast—it has a particular mark on the reverse side, arising from a flaw in the die, which appears in the counterfeit coins also; and the good shilling at the time had some plaster-of-Paris adhering to it, which would be the case when used for the mould—here are some pieces of metal, called gets, which fill up the channels of the mould—this tobacco-pipe has white metal in the bowl of it, which appears to have been fused—that might be used to fill the mould with the metal—here are also some small portions of plaster-of-Paris, but no impression on them—here is a file, a knife, and other things which might be used to coin, and would be required—the moulds are generally made of plaster-of-Paris.
(M'Guire received an excellent character.)

HUGHES—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.

M'GUIRE—



GUILTY. Aged 20.—Recommended to mercy
.—



Confined One Year.

Second Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
