



1799. 




CHARLES PURSS
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Mary Ann Stewart, about two o'clock in the night of the 
14th of June, at 
Clapham, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 76lbs. weight of bacon, value 1l. 17s.; 6lbs. weight of butter, value 6s.; 28lbs. weight of sugar, value 16s.; 8lbs. weight of lard, value 5s.; and 1 towel, value 2d.; her goods.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY ANN STEWART
. I am single, and live in Union-road, in the parish of Claphara—I keep the house, and am a general shopkeeper. On Saturday night, the 12th of June, I went to bed at twelve o'clock—I was the last up—there is a cellar door outside my house, which opened into a enclosure in front of the house, but which had been thrown open—it had been a front garden, but the pales were taken away before this—the flap fastened with three bolts, and a wooden bar across it—it was all secure at twelve o'clock that night—the cellar goes under the whole of the house—there is an entrance to it from the kitchen, I secured that also—I keep some goods in the cellar—every thing was safe at twelve o'clock on Saturday night, and on Monday morning, about a quarter before seven o'clock, my attention was directed to the flap—I found the ring had been raised—I lifted it up, went into the cellar, and missed a bladder of lard, twenty-eight pounds of sugar, a small quantity of butter, and a side of bacon—the entrance from the kitchen had not been disturbed—there is an "S" marked on the lard, and the bacon is marked—I gave information to the police—here is my name on the towel now produced which was round the butter, on the top of the tub, and this sugarbag I can swear to—I have no doubt the bacon is mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How do you know the sugar bag? A. By the letter "S 64," on it—I know nothing of the prisoner.





LEONARD ROSE
 (police-constable V 237.) The prisoner was a brother-constable with me. On Monday morning the 14th, about seven o'clock, or a few minutes before, I saw him about two or three hundred yards from the prosecutor's house, going from the house dressed in his police-trowsers and a fustian coat—that was not part of his police dress—he had a sack over his shoulder, which appeared very heavy—in about three minutes after he passed me I heard of this robbery, got information of what was stolen, and gave notice to the sergeant—I afterwards went to the prisoner's lodging about eight o'clock or a quarter after, the same morning—I found him at home, and took him to the station—my sergeant went and searched his lodging—the prisoner's beat on that night and on Saturday was in Union-road where this house is—he took the beat from two o'clock, till six on Monday morning—I relieved him at six on Monday morning—that was not his beat on Saturday I believe—it was on Monday morning that I saw him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You did not see him on Sunday? A. No.





JOHN SALTER
 (police-constable V 15.) I went, in consequence of information, with Sergeant Emmerson last Monday morning, a little after eight o'clock, to the prisoner's lodging—he was not at home—I searched and found a pan of newly melted lard hot, in a cupboard by the side of the fire-place—on removing some dirty clothes I found about 6lbs. weight

of butter covered over with the cloth produced—I have had them ever since.

Cross-examined. Q. Do I understand the cloth the prosecutrix identifies was at his lodging? A. Yes, covered over the dish with the butter —other people lived in that house besides him—he occupied two rooms.





MARY ANN STEWART

re-examined. I did not miss any thing on Sunday morning—I never inspect any part of my place of business on Sunday—I did not perceive any thing broken open till Monday morning—I did not go to the cellar at all on Sunday.





ROBERT EMMERSON
. I am sergeant of the same division of police as the prisoner and Halter. I went to the prisoner's lodging on Monday morning with Salter, and in searching the bed-room I found a sack containing four large pieces of bacon under the bed-clothes, weighing 76lbs., which when put together formed a flitch—I also found a parcel of sugar tied in a handkerchief, and a brown paper bag—the prisoner's beat on Saturday night would be in Larkhall lane till four o'clock in the morning, and after four it would take in the prosecutrix's house—his duty would cease at six o'clock in the morning, when he should report himself at the station-house on Clapham-common, which he did on Sunday and Monday—his lodging is three or four hundred yards from the prosecutrix's—I was present when he was examined before the Magistrate, and heard him make statements which were taken down in writing in my presence—he was told it would be taken down and read against him, which Mr. Clive the Magistrate signed—I did not see the prisoner sign it.

Cross-examined. Q. Will you swear you saw Mr. Clive sign it? A. I saw it handed to him, and saw him write something on it—I know his handwriting—(read.)
"The prisoner, being duly cautioned, says," I paraded off at six o'clock, at Clnpham, and before I left the watch house, it was nearly half-past, and I had nearly a mile, or quite, to go to get home; and it was impossible for me to get out there and shift myself before seven. I went home as usual, and had my breakfast; and when the constable came for me, I was just going up stairs to bed, I am quite innocent of it, quite innocent; I having nothing more to say—C. PURSS.' "




GUILTY
, but not of burglary. Aged 25.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
