





305. 




GEORGE JONES
 was indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Charles George Price Windsor, about ten in the night of the 
11th of Nov., at 
St. Mary Abbotts, Kensington, intent to steal, and stealing therein 3 coats, value 1l.; 2 pairs of trowsers, 15s.; 1 waistcoat, 1l.; 1 wrapper, 8s.; 4 cravats, 1l.; 1 shirt, 5s.; 2 brooches, 8l.; 2 breast pins, 10s.; 6 earrings, 1l. 12s.; 3 necklaces, 3l. 3s.; 3 rings, 9s.; 1 watch, 5l.; 1 locket, 5l.; 1 jacket, 5s.; 13 spoons, 3l. 17s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, 4s.; 6 forks, 2s.; and 1 ladle, 2s.; his goods: and 




DELPHI BLACKMAN



 for feloniously inciting the said George Jones to commit the said burglary.


MR. CLARKSON
condutcted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH MOORE
. I am in the service of Mr. Charles George Price Windsor, of Victoria-road, Kensington. On the 2nd of Nov., the family was out of town—I do not know when they left home—it was on a Thursday—I was left alone in the house—I was at that time acquainted with the prisoner Blackman—the night my master left, a nurse was left in the house in charge of a little boy—I slept alone in the house on Friday night—Blackman lodged in High-street, Kensington, at Mr. Braid's sweetmeat shop—I went there on the Saturday, saw Blackman, and asked her to come and sleep with me that night—she did so—I slept alone on Sunday night—I saw her again on Monday, and went out with her from about eight o'clock till half-past, to see my brother—she slept with me on Monday night and Tuesday night—I went with her on Tuesday nignt to her mother's, to tell her that she was going to sleep with me—she also slept with me on Wednesday and Thursday nights—in the coarse of that time I had some conversation with her about a young man who I knew at Lambeth, and on the Thursday she wanted me to go there to see if he was single—it was first spoken of in the day time, and again in the evening—I declined to go, both times—on the Friday night she slept with me—she asked me several times that evening to go to Lambeth to see this young man, and she went with me to her mother's to say she was going to sleep with me, and after she had been there the repeated it ever so many times before her brother, asking me to go—she wished me to go at past ten o'clock, before her brother—she repeatedly expressed a wish that I should go—she did not state any object she had in wishing me to go—on my refusing to go at ten o'clock, she went up and whispered to her brother—I have a slight recollection of seeing Jones at her mother's that night—nothing was said in her brother's presence about plate—when we were at home, at Mr. Windsor's, in the course of the week before the Friday, she asked me whether they had taken the plate with them—I told her I did not know—she said what a lot of plate I had in my charge—I said I should not wish any thing to be missed, for I was very careful of it while they were away, and said that I had hid it—I did not say where—she knew it was down stairs, because she has seen, me go down stairs to hide it—she slept with me on the Friday night, and left between eleven and twelve on the Saturday—she had a dress to make for me, and she went to fetch it—she returned between one and two—she did not bring the dress—she said she had been in the town to her brothers—she stopped till about three o'clock—there was no occasion for her to have returned that I know of—she again left at three to fetch my dress—she returned at six without it, and said she had forgotten it—she asked me a great many times that day to go to Lambeth—I said I could not say, I did not know whether the family would be home—she pressed me several times, and at length I agreed to go—we started about half-past nine—I am sure it was post nine—before we started I secured the house—I

give her tbc keys to mind, because my pocket was very shallow and torn—I locked the kitchen door, the garden gate, and made all secure—we came out at the front gate, and up Victoria-road—when we got pretty near to the top of Victoria-rood, leading to the Kensington-road, she said she must go home for a handkerchief for her neck—I offered several times to lend her mine off my own neck—she said no, she must go home, and she ran away from me, and went home—she said she would not be many minutes before she was back—I followed her to where she lodged in High-street, Kensington, and I saw the prisoner Jones standing at the door of the house—she was in the passage—I saw her brother come along the passage, and Jones said to him that he could fetch the dog—Jones and Blackman's brother then went off together towards the Victoria-road—the female prisoner brought the keys to me, and told me to take them for fear she should lose them; and she went after them, in the same direction—she was not many minutes gone—she then came back, and begged of me again to go to Lambeth—I did not notice that she had any handkerchief on her neck then—she did not go up stairs to any apartment to get one while I was there—her brother and her returned nearly together—I do not know which returned first—I saw nothing more of Jones then—the female prisoner and I then went on to the Victoria-road together, and when I said I would go home, she said what was the use of going home, why not go on to Lambeth?—I said no, I would return home, for I did not like leaving the house—she several times wished me to go on to Lambeth—we then went down the Victoria-road together—when we got to my master's house I saw a man walking about there—I said to her that I did not like the appearance of it—we walked past the house, because I wanted to look at him—she then wished me to go with her and buy some paper in the new town, which is just beyond the back of our house, in the direction we were going—I said no, I would go home—she then wished me to go round the back of the house, not to go in—I said no, I would go in—I then gave her the key, to open the front garden gate—she made a great noise with the keys in opening it—when she had opened it I went in, and went round to the back kitchen door—she followed me—I had the key of the door, and tried to open it with it, but did not succeed—I tried to open it, and then the front bell rang—I gave Black man the key, and told her to try to open the door while I went to see who was at the gate—when I got to the gate there was nobody there—I did not see the person that I had formerly seen walking before the house—I then saw a light up in my master's dressing-room window—I was frightened, and began screaming "Thieves" and "Murder"—Blackman came to me, told me not to make that noise, and asked me what I was screaming about—Mr. Gee, my master's next door neighbour, and a gentleman named Surplim, who lives there, came to my assistance—I went to the back kitchen door; it was then open, and I saw Jones and another man rush out, and go towards the back gate, which was locked—they tried to open it—Jones then came up towards me, and the other one rushed towards the trees, and got out of sight—I told Jones he was the man that came out of the kitchen—he said he had only come to hear the screaming—I pointed him out to Mr. Gee, who took him—I then went for a policeman, and found Dunbar—before I came back Jones had been taken away—I went into the kitchen and found every drawer open—the plate-basket, and every thing on the table, and nurse's boxes, had been broken open, and a desk, (the plate was found up stairs in a bag)—all the things were still in the boxes and drawers, but were all turned over—the cupboard had been opened—in Mr. Windsor's dressing-room one drawer was tried to be broken open—the other drawers were not locked, and the things in them had been disturbed—most of them were found in a strange

carpet-bag with the plate—after the house was cleared of all the people Blackman remained with me, and I told her that Jones was the man that I had seen with her brother at their house that evening—she said I was to be careful of what I said—I said I could be on my oath that that was the man—she begged of me not to say a word, as her brother had always been a curse on the family—she begged of me a great many limes not to say any thing—I told her I should lose my place and my character also—she said if I would not name it she would work for me and keep me—after a great while, and after she begged and prayed of me a great many times, I told her I would not name it—she said she had always worked and tried to got her living, and her brother had always been a curse on her—she said she would go and drown herself—I said she had no occasion to go and drown herself—she then begged of me not to say a word—I said I would not—she asked if I had named it to Miss Braid—I said I thought I had—she said if I had, might she contradict it—I said yes, for the sake of her mother she might.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. How often have you been examined on this charge before the Magistrate? A. I think four times—I have been in Mr. Windsor's employment six months on Saturday—he did not order me, before he left town, not to have anybody in the house—I had never seen Jones before the Friday night—there is a wall at the back of my mister's house—it was going towards that wall that I saw Jones and the other man—it was about ten o'clock, or from that to half-past—I was just by the back door when they came out of it—I was walking round to the back door, and was not many steps from it—that was after I had been screaming, "Thieves" and "Murder"—I was very much alarmed—I did not know the other man—I did not see his face when he came out—they both rushed out together—I saw Jones's face by his coming up to me—he was walking then—the other man rushed among the trees, and got over the back wall.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. Had any other person slept with you? A. Miss Braid did one night, I think on the Tuesday, but I cannot say for certain—the prisoner made dresses for Miss Braid, who was a friend of mine—Miss Braid is not a dress-maker—she attends in Mr. Braid's shop—I went to Miss Braid's shop to ask the prisoner to sleep with me—she had made dresses for me—she had never worked in the house for me, but the had been there a great many times—she never took tea or any meal with me—when she slept in the house she had supper with me, and tea sometimes—it was during supper or tea that she made the observations about the plate, at different times—when I told her that Jones was the man I had teen with her brother, she said, "If it is, my heavy curse fall upon him," and, if it should prove to be so, it would break her mother's heart—I told Mr. Gee and Mr. Sarplim at first that I had been sleeping by the fire that evening, and had not been out—I had been sleeping before I went out—I pointed to a pillow in the kitchen, and said that I had laid my head upon that, and that I was quite alone—I did not hear the female prisoner contradict me, and tell Mr. Surplim that I had been out—I was not there to hear, because I was gone for the policeman—she did not contradict me while I was there—that I swear—I did not tell the policeman, in the presence of Mr. Gee and Mr. Surplim—that I had gone out for some butter—I said I had gone out for some coffee—that was not true—I have known the young man at Lambeth a great while, but have not spoken to him for a year and a half or two years—I told Blackman that I was acquainted with him—I had not expressed any suspicion that he was married—it was she first proposed going—she said she wondered whether he was married or single, and we would go and see—he had courted me about two years ago—his name is Whitakcr—I had gone out on several evenings with the

prisoner—I went with her to her mother's, and sometimes I left her there while I went up to Mr. Braid's shop, in Church-street—she went with me to my brother's, in Sloane-street, on Monday night—I left home at eight o'clock, or hair-past eight, and returned about ten—I will swear I was at home before eleven—it was not much after ten—I cannot swear it was not half-past—I did not on one occasion put on my mistress's black cloak to go out in, that I might not be recognised—Blackman wished me to put it on a great many times, but I never did—I know a young man named Jobling—I have never gone out with him—I have met him at Miss Braid's shop, and hare spoken to him there, but nothing more—I believe he is a coachman, or something—I never walked with him—on the Saturday before the robbery I was at Miss Braid's till twelve o'clock at night, with Miss Braid and the female prisoner—I know Henry Morrison—I have spoken to him—I never proposed to him to go to the theatre with me, nor to any place of amusement—I never asked him to go to Madame Tussaud's—I have asked Miss Braid—I am still in Mr. Windsor's service—he has not told me that, if I did not come well out of this, I should be discharged—I have never seen him since—Mrs. Windsor has not told me so, nor the police, or any one—I once dressed myself up in my master's clothes—I did not go out in them—Miss Braid was in the house at the time.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. How came you to tell Mr. Gee and Mr. Surplim, that you had been sleeping by the fire, and had not been out? A. Because I thought my master would be angry with me for having left the house, and that was the reason I told the policemen I had gone out for coffee.

COURT. Q. Did you lose sight of Jones till he was taken by Mr. Gee? A. No.





CHARLES GEOROE PRICE WINDSOR
. I reside at No. 4, Victoria-road, in the parish of St. Mary Abbott's, Kensington. On Thursday, the 2nd of Nov., I left home to go into the country—I returned on Sunday the 12th in consequence of information I received through my neighbours—I went up into the bedrooms, and several of the drawers had been forced, some were open, and some attempts had been made to force the locks of others by a blunt instrument—a carpet bag was afterwards shown to me at the police-office—it did not belong to me—I never saw it before to my knowledge—I missed an emerald brooch, a cornelian brooch, two pins, a pair of jet ear-rings, and a pair of coral necklaces.





JOHN GEE
, 5, Victoria-cottages. On Saturday night, the 11th of Nov., about half-past ten o'clock, I was sitting at home and heard a screaming—I opened my front door, went out, and found it preceded from Mr. Windsor's garden—Mr. Surplim, who was staying with me, went with me—I got into the garden, went to the back part of the garden, and there saw the prisoner Jones in the presence of Moore—I also saw the female prisoner in the garden—I took hold of Jones as Moore said that he had been robbing her matter's house, and she had seen him come out at the back-door—he asked why I laid hold of him, that he had come into the garden in consequence of hearing the screams—Moore repeatedly said, "I will swear to him; that is the man that came out at the back-door; I will swear to him, and there was another man came out with him"—at that very moment I heard a rustling among the trees—I rushed to try and catch the man, and attempted to lay hold of his leg; but was not in time—I saw him make his escape—I had left Jones in charge of Mr. Surplim, and he called out to me to return, as Jones was trying to escape—I came back and saw that Jones was very anxious to get his hand into his pocket to get something from it—I held him very tight by the arm, and accused him of having got some of Mr. Windsor's property about him—I did not see him take any thing from his pocket.


Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. How did you get into the back garden? A. From the front gate which leads into the back garden—the wall over which the man escaped is the back boundary of the garden—I saw no one but Jones, the female prisoner, and Moore in the garden at that time—I think I can swear positively there were no other persons there; two or three females ran in with us, but no person was there to my knowledge at the time Mr. Surplim and I went in—there were no other persons standing about there—if there was any one on the premises I did not see them—I did not see any other persons in the back garden—persons came up immediately after—no persons had gone in before I seised Jones—I saw none when I went in—Jones appeared to me to be coming from the back garden-gate—he was walking quietly—Mr. Surplim was perhaps a few feet in advance of me, and Jones came right before us—we were making our way to the back part and met him.

COURT. Q. Did you afterwards see any place that was pointed oat to you by any one of the policemen in the garden? A. I did, where he said he had found something—I think it was Danbar—it was the place where Jones had appeared so fidgety.





GEORGE DUNBAR
 (police-constable T 91.) On this Saturday evening I was fetched by Moore to the prosecutor's house, and found Jones in Mr. Gee's custody—I took him to the station, searched him, and found this skeleton key in his waistcoat pocket—I have tried it to the back kitchen door of Mr. Windsor's house, and it will open it—on our way to the station he dropped these three skeleton keys—I called to a man named Price to pick them up, which he did, and gave them to me in his tight, while I had hold of him.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you see them picked up? A. Yes—Price is not here—he is a private watchman on a gentleman's premises opposite the prosecutor's—I saw them dropped, but did not see what they were till Price picked them up and handed them to me.





JAMES THOMAS COOPER
 (police-constable T 125.) At a quarter to eleven o'clock on this night, in consequence of some cries, I went to Mr. Windsor's—I found a rosewood desk broken open, on the bed, in the bed-room, and a drawer broken open—the drawers in the kitchen were all open, the things all tumbled about, and a box open—among other things, I found a carpet-bag in the bed-room on the second floor, where the box was—it contained this plate, which I produce, some coats, trowsers, and other property—this rosewood box appeared to have had an instrument put in it to force it open, but it has not been opened, only attempted.

MR. WINDSOR
re-examined. This plate, clothes, and other property, is All mine.





SAMUEL PUMMELL
, carrier, Palace-place, Kensington. On the nlight of the 13th of Nov. I was in my cart, taking the two prisoners from the Police-court, Hammersmith, to the new prison, Clerkenwell—I heard Jones say to Blackmail, "Did you see the rosewood case that I tried to open?"—she made some reply, but I cannot say what, for she was at the back of the cart, and I was in front, driving.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. Were you before the Magistrate on the first examination? A. I was on two examinations—I cannot say whether it was the first or second—Mr. Smith, the inspector, took me there—my lather is employed to convey prisoners backwards and forwards, and, on account of there being more prisoners than one cart would take, I was employed—I am a van proprietor and carrier—a man named Elderkin, who keeps a beer-shop adjoining the police-court, was in the cart at the time, also a lad going to the New Prison, and Blackman's brother—there was no policeman—the gaoler was in the cart with the other prisoners, behind me—Elderkin had not

assisted in examining the prosecutor's house—he had nothing to do with it—he only went up for a ride—it was when we were taking them to Clerkenwell, when they were remanded.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Which was the first day you were examined? A. On the Monday I was there first—I recollected this expression the same week—I was examined twice—I told this to Mr. Puddiford, a policeman, the same week, before my first examination—he was the first person I told—it was two days after it occurred—I cannot exactly say how I came to be in his company—I am very frequently with the police backwards and forwards—I met him nccidentally—he asked me to take a walk with him to Chelsea, which I did, and then we talked over this matter—I merely went for a walk—he went on business.

JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


BLACKMAN—


NOT GUILTY
.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

