



2569. 




GEORGE EDWARDS
 was indicted

 for feloniously uttering counterfeit coin, he having been before convicted of a like offence.


MR. CHARNOCK
conducted the Prosecution.





CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant-solicitor to the Royal Mint I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of George Edmonds at this Court, in the January Session, 1838—I have examined it with the original record—it is correct—(read.)





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Royal Mint—I was present at the trial of George Edmonds—the prisoner is the person.





MARY ANN BINKS
. I am the wife of Litchfield Binks, of the Musical Repository, Frederick-place, Southwark. On the 10th of July, between three and five o'clock in the afternoon) the prisoner came and asked for two boxes of resin—he paid me a five-shilling piece—I gave him a half-crown, a shilling, and a sixpence in change—he went away—I had put the crown-piece into my pocket—I had no other crown-piece there—in about three minutes he returned—he said had I not made a mistake—was I aware what money I had given him—I said, "Yes, four shillings"—he said his father never paid more than 3d. a box for the resin—I said, "If your father is in the profession he shall have them for 4d. each," and I returned him the 4d.—he said if his father did not like to have them at that price, would I return the money, and take the resin back—I said yes, and he left the shop—I am sure he is the person—I never parted with the crown-piece till I gave it to West.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What did you do with it after you put it into your pocket? A. I took it out, and put it on the piano-forte while the prisoner was there—I did not lose sight of it in case he should want it back—I did not put any mark on it till the following day—I was examined twice—on the first occasion I said I believed he was the person—he was differently dressed, and I said I could tell more by the general appearance and the speech than the dress—he was not with me more than three minutes.





JOHN WEST
 (police-constable M 242.) I produce a crown-piece, which I received from Binks.





WILLIAM JOHN MARTIN PENNEY
. I am the son of Joseph Penney, a publican, keeping the Indian Arms, at Rotherhithe. On Friday, the 22nd of July, the prisoner came to the bar, and called for a glass of half-and-half

—I drew it him, and he gave me a shilling—I saw it was bad, and took it to my father.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite sure he is the man? A. Yes, I had never seen him before—he was in the place a few minutes—when I went out he was standing before the next public-house—I followed him up—he went op the Globe-stairs—I gave him to the policeman—I did not see him all the way to the Globe-stairs—I lost sight of him while I was telling the policeman.





JOSEPH PENNET
. I am the father of William Penney. On the 22nd of July he brought me a bad shilling—the prisoner was at the bar—I went, and asked if he was aware of what he had given the boy—he said I was to take for a glass of half-and-half—I said I had a good mind to take him, and asked if he was aware that the shilling was bad—he said he was not—he then tendered me a good sixpence to take for the glass of half-and-half—I gave him 4 1/2 d. change—he then held his hand for the return of the shilling—he asked me to allow him to look at it—I said I would not give it out of my hand—he said he would see whether I would return the shilling or not, and went out of the house—I then sent my son up the street to give information to the policeman—I put the shilling on a shelf in the bar—no one else was present when I put it there—I gave it to the policeman.

Cross-examined. Q. What did you do when you put it on the shelf? A. I went about my own business—I did not mark it before I put it there—it was about an hour before the policeman came—there was no other shilling there, and the bar is quite private—the shelf was over my head—I could not see what was on it—I cannot swear whether what I said was, "Is that the shilling you gave my son?"—I said it was a bad one, and he was aware of it—I had never seen him before—the Globestairs is half a mile from our house—my son went out directly the prisoner left—the prisoner was not out of my sight as far as I could see up the street.





THOMAS TOWERSAY
 (police-constable M 237.) I received this shilling from Mr. Penney—I searched the prisoner, and found on him three keys—I gave them to the sergeant in the office.





JOHN JULIAN
 (police-sergeant M 26.) I received some keys from Towersay—I kept them in my possession till we went before the Magistrate, and then gave them to Millis, by the Magistrate's direction.





THOMAS MILLIS
 (police-constable M 222.) I received some keys from Julian—I went to the prisoner's lodging, in Lock's-square, Walworth, with his brother—I tried first the street-door key—it opened the lock—I tried a room in the house, which one of the other keys fitted—I searched the room, and found there a ladle, a tobacco-pipe, four files, a can of sand, and four spoons of Britannia metal.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it the prisoner who asked for the keys? A. No.





THOMAS SHOWELL
. I live in Lock's-square, Walworth—the prisoner lodged in my house five or six weeks—I was at home when Millis came there—I pointed out to him the room the prisoner occupied.

Cross-examined. Q. Did anybody else live in the room? A. No.





MR. JOHN FIELD

re-examined. These are both counterfeit.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.


Before Edward Bullock, Esq.
