




2321. 




WILLIAM GRIFFITHS
 and 




JOHN LETHBORG
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
13th of May, 58 caps, value 3l. 2s.; 168 cap tops, 2l. 10s.; 33 bands for caps, 3s.; 25 yards of gingham, 10s.; 1 3/4 yard of cloth, called worsted scarlet, 2s.; and 6 yards of worsted plush, 7s.; the goods of 



Robert Robins and others, the masters of Griffiths: to which


GRIFFITHS


pleaded Guilty.—Aged 25. Recommended to mercy.







Confined One Year.



MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






ROBERT ROBINS
. I, my father, and my brother, are in partnership together, as cap-makers, in Houndsditch. We occupy five houses behind ours—Griffiths was our clerk and foreman for three years, down to the 8th of July—Lethborg came into our service about three years since, and left about the beginning of January—his wife had been taught the trade on our premises—on Saturday, the 8th of July, I received information which caused me to have inquiries made about some goods—I received a communication from Griffiths—I was not aware that Lethborg was the proprietor of any shop in the same line of business—I went to Lethborg's shop within an hour after I had received the communication, with two officers—I found there were caps there of what we call No. 132, and some we call naughts—Lethborg's shop is in Worship-street—I found him at home, and took him into custody—I told him it was for receiving stolen goods—I searched his premises, and found a number of cap-tops and other things—we purchase them in this state—we could not miss them, our stock is so very large—this worsted plush is ours—here is a piece of gingham that I believe to be ours—it has our mark on it—this other piece of plush I have no doubt is ours—I asked Lethborg who marked these things—he said he did—I asked for the pattern—he produced one, which was too large, and then he said he must have lost it—I asked if he could not tell me where he bought the gingham—he said he could not, but it could not be ours, it was commoner than we used—I examined, and found it was of the best quality we ever used, and is made for us—I asked where he bought the cap-tops—he said, "Of a man over the water"—I asked where—he said he could not tell, but he had been to his house—I asked where his house was—he could not tell—I asked whether it was near Southwark, Westminster, or London-bridge—he could not tell—I asked the name—he said he did not know—here is other property, which, from the appearance and trimmings, I have no doubt are ours—I never knew two houses that trim exactly alike—they all make a difference in the manner of trimming—there are some things here which I do not like to swear to—I believe the whole of the articles mentioned in this indictment to be ours.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Who did you receive information

from? A. Our porter, named Charles, and then Griffiths spoke to me—I have not missed any portion of this property; I believe it to be ours, from its being similar to part of our stock, and bearing certain marks—we get this plush from Glasgow—it has the hand-writing of a cutter in our employ—the marks could not be made till it got to our cutting-room—Griffiths had access to every part of our premises—he might have waited on customers that came, but we did not sell any goods in London—this plush is worth about 6s.—we supply other shops in the country, but not in London.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had Griffiths any authority to sell goods to Lethbrog? A. No; Lethborg did not say he bought any goods of Griffiths, or of any one on our premises—he had no right on our premises after he left in January.





BENJAMIN STEDMAN
. I was porter to the prosecutors for nearly three months—I left about six weeks ago—there was a person named Perceval in their employ—Griffiths was in the service at the time—Lethborg was not—the side gates of my master's premises lead into Cock and Hoop-yard—the gates merely lead into the yard for the reception of goods—on a Saturday morning, about eight o'clock, I was with Perceval and another person—it is about three months ago—something passed from me to my fellow-servant, and I went into Fire Ball-court to watch—there is a stair-case which leads to a door-way in Cock and Hoop-yard, and then to Fire Ball-court—I saw Lethborg come out of Cock and Hoop-yard, at the back of our premises—he had a bag on his shoulder—Griffiths came out of the same court directly after—I did not speak to either of them—they went by me—on the following Saturday I saw Lethborg up Cock and Hoop-yard, opposite Mr. Robins's premises—I said, if he did not instantly go away I would give him in charge—he said, "I do not know what you mean," or something of that sort; and then he said, "You will never see me here again"—he went away instantly——I did not see him again till he was in custody—I afterwards saw Griffiths on my master's premises.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite sure you said you should give him in charge? A. Yes, or else that I would send for a policeman—I swear I said either the one or the other—I am a carpenter, and work in Little Moorfields—it was a dark bag that Lethborg had—either blue or black—it might be canvas—I will not swear it was not a white canvas bag—it was nearly as big as a sack—it was on his shoulder—I cannot say whether it was quite full—I first communicated this fact to Griffiths on the second Saturday morning—I did not tell my employer; I told Charles, one of my fellow porters, about two months after—I was not in work then—my master sent for me and asked me about this, and I told him—there was no suggestion about my being prosecuted—Cock and Hoop-court is a private court—the door of the warehouse opens out into it.





ROBERT ROBINS

re-examined. Cock and Hoop-court is not a thoroughfare.





WILLIAM PERCEVAL
. I was in the prosecutor's employ when Stedman was there—on a Saturday I accompanied him to Fireball-court to watch—I saw Griffiths and Lethborg come by—Lethborg had a large bag over his left shoulder—I did not see where he came from—I first saw him in Houndsditch, between Cock and Hoop-yard and Fireball-court, coming in a direction from Cock and Hoop-yard—I went on the second Saturday—I have heard what Stedman has stated as to what took place on that day—it is true—I saw him speak to Lethborg—I afterwards went back with him to the premises.

Cross-examined. Q. What was the conversation which took place between Lethborg and him? A. He said if he did not go away he would give him in charge—I am certain the expression was "Give him in charge"—I cannot say

whether Stedman used the word "policeman"—I first spoke to the porter Charles about it a week or a fortnight after—I mean to swear I remember the word "charge" having been used three months ago.





CAROLINE SMITH
. I am in the prosecutor's service as a cutter—these two parcels of plush are Messrs. Robins's—I know this piece by the mark C. P. which I put on it—this other piece I know by its being my cutting.





ANN SKINNER
. I was forewoman to the prosecutors—these six Venetian plush travelling caps are my master's, and were on the premises a long time, being so badly made—I could not send them out to a customer—these two dozen velveteen caps I believe to be my master's—one of them is No. 132, and some we call noughts—these nine seal caps and velveteen plush caps I believe to be theirs.





MARGARET GLOVER
. I am in the prosecutor's employ—these eight braided caps are my work—I braided them myself—they are Messrs. Robins's—they are not in a saleable state.

Cross-examined. Q. How many of these have you braided? A. Some dozens.





MARY ANN GLOVER
. I am cap-maker to the prosecutors—I made these two black turban caps for them.





JAMES WALBOURN
. I am a manufacturer of cap tops, and live in William-street, Newington-causeway—I believe the greater part of these cap tops produced are my wife's work—I sell to no one but the prosecutors, but other persons might make the same mark.





JOHN GEORGE WADE
 (City police-constable, No. 623.) I accompanied Mr. Robins to Lethborg's premises—I brought away the prosecutor's property I have now produced—when the cab came Lethborg asked if we were going to take the property away—I said, "Yes," and him too—when we got to Norton-Folgate he made a kind of a sneer, looking round at the property, and said he could prove who he bought it of.

Cross-examined. Q. Was not his expression that he could bring parties to prove that he purchased the property? A. That might be his word.
—Copeland, a stay manufacturer; James Phillips, Bricklayer, Miles Head-court; and John Brenning, a musical instrument maker, gave Lethborg a good character.

LETHBORG



GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

