




1721. 




JANE IMBERT
and 




MARIA LEWIS
were indicted for

stealing 15 yards of ribbon, value 9s., the goods of 



Rebecca Holmes.






WILLIAM JOHN LUCKING.
I am in the employ of Rebecca Holmes, who is single, and lives at Hackney. On the 12th of June, the prisoner Imbert came to the shop, and asked for some ribbon—shortly after Lewis came in, and looked at some mouseline-de-laine dresses—she took up one, but it was too dear for her—I showed her some others, which she did not approve of—she bought some other things—the prisoners were near one another—I suppose Imbert was in the shop half-an-hour after Lewis had left—I found that Imbert had not made a purchase—I asked her if she wished to purchase—she said, "Yes, " and described a ribbon that her sister had had before, but it was a ribbon we never bad—she then made an apology, and left without buying any thing—I followed her, and found the two prisoners just joining one another on the pavement, and conversing—they turned round and walked up Clapton together, talking—I met a policeman, and on overtaking them, Lewis said that Imbert was just telling her how she had been treated in the shop—I told them I suspected they had something—Imbert said she was perfectly willing to be searched, which she was—nothing was found on her, but this ribbon was found under Lewis's arm, by the policeman—it is my mistress's—(looking at it.)

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. How do you know this ribbon? A. By the pattern—I have had it in my hands many times—the private mark has been torn off—I am sure about it—I had seen ribbon of this kind in the shop within two days—a great many persons had been there within the two days.


COURT.
Q. When your attention was drawn to it, did you miss this ribbon? A. Yes—it was known to be in the drawers just before.

MR. PAYNE.
Q. But you had not seen it within two days? A. I do not know that I had—I bad not sold it—there are three other persons in the shop—they are not here—Lewis was in the shop from ten to twelve minutes—she came after the other, and went away before her—she bought some Scotch cambric.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY.
Q. Imbert was some time there? A. Yes—she sat there when Lewis came in, and after she went away—she said she had came with the intention of buying, but could not please herself.





JAMES FINN.
I am a sergeant of police. I saw the prisoners walking close together—they were apparently talking, and seemed to know each other—I came up, and the witness charged them from their conduct in the shop—Imbert said I might search her, and Lewis said the same—she lifted up one of her arms, and a part of her shawl—I took up her other arm, and took this ribbon from her—Imbert had 1s. 2d., and Lewis had 7¼d.

IMMBERT*—


GUILTY.Aged 19.

LWEIS*—


GUILTY.Aged 19.
✗ 



Transported for Seven Years

