




638. 




WILLIAM JONES
 and 




JOHN BARNARD
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
12th of Jan., 11lbs. weight of beef, value 5s. 6d., the goods of 



William Shepherd; and that Jones had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM SHEPHERD
. I live in King's-road, Chelsea. On the 11th of Jan. I was in my shop adjoining my parlour—I heard a cry of, "Stop thief," west out, and saw the prisoners running at a distance in a direction from my shop—I did not see either of them carrying anything in a green bag—they were too far off—they were brought back to my shop—a piece of beef was produced to me weighing eleven pounds, worth 5s. 6d.—I knew it—I had lost it from my shop-board.





GEORGE WASTELL
. I am a cheesemonger. On the 12th of Jan. I saw Barnard running in the King's-road, about 200 yards from Shepherd's shop—he had a green bag—there were several persons running—there was a cry of "Stop thief"—Jones was close behind him—they were both running—when I spoke to Jones, Barnard was running, and crying, "Stop him, stop him"—I stopped Barnard—he threw the bag towards Jones, and said, "Here, Bill, take it"—he said it was not him, it was some one who had passed on—I picked the bag up—Jones continued running—I took Barnard back to the prosecutor's—he resisted very much—it was as much as two persons could do to hold him—I found the beef in the bag.





THOMAS ROWLAND
 (police-constable B 135.) I received the prisoners in charge.





GEORGE DANIELS
. I live in Mary's-buildings, King's-road, Chelsea. On the morning of the 12th of Jan., between ten and eleven o'clock, I saw both the prisoners standing near the prosecutor's house—Jones turned round one side of the shop where some beef was piled up—he took one piece, turned

round, and pat it in the green bag which Barnard held in hit hand—ha then gare a twist, and put it on his shoulder—I said, "Is that the way you do it, boys?"—they took to their heels—I alarmed the prosecutor, and cried, "Stop thief"—I was loaded at the time, and could not pursue, them—there was not a soul besides myself within one hundred yards.





WILLIAM BUTLER
 (police-constable B 3.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Jones's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at the trial—he is the person described in the certificate, by the name of Dell—I have had him in custody before.

JONES*—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.


BARNARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—



Confined Six Months.

