



1569. 




JOHN FLINT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of March, 1 pocket-book, value 1s.; and 3 10l. and 17 5l. Bank-notes; the property of 



Charles Robert Rose, from his person.


MR. WILKINS
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES ROBERT ROSE
. I am a tobacconist, and live in the Hackney-road. On the 7th of March I presented a cheque for 150l., at the house of Barclay and Co., in Lombard-street—I got it cashed in 5l. and 10l. notes,

and five sovereigns—I put them into a pocket-book in my inside pocket—I paid away 35l. of it—I got home between three and four o'clock in the afternoon—I found the prisoner and my wife there—I had known him six or seven months—after I had been at home some time, I and the prisoner went to a public-house to drink, and from thence to a brothel—we staid there all night, and the following morning went to the Royal Oak, and played at skittles—I had occasion to change a 5l. note there—I took my pocket-book out of my side pocket to get at the note—the prisoner saw that—the note was inside other notes, and I had to unroll them—I counted my money, and I had then 115l.—I returned my pocket-book back—I and the prisoner went back again to the brothel, and while I was there Procter came for me in a cab—I, and the prisoner, and Mr. Procter went back again home—when I got home my book was safe—I had a couple of box tickets given me to go to the City Theatre—I and Procter went to the Theatre, leaving the prisoner at home with my wife, and on leaving my home, my wife said, in the prisoner's hearing, "My dear, you had better leave your pocket-book at home"—I did not do it—the play was over at ton minutes past twelve—Procter and I returned home—the prisoner was at my house then—Procter said to my wife, "I have brought your husband home safe and sound, and his pocket-book in bis pocket"—the prisoner must have heard that my pocket-book was in my pocket—I put my hand upon it—my waistcoat was but-toned up—Procter then left—he said, "Good night, Mr. Rose"—I fell asleep—my wife, the prisoner, and the servant-girl were in the room at the time—after I had been asleep some time, I was awoke by my wife—my waistcoat was then unbuttoned, and my pocket-book and its contents gone, and the prisoner was gone—I gave information to the police the next day, and gave a description of the prisoner—I next saw him when I went with the superintendent to Eastbourn, in April—I cannot tell the day when he was apprehended—I said to him it was a hard thing that he should rob me when I had behaved so much like a friend, a brother, and a father to him.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What time did you get this cheque changed? A. Between twelve and one o'clock—the prisoner was in the habit of being at my house almost every day—I went with him between six and seven at night—I had no dinner that day—we went to a public-house between seven and eight, and remained there till between nine and ten—I do not know the public-house—we were drinking together—I did not get drunk—we went to a brothel in Plumber's-row, Commercial-road—we found company there, and remained there all night, and the next morning, between ten and eleven we went to the Royal Oak, and had something to drink—we went back to the brothel, between one and two—a message was sent to Procter to say that I was there spending my money, and he came for me—I did not spend above 1l. or 30s.—I was not giving my money away—I swear I did not take out my pocket-book at the brothel—the only time I pulled it out, was at the Royal Oak.





JOSEPH PROCTER
. I keep a beer-shop in the Hackney-road. I live next door to the prosecutor. On the afternoon of the 8th of March, in consequence of something the prosecutor's wife said, I went to fetch the prosecutor from a brothel, in Plumber's-row, Commercial-road—I found him and the prisoner there, from two to four o'clock in the afternoon—I took them to the prosecutor's house in a cab—I left the prisoner and prosecutor there for a short time—I went into the house with them—in the course of the evening I went to the play with Rose, leaving the prisoner and Mrs. Rose in the house—we returned at twelve—I went into the prosecutor's house, and saw Mrs. Rose and the prisoner, and the servant, in the parlour—I said to Mrs. Rose, "Here

he is, Mrs. Rose, according to my word, safe and sound, and there is his book and his money," pointing to his waistcoat—previous to our going to the theatre, I saw the pocket-book and its contents on my counter, and all the evening, if I turned and looked towards him, I could see the corner of the book in his waistcoat—I had seen Rose count his notes previous to his going to the theatre, and he put the book into his inside waistcoat pocket.

Cross-examined. Q. You knew where to find him? A. Yes, his wife knew, and she knew the prisoner was with him—I found they were both rather drunk, but both capable of contracting business—I have known the prosecutor from five to six months, and we have been intimate—he was in a fit state to go to the play after I brought him home—he asked me to go with him—he had had two tickets given him—we did not go to any place to drink before we went to the theatre—previous to going, he took out the book and laid it on my counter, and counted his money—there were a great many bank-notes—I did not tell him he had been giving away large sums of money—I have known the prisoner from four to six months—he was at one time more than half his time at the prosecutor's.





JANE ROSE
. I am the prosecutor's wife. In consequence of information, on the 8th of March, I sent Mr. Procter to fetch my husband home—he brought him and the prisoner home—my husband went to the play with Procter—they returned between twelve and one o'clock, and Procter said, "I have brought your husband home safe and sound, and his money is all right"—Procter left the house, and my husband fell asleep on my arm—I saw his pocket-book safe in his pocket, and the corner was sticking out—after he had fallen asleep I sent the servant out for half-a-pint of porter for my supper—I was called into the shop to a customer, and left my husband asleep, and the prisoner with him in the parlour—while I was in the shop the prisoner passed round the counter, wished me a very good night, and told me he should see me again in the morning—I returned to my husband about two minutes after, he was still asleep—his waistcoat was buttoned before I went out, and when I returned it was unbuttoned, all but one button—I screamed out, "Where is your pocket-book?" and aroused him—I went after the prisoner, but did not see him again till he was at Worship-street.

Cross-examined. Q. About how long after Procter went were you sitting with the prisoner? A. My husband left me about seven o'clock, and the prisoner was sitting with me occasionally from then till my husband came home—I do not eat or drink anything when my husband is out, because of his absence, as I have a shop to attend to—I knew where my husband and the prisoner came from—I did not remonstrate at being left alone with the man who had taken my husband to that place—I took the prisoner for a friend, but he has proved a foe—I have been very much injured, and am not fit to stand here at this moment—I was glad for any one to keep me company—I was quite as capable of observing the pocket-book that night as I am at this moment, and far better—I have not been taking anything to-day—no more I had that night.

MR. WILKINS. Q. Why are you not capable of standing here? A. I am unwell—my illness is the result of my husband's indiscretion—I have had nothing but a glass of porter and a cup of coffee to-day.





JOHN MITCHELL
. I am a clerk in the bank of Barclay and Co., of Lombard-street. The prosecutor came to the bank on the 7th of March, and drew 150l.—I paid him nineteen 5l. notes, five 10l. notes, and 5l. in cash.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you pay the cheque yourself? A. Yes, I took down the numbers of the notes I gave him on this cheque—the 5l. notes were Nos. 94616, 94617, 94618, 81926, 94200, 94199, 94351, 94352, 81242, 87699, all dated the 13th of April, 1843; and 22321, 10976, 20062, 28210,

13306, 13307, 1436, 20577, 32061. of the 11th of Feb.—the 10l. notes were Nos. 50946, 50947, 50948, 39872, 66327, dated the 10th of January.





ROBERT JOHN WARD
. I am landlord of the Britannia, South wark-bridge-road. On the 9th of March the prisoner came to my house, and had some refreshment in front of the bar—he tendered me a 5l. Bank-note—I hesitated to give him change for some time, but he referred to two or three names in the neighbourhood, and I gave him change—he gave me the name of Flint, of Reigate—I paid away the note to a corn-chandler, and he has paid it away since—this is it—its number is 81242.





HENRY HABBIGAM
. I live at the William the Fourth, George-street, Blackfriars-road—the prisoner came to my house on the morning of the 9th of March—he took breakfast, and I afterwards accompanied him to a Mrs. Stevens, a butcher—he gave her a note.





SARAH STEVENS
. I am the wife of John Stevens, a butcher in George-street, Blackfriars-road—Habbigam came to our shop on the 9th of March, with another man—I do not know who—I gave change for a 5l. note to that man—Mr. Flint, of Reigate, was the name given with the note—I wrote it on the note—I did not take account of the number—this is the note—(produced by Mr. Beamish)—it has my writing on it.





MARY MOORE
. I am the wife of James Moore, who keeps the Goldsmith's Arms, in Southwark-bridge-road. On the 9th of March the prisoner came for some refreshment—he asked me for change for a 10l. note—I did not touch it, but I saw it—I could not change it—he had what I supposed to be the other notes.





HENRY ELMES
. I am inspector of police at Brighton. I took the prisoner at the Horse and Groom, near Eastbourne, in Sussex—I charged him with robbing Mr. Rose of bank-notes to the amount of 115l.—he made no answer—I searched him, and found on him a letter and this hand-bill.

Cross-examined. Q. What were the words you used? A. I said, "I take you on suspicion of robbing Mr. Rose"—I will not swear whether I mentioned the amount—(hand-bill read—"Twenty pounds reward. Whereas, on the morning of the 9th instant, there were stolen from the person of Charles Robert Rose, of No. 4, Hackney-road, Bethnal-green, a pocket-book containing notes to the amount of 115l. Suspicion is attached to a man named James Flint; he is a butcher by trade, and occasionally deals in horses"—(here followed a description of the prisoner.)





JOHN FERGUSON SMITH BEAMISH
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England. I have a 5l. note paid in on the 13th of March, another, 81242, paid in on the 13th of March, and several others—I have compared them with the notes read by the banker's clerk.




GUILTY
. Aged 43.—


Transported for Ten Years.

