




917. 




THOMAS CARTER
 was indicted

 for a robbery, with two others, on 



Thomas Cotton, and stealing 1 half-crown, 1 sixpence, and 1 farthing; his moneys.






THOMAS COTTON
. I am a smith. On the morning of 6th March, between two and three o'clock, I was in Henry-street, Hampstead-road—I had been to a party and had drank a little, but I knew perfectly well what I was about—the prisoner and two others came up to me, the other two held my arms while the prisoner picked my pocket—I called "Police!" and tried to get away; and as soon as I did, I missed a half-crown, sixpence, and a new farthing from my left trowsers pocket, and which I know I had safe not ten minutes before—they ran way—I ran after the prisoner, calling "Police!"—I laid hold of him at the corner of Henry-street, and gave him to a constable who came up—I had not lost sight of him at all—at the station he said to me "So help me God, my good fellow, I am not the man that has got your money, but I have got three shillings of my own, I will give you that if you won't lock me up"—he was going to hand me the money, when the constable snatched it from him—it was a half-crown, a sixpence, and some halfpence, and a net farthing among it.

Prisoner. Q. Can you swear to the farthing? A. No, but I had a new farthing—I swear you are the man that put your hand into my pocket and took my money—I have not asked your friends for a sovereign not to go. before the grand jury.





JOHN WILLIAMS
 (policeman, S 410). I was standing at my own door in Brook-street, Whitechapel, and heard cries of "Police!" two or three times—I was not on duty—I went to the corner of Henry-street, and saw the prisoner, in company with two other men, walking ahead of the prosecutor, who was following them—he came up to me and said he had been robbed—he seemed exhausted—I laid hold of the prisoner—the others got away—the prosecutor told me, in the prisoner's presence, that he had robbed him—the prisoner denied it; I took him to the station—he was there going to" give the prosecutor the money, and I took it from him—it was a half-crown, a sixpence, a new farthing, and a counterfeit shilling—he said, "Take this, it is not worth your while locking me up."





JOHN KING
 (police-sergeant, S 7). I was acting inspector when the prisoner was brought to the station. He said to the prosecutor, "So help me God, my boy, I have not had your money, but I have three shillings of my own which I will give you rather than be locked up all night"—Williams took the money, and among the coppers was this new farthing.

Prisoner's Defence. As I was coming along Brook-street, I heard a cry of "Stop thief!" I crossed the road, and saw the prosecutor and another man, dressed like myself, standing together; they walked on; I was walking just a-head of them; he was hallooing out "Stop thief!" three policemen came running up, and he said, "These two men have robbed me;" I saw three or four men running away; I was taken, and they let the other man walk away; when I got to the station, I had a half-crown and some halfpence which I bad taken on Saturday night for selling things, and, rather than be locked up, I said "You shall have it," and he was going to put it into his pocket, when the policeman took it out of his hand; the prosecutor was in a dreadful state of intoxication, and did not know what he was about; the sergeant did not know whether to book the charge against me, but he has a spite against me.





JOHN WILLIAMS

re-examined. The prosecutor was not so intoxicated as not to know what he was about.




GUILTY
.** Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years
,
