




1085. 




FANNY WATTS
 and 




ANN POWERS
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
9th of March, at 
St. George, Hanover-square, 1 box, value 2s.; 4 bonnets, value 8l.; 15 caps, value 9l.; 2 head dresses, value 1l. 6s.; 6 mantillas, value 6l.; 2 cloaks, value 9l.; 2 cloak linings, value 1l. 10s.; 2 shawls, value 1l. 18s.; 1 shirt, value 4s.; 1 pair of boots, value 3s.; 1 boa, value 1l. 10s. 4 spoons, value 12s.; 2 aprons, value 18d.; 1 scarf, value 18d. 1 piece of fur, value 2s.; 1 habit shirt, value 18s.; and 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; the goods of 



Edward Axford, the master, of the said Fanny Watts, in his dwelling-house.






EDWARD EDWARDS
 (police-constable E 60.) On the 9th of March, about a quarter-past six o'clock in the morning, I was on duty in the Portland-road, and saw the two prisoners—they passed me—I saw their dresses hanging very loose and confused about their persons—I followed them a few yards, and then asked what they had got—Watts said she thought it very

strange they could not pass along without being questioned by me, and Powers said the same—I told them, however strange they might think it, I considered it my duty to do so, as I thought it bore a very suspicious appearance—Watts then said they were both servants, that they had been living at Brighton, and that they had started from there the previous evening by the coach, which sat them down at the White Horse-celler, Piccadilly, at five o'clock that morning—not feeling satisfied with that account, I took them to the station—they were searched there, and the articles named in the indictment were found on them—they gave the inspector on duty the same account as they gave me—I asked their names—they gave the names of Fanny Watts and Ann Powers—the inspector asked them whether they had any friends in town—Powers said she had a mother living at 28, Duke-street, Bloomsbury—I went there and found her mother—I afterwards found out the prosecutor.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Which of them gave you the account of the property coming from Brighton? A. Watts spoke first—they both gave the same account—I am certain Powers also said they came from Brighton, and she said so at the station also.





EDWARD AXFORD
. I keep a milliner's shop in Little Maddox-Street, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square. The prisoner Watts was in my service or about a fortnight—on Monday evening, the day before the robbery, she went into the country, and was to be back by five o'clock next morning—the came back at four—I let her in, and the other prisoner with her, who I supposed was her sister—she did not say anything to me—I asked her to come in with her sister, and take coffee—they went down into the kitchen together, and I did not see them afterwards till they were at the station—the policeman came to me that morning, and took me there—I missed the articles stated, which are worth upwards of 60l.—they were safe the night before, some in drawers in the show-room, some in boxes, and in different places—they were mostly locked up—they came up, and asked for the keys, which was the general course of a morning.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you able to recognise the things as your property? A. Yes, certainly.





WILLIAM MOODY
 (police-sergeant.) The prisoners were left in my custody at the station, while Edwards went to make inquiry—Watts burst out crying, and said, "I wish to say something to you"—I said I did not wish to hear any thing, I was afraid it was wrong, and I might be forced to tell it in evidence against her—she said, "It is not our own property, it is the property of my master, at 4, Maddox-street, Bond-street—it was through the persuasions of the other that I have committed this offence, which is the second time that she has persuaded me to commit the like—we have lived servants together at Bedlam"—Powers was present, but made no reply—she kept on walking about and laughing, as if to take no notice.

Cross-examined. Q. Did she not add that Powers had called on her in Maddux-street the afternoon before? A. Not to me, nor in my presence, to my knowledge—she might have done so.

Watts. I am very sorry for what I have done.
(Charles Fear and Jane Fear gave Powers a good character.)

WATTS—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

POWERS—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.




Transported for Fourteen Years.
