



1916. 




HARRIET HOLLYOME
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Reddell, on the 
16th of June, at 

St. Mary Matfelon, otherwise Whitechapel, and stealing therein, 1 quilt, value 5s.; 1 shawl, value 5s.; 2 gowns, value 10s.; 2 shifts, value 2s.; 2 bed-gowns, value 2s.; 2 pillow-cases, value 18d.; 2 table-cloths, value 2s.; 1 petticoat, value 1s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 10d.; 2 habit-shirts, value 1s.; 4 collars, value 9d.; and 5 pairs of stockings, value 9d.; his goods.






MARY ANN REDDELL
. I am the wife of William Reddell, of Princes-street, Whitechapel. On the 16th of June, about four o'clock, I left my room, on the first-floor, and locked the door—I was brought home by a neighbour—I found my room-door wide open, and missed the things mentioned

in the indictment—these now produced are part of the property I lost—my husband and I have not lived together for five years—I believe he is alive—I have not seen him these three years.





MARY ANN HAINES
. I am the wife of Robert Haynes, of Princes-street, Mile-end. On Wednesday, the 16th of June, I was standing at my door, and saw the prisoner go into the entry of Mrs. Reddell's place, but did not see her come out.





SOPHIA BAILEY
. I am the wife of Joseph Bailey, of No. 18, Baker's-road, Whitechapel; the prisoner lodged with me. On Wednesday, the 16th of June, about half-past two o'clock, she came home with a large bundle—she went out again in the evening between six and seven—she had a small parcel then, like this now produced—I saw the gown poking out of it—I believe this is the same bundle.





THOMAS GARDINER
. I took this quilt and bundle in pledge on the 16th of June—I do not recollect, for certain, who of, but I believe it to be the prisoner.





MAURICE CALNAN
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody—she asked what I wanted—I said, "A robbery was committed at No. 4, Princes-street, on Wednesday last, and you are suspected"—she said, "I was not near the place on that day"—I then took her to No. 18, Baker's-road—she went up stairs before me to the second floor front, and in a room there, in a box, I found this collar—the prosecutrix was with me at the time, and claimed it—the prisoner said, "I have had it by me for years"—I also found four pieces of linen, two pieces of silk, and a shirt, which the prosecutrix identified.
(The prisoner put in a petition, stating that distress had driven her to commit the offence.)




GUILTY
.* Aged 37.—


Transported for Ten Years.
