



906. 




JAMES PAGE
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Pearson Till, on the 
25th of Jan., at 
Fulham, and stealing 1 snuff-box, value 1l 1s; 1 seal, 2s 6d; and 1 watch-key, 1s 6d; his property; and that the had been before convicted of felony.






PEARSON TILL.
 I live at the King's Arms at Fulham. Before the 25th Jan. I had a snuff-box, a seal, and a watch key in my bar—I afterwards missed them—the box and seal were in a desk in my bar, which was broken open—on the morning of the 25th Jan., about eight o'clock, I found the bar had been entered by turning the screw of the box which the lock shot into—I had locked the house up safe the night before, from half-past twelve to a quarter to one o'clock—on the morning of 2nd March, I was called up by my horse-keeper, about a quarter before seven o'clock—I came down to my tap-room, and sent for the police-constable—I saw the prisoner there apparently half asleep, as if he had been intoxicated—I gave him into custody—under his feet was this snuff-box, which I lost on the 25th of Jan.—it could not have remained in the place where I saw it all that time—I also lost some French coins and various articles beside—nothing was found but this snuff-box, a watch-key, and a seal, which was on the prisoner's person—the prisoner owned the seal himself, he said it was his—a knife of the pri soner's

laid by the side of the snuff-box—he said the knife was his, but said he knew nothing of the snuff-box—the house is my dwelling-house, and is in the parish of Fulham.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. How do you suppose the breaking took took place? A. I imagine he must have got through the room window—it had not been left open—I saw it shut, and quite sale tapthe last thing the night before—I did not see any other mode by which he could have got in—all the other doors were fast in the morning—he had not been in the tap-room or the bar the night before—there appeared marks of violence on this screw, which fastened the box which the lock shuts into.





HENRY ABRAHAMS.
 About five or six weeks ago I bought a silver watchkey of the prisoner—this is it—he took it out of this snuff-box.





EDMUND TURNER
 (police-sergeant V 7.) I received this key from Abrahams—this snuff-box was given me by the prosecutor on the 2nd March—I took the prisoner and found this seal in his right hand waistcoat pocket.





PEARSON TILL

re-examined.This is my box—it was found at the prisoner's feet—this is my key, and this is my seal—my name is on the box.





WILLIAM SHELION.
 I went into Mr. Till's yard about half-past six o'clock in the morning on the 2nd March—I saw a hat on the monkeyboard of an omnibus—I saw the window open, and called the horse-keeper up.





JAMES BAKER.
 On the night of the 24th Jan., I met the prisoner about eighty yards from the prosecutor's premises.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. I drive an omnibus part of the day; and the rest of the day I work in the stable for my father who is an omnibus proprietor—I did not speak to the prisoner—he was coming from the bridge towards the prosecutor's—I was going towards my home away from the prosecutor's—I have been an omnibus conductor, and have lived at different public-houses—I was never charged with anything but once—I was fined 10s for a pair of boots.





JOSEPH BULL.
 I was a constable—I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted 16th June, 1845, and confined three months)—the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY.
AGED 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

