




777. 




HENRY GRANT
 and 




WILLIAM BRIGHTWELL
 were indicted for

stealing 1 wooden bowl, value 1d.; 1 halfcrown, 4 sixpences, and 1 groat; the property of 



William John Busby; and that Grant had been before convicted of felony.






ELIZABETH BUSBY
. I am the wife of William John Busby. We live at Clapham. Between eleven and twelve o'clock on Saturday morning, the 8th of Feb., I was in the back-parlour behind our shop, and heard the shop door shut—I ran into the shop, and saw no one—I looked over the counter, and saw the till had been robbed—a wooden bowl, containing some silver, a half-crown, and some sixpences, was gone—this if the bowl—I had seen it safe with the money in it ten or fifteen minutes before.





ELIZABETH MARY WELLS
. On that morning, between eleven and twelve o'clock, a young man said something to me—I opened the door, and picked up this bowl in my front garden, which is next door, but one to Mrs. Busby's.





WILLIAM BARNARD
. I am eleven years old. I saw Brightwell go into the prosecutor's shop that day, and Grant waited outside—when Brightwell came out, they both ran away together—the policeman ran after them—I am sure that Brightwell went in, and Grant waited outside, and then they ran away together.


Grant. I will swear I was twenty yards from the shop. Witness. You were close against the door—I was at the corner of the next street.





GEORGE MARGUARD
 (police-constable, V 197.) I saw the prisoners that morning near Vauxhall gate—I and Bent watched them—they went up and down several streets till they came to Larkhall-lane, where the prosecutor lives—they went sometimes on one side, and then on the other—I saw Brightwell enter Busby's shop, and Grant was outside—we hid ourselves, and I did not see Brightwell come out, but they both ran, and we pursued them—I saw Grant throw a half-crown and some other money away—one sixpence of it Mrs. Busby can swear to.





ELIZABETH BUSBY

re-examined. I believe this is a sixpence which I had placed in the bowl.





THOMAS BENT
 (police-constable V 95.) I was with Marguard, and followed the prisoners that day up and down different streets, sometimes on one side, and sometimes on the other—I saw Grant walk to and fro by Mrs. Busby's door—I did not see Brightwell enter the shop—I saw them running, and Grant threw some money away.

Grant's Defence. The officers state they saw me throw the money, and the boy says he saw me close to the shop; I wish to know if Brightwell could give me the money while he was running, and I was at a distance from him.

Brightwells Defence. I never went into the shop at all.





JOHN HETHERIDGE
 (police-constable L 35.) I produce a certificate of Grant's former conviction, which I got from the Clerk of the Peace for Surrey—(read—Convicted on the 5th of Feb., 1843, and confined six months)—he is the person.

GRANT*—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.


BRIGHTWELL—*


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

