




820. 




HENRY MORRIS
 and 




HENRY HULL
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Grove, on the 
5th of February, at 



St. Leonard, Shoreditch, about the hour of two in the night, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 2 boxes, value 5s.; 1 tea-caddy, value 5s.; 1 desk, value 5s.; 10 shirts, value 35s.; 1 shawl, value 10s.; 1 yard of flannel, value 1s.; I brush, value 1s.; 1 necklace, value 1s.; 1 snap, value 1s.; 1 medal, value 1s.; 2 yards of cotton, value 2s. 6d.; 1 ivory box, value 1s.; 4 frocks, value 10s.; 2 yards of cotton, value 1s. 6d.; 1 cloak, value 5s.; 9 pillow-cases, value 10s.; 12 towels, value 12s.; 6 napkins, value 6s.; 1 pair of socks, value 1s.; 5 table-cloths, value 10s.; 10 sheets, value 2l. 10s.; 6 aprons, value 3s.; 6d.; 9 printed books, value 10s.; 1 bag, value 6d.; and 18 foreign copper coins, value 1s.; the property of the said William Grove.







WILLIAM GROVE
. I live at Nos. 1 and 2, Horse-and-Groom-yard, Curtain-road, in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch; there is an internal communication from No. 1 to No. 2. I sleep in No. 1. On the 5th of February I went to bed about eleven o'clock, every thing was safe then—MRS. Grove was up a quarter of an hour after me, but did not go into No. 2, at all—I had seen No. 2 quite safe—I was the last up, except my wife, and I did not go to sleep till she came to bed—I was called up between three and four o'clock in the morning, and went into the house No. 2—it appeared as it was left, except that a small portion of the parlour-window was open—the sash was lifted up a little—it was down the night before, but not fastened—a young man named David Bower slept in that room—I found him asleep still—he is not here—I missed two boxes from the back part of that room—the window had been closed the night before by a little servant-girl—she is not here, but I came home about eight or nine o'clock in the evening, and if that window had been up I must have perceived it—somebody must have lifted it much higher to get the boxes out—they contained a large quantity of linen, a variety of children's clothes, some printed books, and a tea-caddy—the boxes belong to my daughter—the value of all the property in the boxes is about 9l., at a low calculation—when I was called up, I found the two prisoners and another man in custody, at the station-house, with all the property that was missed—I had seen it safe the afternoon before.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. If this your property? A. A portion belongs to myself, part to my son, part to my daughter, and a larger part to my wife's sister, but it has been in my possession three or four years—it was left in my care, and I was answerable for it—I am sure I have not over-valued it—my son is apprenticed to a watchmaker, but comes home on Saturday nights—I have known Morris about five years—I never knew any thing wrong in him—I have been a sergeant of the police some years, and am now gaoler of the police-court, Worship-street.





JOHN MASTERS
. I am a policeman. On the morning of the 6th of February, about half-past two o'clock, I was on duty near the prosecutor's louse, and coming by Horse-and-Groom-yard I saw a man, not in custody, standing on the pavement opposite the yard—when I got near the yard, I saw the two prisoner's come out of the yard—they all three joined together, and went up Curtain-road—one said to the other, "I have gave him twelve shillings, and the b——is not satisfied with that, he wanted the other two"—I turned down Horse-and-Groom-yard—there is a mews to the right—I turned my light on near the bottom, and saw two boxes, a teacaddy, a writing-desk, and some wet sheets—in a few minutes Sergeant Kidney came up—I told him, he accompanied me down there, and in a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes a cab drove up to Horse-and-Groom yard—Hull and another not in custody came running down the yard—Sergeant Kidney and I were there, and as soon as they saw as they returned and made a run—I pursued, and took Hull into custody—the other made his escape altogether—I saw a cab standing at the entrance into the yard—Morris was sitting on the box, and the door of the cab was open—it was the cab that had driven up—Sergeant Kidney came up and ordered the cab- man to stop—he put the boxes into the cab, and ordered him to drive to the station-house—Morris remained on the box till they got to the

station-house—he was not the driver—I asked Hull what he was coming down the yard for—he said to ease himself.

Cross-examined. Q. Where were you standing at the time you say you saw the prisoners come out of the yard, before you heard the conversation? A. Down the yard near the boxes—the conversation was in the Curtain-road—I was opposite Horse-and-Groom-yard on the same side of the way, about three yards from them—they went towards Old-street-road, and I went on behind them—I was about three yards behind when I heard the conversation—I did not expect any thing wrong then—I knew Morris by sight before, seeing him about town selling ginger-beer in the summer time.





ABRAHAM AVIS
. I am a licensed cab- driver. On the morning of the 6th of February, just before three o'clock, I was on the stand at the Mad-house rank, in Old-street-road—Morris came up to me there and engaged my cab—I did not know him before—he told me he had fallen out with his landlady that night, and wanted my cab to move his two boxes from the Curtain-road to Aldermanbury—he asked me what I would do it for, and before I could answer he said he would give me 1s. 6d.—I said I would take him—he afterwards said I need not be afraid of the money, and gave me 18d. before I went—he got on the box, and a friend of his came up—he said his friend was going to the Curtain-road, and I let him into the cab—I do not know that person—I was going to get on my box to drive away, and the prisoner Hull came up—he let himself into the cab, and said he was going down the Curtain-road—I got on my box and drove to the Curtain-road with the three—I asked Morris where I was to stop, and just opposite Horse-and-Groom-yard he told me to stop—just before I pulled up, the two got out, and went down the yard—Morris remained on the box with me—a policeman hunted the two out of the yard—they took one, and the other got away—the boxes were put into my cab, and I drove to the station-house.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you taken into custody at all? A. I was detained that night, and taken the next day before the Magistrate, where I stated this.

Hull. Q. Which side of the cab did you ride on? A. On the driving side—Morris sat on the near side—it was just before three o'clock—you jumped out of the near side of the cab, and ran down the gateway with the other man—I saw you run down the gateway—I never saw you before nor ever drank with you—I use the rank by King's-road sometimes, but do not drink at any public-house there—I have a brother who keeps cabs—I have not been drunk lately—I did not meet you five years ago when I was drunk, and beat you with a broomstick.





HENRY KIDNEY
. I am a police-sergeant. I came down Horse-and-Groom-yard about a quarter before three o'clock—Masters told me he had found the boxes—while I was there with him, about five minutes before three o'clock, two men ran down the yard—Hull is one of them—they turned back directly they saw us, and ran away—we pursued them—Masters caught Hull—I ran out and stopped the cab—Morris was on the cab with the driver.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you ask the cab- driver where he brought the property from? A. Yes—he seemed quite confused, and never answered my question—he did not give any account of it till he went before the Magistrate next day—I was at the examination—what the prisoner said was

taken down—I did not see the Magistrate sign it, and do not know his handwriting.





THOMAS MALIN
. I am a policeman. I know the two prisoners—I saw them together about two o'clock in the morning of the 6th of February, coming from a public-house at the back of Shoreditch church, leading into Hackney-road, in company with three men and a female—they were in Castle-street, which is seven or eight minutes'walk from the prosecutor's.

Cross-examined. Q. What time did you see them? A. Near two o'clock—it was not half-past two o'clock—I am the constable on the beat, and hare to report to the sergeant the time the public-houses close—I heard the clock strike shortly before, I have every reason to believe, but their disorderly conduct took my attention—I will say the clock had not struck half-an-hour—they were making a noise, and being disorderly—one in their company was very drunk, but the prisoners were not drunk—they were not a mile from the prosecutor's—I went before the Magistrate at the second examination—I was there on another charge, and was asked if I had seen them.

MORRIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

HULL—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.
Of Stealing in the dwelling-house, but not of Burglary.




Transported for Ten Years.
