



820. 




JAMES HOLLYWOOD
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
26th of Feb., at 
St. Martin Ludgate, 1 purse, value 6d.; 1 cash-box, 4s.; 1 carpet-bag, 3s.; 77 sovereigns; 5 half-sovereigns; 20 shillings; 1 sixpence; 12 pence; 5 halfpence; 1 20l., 1 10l., and 5 5l. Bank notes, the property of 



James Sykes, his master, in his dwelling-house.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES SYKES
. I am one of the vergers of St. Paul's Cathedral. The prisoner lived with me about three years as a servant, or to do anything he was required—he assisted me in the discharge of my duty as verger—part of the time he boarded and lodged in the house, but did not receive any wages, except it was when he was engaged at the church—he had 6s. a week—on Thursday, the 26th of Feb., I went with my wife to Greenwich—he was then in my service—he had the care of the house till I came back—I left about half-past two o'clock in the afternoon—I returned about six o'clock—the prisoner was then gone—I went up into my bed-room, which is the front room third floor, and found my door, which had been locked, unlocked and open—I had taken the key in my pocket—there was a cupboard in the bedroom in which I kept my money—that was locked when I went out—I found it unlocked—I had a little cash-box in the small wardrobe drawer—the purse was not in that, but in the closet—there was, as near a I can guess, a 20l. note, two 10l. notes, and five 5l. notes, and I think about eighty sovereigns or so, in the purse when I went away, amounting in the whole to about 140l.—that purse and money was gone and the cash-box, there was about 40l. in the cash-box in silver and gold, and a promissory note for 10l.—I have not the numbers of the notes—I have since seen the 20l. note, which was rather conspicuous, being cut in two—the amount of the notes shown me corresponded with my loss—the purse has been shown me and the cash-box, but it has been very much dilapidated since I lost it—I also lost a carpet-bag—I have since seen one which I believe to be mine—my box I cannot swear to.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALDWIN. Q. I believe besides assisting you in

the church the prisoner assisted in the family? A. Yes, he made himself generally useful—he was in the habit of being in the room where this money was—I was not aware that the key of the parlour-door opened that room—I have since found that it does so—during the time the prisoner was in my service I had never had any reason to complain of him before this.





JAMES TUCKER
. I am in the service of the Rev. Mr. Hall, one of the minor canons of St. Paul's Cathedral—he lives near Mr. Sykes—I heard of Mr. Sykes' robbery on Friday the 27th—on the evening before that I saw the prisoner in Stationer's-court, about half-past five—he told me he was going to Norwich for a few days—he had a carpet-bag with him, like the one produced.





EDWARD KNIGHT
 (City police-sergeant, No. 208.) In consequence of information on the night of the 12th of March, I went to a concert-room in the Kingsland-road, I there found the prisoner—I took him into custody, and told him, "I apprehend you for stealing 200l. from Mr. Sykes"—he said, "I am very sorry for it, I should have sent some of it back, but that I was afraid to trust it with any one"—I said, "It is now necessary for me to tell you that all you have to say, relating to this case, I shall be obliged to repeat before the Magistrate"—I put him into a cab and took him to the station-house—he there told me he had been to Birmingham, that he had thrown the cash-box down a water-closet, and the carpet-bag he had left at a public-house—he described the house—I searched him and found in his right hand coat pocket a pocket-book containing 75l., 10l. in gold, and 55l. in Bank of England notes—one was a 20l. note—the 20l. note was cut in two and put together again—I took a watch from him, he told me he had purchased it out of the money—the money was counted over in his presence—I found 20s. 6d. in silver and 14d. loose in his pocket—Shipley took from him the purse and four sovereigns, which he handed to me at the time—after I had searched him he said he did not think there was so much as 200l.—I went to Birmingham and found the cash-box down a water-closet at a house—I recovered the carpet-bag in consequence of what he told me—I produce it—I have shown them to Mr. Sykes and he has spoken to them.





WILLIAM SHIPLEY
 (City police-constable, No. 344.) I assisted my brother constable in searching the prisoner—in his pocket I found a purse containing three sovereigns and two half-sovereigns.

MR. SYKES
re-examined. The house is my dwelling-house, it is in the parish of St. Martin, Ludgate, at Amen Corner—I have seen the pune—it corresponds with the one I lost, and there is a considerable portion of the same denomination of money found on the prisoner, both as regards notes and gold—I had never taken the number of the notes, but I can remember the 20l. note and can speak positively to it.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know exactly what number of notes you lost? A. Yes, there was one 20l. note, and two tens, and five fives, there is one missing—I am sure there were two tens—I had seen them about a fortnight or three weeks before.
(Luke Gill, gentleman, No. 150, High Holborn, gave the prisoner a good character.
) 



GUILTY. Aged 24.—Strongly recommended to mercy.
—



Transported for Ten Years.

