







1778. 



HENRY MATTHIAS,


 ROBERT BROWN,



 MARY ANN HILL,



 CHARLOTTE MARTIN
, and 



JOHN STACEY
, were indicted for

 together feloniously assaulting 



George Frederick Wood, on the 
2nd of June, putting him in fear and danger of his life, and stealing from his person and against his will, 1 hat, value 5s.; 1 handkerchief, 4s.; 1 pocket-book, 1s.; 5 sovereigns; 5 10l. and 1 5l. Bank notes, his property; and immediately before, at the time of, and after the said robbery, beating, striking, and using other personal violence to him.


MR. WILKINS
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE FREDERICK WOOD
. I live in Circus-road, St. John's-wood. On Friday night, the 2nd of June, I was returning home from Bow—I got to Whitechapel-road at near twelve o'clock, within ten minutes of twelve—I had drank something, but was sober—when I came into Whitechapel-road I met two females and a man walking together—I asked them where there was a cab-stand—the two females caught hold of my arm, and said they would show me where there was a stand—I cannot recognize either of the female prisoners as the persons—I walked some little distance to discover a stand, and felt them pulling me by the arms—I was afterwards knocked down, and rendered senseless, in a certain measure—I was so stunned, I had no power left, and was robbed—I had, when I left Bow, five 10l. and one 5l. notes, and five sovereigns—the notes were pinned into my right waistcoat pocket—I am quite positive the notes and money were in my pocket when I left Bow, and after that I was not in contact with any person, or in any situation in which that money could be taken out—it was inside, and my coat was buttoned—I felt a person's hand in that waistcoat pocket twice distinctly, and at the same time I felt a tugging—that is the first thing I remember after I was knocked down, while I was on the ground, I had not strength to resist—the next thing I recollect was the policeman coming up—I was lifted off the ground—my hat was gone—I remember feeling it taken off, after the money was taken—I did not see who did it—I was quite stunned from the blow, and paralysed in a measure—I lost all my strength—I was knocked down not more than two or three minutes after seeing the females, in my estimation—I had a pocketbook and handkerchief in my hind coat pocket—they were also taken.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You are a gentleman of property are you? A. Yes; I receive an allowance from my brother—I had been to visit a person at Bow—I walked, as there was no omnibus—I had left home in the morning with my money—I had received it the day before—I was going to pay it away—the greater part of it was due to a person in Gray's-inn—if I had gone to town earlier I might have paid it away—I received it at a banker's—I have not seen any of the notes since—I will not say I might not ask somebody for a cab-stand previous to meeting the females, but I avoided coming in contact with anybody, recollecting I had the money—I asked the question of a man about a quarter of an hour before I met them—

I did not walk with him—he was going in an opposite direction—I believe nobody else came to me, but will not swear it—I will swear I entered into no conversation with any one—I felt the hand put into my pocket while on the ground, and tried to keep hold of it, but I had not strength.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did you come into Whitechapel-road by the fields, or along the high road? A. Along the road—I am not in business—I have funded property of my own—I do not keep money at a banker—I had come through Mile-end gate—my friend at Bow did not know I had this money.

COURT. Q. Who is the banker where you received it? A. Gosling's—I had it on the 1st of June.

MR. WILKINS. Q. What is your brother? A. An officer in the army—I received 65l.





MARGARET WHITE
. I live in Wentworth-street, and am on the town. On Friday night, the 2nd of June, I was at the Pavilion theatre, in Whitechapel-road, with Garland—we came out at twelve o'clock—I saw the prisoner Martin go up to a man and call him as he was standing at the door of the Gardener's public-house—she said to him, "Come along, make haste, here is a chance;" or some such words—he followed her—in about five minutes I saw Mr. Wood and the two female prisoners with him, one having hold of each arm—I knew Martin before—I am certain of her—Hill had on a lilac-coloured frock, a dark shawl, and a blue velvet bonnet with red ribbons—I saw a bonnet in the hands of Alderman, the constable, before the Magistrate—it was such a bonnet as she had on—I pointed Bannister out the morning after the robbery, to the constable, as the person who had been with Mr. Wood—she was dressed the same as the prisoner Hill.

Q. When the two girls took hold of Mr. Wood, what did they do? A. They walked with him a little distance—they stood opposite the Earl of Effingham public-house—there were five men behind Mr. Wood—I saw those five men search his coat-pockets—I thought I saw them draw something out of his coat-pocket, but cannot say whether it was his coat they lifted up, or a handkerchief—the two females then let go of his arm, and the two men took his arms—I saw one man put his hand down his coat—the prisoner Stacey, I am quite sure, is the man who did that—I did not know him before—I saw him walking with the gentleman—I saw him put his hand down inside his coat, which was not buttoned—there was several more men behind—there was a crowd assembled—I was standing at a distance, and saw Mr. Wood knocked down—the two women were in the crowd all this time—I know the prisoner Brown, he was in the crowd—I saw him speak to the men who ran away, two or three times—he did not appear to be doing any thing but looking about—he looked from one man to another, and then spoke to them again—I saw him first in the crowd before Mr. Wood was knocked down—after he was knocked down the men ran down Black Lion-yard—Brown remained on the spot for some minutes—I saw Martin go off directly after the men left, with a hat in her hand—five or six of them went together—Stacey ran away with the others—I fetched a constable—when I returned with him, I think I saw Brown there, but will not be sure—I noticed Mr. Wood when he was walking between the females, and thought he was rather intoxicated—he appeared quite senseless when he got up.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did you know the two girls before? A. I had seen one of them once or twice before—I positively swear it was Martin who called the man from the public-house—the people were coming out of the theatre at the time—there was not a crowd at the public-house door—I cannot say whether the hat was snatched out of

Martin's hand—the girls were walking with him when the men searched his pockets—whether they saw what the men were doing I cannot say, their heads were turned away—he was knocked down about five minutes after they let go of him—I do not know how he was knocked down, his head was by the doorway, and six or eight men about him at the time.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Bannister, on Monday, wore the bonnet and shawl Hill wore that night? A. Yes, I am positive of the bonnet and shawl—I had not seen Hill before.





ELIZA GARLAND
. I live in Wentworth-street. I went with White on the 2nd of June, to the Pavilion—I know Martin—when we came out I saw Martin run to a young man who stood at the Gardeners' public-house, and say, "Here, come, here is a chance;" or some such words—he followed her shortly after—I then saw five young men behind Mr. Wood, feeling the outside of his pockets with their hands—there were two women, one on each side Mr. Wood—I know them both by sight—I know Martin was one—I cannot say whether Hill was the other—she was the same height as Hill—I know Brown—he was among the men in the crowd, talking to the young man who was on the right-hand side of Mr. Wood—as soon as the women left Mr. Wood, two young men took his arms—Brown was at that time alongside those men—on the right-hand side—they walked Mr. Wood a little further, then he seemed as if he was knocked down—he was laid on the ground—the men immediately ran up Black Lion-yard—a few minutes after Martin ran up the same turning with a hat in her hand—Brown staid a few minutes, and then walked away—I was two or three yards before Mr. Wood when he was knocked down—I was behind him at first—I turned round on hearing the men run, and saw Mr. Wood on the ground—I did not see him knocked down—I believe Stacey is the man who was on his right hand—I saw that man put his hand down the right-hand of Mr. Wood's coat.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You saw him knocked down? A. No—I saw him standing there, then saw him down—they all scampered off immediately—there were a great many people in the road coming out of the theatre—he was knocked down about a hundred yards from the theatre—there were thirty or forty people about.

MR. WILKINS. Q. How many were there about the prosecutor? A. Seven or eight—a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes elapsed from my first seeing him till he was knocked down.

MR. WOOD
re-examined. I received my cheque from Mr. Marris, a solicitor, and got it cashed at Gosling's.





EDWARD PAYNE
. I am clerk to Messrs. Gosling. On the 1st of June I paid a cheque of 64l., drawn by Hicks and Marris, in the name of G. F. Wood, with five 10l. notes, one 5l. note, and 10l. in money—I have a memorandum of it which I took from my book—I recollect it without reference to the paper.





ANN BANNISTER
. I live in Plummer's-row, Whitechapel. On Saturday morning, the 3rd of June, I saw Mary Ann Martin with the prisoner Hill, and went with them into Osborne-street—while 1 was walking with them Hill asked if I would exchange bonnets with her—she said she wanted to go to see the prisoner Charlotte Martin, that she was frightened that the two girls that were witnesses against Charlotte Martin would know her again up at Lambeth-street if she went there—I lent her my bonnet—she gave me hers in exchange, and we exchanged shawls—she did not say where she had been the night before, or explain what she meant by their knowing her—I went down to the police-court with Hill's bonnet and shawl, and was taken into custody.





EDWARD SIMMONDS
. I am a policeman. On Friday night, the 2nd of

June, I was on duty in Whiteechapel-road from a quarter to twenty minutes to twelve o'clock—White and Garland gave me information, in consequence of which I went to Trumpet-court, Whitechapel-road, and found Mr. Wood there—a constable had raised him up—I thought him a great deal the worse for liquor—White and Garland described the dress of one of the girls, and from that information I apprehended Martin in Montague-street—there were ten or twelve people with her, men and women—they were going from Wentworth-street towards the Pavilion—I stopped Martin, and told her I took her on suspicion of running away with a gentleman's hat and robbing him in Whitechapel-road—she said she had not been in Whitechapel-road since ten o'clock, when she was at the Dolphin drinking with others—she began to cry—I took her to White and Garland—they said she was the woman who ran away with the hat—I had seen Mr. Wood in Whitechapel-road before this, walking with two females, one on each side, but did not notice who they were—this was eight or nine minutes before I went to him, and a quarter of an hour before I apprehended Martin.





MARY ANN MARTIN
. I live in North-street, Trafalgar-place, Whitechapel, and am the sister of Charlotte Martin. On Saturday, the 3rd of June, I received information respecting my sister, in consequence of which I went to the station in Denmark-street, and found her there—in consequence of what Hill told me I went in search of Matthias, and found him going out of Wentworth-street, about nine o'clock in the morning—I asked him what I was to do concerning my sister being taken up for this robbery—he said he did not know—I said it was a very great robbery, and my sister was to suffer for it—he laid it was only 4l. 1s.—he said he had had 1l. for his regulars—I said that was nothing to do with me, he was to come and get my sister off—he said he did not mind being half-a-sovereign towards getting a counsellor—I said I did not want any half-sovereign, I only wanted to get my sister off—he told me to meet him at eleven o'clock at the Archers, in Osborne-street, and he would bring the other men with him, and see what could be done for her—I went there at eleven o'clock, but did not find him—I knew he lived at Allen's, in Baker's-row—I went there, and noticed a lot of things in a band-box all packed up ready to be carried away—there was a new bonnet and gown among them—I came out with him to find the other men—a cab passed us with his young woman and another man in it and the boxes—it was not either of the prisoners—the young woman said to Matthias, "Harry, Harry, jump up behind"—I said, "I can see what you are doing, you want to go away without finding any body, and leave me in the lurch"—Mary Ann Hill was with me at the time—she said it was a great shame he should go away and leave my sister in the lurch to suffer—I gave him into custody then—Hill had come to my house at two o'olock in the morning, and had been with me all day—she was with me when he said there was only 4l.—the prisoner Stacey is called Carroty Fred—I heard Hill say he was where the robbery was done overnight—Matthias said he would go and look after Carroty Fred and Andrew Murphy, and bring them to me—he said he had been over the water in a cab looking for him, but could not find him—Hill did not say where Matthias had got any money from.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. He said there was four of them in it? A. Three men—he only mentioned the names of two persons "besides himself—he said my sister had not had any of the money—I did not go to ask him for money.

Q. He proposed to you to subscribe out of his own money to get her a counsel? A. Yes—I told him I would have him apprehended, and I did—I had left my sister about half-past nine o'clock at night—she has been on the town about six months, and was never in custody.


Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You are an unfortunate girl? A. Yes—I was never tried in a court of justice, or ever imprisoned.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. How soon was Matthias taken up? A. About two or three o'clock—Hill went with me to the station, and gave information, which led to his being taken.

MR. WILKINS. Q. Did Hill give information to the police? A. No, she went with me to the station—she came to me at half-past two o'clock in the morning, and said she was coming by when my sister was taken—she thought it was for robbery, but she did not know.





MANSEL EVANS
. I live in Bell-court, Princes-street, Whitechapel, and am a harness-maker. Up to Friday night, the 2nd of June, Matthias lodged in the same house as me—I have the ground floor—he lodged up stairs—I and my wife went to bed between nine and ten o'clock that night, and between twelve and one I was aroused by Mary Ann Hill—she asked for a bit of candle—we knew her voice, and paid no attention to her—she mentioned Carry Smith, who was an acquaintance of hers—my wife then got up, and gave her a bit of candle—while she was waiting for the candle, she said to my wife, "We have done it for 50l., and I am waiting for my regulars"—she said she had the gentleman in the road, he was looking for a cab—she then went up stairs into Matthias's room with the candle—I could hear men and women up in the room—I could hear their voices, but not to understand what they said—in a short time I heard a footstep come into the court, and a man's voice halloo out either "Nammas," or "Lammas"—I had heard that expression before, and believe it is a phrase among thieves to run away—the people in the room above then ran down stairs—Hill went with them, and every body in the room, except Amy Pool, who cohabits with Matthias—in about a quarter of an hour Hill returned, and went up stairs—she and Pool came down with a lighted candle, left it in my room, and said they were going away not to return that night—next morning Hill came in, with three or four women, between ten and eleven o'clock—Hill said, it was very hard, that as she had put the men on the block they should offer her 10s., but she was sorry after that she did not take the 10s.—she afterwards said she would have them all transported unless she had her share—they had some gin, and then went away—Mary Ann Martin came into my house in the afternoon, and saw Matthias in my pretence—I heard her say to him, it was very hard her sister should be locked up, she had not a friend in the world, she would be starved, and not have a counsel to plead for her, unless she had assistance—Matthias said he had not 1s.—she said, if he had not, he knew where to get it—Matthias went up stairs—they did not follow him—then Mary Ann Martin and Hill went out together—I heard Hill say, the girl that was taken up was taken for her, because they exchanged bonnets and shawls.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Matthias was not present when Hill mentioned about the 50l., &c? A. No, he was up stairs—there was nobody but me and my wife in the room—Martin's sister said it was hard her sister should be transported for nothing.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You did not see Mary Ann Hill? A. Yes; she came into the room—I heard all I have stated—I did not exactly pay attention to every word—I will not swear that Matthias did not say anything to Mary Ann Martin about the 10s.—I thought it was a robbery, but I like to look to my own affairs—I have never been taken up for robbery, but for a spree, getting tipsy—that was once, or it may be twice—I worked at harness-trade last Wednesday for a doctor at Hackney—I was never in prison in my life—not in the House of Correction, or any gaol—I must confess 1 was in the House of Correction; but not for robbery—it was for an illicit still.






MARIA EVANS
. I am the wife of Mansel Evans. On Friday night, the 2nd of June, about twelve o'clock, Hill came and knocked at our door, when we were in bed—she said she wanted a piece of candle for a young woman named Carry—I got her a piece—she said she had put them on to a bloak for 50l.—she went up into Matthias' room with the candle—I heard several persons there besides her—I heard men's voices, but did not hear anything they said there—after Hill had been up stairs a little time, a man came down, came to the door, and said, "Namraas "—then they all came down stairs and went away—Hill afterwards returned, and Amy Poole, who lived with Matthias—Hill said she would have her regulars to-morrow—they went away—I fastened the door, and went to bed—Hill came to my house next morning, and said they had offered her 10s. for her regulars, but she would not take it—I saw her again in the afternoon with Mary Ann Martin and Caroline Smith—they saw Matthias in the entry—I heard Hill tell Matthias she would have her regulars—he said he could not give it her, for he knew nothing about it, nor had he any money about him—he then said, "Come along with me, I will see if I can get it;" and they all went away together—I saw no more of them.





WILLIAM ALDERMAN
 (police-constable H 7.) I was before the Magistrate when Mary Ann Hill was put into custody—she had been examined as a witness—as I put her into the dock, she said something to me—I do not think the Magistrate could hear her—I did not state it to the Magistrate, but did to the clerk afterwards in my deposition, and it was read over in her presence—I afterwards went to her lodging, and found this bonnet there—I have not the shawl.





ANN BANNISTER

re-examined. This is the bonnet I wore at the office—it belongs to the prisoner Hill.





JOSEPH PRICE
 (police-constable H 15.) I apprehended Brown on the evening of the 3rd of June—I asked if he had been along Whitechapel-road that morning—he said he had—I asked if he knew, anything of a gentleman being robbed there—he said he saw a gentleman leaning against some shutters in Great Garden-street, apparently drunk, and while he was being taken across the road, he said, "Where is my hat?" he did not know the gentleman was robbed.





EDWARD SIMMONDS

re-examined. These examinations have Mr. Norton's, the Magistrate's, hand writing—he called me to witness it—I heard Hill's examination read to her—she did not sign it.—(The examinations were here read)—"The prisoner Charlotte Martin, says—On Friday night I was in Whitechapel-road, and met this gentleman; Mary Ann Hill was with me; we took hold of the gentleman's arms, and asked him if he would treat us; he said, "Yes." Just as we got to Great Garden-street, there was a lot of them came behind us and shoved the gentleman down; Carrotty Fred, was one, Andrew Murphy was another, and Harry Matthias, the prisoner, was another. They took hold of bis arms and unbuttoned his coat, and took out something; what it was I do not know, and they ran down Black Lion-yard: the gentleman was knocked down; I did pick up his hat; just as I got by the pump, some one took it out of my hands. I went as far as Whitechapel-church, and was going round home the back way: we met a good many chaps coming out of the Bell; I and Mary Ann Hill was telling the chaps about the gentleman being knocked down, and the policeman came and took me; that is all. I saw Harry Matthias take the money out of Carrotty Fred's hand, and put it in his mouth; he said to somebody there, 'they are all counters' (sovereigns.)
"The prisoner, Mary Ann Hill, on her examination, says—I saw the man knocked down; Andrew Murphy knocked him down against the shutter, and I saw Carrolty Fred and two or three more run away; I was standing there when the tail policeman came up—there was a great mob round—I saw Charlotte

Martin taken, and I went and told lier sister in the morning—I Went with Mary Ann Martin to the Archers—I saw Andrew Murphy there—I did not see Matthias—I know nothing about the robbery."
"The prisoner Matthias says—I am innocent of it."
"The prisoner Brown says—I was coming down Whitechapel with a young man, John Bateman, and I saw the gentleman leaning against the shutters; Simmonds came up to him immediately; I heard the gentleman say, 'Where is my hat?' there was another policeman; they call him Irish Tim, and he asked the gentleman if he had lost anything; there were only those two constables there; they got up to the gentleman before I did, and had hold of him. By the time I got up, a third constable came up, and he took the gentleman across the road, towards the station; that is all I saw. I went home with Bateman.





WILLIAM ALDERMAN

re-examined. I heard Hill's examination read to her—I do not know why she did not sign it.

Brown's Defence. I had been to the Pavilion with Bateman, and in returning saw the gentleman in a leaning position against the shutter, supported by the officer; I heard the tall policeman ask if he had lost any thing; he said yes, his hat; he appeared to be drunk; he said he had lost other things, and called again for his bat, which was the time the witnesses saw me as they state; another policeman came up, and took him across the road; after that I saw both the female witnesses; they both knew me personally before this, living in the same neighbourhood; I and Bateman walked down Whitechapel, towards Osborne-street; I shook hands with Garland after this took place, and bid her good night; I went home; they might have taken me into custody, for I did not go away; I was not there when the gentleman was robbed, but I believe the witnesses, having seen me afterwards, think I was there at the time; it is not likely, if I was concerned, I would have allowed the others to divide the money, and not be myself provided with counsel.

Stacey's Defence. I was not in Whitechapel after eleven o'clock; I was at home by half-past eleven.





JOHN BATEMAN
. On Friday evening I went to the Pavilion with Brown; we came out, and went towards Whitechapel church; the first thing that caused us to stop, was seeing a gentleman in custody of two policemen; he said he had lost 43l., and his hat; he wanted a cab to go home; they said, "No, you had better come with us, we may learn who took the money"—I bought some fish and bread while I was there; I saw the gentleman cross the road with the two policemen, and we went home.

COURT. Q. Did Brown accost the policemen, or give them any information? A. None whatever—I saw nothing till the prosecutor was with the policemen—I saw no women or men.

MR. WILKINS. Q. What are you? A. An umbrella-maker—I work for Mr. Crocket, of Spitalfields, at this time, and have been with him nine years, constantly—I have known Brown two or three years—the violence was all over when Brown and I came up, and the robbery complete—there was a great mob round the prosecutor.
(Martin received a good character.)

MATTHIAS and BROWN—


NOT GUILTY
.

MARTIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

HILL—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

Recommended to mercy.—




Confined One Year.


STACEY—


GUILTY
. 


Transported for Fifteen Years.

