



1462. 




SARAH REASON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
28th of April, 3 half-crowns and 4s., the monies of 



Robert Maynard, her master.






ROBERT MAYNARD
. I am a butcher, and live in Royal Hospital-row, Chelsea. The prisoner was about three weeks in my service.





ELIZABETH MAYNARD
. I am the prosecutor's wife. I missed some things, and a constable was sent for—I went with him to the prisoner's room, and on her shelf the constable found this duplicate for two gowns—I also lost a collar, and found it on the child's crib, by the side of her bed—I had left it in the cupboard in my bed-room—I never authorized her to take it out—these gowns are what I lost—(looking at them)—I examined a parcel of new articles found in her bed-room, and in the parcel I found a bill.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you accuse her of stealing your gowns? A. Yes—she said she was innocent, and her room might be searched—she said she knew nothing about the duplicate found on her shelf.





GEORGE THATCHER
. I am a policeman. On the 30th of April I went to Mr. Maynard's, I told the prisoner what had been missed, I afterwards went to her bed-room with Mrs. Maynard, and on the shelf I found this duplicate of the two gowns, pawned at Perkins's, in Kingsland-road, in the name of Gibbins—I found a collar concealed between the flock bed and the mattress of the crib—I went to the pawnbrokers with the prisoner, and got these two gowns, which I produce.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you asked if she had any objection for you to search her boxes? A. Yes, she said she had none.





JOHN KILLINGWORTH
. I am shopman to Mr. Perkins, a pawnbroker—I produce two gowns, pawned on the 24th of April, for 4s., in the name of Ann Gibbins, by a woman—I cannot swear positively to the prisoner—I believe I have seen her before—this is the duplicate that was given for them.

Cross-examined. Q. Is it your writing? A. Yes, we have a great

many people come to our shop—I could not tell what particular things they pawned.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.
