



1147. 



WILLIAM THOMAS SHARPE
 was indicted

 for embezzling the sums of 21l. 2s. 6d., 13l., and 8l. 13s. 0d., which he had received on account of Sir 



William Magnay and another, his masters.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE THOMAS WOOD
. I am foreman to Messrs. Teape and Son, printers, on Tower-hill. My employers dealt with Messrs. Magnays—they were indebted to them 21l. 2s. 6d.—on the 16th of November I paid that by a check to the prisoner, to be paid to the prosecutors—on the 1st of Feb. my employers were indebted to Messrs. Magnays 13l.—I paid that by a check to the prisoner—I have received both the checks back from our bankers, Spooner and Attwoods—these are them.





WILLIAM WATSON
. I live in St. Ann's-lane, and am a stationer. I deal with the prosecutors—I paid the prisoner 8l. 13s. on the 12th of April, on account of Messrs. Magnays—I took this receipt of him.

Cross-examined by
MR. ALLEN. Q. How long have you been in the habit of doing business with the prisoner? A. I should think twelve or fourteen years—he has not been all that time at Messrs. Magnays—I have

not paid him large sums—my business is not very large—I recognized him as acting as clerk or traveller for Messrs. Magnay—I have dealt with them for some time, and have generally paid what sums were due to them to the prisoner—I should think he has been there about five years—I had an account with Messrs. Magnay—the orders for the goods were obtained by the prisoner—my transactions have been through him or the traveller who called—I gave orders to the traveller, and he would call for the money at a certain time.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. How long have you dealt with Messrs. Magnay? A. I should think ten years—I did so before the prisoner had the situation—I had always dealt with the travellers—I cannot charge my memory that I have seen Messrs. Magnay at all—I always paid the travellers money on account of Messrs. Magnay.





WILLIAM WING WILSON
. I am clerk to Spooner, Attwood, and Co. I gave cash for this check for 21l. 2s. 6d.—I paid it across the counter.





JOHN DAVIES
. I am clerk to Spooner and Co. I paid this check for 13l. across the counter, I do not know to whom.





JAMES SELLER
. I am in the employ of Sir William Magnay, who has one partner. The prisoner was in their employ as out-door clerk—it was his duty to collect orders and to receive money, which it was his duty to enter in his own book, and pay it over to me the same day that he received it—the book he kept was one in which he ought to enter the goods he sold, and the money he received; and in the evening he would say what monies he had received, and pay them to me—he did not pay me a check for 21l. 2s. 6d., nor the proceeds of it—he did not at any time pay me a check of 13l., nor the proceeds of it—if he had paid me the checks they would have gone through our bankers—these checks have not been through my hands at all—he never paid me 8l. 13s. in cash on account of Mr. Watson—it was his duty to pay checks and money to me.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you, the cashier? A. Yes—it was hit duty to pay it over to me as soon as he received it—that was the rule of the house—it is very likely I might have told him it was his duty to do to—I have no knowledge that Mr. Magnay has done so in my hearing—a month has not intervened between the times of his accounting to me—when I receive money I enter it in a book in which I enter money for the bankers—on Saturday, or any other day, the prisoner comes about five o'clock and pays me, and I enter the sums—he has never brought in large sums which have been collected during several days—this if the cash-book—I enter in this book from whom I receive the money—it agrees with the bankers'-book—I do not put down the prisoners name in this book—I put down the money as received from Mr. Watson, if it was received from him—this book would not tell from whose hands I received it—I sign the prisoner's own book as having received the money—this is it—the whole of this book, I believe, is the prisoner's writing—here is the month of Nov.—here is no entry of 21l. 2s. 6d. on the 16th, the 18th, or the 19th—he enters in this book the goods he sells, and gives credit for the cash he receives—they are entries of orders from different persons, and of cash—here is one entry, "Donnison, by cash, 3l. 7s.," and some others—these are goods sold by him—some of them have a credit entry under them, and some have not—those which have no credit under them would not be paid at the time—if he receives the money he enters it, gives me the money, and I sign this book—the ledger will show all the money I received from him, but the entries are not in his name; it will only indicate

that I received the money from Watson, or from any other customer—the prisoner had no access to the ledger—the ledger and cash-book contain the amounts of all the money I receive from all the clerks—this book of the prisoner's contains my signatures for what money he paid—the largest sum he has paid me is 50l., 60l., 70l., or 80l. for one individual—he never paid any sum in gross, composed of more than one debt—I would not have taken it so—if in the course of his business he received 19s. 6d. he would pay it when he came in at night—he was there every night, and I was there, and this pass-book passed between us every night.

Q. Do you mean to say that he did not do a great deal of business for Sir William Magnay without your knowing anything about it, except receiving the money? A. He certainly did not—he was out-door clerk—he did not write in the street; his duty was performed in the counting-house—he was a person taking orders from any person he could get them from, and receiving the money—that was part of his business—he was a clerk or traveller—the terms to me are both synonymous—I call myself a clerk—if I went collecting orders, as I have done, I should still call myself a clerk—the prisoner used to write in the counting-house.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Was it his duty to collect money, and pay it over to you? A. Yes, that was his duty from the first outset, and he hat done so for the last six or seven years—this book contains the entries of goods that he has sold, not that he had delivered, only sold—this book was always in the counting-house, and we saw the goods that he had sold, and sent them out by the porter—no sum of money would appear to these orders—it was his duty to collect the money.





GEORGE MAGNAY, ESQ
. I am in partnership with Sir William Magnay. The prisoner was in our service—it was his duty to receive money, and to account for it the day he received it—he had to collect orders in London only, not in the country—there is a country traveller and a town clerk-about two months ago I spoke to the prisoner about 21l. 2s. 6d. due from Teape and Son—I said, "It is very strange that Mr. Teape has not paid his account, being so wealthy a man"—he said, "It will be paid next Saturday"—that had reference to the 21l. 2s. 6d.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you have been very unfortunate in your servants? A. Yes, a great portion of them have been taken up, and are to be prosecuted on some charge of felony—they were charged before Sir Peter Laurie, and were remanded—in the first instance I charged the prisoner as being one concerned in that felony; in point of fact, with stealing paper—he was remanded at my request, but if he could have found bail they would have taken it—Sir Chapman Marshall, I believe, heard the case first—he admitted him to bail, but he did not find bail, and continued in custody—I think he was not in custody on a charge of felony more than a week, and then we brought this charge—he was remanded on account of the embezzlement—our first charge was that be stole our property, and he was remanded on that charge—we did not at that time make a charge of embezzlement—the second time he was brought up before Sir Peter Laurie, and I am not quite certain whether the charge of larceny was gone into against him—I think that was the time that the charge of embezzlement was made against him—I told Sir Peter Laurie we had charges of embezzlement against him, on which he remanded him at my request—I told Mr. Clarkson we had charges of embezzlement—when we made the charge of embezzlement the charge of larceny was

not abandoned, but we have abandoned it now—he it not now here on a charge of larceny—I think he was taken up about the 18th or 19th of April.

Q. Within a few days afterwards, did he not tender, through his solicitor, all his accounts, and the whole balance? A. Not to me—his friends had got the money, and wanted to make it a debtor and creditor account, but I would not—the money was not produced—they said, "We have got the money, if you will abandon the charge"—I do not know that any account was produced—it was not produced to me—I have seen no account—the money was not tendered—the expression made use of was, "The money is in my pocket, if you like to take it"—I had not then been examined on oath on the charge of embezzlement—I think I was examined on oath to substantiate this charge on the 14th of May, which was a few days after the person told me he had the money—but I had intimated that I should have a charge of embezzlement against him.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Is there a person named Dodge, charged with having received some property stolen by your servants? A. Yes, some paper was found on his premises, with the prisoner's handwriting on it—when the money was offered me by a person, I was acquainted with these acts of embezzlement—I had no offer at all before I knew the circumstances which gave rise to this charge of embezzlement—the words used to me were to abandon the charge, and make it a debtor and creditor account.

COURT. Q. Was any tender made on the part of the prisoner, before there was anything said about embezzlement? A. To the best of my belief, not.

MR. ALLEN. Q. Had you, in fact, made any charge, by calling evidence, before the money was tendered, or was it not privately whispered by Mr. Clarkson? A. I believe Mr. Clarkson said he had a case of embezzlement—he said it aloud.





COURT TO MR. SELLERS
. Q. Supposing he had received these checks, would it be his duty to change them, and bring you the money? A. Undoubtedly not, he had no business to do it.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

