





914. 




JAMES PERRY,



 WILLIAM JOHNSON
, and 




JOHN HUGHES



, stealing 1 purse, value 3d.; 1 half-crown, and 4 sixpences; the property of 



Sarah Envens, from her person; Perry having been before convicted: to which


JOHNSON pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 15.—



Confined Six Months.


HUGHES pleaded 


GUILTY
.** Aged 17.—



Confined Twelve Months.






MICHAEL HAYDON
 (City-policeman), On 6th March, about six o'clock, I was on London-bridge, and saw the prisoner Johnson put his hand into a lady's pocket—the two others were walking close behind him—he took his hand out, went along King William-street, turned down the steps, and joined the others, five minutes after—they then returned to the bridge, and followed another lady—I was joined by Scott—I saw Johnson put his hand into another lady's pocket, and the other two walked close behind; be drew his hand from her pocket, and passed something to Hughes—I went after the lady, and in consequence of what she said, I went after the prisoners, and took Perry in Pudding-lane—I went after Hughes, and said, "I want that purse you have got"—he said, "I have got no purse"—I took him by the collar; he had his hand in a hole, like a pocket-hole, and this purse dropped at his

feet—I picked it up, and there was a half-crown and four sixpences in it—I had seen the prisoners all together about half an hour.





GEORGE SCOTT
 (City-policeman, 560). I was with Hay don, and saw the prisoner, Johnson, put his hand into the lady's pocket—Perry was then in front of her, and kept dodging about to prevent her going fast—I saw Johnson pass something to Hughes—Haydon went after the lady, and I took Johnson and Perry into custody.





SARAH ENVENS
. I live at Guy's Hospital. This purse is mine, it had a half-crown and four sixpences in it, when I left Guy's Hospital—when I got to the bridge the policeman stopped me, and it was gone.





JOHN WHITLANB
 (policeman, M 89). I produce a certificate (read—Henry Jenkins convicted Feb, 1846; confined three months)—perry is the person—he has been since convicted, and had three months.

PERRY. 


GUILTY
.* Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven years.

