



59. 




JOHN ANDREWS
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 breastpin, value 24s., the goods of 



William Spear, from his person.






ROBERT HODOMAN
. I am a glass-cutter. On the 28th of Oct. I was in Fleet-street, and, from some circumstance, I thought it necessary to take the prisoner into custody about half-past three o'clock.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did you take him before Goff came? A. Yes—I cut glass for Mr. Green, in Gravel-lane—I worked for him twenty years ago, and have been with him now about three months—I was once taken into custody as I was going to work, twenty-one or twenty-two years ago—I was supposed to be in company with a pick-pocket, but I was discharged instantly—that was the first time I ever was in trouble—I never was charged with passing anything in my life, nor ever in Newgate, any other time than the time I told you of, and never was in any other prison in my life.

JURY. Q. What induced you to take the prisoner? A. I saw him take another pin from another gentleman—I took him about ten yards from Bride-lane—the prosecutor lost his pin in the Poultry.





CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
 (police-constable L 88.) I found the prisoner in custody of the last witness, and I took him—before I spoke the prisoner said, "I have no pin about me, I have lost my own pin"—I took him to the station, and found inside his coat these three pins; and in his out-side pocket, before I got to the station I found this other pin, which is partly broken—I found this silver card-case in his trowsers pocket.

Cross-examined. Q. There was a very great crowd about? A. Yes, there was

JURY. Q. Is the coat the prisoner has on now the one he had on then? A. Yes—two of these pins were in his inside body-coat, and the prosecutor's pin was in his outer coat, which was buttoned up—this part of a pin was in his outside coat-pocket.





WILLIAM SPEAR
. I am clerk to Messrs. Addington and Company, of St. Martin's-lane. On the 28th of Oct. I was in the Poultry—I had a breast-pin, and missed it about two o'clock—this is it—it is one of the three found inside the prisoner's coat—I had passed through Fleet-street, but I had the pin then—when I missed it, I immediately gave information to some of the detective force who were there.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years
.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
