




983. 




JAMES RAGAN
 and 




PATRICK MARA
 were indicted for

 feloniously assaulting 



Thomas Sneed, and stealing from his person, and against his will, 1 watch, value 3l, his goods.


MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS SNEED.
 I am a tanner, and live in Pancras-street, Tottenham Court-road. On Sunday, the 28th of Feb., at twelve o'clock at night, I was standing at the corner of Museum-street, Holborn; my brother, Samuel Sneed, was standing with me, a few paces from me—I had a silver watch, worth 3l, in my left waistcoat-pocket, attached by a steel guard-chain—as I was standing there, the prisoner Ragan ran and caught hold of me tight round the neck, threw his head over my left shoulder, and whispered something in my ear, which I could not rightly understand—while I was listening to him I felt some one else behind me, rather on my left side, where my watch was—they were there perhaps about half a minute—I could not see what they were doing—I felt some one touching me by the side of my back; they then left

me, and ran off in different directions—I can swear to Ragan positively, but not to Mara—he is much about the height of the other person—I had not a chance to see his face—when they had gone, my brother spoke to me—I looked at my watch-guard, and found it hanging down on my right breast, and my watch was gone—I am clearly confident it was in my pocket at the time Ragan took hold of me round the neck, and when he let loose his arms, it was gone—I and my brother, and somebody else, followed a little way, but my brother was not the nearest one to Ragan—the watch has not been found.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN.
Q. Were you alone with your brother? A. He was conversing with a few friends a few paces distant—they were two men—I saw no woman there—there was not one in our company—I had not spoken to one that evening, except my sister—I had been with my two brothers and my sister that evening—I had lately lost my wife—I had not been drinking—I had been enjoying myself at home all day—I had a glass of ale or whatever I liked, occasionally—we might have had some gin—we had no rum—we commenced drinking the gin and ale at nine o'clock in the evening—I then went to take my sister towards home, to the neighbourhood of Blackfrairs-bridge, and was returning to the corner of Museum-street on my way back—I stood there a few minutes waiting for my brother, who was speaking to two friends of his, about taking a cab to Camden Town—I had not spoken to any one between Blackfriars-bridge and Museum-street—I had taken out my watch a few minutes before that, as we came out of Mr. Roger's house, near the end of Drury-lane—after I left my sister, I and my brother, and his two friends, went into a public-house, and had about a pot of ale between us—we had no gin there—that public-house is about twenty yards from the corner of Museum-street—I recollect drawing out my watch after we came out of Roger's—not at the door, but in Holborn—I had only got it from the watchmaker's that day, and had been trying it all day by my brother's to see how it went—I think it was then twenty-three minutes past twelve o'clock—I had never seen Ragan before, to my recollection.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. Where are you employed? A. In Chenies-street, Bedford-square—I am at a currier's shop there—we have tan-pits there—I have worked there for the last nine years—I was drinking in more than one public-house on this Sunday night—I had been at home the early part of the day—sometimes I spend Sunday at home, and sometimes elsewhere—when we first left home I should think it must have been about ten o'clock at night—we had had tea at home, nothing stronger—we had a little rum in our tea—I have not said I had no rum at all—I said I had none while I was out—this was in the afternoon—I do not know how much spirits I had had that day altogether—I do not keep an account—we were in two public-houses—I was examined before the Magistrate on the 10th of March—( looking at his deposition)—this "Thomas Sneed" is my hand-writing—I said before the Magistrate that I felt some on touch me on the back—I did not say that before I went before the Magistrate. (The deposition being read, alluded only to Ragan, and did not mention a second party.)

Q. Do you find one word there about feeling some one behind you at the side where your watch was, and touching you at the side of your back? A. I perfectly recollect being asked that question, whether I felt any one at the side of me, or behind me, and I said, "Yes"—I never swore that I did not—I cannot say why it was not taken down—I was asked if my deposition was correct, and I said it was—I did not notice that that was not put in—I swear I said so before the Magistrate—I said I could not swear to Mara, and he was remanded—I told the Magistrate I could not swear to Mara till my brother was there

to identify him—he was let out, on his own recognizance, to come again on the 11th, which he did.

MR. PARRY.
Q. I understand you not to swear to Mara now; but only that it was a man about the same height? A. That is all—I was as sober as I am at this moment.





SAMUEL SNEED.
 I am the brother of the last witness, and live with him in Pancras-street—I am working as a smith, at Watford. On Sunday evening, 28th Feb., about twelve o'clock, I was standing with my brother at the corner of Museum-street, in Holborn—we were talking together about our own matter, and the two prisoners came up, along with another one—Ragan threw his arms round my brother's neck, and held him fast, and Mara put his arms round them both, and pushed up against them against a door—I took hold of Ragan by the shoulders, and told him not to kick up a raw there—in a few seconds he let go, and they all three stood about two or three yards apart from us—I looked at my brother, and noticed his guard hanging out of his pocket, and said to him, "Tom, your watch is gone"—I have no doubt the prisoners could hear that—the guard was hanging out of one the button-holes—hecarried his watch in his waistcoat-pocket—I noticed that the watch was gone at the time I said so—the moment I said so, they all ran away, each a separate way—I am quite sure Ragan is the man who did what I have said, and I am positive Mara was the man I them saw—we had been in a public-house about an hour and a half before, and Mara was there—I am sure I saw him there—I should not have noticed him so much when this occurred, except that I had seen him before—I made a remark to my brother—it was in consequence of seeing him before, that I am quite certain he is the man—we ran after them down Drury-lane, and John Williams stopped Ragan—Mara was not taken till the next Saturday night, and I did not see him till about ten days after, because I was out of town—I then walked into the waiting-room at Bow-street station-house, and picked him out of, I should say, twenty or twenty-five people—I recognized him the moment I saw him.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRINE.
Q. Then the persons who embraced your brother did not run away immediately? A. They did not stand a minute after they left him—they remained there till I said, "You have lost your watch"—that was not more than half a minute—I was standing speaking to my brother at the time this occurred—we were not than a yard apart—Isaw no women there—there might have been—I had been to see my brother and sister home—I had been with my brother all day—we took our meals as usual, as we did every day—we had a little drink—we had no brandy or rum—I never drink rum—there was no rum taken by any of the company to my knowledge—we had some porter—I dare say I might have had a glass of gin—I cannot be certain whether I had or not—I had never seen Ragan before to my knowledge—I should say I had been in three public-houses in the course of the evening—my brother was with me all the time—we had nothing to drink but our tea before we went out—no rum, nothing but beer—I had gone into two public-houses between the time of parting with my brother and sister and this occurrence—both houses were in Drury-lane.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. You always recollected that there were three persons, and that they stood forty yards apart? A. I did not say they stood forty yards apart—I said it might be two or three—they stepped away two or three yards, till I spoke to my brother—I saw Ragan go in front of my brother, and hold him round the neck with both his arms, and then saw Mara go and put his arms and hands round my brother—he then suddenly

ran away—Ragan then suddenly let go, and ran away also—they did stand two or three yards off till I spoke to my brother—this is my signature to my depositions—(read—"I saw Ragan go in front of my brother, and hold him around his neck with both his arms; while he was so holding him, I saw Mara go behind my brother, and put his arms and hands round my brother, and then leaving him suddenly, he ran away; on Ragan leaving go his hold, he also ran away; I then observed my brother's watch-guard, &c.")—Ihad seen several policemen before I went into the lobby to identify Mara—they did not tell me I should find him there—they told me there was a whole lot sitting in the room, and I must go in and see if the man was there—what I said before the Magistrate is correct.

Q. What do you mean, now, by saying there were three persons, and that they did not run away till you had spoken to your brother about his watch? A. I told the same tale then that I have now, or something very near it—I told the Magistrate I caught hold of Ragan's shoulder.

MR. PARRY.
Q. Are you quite sure you told the Magistrate substantially the same story as you have told to-day? A. I did—I cannot say as to the same words—I mentioned that there were three men—I was as sober that evening as I am now—my brother might have had a little drink.

COURT.
Q. Who did the party consist of at your brother's house? A. Myself, my two brothers, my brother's wife, and two of my friends—we had tea, and bread-and-butter with it—we had sugar and cream in our tea—the ladies had no rum in their tea.





JOHN WILLIAMS.
 I am hammer-man to a smith, and live in Tavistock-street, Camden-town. On 28th Feb., about twelve o'clock at night, I was at the corner of Museum-street with Sneed—I had been with them all day—I saw Ragan go to the prosecutor and put his arms round his neck—two others came up with him, and threw Sneed against a door—they then all ran away—I ran after Ragan, and got up to him—he struck me in the forehead, took the cap off my head, and chucked it at another person, who chucked it back again—he went up a court—I followed him all the way, and did not lose sight of him till the policeman took him—I do not speak to Mara.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN.
Q. Had you been with the two last witnesses that day? A. On Sunday morning Thomas Sneed came for me about eight o'clock, and I went down to Samuel—I was not away from them at all till this occurrence—I had taken tea with them—their other brother was there, and Mr. Sneed's sister-in-law, and a young child—we had no spirits with our tea—I had had a drop of gin before my tea, and I might have bad some beer after it—I had had some rum from the public-house in the afternoon, about one o'clock—I was sober—I had not been into a great many public-house—Icannot say whether it was three or four—I know I had been in more than one—I had never seen Ragan before—the moment he let go of my friend he ran away; I cannot say to an instant—as soon as I saw him he ran, and I ran after him—did not go with Samuel Sneed that evening to Blackfriars-bridge—Ido not know where it is—I know very little about London, except Camden-town.





WILLIAM PIGGOTT
 (policeman F 114.) I was on duty about twelve o'clock on Sunday night, 28th Feb., or half-past twelve on Monday morning, 1st March, and heard a cry of "Stop thief," and saw the prisoner Ragan running fast—I stood in a doorway till he came opposite me, and then I caught hold of him, and asked what he was running for—he said to warm his feet—I took him into custody—the two last witnesses and the prosecutor were following him.






WILLIAM LAYLAND
 (policeman F 100.) I took the prisoner Mara into custody on the 6th of March—I told him I wanted him—he asked me what for—I said, on suspicion of stealing a watch—I did not say from whom—I said, "I want you for being with Badger"—that is a nick name which Ragan goes by—he said, "I know nothing at all of him"—before I took him into custody I had received a description of him from Samuel Sneed and John Williams—it was in consequence of that that I apprehended him—I knew both the prisoners very well, and have seen them together more than once.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. Did not Mara come up to you? A. Yes he did—the Magistrate let him go on the Monday, on his own recognizances, to come up again, and he did so—I believe William and Thomas Sneed saw him on the Monday, but the brother did not—he was in the country, and did not come—when I took Mara, he said he knew nothing at all of him, meaning Badger.

Q. Will you swear he did not use the word it, meaning the robbery, and not him? A. It was him, that he said—I told him I wanted him on suspicion of stealing a watch—he said, "I know nothing at all of it"—I said, "Were not you in company with Badger?" and he said, "I do not know such a person," "I don't know him," several times over—he said he knew nothing at all of him whatever—I did not write down what he said.

MR. PARRY.
Q. You say he said he knew nothing at all of it, was that in answer to the charge of stealing the watch? A. Yes, and when I told him he was in company with Badger, he said he knew nothing at all of him—I believe he said that more than once.
(Mara's statement before the Magistrate was read as follow, "The prisoner Mara says, I know nothing about it, I was in bed at the time.")





WILLIAM LAYLAND

re-examined. They were four times before the Magistrate the first time was on the Monday—Mars was not there then.

MR. PAYNE,
on behalf of the prisoner Mara, called






MARY BURKE.
 I live at No. 15, Short's-gardens—the prisoner Mara lodged with me. I remember Sunday, the last day of Feb,—he was at home all that night—I went up stairs about nine o'clock, and he was in bed—he did not go out after that, that I know of—I think he could not have gone out without my knowledge—I did not see him again till the next morning—he was then in my shop—as far as I know, he had not been out since nine o'clock.

MR. PARRY.
Q. Had he been in bed all the afternoon? A. Yes—I think he was ill—he was in bed all the afternoon.
(—,police-constable E 42, and GEORGE BULLOCK,
E 28, deposed to Ragan's being the associate of convicted thieves; and
WILLIAM LAYLAND,
F 100, to his convicted at this Court on the 4th of July, 1843, by the name of James O'Neil.
ALFRED BARNES,
F19, HENRY CASTLE,
F 135, and said
WILLIAM LAYLAND,
also deposed to having had Mara in custody, and to his being the associate of convicted thieves.)

RAGAN**—


GUILTY. Aged 22.

MARA**—


GUILTY. Aged 20.





Transported for Ten Years.

