



1345. 




WILLAM WHITE
 was indicted

 for embezzlement.


MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






AEMEED DAVENES.
 I am a provision-merchant, in Turnmill-street, Clerkenwell The prisoner was in my service about six years, and great confidence was placed in him—he was the habit of visiting my customers, to take out goods, deliver and sell them, and he had authority to receive money—on 31st May last he accounted for 30l., received from Mr. Woodley; on 24th July, for 15l. 13s. from the same gentleman; and on 7th Oct., for 7l. 19s. 6d.—if he received, on 31st May, 35l., he has never accounted to me for the 5l.; if on 24th July he received 18l. 12s. 3d. he has never accounted for the 2l. 19s. 3d.; and if, on 7th Oct., he received 9l. 19s. 6d. he has never accounted to me for the odd 2l.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. Point out the first item in your book? A. This is it—here is 30l. accounted for—every page of this book is added up—I sometimes make these entries, and sometimes my wife—they are made from the prisoner's own book—I have not his book here of 31st May, but I have the receipt from Mr. Woodley—on 24th July the entry is mine—this is from the prisoner's book likewise—I have the prisoner's book here—this is the prisoner's writing, "15l. 13s."—on 7th Oct. the entry in his book, in his writing, is "7l. 19s. 6d."—he had to go the docks, and receive eggs rabbits, and other things, from the foreign vessels, and then to take them

round to the customers and sell them—his salary was 25s. a week—he did not come to me very early in the morning—he came about seven o'clock—the vessels commonly come in in the middle of the day—whatever time they came, it was his duty to meet them—I have other persons to perform the same duty, and they collect likewise—the prisoner was not kept out late at night on my business—he had been shopman to his father-in-law—I am not aware that he introduced me to his father-in-law's customers—if he paid anything on my account I always paid him back—whin he came home it was his duty to hand over the same evening what money he had received—he has very seldom handed it over the next day—if he came home so late that we were gone to bed, he might have kept the money, once or twice—he sometimes handed money to my wife, and when it has been counted he might hand it to other persons—I am not aware that he ever handed it to two boys—I think I have received it from the servant-girl, but I di not remember that I have from the boys—if my wife received it, she put it into the cash-box—she keeps my books.





ELLEN SARAH DAVENES.
 I am the prosecutor's wife. On 31st May the prisoner accounted to me for 30l., not for 35l.—on 24th July he accounted to my husband for 15l. 13s., and on 7th Oct. for 7l. 19s. 6d., he did not account to me for any part of them.





WILLIAM CHARLES WOODLEY.
 On 31st May I paid the prisoner 35l. on account of his master; on 24th july, 18l. 12s. 3d.; and on 7th oct, 9l. 19s. 6d., on account of Mr. Davenes—these are the prisoner's bills and receipts.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you know him? A. About twelve years—when I first knew him he was in the employ of Mr. Page, in Blackfriars-road.





WILLIAM PENNY.
 I am an inspector of police. The prisoner was given into my custody on 5th April—he said he had got drunk, and had lost 14l.

Cross-examined. Q. What money did you find on him? A. 2s. 6d., which was ordered to be given up to him—I found no money at his lodging—he has a wife and child.




GUILTY. Aged 31.—


Transported For seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner, and the prosecutor stated that he had lost nearly 200l. by him.)
