




1014. 




WILLIAM JONES
 and 




JOHN DUNCAN



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Mary Morrisson, at 
Islington, with intent to steal. 
MR. EWART
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY ANN MORRISSON
. I am the daughter of Mrs. Mary Morrisson, of 39, Suffolk-street, Lower-road, Islington. On 30th of March, I and my mother went on a visit, and shut the house up; we went to it on the Friday following, 3d of April, and found the kitchen window broken, the shutters forced in, and the sash down.





WILLIAM JOHN HALL
. I am an engraver of 14, Suffolk-street. On 3d of April, between one and two in the morning, I saw Mrs. Morrisson's gate open—I went to the back-parlour window, and fancied I heard voices—I went to the door and waited till a policeman passed—he went with me to the back

of the house, and saw the window open, and found the prisoners by the wall—the policeman took them.

Crass-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Did not Jones say he was intoxicated? A. Yes; there is a turning by the house—you can get over the wall easy enough.





WILLIAM ACASON
 (policeman, 423 N). Hall spoke to me—I went with him into his garden—the window-sash next door was open—the prisoners were standing close by the back kitchen—I took them in charge—Jones said they had had too much to drink—Duncan attempted to pass me—I found this life-preserver on him—I got assistance, and they were both taken.





THOMAS GOODSRHAM
 (policeman, N 433). I heard a rattle spring, and went to 13, Suffolk-street, and found the prisoners in Acason's custody—I received Jones—I saw Duncan throw away this jemmy—a knife, and some lucifers were found on Jones—Duncan said, "If they send me to Hobart Town, I can't be worse off for I have done nothing lately, and I meant to do it to-night, but you have spoilt it"—I found five marks on the kitchen door.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you pick up the jemm? A. Inside the railing of No. 14, about twelve yards from where Duncan stood, but he had been within half a yard of that place—it was dark—I saw him -fidgeting something in his band before he threw it—this is not the first time I have said that Duncan used the words, "You have spoilt it;" but I will not be positive as to those words (the witness's deposition being read, did not contain those words)—I told the Magistrate so.





JOHN BARTRON
 (policeman, N 65). I went to the premises—I saw the prisoner Duncan throw away these skeleton keys (produced)—the kitchen window was broken.





ELIZABETH WBLCH
. I am a widow. On 3d of April, about halt-past eight o'clock, I was at No. 18; the kitchen window was safe, and the shutters bolted. MR. HORRY
called






ROBERT LEAD
. I am a hair-dresser, of 66, Long-lane, West Smithfield; Jones has lodged at my house eight or nine months—I recollect the morning he was taken—the night before, he went out at eleven o'clock, very drunk; he said he would not go to bed, he would try to walk it off—he took out some lucifers to light his pipe—he always carried them, being a very great smoker—I knew him three or four months before he came to me—his character has always been honest—I never knew anything to the contrary.

Cross-examined by
MR. EWART. Q. What do you call very drunk.? A. When I went up he was asleep by the fire, with his head hanging over, as if he was going to be sick—I wanted to go to bed, and tried to rouse him—he has been a cellurman at a public-house close by—I never knew him to be out after twelve o'clock at night—it is generally half-past ten or eleven—I have had a son convicted—I have five sons,

JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

DUNCAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.





Transported for Ten Years.

(John Robert Foulger, City police-sergeant, 89, and Michael Haydon, City-policeman, 21, stated that both prisoners were the constant associates of thieves, and that Lead's back-door was kept open all night for them; the witness Lead was committed for contempt of Court.)
