



1350. 




WILLIAM GILL
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



Mary Ann Healey, putting her in fear, and taking from her person, and against her will, 1 purse, value 1d.;'three half-crowns, and 1 shilling; and that he immediately before, at the time, and immediately after the said robbery, did feloniously beat, and strike, and use other personal violence to the said 



Mary Ann Healey; and that he bad been before convicted of felony.






MARY ANN HEALEY
. I am an unfortunate girl. I lived in Martin-street, at the time this happened—I now live in Union-street, Borough-road. On Friday evening, the 29th of March, I received two sovereigns from some one—in the morning of the next day I was taking a walk, and met some girls like myself—we drank together—I had my purse after I left them—part of the time it was in my bosom, and part of the time in my hand—I was out from five in the morning till six—I was at Newington-causeway at five—I was not the worse for drink till I went to the Elephant and Castle—I had my purse when I went there, which was about halfan-hour after I left home—I do not remember seeing the prisoner at all, till I saw him coming out of the station—I lost my purse—I cannot say how I lost it—the last time I had it safe was ten or twenty minutes after six in the morning—I was then at the Alfred's Head, near the Elephant and Castle—I had been home at night, and been to bed, and had got up—I am sure I had my purse then—I was not sober enough that night to remember what I was doing—I remember having it at that time, but I do not remember how long I had it after—I was taken to the station—the prisoner was there.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How much of your money did you spend that evening? A. 5s., and I paid away 10s. besides the 5s.—I went to bed about half-past twelve o'clock—I was sober then—I got up about half-past four on Saturday morning, with another person who lives in the house, to go and buy some flowers—I only drank at one place that I remember—I drank with several persons, from five till half-past six.





MARGARET WHITE
. I am fourteen years old, and live with my brother, in Bennett's-buildings, Kennington-lane. On Saturday morning, the 30th of March, I saw the prosecutrix in the London-road—she was tipsy—she fell down—she got up, and crossed the road—there was a mob of persons—the prisoner and another young man were there—the prosecutrix went down a court, and the prisoner and the other followed behind her—I followed and looked on—when they got down, the prisoner asked her if she had any money—she said she had—he said, "Let me look at it"—she put her hand down her bosom, and took out her purse—she emptied the money from her purse into her hand, and the prisoner tried to snatch it from her—she held her hand tight—the other man then asked her to come in doors—she said, "No"—the

prisoner took hold of her, threw her down, and tried to take the purse from her hand—she held her hand fast, and then he hit her in the face with his fist—she was lying on the floor in the court at the time, he then dragged her by the hand along the ground, he then took the purse from her hand and ran away.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. A shoe-binder—I went down this court, to take some work into my brother's shop—I saw the prosecutrix going down the court, and I went to see what was the matter—there was a man and woman down the court besides me—I screamed, and took the prosecutrix's hand, to help her up—the other young man ran away—after the pri­soner tried to take the money away from the prosecutrix, she put the money back into her purse—it was not a dark passage—it is a little archway down the street.





GEORGE RAYMANT
. upholsterer, Bond-street, Vauxhall. At nine o'clock, on the 30th of March, I was working at Nelson-place—I saw the prosecutrix, White, and the prisoner there, and another man and woman—the prosecutrix was very drunk—I heard the prisoner say, would she go home with him—she said, "No "—he asked if she had any money—she took her purse out of her bosom, and emptied the contents into her hand, and then he told her to put it into her purse—he then seized her purse with his left hand, and her throat with his right, and then he let go his right hand, and struck her in the face, and knocked her down, he dragged her and kicked her—she screamed "Murder," and he ran off with the purse in his hand—I ran, and hallooed, "Stop thief"—the prisoner said to me, "What the h—II are you making that row for?"—I said, "For knocking down this young woman"—he said, "It is ray sister"—two policemen came up and took him.

Cross-examined. Q. You did not interfere? A. I did not know what set lived down that court—that was the first morning I had been to work at that place—I had the prisoner in my charge, and collared him—I should think this lasted altogether four or five minutes—there were houses up the court, but they are of a bad sort—there were not a great many persons going by the court that morning—this happened in the centre of the court.





RICHARD JARVIS
. cabinet-maker, Elizabeth-place, Between eight and nine that morning I was going to the Borough—I passed the Alfred's Head public-house—I saw the prosecutrix, and the prisoner, and two other men together, about nine o'clock—I saw the prisoner run out of Nelson-court, Raymant ran after him, and cried "Stop him"—the prisoner turned back and said it was only his sister—the policeman came up and took him into custody—as they were going to the station I saw the purse drop from the prisoner's trowsers—I said, "There is the purse," and the constable took it up—when we go to the station I saw there were three half-crowns and 1s. in it.

Cross-examined. Q. How near were you to the prisoner when you saw the purse drop? A. About two yards.





JOHN EDGAR
 (police-constable L 78.) I took the prisoner—he said the prosecutrix was his sister—as we were going to the station I saw the purse in Wakefield's hand—the prisoner was sober.





ALFRED WAKEFIELD
 (police-constable L 171.) I saw the prisoner taken. I was following him going to the station, and saw this purse drop from him—there were three half-crowns and 1s. in it.





MARY ANN HEALEY

re-examined. This is my purse—it had three half-crowns in it, and more than that.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you swear to it? A. Yes—I have had it four

Years—the tassels and rings were lost as he pulled it out of my hand—I know it by the make of it.





JAMES BROOK
 (police-constable L 118.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the Clerk of the Peace of Surrey—(read)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


ADJOURNED TO MONDAY, THE 6TH OF MAY.
