



1315. 




SARAH PROSSER



, stealing 1 watch, value 6l.; the goods of 



Elizabeth Stevens; and 1 watch, 2 rings, and other articles, value 37l. 13s.; the goods of 



John Theodore, her master; un his dwelling-house,


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH THEODORE.
 I am wife of John Theodore, of the Stag, Fulham-road in the parish of St. Luke, Chelsea—the prisoner lived with me a month—on 25th April I received information from Stevens, my bar-maid, and went into my bed-room, on the second floor, about twenty-five minutes to three o'clock, and, from a box on the table, I missed a gold watch and chain, seal and keys, two diamond rings, a brooch, two gold hair pins, a mourning ring, and a gold keeper, and from the barmaid's room adjoining, a gold watch, and from the room below a gold pin and silver pencil-case—my box was unlicked—I had seen the things safe about five minutes to two o'clock—the value of them is about 50l.—I sent for a policeman and searched the house, but found nothing—the kitchen window looks into a yard which

leads into a skittle-ground adjoining the tap-room—about half-past one that day I was in the back kitchen, and saw the prisoner getting in through the window—she must have come from the yard—that gave her an opportunity of speaking to any one in the skittle-ground—I asked what she had been doing out there—she made no reply—she was servant of all work, and had no right in the yard or skittle-ground—it was after that I saw my property safe—the prisoner had no right in the bed-rooms in the middle of the day, as her work was done—I kept a purse in the drawer—persons who usually came into the bed-room would know that.





WILLIAM CUMMING
 (police inspector.) I was sent for to Mr. Theodore's about four o'clock, on 25th April—I satisfied myself that the robbery must have been done by some one well acquainted with the house, and in the house at the time—the place where the money was taken from was where a purse of money had been kept for a considerable time—the person must have known that, as the articles were taken from the corner in which the purse was usually kept—the corner was rummaged about—the prisoner was then brought to me from the kitchen—I said, "I must examine you: a serious robbery has been committed in this house"—she said, "Well; you may"—I put several questions to her—she said, "But why am I questioned more than any one else; I have not been up stairs since the morning"—I said, "It is necessary that all parties should be examined"—she was very reluctant to be examined—the barman was then examined—a few days afterwards, in consequence of what I heard from him, I gave instructions for the prisoner to be taken—she was searched, and nothing found on her—a person must pass the tap-room door to get to the skittle-ground, which is a very confined one, to pass through the window into the kitchen.





WILLIAM BEAL.
 I am barman to Mr. Theodore. On the Thursday afternoon about five minutes to two o'clock, I went into the bar and remained there till twenty-five minutes past two—the family were at dinner; they dined at two—there is a clock there—I could see the staircase that leads to my mistress's bed-room—the prisoner went up at five minutes past two—no one else went up in that time—I did not see the prisoner again till about twenty-five minutes to there, after the robbery—if any men had come in for refreshment I should have served them—I served no one in that interval—if any one came in they must have had some other object.





ROBERT M'KENZIE
 (policeman, B 5.) In consequence of information, I went to the Stag with the inspector and examined the house—two strangers could not have hit upon the money in the drawers—a corner of the drawer, where the money was kept was turned out; the other part was not disturbed.





ELIZABETH STEVENS.
 I was in Mr. Theodore's service. About twenty minutes past two, on this day, I saw two men walk very quickly out of the tap-room—that is a different room to the bar—the second one had one hand in his trowsers-pocket—he opened the door with the other—I turned round immediately, and saw the the prisoner come from the tap-room and go down to the kitchen—she had no business in the tap-room that I am aware of.





MARY MAXWELL.
 When the prisoner was remanded I was locked up in the same cell for being tipsy—she asked the gaoler to write her a letter—he said he could not, and told her to ask her fellow prisoner—he brought me pen, ink, and paper—she told me to write to her mother for a solicitor, and to tell her brother she was in trouble, and to bring her child to see her—I told her to tell her brother to do all he could to get a counsellor, and she said none of the property was found, and never would be—I said she would be transported if the property was found.


Prisoner's Defence. I was not in the bed-room that morning; the barmaid made the beds; the bed-rooms were all left open; the barman has said how easily any one might walk up into that room, and we should be none the wiser, and he was sure something would happen soon; and the barmaid said she thought so too, as she had bad dreams; Maxwell said she lived with a man who turned out to be a thief, and had got six months, and she wished she knew where she could commit a robbery, as she should value transportation; I went into the tap-room because the barmaid left a shovel there.





MARY MAXWELL

re-examined. I never lived with a man, and never said I did, or that I wished to be transported—I was sober at the time—I was in the cell from three o'clock in the afternoon till eleven next day.

Prisoner. Q. You told me you robbed a gentleman of his watch? A. I did not.





WILLIAM BEAL

re-examined. I never said I thought a robbery would be committed some day; the prisoner said it herself.





ELIZABETH STEVENS

re-examined. I never said anything about the house being robbed, or that I had had bad dreams.




GUILTY.* Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years.

