




2362. 




THOMAS RAYMENT
 and 




ROBERT PHILLIPS
 were indicted for

 breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



George Garner, on the 
13th of September, at 
St. Leonard, Shoreditch, and stealing therein, 2 coats, value 17s.; 1 scarf, value 2s.; 12 watch-keys, value 1s.; 2 seals, value 12s.; 2 shirts, value 4s.; 2 pillow-cases, value 1s.; 1 petticoat, value 1s.; 1 parasol, value 6s.; 1 umbrella, value 1s.; 8 cruets, value 4s.; 1 pair of spectacles, value 1l.; 2 images, value 1s.; 18 necklaces, value 6s.; 15 rings, value 12s.; 3 breast-pins, value 5s.; 7 pairs of ear-drops, value 14s.; 8 brooches, value 11s.; 3 split-rings, value 3s.; 6 studs, value 1s.; 1 veil, value 2s.; 1 snuff-box, value 5s.; and 1 pair of salt-holders, value 4s.; his property.






WILLIAM CLAY
. I am a policeman. On the 14th of September, I met the prisoners in Whitechapel-road, about eight o'clock in the evening—I was in pursuit of them for another robbery—I stopped Phillips and commenced searching him—there was another man with them, who ran away—I found a waistcoat in Phillips's coat-pocket, and a gold ring in his trowsers pocket, and at the station-house I found four other rings and a pair of ear-rings in his trowsers' pocket—he said he had bought them, that they were no good, he could not tell the move.






JOHN GOZEE
. I am a policeman. I was in company with Clay—I searched Rayment in the station-house, and found on him three finger-rings, two pairs of ear-rings, a knife, a blue necklace, three tops of ear-rings

and a duplicate—I asked him where he got the jewellery from—he told me he bad been down the lane, and had given 15d. for it—I suppose he meant Petticoat-lane—after I had searched him, I saw a ring on his finger—I discovered this robbery the next day, and showed the prosecutor the articles.





GEORGE GARNER
. I live in Goldsmith Terrace, Hackney-road, in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch. I went out at seven o'clock on Sunday evening, the 13th of September—I left the house all fastened up, and shut the door after me—I left no one there—I returned at a quarter-past ten o'clock—I found the front-door as I had left it—the back-door was unbolted and open—I had left it bolted—it must have been unbolted from the inside—I suppose they got in at the front-door by a false key, as the house was not damaged—I had my key in my pocket—these articles are my property, and are worth 6l. altogether—as I went out that evening, I observed two persons loitering about the door—I believe them to be the prisoners by their dresses and appearance—they were just coming up to my door as though they were about knocking—I am in the habit of going out on Sunday evenings about that time.

Rayment's Defence. I was going down Petticoat-lane between twelve and one o'clock last Monday, and met a man with a parcel—he said he had several articles to sell—I picked these things out and gave him 2s. for the lot—this young man was with me at the time, and he picked some out of what I had bought, and gave me 9d. for them.

Phillips's Defence. I met Rayment; he went up to the man who said he had some things to sell cheap, and bought some of him, I bought the rings and things of him for 9d.

RAYMENT*—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

PHILLIPS*—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.




Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Recorder.

