



759. 




HENRY WESTON
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Kain, on the 
25th of Feb., at 
St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, and stealing 9 metal taps, value 5s., his property.






JOHN KAIN
. I am a plumber—I live in Patriot-row, in the parish of Bethnal-green—on the 25th of Feb. my attention was called to my shop-window, by my daughter, about five minutes after six o'clock in the evening—I found the window was broken—I had some brass metal taps in the window inside the shop—the window being broken would enable a person to get his hand in and take the taps, if he had put his arm in the whole length—I missed them—I had seen them safe about half-past four o'clock—I ran out, and went round the corner—I there saw the prisoner, with a blue bag on his back—I am sure he is the man—I put my hand on the bag, and felt one end of the taps—I laid hold of him, and said, "I want you"—he said, "You b----r, I want you," and hit me three or four times under the ear—I have not been well since—I said, "I will never leave you," and he struck me in the stomach, which took away my breath—I kept the bag, but he got away—a young man pursued him with me when I got my breath, and we took him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where was the prisoner stopped? A. In Paradise-row, on the north side of Bethnal-green—there are two turnings between where I found him with the bag, and where he was stopped—it took me about three minutes to recover my breath—I never lost sight of him—it is a long, open place—I can stand 400 or 500 yards off and see my own shop—my daughter is seven years and a half old—she is not here—it is not much more than 300 yards from where I took the bag from the prisoner and where he was stopped—I found the taps in the bag, and they were mine.





GEORGE DANIELS
. I am a weaver, and live in Cambridge-road—on the evening of the 25th of Feb. I was talking to a friend—I heard a cry—I turned and saw Mr. Kain running, with a blue bag, and the prisoner running before him—I crossed the road and stopped the prisoner—there was no one else running.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.

