



610. 



JAMES JACKSON



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Coiley, at 
St. Botolph-without, Aldgate, and stealing therein 1 watch, value 10l.; 1 brequct-chair, 5s.; and 1 guard-chain, 15s.; his goods; having been before convicted.






ELIZABETH LESTER
. I am the wife of David Lester, of Somerset-street, Aldgate. I was standing at my door on 28th Oct., between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, and saw the prisoner and another larking up and down Mr. Coiley's shop, in the lower part of our house.





JAMES COILEY
. I keep a shop at 21, Somerset-street. I was shutting it up at half-past four o'clock, on 28th Oct.—I had put one shutter up, and returned to get some more, when I heard the window broken—I returned, and saw a young man running across the street—I dared not leave the window to follow him—I missed from the window this silver hunting-watch—I went the shop, and sleep there.






CHARLES WILMOTT
. I keep an eating-house, in New-atreet, St. George's. The prisoner came there some time in Oct.—he had a watch on the table—he owed me 19s., and I said to him, "Jackson, it is almost time for you to pay me"—he said, "Tick the watch"—I took the watch, and hung it up—this is it—he came some time afterwards, and asked for it—I said, "who sent you?"—he said, "My father"—I said, "Let your father come"—the officer came afterwards, and I gave it to him.

Prisoner. Another boy gave it him, whose name is Thomas Coile; he is in prison now. Witness. I will swear the prisoner gave it me.





THOMAS WEAKFORD
 (policeman, H 38.) I received information, and took the prisoner—I said I apprehended him on suspicion of stealing a watch, and breaking Mr. Coiley's window—he said, "I know nothing of it"—in going to the office he said Coile gave him the watch, and he took it to Wilmott's.

Prisoner. Mr. Wilmott never gave me any money; he gave it into the other boy's hand.





JOHN PECK
 (policeman, H 87.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read--Convicted June, 1846, and confined one month)—he is the person—he has been several times in custody since—he had twenty one days, and has also had six weeks.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

