



525. 




HANNAH COVINGTON,
alias
 Sparks

, was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th of Dec., 2 sixpences, the monies of 




Bassils Middleton, from his person.






BASSILS MIDDLETON
. I am a tobacconist, and live in Princes-street, Ratcliffe-highway. On the 30th of Dec., about two o'clock in the morning, I was going home—the prisoner passed me, and I felt my coat pocket touched—I accused her of taking my handkerchief—she showed me where it was on the ground—I stooped to take it up, and while I did so the prisoner put her hand into my pocket, and took out two sixpences—I spoke to her—she took me by the arm, and said, "You are going home with me, my dear"—I walked with her till we came to the first officer, and gave her in charge—I am sure she took the sixpences.





HENRY BIGSWORTH
 (police-constable H 107.) I took the prisoner into custody—I found these two sixpences on her—the prosecutor had before stated that he had lost two—the prisoner said that he had given them to her for a certain purpose—he said she deliberately took them out of his pocket.

Prisoner. He gave me two sixpences—it was not in the Highway at all, it was in Princes-square.

B. MIDDLETON
re-examined. It was in Ship-alley—I did not give them to her at all—she showed me where my handkerchief was lying, and then she put her hand into my pocket, and took out the two sixpences and some halfpence.

JURY. Q. Where had you been? A. Out with some friends—there was no mark on the sixpences—I took hold of her hand with the two sixpences in

it—I had only left a house three doors off—the sixpences were in her hand when the officer took her.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not offer me the two sixpences, and say you did not like to go to a house, as you were a married man, and were afraid your wife should know it? A. No—you did not offer me the two sixpences back—you walked up towards the square, and I had hold of you—you put your hand into both my waistcoat pockets as I was rising from the ground—I did not say that I took the halfpence out and put them into my trowsers-pocket—my coat was not buttoned—I told the officer the marks that one of the sixpences had on it.





HENRY BIGSWORTH

re-examined. Yes, he did—this is the sixpence, and the marks correspond with the description he gave—he was perfectly sober.

Prisoner's Defence. That sixpence is not his at all; it was my own; I said to the policeman, "Here is the shilling."




GUILTY
. ** Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years.

