




47. 




CAROLINE BAY
 and 



JANE SCOTT
 were indicted for

 stealing 7 handkerchiefs, value 1l. 7s., the goods of 



Susannah Eliza Crisp,—2nd COUNT.—calling it 6 yards of silk; and that Bay had been before convicted of felony.






SUSSANAH ELIZA CRISP
. I am single—I live at Hounilow, and am a linen draper—I did not miss from my stock the identical handkerchiefs in question till the policeman brought them—he brought these black silk handkerchiefs—six of them are plain, and one is figured—those plain ones have no private mark on them—I do not swear to them, but I missed them from my stock at that time—this figured one having been dyed we all knew as being taken from my stock—know it—the others are like what I lost, but this one there can be no doubt about—it had been in the shop, in the box the handkerchiefs are kept in.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When did the policeman bring the things to you? A. It was a fortnight last Thursday or Friday—it must have been about the 10th of Nov.—this one, about which there can be no doubt, is a silk handkerchief—swear to this; first, from its pattern; and next from its having been dyed since it was in my shop—it is not worth above half-a-crown—there is no one connected with me in business.





GEORGE CORNISH
. I assist Miss Crisp in her shop—recollect, on the 31st of Oct., the prisoners coming to the shop together—I am sure they are the persons—they asked for blue checked silk handkerchiefs—I showed them what we had—they bought none—this handkerchief that has been dyed was amongst them—these others have no marks on them, and there is nothing that can speak to them by—the prisoners left the shop without buying anything—I did not miss anything till the policeman came, which was about a

fortnight ago last Friday, about a week after the prisoners had been at the shop—this handkerchief that I know is figured.

Cross-examined. Q. How long were they in your shop? A. A short time—I had not seen them before—we have a good many people in the shop sometimes—this handkerchief has been green and dyed black—I showed the prisoners the same kind of one as this—I could not swear that there are not hundreds like this.

COURT. Q. Can you swear to the prisoners? A. Yes.





JOHN BAGG
 (police-constable F 141.) I took the prisoners on the evening of Friday, the 31st of Oct., at the West Drayton Railway Station—I felt down Bay's sides, and perceived some silk under her clothes—I took the prisoners to the station—Bay said she would not be searched by a man but by a female—I afterwards felt down Bay again, and the bulk seemed to be gone—Look at, another officer, gave me these handkerchiefs—I went to Miss Crisp's shop and produced them—I took the prisoners to prison, and in going there Scott said, "If any of the handkerchiefs are owned, what shall us get done to?"—Look at showed me the place where he found the handkerchiefs—it was the place where the prisoners were allowed to stand for a few minutes

Cross-examined. Q. How could you tell silk by feeling outside? A. I could feel it slip—I felt outside her gown, and there was a bulk inside—I saw no silk, but I fancied it was silk.





WILLIAM LUCKETT
 (police-constable T 155.) On that Friday evening I was in a garden-ground near the police-station—I found these handkerchiefs there—I gave them to Bagg, and told him where I found them.

Cross-examined. Q. In what place was this? A. In an enclosed garden belonging to the police-station—there is a brick wall round it—I cannot say exactly how high the wall is—the prisoners were taken about nine o'clock that evening, and about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour afterwards I found these handkerchiefs.

COURT. to
JOHN BAGG. Q. Do you know of the prisoners being in that garden? A. Yes, I was with them—I took them there to be searched, but there was no female—I took the prisoners about nine o'clock—they were waiting for the train to come to Paddington.





STEPHEN GREEN
 (police-constable G 49.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Bay's former conviction, by the name of Emma Jackson—(read—Convicted 8th April 1844, having been before convicted, and confined one year)—the prisoner is the person.

BAY—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.


SCOTT—


NOT GUILTY
.
