



1447. 




JOHN COLLINS
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Richard Goodfellow, about two in the night of the 
11th of May, at 
St. Paul, Shadwell, and stealing therein 3 coats, value 5l.; 1 cloak, 1l.; 6 spoons, 2s.; 1 waistcoat, 5s.; 1 hat, 3s.; and 3/4 yard of ribbon, 3d.; his goods.






WILLIAM RICHARD GOODFELLOW
. I keep the Waterman's Arms, in Shadwell. It is in the parish of St. Paul, Shadwell—on the 11th of May, I fastened the house up safe about one o'clock in the morning—I was called up again at five o'clock in the morning—I found the tiles had been taken off the roof of the back ground, and a hole had been made sufficient for a man to drop down—I then found the panels had been broken out of the yard door—the door was open, and the bar was entirely stripped—some silver spoons were gone, and coats and cloaks, and the other things named—they were all safe the night before—here is a hat-band that was on a hat that was there—here is a peculiarity in the pattern of this band differing from all others, and it was covered with flour—this was on the hat the over-night—to the best of my belief, this is my hat-band.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not say you could not swear it was yours? A. No; I never said anything of the kind.





HENRY DOVE
. I live at No. 4, New-street, Shadwell—on the night of 11th May I came on shore about half-past twelve o'clock, and saw the prisoner standing at the corner of a court that leads close to the prosecutor's back door.





GEORGE ORMSBY
. I went down the court, by the prosecutor's, about a quarter before one o'clock that night—I saw the prisoner and two other young men standing at the prosecutor's back premises, they then disappeared, and I spoke to Dove about them—I saw the prisoner again—he passed me a second time as I was going in my own door.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not say you thought it was me, only I had another jacket on? A. No—I told the same story I have here—I knew your face—you went close to me—I am sure you are the one that passed me.





MARTIN NOLAN
. I was going into the prosecutor's passage about a quarter before nine o'clock on the night of the robbery—I saw three young men there—the prisoner was one.





WILLIAM CHARLES POTTER
 (police-constable K 212.) I took the prisoner on the morning of the 13th of May—I said I wanted him on suspicion of a robbery at the Watermans' Arms—he said he knew nothing about it, he hardly knew where it was—I took him to the station, and found this bit of hatband on him—he said he had found it on the night previous, near shadwell

Church—on the night of 11th May I had met the prisoner coming towards the prosecutor's premises with two other persons—one of them has absconded.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me? A. Yes; in High-street, Shadwell—as soon as they saw me you left them—the other two came towards me, you went in a different direction, towards Spring-street, Shadwell—that would lead to the prosecutor's.





CHARLOTTE GOODFELLOW
. I am the prosecutor's daughter—I know this ribbon to have been the band of my father's hat—I am quite satisfied about it—it was loose at one time, and I fastened it tighter—here is the mark where I fastened it.

Prisoner. There was a bit of chalk taken out of my pocket, and a penny, and a broken pipe.





WILLAIM CHARLES POTTER

re-examined. Not that I know of—I took from him a penny and this bit of ribbon, but no chalk.

Prisoner's Defence. The policeman came to me at night and asked me if I knew where Brown lived; I said I did not, and he came the next morning and told me he wanted me; he took me to the station, and brought Dove up, who stated that he saw me about a quarter to one o'clock.




GUILTY
. ** Aged 22—


Transported for Ten Years.

