



295. 




GEORGE MORLEY
 was again indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



Edward Ball, being armed with a stick; putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 cap, value 9d., his goods; and beating, striking, and using other personal violence to him.






EDWARD BALL
. I live at Harmondsworth. On the 5th of Dec., about twenty minutes after eleven o'clock, I was at work on the turnpike road—my jacket hung on the hedge—I complained of the loss of a tobacco-box from my pocket, and told the prisoner he had taken it—he threw it at me—it hit me a hard blow on the head—I went after him, and asked him to come back to the policeman—he said he would not—I said he should, and went to collar him—he threw me down—he struck me on the head with a large hazel stick, took the cap from my head, went away with it, and left me hurt and insensible on the ground—if I had not tried to secure him, he was going away, and not going to take my cap—it was worth 4d.—he struck me before he took it—I do not recollect his striking me after—he hit me on the head, but I felt myself stiff and sore where he struck me—this is the cap and tobacco-box—(produced.)





WALTER ROBERT LEIGH
 (police-constable T 166.) I apprehended the prisoner at Colnbrook, in Buckinghamshire, about three miles from where this occurred—when I was within half a dozen yards of him, he turned round, saw me coming, and put this cap away somewhere in the front part of his person—after I took him, he said it was a good job for somebody that it had happened, for he intended to rob somebody that night, when it was dark; he would have knocked somebody down that night if he had not been taken—that he was very poor, and was driven to it; he would not be poor after that night—he said he had been a soldier, and was discharged three months ago, that he had been out of employ since, and that previously he was clerk to a barrister at Winchester.





WILLIAM WEST
. I live at Langley-broom, Buckinghamshire. On the forenoon of the 5th of Dec., I was driving along the high road, and saw the prisoner and six others, and two, the prisoner and a boy, behind—the prisoner crossed over the way, took Ball's jacket off the hedge, did something with it, and put it down again, walked across the road, and went gently on as if nothing had occurred—I went along the road close to the jacket—I saw Ball

coming, pulled up my horse, and told him something—he ran after the prisoner, and stopped him—he was out of my hearing—a struggle ensued, and he knocked Hall down—he attempted to get up again—he hit him on the head and he went down partly again—a regular tustle ensued after that—he struck Ball several times on the head, then on the left side—Ball put his hand up, and broke the stick—the prisoner then took the cap off his head, and ran away—Ball stood there, and looked as if he was unable to resist—I was about forty yards off.

Prisoner's Defence. I was driven by poverty to commit the crime I did; I did not beat the man; he acknowledged that he took the stick away from me, so he could not be deprived of his senses through the blow I gave him.




GUILTY
of an Assault.
 Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.

