




177. 




CHARLES NICHOLSON



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Cruttenden, about two in the night of the 
21st Aug., with the intent to steal, at 

St. Dunstan's, Stepney, and stealing therein 1 order for the payment of 7l. 5s., his property.






JOHN CRUTTENDEN.
 I live at Hawkhurst, Kent.—in Aug. last I was keeping the Ship public-house, in the parish of Stepney; I lived there. On Sunday morning, 22nd Aug., about eight o'clock, I was called by my wife—I looked out of the first-floor window, and found fourteen or sixteen tiles had been moved from the scullery, which adjoins the bar—there is a communication without going into the air—I went into the scullery, and found some one had cut the laths, and got through the roof—a knife was left there—a person could get from there to the lower part of the house—I found the bar all in confusion, missed 8l. or 10l. in gold and silver, and a check for 7l. 5s., which had been on the mantel-shelf, in a mug—the money had been there too—this is the check (produced)—I have seen the prisoner before, but not to be well acquainted with him—I went to bed the night before about half-past twelve, everything was quite safe then—I had cashed the check the same evening.

Prisoner. You say when the scullery is got into there is no further obstruction; there are two doors to get through. Witness. There had been doors previously, but there was not then—the moment you got in you would have free access to the bar parlour and tap-room.





WILLIAM COLE.
 I am cashier to Martin and Co.'s, bankers. On 5th Nov, about three o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner presented this check—I am sure it was him—payment had been stopped—I asked how he came by it—he said he found it—I asked if he did not know he was committing a fraud—he did not answer—he was detained, and given in charge.





JOHN SMITH
 (policeman, K 228.) On the evening of the 5th Nov. the prisoner and the check were given into my charge—going to the station, he asked me what I thought they would do with him—I said he must produce the gentleman he took the check of—he said he had not taken it of any one, but found it in Lombard-street, on the Tuesday before.

Prisoner's Defence. I found the check in Lombard-street, on the Tuesday previous to taking it to the bankers'.




GUILTY. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

