



2454. 




JOHN WINNINGTON
 was indicted

 for feloniously receiving, on the 
1st of June, 1500 ermine skins, value 65l., the goods of 



George Henry Schacht.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN CHARLES
. I am clerk to George Henry Schacht, a skin merchant in George-street, Mansion-house. Between Saturday 27th, and Monday 29th of November last, his warehouse was broken open, and a large quantity of skins stolen—there were 155 bundles of ermine skins lost—they were tied in bundles—there were 25 bunt as of dressed, worth from 37s. to 50s. per timber of 40 skins, and the rest were raw, worth from 35s. to 40s. per timber—there are only three other houses in London which import skins of that sort, I have been fifteen years with Mr. Schacht, and eight years with another merchant—in June last I had information from Ellis and Everington—I went to their shop in St. Paul's Church-yard—I was there shown six and a half timbers of ermine skins—I have no hesitation in laying they were part of those stolen from Mr. Schacht, from their quality—part of them had been in the warehouse nearly three years.





EVAN MEREDITH
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Ellis and Everington, of St. Paul's Church-yard. On Saturday, the 18th of June, a person named Bull came to our house (he had been in our employ from eight to ten years before), he produced 4 dressed and 4 undressed skins as a sample, and asked if we bought such things—he said he had about 10d. timber of them—he wanted 27s. for the dressed and 25s. for the undressed—I said I must see the bulk—he said he would show me timber dressed, and asked if I would purchase them first, he would show me the others afterwards—having heard of Mr. Scratch's robbery, I made a communication to them, and an appointment was made for Bull to come again, which he did in half an hour, accompanied by the prisoner—they brought these 6) timber of ermine skins—Bull introduced the prisoner to me as the owner of the skins—he told me he was a Sir John Winning ton, who bad made a purchase of them—in consequence of something which had passed between me and Mr. Charles, I went on to buy these timbers for 25s.—this invoice was made out—the prisoner wrote it—I asked for some reference to be given, and a Mr. Bartholomew, of New Inn, was given—the prisoner

and Bull then went away. On Monday the 20th, the prisoner brought a timber of undressed skins—he said that was a sample of 31 timbers, and 25s. was mentioned as the price—I told him I could not buy them unless I saw the whole of them—he went to fetch them immediately—he returned without them, and said he was too late, he could not see the party and be could not bring them that day—an appointment was made that he was to bring them on the 24th of June—in the mean time I received a letter from Bull—after the receipt of it I went to a public-house—I found no one there.—On the 24th of June the prisoner brought 30 timbers of undressed—22s. was bargained for as the price of the whole of them—I made him that offer and he accepted it—I proceeded to count the skim, and while they were being counted I sent to Mr. Schacht's place, and Mr. Charles came to the place—he stated in the prisoner's hearing that he believed they were his property and that they were stolen from their premises—the prisoner said they were his property and he would not give account of them—he was then taken into custody—Messrs. Ellis and Everington use these skins in their business—about three persons in London import these skins.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did the prisoner give you his address? A. Yes, No. 34, Elliott-row, Lambeth—I sent to Mr. Bartholemew's, and found it was perfectly right—his address was correct—Mr. Oppenheim, Mr. Magnum, and Mr. Schacht, are the only persons that sell ermine skins, that I know of—I have been in the fur trade about fifteen years—Ellis and Everington do not confine themselves to the fur trade—they sell linens and woollens, and other things—we deal very largely in furs—we deal with the three merchants I have mentioned—Sir Wiliam Poland is an importer of skins—I should think last year not above 500 timbers of ermine skins were imported, and about 800 the year before—I can always tell by the imports of the Custom-house.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Have Ellis and Everington a department for skins? A. Yes, and I manage it.





VITRUVIUS WITCOMB
. I am warehouseman to the prosecutor. I have examined these thirty-one bundles of skins, and I find some of them to be cut by myself—I have examined them attentively—I am able to swear they are part of my master's stock—I missed them on the Monday after the robbery—I had seen them about a week before—I had had them in my hand about four times.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Will you give us one of these skins that has your own cut on it? A. This is one, they are cut up the belly to see if there are any moth eggs in it—the skins are not cut when they come over here—it is very likely that other persons cut them as well as I when they suspect there are eggs in them—we cut straight down—no two cuts are alike—I know I cut the skins—we have no occasion to cut them, but these being old skins I cut some to see—I do not swear to this one in particular—I cannot say How many cut skins there are in the bundle—I do not cut all—this is a remarkable skin—there is not another like this in the world—it is torn—this skin is damaged—damaged skins are very common—I will swear to this one out of the whole.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Had you noticed this before? A. Yes.





PETER THIRION
. I am a fur-skin dresser. I dress for the prosecutor—these skins have been through my hands as a dresser—I sent home five timbers on the Friday previous to the robbery.


Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you dress a great many in the course of a year? A. Yes, but last year there was very little done—I did but dress these twenty timbers for Mr. Schacht—I dress for five or six persons—there are about four importing houses in the trade—I know these because some of them went in two or three pieces in dressing, being old skins, and I was obliged to put these pieces together again—they passed through my hands three or four times, and went to pieces several times—I do not suppose there ever was such a lot of skins in the trade for these six years.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Is it general in the importing houses to dress them, A. There are two or three retailers who buy and dress them.

MR. BODKIN. or do retailers? them.





FREDERICK' AUGUSTUS SCHROETBB
. I am in the employment of Oppenheim and Co., who are importers of these skins—there are only two or three more importers—I have compared some of these skins with skins remaining at Mr. Schachts, and to the best of my belief they are of the same bulk.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. That is a mere speculation? A. This is a very remarkable lot of skins—they are so damaged and stained that I should think that any man who had to do with them might know them.





HENRY SCHACHT
. I am an importer of skins of this kind—I have examined these skins, and I have no doubt in my mind that they are my property—these skins are generally bought from the importers by for manufacturers—the value of these undressed skins is from 30s. to 40s. a timber, and the dressed ones about 10s. a timber more.





WILFRED CALLENDER
. I am porter to Ellis and Everington. On the 18th of June I was sent to Mr. Schacht with a message—after I had returned home the prisoner and Bull came there—when they went out I was desired to follow them, which I did—they went a little way down Ludgate-street, and then turned back, and went a little way along St. Paul's Church-yard, then went back, and went down Dean's-court, across Carter-lane, and down Addle-hill, and into the Bell, where they waited about half-an-hour—they came out, went up Addle-hill, along Shoemaker-row, to the Broadway, Blackfriars, through a court on to Ludgate-hill—they then went about 100 yards, turned back, and came up to Stationers'-hall-court, up Warwick-lane, on to Newgate-market, across the market, through a passage between two public-houses—they went into one public-house, and through into Newgate-street, and there I lost them—when they came out of Ellis and Everington's door there was another person waiting for them, and he went with them to the public-house where they waited half-an-hour, but he did not come out with them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you go into the house where they waited half-an-hour? A. No, because they had seen me in the warehouse, and they might have known me if I had followed them.





FRANCIS M'CLEAN
. I am a police-officer. I took the prisoner into custody at Elliott's-row, Lambeth, in the front attic, which is a small room—there was no warehouse or appearance of business.




GUILTY
. Aged 45.—


Transported for Seven Years.
