



475. 




GEORGE ROGERS
was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Bean, on the 
1st of January, at 
Enfield, and stealing therein, 6 spoons, value 10s.; 1 tooth-pick, value 1s.; 1 seal, value 1l.; 1 watch-key, value 8s.; 1 handkerchief; value 5s.; 1 tobacco-box, value 1s. 64s.; and 1/2 lb. weight of sugar, value 4d.; his goods.






LEAH PETER.
I live next door to Mr. Bean, at Ponder's-end, in the parish of Enfield. On the morning of the 1st of January I observed somebody in Mr. Bean's house, soon after ten o'clock—I saw the backdoor open, and knowing they were both gone to their work, I called four or five times, "Mrs. Bean's—I received no answer, but the door was then quite closed by somebody inside—I continued to watch, and got up on a fence, looked through the kitchen window, and saw a boy inside the house—I sent my little boy to fetch a neighbour—I saw the prisoner come out of the back-door and climb over the fence—I am sure he is the boy—when I first saw him through the window I was about a yard from the window, close by him.


Prisoner. Q. Why did you not catch me when you saw me? A. I directly sent my little boy down to tell Mr. Bean.





THOMAS BEAN.
I left my house about five minutes before eight o'clock—I was the last person in the house—I locked it up—in consequence of information, I went after the prisoner, before I got to my house, and found him under some straw in a barn—I secured him, and led him into the road—he said if I would take him into the barn again he would go and show me where my things were—I took him back, and he pulled the property out from under the straw, and in his jacket pocket there were six tea-spoons, a tooth-pick, a watch-seal, and a key, all of which were mine, and a silk handkerchief they were wrapped up in—I then went to my house, and found he had got in at the window, which had not been fastened down—I left it shut down—he had then opened all the drawers, and taken the things.





JOHN GUIVER.
I am a constable. I received the prisoner in charge, and have the property.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I found them tied up in the handkerchief going along—I took them up and hid them, and when I heard they were stolen property, I was going to give them up, but they came and ill used me.




GUILTY.*Aged 15.—


Transported for Fifteen Years


Before Mr. Justice Erskine.
