




808. 




JOHN GLYNN
 and 




WILLIAM THOMPSON
 were indicted for

stealing 1 half-crown, 2 shillings, and 3 sixpences, the monies of 



Robert Attrill; and that Thompson had been twice before convicted of felony; to which


THOMPSON pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.






ROBERT ATTRILL
. I am a chemist and druggist, and live in Chapel-street, Westminster. On the night of the 28th Feb. I was in my parlour adjoining my shop—a person who wa with me got up and looked through a window into the shop—he told me something, and we both went into the shop—I saw a boy go out of the shop without a cap—my friend ran after him—I saw Glynn immediately afterwards and proceeded after him—I ran up a court and saw the two prisoners together—I saw Glynn giving Thompson a cap from under his cap, the policeman came up at the same time—I asked Thompson what business he had in my shop—(I did not know that he was the person who was in the shop, but the boy in the shop had no cap on, and I saw Glynn give Thompson a cap)—directly I said that, the policeman took

Thompson into custody, and he asked if Glynn was with him—I said yes—Glynn then ran off—the policeman took him, and brought them both back to my shop—I examined my till, and could swear there was 5s. gone—I knew there was a half-crown, which was missing when I returned—I could not swear to any other money, only a sixpence—I could not miss any copper—I had seen the till safe not five minutes before I went into the back room—the policeman has a sixpence which I know from its being very thin and bent, and it has a mark on it—I noticed it when the person offered it to me—that had been in the till—I can swear to Thompson, he had been in my shop that morning, and I caught him with his hand in the desk at the end of the counter.

Glynn. Q. Did you see me give this boy a cap? I never saw him before in my life. A. Yes, I saw you give him the cap.





WILLIAM BUTLER
 (police-sergeant B 3.) About eleven o'clock on the night of 28th Feb. I saw the two prisoners—Mr. Attrill said one of them had been in his shop—I took them both to Mr. Attrill's—I searched Thompson—I saw another officer search Glynn, a three-penny piece, and 3d. in halfpence, were found on him.

Glynn's Defense. I was running home; the gentleman shoved me down, and gave me in charge of the policeman; he said I had been with Thompson, and I never saw him in my life.

GLYNN—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined Six Months.

