



3. 




WILLIAM BATTY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
23rd of September, 1 coat, value 1l. 10s., the goods of 



Thomas Stirling; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






THOMAS STIRLING
. I am a slater, and live in Commercial-road, Lambeth. On the 22nd of Sept. I left my son in Fleet-street, in charge of a gig, at

the end of St. Dunstan's-lane, with my son's great coat in it—on returning to the gig I found a crowd about it, and my son said a man bad taken his greftl coat—two boys came up and said they knew the man—they gave a description to the policeman, and the prisoner was taken about six. weeks afterwards—the coat has not been found.





THOMAS STIRLING
, Jun. I, am thirteen years old—I was at the horse a head—I saw a man go away with my coat—I did not see him take it, and did not see his face.





JAMES ALGET
. I am sixteen yean old, and live in Tash-street, Gray's Inn-lane; I know the prisoner; I have seen him about Temple-bar. On the 22nd of Sept I saw him go to a gig which was standing at the corner of Fetter-lane, take a coat off and go up Fetter-laoe with it—I gave information at the time that I knew the man.

Prisoner. Q. Where were you standing when you saw me take the coat out of the gig? A. Just by the chaise—I followed you up Fetter-lane.





WILLIAM WIGLEY
. I live in Lombard-street, Fleet-street. I have seen the prisoner standing about Temple-bar, attending on the cataien—on the 22ad of Sept. I was coming down Fetter-lane with a child in my arms, and saw the prisoner Rusuung up Fcttet-lane—Algat came up to me and said "Can you see that man?"—I said, "yes," but I could not run after him. because I had the child in my arms—he had a coat on his arm, something like the gentleman has on now.

MR. STIRLING
re-examined. My son's coat was off the same piece this—they were both made at the same time by the same man.





GEO. HARRISON
. (police-constable F 120.) I apprehended the prisoner on Saturday night, the 5th of November, in the Strand—he was drunk—I knew him well.





CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the office of the Clerk of the Peace for Surrey—I took him into custody, and was present at his trial—I know him to be the same man—(read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Years.

