



1991. 




FREDERICK AUGUSTINE MOORE



, feloniously threatening to accuse 



Thomas Phillips of making a solicitation to one 



John Moore, &c, and thereby extorting from him 5 sovereigns, his moneys.—Other Counts, for a robbery, and for demanding money with menaces.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS PHILLIPS
. I am out of business—I am married, and am sixtyfive years old—I saw the prisoner about two years ago, and from time to time till 5th July, 1848—on that day I was returning to my house, on the east side of Bethnal-green, about three o'clock in the afternoon—I got out of an omnibus—the prisoner followed me, tapped me on the shoulder, and wished to speak to me—I told him I would have nothing to do with him—I immediately went home—in an hour or two afterwards a note was brought to me in pencil—it stated that he wished to see me about three o'clock, before the church on the Green; and then I received a second note, wishing to know whether I would come out, or he would call next day with a friend—the next day I saw him in the road, on returning home—he was alone—I asked what he was waiting for—he said he would tell me what he was waiting for, when his brother came—his brother had frequently made an accusation against me, and the prisoner has threatened me that he had it id his power to accuse me of improper conduct towards his brother—he said it was exposing myself to his brother John—I saw the prisoner again about three or four o'clock in the afternoon, with his brother John, on the north side of Bethnal-green—he then said he would have 10l. and nothing less, as he was going to Australia, and if he had not that money, he had stones in his pocket, and he would break my windows—that he was so determined to go to Australia, that if I would give him 10l. he would never annoy me again, and his brother would sign any document that I chose to draw up—we then agreed that I should go home and draw up this document, and meet them at the Greyhound with this document—I went home and wrote the document—this is it (produced)—Rickman and Frederick signed it—I gave them 10l.—I offered 5l. at first, and Rickman said he would have the other five, and I crave 10l., which Rickman

took—it was five sovereigns and a 5l. note—on former occasions the prisoner had threatened me that if I did not give money they would charge me with exposing my person, and it was under that threat that I gave the money—there is not any truth in my having exposed my person to either—this indorsement was written by Rickman, for protection for himself he required me to sign it in the presence of the prisoner, and I did sign it—(read) "10l. I hereby acknowledge that I have received, this 6th day of July 1848, 10l.; and have also heretofore received various sums of Mr. Thomas Phillips, of Bethnal-green, and declare and solemnly avow, that I will never again call upon, annoy, or extort from the said Mr. Thomas Phillips, any money again, upon any pretence whatever, and disavow altogether all accusations that I have made injurious to his character, and in presence of my brother Rickman, M. Moore, and Mr. Thomas Phillips, declare this my true and solemn engagement. Witness my hand, this 6th day of July, 1848, also my brother, F. A. Moore, R. M. Moore." The indorsement on the back was—"6th July, 1848. I, Mr. Thomas Phillips, of Bethnal-green, do hereby declare that the former part is not in any way to produce information against F. or R. M. Moore. Thomas Phillips. Witness, R. M. Moore, F. Moore."

Prisoner. Q. Had you received any letter from my brother previous to seeing him? A. Yes, stating that he would call on me on the following morning; I received it in the forenoon; I went to his house in Goswell-street; I saw his wife; I do not know what I told her, I asked if I could see him; I was told he was not at home; I saw his wife in the street; I went to inquire after her; I did not tell her I had received some letters from her husband; I said about some papers, which I gave up to your brother, respecting the money that you and he had received, and he took the copy of them, and those he kept, and you said you would give them up; I gave him those papers, to show that you had received money; I did not own my guilt to him; I saw no more of you till the 5th of July; I do not know where you lived at the time these papers were given up.

Q. Do not you know I lived half a dozen doors off you, and did you ever pass there at ten o'clock at night, and stop till my brother John came out to you, and give him a shilling? A. I did once give him a shilling, when he said he was out of place; I did not go anywhere with him that evening; I did not go with him up Sugar-loaf-walk; I was in the habit of taking warm baths at the time your father was proprietor of the warm baths; your brother John attended me; I never acted in an indecent way towards him; I do not recollect that there was a hole bored in the wainscot, and that I asked what it was for; I do not recollect that I hung my watch before that hole; I do not recollect that I ever came in the back-way; I did not tell him the day that I should come there; I have been in the Angel and Crown public-house, which is next door to the baths, and he has come there to me; I did not tell him to come there to me; I have been in the public water-closet belonging to the Wesleyan Chapel, but not with him; one day he watched me, and followed me in and asked me for money; you threatened you would charge me with improper conduct unless I gave you 2l.; we called on your brother John, you asked him if he had seen me; you signed this paper now produced, to assure me that you were going to Australia, and your brother should join in the signature that I should never be annoyed again; promising never again to come near me; it was on the 6th of July you received the money, and it was on the 14th of July you were given in charge.

COURT. Q. Did anything occur after this had been signed that induced you to give him in charge? A. Yes; on the 14th he called again, and Mrs.

Phillips saw him, and said we should have nothing to say to him, and he went away; she refused to have any communication with him; he came again with his brother Rickman; my wife went to the gate to him; he went away, and came again in an hour afterwards.

Prisoner. Q. Before I signed this paper you did not say that one reason you wished me to sign it was, to make sure that I would not mention the circumstance? A. No; you did not tell your brother to give me the money back; you snatched the paper out of your brother's hand, and returned again with it; after your brother had got the money he took away the paper; your brother offered to give me the money back; you did not offer to give me the paper back; not a word of it.





ALEXANDER STEWART
 (policeman, 338 K.) In consequence of information from the prosecutor I took the prisoner into custody on this charge on the 15th July—he was then at Worship-street—he had been brought there on a previous charge—he said he should like to be taken into custody, Mr. Phillips knew all about it—I was present at his examination—I heard the Magistrate ask him if he wished to say anything—the clerk took down what he said—he signed his name to it—it was read over to him—this is his signature to it—(read—"The prisoner says, 'I have nothing more to say to convict me more than what has been said to convict me; I never extorted any money from him, nor did I ever threaten him; my first place of meeting Mr. Phillips was in the Hackney-road; I then mentioned to him the circumstance of my younger brother being in a situation in the Hackney-road; I told him that my brother had given me to understand that he, Mr. Phillips, had acted in a very indecent Way towards my brother;' Mr. Phillips said, 'I have known you for some years, for God's sake don't say anything about it;' I said, 'Well, Mr. Phillips, I have no wish to injure you in any way, no more than if you will not interfere with my younger brother any more, as you must be well aware the manner in which you have acted towards him is of a most filthy description;' he then asked me if I was doing anything; I said, 'No, I was out of a situation;' he said 'Meet me to-morrow at the Queen's Head, and I will talk to you upon the subject;' I met him there, and he asked me what I would have to drink; I told him, whatever he was going to drink I would drink with him; he then said, 'Mr. Moore, as you are out of a situation, these two pounds I give to you may be of service to you;' he gave me 2l., but I in no way extorted them from him. Before I left him he said that at any time I met him and wanted money, and it was in his power, I should have it; I then told him, provided he did not annoy my brother any more. I never sent the two letters in pencil to him; I never asked him for the 10l.; I was at the Salmon and Ball public-house at the time he got out of the omnibus; I came out and walked behind him, intending to go across the Park; as I was passing his house he stood at the parlour-window, he beckoned to me—he came out at his gate, went up the Green, then turned round and beckoned me again; he then said, 'If I let you have 10l., will you sign a paper?' I said, 'Yes, I would.' I have nothing more to say at present."




GUILTY
. Aged 21. 


Transported for Fifteen Years
.
