





852. 




THOMAS CARTER
 and 




JAMES GRANT
 were indicted for

 breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



George Curtis, on the 
25th of Jan., at 
St. Leonard, Shoreditch, and stealing therein 2 drawers, value 2s.; 1 opera-glass, 10s.; 1 razor, 2s.; 1 tobacco-box, 6d.; and 1 pack of playing cards, 6d.; his property.






MARTHA CURTIS
. I am the wife of George Curtis, of Queen's-place, Hoxton, in the parish of Shoreditch—it is our dwelling-house. On Wednesday, the 25th of Jan., I left home, at one o'clock in the day—I locked the door—the windows were down, and the shutter shut—I left nobody in the house—I was fetched home at eight o'clock in the evening, found the house had been ransacked, but no property gone—the articles stated were moved from their places, and placed on a chest of drawers—the policeman had got into the house.





ANN BRIEN
. I am the wife of William Brien, and live in Queen's-place, two doors from the prosecutor's. On the 25th, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I was passing the door, and saw a light between the shutters—I stopped a moment, and listened, knowing Mrs. Curtis was out—I saw the prisoner Carter come out at the door—he said, "Good night," turning round to the door, as if bidding somebody inside good night—I ran and alarmed my husband, and then Grant came out—I am sure they are the men—I had seen them before.

Grant. Q. Then you saw me come out after the door was shut? A. No, I did not say Carter shut it—you walked till you came to the court, then turned, and my husband followed you—I saw you come out as I was going for my husband—he followed you till he secured you.

Carter. Q. Did you see my face? A. Yes, I can swear to both of you.





WILLIAM BRIEN
. I am the husband of the witness—she called me—I ran out, and looking round saw Grant in the act of closing the door of Curtis's house after him—I followed him to the corner, four or five yards—he joined Carter, and they walked to the corner, then began to run—I followed them, calling "Stop thief"—I did not lose sight of them till they were stopped—Carter was stopped by a postman—I did not lose sight of him till he was stopped—I was within four or five yards of him.

Grant. Q. You must have lost sight of me? A. Yes, but not of Carter; you went round the corner, and was brought back by a policeman—I am sure you are the man who came out of the house.





JOHN SAYER
. I heard the cry of "Stop thief," and saw Grant running—I stopped in the shade till he ran into my arms—he said, "Why stop me, it is only a lark?"—I kept him, and saw Carter in the hands of the postman—I took him back to the house, and at the station I found several matches in Carter's pocket, and more matches in Grant's pocket—I immediately returned to where Carter was taken, and there picked up two picklock keys, one of which opens the prosecutor's door—I found a candle laying on the floor—the drawers up stairs were broken open—in the morning I found one skeleton key at the spot.

Grant. Q. Where did you find matches upon me? A. In your pocket, I hardly know which pocket.

Grant's Defence. I was coming towards home and heard a cry of "Stop thief;" I went to the top of the street, and seeing a crowd I ran to the spot; the policeman stopped me; I said, "Why stop me, I have done nothing?" I was never in the street, and do not know where it is.

CARTER—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

GRANT—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.





Transported Ten Years.

