



2094. 




THOMAS PRIEST
alias
 William Smith,

 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Johnson, about three in the night of the 
2nd of August, at 

St. Benet, Grace-church-street, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 106 watches, value 143l.; 198 spoons, value 36l.; 18 forks, value 5l.; 4 pairs of Lugartongs, value 1l. 5s.; 1 sugar-sifter, value 5s.; 15 ladles, value 3l.; 8 chains, value 22l.; 11 watch-guards, value 4l.; 14 seals, value 6l.; 26 rings, value 12l.; 21 brooches, value 15l.; 13 breast-pins, value 5l.; 2 lockets, value 15s.; 5 watch-keys, value 12s.; 3 snuff-boxes, value 1l.; 1 pencil-case, value 1l.; 1 toothpick, value 12s.; 4 pairs of ear-rings, value 2l.; 1 pair of bracelets, value 3l.; 1 armlet, value 2l.; 1 watch-case, value 15s.; 1 coral, value 10s.; 1 cross, value 5s.; 1 pair of spectacles, value 5s.; 1 coat, value 10s.; and 1 half-guinea and 8s.; his property.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






BENJAMIN DURRELL
 (City-police-conslalle, No. 531.) On Tuesday night, the 3rd of August, I was on duty in Gracechurch-street, in company with another officer named Hart, at a quarter-past three o'clock in the morning—in consequence of observing a man lurking about, I and Hart went up a court at the back of the prosecutor's premises—we there found these two bags, which I now produce—I opened both of them—one contained spoons and forks and other things, and the other, watches—we then looked about, and perceived the prisoner concealed in a truck, about a yard and a half from the bags, or not quite so much—Hart took hold of him—I asked him how long he had been there—he said about an hour and a half, or two hours—he said he had been asleep—I asked if he knew any thing of the bags—he asked "What bags?" and then said he knew nothing about them—I asked if he had got any thing in his pockets—he said, "No, "I was welcome to feel—I put my hand into the pocket of a great-coat which he had on, and found a great many spoons, knives, and forks—we took him to the station—as we were taking him to the Compter he said, if I had stopped five minutes longer, he should have been a man in the world—on our way to the station we met Perrin, but I heard nothing pass between them.





ROBERT HART
. I am a City policeman. I was with Durrell when he found the bags and the prisoner—I examined the great-coat pocket, and found in it a quantity of spoons and forks, which I now produce—I searched him again at the station, and in the great-coat, and another coat which he wore underneath it, found a quantity more of these spoons—I asked where he got the property from—he said, "The City auction-rooms"—in consequence of that I was directed to go to Mr. Johnson's auction-rooms—I rang up the porter, went up stairs, and observed a window open in the lower sale-room,

which looks out on the leads, in which is a sky-light—a person could get from the leads into the window, which was open—I found this dark lantern standing open on the board where the property was taken from—the leads look out into a court called Barnes-court.

Prisoner. I never said I got the things out of the auction-rooms; he never asked me.





THOMAS COPE
. I am in the service of Mr. Thomas Johnson, whose house is in the parish of St. Benet, Gracechurch-street—he sells unredeemed pledges—I sleep on the premises. On Monday evening, the 2nd of August, I lotted out this property for sale next day—I went to bed about a quarter to ten o'clock—this property was safe then—I was the last person up—my wife and family also sleep in the house—the doors and windows, and every thing, was secure, both up stairs and down—the window Hart speaks of was shut down and fast when I went to bed—there is an upper and a lower sale-room, and there is a communication between them by means of a circular office—this window being opened would give access to the second-floor sale-room, and any one could easily descend through that hole from the upper sale-room to the lower by means of a rope—I was roused up by the officers about twenty minutes before four o'clock—I went into the lower sale-room, and found all the property stated gone from it— every thing was gone except three or four articles—I had seen it all safe the night before when I went to bed—among other things was a great-coat, which I had ticketed for sale next day—next morning I went to Giltspur-street Compter, and there saw the prisoner, in the presence of Gooch, the turnkey—I put my hand into his pocket, and pulled out some watches, a gold brooch, a diamond ring, and other things—Gooch afterwards put his hand into his other pocket, and then he said, "You have not got them all," and he gave us three or four watches and chains out of his waistcoat pocket—I gave Gooch what I found—(Gooch here produced the articles)—these are all my master's property—here is my own hand-writing on the tickets—this gold watch I took from the prisoner's person—I know it by the make and the chain, and it has my own numbering on it on a piece of paper, "Lot 305"—I placed that ticket on the watch on the Saturday or the Monday before the robbery, and it was safe with the other property in the lower sale-room when I went to bed that night—the whole of the property was in the lower sale-room—here are a great many other things which I took from the prisoner, with tickets on them made by me—I have looked at all the other property, and have no doubt it is all my master's—some of the watches I know by the maker's name and number, as well as by my tickets—the value of all the property is between 300l. and 400l.—I found no doors open in the morning, nor any windows, except the one I have mentioned.





THOMAS GOOOE
. I am one of the turnkeys of Giltspur-street prison. I was in bed when the prisoner was brought there—I did not see him till Cope came there next morning, between eight and nine o'clock—we then searched the prisoner, and I saw the property found on him by Cope—it was all put on our desk, and 1 had the care of it—I have kept it ever since, and have produced it to-day—I took a great many things from the prisoner myself, among others, two silver guard-chains, and a mustard-spoon, from his jacket pocket—when I began to search him again, he took out three watches from his fob pocket, and several other things, which are among those I have produced.






ABRAHAM PERRIN
 (City police-constable, No. 567.) I saw the prisoner in custody of Durrell and Hart, in Gracechurch-street, and accompanied them to the station—I said to them in the prisoner's hearing, that I thought he must have secreted himself on the premises over night—the prisoner replied, no, he did not—I said I would go and ascertain in what way he had got access to the premises—he said I could soon find that out, or words to that effect—I went to the court adjoining Mr. Johnson's premises—I do not know the name of it, but it leads to the back of his premises, and there is only one house between it and Mr. Johnson's, in front—I saw a truck up the court, and three or four doors from it in a corner, I found this rope, with an iron crook attached to it—it is commonly called a creeper—the rope has knots tied in it at two or three feet apart—it would be easy to attach the crook to the top of the wall in the court—in the corner where this was lying, there is a water-spout, and with this and the assistance of the water-spout, it would be easy for a person to ascend on to the leads, where they could have access to Mr. Johnson's window.





MARY ANN COPE
. I am the daughter of the witness Thomas Cope, and live with him at Mr. Johnson's—on the 3rd of August, when the police came, I went up to the upper sale-room, and about five yards from the window, inside the room, I found this other rope and iron bar, which I gave to inspector Brake.





WILLIAM LENTHALL BRAKE
. I am a City police-inspector. I produce the rope and iron bar which I received from Mary Ann Cope—it has been in my custody ever since.

Prisoner's Defence. I had been out of work for a long time, and had no where to go—I had been out all Monday, walking about in the rain—I went up this court for shelter, to see if there was any place where I could lie down—I saw the truck, and got into it—I felt two bags—I pulled them out, opened them, and saw watches and things in them—I went to the truck again and lifted up the coat, and a lot of things fell out—I put them into my own pocket, and got into the truck again—I bad not been there long before the policemen came up and pulled me out of the truck—they asked how I came there—I said I came there to sleep—he asked if I knew any thing of the bags—I said no—he asked if I knew where they came from—I said no, and one of them said, then I had better go about my business—one of them said, "Before you go, let us see whether you have got any thing"—he put his hand into my pocket, and found the spoons—he then said, "Oh, you must not go," and they took me to the station—while I was in the truck I heard them talking—one of them kicked the bags, and said, "What have we here?"—he said he thought they were muscles—the other said, no, they were watches, and he said, "Ah! we shall not have to wear the coat any longer"—he said he knew an old woman where he could take them to till they went off duty—when they found me, they asked me where I had got them from—I said I had not got them at all, I wished they would keep them and let me go—he said to the other policeman, "Go down and see if there is any one at the bottom of the court"—he went down, returned, and said, "No"—one wanted to keep them—the other would not, and would not Jet me go; and as they could not agree to it, they took me to the station—as they went along, they kept singing out to every policeman they met, "Do you want a watch?"—at the station the policemen got pulling and hauling me

about, so that I would not give up the things I had in my pockets; if they had not done so, I should have given them up—I was taken to the Compter—they did not offer to search me there that night—when I came down in the morning they found the things in my pocket.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Coleridge.

