



2517. 




ROWLAND OWEN
 was indicted

 for embezzlement.


MR. CRESON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN GREGORY
. I live in Old-street, St. Lukes, and am an appraiser. On the 31st of January I paid the prisoner 3l. 7s.—I saw him write the receipt to the bill—on the 30th of April I paid him 2l.—here is the invoice which I saw him write the receipt to—(read.)





JOHN DENNIS SEN
. I am in partnership with my son, we are horse-hair manufacturers and wool-factors, and live in Russell-street, Dock-head, and we have a shop in Tooley-street. The prisoner, in January and in April last, was in our employ as a traveller—he was to receive monies from our customers, and to account to me when he brought them home—I am the only person who receives money—I ordered him since Christmas to pay nobody but me—he never accounted to me for this 3l. 7s., or 2l. received from Mr. Gregory.

Prisoner. Q. Have I not paid monies since Christmas to other persons? A. No, or if you did you had no authority to do so—I know nothing of your having done so.





JOHN HUNTER
. I keep a general furniture-warehouse in Blackfriars-road. On the 21st of May I paid the prisoner 2l. 10s. on account of his master—I have the invoice which he receipted in my presence—(read.)





JOHN DENNIS, JUN
. I am the son of John Dennis, and in partnership with him—I never received either of these sums from the prisoner—I received an account from him in November, which I entered in the book—after that, my father gave him particular orders to. pay no one but himself.





CHARLES SIMPERINGHAM
. I am in the prosecutor's employ at Tooley-street. In consequence of suspicion I examined the books—I did not find this 3l. 7s., or the 2l., or the 2l. 10s., entered in any of the books—the prisoner was called up into the room—I went up behind him—I pulled out the list which I had made, and it was read over to him—after he heard it, he put his hand into his breast-pocket, and pulled out a letter, or was going to do it—he said, "You may read this, and you will see that I have sufficient coming to me in a short time that will pay it all"—these sums were mentioned in a paper I read to him, and a great many more.

Prisoners Defence. I duly accounted to my master for the sums I received; but unless the cash-book was there on the desk, he scarcely ever would get it to enter it.




GUILTY
.* Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Years. (There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
