










1167. 



THOMAS HOWLETT
,




GEORGE PAYNE
,




JAMES TAYLOR
, and 



RICHARD WEBSTER
, were again indicted, with 




HENRY BATES
,




WILLIAM BARRETT
,



JOHN DENMORE
, and 




SAMUEL MORGAN



, for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




David Jameson, at 
Camberwell, and stealing therein 100 pairs of shoes, 80 pairs of boots, 20 necklaces, 20 towels, and other articles, value 25l. 18s.; his goods.


MESSRS. BODKIN and CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY JAMESON.
 I am the wife of David Jameson, a tailor, of 14, Southampton-street, Camberwell—It is his dwelling-house, and is in Camberwell parish. On 13th March, between twelve and one o'clock, we had a good many goods outside our shop, and hearing the mob was coming, we removed the whole of them, except one jacket—we got out shutters all up but the last one—we could not get that up—I could not get the bar up—my husband was still in the act of putting up the shutters, when the mob rushed up, and took two pairs of trowsers that were inside the shop—I called my husband—he came in, and double-locked the door—the mob then took down the shutters, and commenced breaking the windows—one of them had a stave of a barrel, one had a piece of a window frame, and one a kind of broom handle—they broke all the glass, and six pieces of the frame—they instantly burst the door open with a very hard instrument—my husband was endeavouring

to resist them, and they hurt his hand very much—they used very violent expressions—they said, "Mark him! smash the b—b—! mark the b—b—"—they took a hundred pairs of shoes, eighty-five pairs of boots, ten pairs of clogs, capes, stocks, wearing-apparel, and a great variety of things—the value of the whole was 25l. 3s. 8d.—I endeavoured to protect my boots—I was struck while warding off the blows from my head—my hand was pouring with blood—that was inside the shop—several of our goods have been shown to me since—I cannot speak to the prisoners as taking a part in it, I was so much alarmed.





DAVID JAMESON.
 The mob came up to my shop and broke in the front, and the glass door—I had all my shutters up but one—I could not get the bar up—some one snatched the shutter away; I thought it was Webster, but could not swear to him—while they were smashing in the door, I and my wife were trying to keep it shut—I got my hand and arm hurt; I have not got it well yet—Bates, Barrett, Howlett, and Morgan, were there—I cannot tell what parts they took, but they were all assisting in taking away the things from my window—I saw Bates taking boots out of my window—I said I would mark him, and they said, "D—and b—him, mark him!"—I do not say that Bates used that language.

Bates. Q. Where did you see me? A. Taking the boots out—I swear you were there—I was bleeding, and lost the use of my arm.

Barrett. Q. Why did not you swear to me before? A. There were so many in the Court I could not look at the whole of them, but I now positively identify you as one.

Morgan. Q. How is it you did not swear to me on the Thursday, I stood right in front of you? A. I could not swear to half of you, but I can now.





JOHN PARSONS.
 I am a plumber, at Camberwell. At half-past twelve o'clock, on 13th March, I was in Abbot-street—I saw the mob going towards South-street, away from Southampton-street, four or five hundred yards from Mr. Jameson's—Bates was one of them—I put my hand on his shoulder, and asked what he was doing—he was throwing stones at a private house—I knew him before—I was in the act of taking him from the mob, but I was surrounded by eight or ten persons, with sticks and bludgeons, who took hold of his collar, released him, and insisted on his going with the mob—he worked for me two years, and had a good character—he left the mob, and went towards Bruns wick-square—he did not go into South-street—whether he went into Southampton-street I do not know.





THOMAS ALLISON.
 I live in Southampton-street. I was a special con-stable—I passed by Mr. Jameson's shop in pursuit of the mob, who were going from Mr. Jameson's—I saw Payne with something stuffed in his jacket—I stopped him, and asked what he had got—he said he had not got anything—I made him pull his jacket open, and these articles came out—I gave him in charge.





SAMUEL ALDRICH.
 I am a parish constable. I received Payne, and these articles.





CHARLES JECKS
 (police-sergeant, T 20.) Barrett was taken by Marno—I saw him throw down this shoe.





JAMES SAVAGE.
 I am a cheesemonger. I took Morgan near my window—he had a rolling-pin in his hand—I intended to remonstrate with him for having such a thing, and on going up to him I thought he had a pair of shoes—he begged of me not to take him—I took him, and found on him this pair of clogs.






WILLIAM PIKE.
 I acted as constable to the Junction Canal Company. I saw Denmore by the canal bridge, with a cushion of bacon in his hand.





CHARLES AUGUSTUS CATHIE.
 I live in Albion-terrace, Lambeth. I was at Southampton-street, Camberwell, on 13th March, and saw Taylor at Mr. Grey's—I did not see him at Mr. Jameson's—I chased him about a mile—he threw something over a wall in Bruncswick-terrace—I caught him in an area—I helped a man over tha wall; and saw some shoes found there.

Taylor. I was not near the wall; he wa sworn falsely, like all the rest.





WILLIAM GOLDSMITH.
 I picked up some shoes over the wall—this is one pair of them.





RICHARD HAMBROOK
 (policeman, P 109.) I took Denmore on Wednesday, 15th March, at Foster's-buildings, Camberwell—I told him I wanted him for a waistcoat which he had bought—he said he had not bought it; he had been to Mr. Hughes, and found it—he took me to a rope-walk, and found this waistcoat.





JOHN HUGHES.
 I live in Evelyn-terrace. Denmore did not call on me on the Monday—I know him as a rope-maker—I have dealt with him for cord, and always thought him honest.





MARY JAMESON.
 These articles produced are mine, and were taken from my shop that day.

Bates' Defence. I was not there; I was in Abbot-street; I ran as hard as I could; they caught me, and said, "Come, and join the mob;" I said, "No;" they said they would make me; they struck me with a club, and I took up a stone.

Denmore's Defence. I was not there.

Howlett's Defence. I ran a-head of the mob, to tell the people to shut their shops.

Morgan's Defence. The things I had I picked up.

Taylor's Defence. I was not near the place.

BATES—


GUILTY. Aged 19.—



Confined One Year.


MORGAN—


GUILTY. Aged 16; TAYLOR—


GUILTY. Aged 25; 



Transported for Seven Years



BARRETT—


GUILTY. Aged 16; PAYNE—


GUILTY. Aged 17; 



Transpoted for Seven Years more.



DENMORE, HOWLETT, and WEBSTER—


NOT GUILTY.

