



2641. 




MARY BAILEY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
17th of October, 1 purse, value 1s.; 3 half-crown, 3 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the property of 



Robert Parminsttr Knill, from the person of 



Harriet Knill; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






HARRIET KNILL
. I am the wife of Robert Parminster Knill; he is a printer. On the 17th of October, about ten o'clock at night, I went to Mr. Taylor's, a pork-butcher, to market—the shop was pretty full—the prisoner stood on my right-hand, close to me—there was no one on my left, but another person was behind me—I took a half-crown piece from my purse, which was in my right-hand pocket, and contained three half-crowns, three shillings, and a sixpence—I did not take the purse out of my pocket—I know this money was in my purse secure, and am quite confident I snapped the purse in my pocket—I was leaning over the counter to speak to the person who was serving, and felt a hand at my pocket on my right-side—I felt a hand pressing against my pocket, and one on my shoulder—the prisoner was at this time at my right-side—I felt immediately in my pocket and missed my purse—my pocket-hole is rather behind me—the person who was behind me was shorter than me, and appeared to be stretching up to look over my shoulder, and she was pressing against me—I immediately declared that I had lost my purse, and some one had taken it—the prisoner then said to her companion, "You had better go outside and point out to the lady which rabbit we will have," and the woman who had been leaning over my shoulder left the shop immediately—she had been near enough to the prisoner to have carried away the purse—they had both been as near to me as they could possibly stand—Mrs. Taylor detained the prisoner in the shop—I have lost my purse and money altogether.





MARGARET TAYLOR
. I keep the shop where the prosecutrix was purchasing

some articles. The prisoner came in with another person—they asked the price of a rabbit which was in the window—the prosecutrix stood near the door—the prisoner and her companion stood next her—I had suspicion and watched her—I saw the prisoner whisper to the other, who immediately went behind the prosecutrix and took something out of the prisoner's hand, and then she popped away in a moment—I am quite sure the prisoner and her were companions and came in together—they bought nothing.





GEORGE BALL
. I am a policeman. I was sent for, and went to the shop—the prisoner was accused of robbing the prosecutrix—she said she knew nothing of it—MRS. Taylor accused her of haying another person with her, who had run out of the shop.

Prisoner's Defence. I went and asked the price of a rabbit in the window—MRS. Taylor asked me which it was—I said, "The small one"—I waited about five minutes—another young woman came in and a lady—the young woman said, "What is the price of the rabbit in the window?" and I said as she was going out, perhaps she would show her the one I wanted—the prosecutrix then missed her purse—she had a bunch of greens in her hand—I persuaded her to shake them, which she did, but did not find it—MRS. Taylor then said, a young woman had left the shop, and she thought I was with her—she took my arm—I said she need not hold me, I would wait, and I went up the shop—I know nothing of it—I hope you will have mercy on me for the sake of my poor child, only eight weeks old.





CHARLES BEAUMONT
 (police-sergeant G 11.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY.* Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.
