



1319. 




JOHN DORSETT
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Ann Hazlewood, on the 
11th of November, at 
St. Pancras, and stealing 2 paintings and frames, value 10s.; 11 shirts, value 3l.; 4 petticoats, value 12s.; 3 shifts, value 9s.; 4 collars, value 4s.; 2 table-cloths, value 6s.; 1 toilet cover, value 1s.; 1 basket, value 9d.; and 1 habit-shirt, value 3s.; her goods.






ANN HAZLEWOOD
. I am a widow, and live in Milton-place, Eustonsquare. The house is let in lodgings—I rent the two parlours—the landlord does pot live on the premises—between seven and nine o'clock in the evening of the 11th of November I was down in the wash-house, and a lodger informed me that the street-door was open—I went up into my apartment—I had left my room-door shut at seven o'clock—I had fastened it myself, and the street-door was shut, and the property all safe in the parlour—my door would not open of itself—when I opened the door, and looked about my room, I missed all the articles charged in the indictment—the officers discovered them the same evening—I do not know the prisoner.





ROBERT MOORE
 I lodged in this house at that time—I left the house at a quarter before eight o'clock, and returned in three quarters of an hour, and found the door open—when I went out I shut the street-door, and tried that it was fast—I informed the prosecutrix.






GEORGE COLLIER
 (police-constable E 38.) On Monday, the 11th of November, I and Sergeant Pocock had been watching the prisoner's house in Cromer-street, from eight o'clock—(he had been a policeman)—his wife came and looked continually at the street-door, and a little after nine o'clock I saw a man, who I believe to be the prisoner, go into the house with a basket—his wife was at the door, and they went in together—in a minute or two he came out, and crossed over from his lodging to the place where I and my brother officer were—seeing him coming, we ran away, and got down into a court to conceal ourselves—while I was going my brother officer said, "George, come back, there is no thoroughfare"—we then watched the prisoner—he went to his own door, and was talking to another man—he said, "Pocock and Collier are watching me, for I heard Pocock say, 'George, come back, there is no thoroughfare'"—the prisoner said, "They think I have got a swag to-night, but they shan't have it"—(a swag means a quantity of stolen property)—he turned round, and went up Cromer-street, away from his lodgings—I and my brother officer consulted together, and went from there to Maiden-lane, Battle-bridge, we concealed ourselves behind a gate, and in ten minutes the prisoner's wife, Jemima Dorsett, passed us with a large bundle, nearly as much as she could carry, under her cloak—we watched her go into No. 22, Ashby-street, Somers-town—after washing about ten minutes, she came out without the bundle—I then stopped her—I went and searched the room, and found the bundle, containing all the articles stated—after coming from No. 22 to the corner of the street, I saw the prisoner and another man, named Lewis, (who has been tried and convicted,) in a court that leads to No. 22—I took Lewis, and the prisoner turned and ran away—I have been looking after him ever since—I took him on the 24th of April at Speenham Land, about half a mile from Newbary, in Berkshire—I found on Lewis eleven skeleton keys, and one of them undoes the prosecutrix's door, and at the prisoner's lodging I found some more droplatch keys and other keys.





THOMAS POCOCK
 (police-sergeant F 13.) I was watching with Collier near the prisoner's lodging—I can swear he is the man that went into his house, No. 32, Cromer-street, in company with another man—he had a basket on his shoulder—he came out in four or five minutes, and came towards Collier and me—we ran down a court—Collier was before me—I called, "George, George, there is no thoroughfare"—I returned, and heard the prisoner say to another man, "That is Pocock, I can swear to his voice; they think I have a swag to-night, but they shan't have it"—soon after I saw his wife come out, with something bulky, we went across a near way, and saw her go into a house in Ashby-street, after she came out she was stopped, and Lewis and the prisoner came up—Lewis was taken, and the prisoner escaped—in searching the room in Ashby-street, in a cup-board on the ground-floor I found all the linen, quite wet—I was not present when Collier took the prisoner, but I have been looking after him ever since.





WILLIAM WINSBURY
 (police-constable N 315) On Tuesday, the 12th of November, about nine o'clock, I was informed a basket of linen was in the dust-hole of the prisoner's house, in Cromer-street—I went there, and found two shirts, a table-cloth, a toilet-cover, two shifts, and other articles.





JOHN RANDOLL
. I am a carpenter, and live at No. 22, Ashby-street—Lewis and his wife came to lodge with me on Saturday, the 9th of November, and occupied the second pair front-room—he was there till the Monday

Following, when the officer came and took Mrs. Lewis and Mrs. Dorsett—MRS. Lewis took the apartment, and Mrs. Dorsett was there on Monday evening about nine o'clock.

Prisoner's Defend. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court; I have a wife and children, and have been working hard at 12s. a week in the country.
(See first Session, page 136.)




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
