




1164. 




EDWARD KEATCH



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Elizabeth Ludlow, at 
St Pancras, and stealing 12 spoons, 1 milk-jug, 1 pair of sugar-tongs, and other articles, value 10l.; and 1l. in money; her property: and 




JANE KEATCH



, for receiving part of the same.






ELIZABETH LUDLOW.
 I live at 44, Liverpool-street, King's-cross, in St. Pancras' parish—I am single. On 23rd March I was alarmed, about seven o'clock in the morning, by my servant—she is not here—I went down, and found several pieces of plate had been taken from the cupboard, and a sovereign from the desk, an umbrella, table and tea-spoons, and other things—my dressing-case was broken open, and the tops of two scent-bottles taken away—those articles were all safe when I went to bed the night before—I found a back-parlour window open, which had been shut when I wen to bed—that window looks into a garden—I noticed some footsteps there, and on the window, and on some rails near it—I do know the prisoners—I have since seen my umbrella, some tea-spoons, and a seal—I lost nine postage stamps out of twelve—I have since found seven of them—there are still two gone—they are lettered from "C C" to "C F"—the articles produced are mine—they are worth more than 5l.





WILLIAM EDWARD ARCHBUTT.
 I am a pawnbroker. Jane Keatch offered these four tea-spoons to me in pawn—she said they were her father's, and she gave the name of "Jane Lewis, 26, Francis-street, Waterloo-road"—I gave her into custody.





MAURICE HAYES
 (policeman, L 96.) On Saturday, 24th March, I was called by Mr. Archbutt, and took Jane Keatch—she said the spoons belonged to her father, of 26, Francis-street, Waterloo-road—I took her to the station, and this umbrella and seal were found on her—she said she had told the pawnbroker a falsehood, and that a man on one of the bridges had met her, and gave her the spoons to pawn, for 10s.—then she gave her address, 26, William-street—I went and found the place locked up—I went again next morning—I found Edward Keatch there, and I found seven stamps—Edward Keatch said he had left home the morning before, and was coming along the Albert-road, at the foot of Primrose-hill; that he saw two lads secreting something, he was curious to go and see what it was, and he found the spoons produced, and under another heap he found the umbrella, that he gave them to his daughter, and authorized her to pawn them—he lives about a mile and a half from Liverpool-street.

Edward Keatch's Defence. I know nothing of the robbery; I was going to my own house, and saw two young men secreting something; I went, and found the spoons and the seal rolled up in a piece of rag, and the umbrella under another heap; I took them home, and asked my daughter to pawn them.

EDWARD KEATCH—



GUILTY
of Larceny in the dwelling-house.
 Aged 45, 


Transported for Seven Years.


JANE KEATCH—


NOT GUILTY.

