



2501. 




ELIAS DAVIS
 was indicted

 for stealing 77 gross of steel pens, value 3l. 11s. 6d.; 6 cards of pens, 2s.; 1 pen-case, 2d.; 1 box of pencill leads, 1s.; and 9 gross of pen-holders, 1l. 1s.; the goods of 



Henry Kalman; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MESSRS. BALLANTINE
and
ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY KALMAN
. I am a wholesale dealer in steel pens and Birmingham goods, and live in Houndsditch. About nine o'clock, on the 12th of March,

the prisoner came and asked me if I could supply him with steel pens and metal spoons—he said he had got a customer for them—I told him I had such articles I could supply him with—he said he had not got the money in his pocket, but if I would send somebody with him, or go myself, I could have the money directly—he selected seventy-seven gross of steel pens and metal spoons, nine gross of pen-holders, and some pencil-leads, worth 4l. 18s.—I told my lad to take them, and bring the money or the goods back again—they went out together from the warehouse, and the prisoner said he would not be long, he would be back perhaps in ten minutes—when he went out from the shop he said, "It is not a great way, it is only ten minutes' walk"—I expected the lad back in half an hour—he did not come back for five or six hours, and then he came back without any money or pens, but he brought back one parcel, which contained the spoons—I did not see the prisoner afterwards till he was in custody—I recognised him as the same man—I cannot recollect that I had ever known him before—he had only been in my place at the time he bought the goods—he did not tell me the place where he was going to take the pens, nor his own name—he said my father-in-law knew him well, and that he lived in Wheeler-street, Spitalfields—I asked him, "What name can I mention to my father-in-law, if I see him?"—he said, "De Cauder"—he said he expected to sell the goods to a captain that wanted to be off directly—I gave my boy directions not to let the prisoner have the goods without the money—I whispered that low, not to let the prisoner hear it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. I believe you made out a bill of parcels for the goods? A. Yes, I did, without putting down the name of the party—I did not enter it in a book—I put it on a slate—I made out a bill, and laid it on the counter—I did not give it to the prisoner—I did not notice whether he took it, or the lad took it—I intended the prisoner to take it—I cannot recollect whether there was a name to the bill; if there was it was De Cander—the prisoner told me he expected a customer for them, the captain of a ship—I called on the prisoner's mother the same evening—I knew her—I told her the case—I told her her son had run away with some goods of mine, and I should like to find him out.

Q. Will you swear you did not tell her you had trusted her son with some goods, and you hoped he would pay you? A. I am positive I did not say the word "trusted;" I said he had run away with the goods—I gave the two parcels of goods to my boy—the prisoner did not carry part of them, to my knowledge—he told me himself that he was going to send the money back by the lad, and he hoped to get the money from a captain—the prisoner's wife called on me a few days before he was in custody—I said I hoped I should get the money for my goods, and she said he would call on me the same day, or the day after, to settle with me, but he did not call—no one called on me—I believe the prisoner was at home at his own house when he was taken into custody.

Q. Did not his wife tell you they could pay you by instalments? A. I said if I had got security; I should not like to trust him without security—I did not agree to take it by instalments—I said 1 should consider upon it what I should do—I wanted security—I did not mention about instalments, it was security for payment.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. When did the prisoner's wife come? A. On a Monday or Tuesday morning, three or four days before the prisoner was taken—it was full six months after the prisoner obtained these goods—it was on the 12th of March that he took the goods, and it was on the 1st of this month, I think, when his wife came—I had been looking after the prisoner, and giving information to the police at almost every station—his wife told me she expected

her husband home very soon, but she knew he had not got any money at would I do—I said, "I don't know"—she said he would pay it by instalments—I said, "If he has got no money, how is he to pay instalments?" and I said, if I had security, I should consider it—I wanted to get my money—if any one has got any debts, he likes to get them in—I went to the prisoner's mother the same evening when he went away—it is not my custom to go to the mothers of persons I trust, but I wanted to find the prisoner—I think I did not put any name to the bill of parcels, no name at all—if goods are paid for immediately I give a bill of parcels as well—the most business I do is for cash—I keep a wholesale warehouse, and it is customary to give an invoice, whether I trust or not—I am in the habit of putting down things on a slate—I book everything I sell.





WILLIAM HENRY SEXTON
. I am in the employ of the prosecutor. On the day in question I was directed by my master to go with the prisoner, and to bring either the goods back or the money—there were two parcels—the prisoner was present when I was told to take the goods—I heard the prisoner say he expected to sell the goods to a captain of a ship, and if my master would send a perspn, or go himself, directly he got to the captain he should have the money, and it was not above ten minutes' walk—my master said to the prisoner that I should go with him, and receive the money—I went with the prisoner, and he took me as far as the Thames-tunnel, to Mr. Walker's, a ship-cable maker, and asked them to allow me to stop there whilst he went to Frost and Sheedey's—he then said to me, "You had better go in and wait till I come back"—I went in, and the prisoner went away, and took with him one of the parcels, containing the pens—I asked the young man who he was—he said he knew nothing of him, but he came there to sell lampcottons and steel pens—I did not wait at Walker's above five minutes—I then went to Frost and Sheedey's, but did not see the prisoner there—the prisoner had the parcel with the steel pens in it almost all the way—directly I got out of my master's door, he said, "The two parcels will be too heavy for you," and he took the one with the pens—I did not see him again till he was taken into custody at his own residence, in North-street, Commercial-road—I waited at Frost and Sheedey's till past four o'clock, and I gave information in Wapping—I afterwards went to the prisoner's house with the policeman, and when the policeman knocked at the door I saw the prisoner's wife, but the prisoner was within hearing—I saw him in the kitchen, through the grated window, at supper—the policeman spoke to the prisoner's wife at the door, and I should think the prisoner heard what she said—she said, "What do you want of him?" and shut the door in the policeman's face—I do not know that she said whether the prisoner was at home—a candle was fetched, and the prisoner came out of the passage of the next house, and was running away—we followed him—he went into the house of a baker in Back Church-lane, and there he was taken.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose these parcels were heavy? A. They were—I was glad to let the prisoner have one of them—my master made out the bill—I do not know that he put down the name—I only saw the bill lying on the counter—I saw the prisoner take it up—my master told me that I was to bring back the money, and of course he told the prisoner so—it is not likely that he should let the goods go without the money—it was by my master's direction that I went to the prisoner's house on the day he was taken.





EDWARD BURGES
 (police-constable H 198.) I went with Sexton to the prisoner's house—I knocked at the door, and Mrs. Davis came up—I asked if Mr. Davis was in—she said, "No"—I said, "I see him down in the kitchen, what is the use of your denying it?"—she shut the door in my face—I

went into the next house and got a light, and there was an alarm that the prisoner was gone out of the passage—I pursued him—he fell down, and cut his knee—I took him—he said he did not know it was me that was after him, he thought it was Mr. Kalman.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he not say he would not have run away if he had known it was you? A. Yes.





CHARLES THAIN
 (City police-constable, No. 19.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY
.* Aged 33.—


Transported for Seven Tears
.
