



2729. 




HANNAH AUGUSTA HIPSLEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
31st of Aug., 6 handkerchiefs, value 24s.; the goods of 



Isidore Livinson; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






ISIDORE LIVINSON
. I am an outfitter, and live at Charing-cross. On the 31st of Aug., the prisoner came to my shop, and required an outfit to the East Indies for herself—I took her order—I placed my order-book before her—she wrote her name and address—the book is not here—she told me her address, "Miss Horton, 12, Paragon, New Kent-road"—she ordered a ladies outfit; shifts, night-gowns, and other things—she afterwards said she had been recommended by the Honourable Henry Berkley, of Spring Gardens—she requested to look at some silk handkerchiefs, that she might show them to her intended, who was a Captain in the 75th Regiment of Madras Infantry—I showed her about one hundred—she picked out three first and then six, and asked my permission to take them and show them to the captain—she took them with the understanding that she was to bring them back the following morning, whether approved of or not—she said so—I did not mean to part with them at that time; only while she showed them—she turned round, and saw some satin scarfs, and took one of them—she did not come back next morning with the handkerchiefs—I did not see her again till she was in custody four days after—these are my handkerchiefs—they have my private mark on them, and are what I let her have to show to the captain.





MARY FELSTON
. I am in the service of the prosecutor. On the 31st of Aug., when the prisoner left the shop, I followed her to the house of a Mr. Priest, a pawnbroker, in Long-acre—she went in—she had a parcel with her, and when she came out she had none—she went down the Strand to a confectioner's, and then to a public-house—I then left and went home—on Sunday, the 3rd of Sept., she called at my master's, and asked if my master

was at home; I told her no—she asked me to let her wait—I refused—she said she would send a servant on the following day, but no servant came.





MARMADUKE LEMAGE
. I am in the service of Mr. Priest, a pawnbroker, in Long-acre—in the afternoon of the 31st of Aug., the prisoner pawned these handkerchiefs and a scarf for 18s., in the name of Ann Horton, Mount-row.





CHARLES OTWAY
 (Inspector of the A division.) The prisoner was brought to the station on Sunday evening, the 3rd of Sept.—I asked her name and address—she gave Hannah Augusta Hipsley, No. 12 Mount-row.

Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of any intention of defrauding. If I had not been taken I should have paid my bill on the Monday; I was going that day to a friend for it; I never said Mr. Berkley was going to pay for them, but gave his name as a reference of respectability for their taking my order; there was no promise of returning the goods; when I pledged them I considered they were my own; and having lost my purse and 15s. the night previous, I thought no harm in pledging them; I called on the Sunday, to explain why I had not been; I saw the servant.





HENRY SOLOMAN
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
.* Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.

