



1737. 




JAMES COCHRANE
 was indicted

 for stealing 5 tons weight of iron-rails for railways, value 50l.; and 5 tons weight of iron, 50l.; the goods of 



Joseph Bailey, and others.—Other COUNTS, varying the manner of laying the property.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN MURRAY.
 I had charge of a wharf at Battle-bridge for Mr. Brassey—in March or April last, a large quantity of iron-rails were brought there from Wales, for the Great Northern Railway—part of them were afterwards removed to the line of the intended railway, in the Caledonian-road—in May last, I missed 181 of the 15ft. and 8 of the 12ft. rails—in consequence of information, I afterwards went to Mr. Plumley's premises at Bankside, and found 182 of the rails, which I claimed, as belonging to Mr. Brassey—I have every reason to believe they were part of the rails that were placed in the Caledonian-road—they have a red mark on each end, and some white paint on some of them—the police took possession of them—they were worth 300l. or 400l.





WILLIAM CHEESEMAN.
 I have a carpet-ground near the line of the intended railway, in the Caledonian-road—I saw iron-rails carried away from there several times—the last van that came I took particular notice of—it was on the 1st of May, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon—it was a yellow van, with an iron-grey horse—I had never seen that van and horse before, but I was given to understand it had been there in the morning—the prisoner was the person who was driving the van, and had charge of it—I am quite certain of him; there were others with him loading, he assisted to load—he put the rails into the van, and they drove away to the King's Head bar in the Holloway-road.

Prisoner. I never was on the road in my life; I never saw him, and he never saw me. Witness. He was dressed in a sleeve waistcoat and cord trowsers, as he is now—I cannot read, and could not tell what name was on the van—it rained very hard.

MR. BODKIN.
Q. How long were they loading the van? A. Half an hour, or three-quarters of an hour—the prisoner was under my observation for that time, and I am certain he is the man.

COURT.
Q. Had you reason to think the transaction was an irregular one? A. I thought it was after hours—I went up to the fence inside my ground, close to the road, and looked at the van—I did not speak to the persons—I was close to the van—the prisoner was stooping, loading the iron into the the van, which was close to me, I had a full view of him—the man loading inside the van was a stoutish man, and I took notice of the carman—I had been told that same week, by Mr. Murray, to keep a look out, and see if I could identify any of the persons.





SAMUEL COLLINS.
 I live in Southwark. In July last I bought a yellow van and N iron-grey horse of Francis Janway—the prisoner had used it previously—I had known him driving it for one or two months previous to his being taken—I have seen him standing in my yard with it—he looked after it, he used to go out with it almost every day—Janway was ill for nearly

twelve months, and could not go out for weeks together, and the prisoner had to do the work.





ROBERT BRANDFORD
 (policeman) On the evening of the 7th of July I took the prisoner into custody in Tooley-street, from the description given of him that same morning by Cheeseman, and also of the vehicle he was in the habit of driving—I said I took him for stealing some railway iron—he said he knew nothing at all about it; he had never been in the Caledonian-road—I heard a statement made before the Magistrate about his being in prison—I know he was out of prison on the 1st of May.





FRANCIS JANWAY.
 In May last I had a yellow van and an iron grey horse—I sold them to Collins—the prisoner was then in my service—I did not authorize him to go on my account with the van and horse to take the rails from the Caledonian-road.

COURT.
Q. Did you ever let it out without knocking the use to which it was to be put? A. Yes, for the removal of goods or otherwise, but I always sent my servant with it; I was not able to look after it—I allowed anybody to use it on the terms I charged—I do not know of any transaction in which the van was employed on the 1st of May—I never booked anything—I do not know of my van being employed by any person engaged in the removal of iron—if the person hiring it saw my servant before he saw me, my servant would be under his orders—I do not know what use my van was put to on the 1st of May.

Prisoner. Mr. Collins knows me to be a hard-working lad; I have worked for him off and on.

MR. COLLINS
re-examined. I have known him some years—he was out with the horse and cart almost every day, with different customers—he worked for me a good while, I had no fault to find with him; he always seemed willing to work.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON.
Q. Do you affect to speak to his character? A. No—I know that he was tried here the session before last—I do not know that he was tried and convicted in 1841—I know that he had six months in 1844.





JOHN HOARE
 (policeman M 194.) I produce two certificates of the prisoner's former convictions, one from Mr. Clark's, and another from Mr. Straight's office—(these being read were certificates of the conviction of James Conelly in June, 1841,confined six months, and in July, 1844, confined six months)—I was present at both the trials—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.

