



1744. 




JANE HILLYARD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of Jane, 1 sovereign and 1 shilling, the moneys of 



Peter Henricks, from his person.






PETER HENRICKS
. I am a ship's carpenter. Between one and two o'clock on Friday afternoon, the 14th of June, I met the prisoner (Captain Letter, of the Elizabeth, had paid me 9l. in the morning)—I gave her something to drink—I had a sovereign and one shilling left—I had bought some things—a sailor was talking to me, and the prisoner stood behind me in the public-house—I felt something at my pocket—I turned, and saw the prisoner at my pocket—she dropped the shilling—I said, "Where is the sovereign?"—she said she did not have the sovereign—I said, "Five minutes before I came in it was safe"—she picked up the shilling, and paid for what I had to drink.





PHILLIP MOORE
. I am a blacksmith. I saw the prosecutor beckon to the officer—I stopped to see what was amiss—the prisoner had her band under her apron—she would not take it out—the officer asked her what she had got—she said what was that to him, he might take her to the station if he wanted to see—the officer turned to speak to the sailor—a man who stood by, gave two or three nods—she winked to him, and he passed dose over to her—she would not take her hand from under her apron—the man held out his hand to take something from her, and she tried to pass something to him—I gave her a push, and the officer asked him what he had got—he showed a farthing—another man came up, and she passed something to him, and he put it into his left hand breeches' pocket.





JAMES MALIN
 (police-sergeant K 99.) I was called to take the prisoner—I asked what she knew about the sovereign—she said she never saw it—there was no money found on her.

Prisoner's Defence. I was at the Albion; the prosecutor said, "Mary, how do you do?"I said my name was not Mary; he asked me to have something to drink, and we went to a public-house, and had a quartern of gin; he pulled out a shilling, and dropped it; I picked up, and put it on the bar—he paid 4d. for the gin; a man came and said he had a duplicate for a pair of trowsers and a waistcoat, and they went out to look at them; the prosecutor would not have them, and he came back and said he had lost a sovereign; I said, "Perhaps you have left it at the pawnbroker's"—he then accused me of it; I went out, crossed the road, and said to the policeman, "This man accuses me of robbing him, and you had better take

me;" they took me and searched me, but found nothing on me; I never had the sovereign, nor saw any thing about it.




GUILTY
.* Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.
