



1245. 




ALEXANDER FRANCIS BAILIE NICHOLSON



 was indicted for stealing 3 letters, containing 3 shillings, 1 sixpence, and 2 sovereigns, the property of 

Her Majesty's Postmaster-general, he (the prisoner) being employed in the said Post Office.—2nd COUNT, for embezzlement.—3rd COUNT, for secreting, &c—4th COUNT, for stealing the said letters and money sent by the post.


MR. ATTORNEY GENERAL, with
MESSRS. SHEPHERD
and
ADOLPHUS, conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN FORBES
. I am a messenger at the General Post-office—the prisoner has been employed there about two years—on the 1st of March he was employed in the inland office, collecting letters behind the stamper—his duty was to take the letters from the stampers' table to the sorters' table—in doing so I perceived him separating two or three letters by themselves, and place them behind a row. of letters which he had collected—he took the whole parcel up in his arms and conveyed them to the sorters—he took those he had put at the back part of the row with the rest—I followed him to the sorters without his observing me—I observed that he only left about half the row of the letters at the sorters' table—he kept the latter part of the row still in his hands, which contained those I had observed him put at the back—he carried those letters back with him towards the stampers' table, and on his way back I perceived him shifting some letters under his waistcoat—he put the others which he had carried back,

down on the stamping table, with some others, and conveyed them down to the sorters—after he had done so I perceived him put his hand up under his waistcoat again, as he returned to the stamping table—he appeared at if he was adjusting his waistcoat—I communicated the circumstance to Mr. Hodd, a clerk in the office—(examining three letters produced by Matthew Peck)—two of these have passed through my hands—I have marked one of these which is directed to Miss Jones—I have written "loz." on it—this is my hand-writing—it was my duty to weigh the letters—I can speak positively to this—here is another directed to Miss Terry—I recollect seeing this pass through my hands—they all bear the inland stamp of the 1st of March on them, and would arrive in due course by the mail that morning.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. He has been two years in the establishment, has his conduct been good up to this time? A. I never heard anything else.

COURT. Q. Where were these two or three letters put, do you mean at the end of the row, or behind it, not in the same line? A. Behind the row at the back of it, they formed part of the same row—it was not his duty to separate the money letters from the rest—the whole were not money letters, but mixed—money letters are not separated from the others—he did not say why he brought part of the letters back to the stampers—that was what caused my suspicion—he ought to have left the whole—I had noticed the letters—I had put down a number of cash letters before the prisoner with the others—I can very easily distinguish cash letters from the rest, by the feel.





EDWARD HODD
. I am in the inland office, and was on duty on the 1st of March. In consequence of what Forbes said to me, I caused the prisoner to be searched by Peek, the officer, in the inspector's room-before he was searched Peek asked if he had got anything about him which he ought not to have—he said he had not—he was asked if he had any objection to be searched, and said no—Peek searched his waistcoat pockets, then opened his waistcoat, and discovered two or three letters inside the waistband of his trowsers—he wore a waistcoat with sleeves, and no coat—his waistcoat was tight down—it was left up a short way and the letters thrust into the waistband of the trowsers—I do not recollect what he said on their being discovered—Peek said something to him, I do not recollected what—all three letters bore the inland stamp of the morning of the 1st of March, and the marks of the country towns they came from—it was the prisoner's duty to carry letters over the proper weight, which had not paid sufficient, to the sorter.

COURT. Q. Then it was his duty to separate from the letters any which were to be paid for above the amount of the stamp? A. Certianly not—he should carry all the "more to pay" letters to the sorters—it was his duty to carry the whole, whether there was more to pay or not, but the packets that are stamped at that table are to be carried to a different place altogether—but these are stamped with the unpaid letters and are taken to the sorters—the others are taken to another sorters table—it was his duty to carry all the letters from the stamper to the sorters, those that have the proper stamps to one table, and those that have more to pay to another sorter's table—all three of these letters had more to pay—the letters are taken by Forbes to have the stamp "More to pay"put on them.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. What post-towns do they come from? A. The one directed to Miss Terry, from Hastings; one for Miss Jones, from Elston,

in Cornwall; and the one forCullen, from Hereford—from these stamps it appears that they had all passed through the office in the regular way.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you known anything of the prisoner before you made the discovery? A. I had suspicions of him—I knew nothing of him.

Q. Have you ever observed that his habits were of a morose, sullen, retired disposition? A. He was rather so disposed—I observed nothing odd about him.





MATTHEW PEEK
. I am a policeman. On the 1st of March I was called into Mr. Kelly's room, at the Post-office—the prisoner was there—I was desired to search him by a gentleman in the office—I asked him if he had got any letters about him—he said "No"—I then commenced searching him (I was not present when he was asked whether he had any objection)—in the waistband of his trowsers I found the three letters now produced—I finished my search, and then cautioned him whatever he might say would be used in evidence against him—he said nothing at that time, but in a minute or so afterwards he said, "Mr. Peek, it is a bad job, and I am sorry for it"—I then repeated my caution, and he said no more—Hodd was present when I searched him—this letter, directed to "Miss Jones," had the seal broken when I found it on him—it contained three shillings and a sixpence—I saw the letter to Miss Terry opened—I have kept the letters in my possession ever since—I took the letter addressed to Miss Terry to the Dead-letter-office—it was opened by a gentleman there, and contained a sovereign—it appears to come from Mrs. Terry, at Hastings—it bears the Hastings post-mark of the 28th—I showed the letter addressed to Mr. Cullen to Mr. Higgins the next day—I saw him open it at the examination before the Magistrate—it contained one sovereign—it appears to come from Mr. Lloyd, of Hereford, and contains an order for some leeches.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you observed the conduct of the prisoner at the office? A. Not particularly—I have not observed any peculiarity about him—I might have passed and repassed him, that is all.





RICHARD CRADDOCK
. I am a constable of the Post-office. On the 1st of March the prisoner was delivered into my charge by Peek—when I was in the room with him, I said to him, "I am sorry to see you here, I hope there is nothing wrong"—he said yes, they had found some letters upon him, it was a bad job.

MR. CLARKSON
called the following witnesses on the prisoner's behalf.






ELIZABETH CATHERINE BOWSTEAD
. I am the prisoner's sister-in-law; he has been married to my sister since 1834 or 1835—I was not in London at the time—he has two children—in the latter end of 1836 he conducted himself in a very strange manner, by taking poison—he had treated my sister with great unkindness—not striking her or swearing at her, but he would leave home for days together—I remember her being obliged to leave him for three days—she went to my father's, during which time I was living in the house where me prisoner lived—he never took his clothes off, or went to bed during those three days—in 1836, I remember discovering an ounce bottle of poison and two razors in his pocket—it was between seven and eight o'clock in the evening—either in September or October—a gentleman named Westcott came in while he was locked up in his bed-room, and broke the room door open—I communicated to Mr. Westcott what I had seen, and he went up—he brought an ounce bottle

of laudanum down stairs—it was empty when he brought it down—Mr. Westcott fetched his wife back that night—on the night she came back the prisoner slept on the sofa in the front room—we once found a bottle of laudanum in the cellar—I cannot say whether it was before or after this circumstance—my sister and I found it—one evening, in the latter end of April, or the 1st of May, 1887, he attempted to hang himself—be was hung up—I remember the execution of Greenacre—the prisoner did not make that the subject of conversation, to my knowledge—this circumstance took place the day previous to the execution of Greenacre, but be had made no observation about it—I missed him from the bar for two hours—he then kept the Cock and Crown public-house—my sister at that time was ill in bed—I got Mr. Clark and my brother Robert to look for him—I know the room he was found in, but I did not see him myself till the following day—my sister was obliged to relinquish the business of the Cock and Crown on account of his strange conduct—about the 9th of May we left the Cock and Crown, and went to Jewin-crescent—about July he conducted himself like a madman—he sharpened a couple of razors, and went about the house breaking the china and glass—be put the razors in his pocket—I saw him with them myself—there was no cause for his breaking the china and glass—be was always a sober man—after breaking the china and glass, he fastened himself in the water-closet—my sister and I sent for two policemen, who broke the door open, got him out, and took out of his pocket two razors, which they gave me—some time after he removed to New-street, City-road—he was in the habit of carrying razors about the house with him in the day-time—I never saw him out—when we were in New-street, in 1837, he took poison—I was living in the house at the time—my sister told me of it—I was not called up—I saw nothing of it myself—after he left New-street he removed to Cannon-street, and there he sharpened two razors—he kept us up all night, by wandering about the house, saying he would destroy himself, which he had frequently said before—he wandered up and down the house all night in his cloths—there was no cause for this, more than being unfortunate in business—he had been unfortunate at the Cock and Crown—he has not allowed his wife what she wanted for her maintenance since he has been in the Post-office—he has not allowed her any thing—she has lived by letting the house out to lodgers—his general disposition has been very melancholy—he never struck his wife, nor swore at her, but he kept her without money—he always said he was taking care of his money, but my sister did not know in what way—he did no act that I can speak to, after leaving New-street, not till the night previous to this happening at the Post-office-his conduct was much better, but always melancholy—the night before this was discovered he came home about half-past nine—he went into the parlour, and sat there by himself for two hours, which was very unusual—he had a candle—he came out—I asked him what was the matter—he said "Nothing"—he then appeared very melancholy, as if be was going as he had been before—that was the way his disorder appeared to attack him before—it was that sort of moroseness, by lying in bed for two or three days together—he has done that since he has been in the Post-office, without having anything the matter with him—he was always sober—he has laid in bed sometimes without any cause at all.

MR. ATTORNEY GENERAL. On any of these occasions, was he under the care of any medical man? A. He was not.






ROBERT BOUSTEAD
. I am the prisoner's brother-in-law. I had occasion to notice his conduct in May, 1837—I myself was not present before that, when he did any act of extravagance—I have heard how he has behaved, from time to time—on the night of the 1st of May, 1887, I lodged at the Cock and Crown, in Little Britain, which was kept by the prisoner—about twelve o'clock at night I was informed they could not find him—I went in search of him about the house—my sister, his wife, was ill in bed—I found him in the tap-room, hanging by his neck-handkerchief on a nail—I lifted him in my arms, and took him down—he appeared to be quite dead—I laid him on the floor, and called Mr. Clark, a friend of mine—we got some blankets and brandy, took him into the kitchen, laid him by the fire, rubbed him, gave him the brandy, and in about ten minutes he began to show signs of life—he began to struggle—I got into the tap-room by bursting the door open—there was a sky-light in the tap-room ceiling, and it was by means of that sky-light I found him there—when I had got him down I searched his clothes and found in his pocket two razors and a hand-towel—Mr. Clark, who is a chemist, ascertained that he had taken no poison that night—I was not in England when he was married—he has appeared to me at times not to know right from wrong, since I have been acquainted with him, I have not considered him of sound mind—I have not of my own knowledge known that he was in possession of poison in his pockets—I have heard it—I have heard him threaten to destroy himself, and talked to him about it, and on one occasion succeeded in dissuading him from it—I have known him lay in bed for days together without any occasion—he was not of drunken habits—in consequence of his extraordinary conduct, my sister was taken from him—he never offered to do her any sort of violence.





WILLIAM WESTCOTT
. I am a clerk in the Post-office. I remember being called on in 1836, to render assistance to the prisoner's family—in consequence of what Bowstead told me, I went to the room the prisoner was in—it was the second-floor back room of the Cock and Crown public-house, Little Britain—I think it was about September—it was a bed-room—I found the door bolted—in consequence of what was communicated to me, I broke it open, and found the prisoner lying on the bed with his clothes on—I think there was a slight quantity of laudanum in a bottle, but it appeared to me he had taken a quantity of it—there was a cup there—I endeavoured to remonstrate with him, but it had no effect—he appeared in a state of stupor as if he had taken a narcotic—at that time his wife had been absent two or three days—in consequence of this she was fetched back to him—I did not stay there all night—I went for his wife by the advice of her sister—I always thought him remarkably morose, and extraordinarily obstinate—I have always heard of him as particularly honest up to this time—I have known him about eight years—in nine cases out of ten I have observed his conduct to be sullen and morose, but for eight or nine weeks together I have not seen him—I was not intimate there—I thought at times he was in rather a mad state of mind, from what I have heard, but the only instance I observed, was in 1836.

MR. ATTORNEY GENERAL. Q. What office do you fill in the Post-office? A. A clerk in the twopenny department—I have been there nearly fourteen years—I suppose the prisoner earned altogether about 30s. a-week—at times I thought he was touched with insanity, from the acts I have heard he has committed—but all I myself saw, was the act of

taking poison, which was seven years ago, in 1836—if I met with a person in the establishment who I thought unfit for duty, I should think it right to report him, but I did not belong to the same department as the prisoner, and seldom met with him—I saw no acts that led me to conclude him mad except seven years ago.




GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Life.
