



456. 




PATRICK STANTON
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Frederick Sundius, on the 
23rd of December, at 
St. John, at Hackney, and stealing therein two spoons, value 4s., his property; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






MARGARET SUNDIUS
. I am the wife of John Frederick Sundius, of Stoke Newington-road, in the parish of West Hackney. On Thursday, the 23rd of December, about two o'clock, I was sitting in my dining-room at work—I saw a boy in the front court—I got up to see who it was, and saw another boy (the prisoner) get out of the area—I asked what he did there—he said be had dropped his cap, and bad got down to pick it up—I knew very well he had no right to be so near the window, and asked what he wanted—be said, "Indeed, Ma'am, I have dropped my cap, and I wished to pick it up"—my servant boy came in at the gate at the time—the prisoner ran away, and I beckoned to my servant to follow him, which he did—the area is not very large—there is only one window in it—it is not railed in—it is within a court-yard, about ten yards from the road—I had seen the area window shut shortly before—it opens into the kitchen—I went into the front court, looked down the area, and found the window open about a quarter of a yard, and missed two tea-spoons—I saw the prisoner about twenty minutes after at the station, and one spoon.





MOSES HAWKINS
. I am servant to the prosecutor. I was called by my mistress and followed the prisoner about half a mile—he ran, and tried to get away, but I saw him caught just past the printing-office leading on to Shackle well Downs—as he was running I saw him put his hand to his pocket, take out two spoons, and try to throw them over a wall—one went over and one fell back—I did not pick it up, and do not know what became of it—I continued following the prisoner, calling "Stop thief"—I did not see him taken—after he threw the spoons away I caught hold of him—he said he had done nothing, and I let him go—the policeman came up, I told him, and he pursued him—I afterwards went into the garden where I saw the prisoner throw the spoon, and found it there—I took it to the stat ion, and it was shown to my mistress.





JAMES COWARD
. I am a policeman. On the 23rd of December I saw

Hawkins at the top of Shacklewell-lane—he told me something—I pursued and caught the prisoner—I left him in Hawkins's custody while I went after his companion, but he struggled to violently with Hawkins, who hallooed to me that he would escape, that I thought it best to return and secure him—Hawkins said he had seen the prisoner throw a spoon over the wall—I told him to go and get it, which he did, and brought it to the station.

MRS. SUNDIUS
re-examined. This is my spoon.

Prisoner's Defence. I was coming past, and saw the other boy walk out of the gate, and Hawkins after him. When I saw the boy run I ran, I did not see what was chucked. Hawkins stopped the boy, who said he had done nothing, and he went away; and he and I being dressed alike they thought I had something to do with it. The other boy got away. The policeman said I must know something about it, being dressed like him; they took me back, and then they said I was the boy.





MOSES HAWKINS

re-examined. I am certain he is the boy I saw throw the spoons away.





JAMES BROOK
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction in July last—(read)—I know him to be the boy that was convicted.

Prisoner. Yes, that is all right.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Twelve Years—Parkhurst.
