



923. 




MARY NEWLAND



, stealing 1 purse, value 1d; and 6 sovereigns; the property of 




George Pettit; having been before convicted.






GEORGE PETTIT.
 I am a cow-keeper, at South-place, Clapham. On 26th Feb., between five and six o'clock in the morning, I was in Whitecross-street—I stopped by a passage—the prisoner came up, and put her hand into my pocket, and took out a purse, containing six sovereigns—a man rushed against her, and they both ran up the court—I followed them, and saw the tail of the man's coat going into a water-closet—it was quite dark—I asked who was there—no one answered—I went in, took hold of the man and the prisoner, and pulled them into the street—the prisoner said, "Kill the man, knock the b—r down"—I called a policeman, who took them both—I went back to the place where I took them—the policeman picked up my purse there—this is it—there was no money found—I heard no chinking there.

Cross-examined by Mr. MELLER.
Q. You had been having a merry night? A. Not particularly; I had been out all night, seeing my friends—I was quite sober—I had taken two or three glasses of win with some friends, but not above half a pint, at the Cat, about a hundred and fifty yards from where the prisoner came up to me—I had only been in that one public house after I left my friend's house, about four o'clock in the morning—I had not drunk a great deal—there were a great many people there—I had my purse in my hand when I unbuttoned my trowsers—I had not paid for anything out of it—I felt it before she came up—if it had not been for the man I should have taken the prisoner—he forced her before him—when I took them I charged them with robbing me, and they denied it—I know one person who was in the Cat, a man named Walker.





ALEXANDER JOHN GWINNETT
 (City policeman, 164.) I found Pettit holding the prisoner and a man—I found this purse in the water-closet—the man was discharged by the Magistrate—Pettit had been drinking, but was not drunk.

Cross-examined. Q. How long was it before you found the purse? A. About a quarter of an hour afterwards.

MR. MELLER
called






MARIA SPRATT.
 I am single, and live in Golden-lane, and am a shoebinder—I think I have seen the prisoner before; I do not know her. On Friday week, about six o'clock in the morning, I was in the Cat, and saw Pettit in a private box, treating three women—he was drinking gin—I am positive of that—the prisoner was in front of the bar—after she was taken up I heard the three women talking—they had some money, and said they had left the skin behind them, up the court—they had been out, and come back—I do not think I should know the woman who said that—I had just come in from the country—I was very tired, and had no residence—I went in there

to have half-a-pint of beer—I met a woman inquiring for her daughter—I said I had seen such a woman as she described taken to the station, but said she would not be long, as the other persons had taken it—the prisoner went out first, then these other girls, and Pettit last.





GEORGE PETTIT

re-examined. I deny being in company with any women, or drinking any gin—I was not in a box with any women—some women came in, but I did not drink with them.





CHARLES BEAUMONT.
 I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction at Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted, April, 1847, and confined six months)—she is the person.




GUILTY.* Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.

