



807. 




ELIZABETH MARY JONES
 was indicted

 for feloniously taking away a certain female child, aged about four months, named 



Selina Hellens,with intent to deprive 


Edward Hellens and 



Frances Hellens, the parents, of the possession of the said child.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be with intent to steal 1 frock, value 5s.; 1 pinafore, 1s.; 1 cap, 1s.; and 1 hood, 4s.; the goods of the said Edward Hellens, on and about the person of the said child.



MR. WILDB
conducted the Prosecution.






FRANCES HOLLENS
. I am the wife of Edward Hellens, we live in Wolverly-street, Gloucester-street, Hoxton. On the 27th of Nov. last, I had an infant daughter named Selina—she was four months and a fortnight old within one day—on that day my elder daughter Eliza took the child out at twelve o'clock in the forenoon—she left with the child in her arms as the beerman went past—I had told her not to go out of the street—I did not see the child again till the 3rd of Jan., 1844—I knew it was my child—she was very much reduced—the flannel petticoat which was on her was mine, and was on her on the 27th of Nov.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. Was the child weaned when with you? A. No, and it sucks now—I had fed her just before she went out, and it is now, by care and nourishment, recovering its appearance—it was clean and comfortable when it was returned—this is it.





ELIZA HELLENS
. I am going on for eleven years of age. I am the daughter of Frances Hellens, and was living with her—on the 27th of Nov. I went out with my sister Selina—I went into Gloucester-street—a young woman came to me, and said, "Little girl, your bonnet is untied"—she asked me to let her tie it, and she did—she then told me she had a son who was gone for a soldier, and had stopped out all night drinking, and said, "I want such a nice little girl as you to go into a public-house and see if there is a soldier there"—I had my little sister still in my arms—the young woman then took her out of my arms, and told me to go into a public-house and look into the tap-room, and see if there was a soldier there—I went into a public-house—she then sent me into a little cake shop, and gave me a penny piece, and told me to buy a lady's-finger, and I did so—she then told me to go to another shop, and get a pound-cake for the baby—I did so—she told me to ask for a piece of paper—she wrapped up the cake and the lady's-finger, and put them into her pocket—she then sent me into another public-house—she then sat down on a step,. and gave me a fourpenny-piece, and told me to go and buy 1d. worth of plum-pudding, and to get 1d. loaf, and she told me the first public-house she came to, she would sit down and have a pint of beer—she held the child while I went on all the errands—she then sent me for 2oz. of cheese, and I went—we got on to the London-hospital, and then she told me she wanted to go up a court for a minute—she went, and took the baby, and I never saw her nor the baby afterwards—she had told me to stop at the end of the court, and I waited a long time—I do not know how long—a woman said I waited twenty minutes—a good many people spoke to me, and a young man took me to the station, told the people I had lost a baby, and then that young man took me home—the woman who spoke to me, and took the baby, was dressed in a half-mourning gown, a black-crape bonnet, and a dark shawl—she had a crape flower by the side of her bonnet—she had a pale complexion, and she had a flat curl on her cheek—I believe her hair was dark—I was examined before the Magistrate, at Union-hall—I did not know the female who was produced to me, at first, but when I came to see her have the bonnet and shawl on, I recognized her—when I saw her first at Union-hall she was dressed very nicely, not in mourning—she was dressed better than when I had seen her before—the constable showed me a crape bonnet, and, to the best of my recollection, that was similar to the

bonnet the woman had on on the 27th of Nov.—I also saw a shawl—the prisoner is the person I saw on the 27th of Nov.

Cross-examined. Q. But the first time you went before the Magistrate, you said she was not the person? A. Yes—I went before the Magistrate three times—I said, both the first and second time, that she was not the person—she had a red face—the third time I went I said she was the person—she had the bonnet and shawl on then—I believe there was a policeman with me when I said she was the person—I said the woman who came up to me, and took the child away, stuttered or stammered in her talk.





MARIA GOODFELLOW
. I am the wife of George Goodfellow, of Winchester-court, Monkwell-street. I know the prisoner—I remember seeing her in Oct. last—she told me she was going to have a nurse child—on the 27th of Nov. I saw her at my house, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon—she said she had been to fetch the baby which she was going to have to nurse, and she brought it with her at the same time—I afterwards saw the child at the police-office—I could not swear that it was the same child, but it appeared to me, though very much altered, to be the same—I thought it was the same—I went with the prisoner to Mrs. Cook's.

COURT. Q. How was the prisoner dressed on the 27th, when she brought the child? A. I cannot decidedly say—she was in half-mourning.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you have known her about five years? A. Yes—I do not know whether she was on intimate terms with a sea captain—I was intimate with her, but not particularly in her confidence.

Q. If you had seen that child without having been told whence it came, do you think you should have had any idea that that was the child you had seen before? A. No, Sir.

COURT. Q. Do you think you should have traced the resemblance, so as to believe it to be the child? A. I do not know.





REBECCA COOK
. I am the wife of Thomas Cook, of Richardson-street, Bermondsey. The prisoner came to lodge at my house on the 23rd of Oct.—she was in mourning—I asked if she was a widow—she said no, she was a married woman—she went out that evening to see her little boy, as she said—she told me about a Captain Jones, who was then away, but would return the latter end of Dec. or the beginning of Jan—she said he was her husband, but afterwards she said he was not her husband—she told me the had been put to bed on the 12th of April with twins—she was lodging with me in Nov.—I remember her going out about the end of that month—I cannot say exactly how she was dressed, but she was in mourning—I have seen a bonnet produced by the officer—that was left in my room, and it is a similar bonnet to the one she had on when she went out in Nov.—she was going to throw it on the dust-hole on the 30th of Dec, when she left my room, and I begged it of her—on the 27th of Nov. she went out about ten in the morning, and returned between seven and eight in the evening with an infant—she said she had had a few words with a person, and had brought her baby home, and it was a little boy—I thought it was her own—it was called John—I did not find it out to be a girl till the Friday before she left on the Saturday—the captain came on the Friday night, and then the prisoner said the child was to be turned into a girl, and to be called Alice, because the captain's father was to give it 20l.; and a coral—I said how was that to be done; how was the old gentleman to know whether it was a girl or a boy—she said it was to be kept up as a joke—she gave me a shawl, but I do not know that I ever saw it on her back.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you have an opportunity of ascertaining whether

she had milk in her breasts or not? A. No—the captain appeared very fond of her, and the child was represented to him as his own.





THOMAS BOULTON
 (police-constable M 130.) On the 3rd of Jan. I went with another officer and the father of this child to a house where the prisoner lived—I saw her with the child in her arms—the father shook his bead and called her a guilty woman, and then she gave the child over to him—I saw this flannel petticoat taken off the child by its mother, and here is the letter "H." on it—the mother said it was her own making—I got this shawl and crape bonnet from Goodfellow.





DONALD MURRAY
 (police-constable M 119.) On the 3rd of Jan. I went with Boulton with a search-warrant to the prisoner's house in George-street, Bermondsey—Mr. Hellens was with me—the prisoner came on the stairs with the child in her arms—Iasked her if Captain Jones was at home—she said, "No"—I asked if she was Mrs. Jones—she made no answer—she handed the child over to Mr. Hellens and said, "I am innocent, but I have bees a mother"—I had a search-warrant to look for the clothes, and the prisoner said, "You will find none; they are all consumed in the flames"—I said, "Not the flannel petticoat and all?"—she said, "No, that is the only article remaining."

Cross-examined. Q. Did she not say, "I have been a mother to it?" A. I did not understand that—she might say so—I understood her to say, "I am innocent, but I have been a mother."




GUILTY. Aged 30.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury, considering the unfortunate situation she stood in at the time as an unfortunate female, and on account of the temptation under which she acted.






Transported for Seven Year



Before 


Edward Bullock, Esq.

