



2439. 




WILLIAM NIXON
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Westbeach, on the 
26th of September, it 
St. John, at Hackney, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 7 spoons, value 1l. 14s., his goods; 1 umbrella, value 1s.; 1 pencil-case, value 3s.; 3 shillings, and 1 sixpence; the property of 



Mary Ann Saunders.






JOHN WESTBEACH
. I live in Queen's-terrace, Queen's-row, Dalston, in the parish of St. John, at Hackney. On Saturday, 20th of September, I went to bed a little after eleven o'clock, I bolted the door, the windows were all fastened and every thing safe—next morning I was called up about a quarter past three o'clock, by the policeman—on going into the back kitchen, I found every thing in disorder—the dresser drawers were ransacked, and the panel of the window shutter cut open sufficient to admit an arm through—a pane of glass had been broken previously to admit a finger to undo the hasp—I went into the parlour—the sideboard cupboard had things taken out and put in the centre of the room—some plated candle-sticks had the paper which they had been in, torn off—two mustard spoons and five tea-spoons were gone from the kitchen—a leg of mutton was taken from the safe—I missed some whiskey from a decanter in the parlour, and found about a quarter of an ounce of gunpowder on the mantle-piece, screwed up like snuff—on the kitchen table a coffee-pot stood, which had been cut to see if it was silver, it had been taken off the dresser, and a metal milk jug had the handle torn off to see if it was silver—I went with the constable to Richmond-road, outside my garden, and found the prisoner in custody—he had my servant's umbrella in his possession at the time.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Were you the last person who went to bed at night? A. Yes—I saw that all was safe below—I bolted the doors myself—the umbrella was the only thing found on the prisoner.





MARY ANN SAUNDERS
. I am servant to the prosecutor. On Sunday morning, the 27th of September, when I went down I found every thing in disorder, and out of its place—I missed an umbrella from the kitchen, and a silver pencil case, and 3s. 6d., from my work-box, a leg of mutton from the safe, which I saw at Worship-street—I had noticed my fellow-servant cut it so, that I could identify it.

Cross-examined. Q. Could you swear to the umbrella? A. Yes—I Have had it twelve months—I know it well—master's little boy broke the handle off.





ALFRED LEAMAN
. I am a policeman. On Sunday morning, the 27th of September, about three o'clock, I was on duty near Queen's-row, Dalston, and coming up towards Queen's-terrace, I could see Richmond-road—I heard footsteps, and saw the prisoner walk across the road, I went up to him and asked him what he was after, and why he crossed the road—he said he went there to case himself, but went across, as he thought I should


blow him up—he had a leg of mutton under his arm, and an umbrella in his hand—he said, "Do you want to know what I have got here? I can soon show you"—he undid the handkerchief, and showed me the mutton—I asked where he got it—he said at Clapton—I asked where from—he said from his master, who was a butcher, and he was a butcher also—I called my brother constable, and left the prisoner in his charge, and searched the backs of the houses—when I came to the prosecutor's, I found the door of the wall down and lying in the yard, and a piece of glass broken in the window, which was up—I called the prosecutor up, and found the house in confusion—I took the prisoner to the station-house, and in going along he said he was not a butcher—I found on him a box of matches, a comb, a tobacco-box, 6d., and 2 halfpence—I went back to where I had stopped him, and found a jemmy, and a strong gimlet, which would make the holes in the shutter—it corresponded with it, and there were marks of the crow-bar by the side of the window frame—there were footmarks in the back garden, which exactly corresponded with the prisoner's shoes.

Cross-examined. Q. How did you try his shoes? A. I covered the footmarks over with wood until the morning, and then tried them in company with the sergeant—I tried them with the nails—I put them in very easy—I did not make a mark with them—I noticed the mark before I applied the shoe to it—I looked at the bottom of his shoe before I put it down and it appeared to correspond with the impression before I put it in, and it fitted when I put it in—there were footmarks of different persons.




GUILTY.* Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.
