



1130. 




GEORGE WARREN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of March, 1 pair of boots, value 5s., the goods of 



James Smith; and 2 sheets, value 6s., the goods of 



John Thornett; and that he had been before convicted of felony.







JAMES SMITH
. I am barman to Mr. John Thornett, at the Bull's Head public-house, in Tottenhan-court-road. The prisoner came there on the night of the 2nd of March, and asked if he could have a lodging for one night—I called my mistress, and he gave her 1s. for his night's lodging—he went up stairs, and had a glass of gin-and-water—he went to bed in the room, No. 11, about twelve o'clock—the next morning I came down at seven, and afterwards saw my boots under a chair in the room, No. 9, which I slept in—a servant saw him go out of his room into mine, and he went out about ten minutes past ten o'clock—I went up about ten minutes after, and my boots were gone—I missed some sheets off the bed where he slept—on the 6th of March the prisoner was brought to our house again—I was called into the parlour, and the boots he had on were mine—I gave him a pair of old boots that he bad left behind—I asked if they were his, and he said they were—I have not seen the sheets since—he had no business in my room at all—I found his old boots under the bed he had slept in—they were very old, and worth about 6d.—mine were worth 5s.—they were on the same floor, but in a different room.

Prisoner. Q. Have you any thing remarkable about the boots? A. Yes, a small cut on them, which was done when they were made—on the Monday night you came and asked for a bed, you had slept there the night previous—I saw something pass between you and my mistress on the Monday night—I cannot swear you did not pay her on the Monday morning—no one slept that night on the same floor—I swear that you said the old boots were yours.





THOMAS CROSSMAN
 (police-constable E 27.) I was called to the Bull's Head public-house on the 6th of March, and the prisoner was given into custody—I saw him take these boots off and the old pair brought to him he said were his—the sheets have not been found—these are the boots he took off his feet.

Prisoner. Q. Can you swear that I said these old boots were mint? A. Yes.

Prisoner's Defines. The boots are my own; the prosecutor cannot say if they are bound or not.





HENRY MILTON
 (police-constable D 165.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got iron Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person—he was tried by another name—I was the officer in the case.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
