



2111. 




ROBERT TROTTER, alias
 Charles Jones,

 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Stephen James Fitzgerald, about the hour of one in the night of the 
24th of June, at 
St. Pancras, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 knife, value 3d.; 24 shillings, 2 pence, and 6halfpence; the property of 




Mary Welch: and 1 pencil, value 1d.; 2 pence, and seven halfpence; the goods of 




Jane Moorman.







JANE MOORMAN
. I am in the service of Mr. Stephen James Fitzgerald, who lives at No. 11, Tunbridge-place, New-road, in the parish of St. Pancras. On the night of the 24th of June I went to bed just before eleven o'clock—I was not the last person up, and did not fasten up the house—I was disturbed about half-past one—my master went down stairs first, and I went next—the kitchen-window was thrown wide open, and the window-shutters were thrown down—the shutters had been shut when I went to bed, and the window was fastened down—I found the area-gate was wide open—the policeman went and got a light, and went down stairs—we found all the kitchen-drawers, wide open—twenty-four shillings, two pence, and six halfpence had been taken out of the cook's drawer, and two pence and seven halfpence taken from a reticule-box on the shelf, and a small knife and a pencil—this was on a Friday night, and on the Sunday Bight following the prisoner was taken.





MART WELCH
. I am cook in Mr. Fitzgerald's family. I lost that night twenty-four shillings, 5d. In coppers, and a pen-knife—I fastened up the house before I went to bed.





JAMBS CARTER
 (police-constable S 140.) About one o'clock in the morning, on Saturday, the 25th of June, I saw the prisoner at the corner of Judd-street, New-road, about 150 yards from the prosecutor's house—he passed along towards Tunbridge-chapel—he was alone—a constable of the E division was coming along—he turned and looked him in the face—I went down West-street to watch the prisoner—I lost sight of him, and did not see him again till he was at the station on Monday morning.

Prisoner. The policeman said he was on the other side of the New-road, and I on the other. Witness. I went across the road to look at the prisoner, because I saw him look at the constable—he had the same clothes on that he has now, only he had a hat on—I lost sight of him all at once.





WILLIAM SHEW
 (police-constable E 19.) I was on duty that morning, and saw the prisoner standing neat Tunbridge-chapel, about a quarter past one o'clock, about five yards from the prosecutor's—the next time I came round my beat I found the area-gate open at Mr. Fitzgerald's, No. 11, Tunbridge-place—it was then about half-past one—I alarmed the house—I found the house had been opened by putting a knife between the two sashes of the kitchen window.





ROBERT SMITH
 (police-constable E 160.) I assisted in apprehending the prisoner on the Sunday night, in an area at No. 9, Judd-street, about a quarter to one o'clock—he was under the area steps, and I found the kitchen window open—I saw him searched, and a knife, a box of lucifer Batches, and a piece of candle, Were found on him—he dropped the candle on the way to the station—a small jemmy was found under the steps where the prisoner was concealed.





GEORGE SPOTTISWOOD PECK
. I took the prisoner under the steps—I searched him in the kitchen, and found this box of matches, this knife, a piece of candle, a bodkin-case, this pencil, and a snuff-box on him—I found this little jemmy under the area steps.





RICHARD OWEN
. I am a policeman. After Carter came and saw the prisoner on Monday morning in the cell, the prisoner said, "D—that D—Carter, it is all up with me now"—he said he had had seven years before, owing to Carter, and he served three out of it; and if they had let

him remain in the place where they took him, he should have been a 100l. man by ten o'clock.





JANE MOORMAN

re-examined. This pencil belongs to me—I know it by the way I cat it with a kitchen knife, and the marks of bites on it; and there are two names on it, the name of "Exeter" and the name of "Jones," I think—I was the last person that used it—I was not aware it was lost till I saw it brought back, and laid on the table at my master's.

Prisoner's Defence. I own I was taken up under the area; a gentleman came into the watch-house just before me; Carter said, "Let roe look at him;" the gentleman got up, and Carter said, "This is him;" he went away, came in again, and said I was the man; several policemen said that the gentleman was me, and I was him.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
