



991. 




JAMES RYAN



, stealing 3lbs. weight of biscuits, and 103lbs. of tobacco, value 18l.; the goods of the 

London Dock Company, from their Dock.


MESSRS. BALLANTINE
and
WILDE
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY DYKE.
 I lodge at a coffee-shop, in Love-lane, Ratcliff. On 26th Feb., about nine o'clock at night, I was by the wall of the London Dock—I saw a cab come up, with no one in it—two persons were walking on the pavement—the cab stopped under the dock wall, on the opposite side to me—it stopped about ten minuted—some one sing out, "Ho!" and I heard something heavy fall off the dock wall—I looked up and saw a person on the dock wall—the two men took up the parcel, put it into the cab, and it drove off up Gravel-lane—I told a policeman the same night.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. When did they find you out? A.


On the Monday or Tuesday—I went before the Magistrate on Wednesday—I was talking to a person about thirty yards from where the parcel fell—I did not go after the cab—I went to the dock on Tuesday morning—Mr. Clements came, and told me it would be good for me to come—I had been employed at a greengrocer's; since then I have been employed at the docks, and have half-a-crown a day—they have taken me into the docks, in consequence of my behaving well in this matter, I believe.





JOHN LEWINS.
 I am an Excise-officer. On Saturday evening, 26th Feb., about eleven o'clock, I was in Russell-street, Bermondsey—I saw a man with a large bundle on his back, crossing the street—I put my hand on the bag—it was hard—he threw it off, and knocked me down—it contained 103lbs. of leaf tobacco—I took it to the warehouse, in Broad-street, and found two grains of Indian corn in it.





WILLIAM CLIFFORD.
 I am a labourer in the London Docks. On 26th Feb.1 left work at four o'clock—I left my smock-frock and an old waistcoat hanging up on a clothes-rack, at the bottom of the east quay—there were no biscuits in the waistcoat pocket.





JOHN CLEMENTS.
 I am a constable of the London Docks. I received information on 26th Feb., and went to the east-quay tobacco warehouse, the side of which forms the boundary wall of the dock, and one side of Broad-street—the place Dyke describes is near the boundary wall—I went on to the roof, and noticed one of the sashes of the lantern-light, next to Broad-street, open—I had a light—I saw marks of a person having come out of that window, and there were finger marks on the slates leading form the window to the gutter—there was a timber partition in that warehouse—any person could have got from the warehouse to the lantern-light by means of the tobacco hogsheads—they had the bond mark, and were under the Queen's lock, being in the Custom's possession—there were 16,000 hogsheads there—two of them had been broken open in No. 1 division, about thirty yards from the light, which was fastened with a cord inside—a person in the warehouse could have opened it by untying the cord—it had been untied—on a pile of hogsheads immediately under the light, I found part of a trowsere brace, a brace button, a piece of soda biscuit, and a rope long enough to reach from the roof to the hogsheads and haul up a package—I found on the Monday another hogshead had been opened—about 90lbs. of tobacco had been taken from one, and from the three hogsheads about 4cwt.—I after wards saw the prisoner in charge—I asked his name—he said, "James Ryan"—I asked why he was in the warehouse—he said he came to sleep—no person had a right to be there—he was not known as a labourer there—I examined him in the warehouse—he wore braces corresponding with this piece; there was a button off the front of his trowsers, the other buttons corresponded with this—I asked where he got the soda biscuits which were in his waistcoat pocket—he said they were ill the pocket when he put it on the night before—he did not say how he came to put on other colthes—he showed me a hole, through which he said he got into the warehouse, near which were some boxes of soda biscuits—one of them had been broken open and was deficient—the sample of tobacco found agrees with that in the hogsheads—I said to the prisoner, "There was a robbery committed in the warehouse this day fortnight, and you ware seen coming out of the warehouse on the Monday morning, as soon as it was opened, you were spoken to, and asked if you worked there, and you said you did"—he made no answer—in going to the east quay to get his own clothes which he had left there, I said to him, "You are know here;

you were stopped in July with some tobacco, for which you had a month"—he made no answer—the warehouse was locked—he could not have got in or out except by the hole—the wall is forty feet high.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you been employed at the docks? A. Thirty-five years—I am not aware that I did wrong in stating things to him to hear what he would say—this tobacco is cut at the end, which it is sometimes, but it is not a common thing.





THOMAS BADNALL
 (policeman, H 190.) I went into the warehouse with Mr. Clements, on the Sunday morning, and found the prisoner lying under the desk, in a landing waiter's box—he had a waistcoat on, with this biscuit in the pocket—some dock Company's papers were found on him—I found one peace of a brace of the same sort as the other piece—he afterwards said if I would take him down to where his own clothes were, he would show me where he got into the warehouse—I took him there, and he pointed out the place where he got in from the east quay warehouse—it was a small hole—there was a ladder there.

Cross-examined. Q What was it? A. Against the partition in the east quay warehouse, which contains sugar—there is a partition between that and the tobacco warehouse.





ROBERT THOMPSON.
 I am foreman in the east quay shed. On the morning of 28th Feb. I saw a soda biscuit-box, No. 209, broken open—when it was landed it weighed 1 quarter 15lbs.—it was weighed again, and was 1 quarter 121lbs.—the biscuits found on the prisoner are of the same kind as those in the chest—we have a great many of them in the dock—I had used this rope on Saturday night—I left it near the hole—it was gone on Monday—the ladder was in the shed in the dock, but outside the warehouse.





WILLIAM TWEEDY.
 I am foreman of the east quay tobacco warehouse. On May, 28th Feb., I found some tobacco had been plundered—the deficiency out out of one cask was 93lbs.—I cannot say what the whole deficiency was—I left them on Saturday night all safe—if any had been broken I should have seen it—I produce a sample of tobacco from the warehouse—it is as near like this found in the bag, as possible—in my judgment they are precisely the same—it is worth about 4s. 6d. a pound, including duty.

Cross-examined. Q. What is it worth without the duty? A. It various from 2 1/2d. to 8d. a pound—it could not leave the dock till the duty was paid.




GUILTY. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.

