




1984. 




DANIEL GARRATT, alias
 Daniel John Garratt, was again




 indicted for stealing, on the 
8th of July, 1 writing-case, value 4l.; 10 sovereigns, and 4 promissory-notes, for divers sums of money, amounting In the whole to 1860l., the property of 



Vaughan Prance; and 





CHARLES MAYNARD, alias
 Charles Gregory Maynard




, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to be stolen.—Other COUNTS, charging Maynard as an accessory after the fact, and describing the property as of the 

Great Western Railway Company; and that Maynard had been before convicted of felony; to which


GARRATT pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 39.—


Transported for Seven Years more.


MESSRS. CLARKSON, BODKIN, and
HUGHES
conducted the Prosecution.






VAUGHAN PRANCE
. I am a solicitor, residing at Nether Stowey, near Bridgwater. On the 8th of July last I was a passenger from London to Bridgwater, by the Great Western Railway—I went by the mailtrain at night—among my luggage I had a writing-case—this now produced is it—I saw it labelled, and put on a truck on the platform, for the purpose of being carried—when I delivered it to the porter, I said, "It is too valuable to lose"—there were several persons about the platform at the time—on my arrival at Bridgwater next morning my case was missing—it contained ten sovereigns, six promissory-notes, and property altogether worth nearly 2000l.—I communicated my loss to the authorities of the Railway Company that same night, immediately on my arrival at Bridgwater—I heard no intelligence of my case until the arrival of this letter, (marked A.,) at Nether Stowey, that is eight miles from Bridgwater—it reached me by post—I did not receive it till the Sunday evening, when I returned from the Winchester Assizes, and found this among a number of other letters—it was in this envelope—the London post-mark is "Old Cavendish-street.

THE HON.—PETRE. The prisoner Garratt formerly lived with me as servant—I had then opportunities of seeing his handwriting—to the best of my belief this letter ("A") is his handwriting—I believe these also resemble bis handwriting ("B" and "D.")

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. When did Garratt leave your service? A. I think in 1837 or 1838—I found him a very honest servant, and always very sober and obliging—I do not know Maynard.


Letter "A" read.—"To Vaughan Prance, Esq., Nether Stowey, Bridg-water, Somerset—Saturday, July 12, 1845.—Sir, Your writing-desk, with leather-case, containing many promissory-notes, and bills of exchange, is safe,—a liberal reward must be paid for its restoration; the present holder of the documents will search out an agent, whose respectability and responsibility is unquestionable; and you must satisfy yourself by his references, that he can be entrusted to negotiate an affair of so confidential a character, as it must be passed through some agency. You will please reply to this letter in the Morning Post, thus:—' Alpha will give £ if all the papers are returned safe. 'This advertisement will be understood—"none but principals will be allowed to interfere."

MR. PRANCE
re-examined. Upon the receipt of that letter, I immediately transmitted it to the Directors of the Great Western Railway Company—I afterwards received this letter ("B") in this cover—it reached ma in the course of post, on July 19—it is dated 18th—(read—"Sir, Unless an advertisement, offering a suitable reward, appears in the Morning Post, on Tuesday next, the valuable documents will be no longer under my control; and will be irrecoverably lost to you.—To Vaughan Prance, Esq., Nether Stowey, Bridgwater.")





JOSEPH COLLARD
. I am superintendent of the Great Western Railway police. I was present after Maynard was taken into custody, when his residence, No. 19, Howland-street, Fitzroy-square, was searched—I knew he was residing there—I have known him for a number of years—I took these short-hand memorandums and papers from his person when I took him into custody.





HENRY GREGORY
. I am a short-hand writer. My knowledge of the art enables me to decipher these papers—here is one dated July 12.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe short-hand varies very much? A. It does—there are many systems of short-hand—these papers were first shown to me by Mr. Nash, about two months ago—he showed me some letters afterwards—I made something out of them before the letters were shown to me—immediately they were put into my hands I translated some of the words—I cannot do that with every school of short-hand, only that one school—I have known the school of short-hand, which Maynard writes, for twelve years—it is the same that I write—I made out several words at once—I made out the remainder by spelling them—I ultimately took the letters and worked them out together, until I had done that, I did not give an entire statement of the contents.

MR. BODKIN. Q. What system of short-hand is this? A. Gurney's—I could give the substance of these papers, without the assistance of the letters at all.





CHARLES NASH
. I am managing clerk to the solicitors for the Great Western Railway Company. I was present when this paper was found at Maynard's house, about five or six days after he was arrested—it was found under the grate, torn up into pieces—I have since put the pieces together, and this is the result.—(This being read, was exactly similar to the letter marked A., the word "very" being added to the sentence "a liberal reward must be paid")

MR. GREGORY
re-examined. I have translated this other paper, and ran pledge myself to its correctness—(this was exactly similar to letter B,)—here is a short-hand copy of the advertisement to be put in the Morning post on the 22nd, and copies of the letters of the 23rd and 24th, marked "D" & "E"






JOSEPH COLLARD

re-examined. These are papers I found on the prisoner,

MR. PRANCE
re-examined. An arrangement was made between me and Mr. Seymour Clark, and an advertisement was inserted in the Morning Post on the 21st of July—I believe this to be a copy of it (marked "C," read—"Alpha is at Morley's Hotel, but will leave Paddington for B----at two o'clock to-morrow; subsequent events have altered the value of the papers lost, which Alpha in an interview can easily show; but a suitable reward is not objected to.") I was in town at that time, and putting up at Morley's Hotel—from the time I first interfered in this matter, down to the prisoner's apprehension, all I did was in communication with the Great Western Railway Company and the police—this letter marked "D," did not reach me on the day it bears date—it was forwarded to me from Morley's Hotel to Nether Stowey—this letter marked "E," I received in the course of post.

Letter "D" read. "To Alpha, Morley's Hotel, Charing-cross (postmark 23rd of July, Edgware-road) 23rd July, 1845. Sir, The agent whom I have selected to arrange the matter referred to in the Morning Post of to-day is unfortunately at Sandhurst, and will not return till Saturday morning next; but I will address a letter to him to-morrow, which he will answer to your residence at B----, and you must name the amount of reward you will give for them; they are nevertheless of real value; to instead of three dots after the£, fill up the sum in letters."

Letter marked "E" read. "Sandhurst, Kent, July 24, 1845. Sir,—a stranger called at my office last week, and represented that he had found a travelling writing-desk and contents, your property. He emphatically asserts that he did not obtain possession of the same dishonestly, for in fact he never received it at all. Now the party has requested me to see you on the subject, and if perfected through my agency, you will be so good as to address a letter to my house, No. 19, Howland-street, Fitzroy-square, London, stating the sum you will give on the papers being given up into your hands. The party is evidently a shrewd man of business, and says the documents are valuable; and further, that no good can be effected with the debtors unless the creditor has them back again. He has thrown out a hint that 100l. ought to be paid as a reward, but he will take 50l., which sum he will have paid into my hands ere he restores the papers, accompanied with a redemption on your part from any ulterior proceedings in the event of future occurrences. The cash may be safely deposited in my hands, as you will soon know upon an interview, and the papers not in my possession brought to my office within two hours afterwards. I shall be in town on Saturday morning, but must return again into Kent early on Wednesday morning, so I trust the matter will be arranged satisfactorily on or before Tuesday. I reckon the party is acting under the tuition of some sharp practitioner. I am, Sir, your obedient servant,





" CHARLES MAYNARD."



MR. PRANCE
re-examined. As these letters came into my hands I immediately sent them to Mr. Clark, of the railway—I came up to London on the 4th of August, I believe—I went to the terminus of the Great Western Railway, and there learnt that an appointment had been made with Maynard—I remained there some time—I did not see him that day, hut I believe he came—Mr. Nash showed me a letter addressed to Mr. Clark, in consequence of that I was directed to attend on the following morning, Tuesday, the 5th, at nine o'clock—I went, and found Mr. Nash—the prisoner, Maynard, came there that morning—Mr. Nash introduced me to him

and Maynard immediately began by telling me that he was a most respectable and responsible man, and a man of very large commercial dealings—he began to give me his references—he gave Messrs. Fennelland Co., of Bedford-row, as his solicitors, who had done a great deal of business for him—I stopped him, and said I did not want his references, for I should pay no money until I had ray desk and my papers—I showed him the anonymous letters which have been read, and asked if they were in the handwriting of his principal—he said they were—he looked at them—I took them all up, and showed them to him—I had a good deal of conversation with him about the sura to be paid for the restoration of this property—25l. was ultimately named—he at first wanted 40l.—I said I would give no such sum—he wanted me to accept his undertaking to restore the desk after I had paid him the money—I told him I would do no such thing, for bis principal was a great rascal, and however he might be disposed to perform his undertaking, his principal might put it out of his power to do so, in which case I should lose money and desk too, and I did not feel disposed to run that risk—he asked me whether there was any money in the case—I told him I thought he ought to know as well as I did, and I asked him if there was not ten sovereigns in it—he said, "Yes"—I then asked him how his principal came by it—he said he had stumbled over it in a bye-road, it was open, but all the papers were quite safe in it, and the money also—(my name and address is on the outside leather case, and upon a great many of the deeds inside)—I said it was of no use to tell me that, for it was stolen, to which he replied, "I should say so too"—the arrangement I made with him was reduced to writing, this is it—(read)" London, August 5, 845. Sir, In consideration of your having agreed, and hereby agreeing to band over to me my writing-desk, with its contents, consisting of six promissory notes and various other documents and papers, I hereby undertake to pay you the sum of 25l. immediately on receipt of the same. Vaughan Prance"—there are some words struck out—they are, "which were stolen from me"—he objected to those words, and said he would not have the undertaking if those words were in it—I repeated that they were stolen, and he said, "Oh, we understand all about that"—I do not know whether they were struck out before or after I signed it—they were struck out with my knowledge—I was afterwards at the Guildhall Coffee-house, in company with Mr. Nash.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you alone with Maynard at this meeting, or in company with Mr. Nash? A. I was with Mr. Nash—he heard all that passed—either I or Mr. Nash put my pen through the words "which were stolen from me"—Maynard did not say throughout, that he believed them to have been found, because, on my saying they were stolen from me, he said, "I should say so too"—I do not recollect anything passing about a cab—he did not infer that they might have been originally stolen, then dropped, and found by his principal—that was certainly not the inference I drew from what he said—I do not think he knew who Mr. Nash was—I do not know whether he was introduced to him—Mr. Nash occasionally joined in the conversation—I conducted the principal part of it—I did not go for the purpose of getting his statement, and subsequently making use of it in a court of justice—I went there to see the person who pretended that he could restore to me my papers—I did not mean to pay him any money, certainly—my object was to discover the thief—I intended to prosecute the person who I believed to be the thief.

Q. Did you intend to prosecute the person who advertised the return of

this property? A. I cannot tell who I intended to prosecute, because I intended to be guided by circumstances—what he said was not extorted from him, to be used against him—Mr. Nash and I had not settled before we went that he was to be given into custody; because if he had given up his principal instantly, there would have been an end of it—if he had convinced me that he had only been acting bond fide, of course I should not have given him in charge—I am sure he asked me whether there was any money in the case; he also asked me whether there was any silver in it—I do not think I made any reply to that—I then asked him if there were not ten sovereigns in the case, and he said there were—Maynard subsequently put the case into my hands at the Guildhall coffee-house—at that time it had no sovereigns in it—Garratt was not apprehended for some time afterwards—Maynard said his principal looked like a publican—he did not say he was a person who wore large whiskers—he said he would do the best he could to find him.

Q. Have you any doubt that Garratt was apprehended in consequence of the account given by Maynard? A. I cannot form any conclusion on that point, because I do not know what were the circumstances that led to Garratt's apprehension—I was in the country at the time—Mr. Nash told me he was apprehended—he did not tell me it was through the description given of him by Maynard—nothing was said at the Guildhall coftee-house about Maynard's being a witness—Mr. Nash was not left alone with Maynard there—I went out for about three minutes, but left Collard there—I was not away more than three minutes—I left quite accidentally—it was on that occasion that the desk was given up to me—Maynard brought if in himself—at that time there were no sovereigns in it—I do not think I spoke to him about the sovereigns not being there—he did not, on that occasion, express the greatest readiness to give all the information in his power—he said his principal was a stranger, and he did not know when he would call on him—Mr. Nash asked him when he would come to receive the money—he said he did not know, he could not tell when he might come, he was a perfect stranger to him, but if Mr. Nash would give him time, he would do all he could—that was all that passed, to the best of my recollection—he was then given into custody—he was not in an excited state—I thought him remarkably cool.

MR. BODKIN. Q. From the time you first saw or had any communication with him, down to the time of his being taken into custody, did he continue to represent the person he was acting for as a stranger to him? A. Entirely so.





CHARLES NASH

re-examined. I am one of the principal clerks in the house of Stevens, Maple, and Co.; Mr. Stevens, one of the partners, it solicitor to the Great Western Railway Company. On Friday, the 1st of Aug., I was sent for to Paddington by Mr. Clark, the superintendent—on the next day I went to the station—Maynard did not come—a man brought this letter from him—I afterwards showed this, with others, to Maynaid, and said, "I suppose these are your letters?" and he said, "They are"—(read—"No. 19, Howland-street, Fitzroy-square, and 3, Charrington-street, Somers-town, Aug. 2. Sir,—I regret extremely that my engagements arc so numerous I cannot possibly call on you to-day or Monday, &c. The stranger docs not appear to be a needy man, so terms must be agreed on ere I can render you the aid you require, for he is invulnerable. I neither know his address, nor the exact time he may call on me this afternoon. It would be a waste of time to scrutinize me,

for I know no particulars, and it can only be perfected through my agency. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, CHARLES MAYNARD. To Mr. Seymour Clark.")—that letter was brought by a messenger—Mr. Clark wrote a time on a card, which was sent back—this is the card—an appointment was made for the Monday, at four o'clock, at the Paddington station—Mr. Clark waited till six, and then leftmeto attend to the business, if Maynard should come—he came between six and seven, and asked for Mr. Clark—I told him he was gone to dinner, and asked if his name was Maynard—he said yes—I told him I could attend to the business—he said, "No, no, I ran only speak to a principal"—I said, "I know all about it as well as Mr. Clark, and I can speak to you"—I asked him into a private room—he at last said, "As you seem to know it we can enter upon it"—he offered me some references—I said I wanted none, as the company could not part with any money, and it appeared to me there were only three ways in which a restoration of the property could be effected, but that would be for Mr. Prance's consideration, not mine, for the object of the company was to know who was the thief, who was his principal—he said, if 40l. was paid, the property could be produced within two hours—I said I thought no such sum as 40l. could be paid, but that was entirely for Mr. Prance to consider; the great object of the company was to know who was the thief, for we had so many of these robberies that it was impossible but some of the railway people must be in them—he said he did not know either the name or address of his principal—he said so three or four times (Mr. Prance was at this time in an adjoining room)—I asked how hit principal came by it—he said he did not know—he then said, "Cabmen do these things," or, "We know cabmen often do these things"—I said, "It was quite impossible in this case, for it was stolen off our platform, and I will tell you how it occurred: Mr. Prance was a passenger by the mailtrain to Bridgwater; he had this case in his hand; the porter persuaded him to deliver it up to him, and when he ar-rived he found it was stolen; therefore cabmen had nothing at all to do with it"—he talked about the amount to be paid for the restoration—that was discussed several times—I said, "Don't you know how your principal comes by it? it is very strange you should undertake this sort of business for a man you don't know anything about"—he said he had picked it up in the road, or stumbled over it in the road—I said, "How came you to be employed in this?"—he said, "I will tell you how I was employed; a stranger called at my office, and the first thing I asked him was who had referred him to me, for I always require references from everybody I do business with; he said, 'No one;' I said then I could not undertake his business; he said, 'Yes, I think you can when I tell you what it is: I have some property belonging to a gentleman, which I wish to restore to him, and I think you will undertake the business for him'"—Maynard continued, "I listened to this story; I thought I could be of some use to the party who owned the property, and I undertook it"—I said, "Don't you know his name or address, or where he lives?"—he said, "No, I don't, he is an entire stranger to me"—I said, "Why, you must meet him, and see him, to make this communication to him"—he said, "Yes, but he calls on me"—I asked if he could tell where he lived, or the initials of his name—these questions were repeated several times—he said no, he could not, he knew nothing at all about him, he was an entire stranger to him—I told him it was firmly believed that there was a railway man in these robberies, and he must either bring his principal there, or let me see him, or give me the

initials of his name, or lot me know where he lived; nothing else would satisfy the company—he said, "I should say he is not a railway man, he is like a publican."

COURT. Q. Is Garratt a railway man? A. No.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did he give you any description as to his appearance or circumstances? A. He said he was not a needy man—it was at the next interview that he described him.

Q. You say you mentioned to him three modes as to the restoration of the property? A. Yes, I said, "Either your principal must entrust you with the property, and allow you to take the money too, (which he said his principal would not do;) or you will require the company to entrust you with the money, which they will not do; or you must give your principal an undertaking, and take one"—he seemed to listen to that, and thought that would be the course he should adopt—he asked me what was in the parcel—I told him I understood there were bills of exchange and promissory-notes—he asked if there was any money—I said I believed there were some sovereigns—he said, "That, of course, cannot be expected to be returned"—I said, "No, certainly not"—he at the same time held in his hands his pocket-book and some papers, and said his principal had dictated to him the terms upon which he would restore the property, and he had copied them down in short-hand—I said, "Do you write short-hand?"—he said, "Yes, I do"—he then said, "I will read to you the paper"—this is the paper he had—it has been translated—as far as I remember, it was, "Agree for 40l.; destroy all letters; an indemnity or undertaking;" and a fourth clause, which I do not recollect—I also saw in his hands this short-hand paper—its peculiar appearance struck me—it has since been translated, and turns out to be a copy of the contents of the case, partly in short-hand and partly in long-hand—I walked with him to the window, and said, "It is very strange your principal does not come himself, if he is an honest man, because he must pay you something for your trouble—he said, "It is usual to pay five per cent, in these cases, but he will take 50l., and I shall get five per cent, on that"—after telling him that nothing short of knowing who his principal was, or how he came by the property, would satisfy the company; and advising him, for bis own protection, to ascertain who he was, and make some arrangement upon it, which he was to consider of, we made an appointment for nine o'clock that night (Monday the 4th)—he did not come, but sent this letter—I conversed with him afterwards upon it—(read—"19, Howland-street, Aug. 4, 1845. Sir, I can obtain possession of the property for 40l., and will see you or the owner of the same at nine, or half-past, next morning. Charles Maynard. To Mr. Clark.")—Next morning he came again to the station—I then introduced Mr. Prance to him, and said, "Now tell Mr. Prance yourself all you have to say"—some conversation then took place, among other things, the amount to be paid was discussed, which was ultimately reduced to 22l. 10s.—at the same time, when he arranged that with Mr. Prance, I said to him, "You know what we were talking about yesterday; nothing will satisfy the company but knowing who is your principal—whether we prosecute him or not will be quite another question; but we must know whether he is a railway man or not; it is worth everything to us to know that."

Q. Was this a proceeding to which you had recourse to lead him to suppose you intended to pay money for the parcel, which you never intended,

but to give him into custody? A. If he had given me a satisfactory account of his principal, or a story I could believe for a moment, I think I should have paid him the money—I cannot say what I should have done under the circumstances—certainly, if I had had a satisfactory account, I should have paid the money—I inquired several times in the presence of Mr. Prance, if he had seen his principal—my great object was to ascertain who his principal was, and I told him so over and over again—I said, "Give me the initial of his name—take me to him, or bring him here"—he said he had not ascertained his name or address—he brought this undertaking ready prepared, and said this was the undertaking his principal would take—I said, "Of course this must be addressed to your principal as well as yourself?"—he said, "No, no, only to myself—(This paper was similar to the one already read, only omitting the word "six")—I said, "You only say here, a writing-desk and promissory-notes; there is nothing specific"—I said to Mr. Prance, "You had better call over a list of the property, and see that it is right"—he did so, and Maynard checked it—it was found correct, except as to one promissory note—he banded me this undertaking to copy—I introduced the words, "Which were stolen from me,' "handed it over to Mr. Prance, and he signed it—I then read it aloud, and Maynard said, "I object to those words, "which were stolen from me"—"Why, said Mr. Prance, so it was stolen; you don't mean to say it was not stolen?"—"Yes, yes," said Maynard, "we understand all that, but I object to this appearing in the undertaking"—I then took my pen, crossed it out, and said, "Well, whether it is in or not, it is not very material"—Maynard then said he would go and get the case immediately—he wanted to go at once, but it was not convenient to all of us—Mr. Prance said he wanted to go to his banker's for the money, and the meeting was proposed to be postponed for an hour or an hour and a half—the half-past ten o'clock train was coming in as Maynard left—we met at the Guildhall Coffee-house at twelve—Maynard then said there were not six promissory notes, there were only five—some discussion took place about that, and the 25l. that was to be paid was agreed to be reduced to 22l. 10s., which, if Mr. Prance found he had got the sixth note at home, was to be made 25l.—Maynard then went for the case—he was not gone a minute, certainly not two minutes—he went out of the room, I may say, bolted out—I said to Mr. Prance, "He is gone"—we were just considering whether he was or not, when he re-appeared at the door with the case under his arm—he said, "Here"—the papers were called over, and Mr. Prance said as far as he was concerned, he was satisfied—I then said, on the part of the Company, I must request him to tell me who was his principal, or where he got the case from, at that moment—I said, "You must have left it somewhere in the neighbourhood"—he said he would not tell where he had left it, or give the name of his principal—I said that would not do for the Company—I offered to go with him anywhere if he would tell where his principal was to be seen—I said, "Where are you to meet him to give him the money?"—he said, "He is to call on me, I don't know where he lives, or anything about him; he is an entire stranger"—he appealed to Mr. Prance—Mr. Prance said he left it to the Company; as soon as we were satisfied, whatever I required he would do—after talking to him for more than half an hour, and urging Him in various ways, I called in Collard—I told Maynard who he was, and gave him into custody for having stolen property in his possession, and for attempting

to negotiate with Mr. Prance—at that time I had not the slightest idea that Garratt was the thief, or that Maynard and Garratt were acquainted—he never gave me the name of Garratt his his principal, or any information that led me to him—I went to Maynard's office, in Howland-street, a few days after his arrest, and found the draft of the letter of Aug. 12, which has been read, in the grate, torn up, with these other papers.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe at the police-court, on the first examination, you were offered the address of Garratt? A. Certainly not—not by anybody, nor the address of a person said to be the principal—the first meeting was at the Great Western Railway station on Monday, and the case was brought on the Tuesday at noon—I went to the Guildhall Coffee-house, perfectly understanding it would be brought back, and for the purpose of receiving it.





JOSEPH COLLARD

re-examined. I took the prisoner into custody, and took these papers and this book from his person—I afterwards went to a house in Charrington-street, Somer's-town, where Maynard lodged—I saw a female there who represented herself as Mrs. Maynard—I took possession of some papers which I found there—this letter, marked "M.," was one of them—(read in part, dated the 12th of July, addressed to Miss Harriett Maxstead, Sandhurst, as follows:—"You are right when you say that 1 must to business, and hard work it will be to get to you next Wednesday, for I have another business matter to settle some day in next week, which may be from 10l. to 25l. in my way, a smaller affair than the one I gained 50l. by in May last.")





HENRY GREGORY

re-examined. This book is a journal, written partly in long and partly in short-hand—this is my transcript of it—(the transcript was read by Mr. Bodkin, and checked by the witness with the original, as follows:—"May 14, with me Garratt."—"Thursday, 16th, re-Garratt and the check 1022—Garratt—paid him 2s. 12s. 14"—"Friday, May 16, 1 to 2, re-read, and the check affair explained"—"Saturday, 17th, 9, Garratt on me, and gave him 2s. 6d. for Bible and three other books"—"Monday, May 19, G. S. on him with Garratt about the shares"—"Tuesday, May 20, G. S. on me Garratt—on G. S. and me at 10 clock—I clock, G.S. on me and Garratt"—"Wednesday, May 21, G. S. and Garratt at Argyle"—"Thursday, May 22, 3 and 4 at noon"—"Tuesday, May 27, 12. G. S. at Kidd's, half-past 1—for Garratt at Kidd's, Weymouth-st., half-past 5, to Garratt and to G. S. to write Alpha"—"Thursday, May 29, Garratt on him early"—"June 2, 10 to 11, B. Esq., St. Mildred's-court, note Garratt for early 3rd"—"June 3rd, 11, Garratt at Farthing-pie-house, New-road, quarter to 12, home, but in great fear of the officer"—"Wednesday, June 4, It. D. at 1, and ask for carpet-bag"—"Thursday, June 5, 12, G. S. G—and Co., to sec for Garratt up-stairs"—"Tuesday, June 17, Garratt before 10, Mr. Roberts, Dolphin"—"June 20, Garratt, and appoint half-past 12, It. II. Nelson"—"June 24, note to Garratt, and see G. S. about 1—1, Garratt and G. S., King's Head"—"June 25, 5 minutes past 11, Garratt and G. S. corner of Francis-street, to say you are not to call at my office"—"Thursday, 26, Garratt on him"—"Saturday, June 28, half-past 10. Garratt at R. H., Nelson's Arms"—"July 8, re-Garratt on him at 19, Queen-street"—"Thursday, July 10, at 19, Queen-street, Garratt to breakfast"—"July 11, half-past 9, on Mr. Garratt, No. 19"—"July 12, 9. Garratt to breakfast"—"Monday, July 14, 11. Garratt Black Horse, High-street, Mary lebone"—"July 16, Garratt at Jones.

Fennell and Kenny speak to, &c, Menzies as a referee"—"Thursday, July 17, Garratt at Jones, and see the Morning Post first, or 4 at Garratt, 19"—"Friday, July 18, 7. Garratt—5 on Garratt"—"Saturday, July 19, half-past 3, Garratt—did not call there"—"July 23, write Garratt today—write Sandhurst, and see her before Thursday morning—ditto, a letter to-morrow from there to Alpha—a quarter to 6, Old Cavendish-street, re-Garratt"—"July 26, Garratt on him—Garratt on him"—"Monday, August 4, write G. S.")

Q. Some of that, you say, is written in short-hand, and some in ordinary writing; do you find that the name of Garratt is always written there in short-hand? A. Not always—on the 17th of May it is written in the ordinary hand, and on the 21st of July I find "Garratt" written in long hand—(looking at some short-hand papers found on Maynard)—I have made transcripts of these, but can read the originals—(reading from the short-hand—"The writer hereof is—, who has deputed an agent and a man of integrity to negociate this matter, and with you alone, with whom you must deposit—l. in gold, as directed, first satisfying you that it will safely be done, accompanied by a redemption on your part from any ulterior proceedings in the event of future occurrences. The agent knows not—, neither is he acquainted with his name, but—first satisfied himself that it must be accomplished through some agency, and if perfected through his channel"—then there is a word which I cannot well make out—"still let—emphatically assert that he did not receive possession of the property dishonestly, for, in fact, he never received it at all. First, whom have I the pleasure of addressing? Secondly, if two parties come, civilly say' Who is the principal?' If conversation is going on, put a stop to it by saying, 'I can only confine myself to the terms of advertisement. Does not your advertisement (rest confessed) show that you look upon it—for, in truth, you are a party to the compromise. If they ask, 'How can you mix yourself up in such a matter?' say, 'You would never have obtain possession of the box without my agency; and is it not better to receive it from the hands of a respectable agent in preference to the stained and dirty channel of a practised thief?'"—here is another paper—(reading) "Finally, all letters which have been addressed to—to be placed in the hands of an agent. On the various—, as advertised, the contents of the box being restored, I undertake, on behalf of the claimant, to waive any proceedings either legally or criminally, and accept the terms consented to by—in the Times of Monday. It appears from your searching scrutiny that I must give up a matter not enviable to hands more capable of conducting it than myself. You must give up the letters, and with it a redemption in writing from any proceedings against the party or his agent. The conditions annexed to your advertisement offering—l. reward on a satisfactory explanation of the circumstances, would deter any man, even if his character were as pure as the driven snow, from giving them up")—there is no date to these—this is a paper found on Maynard: "I O U, Mr. Daniel Garratt, 3l. 5s. CHARLES MAYNARD. July 30, 1845. No. 19, Howland-street. Also for a silk scarf."





LOUISA LUDEMAN
. I live at No. 19, Queen-street, Edgware-road. The prisoner Garratt lodged there for six weeks, and left on the 12th of Aug.—I have seen Maynard there—he used to inquire for Mr. Garratt when he came—he saw Garratt there—I do not remember the last time he came there—it might be about a fortnight before Garratt left—I have seen them together.

----ROBERTS. I keep the Dolphin public-house, in Oxford-street. I have known Garratt since last Christmas, and Maynard for some time before that, I cannot say exactly how long—I have been in the habit of seeing them together at my house from last Christmas down to the time of their being taken into custody—I cannot speak to seeing them in June and July—I saw them in May—they used not to come very often—Garratt lodged at my house somewhere about three months—he left about the last week in June or the first week in July, I cannot tell which—I have not seen them together since Garratt left my house—I saw Garratt and Maynard together at my house on the 17th of May—I might have seen them together afterwards, but I do not recollect any particular day—they appeared to be quite intimate.

MR. PRANCE
re-examined. This is my case, and the one that was stolen on the night in question—I saw the contents before the Magistrate—the money is not in it—the securities are all here except one—that has never been restored—the case was not broken open—it must have been unlocked by somebody—it is a Bramah lock, and is not at all injured—I am perfectly sure it was locked when I took it out of town, and it was inside this other case.





JOSEPH COLLARD

re-examined. I produce a certificate of Maynard's former conviction—(read—Convicted on the 29th of May, 56th Geo. III., of larceny in the dwelling-house of James Pitt, and transported for seven years.)
(James Pitt was called, on his subpœna, but did not appear.)




GUILTY, but not of the previous conviction.
 Aged 47.—


Transported for



Fourteen Years.

