



899. 




JOHN BIRD
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 purse, value 6d; 1 half-crown, and 2 sixpences; the goods of 



George Lintell Riddell, from the person of 



Louisa Riddell.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






LOUISA RIDDELL.
 I am the wife of George Lintell Riddell—he lives at Queenhithe. On the evening of the 15th of March I went on board a steamboat at Westminster-bridge, for the purpose of coming down the river to London-bridge—I paid before I went on board—I had a purse then safe in my pocket—it had a half-crown and two sixpences in it—I was accompanied by a friend—nothing occurred till I got to her pier at London-bridge—there were a good many people on board—when the boat arrived are proceeded to go on shore—I had got out of the boat, and was going along, when potter, the policeman, spoke to me—I searched my pocket, and my purse was gone—I turned and saw Potter collar the prisoner—the prisoner put his hand an his pocket and took my purse out—I endeavoured to seize his hand, and the purse fell to the ground—I heard some persons say, "Here lies the purse,"—it was picked up and handed to me—it was the same purse I had had in my possession—I examined it, and the contents were the same—this is it.





CHARLES POTTER
 (police-constable K 112.) On Monday, the 15th of March, I went on board a steam-boat at Hungerford—I was in plain clothes—in going through the first bridge I observed the prisoner and three others parading up and down the boat—I knew one of the others, and I kept an eye on the parties—I afterwards saw Mr. Riddell and another lady leaving the steam-boat—they came up the hatchway on the dummy—the prisoner closed up to her, and one of his companions was covering him—the prisoner had this macintosh on his left arm—he put his hand into Mr. Riddell's pocket, and drew out something—I went to her and said, "Have not you lost something?"—she said, "Yes, my purse"—I said, "Come back with me"—we went back, and met the prisoner with three others—I seized him, and received a violent kick from him—I thought my leg was broken—I saw the purse fall, and I tried to get it, but my hat was knocked off, and I could not—I was very much ill used, but the check-taker and another person came to my assistance—I was off duty twelve days on account of my leg.






RICHARD THOMAS HILL.
 I am the check-taker at the Old Shade's pier—Potter came and paid me—he turned back and seized the prisoner, who had the purse at his feet—I saw Clavene pick it up.





JOSEPH CLAVENE.
 I am employed on the Old Shades-pier, London-bridge. On Monday evening, the 15th of March, I saw Potter have hold of the prisoner—I saw this purse on the dummy—it could not have been more than ten inches from the prisoner's feet—I picked it up, and gave it to the lady.

Prisoner's Defence. I was coming up the pier, and the policeman laid hold of me by the collar; I tried to pull away, and I heard some one say, "Here is the purse;" the policeman said I chucked the purse away; I never had it.




GUILTY. Aged 18.—


Transported for ten years.

