




2774. 




GEORGE CAPPER
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
12th of Sept., 14 spoons, value 30s.; and 1 fork, 1s.; the goods of 



Frederick Barnett, his master; and 





JOHN O'BRIEN



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.; to which


CAPPER pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—



Confined Six Months.






FREDERICK BARNETT
. I am an ironmonger, and live in Oxford-street. Capper was in my service—I have missed some cutlery, some spoons, and a fork—I told Capper if he would tell me every thing I would forgive him—he told me a great deal—I went to the office, and got a search warrant—I went to O'Brien's house, and found six spoons secreted among some rags under the counter—I have examined these spoons, and believe them to be mine—one of them has my mark on it, and I believe this fork to be mine—O'Brien is a marine-store dealer—I do not know whether he deals in spoons.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Have you any partners? A. No—I saw O'Brien's wife and another female at his shop—no resistance was made—these spoons are called British plate, and are made at Sheffield—they are worth about 2s. each—they cost us 14s. a dozen, and we sell them for 22s.—I can speak to this one with my private mark on it—the others are by my maker—he sends a great many to town—Capper had been in my service ten or eleven weeks—I told him if he told me the truth I would pardon him—I intended that his pardon should depend on his showing me where the articles were.





ROBERT LISTER
 (police-constable C 143.) About four o'clock on Saturday afternoon, I went to O'Brien's shop in Monmouth-court. I told him I had a warrant to search, and read it to him—he said, "Very well"—he w a marine-store dealer—they do not generally deal in spoons—I found these six spoons concealed under the counter among some rags, and these others in a small caddy up stairs—this fork and spoon were under some leather—he gave me no explanation—I accompanied him down stairs, and said, "How about these knives?"—he said, "You don't suppose I was novice enough to keep knives with the maker's name on the blade"—he did not tell me where he got any of the other articles.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you been in the police? A. Five years and upwards—O'Brien made use of the expression about the knives in going down stairs—I have always had a recollection about it—I will not say positively whether I mentioned it before the Magistrate, I believe I did—I believe it was in my depositions—I will not swear either way—I might have omitted to notice it—on the way to the station O'Brien said he had purchased the spoons of a hawker in July last—it appears that I did not say before the Magistrate about his being such a novice—(looking at his deposition)—I think I mentioned it to Mr. Barnett—O'Brien offered us every facility—I found some pewter melted down, and some sheet-lead among the rags—there were no other things on that exact spot.





FREDERICK BARNETT

re-examined. Q. Do a good many other persons serve in your shop besides Capper? A. Only one, and he is here—I did not show Lister any of my knives; I described some of them to him at the Police-office before the search-warrant was granted—I described them more particularly in going along—I have seen Lister since the prisoner was committed, and he has spoken to me about the matter—I mentioned at the office that my name was on the knives.

(Richard Weeks Burnford, shoemaker; Michael Shea, tailor; and Timothy O'Brien, coal and coke dealer, gave O'Brien a good character.)

O'BRIEN†—


GUILTY
. Aged 43.—


Transported for Ten Years.

