



1157. 




MARY HARRINGTON
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Margaret Whitehand, on the 
29th of March, at 
St. Giles-in-the-Fields, about eleven in the night, and stealing therein 1 bed, value 5s.; 1 bolster, value 1s.; 1 sheet, value 1s.; 1 quilt, value 3s.; 1 bonnet, value 1s.; 2 caps, value 6d.; 1 saucepan, value 1s.; 1 apron, value 1s.; 1 tea-pot, value 6d.; and 5 plates, value 3d.; her property: and that the had been before convicted of felony






MARGARET WHITEHAND
. I am a widow, and live in Church-lane, St. Giles-in-the-Fields. On the 29th of March I went out about seven o'clock—I returned between ten and eleven o'clock at night, and found the prisoner in my room—the staple of the door had been drawn—I had left it padlocked, and had the key—I do not know how the door was after seven o'clock—the padlock was forced off the door—it is a lodging-house—I have a separate room—the landlord does not live in the house.





ANN GUMMER
. I am the wife of William Gummer, and live in Buckeridge-street, the next street to the prosecutrix. On the night of the 29th of March the prisoner brought a bundle to me about ten o'clock, or a little after—I believe it was an apron and two caps—she said she had quarreled with her husband—about a quarter of an hour after she brought a bolster, quilt, and saucepan, begging me to take care of them till the morning.





ROBERT LAY
 (police-constable E 44.) I was called to the prosecutrix about eleven o'clock, and found the prisoner lying on a bed a little way from the door—the padlock was forced off, and the staple drawn—some things produced by Gummer were returned to the prosecutrix—I produce the saucepan and quilt.





MARGARET WHITEHAND

re-examined. These are my things.

Prisoner's Defence. I was in liquor, and thought I was in my own room.





RICHARD COOPER
. (police-constable E 46.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—the prisoner is the person named in that certificate—I was present at the trial—(read.)




GUILTY. Aged 18.—Of Breaking and Entering, but not of Burglary.




Transported for Ten Years.
