



565. 




JAMES PICKETT
 was again indicted

 for stealing 1 cream-jug, value 14s.; the goods of 



Henry Drummond; having been before convicted.






EMILY HENDERSON
. I live at 102, Gloucester-place, Portman-square. Dr. Drummond lives at 103—on Monday, 10th Jan., about two o'clock in the day, I was in George-street, nearly opposite where I live—I saw a person, not the prisoner, looking at my house, and apparently taking memorandums—I

afterwards saw a man on the steps of my own door—he put his hand on the railings and vaulted over to Dr. Drummond's area steps—I was then about eight doors off—I was not able to see who it was—I went to my own door and knocked, and I saw the prisoner in Dr. Drummond's area at the coal-celler door—I saw him put something into the pocket of a large jacket—he than walked to the area door, took out a pocket-book and pencil, and flourished the pencil about—I was looking very intently at him—I am sure he is the man—I was at the door five minutes—my servant came to the door—I pointed to the prisoner, and said, "There is a thief!"—I went into my house for a minutes or two, then came out and saw the same person running up the area steps—he pushed my servant aside, jumped over the rails again and ran violently away—I looked afterwards at Dr. Drummond's window, and saw a cream jug laying in the window on its side—there was no other plate there—I have not the slightest doubt that the prisoner is the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You had the opportunity to observe him? A. Yes; I think there was not any one looking at him beside me—he looked round rather coutiously before he jumped into the area—I am sure the person I saw run away was the person I had seen before.





THOMAS WHEATLEY
. I am servant to Mr. Henderson. About two o'clock, on 10th Jan., I answered the door—I found my mistress there—she told me there was a thief in the area of the next house, and pointed out the prisoner—I went to the area of No, 103, and asked him what he did there—he made no answer—I saw him take something out of his right-hand cost pocket, and put it in the window—he then came up, got over the gate, and ran away as fast as he could—I made an attempt to lay hold of him when he was getting over the gate, but did not did not succeed—I ran after him about 300 yards—I was close to him when the officer laid hold of him—he is the same person who was stopped, and the same who was in the area—I never lose sight of him.





ROBERT MULHAM
 (policeman, B 180.) On 10th Jan., about two o'clock I was at the corner of Adam-street—I heard a cry a of "Stop, thief!" saw the prisoner running towards me, and stooped him—Wheatley came up immediately—he said he had attempted a felony at 103, Gloucester-place—the Prisoner said, "You may search me, I have got nothing"—I took him back to 103, Gloucester-place.





ELIZABETH REEVES
. I am house maid to Dr. Drummond, of 103, Gloucester-place, Portman-square, next door to Mr. Henderson's About eleven o'clock on Monday, 10th Jan., I brought down the breakfast's thing, and put them on the dresser in the pantry, which is near the window—there was a cream-jug with them, and some spoons—about two o'clock the area bell rang—I went down—the pantry window was then a little way open—(i did not notice whether it was open when I put the things there)—the cream-jug was just inside the window, laying on its side on some wine-glasses—that was not where I had left it—this is it—it is the property if Dr. Henry Drummond.

Cross-examined. Q. Who had care of the plate? A. George Wond—I think he was out when I brought the jug down—Dr. Drummond has other servants.





GEORGE WOND
. I am in the service of Dr. Henry Drummond. About two clock on Monday, 10th Jan., I was at dinner in the kitchen with the other servants—the area bell rang—the under-housemaid told me something, and I went into the pantry—the plate was perfectly right in the pantry—the cream-jug was in the window—the window was shut, but was not fastened—the

policeman said he wanted the stolen plate—I said it was not stolen, it was all right—I afterwards went and brought up the cream-jug, and gave it to Dr. Drummond—he gave it to the policeman—this is it.





DR. HENRY DRUMMOND
. This is my cream-jug—the "E. M." on it are the initials of a Mr. Morris.





WILLIAM GOULD
 (policeman, D 62.) I went to 103, Gloucester-place, and got this jug—I searched the prisoner there, and found on him this pocket-book and door key.





EMILY HENDERSON

re-examined. I saw the prisoner put something into his pocket—it was exactly like this cream-jug—I have not the least doubt that this is it—the pocket-book he had was like this one.





ROBERT BRANDFORD
 (policeman, 12 M.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted March, 1845, and confined six months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

