



981. 




GEORGE WALFORD
 was indicted

 for feloniously cutting and wounding 



Zachariah Longman on the head and face, with intent to murder him.—Two other counts, stating his intent to be to maim and disable and to do him some grievous bodily harm.


MR. BALDWIN
conducted the prosecution.






ANN LONGMAN
. I am the wife of Zachariah Longman. On the 22nd of March last we lived in Britannia-street, city-road—we occupied the two parlours—the prisoner lodge in the same house, in the second floor front room—on the 22nd of March last, about twelve o'clock at night, I was with my husband in the back parlour—the prisoner came there, and had some talk about the landlord—we sent for some ale—the prisoner drank one glass, my husband and I parktook of it, and the remainder was put into a bottle, and was drank the second time the prisoner came—he went into his own room, and my husband went to light him up—the prisoner came down shortly afterwards to my back door—he asked for his dog—I was making the

bed, and told him I had not got the dog, that it was up stairs—he put up his fist at the back of my head—he did not strike me, he only attempted to do so—I said, "What did you do that for, Mr. Walford?"—he went out into the street after that—he was not many minutes out—he came back, went up stairs, came down again, and cried, "Fire!" in the passage—I was in the front parlour—I went out to see what was the matter, and he caught me by the hair of my. head, and put his hands under my throat—I had only said to him that his dog was up stairs—I called out to my husband, and said, "For God's sake, take him away, he will murder me!"—my husband came to my assistance—I saw him put his left hand to release me from the prisoner, and I saw the prisoner's right hand at my husband's face—I saw my husband's face bleeding—I took him by some part of his clothes, and got him into the street—he was bleeding dreadfully—the policeman came, and bound up the wound—I cried out, "Murder!" and "police!"—the prisoner left, and went up stairs—they took my husband to the hospital—I was called by the the first floor lodger—I went up and found the razor now produced on the landing between the doors of the back and front rooms on the first floor—I gave it to the policeman—I do not know whether this is it—it was a black handled one—there was a little blood on the blade—I saw some wet spots of blood on the landing-place where the razor was—I could not judge whether it was from the razor or not—it was only a very small quantity.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY.
Q. I believe you or you husband went out for some dog's-meat for him? A. No; he asked me to go and find his dog—he said he would go out and busy some dog's-meat himself—he is married, and has a family—we never had any words before—I have been in the habit of taking in letters and messages for him and his wife.





ZACHARIAH LONGMAN.
 On the night of the 22nd of March my wife called for my assistance—I ran to her—she was in the passage with the prisoners—I did not speak to the prisoner—he took both hands, came at me, and cut me on the side of the head—I was carried to the hospital on a stretcher—the wounds found on me at the hospital were what the prisoner then inflicted.

 Cross-examined. Q. Were you struggling with him at the time you received the wounds? A. Yes, to prevent his coming at my wife—he had her by the throat—she was crying out, "For God's sake come and assist me."





JOHN BEMERSIDE HAIG.
 I was house-surgeon at St. Bartholomew's Hospital on the 23rd of March, between one two o'clock in the morning, when Longman was brought there—he was in a very exhausted state from loss of blood—there was a wound on the left side of his head and face, about four inches long—the centre was deep, the ends were superficial—it cut through one of the branches of the temporal artery—he was bleeding very profusely—there was a wound on the forehead, just above the nose, about two inches in length, extending to the bone, a superficial wound on the left eye-brow, and three or four smaller wounds of a slight character about the head and face—he was in the greatest danger, from loss of blood from the wound which dividend the temporal artery, and from that over the nose—such an instrument as this razor would inflict the wounds—I should conclude that the wound on the face was about the length of the razor-blade—it is quite healed, but you can see where it was, very plainly—the razor has a very long shaft or holder—it could be held so as to inflict this wound without a man's cutting his own hand, or without its giving way.





GEORGE BAYNES
 (ploice-constable N 51.) I went to prisoner's room, and found him lying on the bed with a wound on his neck—after a short time he said, "I have done it, and my own neck is cut also"—I said nothing to him

to induce him to say that—I have produced the razor which I got from Mr. Longman—I saw a small mark of wet, blood, about three or four inches long, on the landing—there were a great many spots of blood in different places on the stairs leading to the prisoner's room—Longman's wound was dressed, and he was taken to the hospital.

Cross-examined. Q. You found the prisoner lying on the bed, and his head hanging down? A. Hanging over the side of the bed—his back was towards me—I spoke to him twice, and ultimately found his throat was cut and bleeding—he did not say in my presence that if the razor had been good enough he should have finished it.





ROBERT COX
 (police-constable N 60.) I went up stairs and found the prisoner with his neck cut—I said, "What did you cut the wound in your throat with?"—he said, with a razor, but the razor cut b—y bad, or else he would have done for himself—Mr. Coward's assistant was called in to him—he said he was very sorry he had injured the old man, as he had not given him the least provocation—he said he had thrown the razor with which he wounded himself out of the window—it could not be found in the street.

COURT.
Q. Was there any blood in the room in which he was lying, that appeared to have come from his throat? A. Yes, there was a quantity about the bedstead and bed clothes, and on his shirt and waistcoat—there was none outside the door—it was all inside the room, on the floor close to the bed, as though the wound had been made in the bed with the head projecting.





WILLIAM TYSON.
 I am assistant to Mr. Coward, surgeon, of St. John's-terrace. I was called in to dress a wound on the left side of the prisoner's neck—it was about half an inch long, simply cutting through the integuments, the skin, and the outer fat: but no parts of consequence were injured—it was about half an inch deep throughout the whole length—it was a sort of wound that might have been inflicted by a razor.

Cross-examined. Q. It might have been worse than it was, if done with a sharper instrument? A. It was not done with a blunt instrument, it was a perfectly clean cut—it appeared as if done in a hurry—it was a single wound.
(David Cook, dressing-case maker, of Gregory-place, Wingrove-place, Clerkenwell; William Thomas Cook, his son; and Richard Cox, coppersmith, St. John's-street-road, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
on the second and third Counts.
 Aged 32.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

