




233. 




JOHN MASON
. was indicted for

 breaking and entering the counting-house of 



James Benbow, on the 
25th of October, at 
St. Saviour's, Southwark, and stealing therein 1 tablet, value 5s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 6d.; the model of a mortar, value 45s.; 1 bullet-mould, value 5s.; 1 case of drawing instruments, value 4s.; 1 pocket-book, value 1s.; 1 pair of callipers, value 2s.; 3 keys, value 3s.; 1/4lb. weight of steel, value 17s.; and 30 brass plates, value 2l.; his property: and 1 coat, value 10s.; and 2 boxes, value 2s.; the goods of 



William Swaine Mason: and 





SOPHIA WYCH



. for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. CLARKSO. conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES BENBOW
. I am an iron-founder, and live at No. 32, Bankside, in the parish of St. Saviour's, Southwark—my premises are entirely enclosed by a brick wall—I have two counting-houses at the extreme end of the premises, near the Bear-gardens entrance—they are both enclosed by the wall. On Sunday evening, the 25th of October, I was in my yard about seven o'clock—the windows and doors of both the counting-houses were perfectly safe at that time—about one in the morning I was alarmed by Butcher, a private watchman—in consequence of what he told me I examined the counting-houses—I found the window of the small counting-house lowered from the top, and one of the shutters displaced, to enable the parties to get in—it must have been opened from the outside—the back window of the large counting-house was also open—it had been put up, but not fastened—the door was forced open from the inside—there is no shutter to the large counting-house window—a desk in the small counting-house was forced open, and something put to keep it up, and likewise my clerk's desk in the large counting-house—the keys of the different warehouses, which hung on the hooks, were thrown about the room—I missed all the articles stated, which had been quite secure on the Sunday night—this brass mortar, steel, and other things, are my property—(looking at them.)





WILLIAM SWAINE MASON
. I am the prosecutor's clerk. On Saturday, the 24th of October, I left my desk in the counting-house locked, and every thing perfectly safe—on Monday morning I found it broken open, and missed my coat, a snuff-box, and a small ivory box—(looking at them)—this is my coat—this snuff-box has undergone an alteration, but it is mine, and this ivory box also.





THOMAS HERBERT
. I am a ship-chandler on Tower-hill. On Monday, the 26th of October, the prisoner Wych brought this brass-model of a mortar, and said, "I have a brass mortar for sale, will you purchase it?—I asked whose it was—she said her son's—I asked who her son was—she said he was a brass-founder—I asked where she lived—she said, "No. 7, Sun-street, Bishopsgate"—I asked what she wanted for it—she said 25s.—I said it was a high price, it was not worth the money to me, I could not purchase it at that price—she said what would I give—I said I would make no offer, while she asked such a price, but if she inquired of her son

the lowest he would take, I would then see whether it would suit me—she went away, came back again in about two hours, and said she had seen her son, and he would take 10s. for it—I said I would give her 9s., and she took it—I took her address, and she went away—I afterwards delivered it to Mr. Benbow and sergeant Havill, when they called—it would cost about 30s.





GEORGE HAVIL
. (police-sergeant M 2.) On Sunday evening, the 1st of November, after receiving some information, I went in company with Aslett to No. 28, Green-street, Blackfriars-road—I found Wych there, and a person named Baker—I told Wych to consider herself in custody, as she answered the description of the person I was looking for, who had sold the mortar—I found this bullet-mould on the mantel-piece—I said that was part of the property I was looking for—I then took Baker into custody—I emptied the contents of his trowsers into a handkerchief, tied them up, and delivered them to Aslett—I found a pair of callipers, some broken brass, some spring-steel, a red leather pocket-book, containing some papers, two wafers, part of a pair of scissors, and two books—Wych was in the room all the while—I produce a duplicate of a coat pledged at Mr. Hickinbotham's, which I received from the landlord of the house in the presence of a man named Wells—Mason was then in custody on another charge—I searched him, and in his pocket found a glove, which Mr. Benbow identified—I asked if he thought proper to account for the possession of it—he said he had had it a long time—I examined the prosecutor's premises—in my judgment, from the way in which they were broken, there must have been more than one person engaged—it could not have been done with less than two.





JOHN ASLET
. (police-constable M 97.) I went with Havill—he has stated correctly what passed—I have produced the ivory box, and a memorandum of accounts, which I found in Baker's pocket.





WILLIAM HICKINBOTHAM
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Charlotteterrace, Lambeth. On the 26th of October I received this coat in pledge—I cannot speak to the person who pawned it—sergeant Havill afterwards produced this duplicate to me, which is the corresponding one to the one I kept of this coat—they were both written by me.





FREDERICK FREEMA
. (police-constable M 124.) On the 30th of October I was on duty in Park-street, which is about 300 or 400 yards from Mr. Benbow's premises—I heard a rattle spring, and went to the spot—I went into the premises of Messrs. Winter and Rich, and found the door broken open, and the prisoner in the yard adjoining the place where the door was broken, squatting down in a truck—some of Messrs. Barclay's men who were there asked Mason where the other was—he pointed to the opposite side of the street, and said, there was another, but he was gone that way—I searched him on the spot, and found this ivory tablet, and a pair of gloves, which I did not take from him, not being aware of their importance.

MR. BENBO. re-examined. This glove is mine—I had a pair of them safe in the desk of the large counting-house, on Saturday night—this ivory tablet is also mine—it was in a drawer in the small counting-house—I consider from the way in which my premises were entered that more than one must have been concerned, because the shutters were put up again, which could not have been done by one person inside—I presume some one outside must have put it up again, that the police might not see the

light in the counting-house—I consider tins mortar to be worth two guineas—this case of instruments was also taken from my premises.





GEORGE MACKEY
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce this case of instruments pledged by the prisoner Mason for 4s. on the 29th of October, in the name of John Williams, No. 20, Museum-street—he said they belonged to him.





GODFREY EVAN
. (police-constable M 44.) I was shown the spot where Mason was taken into custody, on Winter and Rich's premises, and on that spot I found these three keys, which I have taken to Mr. Benbow's, and they fit the locks.

Wych's Defence. I am innocent of all the transaction.

MASON.—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

WYCH.—


GUILTY
. Aged 57.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Recorder.

