



1175. 




JOHN DENBY
 was indicted

 for that he, being employed in the Postoffice, did steal a certain letter, containing 1 order for payment of 10l. 19s. 6d.; 1 order for payment of 7l. 3s.; 1 order for payment of 6l.; 1 order for Payment of 4l. 13s. 8d.; 1 warrant for payment of 22l. 3s.; 1 bill of exchange for payment of 10l.; two 5l. Bank notes; and six 5l. promissory notes, the property of 

Her Majesty's Postmaster-General:—other COUNTS, varying the manner of laying the charge.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






GRORGE KEMP WELCH
. I am cashier at the banking-house of Tice, Welch and Co., of Christchurch, Hants—Rogers and Co. are our correspondents. On the 2nd of April I made a remittance to them by post—I enclosed in a letter checks, Bank notes, and securities, to the value altogether of 110l. and a few shillings—among them were the two 5l. notes produced—one is a Leamington Bank note, No. 8836, and a Portsmouth branch Bank of England note, No. 03418, dated 27th of Oct., 1845—here is another 5l. Winburn promissory note, which was also enclosed in the letter—it is dated the 11th of Jan. 1841, No. 4030—it is a branch Bank of England note—I sealed the letter, and directed it to Rogers, Olding, and Co., bankers, London, and gave it to servant, Ann Luther, with others, to take to the Post-office—soon afterwards I received a communication from Roger's house in London, in consequence of which I made a communication to the secretary of the Postoffice that the letter had not arrived.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you mark the notes? A. I took a memorandum of the numbers, which I have here, and find by that that these are the notes—I gave Luther no particular directions about this letter—it was on the day public humiliation.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Was this letter a tolerably thick one with the enclosures? A. yes—neither of the other letters were so thick.





ANN LUTHER
. I am servant to Mr. Welch. On the 2nd of April he gave me some letters to take to the postoffice—I took them, and remember one being a thick letter—I did not put that with the rest, as it was too thick to go into the box, but gave it inside to the postmaster, Mr. Pike—it was about five o'clock in the afternoon—master had given me no particular direction about that letter.





ABRAHAM PIKE
. I am postmaster at Christchurch, Hampshire. A letter posted at my office at five o'clock in the afternoon would arrive at the General Post-office the following morning—it would leave my place about five minutes before six o'clock—I tied up the bag myself that evening, enclosed the letters in it, sealed it, and delivered it to the driver of the mail with my own hands—I do not remember receiving this particular letter—if I did I am positive it was put in the bag.

Cross-examined. Q. You do not remember receiving any letter from the hands of Luther? A. No—I was in attendance at the office from one o'clock till the mail was dispatched—nobody else was attending to the letters—every

letter delivered to me I should put into the receiving-box, where it would remain till the dispatch of the mail.





JAMES RUSH
. I am a clerk in the General post-office, London. On the 2nd and 3rd of April I was in attendance there—I remember the arrival of the Christchurch mail—I opened the bag on the morning of the 3rd, at a few minutes past five o'clock—it was sealed, and in a proper state—I took out the letters, sorted them, and gave them to be stamped—they would then be distributed to be delivered.





ROBERT BAULDRY
. I am sub-sorter at the General Post-office—after that duty is over I deliver letters. On the 3rd of April I was in attendance at the General Post-office—it is my duty to deliver any letter coming by the morning mail addressed to Rogers and Co.—I delivered all the letters at their house which were given to me that morning.





JOHN OSBORNE
. I am one of the firm of Rogers, Olding, and Co. On the morning of the 3rd of April I was at the banking-house, and opened all the letters which came to the firm—there no letter containing remittances from Tice, Welch, and Co.—we expected a remittance from them that morning, and in consequence of not receiving it wrote to them by return of post.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you sleep at the house? A. No—I got there that morning about twenty minutes before nine o'clock—the letters had arrived, and had been taken in by one of the clerks.





RICHARD WHITE
. I am in the service of Mr. Frazer, a pawnbroker of Ipswich. On the 3rd of April I was in the employ of Mr. Dexter, a pawnbroker, of Whitechapel-road—between half-past nine and ten o'clock that morning the prisoner came to the shop with a female, and requested me to show him some chased keeper-rings—I showed him all we had—we had none small enough to fit the female's finger—he then requested me to show him those with stones in them—I showed him all we had—his wife selected one with a garnet, or green stone, or emerald—he then requested to be shown some pebble brooches, which was done—his wife selected one for 18s.—they paid 28s.—a conversation took place about a key, which was not bought—he took a 5l. Bank of England note out of his trowser's pocket, and gave it me—this is it—(looking at No. 03418)—I asked him his name—he said, "Willis"—I asked him his Christain name—he said, "William"—I asked him where he lived—he said, "No. 14, Jubilee-street, Stepney"—I wrote on the back, "William Willis, 14, Jubilee-street, Stepney, J. C. D., (my employer's initials) 3—4—47"—Shortly afterwards I was applied to on the subject, and gave a description of the party, which was very fresh in my memory—on the 20th of April I came to London, accompanied by Peak, the officer, and Richard Reaves—I went to Oxford-street, Mile-end, no great distance from Jubilee-street—when I got to the door Peak knocked—it was opened by a female, the person who had accompanied the prisoner to Mr. Dexter's shop—I saw her finger, and the ring on it which I had sold her on the 3rd—I went up stairs, and saw the prisoner in the act of jumping out of bed—I knew him directly—he is the man who gave me the 5l. note—after the house was searched I saw the brooch which I had sold—this produced is it, and this is the stone ring.





MATILDA FRESHWATER
. I am the wife of William Freshwater, who keeps the Telegraph public-house, Hawkins-street, Mile-end; there is a Derby sweepstake club held there. On Wednesday, the 14th of April, about eleven o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came—I have no doubt he is the man—he asked if the Derby sweep was full—I said, "No"—he took a chance in the 30s. stake—there

are different priced stakes—I made him out a card—he then took a 10s. chance—that was a sweep also—I filled up one ticket for both—this is it—(looking at it)—it is a receipt for the money—he gave me a 5l. Leamington note—this one, No. 8836, is it—I know it by the number and by the writing on it—I asked him his name—he said, "Williams"—I wrote that name on the ticket—I said I did not like to take it, being a country note—he said it was sent by a friend from Leamington to lay out in sweeps—I then took it—he asked me if he should sign at the back of it—I said, "Yes," and gave it him to do so—he has written "W. Williams, Leamington," on it in blue ink—he asked me when it would it would be drawn—I told him it would be advertised in Bell's Life—I gave him 3l. change, and he went away—he said he would call next day, and stake chances in other sweeps—he took the card with him, not the ticket; that was kept—he did not come next day—I did not see him again till he was in custody—there is "stolen from a letter" written on the note—that was not on it when it came to me.





RICHARD REEVES
. I am inspector of letter-carrier at the General Postoffice. The prisoner has been employed there three or four years as a lettercarrier—he was on duty at the Postoffice on the 3rd of April at the time the general-post letters arriving that morning were being sorted for delivery—he was that morning on what is called the chance of the office—there are always a few men disengaged, to take the place of men who are absent from illness—he was on duty that morning for a man who was ill—that man's duty was to deliver letters in Friday-street—the prisoner was on that walk that day—on the 20th of April I accompanied Peak to Oxford-street, Mile-end, and found this ticket on a dresser in the lower room.

Cross-examined. Q. What time did you see the prisoner that morning? A. He was on duty all the morning—I do not remember seeing him that morning in particular, but his signature is in the book as being there on that date—the signature would be made about a quarter after five o'clock—he has signed his name himself—that does not prove the time he came to the office—the book produced is not the one he would sign in when he came, but the one he would sign in when called to go out—that was twentyfive minutes after eight—it proves that he was on that walk at twenty-five minutes after eight.

COURT. Q. Are all the letter-carriers in one room? A. There are two rooms, and an archway from one to the other—the letters are sorted below by the sub-sorted, and brought by a man to the letter-carriers, to their seats—each man has his own seat for a walk—the letters are delivered by two people to different carriers—the carriers have no opportunity of taking the letters from each other—they do not help themselves.





MATTHEW PEAK
. On the 20th of April, in consequence of what came to my knowledge, I accompanied Reeves and White to the prisoner's house, No. 1, Oxford-street, Mile-end—Reeves knocked at the door—it was opened by a female—I saw a ring on her finger—White said, "That is the woman who accompanied the man to our shop," and said, "That is the ring, it has got a green stone in it"—I left her with Reeves, telling him to take care of the ring—he afterwards produced it—this is it—I went up stairs, and took the prisoner in charge—I told him it was for taking a 5l. note out of a letter, and that it had been changed at Mr. Dexter's—I asked him if he had anything to say to it—he said, no he had nothing to say—I then said, "I take you also into custody for taking a 5l. note out of a letter, changed at Mr. Freshwater's," and asked him if he had anything to say to that—he said, "No, I have nothing to say"—he was just getting out of bed, and was putting on hi

trowsers—I searched his trowsers, and found in a purse 1l. in silver, and one sovereign, and 6s. loose in his pocket—I examined the bed-room, and found in a work-box this brooch—I took him into the kitchen—the female was there—she upbraided him, and went into hysterics—I took them both to Bow-street—as we went, he said to the female, "It is hard for Mr. Peacock to send you"—I said, "Mr. Peacock has a duty to perform"—he said "A wife is not bound for her husband's action"—I produce four tickets which I afterwards found in the house they appear to have come from Mr. William Willis, and a memorandum book, among other entries in which is one of the name of Freshwater, and the sums paid for sweeps 1l. 10s. and 10s.—the female was discharged as soon as she was in a condition to produce the certificate of her marriage—I have made inquiry at 14, Jubilee-street, Stepney, for William Willis—there is no such person there.





WILLIS CLARE
. I am assistant-inspector of letter-carries in the post-office. I know the prisoner—I was at the post-office on the morning of the 3rd of April, and saw the prisoner there—he should have been on duty at a quarter after five—I know his writing, and find his signature in the book as having arrived at five o'clock in the morning—in the interval between his arrival and the time he went out to carry letters, at twenty-five minutes after eight, he would have the opportunity of taking the letter in question—he was what is called a chance man, and in the absence of Persons, the regular carrier, he was put on as a substitute—there is a firm of Rogers, Olding, in Lombard-street, and Rogers, Nephew, in Friday-street district, and it happens in sorting that letters get sorted to the wrong walk, being directed only "London"—if this letter had been directed to Lombard-street this would not have occurred.

Cross-examined. Q. Rogers, Nephew, might have got this letter? A. It is possible—it might be delivered to them.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. If it was sorted to Friday-street instead of Lombard-street, would the man who had the Friday-street delivery receive it? A. Yes, he ought not to have taken it out of the officer, well knowing it was not in his delivery—it should have been given to the sorter, to sort what we call blind letters—the dispatch was ten minutes after seven that morning—the prisoner may have had a morning duty in the Inland Office previous to that time—letters are brought to the carries by a person who signs for that duty, but the letters in Friday-street are divided to two persons—he might have had this letter by its being mis-sorted—the letter are brought up and laid on the carrier's seats—the prisoner's seat was not near the Lombard-street seat—he would have been noticed if he went to the Lombard-street walk, and took a letter—the only way I can account for his having it is the mi-sorting of the letter.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Why should he be there at five o'clock? A. That is the time for the carries to attend.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. I am told that Rogers, Nephew, always sent for their letters? A. I am not aware of that—there are a few parties who have their letters at the window.

MR. BODKIN. Q. If he was there early in the morning what was he doing until eight? A. He would be in the Inland Office.





ROBERT CROSS
. Q. I am barman at the Duke's Head public-house, Whitechapel-road. I was in a sweep—this 5l. Winburn bank-note, No. 4030, I received, with other bank notes and sovereigns, from George Hawkes on the 17th of April.

Cross-examined. Q. You are a sporting gentleman? A. I have several sweeps—I am acquainted with matters of that kind—I know Hawkes—I do not know whether he is a sporting gentleman—we never bet together—I

have betted with him—I thought you meant in partnership—I only know of his belonging to one sweepstakes—he is a letter-carrier—I am not in any sweepstakes at present—I have had several chances.





GEORGE HAWKES
. I am a letter-carrier in the post-office. On the evening of the 17th of April, I paid Cross 19l. in three five pound notes and four sovereigns—there were two Bank of England notes and one country note—this Winburn note, No. 4030, is the country one—I received it form Mr. Willis at the King's Head, Newgate-street—I afterwards went to Mr. Cross to ask to see the note—I wrote my name on it—it has on it the name of "Samuel Day Whilmore"—that was on it when I first had it—I know the prisoner's writing, and believe it to be his—I have frequently seen him write.

Cross-examined. Q. Is that the only one you have of these notes? A. The only country note—I am in the sporting line, on a very small scale, if any—I have had a bet of a shilling or so—my betting has not been limited to a shilling—perhaps two shilling or half-a-crown—I have never gone higher than that—I have lost between twenty and thirty shilling to William Cross, brother of the witness—I was at the post-office, on my usual duty, on the morning of the 3rd of April—I was present at the time the post came in from Hampshire—I am regularly on duty.

COURT. Q. What walk is yours? A. Mile-end—19l. was paid for a 20l. prize that was won by Bob Cross—I was commissioned by Cross to call for it for him—I have received it of Mr. Willis.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. I believe you have been intimate with the prisoner? A. I have been intimate with him up to the time of his being in custody—I was a good deal about with him—we never had any money transactions together—I may have advanced him half-a-crown—I am still in the employ of the post-office—I cannot say whether he has or has not lent me money—I have not had bets with him over and over again—I think I recollect having a bet of five shilling with him once—my wages are 1l. 5s. a-week.

COURT. Q. You nothing to do with the sweep; you went to get 19l. for Cross? A. Nothing whatever.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long have you been in the post-office? A. seven years; I am on the Mile-end walk—on my solemn oath, no letter addressed to Rogers, Olding, and Co., ever came into my possession.





THOMAS LAURIE
. I am one of the partners in the firm of Rogers, Laurie, and formerly Rogers Nephews—we have a pigeon-hole in the post-office, in which our letters are deposited—we send for them—no letter containing this remittance, addressed to Rogers, Olding, and Co., came into our hands on the 3rd of April.

COURT. You have had occasional mistakes with Rogers, Olding, and Co.? A. Frequently—their letters have come with our letters, when we sent for them, and we immediately send them to Rogers, Olding, and Co., and they have sent us letters in like manner.





PHOBE✗ WILLIS
. I know George Hawkes. On Saturday, the 17th of April, I paid him this 5l. note—I had received it from the prisoner that morning—he gave it me for chances in the Chester cup—I desired him to write his name—he wrote something on it, but I did not notice what he wrote—he did write on it, and gave it to me—I had no other country note in my possession at that time—here is "Samuel Day Whimore" written on it—I paid it to Hawkes the same day—these tickets produced are for sweepstakes issued by us to the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. How many of these tickets do you issue? A. Sometimes

one, sometimes two; it depends on the number of subscribers—I cannot tell how many we had for the Chester cup, unless I look at the card—the number will be on that (26)—when the number is full, we get others—we have other stakes—I believe the prisoner is the man who paid me the note, but do not swear it—Hawkes is not the man—I knew him by sight—Hawkes has not been in the habit of taking shares, that I know of, except for Cross.





WILLIAM PARSONS
. I am a letter-carrier and sub-sorter in the General post-office—I deliver letters in Friday-street walk, and in Walting-street, where Rogers, Laurie, and Co., are situate—I have very frequently seen letters for Rogers, Olding, and Co., sorted to Rogers, Laurie, and Co., not precisely "Rogers, Olding;" as, I believe, originally, the firm was Rogers, Toogood—I have frequently seen them in that name—if there is a mistake, they are sorted to the blind sorted—on the 3rd of April, I was away from the office, through illness—I found, on examining the books, that the prisoner has signed his name as doing my duty.





WILLIAM DYOTT BURNABY
. I am principal clerk at Bow-street police-court—I acted in that capacity on the examination of the prisoner, on the 21st of April—after the depositions were taken, he was asked if he desired to say anything, and was cautioned that what he said would be taken down in writing, and might be used against him on a future occasion—I took down from his mouth what he said—I afterwards read it over to him—he signed it—there was a subsequent examination on the 28th of April—he was then asked whether he desired to say anything else—he said something, which I wrote down, read it over to him, and he signed it—it is signed by Mr. Henry, the Magistrate—this is it—read—"The prisoner says, all I have to say is, I am guilty of the charge; my wife is innocent; I told her I had the money left to me; she was with me when I went to the shop to buy the ring and brooch"— second statement read—"The prisoner says, I wish to contradict the statement I made on the former examination, and to say that I am not guilty"
(Charles Taylor, builder, of Moorgate-street; and John Pincott, of Merton, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 24—


Transported for Ten Years.

