





1442. 




WILLIAM MADDEN,



 CHARLES BRENNAN
, and 




JAMES BISHOP
 were indicted for

stealing 12 pair of stockings, value 4s. 3d., the goods of 



James Hampson, and that Madden had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES HAMPSON
. I am a draper, and live in York-place, Kent-road—I had a packet containing twelve pair of stockings, on a side counter, on the 4th of June—a female came in, and soon after I missed the dozen pair of stockings—that evening the officer produced some to me—these are part of the pairs I missed—they are mine—they were inside my shop, on a sideboard.





WILLIAM POUND
. I live in Duke-street, Westminster, and am a shoemaker. On the 4th of June, at half-past eleven o'clock in the morning, I was in the London-road—I saw the three prisoners together in company—I knew Madden and Brennan before—I watched them—they went through Camberwell to Peckham New-town—after taking a little refreshment they returned till they came to the prosecutor's shop, and loitered about for five minutes—then Madden went in and brought a parcel out under his arm, and was joined by the other prisoners—they walked a little way down Surrey-square, and then set off running, and in running Madden opened the parcel and gave something to Bishop—I left them, and ran round to meet them—I met Madden in custody.





AUSTRIAN JOSEPH WEBB
. I was with Pound—I saw the prisoners in the Kent Road—Madden went into the shop, and brought out a parcel of stockings—I followed them across Walworth-common, down the Newington-road, and against the Fishmongers' Alms-houses, Madden called me over, and said, "It is only a dozen stockings, if you will come home with me, I will give you a Bull" meaning 5s.—I said, "I am only running for a friend of mine"—I met a policeman, and gave him into custody.





THOMAS JAY
 (police-constable L 140). I was taking Madden to the station-house, he unbuttoned hit trowsers, took out these 5 pairs of stockings, and gave them to me.





JAMES BROOK
 (police-constable L 118). I took Biahop the next day—I found nothing on him.

Maddern's Defence. I met these two young men who asked me to carry a parcel, which I did; I opened and gave them part of the stockings; they ran away.

Brennan. I was going on an errand, and the officer took me.





SAMUEL AYLESBURY
 (police-constable L 106). I produce a certificate of the prisoner Madden's conviction, which I got from Clerkenwell—(read—"Convicted Dec. 3, 1844, and confined six months")—the prisoner is the man.

MADDEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.


BRENNAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

BISHOP—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.






Confined Three Months.



Before Mr. Recorder.

