





2057. 




HENRY FOWLER,



 JOSEPH TUCKER
, and 




JAMES PARRY
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
15th of July, 3000 yards of braid, value 4l., the goods of 



Thomas Wilson Robinson; and that Fowler had been before convicted of felony.






DAVID PROUT
. I am in the service of Mr. Thomas Wilson Robinson, who lives in Bunhill-row, St. Luke's, he is a cotton braid manufacturer. On the 15th of July, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was standing in the shop—I received information, and looked at a rack which was just inside the door, and observed we had lost a parcel containing about 3000 yards of braid, which I had seen safe about ten minutes before—I have never seen it since.





JAMES CAIN
. I am a labourer. On Wednesday evening, the 15th of July, about half-past six o'clock, I was going up Bunhill-row—I saw the three prisoners standing near Mr. Robinson's shop—I came down again in about ten minutes afterwards, and saw the three prisoners all running as fast as they could—it was then about twenty minutes before seven o'clock—Parry was running first, Fowler second, and Tucker the third, with a paper parcel under his arm—I pointed them out to the officer the next day.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What are you? A. I work with the bricklayers—I followed the prisoners, and called "Stop thief"—I did not catch any of them—I knew them all before—I knew where Tucker lived—I went to his house that night with the officer—I was a witness once at Clerkenwell—it was about a young woman who stole half-a-crown—I was there two days and got 7s. for my expenses—I expect to be paid for attending here—I have been in the office at Worship-street to hear trials.





JOHN CARISON
. I am an errand-boy, and work in Bunhill-row. On the evening of the 15th of July, I was in Lamb's-passage, Bunhill-row—I saw the three prisoners run through Lamb's-passage, between six and seven o'clock—I knew them all, and am sure they are the persons.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you remember it so well, did any body tell you it was the 15th? A. No, I know it was that day—I could see

the day of the month by the newspapers—my father has a newspaper generally every dinner-time—I do not take up the paper every day—in a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes after two policemen came up, and I told them about these prisoners—I am as sore of Parry as I am of the rest.

Fowler. Q. Did you see me? A. Yes, I saw you with a bundle in Lamb's-passage—I was standing on the other side of the way.





WILLIAM JAMES DAVIS
. On Wednesday night, the 15th of July, I was standing at Mr. Ellis's door, between six and seven o'clock—I had a black apron on—the prisoner Tucker came and asked me to lend him my apron, and he would give me 2d. for it—I did so, and a little while after I saw Fowler come with a brown paper parcel tied in the apron—I ran after him and asked him to give me my apron—he offered me a shilling for it—I told him I did not want any shilling, to give me my apron—he gave it me.

Cross-examined. Q. You say Fowler had the parcel? A. Yes, I am quite sure of that—I cannot tell what was in it—I just saw the end of it—it was untied, and I saw the blackness of it—I am not in the habit of lending my apron for 2d.—I never lent it before—I have never been a witness before.





SARAH SOPHIA WOOD
. I was in Chequer-square, St. Luke's, between seven and eight o'clock that night—I saw Fowler come out of the Shears public-house, with a parcel under his arm, tied in a black apron—I heard Davis go and ask him for his apron—Fowler said he would give him a shilling for it—Davis said, "No, I want my apron"—Fowler gave him the apron, and I saw he had a brown paper pause!—I saw one of the ends undone and there was some black braid in it—Fowler said he would break my nose if I followed him—he ran across Little Coleman-street, and up Cow Heel-alley—there was a line across which pulled his cap off, and he went on without it—this is his cap—I did not see either of the other prisoners.





HENRY KIDNEY
 (police-sergeant G 6.) I took Tucker on the night of the 16th of July—Fowler was with him, and he ran away—I told Tucker I took him on a charge of felony—he said he knew nothing about it.

Parry's Defence. There are two officers here, whom I have subpoenaed, who had me in custody for a row at the time.





WILLIAM HUMBERSTONE
 (City police-constable No. 123.) On the 15th of July, I had Parry in custody for about a quarter of an hour—that was about a quarter before seven o'clock—I am quite sure of that—I took him in Moor-lane, which is a quarter of a mile from Bunhill-row—he was in custody from a quarter to seven, till seven o'clock.





JOHN STAINS
 (City police-constable No. 152.) I had Parry in my custody on the 15th of July, at twenty minutes before seven o'clock, in Moor-lane—I delivered him to Humberstone, at a quarter before seven o'clock—I went with the other officer to the station-house with him—I have to go off duty at seven o'clock, and when 1 got to the station-house I was discharged.





ROBERT GEE
 (police-constable K 179.) I produce a certificate of Fowler's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person who was tried.

FOWLER*—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

PARRY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

TUCKER—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.—



Confined Six Months.
