





1697. 




MARY NILES
 and 




CHARLES BUCK



, stealing 4 sovereigns and 5 shillings; the moneys of 



Samuel Seaman, from his person; Bucket", been before convicted.


MR. BRIARLY
conducted the Prosecution.





SAMUEL SEAMAN
. I am a butcher, at Halesworth, in Suffolk. On Friclay, 23rd June, I went to the Three Nuns, at Aldgate, to get a bed, between twelve and one o'clock at night—they could not give me a lodging there and I went to the Bull—I went up the yard, and found the door was done no—a woman followed me, and said, "I understand you want a bed?"—I said I did—she said she would get me one—I went across the yard to * *, and she followed me—she put her hand round into my pocket, and took my money—I caught her doing it—I ran after her—a man collared me at the corner of the yard, and said, "What business have you with my woman?"he kept me in discourse about three minutes—the woman ran up the street and this fellow ran after her—I told the policeman, and we went after themthe woman was taken in a coffee-shop—the prisoners are the persons, I am sure—I suppose it might happen at a quarter or twenty minutes before one.

Cross-examined by
MR. THOMPSON. Q. When did you come to town? A. On the Thursday, the day before I came up with some beasts—I was engaged all Friday in killing some beasts—I went to work at seven o'clock on Friday morning—I had not been in bed all Thursday night—I worked till eight o'clock on Friday evening—I had some refreshment—there were fired us killing beasts—we drank three or four pots of beer in the day; we had no liquor—at eight I went into Mr. Poynter's room, and talked with him about business—we had no refreshment there—I had one pint of beer at the Three Nuns—I was as sober as I am now—I staid at Mr. Poynter's till between twelve and one—I then went to the Three Nuns—I did not see any one there that I knew—the Bull is only a few doors from the Three Nuns—there were no girls in the yard—I found the house-door bolted—the house may bete: or a dozen doors up the yard—Niles came up to me in the yard—I thought she might be one of the persons belonging to the house—I saw only hermy money was in this purse, or bag—she emptied out the money, and I saw her put the bag back again into my pocket—there was nothing left in the bag when it was returned—there had been four sovereigns and some silver; I do not know what—there were not five sovereigns—I had changed a 10l. note in coming up—I had some silver in my pocket when I got change—I paid the fare for the beasts and myself out of the note—no person went with me from Mr. Poynter's—he lives in High-street, Whitechapel—I never saw him go out—I heard the clock go twelve when I went into the yard of the Three Nuns—I do not know where I saw Buck when I identified him—I know but little about London—I think it was about three o'clock when I go". back to Mr. Poynter's—it was before three when I had seen Buck—I did not see him again till I saw him at the Mansion-house, on Saturday morning, about seven—I had noticed his features, and the woman's too—Buck had a darkish cap on, with a peak to it—his coat was dark—it was black, I suppose.

MR. BRIARLY. Q. You brought the beasts yourself? A. Yes, to Mr. Poynter's, a meat-salesman—I always take them to him to kill—I gave a description of the prisoners to the policeman, and I went with him—weiren. to several coffee-houses and beer-shops—Niles was with a large party of twenty or thirty—Buck was not with her—they were taken at separate places—I was neither drunk nor asleep at the time I lost my money.






CHARLES PIERCY
. (City-policeman, 659.) I was on duty at one o'clock, or a little before, in Aldgate High-street—the prosecutor came to me, and told me he had been robbed, between twelve and one, by a woman in a white shawl and a white straw bonnet—I went with him to several coffee-shops, and to one called the Magnet—I found Niles there, about half-past one—the prosecutor at once recognized her as the person—she had a white shawl and a white bonnet—he said the man had a blouse on, and a cap with a peak—I took Niles to the station—nothing was found on her—the prosecutor appeared to be sober.





THOMAS KELLY
. (police-sergeant, H 2.) On Saturday morning, 24th June, about three o'clock, there was a disturbance at the Red Lion, in Whitechapel—I went there, and as soon as Buck saw me going in he ran out—I suspected something wrong, pursued and took him into custody—I asked what he had got—he said, "Nothing"—I searched him, and found two sovereigns and a half—I took him to the station—the prosecutor came there and identified him, a few minutes afterwards—he had on a light cap, which I think had a peak—I think he had the same coat on that he has now—the prosecutor bad given a description that answered with Buck's person, but he had altered his dress—he said it was a blouse or a light coat—they are easily got in Whitechapel, and easily got rid of—Niles was taken in a coffee-house, within about eight yards of where I took Buck.





THOMAS WEAKFORD
. (police-sergeant, H 38.) On that Saturday morning I saw Niles going in a direction towards the spot where the robbery was committed, about a quarter of an hour before it took place, and Buck was standing in High-street, Whitechapel—I saw him again, about two o'clock, against the Red Lion, and instantly he saw me he ran in—I saw him again, about a quarter of an hour afterwards, and he ran in again—about three, there was a row there, and we went in, and Buck saw us and ran off.

COURT. Q. What time did you first see Buck? A. About twenty minutes to one o'clock—he and Niles were about thirty or forty yards apart—Buck was standing, and Niles was going in the direction to where the prosecutor was robbed—they were from fifty to sixty yards from the Three Nuns—about a quarter of an hour afterwards I walked round, and met the City-policeman and the prosecutor—he gave a description of the man—he said he Was a short, stoutish, good-looking man, with dark hair.

MR. BRIARLY. Q. Did he describe the woman? A. He did not—he accompanied me and the City-policeman to several shops, and to the Magnet, where he saw the woman.





THOMAS KELLY

re-examined. The signature to this deposition is the—Magistrate's writing—I was present when he wrote it—I heard the statements made—Niles signed her statement—Buck was asked to sign bis, but would not—(read)—"Niles says, 'At half-past ten o'clock last night, this man was standing in Aldgate; he passed his walking-stick across the legs of a young girl who was with me; I was afterwards talking to some men, and he came, and looked me full in the face—I said, "You go off "—he went off, and afterwards he came to the coffee-house with the policeman, and pointed me out.'"

Niles' Defence. I was standing near the Three Nuns with a young girl; he came to us, and I said, "Go about your business;" he went away; I went to a young man, and asked him to treat me to a glass of grog; I was still walking up and down; I never went away till one o'clock in the morning, when three young men came up; the prosecutor came and looked at me, and I said, "Go away;" the policeman came up, and the prosecutor said, "I

only asked you for a lodging;" I said, "You did not;" I still went about Aldgate; I then went to have a cup of coffee and three eggs, and the prose-cutor and the officer came and took, me; as to this prisoner, I never saw him with my eyes: I am as innocent as a child.





SAMUEL SEAMAN

re-examined. I have heard what Niles says; it is quite wrong—I had a stick; no one complained of my putting it against their legs. Witnesses for the Defence.





WILLIAM SALTMARSH
. I am potman at the Blakeney's Head, in Rose. mary-lane. I recollect Friday night, 23rd June—I saw the prisoner Buck early in the evening, at the Blakeney's Head—he was there before the lights were lighted—we light them sometimes soon and sometimes late—we lighted them that night about half-past eight o'clock—I saw him there about the twilight—he was not indebted to me, nor to my master—he always paid for everything he had—I took him some liquor—he paid for sundry pots of portcr, and some gin—I saw three or four sovereigns in his hand—I asked him to leave it with me, and I would take care of it.

COURT. Q. Have you ever asked him that question before? A. I recollect one time when he went away from our place he lost it, and that made me ask him that question, for fear he should lose it again—he had three or four sovereigns, and some silver—I cannot tell why the money was produced to me—I see many men come into the public-house, flourishing their money, to show what they have got—I do not know that he was flourishing his money—I saw it.

Cross-examined by
MR. BRIARLY. Q. What time was it he showed you these sovereigns? A. I dare sav it was between eight and nine o'clockour house is pretty well attended by neighbours—I do not know the prisoner, only as a customer—I do not know any thing of him—I do not take notice of one more than another—I know them all—thieves do not resort there, to my knowledge—I know the persons who come there as well as I know this man, as customers—I have asked to take care of other customers' money, but they are so conceited when they get a little drink, they will drink and booze it away.

MR. THOMPSON. Q. Do you know whether it is the practice of persons who frequent public-houses to leave money in the hands of the barman, or the persons who keep the house? A. Yes; I have had the care of it.





FRANCES M'DONALD
. My husband keeps the Windmill, in Rosemary-lane. On the morning of 24th June I saw the prisoner Buck, a little after three o'clock—it might be ten minutes or a quarter-past three—that was not the first time I saw him—I saw him between ten and eleven in the evening, and he never left my house from that time till I told him I was going to shut up the house—I ordered him out, and he went out—he was asleep most of the time.

Cross-examined. Q. What time did he leave you? A. A little after three o'clock—there were persons in the house, and I did not wish to tun them out—ours is a night-house—I do not take notice of all the persons who come there, or know their character—I might know the neighbours—I do not know how. the persons who come there get their living—if they come, and call fur anything. I serve them and take their money—infamous charac-ters may resort to my house, but not to my knowledge—I do not inquire into persons' characters who conic and ask for anything—I might hear one thing or another, but I believe, if you inquire, you will find the house is con-ducted in a proper manner—I cannot be mistaken about the prisoner being there—he slept from between ten and eleven o'clock till past three—he was

awoke up twice by parties who came in, and be gave them something to drink—the parties brought the money to me, but he fell asleep again—I had company during; that time, but no disturbance; they were very quiet—the prisoner was on a form right opposite the bar where I stood.

COURT. Q. Was anybody else in the house? A. Yes, several persons; and of course I was not going to shut it up—there was no person serving but myself—my husband was ill in bed—there was a servant—I sent her to bed, because she had to get up early in the morning—there was a girl outside the bar—she is not here—there is no person here who saw the prisoner there from ten o'clock till three in the morning—there was a gentleman who saw him go in, but that gentleman went away at eleven.

MR. BRIARLY
called






PATRICK MADDEN
 (policeman, H 160.) I know the Blakeney's Head—the tap-room is frequented by thieves and prostitutes, and has been for some time—on Friday night, 23rd June, I saw the prisoner Buck about ten o'clock—he came out of the City of Carlisle, in Royal Mint-street, which was formerly called Rosemary-lane—I saw him again about a quarter-past twelve, in Royal Mint-street, in company with others—he was not on a bench, he was in the open street—I did not see him from that time till I saw him here.

COURT. Q. Was anybody with you, that saw him at the same time? A. There was not—if anybody has said he was sleeping on the form, except when he got up to treat people, it is not true—I saw him in the street—that is not more than a quarter of a mile from the Bull—there is a gas-light at the Ball I believe—I could not say that I know the exact spot where the robbery took place—I know the gateway—you can see people's faces by the light of the gateway.

MR. THOMPSON. Q. Where is the Bull? A. In Aldgate—I do not think it is a quarter of a mile from Rosemary-lane—I was first applied to to give my evidence on the morning the prisoner was locked up—I said I saw him about a quarter-past twelve—the City of Carlisle is a very short distance from the Windmill—it may be twelve or fourteen doors—I swear I saw him in company with some persons about a quarter-past twelve o'clock—I cannot say how many—I can identify some of them—there was M'Lean, Mahoney, and Bradshaw—as soon as I came up they all went away in the direction of Tower-hill—I have never given my evidence before on this occasion—Sergeant Kelly subpoenaed me—I had some conversation with him on the morning he took the prisoner into custody—he told me he had him, and I told him I saw him a little after twelve o'clock in Royal Mint-street—he was in a black coat—I do not know whether he had been drinking—I did not see him.

COURT. Q. Did you accost him? A. I did not—I said, "Go along; you must not continue here."

COURT to Charles Piercy. Q. Are you acquainted with the Bull Inn? A. Yes; it is lighted with a large gas-lamp over the gateway—the prosecutor told me he lost his money up by the gate—there is light there, so that anybody could see the face of another.

Cross-examined by
MR. THOMPSON. Q. Are the gates shut? A. Yes; at eleven o'clock, I believe—there are two sinks in the yard—the lamp is over the gates that lead up to the stable—the gates were closed—you cannot get inside—there is a watchman there—I did not go to view the Bull yard gateway—he told me he was robbed there—there is a yard and two or three houses before you come to the gates.


COURT. Q. If a person bad been robbed near the gateway, there would be plenty of light to see the person? A. Yes.





JAMES DRAPER
 (policeman, L. 70.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Bucks'former conviction—(read—Convicted 14th Sept., 1846, and confined six months)—the prisoner is the person.

NILES—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—



Confined Six Months.


BUCK—


GUILTY
. ** Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years, The prisoner Buck's brother and sister-in-law stated that he had been. honestly employed since his former conviction; but several officers deposed to ins being the constant associate of thieves.
