



451. 




WILLIAM TAYLOR
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Ford, on the 
23rd of December, at St. James, Westminster, and stealing therein, 1 cloak, value 12s.; 2 collars, value 3s.; 1 gown, value 10s.; 1 shawl, value 2s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 2s.; 2 yards of silk, value 5s.; 2 caps, value 3s.; and 5 yards of lace, value 3s.; the goods of 



John Bell.






EMMA BELL
. I am the wife of John Bell, a printer; we occupy a room on the second-floor of Mr. Ford's house, in Berwick-street. On the 23rd of December, I went out a few minutes past twelve o'clock in the day, leaving no one at home—I left the window shut, locked the room door, and took the key with me—I returned about a quarter to one o'clock—on going up stairs I saw the prisoner come out of my room, with a bag in his hand—I said, "You have been in my room"—he pushed by me, and ran down stairs—I screamed out and alarmed Mr. Ford, who ran out after him—as the prisoner ran down stairs I saw him drop the bag on the first-floor landing—I picked it up as I returned up stain, and took it up to my room—it was not my bag, but it contained the articles stated, which belong to my husband—my room-door must have been opened by a key—I shut the street-door when I went out—I do not know whether it had been opened—I never saw the prisoner before, but I am certain he is the man.





HENRY FORD
. I am landlord of the house. Mrs. Bell lodges with me—I live in part of the house, and let out the rest On the 23rd of December, I heard some one screaming—I immediately went out of my parlour-door into the passage, and saw the prisoner coming down stairs—I am quite certain of him—he was dressed much the same as he is now—the handkerchief he has on is the same, and I believe it was a black coat, but I am positive he is the man—I let him pass me, not knowing what was the matter, till I saw Mrs. Bell—I saw him pass out of the door, and close it after him—I then ran after him up several streets, hallooing "Stop thief," and at last overtook him, without losing sight of him—he ran about half a mile—I collared him—he came back with me quietly, and I gave him to a police man.






WILLIAM MURRELL
 (police-constable C 80.) I received the prisoner into custody from Mr. Ford, and took him to Vine-street station—a brother constable followed me down with the property, which has been in the bands of the Inspector ever since—I found nine skeleton keys on the prisoner.





EMMA BELL

re-examined. This cloak is mine—it was left in the drawer that day—I have had it two years—this gown I made myself, and one of these collars—they are all my property.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
