




986. 




THOMAS BRILL
 and 




HENRY STARE
, were indicted for

 a burglary in the dwelling-house of 



Martha Bray, at 
Harefield, and stealing therein 80lbs. weight of bacon, 1 copper plate, 2 snuff-boxes, 1 knife, 3 baskets, 1 cloth, and 1 apron, value 3l. 2s. 6d., her property; Brill having been before convicted.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






MARTHA BRAY.
 I live at New-Year's-green, in the parish of Harefield. On Thursday night, 2nd March, I went to bed about ten o'clock—I fastened up all the doors, windows, and shutters—there were no shutters to one window—a lad who lived in the house went to bed at the same time—I had two flitches of bacon in the dairy, which is part of the house, and a copper plate and two snuff-boxes on the mantel-shelf, and a large hog-knife on the kitchen table—I got up next morning at a quarter-past six-the front door was open; the window, which had no shutter, broken; and an iron bar pulled out—there were shoe-marks under the window—I looked into the dairy, and missed rather more then half of each flitch of bacon also the knife, the snuff-boxed, and some cloths to cover the bacon—I have seen the things since—they are mine—Brill is my brother's son—he had lived at Harefield but was not much acquainted with me—he has lived in London lately—I do not know Stare.





WILLIAM MAYHEW.
 I am in the service of Mr. Shackell, of Pole-hillfarm, about six miles from Mrs. Bray's. On 3rd March, about seven o'clock in the morning, I was looking out at the loft window, and saw the prisoners coming across the fields from Harefield way—each had a basket—Brown was in the farm—I called him, and we followed the prisoners—they turned back into my master's grounds, and then came into the yard with us—I looked into the baskets—there was some bacon, a copper plate, and other things—we kept them, and sent for the police—Brill put his hand into his bosom and threw something over the hedge—Hazel and Inspector Cook came—I told them, and they found this jemmy (produced)—the prisoners knew we had sent for the police.

Brill. I never had that iron. Witness. What he threw away was like this—it was like a piece of black pipe.





WILLIAM HENRY BROWN.
 I work with Mayhew. I saw the prisoners crossing a meadow at Pole Hill, in a direction from Harefield to the London-road—both had baskets—they afterwards came back into my master's grounds—we examined the baskets—they contained bacon and other things—we

sent for the police—they came—I went with them, to trace the footsteps—we traced them across the fields, all the way to Mrs. Bray's—it took us three hours—the ground was moist—I noticed the impressions the prisoners' feet made, and measured them with the other impressions, they corresponded exactly—we found a third basket, with butter in it, covered with leaves, in Mr. Meeking's thicket, at Hillingdon, about three-quarters of a mile from where we stopped them.





GEORGE DOUGLAS HAZEL
 (policeman, T 104.) I was sent for about half-past seven in the morning of 3rd March, to Pole Hill-farm, and found the two prisoners with Brown and Mayhew—I found on Stare this basket, containing six pieces of bacon and this copper-plate—I asked where he got it—he said, from his own home, at Harefield—I believe he lives somewhere in Westminster—this tea and sugar, this card, the three of hearts, and this skeleton key I found in Stare's pocket—on Brill I found this basket, containing six pieces of bacon and two brass snuff-boxes; and this knife was given me by Brown, as found in Brill's basket—Brill stated that he got the property from his own home, at Harefield—he does not live there now—I saw inspector Cook find this jemmy, on crowbar in a spot where the witnesses said something was thrown—I took them to the station—I afterwards saw Inspector Cook find this third basket, containing eight pieces of bacon—I saw footmarks across the fields, for about four miles, leading up to Mrs. Bray's house, and Brill's footsteps were traced in her garden—I noticed the impressions his feet made in walking before I traced them.





EDWARD COOK
 (police-inspector.) One of the witness called my attention to Brill having thrown something away like a black pipe—I went to the spot, and found this crowbar exactly over the hedge—I accompanied the other witnesses in tracing the footsteps—we traced them upwards of four miles, up to the prosecutrix's cottage—in a spinney or thicket I found this third basket, covered over with leaves—I afterwards took the contents of the three baskets to the cottage, put all the pieces of bacon together, and with the remaining pieces which were left behind, they made up the two flitches quite complete—I have no doubt these pieces came from those flitches—I have been a butcher—I examined the window, it was broken, and there were marks of its having been prised open by an instrument—they exactly corresponded with this crowbar—that would enable them to get in—the nearest footstep to the cottage was right under the window.





MARTHA BRAY

re-examined. I know it was a quarter to six when I got up, I have a clock in the house—this is my bacon—I saw it all matched—this three of hearts was in the window where the prisoners got in—this copperplate stood on the mantelpiece, I have had it for years.





RICHARD HENRY BOWER.
 I am clerk to Messrs. Richie and Woodbridge, solicitors, of Uxbridge. I produce a certificate of Brill's former conviction—(read—Convicted June, 1838, and transported for seven years)—I was present at the trial. and know him to be the person.

BRILL—


GUILTY. Aged 48.—


Transported for Ten Years.


STARE—


GUILTY. Aged 28.—



Confined One Year.

