



2371. 




JOHN RICHARDS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of September, 1 purse, value 6d.; 8 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, 3 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the property of 



Manoel Joaquin Carniero da Cunha, from his person.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be from a man unknown.






JAMES CRESWICK
. I live in New Compton-street, Soho. On the 10th of September, I was going from Compton-street to the Kent-road—passing down Macclesfield-street I saw the prisoner with two others in Gerrard-street, Soho—the other two have been tried—I am positive the prisoner is the man who was with them—it was between two and three o'clock—I was alone—they appeared in conversation, and having seen this prisoner and one of the others before in the neighbourhood, I looked at them, and I saw just before them the prosecutor and another gentleman walking arm-in-arm together—I saw one of the others put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket, and take out his purse—I saw the purse in his hand, and he put it into his own pocket—the prisoner was as close as possible to the prosecutor, on one side of him—he appeared to be covering the other—the prosecutor was pressed so closely on the side where his purse was not, that it caused him to look round on that side, while the other took his purse—the prisoner then walked about a dozen yards straight on past the prosecutor, he then turned round short, and walked back again towards Princes-street—I told the prosecutor he had lost his purse.

JURY. Q. Have you the slightest doubt of his person? A. Not the least—I had seen him in my neighbourhood very frequently—my object was to take the lad with the purse—I thought I could have the prisoner taken afterwards.





MANOEL JOAQUIN CARNIERO DA CUNHA
 (by an interpreter.) On the 10th of September I was in Gerrard-street, Soho, about two or three o'clock—I had my purse safe in my pocket from nine in the morning till that time—I then lost it—it contained eight sovereigns, one half-sovereign, and three shillings—it was taken from me—MR. Creswick came to me—I did not notice any one.





GEORGE FREDERICK PASHELL
. I am a captain in the army. I was in Gerrard-street, walking with the prosecutor—I noticed no one but ourselves—I had knocked at the door of a lodging-house, and at the moment

the prosecutor turned, and said, "I Relieve I have been robbed"—I said, "Feel"—he did so, and his purse was gone—MR. Creswick came up, and pointed out a boy thirty or forty yards off—I ran and took him, and he gate the puree out of his pocket—there were a number of persons round.





JOHN WHALL
 (police-sergeant C 16.) I saw the prisoner in company with Hawkins on that afternoon between half-past three and a quarter before four o'clock—it wanted a quarter to four when I got to the station-house—I am confident the prisoner is the man, I have known him some time.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were you before the Magistrate in this case? A. Yes, and in the former case—I stated on both occasions that I saw the prisoner in company with Hawkins.

Prisoner's Defence. My uncle is partner with a person in Howland-street, Tottenham-court-road—his house is at No. 5, James-place, Hampstead-road. I was at his house from half-past one o'clock till half-past four last Thursday—I wanted to send there, but I could not write to my aunt to come—her name is Eliza Goodman.
(Joseph Shackle, police-inspector, was tent by the Court, and returned with Eliza Goodman.)





JOSEPH SHACKLE
. I have been to No. 5, James-place, Hampstead-road, and have brought Mr. Goodman—I went there as quickly as I could, but I am sure a person had been there before me.

COURT
to
ELIZA GOODMAN. Q. Did a girl come from this Court to you before the officer came? A. Yes, she did.

Prisoner. Q. What time was I at your place last Thursday afternoon? A. I did not look at the clock—I told the officer it was Wednesday, but I was wrong.

Prisoner. Q. Was I not at your place all the afternoon A. You was there between three and four o'clock—I did not look at the time.

COURT. Q. Will you venture to swear to the day? A. I should not like to swear to the day, till I inquire of a washerwoman who was there.

Prisoner. Another aunt was there, whose husband is book-keeper at the Bull and Mouth, and her washerwoman can tell her the day I was there—I know nothing of this at all.




GUILTY.* Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.—(See page 812.)
