



1390. 




THOMAS JONES
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Charles Oliver, on the 
7th of April, at 
St. Dunstan, Stepney, and stealing therein, 7 yards of linen cloth, value 8s.; 11 yards of printed-cotton, value 6s.; 1 gown, value 5s.; 1 shirt, value 5s.; and 4 pairs of stockings, value 4s., his goods.






GEORGE OLIVER
. My father, Charles Oliver, lives in Clare-hall Cottage, Waterloo-place, Stepney. On the 7th of April, I went to his house about ten minutes after eight o'clock in the evening—I saw a light through, the window—my father was in the country at that time—I found the front door ajar, and an iron scraper placed against it inside—I entered the passage, and two men came out of the room into the passage—they were both strangers—I asked them what was up—they said, "It is all right, and Bob is backwards"—I said I did not think it was all right, nor should they go out till I had seen whether it was right or not—with that they struggled with me, and one of them said, "D—his eyes, knock him down"—they forced their way out, and got into the garden in front of the house—I attempted to take hold of them again, and they got through the gate, pulled the gate to, and struck me in the breast with it—they got into the street—I followed them into the field—one of them (the prisoner) fell down, and then I secured him—they had both been running—I was not out of sight of them at any time—it was nearly dark—it was twilight—I am sure I had them in sight the whole time, from the time of their getting to the gate till the man fell—I was close to them when they got out of the gate—I hit against the gate with my breast, which closed it—I had to open it again—I was about eight yards from them when I got out, and they rather gained ground—when the man fell, they were about as far from me as to the corner of this Court—they ran fifty or sixty yards before I caught them—I lost the other man entirely—the prisoner and I struggled in the field—I called, "Stop thief" all the way I ran, and when I secured him I called out for the police—a man named Bunn came up and helped me to hold him, and then Sergeant Shaw came up—we took the prisoner back to the house—I found every thing out of place and in confusion, drawers broken open and boxes too, and the things all in an uproar, all brought out into the middle of the room—the prisoner was taken to the station-house by a policeman, who Shaw gave him to—I afterwards went with Sergeant Parker with a lantern, which we got from the Maid and Magpie public-house, to the place where we had seized the prisoner, and found there four pairs of stockings and a crow-bar—I saw the prisoner in the passage from the light which was in the room, and know him by his face.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did he not say he was not the person who had been in the house? A. He did—the garden-gate opens into Wellington-place—there are houses between the cottage and the Maid and Magpie field—it was about ten minutes after eight o'clock—the road is very hilly, which caused him to fall—he just had time to get on his

legs as I came up—he made a blow at me, and struck me in my breast, as I was about to lay hold of him—it did not hurt me—the candle was on the corner of the drawers at the back part of the room, opposite the passage door—the room is about ten feet square—I could not see in what direction Bunn came—he was before the Magistrate, and was examined once, I believe, but was not bound over—I believe there was some little difference between his statement and mine.





ANN OLIVER
. I am the wife of Charles Oliver, who is the son of Charles Oliver, who occupied Clare-hall Cottage. He was out of town at the time this happened—I and my husband had the care of the cottage while he was away, and lived in it—we always lived there—he was only gone on a job in the country, and was expected back again—on the evening in question I left the house about half-past six o'clock, with my husband and two cousins—I left the doors locked, and the shutters shot outside—we came home between one and two o'clock in the morning—we found my brother-in-law in the house, and the door broken open—I saw marks on the door next morning, as if it had been forced by a crow-bar—the drawers had been broken open, and the things turned out.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you any recollection of locking the door yourself? A. Yes, I did it myself—I am quite certain—I pushed against it alter taking the key out—we have lived in the house three years—it is my father's house—my husband is a church-bell hanger.





WILLIAM SHAW
. I am a police-sergeant. About a quarter after eight o'clock on the evening in question I heard a cry of "Police"—I went up, and saw the prisoner struggling with Oliver—the prisoner fell—I went up and secured him—Bunn was up before me, endeavouring to assist the prosecutor, when I got up. but when I first saw them there were only two of them—I saw Bunn go up and assist before I got up—I collared the prisoner, and asked Oliver what was the matter—he said he had found this man and another in the house—the prisoner said. "I never was near the house, you knocked me down, and almost cut my finger off"—I took him back to the house—I found the front-door had been forced—there were marks on it, and the bolt of the lock was forced out of the box—the room was in confusion, and the property turned out of the drawers—a candle was burning on the drawers in the bed-room—the house is all on the ground-floor—I found this handkerchief stretched out on the bed, and this linen in it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you observe whether his finger was bleeding? A. Yes, it was.





HENRY JOHN PARKER
. I am a policeman. On the night in question I went to the Maid and Magpie public-house with Oliver, and got a light—we went to the field, and found four pairs of stockings and a crow-bar—Oliver pointed out the place to me, and the things wore found on the exact spot where he pointed out as having scuffled with the prisoner—I examined the bed-room door that night, and found a pressure, apparently done by some instrument just the width of this crow-bar—it was between the door and the jam—I put the crow-bar to it, and afterwards measured it, and consider decidedly that it corresponded—the drawers were inclosed with two folding-doors, and there were similar marks on those doors—I saw some marks on the outer door, but they appeared more forced by the body than an instrument—at the station-house 1 observed that three pairs of the stockings had blood on them, and remembering at the time the prisoner was brought in that his finger was cut, I asked him how that happened—

he said, "That is all I have got for my trouble; I heard the cry of 'Stop thief" I ran after the man, and had just laid hold of the tail of his coat, when he turned round and cut my finger, by some means, I don't know how"—I observed it was rather a haggled cut.





CHARLES OLIVER

re-examined. I had a knife in my pocket, but did not take it out.





ANN OLIVER

re-examined. I know this linen—this shirt is my father-in-law's—it is marked—it was in the middle drawer when I went out—I left nothing on the bed when I went out—I know this dress to be my mother-in-law's—that was also in the middle drawer, and this piece of print covered over it—I was in the room when she put them into the drawer—these stockings belong to her—they are new—there were six pairs tied in a piece of blue paper—they were all gone from the house on this night—my mother-in-law showed them to me just before she went away—they have no mark on them—I should not swear to them, but this pair I can swear to, which have been washed, and they were tied up in the same parcel—I believe them to be the same.

Cross-examined. Q. How long ago did you see her put them into the paper? A. The week she left—we have only found four pairs out of the six.
(Thomas Green, weaver, Bonner's-lane, Bethnal-green, deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for ten Years.

Before Mr. Justice Patteson.

