



1194. 




ELIZABETH LOVELL
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
26th of March, 1 bag, value 1d.; 2 keys, value 1s.; 2 half-crowns, 7 sixpences, 10 pence, and 3 halfpence; the property of 



Yanikowski Casimer, from his person.






YANIKOWSKI CASIMER
 (through an interpreter.) I am a Pole, and have served in that army as an officer. On the 26th of March, about twelve o'clock, I was walking in Cornwall-street—the prisoner came up, and wished me to go home with her—I told her to go along, I did not want her—she continued walking on with me, wanting me to go with her, but I would not—I had about 25s. in silver, in a bag, in my pocket—she took my bag from my pocket, and wanted to run away—I held her, and called out, "Police"—she shook the bag, and some money fell on the pavement out of the bag—the police then came up—this is my bag—there were two keys in it, which are here how.





THOMAS COOK
. I am a policeman. I was on duty, and heard a cry of police—I went towards it, and saw the prosecutor and a number of people assembled—he was holding the prisoner by the hair of her head—the mob were crying out against the prosecutor for his brutality—I thought at the time that it was a street row—the prosecutor being a foreigner, I had some difficulty in ascertaining what it was—I told him to let go of the prisoner, and tell the nature of the offence—I could not understand him, and she went away—I kept my eye in the direction she went about forty or fifty yards—I went into a house, and found her sitting behind the door up stairs—she appeared to be fainting, and called for water—I got some, and after some little difficulty I got her to the station—while the prosecutor was making the charge I took two shillings and two sixpences out of her mouth—I afterwards picked up a shilling

that dropped from her hand, and some halfpence, amounting in all to 4s. 6 1/2 d.

Prisoner. It is false; they searched me, and found nothing on me, Witness. She was searched afterwards by a female, and nothing was found on her then.





JOSEPH HENRY WALLS
. I am a tailor, and live in Lucas-street, Commercial-road. I went into King David-lane station, to speak to sergeant Harris on private business—while there I saw the prisoner brought in—she was placed in an outer room, near the fire—while sitting there I heard a sound like the jink of money, which attracted my attention—she was sitting within two feet of the fire at the time—I asked the reserve man on duty for a light—I took it, and looked underneath the grate, and there discovered some halfpence—I took them up, and on looking further I observed the bag which has been produced, and some keys—there was 1s. 6d. in silver, besides the halfpence—I have not the least doubt she is the person that threw them there—it was while she was waiting for the female to search her—I stated to the sergeant what I had seen.

Prisoner's Defence. I was taken to the station; I had 3s. 6d. in my mouth; it was my husband's market-money; I know nothing about the bag and keys; I have been in a place as laundress.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Ten Years.
