



1966. 




MACKENZIE M'KAY



, stealing whilst employed in the Post-office a post letter, containing 1 neckerchief and 1s.; the property of 

the Postmastergeneral. 


MR. CLARKSON
and
MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLOTTE RADFORD
. I reside at Medina-place, Brixton-hill. On 15th

Oct. I addressed a letter to Miss Doughty, Bankside, near the Hoy Inn, Margate—I enclosed in it a silk-handkerchief folded up, and 1s., wrapped in a piece of blotting-paper and then in a piece of tissue-paper—I also inclosed a letter, fastened it with wax and put two stamps on it—I gave the letter to my father-in-law to post, while I remained in the chaise—I saw him go into the shop—it was about five minutes to twelve o'clock in the day—I believe this handkerchief (produced) to be the same I enclosed—I did not purchase it myself—this cover (produced) is my handwriting, and these are parts of the letter—the handkerchief was produced to me that same night by Cole—this blotting-paper (produced) looks very much like that in which I put the 1s.,—it is in holes at the folds.





THOMAS RADFORD
. I am father-in-law of the last witness. On 15th Oct. I received a letter from her to take to the post-office; it was directed, Miss Doughty, near the Hoy, Margate—I drove to Brixton Church, got out and posted the letter at a shop opposite, in the same state I received it, at five minutes before twelve o'clock—I was present, when my daughter-in-law inclosed the 1s., she put it in a little bit of blotting-paper—I wrapped it up—she also inclosed a little neck-tie for the baby, wrapped in a bit of tissue-paper—I have since seen one—I should say it was the same.





CHARLES MIDGLEY
. I am assistant to the letter-carrier at Brixton. I find the stamp of the Brixton post-office on portions of this letter—a letter posted there at twelve o'clock, would be forwarded by the letter-carrier to Clapham at a quarter-past one.





MATTHEW PEAK
. I am a constable of the Post-office. I produce a piece of blotting-paper, which I got from the prisoner's waistcoat-pocket.





THOMAS RADFORD

re-examined. It was such a piece of blotting-paper as this in which the shilling was wrapped—it is the same sort as my daughter-in-law had lying on her desk.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. I suppose it is the same sort of blotting-paper that any daughter-in-law of any gentleman in London might have on her desk? A. I dare say it is.





ANN TURNER
. I am in the service of Mrs. Radford. On the morning of 15th Oct., I purchased a neckerchief for her at Mr. Bennett's, at Brixton-hill—I brought it home, and gave it to Mr. Radford—it was such a one as that produced.





MART ANN BENNETT
. I sold a lady's neckerchief to Turner, on 15th Oct.; to the best of my belief this it—I had six of them—the officer showed me this the same night; I then had the other five in stock.





JOHN ROBINSON
. I am a letter-carrier at Clapham. On 15th Oct., about half-past one o'clock, I collected the letters which had been posted at the post-office at Brix ton-hill—I took them to the sorting-office at Clapham, delivered the paid letters to Mr. Baldwin, and the stamped ones I tied up myself—I noticed two or three letters that were not included in the tied-up ones—they were not very thick, but soft, and were kept separate for fear they should burst; they were put loose into the bag.

Cross-examined. Q. How many letters were put in loose? A. Two of three; not more than three—that does not occur every day—the bag is forwarded to London by the mail-cart.

BALDWIN. I am chief charge-taker at the Clapham-office—I made up, and dispatched the bag to London on 15th Oct., about five minutes before two o'clock—the letters brought to me by Robinson were included in that dispatch.





GEORGE JOHN ROUGH
. I am driver of the mail from Clapham. On 15th

Oct., I took the two o'clock dispatch from the Clapham-office to the General Post-office—I delivered it there at twenty-six minutes past two.

Cross-examined. Q. Does your duty end after the delivery of the bags? A. Yes: I have nothing to do with opening them.





WELCOME COLE
. I am an inspector of letter-carriers at the London District-office. In consequence of what had occurred before, on 15th Oct. I placed myself in a situation to command a view of the water-closets, without being seen by the persons in them—it was about half-past two o'clock—some directions had previously been given to the plumber—between ten minutes and a quarter-past three I saw the prisoner enter the closet—I have known him upwards of eight years, the whole time he has been in the office—he seated himself on the seat, and took from his pocket a letter, which he broke opeo, and, in so doing, I observed that there were two postage labels upon it—he then tore the envelope twice cross ways, and threw it down the sink on bis left hand—he then unfolded the letter, took out a small portion of it, which appeared to me to be dirty paper, which he broke, and from which he took a silver coin, I could not say whether it was a shilling or a sixpence—he put it in his trowsers—pocket—he then unfolded the letter further, upon which 1 instantly saw a lady's neckerchief—he destroyed the whole of the letter by tearing it in pieces, apparently made use of it, and threw it in the basin—he then got off the seat, put the handkerchief in his left coat-pocket behind, adjusted his clothes, took the handkerchief from his pocket again, unfolded it, looked at it, then pot it into his pocket, and hurriedly left the closet—I immediately went and informed Mr. Smith, the Superintending President, of that I had seen; and, in consequence of his directions, I went to Blackburn, the plumber, and in a very few minutes I received from him these fragments of a letter, and this envelope—I had sent him to the first of the two water-closets where the prisoner had been—after the prisoner had been taken into the President's room, I accompanied Mr. Sculthorpe down stairs, and saw him take a great coat from a peg pointed out to him by a clerk—that coat was afterwards owned by the prisoner—he changed it in my presence for the one he then had on, and wore it—I saw Mr. Sculthorpe take from the pocket of that coat this handkerchief, which I believe to be the same that I saw the prisoner with in the water-closet.

Cross-examined. Q. Will you swear positively that is the handkerchief you saw? A. No, I will not; but to the best of my belief it is—the water-closet only contains one seat—there is another closet adjoining it—I had been watching there before a little before one, and then saw the young man who was last tried—I did not return again till half-past two o'clock—I was watching near three quarters of an hour before the prisoner came in—it was at a time when a great many collections arrive from the suburbs—the persons would not quite have finished their duty—I saw no one but the prisoner during the three quarters of an hour—I have not given evidence in other cases of this description, only the one this morning—I had watched the prisoner before that day—I had not watched others particularly, I had seen them—I had no instructions to watch anybody, until I observed the prisoner on a former occasion—I have watched the closet before 15th Oct., and seen many persons enter, but did not see anything destroyed—I have been a very short time employed in watching, three weeks at various times—I have not given any evidence with reference to those three weeks, only to-day—the place in which I was would enable me to see both seats—there is a separate door to each closet—they are parted by a partition—I was above the partition, and looked down—I looked through an aperture, not through any glass—there was space enough for me

to see with both eyes—I occasionally looked with both, and sometimes with one and sometimes the other—it was rather inconvenient for me to look with both—I watched both the seats from the same aperture—I could see both doors at the same time, but not both seats—I am an inspector of letter-carriers, and that is my duty—my duty is according to the instructions of my superior officers—I have many duties at the Post-office—it has been my duty to watch for the detection of frauds—I have been in the Post-office twenty-four years—that has not been my duty during the whole of that time—I have frequently had to do it—I believe that is pretty generally known in the Post-office—I did not go with Blackburn to the closet—I went with him within a short distance of it, and told him which it was—he returned in five or six minutes—I have no other calling besides Post-office duty, I am quite sure of that—I do not carry on any business besides—I had a son in the Post-office, he was eighteen years old—he is not there now—he was discharged—I live at 2, Melvin-place—I have not got a greengrocer's shop there—I have nothing to do with it, it is my son's—the same son you allude to—I have not the slightest interest in the business—he is now twenty-five or twenty-six years old—he has been discharged from the Post-office five or six years—his Christian name is the same as my own—the name of "Cole" is over the door—I receive a regular salary for my duty at the office; I receive something in addition—I have received 2s. for attending here to-day, for refreshment, from the Solicitor of the Post-office—I receive other additions to my salary, very trifling—I am frequently sent eight or ten miles into the country, and I have my coach-hire, nothing more—I only receive the 2s. for my expenses here—I did not receive 2s. for the last case—I shall receive 2s. a day for the days I have been away from the office on this business—I have only been one day before the Grand Jury, and one day here—I shall only receive 4s., nothing more, except the expense of coach-hire which I have been put to—I was sent last evening to Brixton, to order the persons to attend here—I went to Brixton in an omnibus—from there to Clapham, and from there in a cab to Hayes-place, Lisson-grove; I charge 6s. 6d. for that—I came from Hayes-place to Pentonville in an omnibus—on one occasion, many years ago, I received 30l., as a reward for detecting a man stealing a letter—ray salary is now 120l. a year—I am not paid my additional expenses every week, it may be in the course of a fortnight or a month—I present my bill whenever occasion requires me—I may not have occasion to present a bill for a much longer period—I have not received any other sum besides the 30l.—yes I did, I think two years ago—it was a portion of a reward offered by Government, for the apprehension of a man who escaped from the Post-office—my portion was 10l.—I never received anything else.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Do you submit your expenses to a superior officer before they are paid? A. I do, to Mr. Smith, the Superintending President, and he certifies that they are correct before they are paid—the 10l. I received was from the Solicitor of the Post-office—the reward altogether was 20l.—Peak had the other 10l.—I think the 30l. was twelve years ago—I had then been nearly twelve years in the Post-office—it was ordered to be given me by the Postmaster-General—from the time I saw the prisoner enter the water-closet, no one came in to draw my attention from him—the two closets open into the same room—I accompanied Blackburn within fourteen or sixteen yards of the closets, the prisoner was in the first.





WILLIAM BLACKBURN
. I am the plumber belonging to the Post-office. On 15th Oct., about three o'clock, I was sent by Mr. Cole to the first water-closet—I searched it, and found some parts of a letter floating on the water—I

took them out and gave them to Mr. Cole—I bad previously stopped the pipe of the closet at a quarter to one—I was there at a quarter-past one.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you receive simply your wages at the Post-office in these cases, or anything extra? A. Simply my wages—I am not paid anything extra for attending here to day.





WALTER ROBERTSON SCULTHORPE
. The prisoner has been in the employment of the Post-office for eight or nine years—he was on duty on 15th Oct. last—the Clapham two o'clock dispatch arrived at half-past two—the prisoner opened the bag—it was his duty to check the number and amount of the paid letters, and to place the stamped letters on one side to be taken to another portion of the office to be sorted—if there were any stamped letters loose in the bag, he should place them with the bundle of stamped letters to be taken away to be sorted—I saw him that day employed in the performance ofthat duty—in consequence of something I heard, I sent for the prisoner about half-past three that afternoon—I took him into Mr. Smith, the President's private room, and said, "There is a letter missing containing a handkerchief and 1s., and you have been seen to destroy it"—he was very much confused—Mr. Smith said, "You hear what Mr. Sculthorpe says; what have you to say?"—he answered," I have not seen such a letter"—he was then searched by Peak—he had on his office or working coat—I asked if he had another coat down-stairs; he said he had—I went down into a room where the men hang their coats up—a coat was pointed out by a man named Everett; and in the left-hand pocket of it I found this handkerchief which has been produced—I then took the coat and handkerchief up-stairs, to the prisoner—I asked whether that was his coat; he said it was—I said, "I have found this handkerchief in the coat pocket"—he said it must have been put there by design or accident, as there were other coats hanging there—he took off the coat he had on, and put on the other, and was taken to the solicitor's office.

Cross-examined. Q. Is the witness Cole in your department? A. He is; I believe he does not receive anything from the Post-office besides his annual salary—occasionally the Postmaster General has been pleased perhaps to make him a present of 10l. for his services—I remember a case of that kind about three years ago—I do not remember any other—he may hare received more—I have only been connected with this painful duty five years—I feel it to be painful, and in consequence of the painful nature of it I have declined to have anything more to do with it—the bag that comes from Clapham would be emptied on the table in the presence of a good many persons, who would be waiting to carry the letters away to other departments—they would not be standing round the table, but sitting side by side—they are porters, the stamped letters are taken by a porter—I do not know what porter took the stamped letters on this occasion; I have not inquired—one porter would not do the whole duty. Q. Has the prisoner at any time refused to perform any duty? on the Friday before this transaction was he asked to do Sunday duty at the Post-office? A. I recollect on the Friday before he was seen to destroy another letter—that is the only thing I recollect about the Friday before—that was by Cole, not by me—I had the letter afterwards in my possession—I am not aware that he had been asked on the Friday previous to do Sunday duty—I did not ask him—I believe all in the establishment were asked—I believe he refused; I cannot say—he was in my department—I know the names of those in my department who refused, because evervbody has

refused, and therefore I may say that the prisoner has—there were a great many coats hanging in the place where the prisoner's coat was; there were seven pegs all full—there might have been one or two coats hanging on the same peg—I did not notice—the prisoner's coat was the first I took hold of, it was pointed out to me—it is a common passage, through which a great many persons would go from time to time—the prisoner may at times have called my attention to loose money that had fallen from letters, it is frequently the case—I do not recollect his doing so.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. How many years have you been in the Post-office? A. Twenty-five.





JOHN EVERETT
. I am a clerk in the London District Office. I pointed out the prisoner's coat to Mr. Sculthorpe—I knew it to be his; there were no others hanging on the same peg, there were close to it.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it the prisoner's duty to sort the stamped letters? A. No; the stamped letters from the Clapham bag would be put down to some of the sub-sorters, or clerks, to be sorted.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. There are letters which, from their bulk and softness, it is considered desirable not to strap, lest they should burst? A. The letters do not tie so well together then, and they put them in loose—it would be the duty of whoever opened the bag to stand those letters on one side, they would be taken away together.





MATTHEW PEAK
 (re-examined). I searched the prisoner and found on him six shillings, three sixpences, and one half-crown.

Cross-examined. Q. Was there a 4d.-piece? A. I think not—the blotting-paper was among the silver in his waistcoat pocket.

JURY
to
WELCOME COLE. Q. When the prisoner was in the closet had he the same coat on in which the handkerchief was afterwards found? A. I am not able to say, they were both dark coats, and the pockets were similar in both.
(Rev. Joseph Fisher, of the Presbyterian Church of England; Alexander Stewart, surgeon, of Aldersgate-street; William Forsyth, surgeon, of Charing-cross; Alexander Macintosh, commission agent, Warwick-lane, Newgate-street; John Stewart, tea-dealer, Walworth-road; John Murray, coal-merchant, Great Scotland-yard; and William Farmer, of Charlotte-terrace, Islington, deposed to the prisoner's good character.) 


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—Strongly recommended to mercy by the Jury, on account


of his good character.—


Transported for Seven Years.

