





1616. 




MARY NORRIS,



 JOHANNA BOURKE
, and 




EDWARD WARD
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
3rd of May, 1 watch, value 2l. 10s.; 1 watch-chain, 6d.; and 2 watch-keys, 1s.; the goods of 



James Frederick Edwards: and that Bourke had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES FREDERICK EDWARDS
. I am a traveller, and live in Paddington-street—between two and three o'clock in the afternoon of Wednesday, the 3rd of May, I was near Well-street—I went to a public-house to take my orders—Bourke came in, and said if I would come to her house, she would give mean order—I went with her to Well-street—she took me to a public-house, and tried to get some orders, and then asked me to give her something—I said I would give her 1 1/2 d. of gin—she then said, if I would go to her place, I might get an order from the landlady—I went up stairs with her, and Norris came in, and took my watch, which was on the mantel-piece—I do not know what induced me to put it there, but I did—she gave it to Ward, who came into the room, and Bourke held me, that I could not run after him—I told Bourke I had no objection to stop with her if she was not married, but there was nothing improper between us—the watch has not been found.





JOHN GARRARD
. I saw the prisoners going up Well-street together—Ward said to another person, "There is something up, come on"—I have known all the prisoners perfectly well for years.





SAMUEL MOYES
 (police-constable D 45.) I took Norris and Bourke in Caventdish-square—the prosecutor was with them—he said they had stolen his watch, and gave them into custody—they said he never had a watch—he afterwards pointed out Ward to me—Ward said he never saw Norris that day, and knew nothing of the charge.

Norris's Defence. I went up to Bourke for some things; I came out, and saw her and the prosecutor turn into a public-house; I called her out; the prosecutor followed her; he asked if she was single, and whether she would let him go into her room: we came up stairs, and he gave me 6d. to go for sixpennyworth of gin; we drank that; he put down 1s., and wanted more; I refused to go: I had 1 1/2 d. and a latch key in my hand; he jumped up, and said, "I have lost my watch; I hear the chain." I showed him what I had; he threatened me, and this young woman said, "Do not hurt her;" he said he would stick me. I came down with the prosecutor, and walked about fifty yards from the police-station; Bourke came after me, and the prosecutor gave me into custody: as to Ward, I never saw him.

Bourke's Defence. I was going up Well-street, very much in liquor; I met the prosecutor and two more; he said he would get me employ at a pickle warehouse. I have often drank with him for five or six years; I met

him again in a public-house in Union-street; he had got no orders; he went come with us. I never saw any watch.





JAMES FREDRICK EDWARDS

re-examined. I never saw her before. Ward's Defence. I was standing at the corner of Union-street; the prosecutor came up, and said, "I want to speak with you;" I went round the corner, and he got a policeman; he said, "This is the man that has got my watch;" and then he said, "It is not you, it is some one else." I never saw Norris or Bourke that day.





SAMUEL MOYES

re-examined. The prosecutor knew him again, but said he was in a different dress.





JAMES LEWIS ASHMAN
 (police-constable F 119.) I produce a certificate of Bourke's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner Bourke is the same person.
(Ellen Moriarty gave Norris a good character.)

NORRIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

BOURKE—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.

WARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.






Transported for Seven Years.

