



817. 




JANE BLINKFORD, alias
 Mary Williams,

 was indicted

 for feloniously and knowingly uttering a counterfeit shilling, to 



John Apple Englehart, tin the 
13th of February; having been previously convicted of uttering counterfeit coin.


THE HON. MR. SCARLETT
and
MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant-solicitor to her Majesty's Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Jane Blinkford for uttering counterfeit coin—I have examined it with the original record in this Court—it is a true copy—(read.)





ROBERT BARBER
 (police-constable C 168.) I was here in June, 1839, When the prisoner was tried for uttering a bad half-crown, on the 23rd of May, to Jane Evans—she pleaded guilty, and was confined six months.





JOHN APPLE ENGLEHART, JUN
. I am the son of John Englehart, who keeps a pork-shop, in St. Martin's-le-grand. On the 13th of February the prisoner came to the shop for a saveloy, which came to 1 1/2 d.—I served her—she offered me a shilling—I looked at it, and told her it was a bad one—my

father was in the shop—I gave it to him, and went for a policeman—I saw my father mark the shilling.





JOHN ENGLEHART
. On the 13th of February I saw the prisoner in my shop—she gave my son a shilling, which he gave me to look at—I marked it, and afterwards gave it to the constable—the prisoner attempted to leave the shop—I ran after her, and she was secured outside—this is the shilling—(looking at it)—she was going to leave the shop two or three times—I said she had better wait for the change—she knew my son was gone for an officer—I told her to wait for the change—I kept the shilling in my hand, and gave it to the officer.





EEWARD COGHLIN
. I was in the police on the 13th of February, and took the prisoner into custody at the prosecutor's shop—he gave me this shilling, which I have had ever since—I was going to search the prisoner at the station-house—she refused to be searched by a man—I said, "Produce what property you have got, and I will not search you"—after some hesitation she produced a bad half-crown, and I did not search her—she gave the name of Mary Williams—we asked her residence—she said she lived where she could.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Mint. I have examined the half-crown and shilling produced—they are both counterfeited in every respect.

Prisoner. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.
