





1936. 




JAMES JOHNSON, alias
 Wilkins

, 




GEORGE PHILLIPS, alias
 Lamb

, and 




SAMUEL BARKER
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 half-crown; the monies of 



Robert Thackeray, from the person of 



Theresa Thackeray; and that Phillips and Barker had been before convicted of felony.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.
THERSEA THACKERAY. I am the wife of Robert Thackery, of James-place, George-street, King's-cross. On Sunday morning, the 1st of Aug.; about ten minutes to ten, I was in Chapel-street, Somers'-town—I had halfa-crown and a halfpenny in my pocket—the witness Parsons spoke to me—I searched my pocket, and the half-crown was gone—the half-penny remained—the three prisoners were pointed out to me by Parsons, who told me that one of them had picked my pointed—I tried to lay hold of the one that he said had the half-crown—I caught hold of Johnson and another—I cannot say which picked my pocket—they got away from me, and all three ran—there

was a cry of "Stop thief!" and Johnson was taken first—he said if I waited a minute he would give me the money back.

Johnson. Q. Did you not first say to me, that if I gave you the half-crown back you would let me go? A. Yes; you said you would give me the half-crown if I waited, and of course you would not do that unless you had taken it.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON.
Q. There are always a good many persons about there on Sunday morning? A. Yes, there is a sort of market there—they walked steadily up the street as far as the length of this Court, till I took hold of two of them—I had them in sight all the way, and then they ran

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. Barker was not in custody the first time you went before the Magistrate? A. No, he was taken afterwards—Parsons did not point him out to me as the person who had taken my half-crown—he was one of the three—two of them were before the Magistrate on Monday, the other I think on Friday—Parsons pointed out the three to me, and told me one of them had the half-crown—when I caught hold of two of them, they were all three standing in a row





JOHN PARSONS.
 I am a shoemaker, at 12, Ossulton-street, St. Pancras. On Sunday morning, the 1st of Aug., I was in Chapel-street, Somers'-town, and saw Mrs. Thackeray and the three prisoners there—they were close together—I saw Barker put his hand into her pocket, and take out a half-crown-piece, the other two were close behind him at the time and must have seen him do it—they were close alongside, as if pushing him up—I saw the half-crown in his hand when he drew it out—they then left the place, and went to the middle of the road—Barker spun the half-crown up, and said she had not got above 6d. left—I then went and asked Mrs. Thackeray if she had lost half-a-crown, she felt in her pocket, and missed it—I did not attempt to take either of them into custody—I saw Mrs. Thackeray attempt it, but they got away.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON.
Q. How near you to Barker when he tossed up the half-crown? A. Closer than I am to you—I distinctly heard him say those words—the half-crown did not go up very high—I was immediately behind him, but I could see it in his hand as he went into the road—there were a great number of persons there—the street is not very wide or very narrow.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. Who do you work for? A. Mr. Leach; I worked for him last week, and have done so for nine years—on this Sunday morning I had been to get some provisions—I have never been a witness before—I am not an amateur policeman, nothing of the kind; I get my living by industry—the reason I did not assist the prosecutrix to take the prisoners, was that my arms were full of provisions at the time—I was at regular work the whole of the week before.





JAMES LIPPETT.
 I am a shoemaker, and live at 46, Wilstead-street, Somers'-town. On Sunday morning, the 1st of Aug., I was standing at my door, heard a cry of "Stop thief"!" and saw John running—I stopped him—Mrs. Thackeray came up soon after, and said he had stolen a half-crown from her—he said nothing to that—I took him into custody—he said on the road to the station, that if I would let him go he would get the woman the half-crown—I did not think that advisable.





GEORGE MANLEY
 (policeman, S 311.) In consequence of information, I apprehended Phillips, at eleven o'clock the same day, in Chapel-street—I told him the charge—he said it was a b—y lie, he had not robbed the woman.


Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON
Q. You took him very much about the same spot, did you not? A. I do not know whether it was near the spot; it was in Chapel-street—I do not know where he lives—there is something remarkable about his eyes—I have heard that he is nearly blind.





HENRY TOVEY
 (policeman, S 231.) In consequence of information, I apprehend Barker, on the 6th of Aug.—I found him in the back-parlour of No.2, Paradise-street—I do not know whether it was his lodging—I told him he was wanted, for picking a pocket of a half-crown-piece—he said, "So help me G—, if you had been another minute later you would have lost me"—the parlour-window was up at the time.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. Did not he say, "If you had been a minute later you would not have found me?" A. No, I am sure he made use of the expression, "So help me G—."

Johnson's Defence. I am entirely innocent, though appearances are against me; I was going up Wilstead-street, when I was stopped and charged by the prosecutrix with robbing her of half-a-crown; she said, if I gave it her back she would not prosecute me; I denied the charge, but being excited at the time I said I would give her one rather than be locked up, as I was going to work next morning; I never saw the half-crown, neither was I in company with either of the prisoners





JOHN HARDY
(policeman S 205.) I produce a certificate of Phillips' former convietion—(read—George Lamb, convicted Feb., 1844, and confined three months)—I was present at the trail—he is the person.





JEREMIAH LOCKABY
 (policeman S 180.) I produce a certificate of Barker's conviction—(read—Convicted Aug., 1845, and confined four months)—he is the person.

JOHNSON—


GUILTY.** Aged 19.

PHILLIPS—


GUILTY.** Aged 20.

BARKER—


GUILTY.** Aged 18.






Transported for Seven Years.

