



1120. 




JAMES MAYHEW



, forging and uttering a bill of exchange for 40l. with intent to defraud 



Cuthbert Collingwood Hall—Other COUNTS, with intent to defraud 



Harriet Ann Fisher.


MESSRS. CLARKSON, BALLANTINE, and
HUDDLESTONE, conducted the Prosecution.






CUTHBERT COLLINGWOOD HALL.
 I live at Farnham Royal, near Slough Bucks. I know the prisoner—I first employed him to negociate bills for me, I think, in 1843—after having employed him for some time my affairs were put in the bands of Messrs. Gray and Berry, my father's solicitors—that is rather better than two years ago—I have employed the prisoner on one occasion since that—I never gave him authority to sign my name to paper—(three bills were here produced by Mr. Martin)—this 40l. bill, dated Oct.26, 1847, purports to be drawn by me—the signature is not mine—I was not employing the prisoner at that time—I did not give him any authority to sign my name to it—I have not derived any benefit whatever from it—I did not endorse this bill for 27l. 14s. 6d., dated 1st Oct., 1847—I was not employing the prisoner then—I did not authorise him or any one else to endorse it—I know nothing whatever about it—the acceptance to this bill for 38l. 15s., dated Oct. 13, is not mine—I gave the prisoner no authority to accept that bill—I believed I had not been in communication with him, on the subject of bills, about that time—from having been sued on one or more of these bills I obtained the means of examining them—On 16th Feb, last I was at the Rainbow tavern; that was on the day I inspected the bills, after consulting my solicitors on the subject—I think I examined the 40l. bill on that day—I had seen it before—Mr. Butler, the holder, had come down to my house with them, and showed them to me, on 7th Jan., I think—that was first knowledge I had that these bills were out against me—the prisoner came into the Rainbow after I was there—I called him over, and said I had a very serious charge against him for forgery—Mr. Gray was with me—the prisoner said, "I confess to it all"—Mr. Gray said to him that he did not wish to take an undue advantage of him, as he had no professional adviser—the prisoner knew Mr. Gray—he said he confessed to it all; that the two bills for 40l., and the 27l. 14s. 6d., were forgeries; that the bill for 118l. was my genuine acceptance, but he had altered the date of the year from 1845 to 1847—the 118l. bill was not produced at that time.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY.
Q. How long have you resided at Farnham? A. Since 1842—I knew the prisoner in 1842, and had business transactions with him in 1843—when I first knew him he was in the employment of Mr. Flint, the auctioneer—he left that employment about a year and a half ago—he did not leave Mr. Flint to become my agent in London—he has acted in that way in issuing bills for me; I mean getting my bills discounted—I was not living on bills at that time; I had an income of about 700l. a year—I cannot tell how many a week I used to get discounted—I

had no business—I had about eight acres of hand then—I was a wine-merchant fifteen years ago, and a general merchant as well—I did not tell—I retired from the business—my father paid some things for me on that occasion—I believe he paid my debts; at least he paid 1200l. or 1400l.—I cannot tell whether I should have failed if he had not paid my debts—I am forty years of age next June—the settlement which my father made was in 1846 and 1847; that was done through my solicitors, Messrs. Gray, who are also my father's solicitors—that settlement related to the bills that the prisoner had got discounted for me at various times—there are memorandums of the bills produced in Court—I did not keep what is termed a bill-book; I kept a memorandum book—I cannot tell how many bills the prisoner got discounted for me from 1843 to 1846—there were not as many as a thousand or fifteen hundred—I have no idea how many—sometimes I did not get a bill discounted once in a month—the amount my father paid for me in 1846 and 1847 was, I suppose between 5000l. and 6000l.; that does not include all the prisoner's transactions—there is only one of his unsettled now—there was an annuity paid off, which was included in that—I have not accepted as many as twenty bills at a time, and sent them up to the prisoner—there may have been as many as three or four, but I think not more—perhaps that has not happened once in a month, and it may have been once a week—I cannot tell whether the prisoner had means of his own for discounting bills—I know that he got the bills discounted elsewhere—I paid him for the discount whenever there was an account—he never kept a correct account, and I cannot say that I did, there was so much put down, perhaps 10l. or 12l.—I presume he used to have that for his trouble—I dare say you have an account—there were no stated payments to him—I did not order wine through him—I did on one occasion; it was an acceptance of a party who became bankrupt, and he agreed to pay half in wine and half on an acceptance—I never got the acceptance, and the wine was very bad—I do not know that I employed the prisoner to transact any other business for me in London—I never saw Mr. Carruthers—the wine came from him—I know Mr. Wells, a wine-merchant—I believe I had two dozen of wine from him, through the prisoner, not twelve dozen—I do not think the prisoner ever hired a servant for me—I am not fond of the sports of the field—the prisoner purchased a fowling-piece out of the monies he had in hand—I did not order him to buy it for me—I never had it—I was never in the habit of using a gun for sports—I have not frequently sent blank acceptances to the prisoner—the month and year were always included, and my signature and the amount—the actual day was not always put in—I was not generally in the habit of leaving it to the prisoner—there may have been one or two such instances, never five or six at one time—I was not in the habit of sending the prisoner post-dated checks to cash for me, that I am aware of—I do not think I ever did that—I will not aware it, but to the beat of my recollection I did not—the check-book will show, it is here—I do not know that the prisoner obtained money from Mr. Wells on my account on checks—I have paid the prisoner checks to take up bills—I believe those checks were not dated—I will not positively swear it—I think I have not frequently drawn checks on my bankers, and sent them up to the prisoner, when I was not in funds at the bankers, to meet them—my bankers' book is in Court—I do not remember without that—I do not know that I have done so—my father did not have the bills that were given up—they were given into the hands of Messrs. Gray and Berry; they are here; they are in my possession and I produce them (producing a great number from



a bag)—I had a transaction with a building society—I remember a transaction with the Eagle Company for 1000l.—that was not negociated by the prisoner—I do not think he had anything to do with it—he did not introduce me to the gentlemen—I communicated with the prisoner about it, but it was done through another party—I did not place that 1000l. in the prisoner's hands for the purpose of bills—a great deal of the 1000l. was to meet bills which the prisoner had discounted for me—I do not remember a transaction with a building or loan society, in Titchfield-street, for 10.5l., about July, 1845—I swear I know nothing about it—this bill (looking at one produced by Mr. Parry for 105l., dated 19th July, 1845,purporting to be accepted by Mr. witness) is a forgery—I did not pay it, not that I know of—it appears that the prisoner has paid it, because it is in his possession—it was not presented to me—these are all my memorandums for bills (producing them)—I believe all the bills that were sent to the prisoner were made payable at his house in London, with the exception of one—I do not know that Mr. Wells was a director or manager of this society in Titchfield-street—I never had any transaction with that society—this is the first time I have heard of it—I do not know Mr. Hoffman—I do not know whether Mr. Wells is here to-day—(looking at a bill for 49l. 10s., dated May 2, 1844, also purporting to be accepted by the witness)—this is also a forgery—you have possession of it, and therefore the prisoner has paid it—I know nothing about it—I have not paid it, and never gave directions for paying it, that I am aware of; certainly not if I had been aware it was a forgery (looking at another bill for 70l, dated May 13, 1844, similarly accepted)—this is also a forgery—I never saw it before—the acceptance is not my writing, and not authorised by me—the prisoner is the drawer—I know his writing—I do not know whose writing the acceptance is—I cannot form any opinion of it; it is a trace, a feigned hand—it is an imitation of mine—this letter (looking at one dated Sept. 2, 1845,) is my writing—it is addressed to the prisoner—(this was a letter containing a list of acceptance falling due, among which one for 105l. was mentioned)—that is not the bill there referred to—I cannot tell the date of the bill referred to in that letter—this other letter, addressed to the prisoner, is my writing—(this was dated 2nd June, 1844, enclosing a check for 49l. 10s., to meet an acceptance)—that check was not for the payment of the 49l. 10s. bill you have produced—you will find a 49l. 10s. bill there, but the originals have been paid—you an bringing forward the forgeries now (looking at a three months' bill for 35l. 8s., dated 5th Sept., 1845, drawn and endorsed by the witness, and accepted by John Whatmore, selected from the settled bills produced by the witness)—I have not paid this bill—I have only seen it in the hands of my solicitors—the acceptance to this bill for 56l. 5s., dated 9th Feb., 1846 (produced,) is not mine—I did not authorise the prisoner to write that acceptance—I have never seen that bill, except in the hands of my solicitors—both these bills have been paid.

COURT.
Q. Can you account for their being paid? A. Living in the country my solicitor paid all that he supposed bore my name, there being the most implicit reliance placed on the prisoner—we never dreamt of a forgery, and I never knew anything about these bills until these last forgeries we are prosecuting for came out; and then, in looking over the vouchers with my solicitor, I found that he had paid two or three forged bills.

MR. PARRY.
Q. Did you, before your solicitor paid these bills, furnish him with an account? A. I furnished an imperfect account, for I could not give him a perfect one—if I have a 120l. bill drawn by the prisoner, and endorsed

by Heseltine and Edwards, I will produce it—we have produced every document we have got—I have not kept back any bills—this letter, dated 2nd May, 1846, is my writing, in which mention is made of a 120l. bill—I do not know where that bill is—you have all that I had in my possession or my solicitor's—(This was a letter to the prisoner, commencing "I enclose you there acceptance, and a list for May," twelve in number, one of which was for 120l.) By "a list for May," I meant a list of bills due in May—I do not know what has become of that 120l. bill—it may be in the prisoner's possession, for he did not return me the bills regularly, I have produced all his papers that I have—from 1843 to 1846, while these bill transactions were going on—I was very anxious to keep the matter from my father—he has expressed displeasure at my conduct, and I was afraid of his anger—he now known that I have since been attempting to discount bills with the prisoner—I was once a candidate for the auditorship of a union—I was not successful—I had arranged with the prisoner, that if I succeeded, he was to transact all the accounts for me—(looking at a number of letters)—these are my writing, except one—I did not enclose that to the prisoner—I never saw it before—(These letters, twenty-eight in number, at dates from Jan, 1844 to March 1846, were here read; they disclosed, on the part of Mr. Hall, a great variety of bill transactions with different parties, requesting the prisoner to transmit him bills for acceptance, pressing him to settle with the holders of some over due, and to remit him money, of the want of which he frequently complains.)—The prisoner was to satisfy the demands made upon him, by getting the bills discounted—I used sometimes, perhaps, to send him a check for 100l.—he had always a balance in hand—he has the accounts—I did not keep accounts in two or three instances—I sent them to him, and was to have had them back, but never could get them; and that threw me all behind—these letters are mine—(These were dated 1st June, 1847; 20th June, 3rd and 17th Sept., 16th Nov., and 20th Oct.; in the first, the witness requests the prisoner to get money from their old friends the usurers, &c.; and in the last, presses him to render the account so long promised.)—This letter is my writing (dated July 9, 1845, returning three bills of 118l., 115l. and, 120l., accepted, and requesting an account of the same)—my father has expressed to me the strongest disapprobation of my again discounting bills after the settlement of 1846—I bank at the Union Bank—I do not know that it is their custom to balance their customers accounts daily—mine was balanced twice a year—the prisoner has mentioned to me that he obtained the use of other persons' names to my bills—I have seen those names on the bills when they have been returned—several of them were perfect strangers to me—I believe he told me that my bills were so stale in the market, that it was necessary to freshen them up a bit with new names; and I believe that was the fact—I occasionally came to town to see the prisoner—I was not in the habit of meeting him in out-of-the-way places for fear of my creditors—I think only in one instance—I generally met him at Mr. Flint's, where he was employed—he left there somewhere about Aug., 1846.

Q. Has not the prisoner frequently represented to you the pressure he was under to meet your bills; and have not you authorised him to use your name under circumstances of great pressure? A. No, I have not—that I swear—it was between three and four when I met him at the Rainbow—it was not then proposed that the he should go to my father's to explain what matters were still out—I swear that—Mr. Gray was present during the whole of the interview, until I had the prisoner removed into a private room out of the coffee-room—I was with him in that room about half an hour—I did not,

then state to him that my father was very angy with me, that he had found out I was again in the bill market; nor did I suggest to him to go to my father to explain all the matters—that I swear—no one else was present.

COURT.
Q. Do you mean that after he had admitted himself guilty of forgery, you withdrew with him to a private room for half an hour? A. I do.

MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. Look at that bill, is that your writing? A. It is; (this was a bill for 49l., 10s., dated May 2nd, 1844,) this is the bill referred to in my letter of 2nd June, 1844—I met the prisoner accidentally at the Rainbow—I had not contemplated seeing him and taking him into custody at that time—my attorney was with me, I had been with him to inspect the bills at Mr. Abrahams' office—it was in consequence of the prisoner saying, "I suppose you will take me into custody, but I hope will not do so here," that I ordered the private room—whilst I was with him in the private room my attorney went over to the Temple to take counsel's opinion—that was the reason the half-hour elapsed—I have not told anything that occurred after that, only what occurred in presence of my solicitor before we went into the private room.

COURT.
Q. Then, had you no conversation in that half-hour? A. What took place in the private room was this, he turned his pockets out, and said there was no occasion to bring other people into the mess, or words to that effect, and he then gave me two bills and some notes, signed by Fisher—I have the documents, (producing them) and some street papers that he tore up and threw underneath the fire-place.

MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. Look at that bill for 118l., is that the bill referred to in your letter of 9th July, 1845? A. It us—the month and year was to that bill when I sent it to the prisoner—it is now dated 1847, there has been an erasure, and the 5 has been altered to a 7—I did not authorize that—this note is in the prisoner's writing—(this was dated 29th Sept., 1845, enclosing three bills to the witness, one for endorsement, and two for acceptance)—when the prisoner said he had got other persons signatures, he did not say that he had signed their names—I have only got into one discount matter since the settlement, but it has turned out to be two—on 7th June I sent the prisoner a 100l. acceptance to receive the money, but I afterwards found there were two bills out against me—they are both my own genuine acceptance—he wrote to me that the bill was on a wrong stamp—I have only one here—it was only one transaction with him—I believe Mr. Gray had full authority to settle the whole of the bills out against me—I never authorized the prisoner, either verbally or by letter, to write my name, on the contrary, he has been in the habit of sending me down bill to accept and return to him.





BENJAMIN GRAY.
 I am a member of the firm of Gray and Berry, solicitors. I was employed by Mr. Hall and his son to settle some bills due by the son—I paid several bills for him—a very few were paid personally by me, they were paid by our firm—on 16th Feb. I went to Mr. Abrahams' office to inspect the bills, and afterwards went to the Rainbow tavern to lunch—the prisoner came in, Mr. Hall beckoned him to come across to the box were we were, and said, "Mayhew, I have a serious charge against you"—Mayhew said he would confess all—Mr. Hall said, "Do you know I have had two actions brought against me," or "I have been sued in two actions, one by Fisher, and another by Smith"—the prisoner then said, "I confess your names were forges to Fisher's bills, but your signature to Mr. Smith's bill is a genuine signature, but I altered the date from 1845 to 1847"—Mr. Hall then produced a paper which I had given him, being an account extracted

from the declarations in the action commenced against him by Miss Fisher, on two bills of exchange, and Mr. Hall said, "Tringham's and Lacom's acceptances"—the prisoner said, "I forged them"—Mr. Hall asked if there were any other forgeries—Mayhew said there were not—Hall then said, "But Gingell holds some bills of mine which are forgeries"—he said he had seen Gingell, and Mr. Hall would not be troubled on bills that Gingell had—Mr. Hall asked if be would give an account in writing of the bills he had forged, and took out his pocket-book—the priosner seened disposed to give an account, and I said, "Mr. Mayhew, you know I am Mr. Hall's solicitor, and I do not wish to take an undue advantage of anything you may do," that was as the pencil and paper were produced—Mayhew said he had done Mr. Hall a great injury, and he supposed a policeman would be sent for, or that he would be given in charge, and requested that his wife might be informed—they went into a private room, and I went to consult the Counsel for the prosecutor—on my return he was given into custody by Mr. Hall.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you go to old Mr. Hall? A. No, nor did I propose to go, to the best of my recollection—I think I have a tolerably accurate recollection of what passed—I did not say, "You know Mr. Mayhew we would not hurt a hair of your head"—I was not examined before the Magistrate—I attended all four of the examinations—I dine at the Rainbow frequently, and have taken lunch there—Mr. Hall never furnished me with an account of the bills that were to be paid—he furnished some account, it was an imperfect statement—he said he did not know what his liabilities were—he gave me the names of parties who held bills of his—I paid all bills that were brought to me which I believed were his acceptance, or which had his name to them, except one or two, which are yet unpaid—I have not seen a bill for 140l. in the hands of Mr. Keen which is yet unpaid—I know Mr. Hall stated to me that he had two acceptance coming due in this year—Mr. Hall is being sued on some of these bills now in question—we are his sttorneys—we are defending three actions for him, two of them on bills now in question, and one for rent under a lease of an estate; not of Farnham, that is Mr. Hall's private property, but it is mortgaged—I have no recollection of defending any other actions for him, but I do not attend to the common law—I never practised at criminal law, mine is the conveyancing department principally—I employ Mr. Sleap here as my agent—I have had a good many claims sent in against Mr. Hall since Feb. 1846, but I cannot give you the dates—his father has paid from 4 to 5000l.—I paid a bill for 56l. 5s., dated 9th Feb., 1846—I was not aware it was a forgery—I had not shown it to Mr. Hall, or had any communication with him about it—I had no idea when I paid the bills that any of them were forgeries, or I should not have done so—I had barely any communication with him throughout the whole transaction.

COURT.
Q. Was that discovered since? A. Yes, in Feb. last, I believe—to the best of my recollection I paid this bill in Aug. or Sept. last.





JOHN WILLIAM BUTLER.
 I am an ironmonger in the Edgeware-road, and am acquainted with Mr. Hall. This bill for 27l. 14s. 6d., and also this for 40l., I received from the prisoner within three days of the time they are dated—the dates were Oct. 1st, and Oct. 26th, 1847)—the endorsement, Cuthbert Collingwood Hall, was on them, both when they were first brought—I held two other bills; one I hold now, but the other for 100l. I passed to Miss Fisher, of 66, Cambridge-terrace.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you at the Police-court? A. Yes—I saw Mr.

Gingell there—he produced billa before the Magistrate and the prosecutor, and I heard he was not required to attend any more—his bills turned out to be genuine, and they were handed back to him—I gave the bill of 38l. to Mr. Abrahams, and I think he produced it at the Police-court—I saw it put into Mr. Hall's hand—I had seen Mr. Hall before then, I think it was on 24th Oct., 1847, I then showed him these three bills and another one—he inspected them.

COURT.
A. Are you the plaintiff in any of the actions? A. No—Mr. Abrahams is Miss Fisher's attorney, I am her agent—she makes a little money in the discount way.
Mr. BALLANTINE.
Q. And she is the Plaintiff on these bills? A. Yes—I went to Mr. Hall, at Slough, on 24th Oct., that was a day or two before the 40l. bill became due—I knew the one for 27l. would not be due till Jan., but I saw him about that one—I saw him on the four—I think itt was about 27th or 29th Dec.,—I was wrong when I said 24th Oct.—I think it was before the bills became due—I swear it was not 7th Jan., because it was about the time the bill was coming due—it was on or about 27th Dec.—I think I showed him this bill of 26th Oct. before it came due—I went down because I was told they were not Mr. Hall's acceptances, and I took them in my pocket to ask him the question—he said the bill for 40l. was not his acceptance—the bill for 38l. he thought was his acceptance, but afterwards he said it was not—the bill for 100l. he said was his acceptance—that his been since paid—he said the bill for 27l. 14s. 6d. was not his acceptance—I should not like to swear that I went down to Mr. Hall before the bills were due, but I think it was—I heard they were supposed to be forged the evening before I went down—Captain Tringham called on me and told me something—I had the bill in my possession at the time it became due, Miss Fisher had given it me—I had it more than two days—I always present them when they are due—I think they were not due when I went to Slough—I think they had not then been presented.

COURT.
Q. Surely you must know whether you had found any obstruetion to its being paid? A. I had not, that was one reason for thinking it was not forged—they were presented as a matter of course—I am not confident of the day I presented them, I think it was before they became due—I certainly presented them after having been down to Mr. Hall, that I swear—I had but the 40l. bill at that time to present—I presented that to Mr. Hall, at Mayhew's house—I did not see Mr. Hall.

COURT
to
MR. HALL.
Q. How were the bills renewed? A. With fresh ones—the prisoner sent them down to me, two or three at a time, for my acceptance—my letters show no acknowledgment that I had received them from him—I never gave him any authority to sign a bill—he has never found funds for the purpose of bills—he always had a very large balance in hand, but I never could get an account from him.
(William Kensitt, collector of Poor's-rates for the parish of Marylebone; John Loveridge, Esq., 11, Grove-place, Lisson-grove; Thomas Studd, auctioneer, 28, New Church-street, Edgeware-road; John Kempsall, Star and Garter, Edgeware-road; George William Mellership, 13, Paddingtongreen, omnibus proprietor; James Lennine, 2, Harcourt-street; and Charles Allen, 10, Upper York-street, Bryanston-square, upholsterer, all gave the prisoner a good character.




GUILTY. Aged 41.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.—


Transported for Seven Years.

