



2108. 




HENRY ALLEN
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Henry Large, on the 
15th of June, at St. Luke, Chelsea, and stealing therein, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 snuff-box, 2l.; part of a ring, 19s.; 1 pair of scissors, 1s.; 1 snap, 6d.; his goods; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM HENRY LARGE
. I live at No. 14, Upper Gloucester-place, King's-road, St. Luke, Chelsea. On Thursday, the 15th of June, between half-past four and seven minutes after five o'clock, I had in my sitting-room a watch, on a stand on the mantel-piece, and a tortoiseshell snuff-box, inlaid with silver, mounted with a miniature, and supposed to be set in gold, containing several articles—I had the watch in my possession at twenty minutes after four—the private door was not open, but a latch-key was occasionally left in the hall—somebody must have got in by means of a latch-key, without breaking the door—I do not know the prisoner—I saw some of my property again on Saturday morning—I had seen the door secure myself, at half-past three, and my servants were out of the house at that time, and did not return till afterwards.





ALFRED HULME
. I am assistant to Mr. Hyam, a pawnbroker, of Hamlin-place, Fulham-road. On the 15th of June, between four and six o'clock, the prisoner brought this snuff-box, and sold it to me for 4s.—he came again on the 16th, and pledged a metal watch for 5s. in the name of George Lapmore, No. 9, Queen's-gardens.





HENRY REYNER
 (policeman.) On the evening of the 17th of June, I took the prisoner in charge from the last witness, took him to the satation, found this seal and snap on him—when he was before the Magistrate he said he picked them up.

MR. LARGE
re-examined. These are all mine—I have been offered ten guineas for the box.

Prisoner's Defence. I did not take the watch or box; a man gave me 6d. to take three books to the pawnbrokers.





HENRY HILL
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—I was present at the trial—he is the man (read).




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Life.

There was another indictment against the prisoner.
