



1259. 




SAMUEL BROWN



, stealing 28 spoons, 3 candlesticks, 25 forks, and other articles, value 48l. 5s.; the goods of 



Mary Buchanan Mansfield, his mistress, in her dwelling-house.



MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






HORATIO MANSFIELD
. I am a student at law—I live with my mother Mary Buchanan Mansfield, who is a widow, and lives at 51, Grosvenor-street—the prisoner was butler in her service for four or five months—she was about to discharge him—I was present on Thursday, 17th May, when she told him to be ready to give up the plate at six o'clock that day—he was to go as soon as he had given it up—he went away without giving it up—I examined the plate that afternoon—I missed a pair of sugar-tongs, twenty. eight spoons, a cup and cover, a kettle, and a great many other things—I did not see the prisoner again till he was in custody at Vine-street—I received one letter from him, and my mother received one—they are signed by him, but I do not believe they are his handwriting—these articles produced are my mother's—her house is in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square—it is her dwelling-house.

Cross-examined by
MR. COOPER. Q. This notice for him to leave was a sudden thing? A. Yes—he was a yearly servant—his wages were paid quarterly—they were 45l. a year, and board and lodging—I do not recollect when I had seen this plate—I had certainly seen it since the prisoner had been butler.





JOHN GREY
. I apprehended the prisoner—I told him it was for stealing various articles of plate from the house of his mistress in Grosvenor-street—he said it was quite right, he had only borrowed the plate, and be intended to return it—he said he had written a letter, begging for mercy—this plate was found at the pawnbroker's.





WILLIAM LAYTON VINCENT
. I am a pawnbroker, and live at Brompton—I produce a silver teapot, a cup and cover, a candlestick, some spoons, and other articles, pawned by the prisoner—he was in the habit of coming to my shop on horse-back, or driving up in a dog-cart, with a servant by his side, that induced me to take the plate.

Cross-examined. Q. These things were pawned for nothing near their value? A. Within 10 per cent, of their value—he had redeemed some things once or twice—he pawned this cup on one occasion, and redeemed some spoons and forks—he said he was going to have a dinner party—I am not aware that any of these articles have been pawned more than ones—man who represented himself as the prisoner's servant has pawned in the name of Shipway—I have advanced 51l. on the things pawned with me—I certainly should not have advanced that, if I had not thought he was pawning his own plate.





SAMUEL OLLIFF
. I am a pawnbroker. I have two table-spoons pawned by the prisoner—I ought to have produced a tea-kettle, but I have not brought it with me—I will give it up.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you known the prisoner long? A. Yes, sometime—he has pawned wearing-apparel with me, and redeemed it again—these are the only silver goods I received from him—he has never redeemed these.





WILLIAM BROOKS
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce two plated dishes, pawned by the prisoner for 1l. 5s.

Cross-examined. Q. Has he ever redeemed any thing from you? A. Not that I am aware of.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years.

There were two other indictments against the prisoner.
