



71. 




WILLIAM GIFFORD
. was indicted

for feloniously receiving 3 sovereigns and a 40l. bank-note, the property of 

her Majesty's Postmaster General; well knowing the same to have been stolen by 



William Frost, from and out of a certain letter.



MR. SOLICITOR GENERAL, MESSRS. SHEPHERD. and
ADOLPHUS. conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE HODGKINSON BARROW ESQ
. I live at Ringwood Hall, near Chesterfield. On the 7th of October I posted a letter at the Chesterfield post-office, directed to Messrs. Currey and Wilmer, Old Palace-yard, West-minster, London—I enclosed in it a 40l. Bank of England note and three sovereigns, and marked it "pre-paid"—I have an account with the post-office, and as such did not pay it—I have here my bill-book in which I entered the particulars of the note I enclosed—(looking at a 40l. note)—this is the number, date, and signature of the note I enclosed—not receiving any answer from Messrs. Currey, I wrote to them, and then learnt it had not arrived.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you put the letter into the post-office yourself? A. I did.





JOHN ROBERTS
. I am postmaster of Chesterfield, in Derbyshire. On the 7th of October, I remember a letter being in the office in Mr. Barrow's handwriting—I know his handwriting very well—it was addressed to Mr. Currey, or Messrs. Currey and Wilmer, Old Palace-yard, Westminster, and there were enclosures in it I could tell—it was marked "pre-paid," and we marked it "4d." in red-ink—that would be the amount of postage for a bank-note and three sovereigns—I saw that letter in the office before five o'clock—it should have been in London the following morning—the bag leaves our office at half-past six.





ANN CLEAN
. I was in Mr. Roberts's service; I keep an account of the postage due from Mr. Barrow for letters passing through the office; I have that book here. On the 7th of October we received a letter, and have entered it here "4d."—I remember receiving a letter that day—I do not remember the direction—the amount of postage was marked on it in red-ink, which is the usual mode of marking a pre-paid letter—the letters which were received at our office that day were all duly forwarded at half-past six o'clock—the bag was sealed—this letter was forwarded with others in the sealed bag.

Cross-examined. Q. Were many letters forwarded the same day? A. Yes—I cannot recollect this particular letter being forwarded—there is nobody else in Mr. Roberts's employ—the letters were forwarded at half-past six o'clock—I cannot tell at what hour the letter was brought—it might be three or four hours before.





MR. SOLICITOR GENERAL
. Q. Did you put a bill into the bag with the letters? A. Yes—here is the bill that was put in on the 7th of October—it is my writing—this "2" and "10" means a 2d. letter unpaid, and the amount of letters passing through London is 10d.—this 2s. 6d. paid is the amount of the paid letters in the bag.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. At what time in the day did you make this bill? A. At half-past five o'clock—I made it from looking at the amount of the letters themselves—I did not notice this letter in particular—there was no other letter which came to 4d. to my recollection—I do not recollect observing this letter when I made out the bill.





MR. SOLICITOR GENERAL
. Q. Did you enter Mr. Barrow's letter in your book before or after you made out that bill? A. Before.





CHARLES FREDERICK ARMSTRONG
. I am a clerk in the General Post Office. I remember the Chesterfield mail-bag arriving on the 8th of October, tied and sealed in the usual way—I opened it and took out the letters

—here are my initials marked on the bill which was in the bag with the letters—I wrote my initials the moment I told up the paid letters—they corresponded with the bill—if a letter arrived in that bag addressed to Old Palace Yard, Westminster, it should be delivered the same morning.





WILLIAM RUSSELL
. I am a letter-carrier in the General Post Office; the district in which I carry letters includes Palace-yard. On the morning of the 8th of October, I was on duty at the Post-office—Frost's duty was to collect the paid letters, and carry them to the inland letter sorters' table, where they are sorted—if a paid letter of Messrs. Carrey and Wilmer's had been there, it ought to have found its way to my seat—I do not recollect having such a letter that day—I did deliver a paid letter at Messrs. Currey and Wilmer's that day—the butler generally receives them from me, sometimes the servant—I delivered all the letters I found on my seat that morning.





THOMAS RUSSELL
. I am assistant inspector of letter carriers. I know William Frost—his employment in the morning was to collect letters from the Inland office, where they were sorted, and convey them to the letter carriers' office, previous to being carried out—he was employed on that duty on the 8th of October—if a letter was directed to Old Palace-yard, it would be his duty to bring it from the Inland office, and place it on the seat of the last witness.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know he was on duty that morning from seeing him acting? A. I know he must have been on duty from the book 1 have here, in which his own name is signed against the particular duty he had that morning.





WILLIAM CURREY
. I am the son of Mr. Currey, of the firm of Currey and Wilmer, Old Palace-yard. On the morning of the 8th of October I was at the house, and received the letters delivered by the postman—there was no letter that morning from Mr. Barrow—on that morning Mr. Currey and Mr. Wilmer were both absent from London—Mr. Barrow afterwards wrote to us.

Cross-examined. Q. You received the letters, I suppose, from the hands of one of your servants? A. I do not recollect who it was from—it was not from the postman—it must have been about ten o'clock in the morning that I received them—I have no recollection of receiving them that particular morning, but I know I was in town—the letters are rather later than usual since the new postage, and they vary more—the butler usually receives the letters from the postman.

MR. SHEPHERD. Q. Was it your duty, in the absence of the partners, to receive the letters? A. Yes.





WILLIAM COOK
. I am butler to Mr. Carrey. I generally receive the letters which come by the post—I have no doubt I was at home on the morning of the 8th of October—if I received any letters that morning I delivered them safe—if Mr. Currey is in town I lay them in his private room; if not I lay them on the slab, and the first gentleman who comes in takes them—I recollect Mr. William Currey was in town, and it would fall to him to take the letters—I placed there all I received.

Cross-examined. Q. You do not remember any thing about that particular day? A. No—there are a great many letters every day—I always deliver the letters to Mr. William Currey when he is at home—I never leave them on the slab if Mr. Currey is in town—there was one female servant in the house—when she takes them in she leaves them on the slab—it is

the general rule to do so—if I am in the house I always take them—it is my duty to go to the door—the letters are sure to come between ten and eleven o'clock—the slab is in the front hall.





ELIZABETH WELLER
. I am servant to Mr. Currey, and live at the house of business. In the absence of Cook I receive the letters from the postman—I lay them on the slab in the front hall always—I cannot say whether I received any on the 8th of October.

Cross-examined. Q. Is it possible you might have received them that day, and put them on the slab? A. I cannot say; I do not think it likely; no, I did not receive them that day I know, because when I take them in what there is to pay I always refer to the butler, and I had nothing to do with them that day—I am quite sure I did not take them in that day.





MARY BURFORD
. I am cook to Mr. Attwood, of No. 8, Delahay-street, Westminster. The prisoner was footman there—Mrs. Attwood had been out of town a month or six weeks, and returned on Thursday, the 8th of October—the prisoner returned with her—she went out of town again on the Friday, and left the prisoner behind—on Saturday morning, the 10th of October, before twelve o'clock (I think), Frost, the postman, called on the prisoner—I knew him very well—he had called on the prisoner before—the prisoner was out when he called this time—I cannot recollect whether he came again in the evening—in the evening I saw the prisoner with a 40l. Bank note—he took it out of his pocket, and said it was a 40l. note—I said, "If it is a 40l. note, I do not think it is your own, it is your mistress's, to pay the trades people"—I cannot recollect that he made any answer—next morning (Sunday) he went out, about eight or nine o'clock, and staid out all night—he returned on the Monday—I afterwards saw Frost, and I think, on the Monday—he called at our house, and asked for Gifford, but he was not at home—he called afterwards from time to time, and I have seen the prisoner with him—they went out—next Sunday, the 18th, the prisoner went out, and returned in the evening—on the Wednesday following he was taken into custody.

Cross-examined. Q. How long has Gifford been in Mr. Attwood's service? A. I have heard him say six months—I have been there five months—I think it was unusual for him to have a holiday on Sunday, when the family were out of town—he had no employment to keep him constantly in the house when the family were out—he conducted himself in a most proper manner while master and mistress were from home—he had charge of the plate.





SUSAN HAWKINS
. I am not related to the prisoner. On Saturday morning, the 10th of October, the prisoner came to my house at half-past eleven o'clock, Frost came there, about ten minutes past twelve, and they went away together—Mrs. Frost went with them—on the following Monday the prisoner and Frost came together, about ten minutes past twelve o'clock, and went away immediately—(I had been out with Mrs. Frost, and came over Westminster-bridge with her)—when the prisoner and Frost came I told them that Mrs. Frost had left my house, and gone to Prince's-street, to Mr. Burrell's, and on that they quitted my house together.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you not know whether Mrs. Frost and the prisoner are related? A. I do not think the female is married to Frost—there is a relationship somehow between the three.





JOHN CRACKLEN
. I am a butcher, and live in Great Charles-street, Westminster. On Saturday night, the 10th of October, or Sunday morning,

the prisoner came and asked for change for a 40l. note—I had not got it, and could not give it to him—I think it was on Sunday morning.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know him A. Yes, ever since he has been in the service—Mr. Attwood deals with me.





ABRAHAM CATCHFIELD
. I drive the Southgate coach. I know the prisoner, by frequently carrying him to Southgate, as a passenger—on Sunday morning, the 11th of October, he travelled with me to South-gate—I saw him standing at the Flower-pot, in Bishopsgate-street, when I drove up—he asked if I could give him change for a 40l. note, or bill, but which of the two I do not recollect—whether I took the from his hand I do not know, but I told him I would see if I could get change—I went to the booking-office, the book-keeper was not there, and I told him I could not get change, but would endeavour to get it on the road to Southgate—in going along the road he reminded me about getting change before we got any further, and at the next place to Basing-house I applied for change by his desire, but being church time I could not get change there—I believe he said nothing further about it—he returned to town with me on Monday morning the 12th, at eight o'clock—I did not know his name but his person—I considered I could find him at any time, being intimate with his friend.





HENRY EATON
. I keep the Cherry Tree public-house at Southgate. The prisoner came to my house on Sunday the 11th of October, (I believe)—I had seen him before at my house, when he came down by the coach, and the coachman seemed very friendly with him—I did not know his name—he dined at my house on Sunday, came again in the evening, had tea, and slept there—when he came back in the morning, he said he had some silver in his pocket, but not quite enough to pay his bill, and asked if I would change a 40l. note—I said, "Yes," and did so—I paid the note away on Monday morning to Mr. Sewell, the collector of Taylor and Co., the brewers—the prisoner's bill amounted to 7s.—I gave him a 10l. note, perhaps some fives, and some sovereigns and silver—I could not swear to the note.





WILLIAM SEWELL
. I am collector to Taylor and Co., brewers, at Lime-house. On Monday, the 12th of October, I received this 40l. note from Mr. Eaton, and gave him change out of it—I have written "Eaton" on it, which I did when I received it—the note produced is the same—(examining it.)





THOMAS PHILLIPS
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England. There is not more than one note of the same amount, number, date, and signature.





GEORGE ARNOLD
. I live in John-street, Blackfriars. I lodged with Frost the letter-carrier, and paid him 8s. a-week for the lodging, and for he and his wife looking after my children—they had, to the best of my knowledge, one table, a few odd chairs, a bedstead, and clock—I do not remember any more furniture—Mrs. Frost has sometimes asked me for 1s. or so of the 8s. before it was due—I lodged with them fifteen or sixteen weeks—I lodged with them in October—they left the house on the Saturday previous to their being taken—I have seen the prisoner twice before at Cumberland-street, where I and Frost lived—I saw him on the Sunday morning before they left, and once three or four days before.





MARY TATTERSALL
. I have known Frost and his wife eighteen months, and the prisoner three weeks or a month before he was taken—the first time I saw him was with Mrs. Frost, in Tothill-street—I have been at Frost's lodging in Cumberland-street, and have seen the prisoner there, and also seen him

at Frost's lodging in John-street—I saw the prisoner and Mr. and Mrs. Frost in October last, and have seen him at Mr. Burrcll's public-house in Prince's-street, near Westminster Abbey—I saw them there one Monday—I think it was the Monday week before Frost was taken up—I am sure it was on a Monday—I heard of Frost being taken on the Wednesday—I cannot say whether it was the Monday before that—I believe it was the Monday week before—I saw them at Burrell's between twelve and one o'clock—they had refreshment there—I saw them on the Sunday following, in Cumberland-street—I drank tea there, and Frost and the prisoner were there—I did not see the prisoner afterwards—on the Sunday before the Wednesday on which Frost was taken, I drank tea at Frost's house in John-street, and the prisoner was there then—I saw a new sofa-bedstead and carpet there, which I had not seen in Cumberland-street—I was there on the Monday, but I did not see the prisoner.





GEORGE WILLIAMS
. I am shopman to Mr. Crawcour, an upholsterer in the New-cut. On Saturday, the 17th of October, Mrs. Frost and the prisoner came together to my shop, and bought a sofa-bedstead and a round mahogany table, which came to 3l. 15s.—the prisoner paid for them—he tendered me a 5l. note—I asked whether he had endorsed it—he said, "No," and if I objected to that one, he would give me another—he had some papers in his hands, which I concluded were notes—I did not know him before—I sent the goods to "No. 12, John-street, Blackfriars-road, for Mr. Frost"—the prisoner wrote that direction on this piece of paper, in pencil.





BENJAMIN SINGLETON
. I live in Stafford-place, Pimlico. I know the prisoner—he came to me on Monday, the 19th of October—in the course of conversation I said I wanted to borrow 10l.—he put his hand into his pocket, and gave me a 10l. bank-note—he lent it to me.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. A householder—I am in the service of the King of Hanover—it was his Majesty's pleasure to leave me in England—I have known the prisoner about eight months—I believe him to bear an honest character—I knew where he lived when he lent me the money—I did not ask him whether the note belonged to any body—I gave him a note of hand for it.





MR. SOLICITOR GENERAL
. Q. Is that note of hand now in hit possession? A. I never had it back.





NICHOLAS PEARSE
. I am an inspector of police. On Wednesday, the 21st of October, I saw the prisoner at the door of Mr. Attwood's house, No. 8, Delahay-street—I went up and asked if his name was Gifford, and if be resided there—he said, "Yes"—I said, "Did you change a 40l. note at Mr. Eaton's, at the Cherry Tree public-house at South gate, about the 11th or 12th?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "How came you by that note?"—he said, "I had it of a female"—I asked what female—he said his cousin—I asked where she lived—he said, "She is gone to Bristol"—I said, "Where does she reside at Bristol?"—he said, "I don't know"—I told him I was an inspector of police, and asked him to accompany me to the station—I was in plain clothes—we walked together to the station—when there, I asked when he received the note—he said, "Last Saturday week"—I asked where he received it—he said, "At No. 4, Cumberland-street, Blackffiars-road"—I asked what time in the day—he said, "In the afternoon"—I asked if any body was present besides himself—he said, no—I asked if she was a married woman—he said, yes—I asked

what her husband was—he said he did not know—I said, "What it his occupation?"—he said he was a tailor by trade—I said, "What did she say when she gave you the note?"—he said she said, "You can get it changed with some of your trades people, I have saved it up unknown to my husband, as I want to go into the country to see my friends"—I said, "When did you see her alter that period?"—he said, "I saw her on my return from the country, in Great George-street, she was waiting for me"—I understood he meant his return from Southgate, that was the only place that had been mentioned—I said, "What change did you give her?"—he said, "I gave her a 10l. note, two 5l. notes, and the rest in sovereigns; I gave her 5l. when I received the note"—I said, "When did you see her last?"—he said, "Last Sunday"—I said, "Where was that?"—he said, "No. 12, John-street, Blackfriars-road"—I said, "Who was present?"—he said, "Her husband"—I said, "It is no use your telling me you don't know what her husband is"—he then said, "I will tell you, he is a general postman"—I afterwards went to John-street, and found a new sofa, table, a new mattress and bed, a carpet, a tea-pot, and several articles.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you have been in the police from its very commencement? A. Yes, and have been an inspector nearly all that time—I did not tell him, before I asked these questions, that he was suspected of receiving the note, knowing it to have been stolen from the Post-office—I told him at the station-house that the note was stolen, but not previous to the conversation—I think the conversation was nearly over before I told him the note was stolen—I did not give him any caution about answering me—I took down a few answers which he made while I was asking him the questions—he must have seen me doing it—I put down part of it—the name and address he gave me I put down—I believe I took down part of the conversation while it was going on, but it was a very small part—I have not the memorandum here—I think I tore it up—I have not seen it since the examination—I do not know that I took down any answer that he made—I do not recollect taking down more than the address—at that time I did not think the prisoner would appear in this Court—it was a mere subject of inquiry, having traced the note to him—I perfectly recollect the conversation, and as near as I can recollect have stated it.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.
