



850. 




THOMAS EGGLETON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
26th of September, 671bs. weight of lead, value 12s., belonging to the 

inhabitants of the county of Surrey, and fixed to a building.—2nd COUNT, the same not stating it to be fixed.—3rd COUNT, stating it to belong to 




Henry Heathcote Russell.






HENRY HEATHCOTE RUSSELL
. I live in Freeman's-court, Cornhill. I am clerk of the works, and superintendent of the Lunatic Asylum for the county of Surrey—there was some lead missing about the 21st or 22nd of September, 1839—it was a portion of the ridge lead, gone from a tool-house in the kitchen garden—it had been cut in length, and taken away—about half a cwt. was left—the policeman brought the lead, in a bag on the 23rd of September—I compared it—seven pieces had been cut, which were worth 10s. or 12s.—five out of the seven were brought back—the prisoner had been employed as a labourer there, I believe during the month of September—the tool-house belongs to the Asylum—it was formerly the residence of Mr. Perkins, and the Magistrates of Surrey purchased the estate to build the Asylum.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What were the works going on? A. Building the Asylum—Mr. Edward Lappenter, the architect, employed me—I lived there, in Mr. Perkins's house—I had the whole charge of the property.

COURT. Q. Had Mr. Perkins any thing to do with it during the time you were there? A. No.





JOHN WAYMARK
 (police-constable of Wandsworth.) I have known the prisoner twenty years—about eight o'clock on the 20th of September, 1839, I passed the prisoner in Garratt-lane, Wanda worth, about half a mile from where the lead was stolen—he had the bag produced with him—he turned up the lane to the Asylum—I did not speak to him—I am sure he is the man.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know it was the 20th of September? A. I am sure of it—I saw the bag, soon after it was found in Mr. Martin's fields, with the lead in it—I was about two yards from the prisoner when I saw him in Garratt-lane—it was a light-looking bag, and he was carrying it under his arm—I did not tell the Magistrate that I met him with a white

bag which was quite empty, under his arm, and not the bag which has got the lead in it now.

COURT. Q. Did you notice the bag? A. Yes, under his arm—it was a coarse-looking light bag—there is no mark on it—this is the same sort of bag.





WILLIAM HEATH
. I am bailiff of Mr. Martin. I was so in 1839—Garratt-lane parts the Asylum from Mr. Martin's land—Mr. Perkins parted with the land in 1838—he had nothing to do with it after the Asylum had begun building—I had not seen him interfering—he used to do so before—in September, 1839, I was in one of our fields adjoining the lane with some men and women picking up potatoes—it was twenty minutes to nine o'clock, on the 20th of September—Mr. Heath's factory-bell had rung half-past eight—I saw the prisoner come over the stile into the lane into our premises—he had a bag on his back—he ran into the first field, and threw the bag and its contents into a ditch, and covered it with some nettles—I was about thirty yards from him—I went towards him, and met him face to face—I said, "What have you been putting in the ditch?"—he said, "It don't belong to me"—I said, "I suppose it is something you have been stealing; I suppose you have robbed some poor man's house? let us go and see"—we were going to the ditch—I got a little before him—he slipped behind me, and ran away—I sent a boy after a policeman, who came before the boy got back—there was a bag under the nettles with something it it.

Cross-examined. Q. Of course you told the Magistrate all this? A. I did, what I said was taken down, and read over to me, and I signed it—I had never seen the prisoner before that day—I swear to him because I took such particular notice of him—I have said I did not know, till I saw him again whether I should be able to swear to him or not.

COURT. Q. But when you did see him, you knew him? A. I knew him immediately—I have no doubt about its being him—there were three women, a boy, and two men in the field.





EDMUND BRUCE
 (police-constable V 19.) On Friday, the 20th of September, 1839, I went with Heath to a ditch, and found a sort of fustian, light bag containing five pieces of lead—I was present when Mr. Russell applied them to the roof of the house—they agreed with the marks where the lead had been ripped from—there were seven pieces taken away—I searched for the prisoner—I could not find him—I did not know where he lived—I searched at Merton, Beddington, and round the country—the building is in the county of Surrey.
(The witness Heath's depositions being read, omitted to state that he had spoken to the prisoner.)




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

