



565. 




HENRY KENNEDY
 was again indicted

 for feloniously receiving, on the 
30th of November, 7 pairs of gloves, value 10s.; and 1 yard of woollen cloth, value 8s.; the goods of 



John Hipwell Goodgames and another; well-knowing the same to have been stolen by 


John Wingfield. 2nd COUNT, for feloniously receiving the same of a certain evil-disposed person; against the Statute, &c.


MR. JONES
conducted the Prosecution.





JAMES SHROSBURY
. I am in partnership with Mr. Goodgames—we have two houses of business in the silk mercery and drapery line, one at Potten, in Bedfordshire, and the other at St. Neot's—I superintend the business at Potten, and Mr. Goodgames at St. Neot's—I engaged Wing-field as a shopman at our business at Potten, in the latter end of November last, at 40l. a year—not personally—he came there as shopman, about the 25th of November—I paid him on the Saturday evening after he came, 15s. for travelling expenses—he purchased nothing of me during the time he was with me, but one pair of trowsers—that is all that was entered to him—I left home on the morning of the 17th of December—Wingfield did not give me any intimation about leaving, on the contrary, he appeared perfectly satisfied—I returned home on Saturday, the 21st, of December, and found he had left—in consequence of what has since taken place, I have examined my stock, and have missed such articles as I charge him with stealing—I missed some gloves, and woollen cloth, or kerseymere.





WILLIAM BENNETT
. I was fellow shopman with Wingfield at Potten

—I remember Mr. Shrosbury going from home on the 17th of December last—about five o'clock that evening, Wingfield said to me, that Potten was a dull place, he was tired of it, the business did not suit him, and be did not suit the business, therefore he should leave—he said he should send a man for his box and carpet-bag—he went away, and afterwards sent a man for them—he never returned to the shop—I informed Mr. Goodgames of what had taken place.





JOHN HIPWELL GOODGAMES
. I am in partnership with Mr. Shrosbury—Ilive at St. Neot's—in consequence of information which I received from Potten, about the 17th or 18th of December, I went to Potten, and found Wingfield had left—I came up to London with Mr. Carrington, a friend, and found Wingfield and Kennedy at the Goose and Gridiron, St. Paul's-churchyard—I gave them both into custody—I afterwards went to Mrs. Hayes, 26, John-street, Blackfriars-road, with Brook, a policeman—I was shown into the second floor back-room—I saw a writing-desk there with the name of Kennedy on it, and a box with the name af Wing-field on it—I was present when that box was broken open, and some letters and duplicates taken out—I found in that box a piece of kerseymere, and some gloves, with our private mark on them—they had been taken from the stock at Potten—the greater part of these gloves have my private mark on them, and I believe this kerseymere to be mine, for I saw the fellow piece when I got home, which I presume this was cut from—I have not the least doubt this belongs to me.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Have you more than one partner? A. Only one.





JOSEPH BOYD
 (City police-constable, No. 270.) I was on duty in St. Paul's-churchyard on Friday, the 18th of December—I was called to the Goose and Gridiron—I went up stairs and saw Kennedy there—Mr. Goodgames inquired for Wingfield—Kennedy said Mr. Wingfield had left the house about a quarter of an hour previously, that he could not be seen that night, but they were to lunch together on the following morning, at eleven o'clock, when he might be seen—that he would give the gentleman Mr. Wingfield's address, and he wrote with a pencil on a piece of paper, "No. 4, Bloomsbury-square," where he said Wingfield's friends resided—I then left the house—I was called to it again about two hours afterwards, and Mr. Goodgames gave both the prisoners into my custody—I searched Wingfield, but found no keys on him—I found a small key in his great-coat pocket which fitted a carpet bag that was in the house, which he said was his—I searched that bag, and found these letters in it—I afterwards searched Kennedy, and found a bunch of keys on him—I afterwards applied one of those keys to the box at No. 26, John-street, and it fitted it—I have the box here—I found no key on Wingfield that would fit that box.





SARAH HAYES
. I live at No. 26, John-street, Blackfriars-road. Kennedy lodged in my house from the 10th of July up to the 19th of December, in the two-pair back room—when he came from Cheltenham, he brought Wingfield with him, who remained at my house about a fortnight—he went away on the 17th of November, and never returned—Kennedy continued to lodge there till the 19th of December—when Wingfield came he brought with him the box now produced—when he went away, he left that box behind, and took with him a box belonging to Kennedy, at least Kennedy took it, and told me Wingfield was going into the country, and he took out his box, and a carpet bag for him.






GEORGE HINDE PALMER
. I am acquainted with Wingfield's handwriting—I believe the letters produced to be his hand-writing.





JOHN ALLEN
. I am of the firm of Hall and Allen, silk mercers, St. Paul's-churchyard. Wingfield and Kennedy both lived in my service—I know Kennedy's hand-writing—I believe the letters produced to be his writing.





JAMES BROOK
 (police-constable L 118.) I. went to No. 26, John-street, and broke open the box with Wingfield's name on it—I found it in these letters in Wingfield's hand-writing, also the gloves, cloth, and duplicates produced.
(The letters produced were read in part by Mr. Jones, and showed that various goods from the prosecutor's stock had been from time to time forwarded by Wingfield to Kennedy—the letters from Kennedy to Wingfield pressed for further supplies of goods. Among other expressions in Wingfield's letters, were the following:—"I shall walk into the broadcloths and kerseymeres tomorrow, and no mistake; I intend to make my trunk rather heavier by to-morrow night: I have shrunk the stock very much: you must think, out of a stock where the returns are only 4000l., it is difficult to get much, as I am afraid they will miss them.")




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
(There were other indictments against the prisoner.)

Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
