



288. 



MARY SWEENEY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
16th Dec, 1 purse, value 6d.; 1 half-crown, 12 shillings, and 1 sixpence; the property of 



James Smith, from his person; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES SMITH
. I am a ship's carpenter, and lodge in Bushell's-rents, St. George's. On the night of the 16th of Dec. I met the prisoner in High-street, Wapping—I went with her up a court—I do not know the name of it—I was not many minutes with her there—I had a purse containing 15s., in my left hand waistcoat pocket—I missed it—I knew it was safe two minutes before—I said, "You have taken my purse"—I do not know what she said, but I caught hold of her right hand, and the purse was in it, and I knew by the feel of it that she had extracted some money from it—I asked her about the rest of the money—I saw her drop some from her mouth, and there was about 5s. 6d. in her other hand—it fell on the ground—I called the

policeman, who came up—I picked up about 5s. 6d., which I gave to him, with ray purse, and I gave the prisoner in charge—this is my purse—I was sober.





JOSIAH CHAPLIN
 (policeman.) Between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, on the 16th of Dec., I was fetched to Globe-court, Wapping—I there found the prosecutor and prisoner—he gave her into custody for robbing him of his purse and 5s. 6d., which he gave me, saying he had picked it up—I found one shilling on the ground, and there was 5s. 6d. in the purse.

Prisoner's Defence. I am not guilty of it; he had the money in his hand, and he dropped a shilling, which remained on the ground till the policeman came up; I had it not in my hand; he gave me part of the money first, and said he would give me the rest; he would not give it to me, and it fell out of his hand.





WILLIAM WORMOYLE
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from this Court—(read—Convicted 3rd of April last of larceny, and confined three months)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person—I have known her for a long time to be a bad character—she has always borne the reputation of a thief.




GUILTY.**—


Transported for Ten Years.

