



1833. 




WALTER GARDNER
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; of a man unknown, from his person, having been before convicted of felony.






MARTHA WEST.
 I am single, and live in St. Ann-street, Westminster. On the 25th of July, about half-past ten o'clock in the evening, I was in Tothill-street, and saw the prisoner take a handkerchief out of a gentleman's pocket, and put it in his left breast—there was another man with him—the prisoner said "hush" to him—he got away—I followed the prisoner, lost sight of him for a few minutes, caught sight of him again, and am sure he is the same person—I took particular notice of him—there was a lamp—I swear to him.

Prisoner. Q. If you were close to the gentleman, why did not you tell him? A. When I turned round he had gone into some house—he was a shortish gentleman—I did not know you before—I have not made inquiries about the gentleman.





DENNIS DEVINE
 (policeman, 61 V.) On the 25th of July, about half-past ten o'clock at night, I took the prisoner, and asked what he had in his pocket—he said, his own handkerchief—I found this handkerchief and nothing else—I found no other handkerchief—he said, "It is blued"—I suppose he meant that it was disposed of—there was one of his companions there.





WILLIAM WADLOW
 (policeman, 87 V.) I saw the prisoner in Tothill-fields about a quarter-past nine o'clock at night with two or three others—I saw him there till ten, and then saw no more of him.

Prisoner's Defence. I am not the party; I was with my sister; we had been to the Bayswater-road, and were coming up Tothill-street; the policeman took me; my sister can prove it is my handkerchief, but she was confined last week.





WILLIAM MILLERMAN
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction (read—Convicted, October, 1846, and confined six months, having been before convicted of felony)—I was present at both convictions—he is the person.




GUILTY. Aged 19.—


Transported For Seven Years.


Before Mr. Common Serjeant.

