



2167. 




THOMAS FOUNTAIN
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 handker-chief, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 



Parlet Patrick, from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






PARLET PATRICK
. I live in York-street, York-road, Lambeth. On the 12th of Oct, I was walking with my wife in York-road, about a quarter past nine o'clock—the prisoner came behind me very close, and I made room for him to pass—he did not pass, but turned round and walked the other way—after I had walked about twenty yards farther, he came behind me again—I then had my thoughts about me—I looked over my shoulder, and he had got hold of my coat—I turned, and caught him—I said, "Young man, stop"—he ran off—I ran after him, down Sutton-street, calling, "Stop thief!" there were some men at the end—the prisoner then sung out "Stop him!"—I said, "That is him," and they stopped him—he threw open his coat, and said, "I have got nothing of yours"—the policeman then came and took him—he searched, and found nothing—he said, "We will go back"—he found my handkerchief about ten yards from where the prisoner first ran from—a little boy had picked it up—it is mine, and I had lost it from my pocket.

Prisoner. Q. Can you swear I am the man? A. Yes—I never lost sight of you—I did not see you pick my pocket, or throw the handker-chief away—I did not see it in your possession, nor find it on you.





EDWARD O'HARA
. I heard a cr'y of "Stop thief!"—I ran out of No. 30, Sutton-street, and saw the prisoner running—I followed him—I did not see anything thrown away—in coming back I picked up a pocket handkerchief.





PARLET PATRICK

re-examined. The prisoner had run by the place where the handkerchief was found.





JAMES SARTAIN
 (police-constable L 101.) I took the prisoner—when I had him in custody, the handkerchief was handed to me, on the same side of the way.

Prisoner. I was going along, and turned down Sutton-street; a young man rushed by me with great force; I heard a cry of "Stop thief!" I cried too, and the roan stopped me; I said, "I have got nothing;" I can assure you I am quite innnocent.





EDWARD O'HARA

re-examined. Q. Who was running first? A. The prisoner—I was in front of the mob—I saw them coming up—they passed me—I did not hear the prisoner cry." Stop thief!"—I heard the prosecutor.





JAMES BROOK
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, at Newington—(read—Convicted 21th July, 1844)—he was confined one year, because he used great violence when taken—he is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

