





905. 




JOHN MATHAM
 was indicted for

stealing 300 yards of Parisian lustre, value 8l.; 66 yards of fancy check, 2l.; 100 yards of merino, 6l.; 150 yards of mouslaine-de-laine, 6l.; 22 boards, 2l.; 1 truck, 2l.; and 1 basket 3s.; the goods of 



James Toplis: and 





JAMES DOLAN
 and 



MARY ANN CHAPPELL



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN YEOMAN HAMILTON
. I am in the employ of Mr. James Toplis, the New Bridge-street, Blackfriars; he is a surveyor to the Sun Fire-office; his warehouses are in Water-lane. Early in March some goods bad been brought from a fire in Gutter-lane, to Mr. Toplis's warehouses in Water-lane—there were some woollen and cotton cloths, and some merino—I do not know Parisian lustre by the name—some of the cloths were wound on pieces of wood—on the 25th of March, between three and four o'clock, I was on my master's premises, and from what one of the servants told me I went into the loft where some of these goods were—I found the prisoner Matham there, putting them paper parcels into a sack—I asked him if he had come from Mr. Mots—he said, "Yes"—I saw him put ten parcels into the sack—after putting them in he took up some rug*—I asked him what he was going to do with them—he said he was going to take away three pieces of carpet—I told him they were dry, and were not to go—he said he would go and fetch an order for them, or something of the some sort—he then tied up the sack in which the ten parcels were—he then took six pieces of merino which were folded on boards—he put them by the side of the sack—he also took six pieces of check, which I put down as muslins—he threw the sack, the three rugs, and the other things, all down from the loft into the warehouse below—(he did not take the rugs away)—he went down; I followed, and saw him put the things into my master's truck—before he took them I desired to have a receipt—I wrote it, and be signed it—this is it: "Received, 10 brown paper parcel", 6 pieces of muslin, 6 pieces of black merino. 25th March, 1845. JOHN WILLIAMS"—I saw him assume and sign this name.

Matham. Q. When I went down with the sergeant of police, did you not say the goods were delivered on Wednesday? A. No, on Tuesday—I did not say you took them away on the Wednesday.

Matham. You first said that the cook said she could identify me, and when I went before the housemaid and the cook they said they could not swear to me, that it was a bigger man than me; and when you was asked a second time, you said, M I think he is the man;" on your oath, did you not say those words in the passage, before the cook and the housemaid? Witness. I said, "I think he is the man"—I do not remember saying anything about whether it was Tuesday or Wednesday in the hall—it happened on Tuesday, the 25th of March—he had the same coat on that he has now, and a hat—I never saw him before—he was in my company about a quarter of an hour—I have no doubt that he is the person.

Matham. I can prove that I had not this coat on on the Tuesday or Wednesday; I had a velveteen coat on, which I pawned; I put on the coat I have on now on the afternoon I was taken into custody.






JAMES TOPLIS
. I am an appraiser. I appraise for fire-offices—I have premises in Water-lane, connected with my house—on the 25th of March I believe these articles were on my premises—some article! had been sent there from a fire in Gutter-lane—I employed a person named Moss for the purpose of drying those goods—my servant had no authority to deliver them to any person except Moss.

COURT. Q. Would the goods be delivered for the purpose of drying to any person coming in Moss's name? A. Moss had had part of them on the Saturday, his cart would not hold any more, and he was to come on the Wednesday morning before eight o'clock for the remainder, but in the interval the goods were removed.





GEORGE ROKINS
. I live with my father in Elliott's-court, Old Bailey. Elliott's-court is at the back of No. 22, Old Bailey—there is a yard to that house—on the afternoon of the 25th of March I was in the Old Bailey, and saw Matham with a truck—I had never seen him before, but I have no doubt he is the person—the wheel of the truck stuck in the gutter, and I went and shoved it out—I then held the truck while he chucked the goods, which were in brown paper parcels, into the yard of No. 21 and 22—the parcels were between two and three feet long—I did uot see any sack—it was a flat truck.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. The truck was going into the yard, was it not? A. It did go in—I saw more than one parcel—the yard is no thoroughfare—there are two houses there.

Matham. Q. Do you mean to say you saw me in Elliott's-paisage on Tuesday with a truck? A. I did not say Elliott's-passage—I saw you in the Old Bailey—you was stuck in the kennel, and I shoved you out—I saw you throw parcels into the yard—there is room for a truck to go up Elliott's-passage without going into the Lamb Coffee-house-1 positively say you are the man.

COURT. Q. Did you hear him speak? A. He said, "Hold the track while I just run into this yard"—I recollect his voice—it appeared like the prisoner's voice—I did not see what the things were in the truck—it was a flat truck, without any sides to it—there were long rolls in the truck—I only saw paper on one of them—he said to a boy named Ward, and another, "You take this truck to the bottom of Skinner-street, and I will meet you there."





JAMES WARD
. I live in Elliott's-court, Old Bailey. On Tuesday afternoon, the 25th of March, I was playing about half-past four o'clock—I saw a truck and some things on it, which I thought were cloths—Matham was with them, and I saw him put the cloths, as I thought they were, into the yard—there were a good many parcels—I saw him put more than one parcel into the yard—they were on boards—I did not see him with any sack—he said to me, "Will you run this truck to the bottom of Skinner-street, and wait till I come?"—I and another boy took the truck—it was empty—the prisoner came there and gave me a penny and a cake, and the other boy a penny and a cake—he said, "You have no occasion to say you saw anything"—there is a place in Farringdon-street which is dug for the foundation of a house—he jumped down there with the truck, and shoved it under the archway.





WILLIAM HUNT
 (police-sergeant E 4.) On Thursday, the 27th of March, I was at the station in St. Giles's—I saw Matham there—I had previously received information of this robbery—my inspector called my

attention to Matham, and I requested him to accompany me to Mr. Toplis—he said yes he would, but he would have a cab,—I got a cab, and went with him to Mr. Toplis—Hamilton came from a door in the house to the hall and he said, "That is the man"—I then took Matham into custody—as we were going to Mr. Toplis's Matham requested me, if they should say it was him, that I would take a message to his wife—I asked her address—he hesitated some time, and then said she was staying with a friend at No. 22, Old Bailey—I took him to the station—I and Barnes went to No. 22, Old Bailey, to the first floor front room—I saw the prisoner Dolan there and his wife, who is not in custody—I said, "You have had a young man named Matham staying with you?"—Dolan said, "Yes, I have"—I asked whether he knew where Matham's wife was, he said, "No"—I then asked whether he had any objection to our searching his room—he said, "No"—I did not find any cloth in the room, but I observed a quantity of pieces of wood in a cupboard, of the same description as some wood which is here produced—I cannot say that this is any of the wood out of the cupboard—these pieces appear to have been burnt at one end, so did many of the others—I was not aware at that time that any wood had been taken, or that the goods taken had been folded on boards—I asked Dolan particularly whether he occupied any other room in the house—he said, "No"—I then went to Mr. Toplis and obtained from him a description of the goods stolen—I then went back in company with Barnes to No. 22, Old Bailey—I had been gone about an hour—I went into Elliott's-court, and entered by the back-way into No. 22, and Barnes went in at the front—when I got into the yard I observed Barnes and Dolan in the yard—Dolan was standing near the door of the water-closet, and he had the bundle of wood which I produce, in his hand, tied round with this handkerchief—Barnes was in the act of taking it from him—I have kept the wood ever since—Barnes left Dolan in my care, and he went into the house—he returned with a piece of black merino burning—this is the fragments of it—I went into the house, and up stairs to a back attic, which I had not been into before—I then went into the room in which I had at first seen Dolan—I observed these remnants of black merino on a board in that room—they were not upon the board when I went into that room on the first occasion—I then went to the cupboard in the room where I had seen the wood—there was some wood there, but a quantity had been taken away since my previous visit—I had not taken Dolan away on my first visit—I left him there, and there were many other persons in the house—Dolan was in the room when I found this merino on the board—I had taken him up, and he saw me find it—I said to him, "You did wrong in not telling me on my previous visit that you occupied another room"—he said, "You did not ask me," but I had asked him.

COURT. Q. Did you say, "Is this the room you occupy?" or, "Have you any other room?" A. I put the question whether he had another room or not—there was accommodation in that room for a man and his wife, to sleep and live.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. After you had taken Dolan to the station, did you return to the yard of No. 22, and go to the privy near which you had seen Dolan standing? A. Yes, I found amongst the soil in the privy these remnants of black merino which I produce—I have examined them, and there is the appearance of fire upon them—there were other things down the privy, which appeared to be rags; but when we had taken these

up, it removed the obstruction at the bottom, and the others flowed away with the soil—from information which I had received, I went to White'salley, Fetter-lane—I there found the prisoner Chappell in the front parlour—I said to her, "Where is the bundle you brought with you?"—she said "I did not bring one"—Barnes was with me, and he found this bundle on the floor, by the side of the chair on which Chappell was sitting—the table was between me and the bundle, which prevented me from seeing it when I first entered the room—she was sitting on the opposite side of the table to me—when Barnes found this bundle, containing two dresses, Chappell said, "That is mine"—I said I must take her into custody, which I did—on the way to the station she said the things were given to her by a young man—I said, "Were they?"—she said, "Yes, by John Matham."

Matham. On our way from St. Giles's, did I mention the word, "Go to my wife at 22, Old Bailey?" or, did not the inspector say that Devonshire was on the look-out for me and my wife at 22, Old Bailey? Witness. The prisoner mentioned his address to me in the cab, on our way to Mr. Toplis—it was after that that the inspector said Devonshire was on the look-out for his wife in the Old Bailey—I heard of the prisoner having on a velvet coat—two female servants saw him at Mr. Toplis's—one of them said she could not swear to him, as she only saw his back—she did not say it was a taller man than him—Hamilton said at first, the prisoner was the man—the prisoner looked at him, and then he said, "I think that is the man;" but, at the station, he said again he was the man—Hamilton first said he was the man; and after that, that he thought he was the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Do you know that Dolan is a tailor? A. Yes—you can go two different ways into No. 22, Old Bailey, if the yard-door is unfastened—you can go to the top of the house without at all entering Dolan's room—I do not know how many families live there—I believe the house is full—I found nothing but some wood in Dolan's room, and there were several cuttings about—I took no particular notice of the wood in the cupboard the first time—I found this merino on his work-board—there is access to that water-closet from two houses in the court.





THOMAS BARNES
 (City police-constable No. 334.) On the 27th of March, Matham was brought to the station in Black-horse-court, by Hunt, and I accompanied Hunt to No. 22, Old Bailey—I went up stairs into Dolan's room—Hunt asked if he knew a person named Matham—he said he did—Hunt asked if he could inform him where his wife lived—he told him, no—Hunt said, "You have no objection to my looking round the room"—he said, "Not the least"—Hunt said, "Is this the only room you occupy?"—he said, "It is;" and his wife also said that was the only room—I went with Hunt to Mr. Toplis, and then came back to No. 22, Old Bailey—I went in at the front door, leaving Hunt to go round—I entered the house, and saw Dolan come out of his room, and go down a flight of steps into the yard—he walked across the yard with this bundle of wood in his arms—he took it to the hole of the privy, and was about shooting it down—there is a door to the privy, and he was inside the door—I saw him throw something apparently black down the hole—it was not rolled up; it was compressed in the hand—when he was about to throw the bundle of wood down, I caught hold of him and said, "What have you got there?"—he said, "It is only some wood"—I said,

"It is a queer place to throw wood"—Hunt came into the yard—I left Dolan with him, and I went up to the room which we had searched before—I found some remnants of black merino burning on the fire, I took a portion of it off, and took it down to Hunt in the yard—this is it—this is all I was able to save—the other was burnt too much for me to get it off the fire—there were some remnants of black merino on the board in the room—they had not been there when we searched the room previously—after we had taken Dolan to the station, we returned and searched the privy, and found four pieces of this cloth, and two pieces of black merino—I had seen Dolan throw something black down, and this black merino was lying on the top—there was a great quantity of other stuffs there, which we could not get up—I had noticed a broom in the yard, the yard, the handle of which was covered with soil better than half way up, and that it was which drew my attention to the privy—I went with Hunt and took Chappell into custody—when Hunt went in he said, "Here she is," and he said to her, "I want you; where is the bundle you brought in with you?"—she said, "I have not brought any"—Hunt requested me to look round, and I found the bundle close to Chappell, under the cloth which was hanging over the table—she said, "That is mine;" and her sister-in-law began to upbraid her for bringing such a thing into the place—on the way to the station, Chappell said Matham gave her the bundle—next day I was standing near the female prisoner's cell, at the police-court—the cells are divided by a partition, and Matham was in a cell oil the other side of the partition—he climbed up to the top of his partition, and called out, "Chappell"—he called some Christian name which I do not recollect—Chappell looked up and said, "Oh, who shall I say gave it me?"—he said, "Hold your tongue; say nothing"—there was a female prisoner in the cell where Chappell was—she saw me looking through the grating, and immediately spoke to Chappell, saying something abomt my watching, and there was nothing more said—the turnkey desired Matham to get down.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know that Dolan, was a tailor? A. I saw various things on the board—we looked round the room, and were satisfied there was nothing there.

Matham. I never opened my lips to the female, and never climbed up; you went to No. 22, the day after we were remanded, and offered money to a man if he would come and swear the things were brought into Dolan's room; the officer told her to say I gave it to her. Witness. I never offered a farthing to any man—I asked the person that he if speaking of if he could tell me where the young woman lived—I inquired whether anybody in that house could prove Matham brought things into Dolan's room—Chappell said, on the first examination, that it was another man gave her the bundle, not Matham—but on the way she said Matham gave it to her—it is false that I told her to say that Matham gave it to her.

Chappell. I said another young man gave me the things the moment they asked me; he is now at Eyre-street-hill; I can take my oath it was not Matham gave them to me.





ANN COWLEY WILLIAMS
. I am twelve years old—I live with my father, at No. 22, Old Bailey—I know the yard at the back of the house—I saw the prisoner Chappell there, at past five o'clock in the afternoon, on the 27th of March—I saw her go into the water-closet in the yard two or three times—she came out and caught something in her lap, which

came out of the top window—I cannot say what it was—she opened the yard door, and went up the court.

Chappell. There is no thoroughfare up the court. Witness. Persons cannot get up the court, but they would go out into the Old Bailey.





MARY ANN HEAD
. I am the wife of Henry Head, I live in one of the back attics of the house, No. 22, Old Bailey—I have understood that Dolan rents the other back attic—I never heard him say so, and nerer saw him in it—he is married, I believe, and is living with Mrs. Dolan—I do not remember that I have seen her in the back attic—on the evening of Tuesday, the 25th of March, I saw some paper parcels standing on the landing of the staircase—I saw some kind of plaid or stripe under the parcels—they were on the floor at the top of the staircase, opposite the doors of the two back attics—our doors join—there are two other rooms further on—the parcels never went into my room—I never saw where they went—I had seen Chappell twice—I saw her husband, who is the prisoner Matham in Dolan's room, on the morning of the execution, Easter Monday, the 24th of March—the house commands a view of the street—on Wednesday morning, the 26th, she brought me two dresses, about eleven o'clock, and wished me to make one by Thursday evening—these are the dresses—on Thursday evening, about six o'clock, she came and said she wished to take those dresses, as she was in a bother with him, alluding, as I supposed, to her husband—I considered them man and wife—I never heard her name—it was by the manner they lived that I considered them man and wife—when she asked for the dresses I gave her one, and the other she asked me to give her out of the window—my husband was standing close to the window, and he threw it to her out of our window, one of the back attics—I was in my room on the Wednesday morning—Matham knocked at my door, and asked me to lend him a hammer and a nail, which I did—he was then at the door of the room next to mine, and he went into that room with the nail and hammer.

COURT. Q. Do you know of any person dwelling in or occupying the attic adjoining your own? A. Yes, a man who lodges with Dolan has always slept in that room during the time we have been there—I do not know his name—it was not Matham.

Matham. Q. What time on the Wednesday morning was it I came to you? A. I cannot remember—I went down into Mrs. Dolan's room between two and three o'clock—I am not aware of three half quarterns of gin being sent for—I did not give 6d. to any man to fetch gin—there was some gin there—I came down to tell your wife there was not enough to make flounces for the dresses.

Chappell. When I went up to know if the dresses were done she said, "I think you are in a bother with your husband; "I said, "No, I am not;" she said she would throw them out of window; and when they were thrown out I took them away.





ROBERT WILLIAMS
. I am the owner of the house No. 22, Old Bailey, Dolan occupies the back attic, next to Head's—he has paid the rent for that and the room he lives in, for about two years and a half.

Cross-examined. Q. How many lodgers are in the house? A. About five rooms are occupied by five different sets of lodgers—the water-closet is open to them all, and to all the houses up the court.





WILLIAM DEVONSHIRE
 (City police-constable, No. 237.) On the evening

of the 25th of March, I went to a yard at the back of No. 22, Old Bailey—I found this basket, with nothing in it, in a dust-heap at the back of No. 21—I then went to Farringdon-street, and found the truck under the arches.

Matham. Q. Did you not state at Guildhall that you took the basket on the Wednesday? A. No, I took it on the 25 th.





JOHN ALFORD
. I am a porter, and am occasionally in the employ of Mr. Toplis. On the 15th of March I brought some goods from Mr. Newton's, in Gutter-lane, where there had been a fire—on Saturday, the 22nd of March, I was in Mr. Toplis's warehouse, and saw Matham waiting in the yard—he said he was waiting for a cart to come to fetch some dung away—on Tuesday evening, the 25th of March, I went to Mr. Toplis's, and found that some of the things which I had taken there were gone from the loft—I believe these produced are part of them—there was a check of this pattern—these merinos are of a variety of qualities—I know this other article by no other name than French lustre—I cannot say what it is made of—there were articles like these taken—I know this basket perfectly well—it is Mr. Toplis's—it was kept in the loft, but I brought it down, and put it into the coach-house—tbe truck was one of Mr. Toplis's—I have had the drawing of it for some years—the goods were more or less damaged by the fire—the ends were burnt.

Cross-examined. Q. Is not black merino like this used generally for the lining of coats? A, I do not know that—I know we had several pieces of black merino.





LANCELOT NEWTON
. I am a merchant, and live at No. 31, Gutter-lane. I had a fire on my premises, and had articles precisely the same as these on my premises—they were sent tp Mr. Toplis's—I had exactly the same goods as this Parisian lustre, which is made of cotton and woollen, and this mousline-de-laine—I had thirty pieces of black merino—the goods were all more or less damaged by the fire, or by the water—this piece of lustre does not appear to have been damaged—there might have been some part of it which was not damaged—the inner folds would not necessarily be exposed to the action of fire or water—small portions of these articles being in an undamaged state, do not prove that they did not fonn a part of that which was partly damaged—I did not examine every piece after the fire—there might have been a piece or two that were not damaged, as they were piled together.





MARIA MARRABELLO
. I live at the Fleece public-house, in Little Windmill-street. On Tuesday evening, the 25th of March, between ten and eleven o'clock at night, I received a hand-basket, which I afterwards found contained this mouselin-de-laine, from Mrs. Dolan, in presence of her husband, who was tipsy at the time—she was to call for it the following morning—I gave it to the officer.





WILLIAM MOSS
. I live in Little Guildford-street, and am occasionally employed by Mr. Toplis. I was employed by him about some articles saved from a fire—I had part of them, and was to send again for the remainder—I do not know Matham—I sent a message to Mr. Toplis on the 25th of March, but I did not send him any one for any goods.





JOHN YEOMAN HAMILTON

re-examined. These black merinos are like those we had—these checks are what I delivered to Matham.





LANCELOT NEWTON

re-examined. This twenty-three yards of mouselin-de-laine,

found in the basket at Mrs. Marabello's, is the precise pattern that I had, it was in a cupboard, and was but little hurt.

Matham's Defence. I never signed the paper; on the Tuesday evening, at the time stated, I was in the Star public-house, at the corner of the Old Bailey, with my wife, Mr. and Mrs. Dolan, two other females, and a man; I had been up to the west-end of the town after some shirts and things, and between two and three o'clock I called at a butcher's in St. Giles's, to purchase meat for my dinner; I went the same day to Mr. Wells's, the pawnbroker, to get my flannel shirt; I redeemed it for 1s. 6d., and bought a pair of braces for 1s.
(Dolan received a good character.)

MATHAM—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.


DOLAN—



GUILTY. Aged 49.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury, on account of his character.





Confined Twelve Months.


CHAPPELL—


NOT GUILTY
.
