



1325. 




WILLIAM DANCE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
11th of March, 6 pints of wine, value 15s.; and 4 glass bottles, value 1s.; the goods of 



Thomas Sturland.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the goods of 

the London and Birmingham Railway Company.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






EDWARD COLE
. I am in the employ of Messrs. William Seymour and Co., wine-merchants, in Lime-street, City. On the 10th of March I drew from a butt, and filled three dozen bottles of sherry—I corked the bottles, and afterwards sealed them with green wax, with "William Seymour, Sherry, London," on them—I packed them in a hamper, and tied it down—I only packed one hamper of wine that day—the cellar-man directed it—the officer has since shown me one of the bottles.





WILLIAM MICKLEBOROUGH BARGERBUR
. I am cellarman to Messrs. Seymour. On the 10th of March I directed Cole to draw, cork, seal, and pack the bottles—I saw them done, and put into the hamper—I saw the impressions on the seals—I directed the hamper, "Thomas Brotherton, Esq., Leamington"—I afterwards took it to Mr. Sturland's office, No. 126, London-wall—it weighed 1 cwt. 1 qr. and 2ibs.—I paid 2s. 10d. carriage—I left the hamper with Dakin—I have the seal in my possession with which the bottles were all sealed.





FRANCIS DAKIN
. I am porter to Mr. Thomas Sturland, who is a railway carrier, of No. 126, London-wall. On the 10th of March I received a hamper from Bargerbur, addressed to "Thomas Brotherton, Esq., Leamington"—I weighed it—it weighed 1 cwt. 1 qr. 2lbs.—I put down the weight at the time, and "paid 2s. 10d. carriage"—the hamper was delivered to James Bertout, the carman, about two o'clock.





JAMES BERTOUT
. I am carman to Mr. Sturland. On the 10th of March I received three hampers, took them to the railway station, at Camden Town, and delivered them to the care of Thomas Rowden.





THOMAS ROWDEN
. I am clerk to Mr. Sturland. On the 10th of March, about half-past nine o'clock at night, I received from Bertout some goods, and, among others, the hamper directed to Mr. Brotherton—it weighed 1cwt. 1qr. 2lbs.—I saw it taken from the van, and I put it into one of the railway trucks myself at Camden Town station—there were eleven boxes of tea in the same truck—I saw the truck covered over with a tarpaulin and tied down—I assisted in tying it down, and saw it put

ready to go by the train to Birmingham—next morning I received information, and went to the spot where I had seen the truck the night before and on the ground saw eleven chests of tea—the train was then gone—the Stanhope-gate is one of the entrances to the railway—the tea was two or three hundred yards within that gate.





TIMOTHY DONOVAN
. I am a constable of the London and Birmingham Railway. On the morning of the 11th of March, about five minutes after two o'clock, I was stationed at the Stanhope-gate, Camden Town—I heard the clock strike two—I saw the prisoner riding in a cart which he was driving—it was a dark night—I asked where he was going to, and what he wanted—he made no answer, but drove on—I followed him—he drove towards the sheds where the goods are loaded—he stopped at a dark place before you come to the sheds, and got out of the cart—I asked him what he was doing there, and who he wanted—he said he was waiting for his master—I asked who his master was—he said Mr. Sturland—I said I never saw Mr. Sturland there at that time in the morning—I asked if he knew whether Mr. Sturland had an agent in town—he said he did not know—I asked where Mr. Sturland lived—he said he did not know where his country house was—Young, another policeman, then made his appearance at the shed—I called him, and told him to take care of the prisoner, while I went for another constable—I am sure the prisoner is the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You saw him drive in at the Stanhope-gate? A. Yes, and kept him in sight till Young took him—goods come in at other gates besides the Stanhope-gate—I do not know whether this wine had passed through there—the goods would all be inside the gates.





THOMAS YOUNG
. I am a constable of the railway. On the morning of the 11th of March I went down to the bottom of the sheds—in consequence of what I heard from my companion, I went to the prisoner, and asked him his business—he would not give me any information—he got out of the cart, and went up the shed—I followed him—he came out of the shed, and began to run—he got into the cart again, and began to drive off—I hallooed to him that he was not to go till he had given me an answer—it was a dark night—I caught hold of his horse's head, and took the cart into the shed, with him in it—I called to a person to come and take hold of the cart—the prisoner slipped out of the cart, slipped on his hands and knees under the trucks, and dodged me about—I followed him, and found him at last, lying flat on his face, pretending to be drunk, and fast asleep—I spoke to him—he made no reply, but grumbled, and asked where he was—I am sure he is the man who was in the cart, and the man I had seen dodging under the trucks—I took him into custody, and brought him towards Euston-square station—in bringing him along I noticed him attempt twice to put something from his pocket, and the last time he managed to pull a bottle of wine from his pocket, slip it down by his side, and kick at it with his foot after it was down, but he missed it—Bushby, who was walking alongside, turned back and took up the bottle—the prisoner said, "I thought I kicked against something"—I distinctly saw him take it out of his pocket—I searched him at the station, and found on him a knife, and a small instrument for raising nails—no trains arrive at half-past two o'clock in the morning—the prisoner had on the same coat he has now.





WILLIAM BUSHBY
. I am a policeman of the railway. On the morning of the 11th of March I was called, and went to Young's assistance—I found the prisoner in his custody—in taking him along the line towards

Euston—square I heard something fall—I picked it up, and it was this bottle—the prisoner said he thought he had kicked against something—I said, "You did not pull it out of your pocket, did you?"—he said, "No."





GEORGE PERRY
. I am clerk to Mr. Sturland, at Birmingham. On the evening of the 11th of March, the truck arrived at Birmingham which started that morning—I assisted to unload it—I found several of the strings cut on one side, and one side of the cloth which covers the truck was blown into the truck in consequence of being loose—I examined the contents of the truck with the invoice, and found a deficiency of eleven boxes of tea, and that a hamper of wine had been pilfered—I examined the contents of the hamper, but did not count the bottles in it—I weighed it, and it weighed 1 cwt. 171bs.—a bottle of wine weighs about 3 1/4lbs.





THOMAS PRICE
. I am clerk to Mr. Sturland, at Birmingham. On the 12th of March, I received a hamper from the carman at the wharf, directed to Mr. Brotherton, of Leamington—I weighed it, and found a deficiency of I3lbs.—there were thirty-two bottles, sealed with green wax, the same as the one produced—four bottles were wanting to make up the three dozen—the prisoner was never in Mr. Sturland's service, at Birmingham—I hare been with him nine years.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose be sometimes employs supernumeraries? A. Yes.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was he in his service in March last, at Birmingham? A. No.





THOMAS ROWDEN

re-examined. The prisoner was not in Mr. Sturland's employ in March last, or at all.

W. M. BARGERBUR
re-examined. I have examined this bottle—it is one of the thirty-six I directed to be packed on the 10th of March—part of the seal has been since knocked away, but when I first saw it before the Magistrate, it was perfect, which enabled me to swear to it.




GUILTY
.* Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.
