



564. 




JOHN MARABELLO
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



Joseph Lever, and with a certain loaded pistol shooting at him with intent to murder him.—2nd COUNT, stating his intent to be to maim.—3rd COUNT, to do him some grievous bodily harm.


MR. HOWRATH
conducted the Prosecution.





JOSEPH LEVER
. I am a baker, and live in Silver-st., Golden-sq. I was the owner of the house 41, Silver-street, some time ago. I sold that house to the prisoner—there was a trifling dispute between us about the fixtures—subsequent to that, on the 26th of Jan., I was passing No. 41—the door was open—I stopped, looked in, and saw the prisoner in the parlour—I said, "Old fellow, are you going to let us have the fixtures?"—he said, "What do you want?"—I repeated it—he rose from the chair, and advanced to the door where I was standing outside—he came within a yard of me, I should Say—he then drew a pistol from his pocket, and presented it at my head—seeing the pistol, I turned round, and made my escape into the next house, No. 40—I went direct through the passage to the yard at the back of the house—I went into the yard, and closed the door after me—when I was closing the door, I heard the report of fire-arms—I saw no more of the prisoner till I saw him at the station—I afterwards observed that something had gone through the door.


Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. How near were you to him when he presented the pistol at you? A. one yard—I then ran down a passage—the hole in the door was somewhere about twenty-four or twenty-five inches from the ground—I do not know that it was only eighteen inches—I have not measured it—I have known the prisoner some years—I did not know him when he was a courier—I do not know that he had been in the habit of carrying pistols in his pocket—I had formerly occupied the premises on which these fixtures were, and when I left, I left the fixtures there—I did not on the 17th of Jan. break open the shop-door with the assistance of two bricklayers, nor the bakehouse-door—I did not give instructions for that to be done—I know Mr. M'Evoy and James Boulger—I remember going to the premises, about 17th or 18th of Jan., with two bricklayers—I gave them orders to remove the iron-work of the oven, and they did so—that was some short time after I had left the premises—I think the final settlement was on the 13th—I never resided on the premises—I held the lease, and held possession till I disposed of them to the prisoner—I had finally arranged with him on the 13th or 14th—in taking out the oven a great portion of the tiles were removed—they formed the bottom of the oven.

Q. Did not you say after you had done that, that you would go up to the shop and serve that the same? A. I am not bound to say that I did—I am not certain whether I did or not—I might have said so in the hurry of the time—if I did, that formed part of the fixtures as well—I am not certain—it is possible I might—I afterwards sent the iron back—that was after the pistol was fired.

MR. HOWARTH. Q. Did you go for the purpose of removing what you considered your property? A. Yes.

COURT. Q. That was what you were disputing about? A. Yes—the bargain was that they were to be left there to remove at my convenience.





CHARLES JOSEPH REYNOLDS
, Printseller, Denmark-street, St. Giles. On the 26th of Jan., near one o'clock in the afternoon, I was passing along Silver-street, and saw the prosecutor entering the passage, followed by the prisoner—seeing them running I was somewhat surprised—I followed, and the prisoner fired the pistol—the prosecutor had retreated towards the yard door, before that—he closed the door on him, and the pistol was discharged by the prisoner—I saw the pistol in his hand—I just laid my hand on him, and a policeman came in—I went to the yard door, and said, "The prisoner is in custody," and then followed to the station—the pistol was fired as the door was in the very act of closing—to the best of my belief the prisoner was about three yards from the door, two or three yards, I did not measure.





JOHN MILLER
 (police-constable C 14.) I was in Silver-street on the afternoon of the 26th of Jan.—I heard a report, as I supposed, of fire arms—I went to the spot from whence it came, and saw the passage full of smoke—the prisoner was pointed out to me as the party who discharged the pistol—I took him to the station, searched him, and found an unloaded pistol in his right hand coat pocket, and in his left hand coat pocket I found a loaded pistol—I drew the charge before the Magistrate—it was loaded with the powder and ball which I now produce.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you measured the height of the hole in the door? A. No—I cannot say whether it is about eighteen inches from the ground.





WILLIAM EASTWOOD
 (police-constable C 71.) I lodge at No. 40, Silver-street, the house in which the pistol was discharged. I was sitting in my own room, and heard the report of fire arms—I immediately ran down stairs, and saw the passage full of smoke—the prosecutor was in the yard—on

searching the yard I found this ball lying on the stones about two inches from the door, outside—I found a hole in the door, through which the ball had passed, in the bottom panel—I compared this ball with that hole, and it exactly corresponded.

Cross-examined. Q. It was about eighteen inches from the ground, was it not? A. About that—I did not measure—it was not in the middle of the panel, more to the edge on the latch side, nearly a foot and a half from the edge.

COURT. Q. Does the door extend all across the passage? A. Yes—I should say it is between three and four feet wide.





JOHN MILLER

re-examined. The passage from the front door to the back is about five yards long, as near as I can guess.
David Talbot, tailor; Ann Smith, No. 12, Tyler-street, Regent-street; John Howard, boot-maker, No. 31, Little Windmill-street; John Shipley, saddler and harness-maker; Thomas Reed, baker, No. 44, Old Compton-street, Soho; Zachariah Patterson, baker; and John Muckle, deposed to the prisoner's good character.




GUILTY on the 3rd Count. Aged 48.—Recommended to mercy.—



Transported for Fifteen Years.


Before Mr. Justice Cresswell.

