



170. 




THOMAS EVANS
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



Louisa Child, cutting and wounding her in the neck, with intent to murder her.—2nd COUNT, stating his intent to be to maim and disable.—3rd COUNT, to do grievous bodily harm.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






LOUISA CHILDS
. I am the wife of Gabriel Child, but left him the day after last boxing-day. I have lived with the prisoner as his wife for about eight months—we lodged at a beer-shop, No. 81, Kent-street, Borough—he was told he should not stop any longer—the parties were willing to admit me without him—on the 3rd of Nov. I went out with him, and walked about a little—about eleven o'clock at night we went back towards the house in Kent-street—I told him I was going into the house, and should not live with him any longer—he said I should not go if he was not admitted into the house—I parted from him a few doors from the house, and left him there to go in—when I got to the door I was not aware he was behind me—when I put my foot

on the step, he caught hold of me, and said I should not go in—he laid hold of me towards the shoulders, more towards the neck, and said I should not go in—I then felt something across my neck—I could not tell what it was—I saw blood—I struggled with him, and fell down—I struggled to get away—I think he had hold of me when I fell, but I cannot say—the blood was running from my throat on my clothes—there was a good deal of it—I felt a little faint, but nothing to speak of—I think I got up by myself—he went away, I did not notice when, but I found he was not present when I got up.

COURT. Q. Did he hold you after you saw the blood? A. No—he let go, and ran away—I struggled till I got on the ground—he was holding me after the wound, till I fell—I did not perceive the blood till I got on the ground.

MR. PBENDERGAST. Q. Did you perceive the blood while-you were struggling? A. I felt there was something the matter with my throat, but did not perceive the blood—it was done momentarily—I went to the chemist's shop at the bottom of the street—I was then taken to Guy's Hospital—the prisoner has carried a knife with him for years, for his own purposes—I did not see him using it that night.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. When you say be kept hold of you, do you mean by the shoulder more towards the neck? A. I cannot say the part, but he still held me I suppose by the same part—I felt something go across my throat—I cannot say which hand he held me with—the wound began more towards the middle of my neck—there was one wound under the other—I had been drinking, but a very little—the prisoner had been out all day—he might have been drinking, but not with me—we had a glass of gin and a pot of beer each—we had that together—I first saw him that evening between nine and ten o'clock—we then went to the public-house, and remained there better than an hour—I was not sober, but I was not the worse for drink—I was not tipsy, to say—the prisoner might have been, but I cannot say—I was with him from half-past nine till this took place—I did not see him have anything to eat—there was time for him to do so, but I did not see it myself—Kent-street is rather dark about this part.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did you observe any appearance of intoxication? A. No, I did not—I do not remember his using the knife in my company that night—I beg for mercy for him.





MICHAEL WALLING
. I am a surgeon at Guy's Hospital. The last witness was brought there on the night of the 3rd of Nov.—I examined a wound on her throat and neck—it was on the right side—I found two incised wounds, one about half an inch below the other—they were each about three inches in length, and about half an inch in depth—they extended over the right carotid artery—that is a very dangerous place for a wound—it could not be more dangerous—the artery laid about a quarter of an inch deeper—if that had been cut, her life would have been gone very soon.

Cross-examined. Q. How deep is the carotid artery? A. In this case about three quarters of an inch—as it was these wounds were not very serious—they were merely simple incised wounds—the skin was divided, and the superficial veins of the neck also.





HENRY HARDING
 (policeman.) On 3rd Nov. my attention was called to Kent-street—I saw the prisoner running—I ran after him—he stopped of himself, when I was about twenty yards from him—he was running when I first saw him, and a cry raised after him—he could not have got away at the time he stopped—he ran about 200 yards—I was about 12 yards from him when he stopped—when I got up to him, some one said he had cut a woman's throat, and she would die—he said, "I did do it, policeman, I will go with you

quietly, and I will die for it"—I did not observe any appearance of bit being intoxicated.

Cross-examined. Q. How far was the place where you apprehended him from the place where this was done? A. About 200 yards—he was taken in less than two minutes—he was running at great speed.




GUILTY on the Third Count. Aged 26.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutrix.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Recorder.

