



1815. 




GEORGE PAGE
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Constantino Geralopulo, about the hour of two in the night of the 
27th of June, at 
St. Stephen, Coleman-street, with, intent to steal, and stealing therein, 2 cruet-tops, value 5s.; 1 spoon, 7s.; and 1 handkerchief, 4s.; his goods; also, 1 pair of earrings, 6d.; 1 ring, 1s.; and part of a pencil-case, 1s.; the goods of 



Catherine Edwards.






EDWARD SPRIGGS CLARK
 (City-police-constable, No. 130.) I was going along Blomfield-street about two o'clock on Friday morning, the 28th of June, and saw the prisoner in a livery-stable yard, against the large gates belonging, I believe, to a person named Fox—I heard him first trying the gate—I asked who was there—no one answered—I looked through the side gate, through some railings, and saw the prisoner retreating back to the side of the wall—I saw him go up some steps on to the roof of the stable, on to the top of the roof at. the side, and along the top of it—he then threw something from his hands into the burial-ground of the Catholic-chapel—when he got to the end there, he jumped down, and I lost sight of him—I am sure he is the man—I afterwards found him in the privy of the area of No. 16, at the back of Finsbury-circus—that was between three and four, about an hour and a quarter after I had seen him going over the roofs—he said he had been asleep there—I did not go to where I saw him throw something—Mason, another officer, was there.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Were you in company with Mason? A. No—I placed men round at every place where the prisoner could get away—I told Mason to go there before I went on the roof after the prisoner, and after I had first been to the livery stable gates—I was alone at the gates when I saw the prisoner—there was no one close to me when I saw the prisoner going over the roofs—there were persons inside—the livery stable gates

are about thirty yards from No, 16, Finsbury-circus, or perhaps not so much—it is in the same line of building—you have not to cross the street at all—I believe there are live houses between—the back of No. 16, Finsbury circus, is almost opposite the prosecutor's house—the livery stable is on the left hand side—it is all within a few yards—a person could get from the livery stable to the prosecutor's by getting over the walls—the prisoner was about two yards from the gate when I looked through—he must have heard me ask who was there—I then called my sergeant, who was in view, and told him that a man was going over the roofs of the houses—the prisoner could hear that—I did not see what it was he had in his hand—he got up some steps on to the roof of a stable, and went along from one place to another—he ran along the roof, and when he got to the end he jumped off on to some leads, and then down into the yard of No. 21, which, I think, is the Catholic priest's house, attached to the chapel, the back of which is almost opposite the back of the prosecutor's house—there is only a cart-shed and a stable between them—the back of the prosecutor's house is nearly opposite the back of No. 16, Finsbury-circus, where the prisoner was found—he was on the roofs of the houses when I saw him throw something away into the Catholic chapel burial-ground—it was a little before two o'clock—I did not see two men running away, nor any one, but the prisoner—I had him in view six or eight minutes—I had never seen him before—lam sure he is the man 1 saw on the wall and jump down.





ADAM SPARY
 (City police-inspector.) I went my rounds between one and two o'clock on the morning of the 28th of June—I went to No. 15, North-buildings, Finsbury-circus, and observed that the door had been cut through; here is the piece of wood that was taken from it, and these tools were found close to the door—they are regular housebreaking implements, a jemmy, a gimlet, and centre-bit—the door had been afterwards opened—I then proceeded to search the back premises, and, not finding any one there, I went round to the opposite building in Finsbury-circus, and at the back of those premises, after searching for a considerable time, the prisoner was found in the area of No. 16—I was present when he was found.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you hear him say he had fallen asleep there A. I do not recollect—he was down in the area, and I was standing in the garden—he said before the Magistrate that he had been paying his addresses to a servant girl there; and as the house was locked up, he got out as well as he could, and fell asleep in the privy.





ALEXANDER SANDERSON
 (police-sergeant.) I was in Blomfield-street about two o'clock this morning—I got over the wall of the Ophthalmic Hospital, and in the yard of No. 20 I found these three silver cruet tops, a silver mustard-spoon, a pair of earrings, a ring, a small pin, part of a pencil-case, and a silk handkerchief—the yard where I found them is between the stable and the place where the prisoner was found.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you find anything near the stable gate? A. No.





ROBERT MASON
 (City police-constable, No. 126.) I went to the Roman Catholic burial-ground, and found a knife and iron screw—the prosecutor's house is in the parish of St. Stephen, Coleman-street.





EDWARD SPRIGGS CLARKE

re-examined. It was dark when I saw him on the roof and near the wall—it was light enough to see him—it was just breaking daylight—I am quite sure it was light enough for me to see him—I saw him distinctly before he got on to the roof, and told the inspector what kind of coat he had on—I am quite sure he is the man.





CATHERINE EDWARDS
. I am servant to Mr. Constantino Geralopulo, who lives at No. 15, North-buildings—it is his dwelling-house. I was awoke by

my master very near half-past two o'clock on this morning—I went stairs, and found the back doors both open—I missed from the kitchen the cruet tops, salt-spoon, and silk handkerchief, which I had seen there safe at ten minutes before twelve o'clock the night before—the earrings I had seen about five in the afternoon—they are mine, also the ring and pencil-case—the other things are my master's—I had seen them all safe about ten minutes before twelve, when I shut up the house—my master was with me shutting it up—I am certain I shut the doors, and barred them all—these things were in two boxes, both of which were broken open.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you the last person that went to bed that night? A. Yes—my master went up stairs before me—there is another female servant—she went up before me—there was no one else in the house—I am certain I closed the doors, and made them safe.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.

