



248. 




WILLIAM BAUGH



; stealing, whilst employed in the Post-office, 2 post letters containing 1 half-crown, and 4 postage-stamps; the property of the 

Postmaster General. MR. BODKIN

conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH GRANT
. I live in King's-road, Chelsea. On 24th Oct., I wrote two letters—these are parts of them—I enclosed half-a-crown in each—they were directed to Mr. Richard Gooch, near the New Church, Cherry-street, Lakenham, Norwich—I sealed them, and posted them myself in the Fulham-road, about three o'clock in the afternoon—I put four postage-stamps in each, which were not separated—I afterwards found that they had not reached their destination—one of the four stamps had a selvage.





RICHARD GOOCH
. I live in Cherry-street, Lakenham, Norwich. I did not receive in Oct. two letters, containing half-a-crown and four postagestamps in each—this is my address on this letter, but I did not receive it.





MATTHEW PEAK
. I am a policeman in the Post-office. I was on duty there on 5th Dec.—I saw the prisoner there sorting letters in the Inlandoffice—some communication was made to me, and I asked him where he lived—he said at 19, George's-terrace, St. Peter's-road, Islington—Mr. Boyd, the inspector, went with me there—I saw the person who keeps the house; he pointed out a bed-room to me—I searched there, and found these pieces of letters, which I have put together, in the grate, and a good deal of other paper, and amongst them were fragments of letters addressed to the prisoner—I searched a drawer in the room, and found 5s.-worth of postage-stamps, and these four stamps, in a square together—I have looked through all the papers; they are principally fragments of letters—I found no letter addressed to any person in the house but the prisoner.

Cross-examined by
MR. COCKLE. Q. The prisoner was asked if he had any objection to allow his lodging to be searched, and he said he had none? A. Yes—I found more than one letter addressed to him, but they were torn up very small—I have not an envelope put together, but pieces with part of his name on—he has been in the Post-office, I believe, about four years—a person named Capstick lived in that house, who belongs to the Post-office.

MR. BODKIN. Q. When the prisoner said he had no objection to his lodgings being searched, he was in custody? A. He had been called in, and was under examination.





JOHN NICHOLSON
. I am a sub-sorter in the General Post-office. I and the prisoner occupy together the room that was searched by Peak—we have done so since 30th April—I do not know anything of these letters—I was not in the Inland-office on 24th Oct.—I have referred to the book; it is not my duty to be there, but I am sometimes.

Cross-examined. Q. When was your attention called to this? A. Not till I was told that the prisoner was taken, on 5th Dec—I have been in the Post-office four years—any clerk is liable to be employed for another, but then he signs his name in the book.
----CAPSTICK. I am in the Inland-office at the Post-office. I

keep the house in which Nicholson and the prisoner lodge—they occupy the drawing-room on the first-floor, and a bed-room on the second—Peak searched the bed-room on the second-floor—I know nothing about the papers found in the grate.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you been in the Post-office? A. Four years—this bed-room was not kept locked, but any one had not access to it—my wife attended to them; she, of course, had access to the room—I make no use of the prisoner's room, I only go at four o'clock in the morning to call him up.





CHARLES JOHN WHITING
. I am a clerk in the Inland-office in the Post-office. Supposing letters for Norwich to be posted in the Fulham-road at three o'clock in the afternoon, they would, in the course of business, arrive at the General Post-office that evening—they would have to be sorted and sent by the mail that night—I can see the stamp of the Inland-office on this envelope of the evening of 24th Oct.—the postage-stamp is obliterated—here is the figure 7, which signifies the Inland-office—it came safely to the Postoffice that evening—the prisoner was a sorter there—here is the evening sorter's-book, in which the sorters sign their names—on the evening of 24th Oct here is an entry of the prisoner in his own writing, which signifies he was on duty in the Inland-office that evening—Nicholson was not employed on 24th Oct. in that office—no person is permitted to be employed in that office without signing his name in this book—this letter is addressed to Norwich, and had a double stamp on it—supposing it contained half-a-crown, and had a double stamp, it would probably go in with the packets which are sorted separately; it would be the prisoner's duty to sort a letter of that kind—this would be assigned to the Eastern Counties' division—the prisoner was employed at that division that evening—the letter-bag for Norwich would be made up in the Eastern Counties' division.

Cross-examined. Q. Perhaps you can tell me whether Capstick was on duty that evening? A. He was, in the Inland-office, in the same department that the prisoner was—at first all the letters are sent to the sorters promiscuously; it might have gone to Capstick, or any other man—Capstick was not employed on the Eastern Counties—we do not keep a separate register, only this one book.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.

