



1267. 




GEORGE RITTMAN
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Elizabeth Todd, on the 
1st of March, at Willesden, and stealing therein, 3 candlesticks, value 3s.; 3 spoons, 12s.; 1 clock, 5s.; and 1 comb, 2d.; her goods; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH TODD
. I am a widow, and live at Kensall-green—the prisoner is my grandson—he lost his mother when he was about three years old—I and my late husband brought him up—he married about two years ago, and ceased to live with me—he was brought up as a carpenter, and I allowed him to occupy an outhouse of mine as a workshop—before this matter happened, he used sometimes to come pretty often, and sometimes stay away a long while—a young man and his sister lodged in my front parlour, and my servant occupied the kitchen—on the night of 29th of Feb. I retired to bed, with Snell, about nine o'clock, or a little before—I locked the kitchendoor, and took the key up stairs—I had used a comb before I went to bed, and put it into a table-drawer in the kitchen—there were three silver teaspoons, three brass candlesticks, a Dutch clock, and a comb, safe when I went to bed—next morning Snell came up stairs—I went down stairs, and found the place had been broken open, and these things gone—there is a shutter to the kitchen window—it was made for a room up stairs, and the prisoner had altered it for the kitchen window, four or five years back—he would know the shutter very well—I informed the police—two or three days after, the prisoner came, about eight in the evening—I was very much alarmed, and told him I felt very ill—I asked him to go for a doctor—I said that for the purpose of sending for a policeman—after he was gone, I sent for a policeman, who came directly—the prisoner returned—he was searched, and this comb found—I have had it five or six years—it is the one I had safe on the

night of 29th of Feb.—I said, "The man who took this comb most have robbed me; now I know who it was robbed me"—I also saw a chisel taken out of the prisoner's pocket.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. How old are you? A. Seventy-two—the prisoner married before my husband's death—I did not very much ap-prove of his marriage—when I first gave him in charge, I said it was for annoy-ing me, but they said that was not sufficient, and after the comb was produced I said it was for robbery—my servant locked the kitchen door, about nine o'clock, and the window was fastened—there were no drawers in the kitchen—there were tables there, and chairs, and a sofa—there were some knives and forks, no table spoons—I had seven silver tea spoons in all, but the others were up stairs in the bed-room—I only kept three down stairs—we always count the tea spoons—we counted them after tea that night—we had three then—only I and the servant took tea—the brass candlesticks and the clock were on the mantel-piece—I wished the prisoner to go for a doctor with the intention of his going away—he asked me if I would let him stop there all night—I said no I could not, I was too much frightened—I said nothing about the robbery to any one, before the comb was produced—Mrs. Henry is my niece—she has come down lately for a day or two and staid a night—I have no other relative besides her and the prisoner, that see me often—I am sure I used this comb about nine o'clock that night—Snell mostly combed my hair.

MR. DOANE. Q. Is the prisoner an illegitimate relation of yours? A. Yes—Mrs. Henry appeared before the Magistrate on another concern—I gave information to the police about this robbery the third day after it occurred—I had not said a word about it to the prisoner till the comb was found—I did not mention it to the police before the prisoner came to stop that night.





SARAH SNELL
. I am Mrs. Todd's servant I have lived with her three months—on the night of the 29th of Feb. I was with her in the kitchen—we went to bed between eight and nine o'clock—I locked the door, and gave the key to Mrs. Todd—it was my usual custom—I slept with Mrs. Todd that night, and got the key from her—when I came down to the kitchen, about seven o'clock, I unlocked the door—there was some resistance from something placed against it inside—I found the shutter down and the window open—when I went to bed it was fastened as it usually was—the window was down, the shutter shut, and bolted with two little brass bolts—I did not observe any marks of violence, except that the two pieces of wood that supported the upper sash were taken out from outside—we had three tea spoons in use down stairs—we had used two of them the night before, and the third was in the mustard-pot in the cupboard—a Dutch clock was gone in the morning before I had combed Mrs. Todd's hair, not the night before—I saw it safe in the morning, and put it into the table drawer with the brush—I found the comb was gone—the prisoner had not been there that day—there had been no one there that day that I know of that would have taken the comb—we had no visitors.

Cross-examined. Q. You had a lodger? A. Yes—I believe Mrs. Todd used the comb that evening—I cannot say whether I saw her or not—I was in the kitchen with her some time before, getting coals and things, but she might do many things that I did not see—the window looks into the front garden—I saw the two pieces of wood standing outside the window—I only saw that two nails had been drawn—I cannot pretend to say this is the comb—it was like it—I cannot say that I know it, but my eyes are bad.





THOMAS HICKMAN
 (police-constable G 204.) On the evening of the 7th of March I was sent for to Mrs. Todd's—it is in the parish of Willesden—I found the prisoner there—I asked Mrs. Todd what she charged him with—she

said coming to her house, annoying her, and putting her in bodily fear—I searched the prisoner—I saw him put his hands behind him—I proceeded with the search, and found this comb and chisel, and two or three other things on him—the comb was placed on the table—Mrs. Todd said, "It is my comb, and now I know who robbed me"—that was all she said—she gave him into custody—the chisel I found on him was bent—I afterwards examined the window and the shutter—I had these two pieces of wood that supported the sash given to me by Mrs. Snell—I found they fitted into the frame of the window to support the upper sash—I think Mrs. Snell gave me the pieces of wood on the Saturday afternoon, and then I observed some marks on them—I had kept the chisel in my possession from the time I found it—upon comparing the chisel with the marks on the wood I found they corresponded—I also found some marks on the window sash which corresponds with this chisel—I should think it would require some force to press these supporters out, and such as would bend this chisel—it is bent as if it had been used for something of the kind—I noticed that when the shutter was up the bolt was a little above the lower sash—if a person was endeavouring to effect an entrance from outside I should think the lower sash must be lowered in order to get at the bolts—they being above the lower sash, it would not be necessary to open the lower sash to do it—I should not think that the bolts are visible from the outside—shortly after the comb and chisel were found the prisoner asked me to give him the comb—Mrs. Todd had made the remark that it was hers before that—I said to the prisoner, "You hear what Mrs. Todd charges you with?"—he said, "I merely came to ask her"—Mrs. Todd interrupted him by saying he used her cruelly—I asked where he lived—he said somewhere in Long-acre—I asked where—he said he should not tell me.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you get this piece of wood after you had the chisel? A. Yes—I showed these marks on the piece of wood to Snell when she gave it me—these shutters fitted very close—there might have been a space of a sixteenth of an inch, but very trifling.

COURT. Q. When was your attention first called to the marks on the pieces of wood? A. I think on the Saturday morning I discovered the marks—I did not apply the chisel till the afternoon—the chisel was then at the station—I made one fresh mark at the police office—this is it.





SARAH SNELL

re-examined. From the time I found these pieces of wood till I gave them to the policeman I made no mark on them.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner use the comb? A. Yes, when he has come to the house.

COURT. Q. Had he any means of getting this comb? A. Not that I know of—I had been in and out that day on errands.





ELIZABETH TODD

re-examined. The prisoner had not been at my house the day before this happened—I had not left my house that day, and he did not come.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you been up stairs in your bed-room that day? A. I do not think I had—I usually sit in the kitchen.





THOMAS HICKMAN
 (police-constable 204.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Cole the solicitor.





JAMES HAWKINS
. I am clerk to Mr. Cole, the solicitor for this prosecution—I obtained this certificate from Mr. Clark's office—(read.)





ELIZABETH TODD
. I was present when the prisoner was tried in this Court in Oct. 1838—I was called as a witness on his behalf—he is the same person.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years.
