




230. 




GEORGE HANSLIP
 was indicted

 for stealing 29 yards of satin value £10.; the goods of 



William Cash and another, his masters; and 



OLIVIA HANSLIP



for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS EVANS
. I am in the employ of William Cash and another—on the 20th Nov. I made a discovery, and communicated it to one of the principals in our establishment—George Hanslip was in their employ as an entering clerk—I do not know what his salary was—if the servants require any little article for their own wearing, it is not refused—it was usual in that case to ask for the article, and have it entered, in the regular way, in the day-book—they had them at cost price, and generally paid for them at the time, but it was allowed for them to have them booked to them, and not to pay for them at the time, to have them on credit.





JAMES GILL
. I am assistant to Mr. Filmer, a pawnbroker, in the Old Kent-road—I have two remnants of figured satin, pawned by Mrs. Wands-worth, on the 29th Oct.—I think there is about five yards in each of the remnants—I advanced on them 1l. 1s.—I have fourteen yards and a half of black figured satin, pawned by Mrs. Wands worth, on 31st Oct., for 35s.—she pawned at the same time two other remnants of satin—it is also waistcoating, but it is of inferior quality—on these two I lent 10s.





MARY ANN WANDSWORTH
. I am the wife of Edwin Wandsworth—I live at No. 10, Alfred-place, Old Kent-road—the prisoners have lodged at my house for some months—I pawned this fourteen yards and a half of satin with Mr. Gill, on the 31st Oct., for 35s.—Olivia Hanslip gave it me to pawn—I pawned for her, on the same day, these two remnants of satin waistcoating—these are them—she said she wanted to make a little money up, and that her son had purchased them—I gave her the duplicates—she did not tell me what she should do with them, nor say anything afterwards about what she bad done with them.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. How long had Olivia Hanslip lodged at your house? A. Since April—George Hanslip is her son.





THOMAS HOLYLAND
. I am warehouseman to Mr. William Cash and another—I have looked through their satin stock, and found a deficiency of about one hundred yards—this black figured satin is one that was in our stock, and these other two remnants are patterns we had in our stock—the value of these remnants is 2s. 4d. or 2s. 6d. a yard—the black cost 1s. 6d. a yard—here is three yards and a half in this blue, and six yards and three quarters of this spotted black, and fourteen yards and a half of this black figured—this has the manufacturer's mark on it, which corresponds with the invoice sent to us.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you the invoice here? A. Yes—here is a mark on this piece of black—we had it of J. W. Robinson and Co., of Milk-street—here is the manufacturer's number in pencil-mark, No. 81115—this number is not in our book, but it is in the invoice—we ascertained from the pattern that we had lost this piece of goods—they are goods we had not been wanting for a month or six weeks—we never looked for this till we

found it—I did not take particular notice of what patterns were missing—I had not time to do it—I went by the quantity—I did not miss this particular pattern, but having seen it at the pawnbroker's, and knowing we had this particular pattern, I say this is ours—I think we had only one piece of this pattern—I do not know what was the length of it.

COURT. Q. Who took in the goods, to ascertain that the quantity corresponded with the invoice? A. I took them in myself—it is twelve months last summer since these goods came in—I sell nearly the whole of these goods myself—I execute all the orders—if I happen to be out, Mr. Cash, his partner, or other young men in the shop may sell—I have not the books here—I do not know the numbers put on the different goods by the manufacturer.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is this the bill of parcels you received with these goods? A. Yes—the number on this bill is the same as that on this piece of goods, 81, 115, fourteen yards and a half, at 7s. 6d.—that is the exact compliment there is here—the prisoner had nothing whatever to do with the selling department—he had no authority to purchase anything without applying to his employers, or to one of the young men in the establishment—on examining our stock, this fourteen yards and a half was not there—I believe it to be my employers' property—the selling price is 9s. 6d. a yard.





BENJAMIN CHREES
. I am in the service of Mr. Robinson, a satin manu-facturer—this is one of our bills of parcels supplied to the prosecutors—the number on this piece of satin and the number on this bill are the same—this it one we supplied to Messrs. Cash and Co.—the satin dresser pots the number.

Cross-examined. Q. What is this piece of paper you have? A. A memorandum from our books—I have examined the number—this is the only piece of this number that ever was sold—here is the No. 81115.





GEORGE WARDLE
 (City police-constable, No. 25.) I apprehended George Hanslip on the 26th Nov.—I took him to the station—I then went to No. 10, Alfred-place, Old Kent-road—Olivia Hanslip opened the door—I asked if her name was Hanslip—she said it was, and wanted to know my business—I said I had got her son in custody for robbing his employers, and I must search her premises—she asked if I had a Magistrate's search warrant—I said I had not, but I had her son in custody, and Was justified in searching her house—I showed her a card, which we always carry when we are in private clothes, and she said I might do as I liked—I asked her if she had any duplicates—she said, "No"—I then called Mrs. Wandsworth, and asked her if she had ever pawned any property for this good lady—she said yes she had—Mrs". Hanslip said, "You never pawned anything for me"—Mrs. Wandsworth said, "How can you say so?"—I said to Mrs. Hanslip, "How can you be such a wicked woman as to tell me falsehoods?"—she then said she had given Mrs. Wandsworth some property to pledge, which had been brought by her son, and which she expected was bought or brought, I will not be certain which, from his employers—I found some things there which are not the subject of this indictment—on the following day I was taking the prisoners to Guild-hall—on the way George Hanslip asked me how I thought his mother would get on—I said I could not tell—he said, "She is innocent of the robbery; I persuaded her to burn the duplicates."

GEORGE HANSLIP—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.


OLIVIA HANSLIP—


NOT GUILTY
.
