




1433. 




THOMAS WEBB
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Mary Webb and another, about five o'clock in the night of the 
5th of April, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 3 spoons, value 12s.; 2 towels, 1s.; 1 napkin, 6d.; 3 pinafores, 3s.; 1 frock, 1s. 6d.; 2 bed gowns, 2s.; the goods of 



Edward Tessier: also, 

1 gown, 1s.; 1 apron, 1s.; 1 petticoat, 1s.; and 1 bed-gown, 1s.; the goods of 



Hannah Wilton.—2nd Count, for burglariously breaking out of the said dwelling-house; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






HANNAH WILTON
. I am servant to Mr. Tessier, who lodges at No. 186, Oxford-street, at Mrs. Webb's house. On the morning of the 6th of April I came down stairs about a quarter to seven o'clock—I went into the kitchen, and observed the lock of the door was turned, and had not caught in the bolt—the kitchen was in great confusion—it had been left in order the night before—a quantity of clothes were taken from the clothes-horse—I went up and told my mistress—I went into the back area, and found the water-closet

door fastened inside—a policeman was sent for, the door was broken open, and the prisoner was found inside—a bundle was found in a washing-tub there, containing things that were gone from the kitchen—there were three silver spoons found at the side of the flag-stone in the closet in the area—they are my mistress' property—he must have got down the area in the early part of the evening, and secreted himself in the closet—he got out by opening the outer area door, and then got into the closet—that door was shut the night before.





MARY WEBB
. I live in Oxford-street. This house is mine and my sister Sarah's—the prisoner is my nephew—I had forbidden his coming to the bouse.





JOHN BAKER
. I have been in the police. I was called into Mrs. Webb's, and found the water-closet door bolted inside—I looked through the hole of the door, and saw the prisoner sitting inside—I asked him to open it—he never answered—I broke it open, and found him—I found two towels, a knife, and tobacco-box.





JOHN CUTTING
. I am a policeman. I produce the bundle—it contains two boys' night-gowns, a napkin, and other things.





HANNAH WILTOM

re-examined. This gown, night-gown, petticoat, and apron, are mine.

Prisoner's Defence. I was out late, and did not know where to go; I got down the area, found the two towels there, went into the water-closet, and fell asleep.





JOHN CUTTING

re-examined. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I did not have him in custody.

MRS. WEBB
re-examined. The prisoner is the person who was convicted—we have done every thing we could to reclaim" him.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported far Fifteen Years.

