




1344. 




ROBERT GRAY
 and 




CHARLES CHILDS
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



George Harrison, about the hour of ten in the night, on the 
26th of March, at 
St. George the Martyr, Southwark, and stealing 1 coat, value 3l.; and one pair of trowsers, value 10s., the goods of 



Henry Henley; and that Childs had been before convicted of felony.






HENRY HENLEY
. I live at No. 7, Martin-street, in the parish of St. George, Southwark. I occupy a back-room in the house of George Harrison—it is a lodging house—on the night of the 26th of March, I left Sarah Harrison, to go to the Strand Theatre—I left a coat and trowsers locked up in my box—I am sure my box was locked when I left—I came back about one o'clock in the morning—my room door was then open, my box broken open, and the coat and trowsers gone.





SARAH HARRISON
. I went to the theatre—I left home about half-past six o'clock, after the last witness—I went and shut his door, and locked it—I am sure it was locked at half-past six—I returned home with him.





HENRY HARRISON
. I remember my mother locking the room door—she placed the key on the table—my brother William had the key for a little while, while I went to take the child home.





MARY WHITEHEAD
. I am the wife of James Whitehead. I occupy the back-room on the ground floor of this house—between half-past eleven and twelve o'clock that night, I heard some person go up stairs—I spoke to him as he went up, and it was Childs—he went into Henley's room—I saw him go up, and come down in about five minutes—I did not hear him open any door, but walk right in—when he came down he said all was right—I had seen him before—he bad no business there.

Child's. Q. Had you a candle in your hand? A. No, but there is a gas-light right opposite the door.





JOHN COLE
. I was passing the house that night about half-past ten o'clock, and saw Childs standing at the door, and Gray came out with a bundle—they both went away together.





JOHN PALMER
. I live in Flint-street; I know the prisoners. On the day

after this robbery I was standing at the corner of my own street, and heard a conversation between the prisoners, and two or three persons whose names I am not aware of—I heard the others say to Gray, "You have got a pair of boots on—I suppose you have been up to something "—he said, "Yes, done something last night round the corner in Martin-street"—the other said, "What was it?"—he said, "A coat and a pair of trowsers," and he said Childs had done him out of 6d.—he said he had sold them to a person named Evans.
(Witnesses for the Defence.)





MART QUINLAND
. I live at No. 5, Duke's-court, Paviour's-alley, Gravel-lane. I do washing or charing—I am a widow and have four children—Gray and his mother live in the same room with me—I have known him from infancy, and never knew any harm of him—he was in my place from that Tuesday night till the Wednesday morning—he came to my place about seven o'clock in the evening, and his mother gave him his supper about eight—I believe it was bread and coffee and a rasher of bacon—she told him to eat what he liked, and go to bed—I believe he went to bed about eleven o'clock—he never stirred out of the room—I got up first the next morning—he was then in bed—his mother got up before him—she went out to work—he had his breakfast before he went out.

GRAY. I am Gray's mother; I live at No. 2, Little Suffolk-street, which leads into the Borough—my son slept at home that night—I do not know Duke's-court.
(Mary Walsh, of Laystall-street, and Mary Lyons, gave Gray a good character.)





THOMAS GOOSE
 (police-constable L 160.) I produce a certificate of Childs' former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person.

GRAY—


GUILTY
.** Aged 15.—

CHILDS—



GUILTY
. Aged 18.—

of stealing only.





Transported for Seven Years.





Transported for Ten Years.

