




76. 




RICHARD ASHTON
 and 




PHILIP WHITE
 were indicted for

 stealing 4 pairs of boots, value 17s. 6d., the goods of 




James Brown.






WILLIAM BROWN
, shoemaker, Kingsland-road. On Thursday evening, the 6th of Nov., between five and six o'clock, I was going down Pitfield-street—as I passed the prosecutor's I saw Ashton take down a Clarence boot from a door—I turned round, and looked at him—White being near, followed me some distance—I passed the shop—as soon as White turned back again, I crossed Pitfield-street, turned back on the other side of the way, and saw Ashton pass a Clarence boot to White, close against Mr. Brown's shop-door—I gave information—I took one prisoner, and the officer the other.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Do you work for any body now? A. No—I am a master shoemaker—I have a shop—I had been to Sun-street

to buy some leather—I am certain Ashton took the boots down, and not White.

White. Q. What did I do with the boots? A. I did not see—I found no boot on you—I did not take you—I swear Ashton gave the boot to you—there was a third party with you.





GEORGE KEMP
 (policeman.) I received information, and went after the prisoners—Brown took Ashton—I took White, searched him, and found this pair of woman's boots between his thighs.

Cross-examined. Q. Was not Ashton at work as a bricklayer a little while ago? A. Yes, for a month or two—it was not four, five, or six months to my knowledge—I have seen him there—it was close to where I live—I did not go and tell his master any thing—my inspector told him he had got a thief at work for him, but told him to keep him at work, and get him an honest living—he has certainly not been out of work in consequence of what the inspector said—he worked till the job was finished—he has been out of work since—he has been in the House of Correction a long time ago, for stealing a till, not for pitching and tossing—he had three months—at another time he had fourteen days—I cannot give you the date—he has been a thief for years—I cannot tell you who made the complaint of his stealing the till—it was at Worship-street—I cannot recollect how long since—it might be three years ago—I was not the officer on the charge—I have seen the prisoner in custody at Worship-street, and at the station—I cannot say whether I was there when the charge was taken—he has been in custody since that—I was sent for to Clerkenwell police-court to see him some time ago, to see whether I knew him or not—I told them he had been in custody, and he was held to bail—it was about three months ago—it was not on this charge, it was for being found in an empty house with intent to steal lead—I cannot tell who was the prosecutor then—it might be on my beat or any where else—to the best of my recollection it was a new house near the New-market, Islington—he and some more reputed thieves were in custody together—I was not present when the charge was preferred—I was sent for to identify them as thieves—I identified him as a thief three years ago, and several times since—I cannot give the particulars of any one of them—I know he is a reputed thief—he was not sleeping in the house—he was taken in the middle of the day, with some more, for attempting to commit a felony—there was nothing found on him—the charge against him was that he was found in the house—I cannot tell who was the builder of the house—the constable preferred the charge.





JAMES BROWN
, boot and shoemaker, Haberdasher-walk, Pitfield-street, Hoxton. I had some boots and shoes hanging in my doorway—I saw them safe some time in the afternoon—I received information, and missed three pairs of women's boots, and 1 pair of Wellington's—this pair now produced is one of them—the stamp is on them.
(Ann Baker, the wife of a bricklayer, 51, Whitmore-street, Hoxton; Joseph Gadd, a bricklayer, Haggerston; and Elizabeth Mary Ashton, of 4, Whit-more-road, Hoxton, gave Ashton a good character.)

ASHTON—


GUILTY
. * Aged 18.

WHITE—


GUILTY
. * Aged 21.





Transported for seven years.

