




1760. 




DENNIS COLLINS
 and 




WILLIAM WILSON



, stealing 18 yards of woollen cloth, value 13l.; the goods of 



William Fletcher Snow, in his dwelling-house: both having been before convicted.






WILLIAM FLETCHER SNOW
. I keep a shop in the parish of St. Ann, Westminster—it is my dwelling-house. On 23d Aug., about five in the afternoon, I heard a cry of "Stop thief!" and a noise in my hall—I went down, and found a piece of cloth in my ball—I saw Wilson on the opposite tide of the way—I went over and collared him—I brought him back to the shop—the cloth had been removed about two feet from where it bad been—it is mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. When you got back to your shop. with Wilson, who was there? A. No one—the cloth was standing up on end against the side of the door when I saw it—it was outside the shop, in the hall—there is an inner door leading from the hall into the shop—Osborne pointed out Wilson to me—when I brought him in, he said he knew nothing about the cloth, and asked me what I took him for.





ROGER EDWARD BAKER
. I am foreman to Mr. Snow, of Frith-street, Soho. About five in the afternoon, on 23d Aug., I saw Collins with the piece of cloth in his hand—he ran away—I followed him—I had seen the cloth safe about two minutes before—I had seen Wilson in the street alone, between three and four o'clock.

Collins. Q. Did you see my face? A. Yes, I was at the end of the shop—I lost sight of you as you were turning the corner, running—you knocked a man down who was trying to stop you.





JOSEPH OSBORNE
. I saw Collins come out of the prosecutor's house—Wilson was then on the opposite side of the way—I had seen them together in Greek-street, about three o'clock, and two other thieves with them, and then about four o'clock I saw the prisoners in company, in Frith-street.

Cross-examined. Q. When you say Wilson was opposite, was he walking? A. Yes, and Collins ran away pursued by Baker.

Collins's Defence. A man stopped me and said there was a cry of "Stop thief!" and he wanted to know if I was the man; Mr. Baker brought me back; there was no cloth in the hall then; Wilson was in the shop and they accused me of being with him, which is not true; 1 know him personally; that is all.





JAMES LEWIS ASHMAN
 (police-sergeant, F 1.) I produce a certificate—(read Francis



Smith, convicted February, 1849, and confined three months)—Collins is the man.





WILLIAM WEST
 (police-sergeant, F 7). I produce a certificate of Wilson's conviction—(read Convicted Oct. 1847, and confined one year)—Wilson is the person—he had had six months hefore.

COLLINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.

WILSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 22. 



Transported for Seven Years.

