



2474. 




WILLIAM SANDERS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
14th of September, 1 coat, value 5s. the goods of 



William Bloomfield.






WILLIAM BLOOMFIELD
. I live at Doddinghurst, near Ingatestone. On the 14th of September, I was turning the corner of Rose-lane, Wentworth-street, and missed this coat from my hay-cart—I had seen it five minutes before.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What part of the cart were you in? A. Walking by the side of the horses—the coat was in the middle of the cart—there was nothing sticking out behind—there was no tail-board up—the coat was lying under the fore and hind ladder, which were in the cart.





PHILLIS STEVENS
. I saw the prisoner on the 14th of September take the coat from the tail of the cart, which the prosecutor was driving, at the corner of Wentworth-street, just turning into Rose-lane.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. char-woman—I was

about three yards from the cart—I never saw the prisoner before—he ran up Wentworth-street—I only saw him for about ten minutes—the carman was on the pavement—Wentworth-street is not a great thoroughfare—I am quite sure the prisoner is the man—I did not speak to him—I had first seen him walking in Rose-lane—I did not tell the carman any thing about it—I went before the Magistrate on the Wednesday—I saw the policeman come down with the coat—I said, "That is the coat the young man stole out of the cart"—I knew it by the velvet collar.





GEORGE BALL
 (police-constable H 121.) I saw the prisoner with the coat on his arm running in Wentworth-street—he threw the coat down while I was pursuing him—he was stopped by another officer—he resisted very much by kicking, and making all sorts of rushes to get to a back door where he could get over some low paling to another yard—I had my hat knocked off, and was kicked—I found the prosecutor on the Thursday following.

Cross-examined. Q. How near were you to him? A. About five or six yards from him—I cannot be mistaken about his being the person—when he dropped the coat I was not more than three yards from him.





GEORGE COMERFORT
 (police-constable H 105.) I assisted in apprehending the prisoner—he made violent resistance—he kicked me in the knee—there was an attempt to get him out of custody.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Sixth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

