



2006. 




JAMES EMBLETT
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Charles Teighe, about the hour of twelve in the night of the 
29th of June, at 

St. Ann, Limehouse, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 15 spoons value 2l. 18s. 1 snuff-box, value 3l.; 3 shirts, value 1l. 10s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 4s. 6d.; 1 scarf, value 4s.; 1 hat, value 10s. 1 penil-case, value 6s. 1 comb, value 2s. 6d.; and 50 cigars, value 5s.; his goods.






MARY ANN TYFIELD
. I am single, and live with Mr. Charles Teighe, at No. 1, Jamaica-place, in the parish of St. Ann, Limehouse. On the morning of the 30th of June, when I came down stairs, I found the two parlour-doors wide open, the back-door open, and the back-kitchen window cut, unfastened, and pushed down—I had left every thing quite secure over-night—we were all in bed about half-past ten o'clock, and all was safe then—my master's mother was the last person up—several holes were bored in the kitchen shutter, and the shutter lowered down under the window—the shutter was secured with a bar inside—it was pushed down inside, and the bar taken out and removed into the garden—the pane of glass was cut—there was a hole large enough to admit a hand—I had fastened the shutter over night quite secure—I missed from the kitchendrawer six silver tea-spoons, two salt-spoons, and one caddy-spoon.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Have you a distinct recollection of putting up the shutter that night? A. Yes—I went to bed about half-past ten o'clock, leaving my master's mother up—the rest were all gone to bed—she always went down to see the house was secure the last thing—my master-went to bed before me.





CHARLES TEIGHE
. I am a clerk in the City, and live at No. 1, Ja-maica-place, Limehouse. On the morning of the 30th of June I got up about half-past six o'clock, went into the kitchen, and found the house broken into, the pane of glass cut in the kitchen-window, about a dozen holes in the shutter, and the bar gone—I missed my silver snuff-box from the back-parlour, and about fifty cigars, a beaver hat from the passage, some tea-spoons from the front-parlour, and from the kitchen—three or four shirts, a black silk scarf, a diamond pin, and two handkerchiefs—I know this hat and shirt, now produced, to be mine, and this tortoise-shell comb I believe to be mine—I know the shirt by an alteration in the collar, it having been made rather too small in the neck.

Cross-examined. Q. How long had you had the shirt? A. About a fortnight or three weeks, 1 had only worn it once—I had my name on it, but it is not there now—all my shirts are marked—I have a distinct recollection of this shirt by the alteration in the collar—the button is brought forward to enlarge the collar—I think it was the only one altered, but the other two might have been altered—I lost forty or fifty cigars.






WILLIAM HOLLAND
 (police-constable N 146.) On Monday, the 5th July, I went with Dubois to the Feathers public-house, between one and two o'clock in the morning—Dubois and an officer remained outside—I went inside, and saw the prisoner in the tap-room—I said to him, "Jem, you never speak to me now"—he said, "I did not see you"—I said, "I want to speak to you"—he came into the passage—I said, "Come to the door"—I then took hold of one of his arms, and Dubois the other—I said I wanted him for a robbery, but did not tell him for what—I took the hat off his head, and put it on again—Dubois went away, and the constable assisted me in taking him to the station—I there said, "I charge you with breaking and entering the dwelling-house of Mr. Teighe, of Jamaica-place, and stealing several silver spoons, and other articles, and among other things, the hat you have on your head"—he paused a moment or two, and then said, "That hat I bought five months ago in the Lane, "Which means Petticoat-lane—I proceeded to search him—he said, "I will take the things out of my pocket"—I said, "I always like to do my own business"—I found the tortoise-shell comb in his pocket, and the sergeant took the shirt off his back—he said, "I bought that in the Lane too."





WILLIAM DUBOIS
. I was present when the prisoner was apprehended, about one o'clock on Monday, the 5th of July, in the Feathers public-house, among a notorious lot of thieves—Holland brought him out, took off his hat, looked in it, saw the maker's name, and said, "That is all right, this is Mr. Teighe's hat"—Holland said to me, "Look at his shirt"—I looked at it, and saw a pin in it, which I took out—that does not apply to this indictment—he was taken to the station and searched—having heard Teighe had lost a shirt, I went to the station, and took a shirt off his back, which Mr. Teighe claimed.





MARY ANN TYFIELD

re-examined. I got up at seven o'clock—I was the first person up—no one was up before six o'clock—I cannot tell how long it would take to make the holes and move the bar.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
