




2608. 




JOSEPH GILCHRIST
 and 



THOMAS MILLER
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
15th of October, 1 gown, value 4s. the goods of 



Thomas Vesper.






GEORGE CORNER
. I am assistant to Thomas Vesper, a pawnbroker, in the Commercial-road. On the evening of the 15th of October I was standing against our wall in Exmouth-street—I saw Gilchrist there with two others—one of them had a stick, and tried to take a gown off the tressel, but did not succeed in getting it, and went and talked to the other two—I then saw Gilchrist come and stand about the door—he afterwards returned, then came and took a dress away, and passed it to one of the others—the two ran away—Miller answers the description of the man that came up the street, but I had not an opportunity of seeing him distinctly—when I saw Gilchrist take the dress I walked directly after him, and collared him—he asked me what I wanted with him—I said that was an after job—he tried to knock me down—we both fell, and laid on the ground till we were picked up—I had hold of his collar—I was not more than three yards from him when he took the gown—I could not mistake him, and never took my eyes off him—he had got five or six yards from me before I seized him—I distinctly swear to him.

Gilchrist. I was about five yards from the tressel; I never touched the gown; he knocked me about, and said I must come with him; I went into the shop; they brought in Miller, and accused us of stealing the gown; he told the policeman he did not find the gown on me, and he said at the station-house it was left in the shop, and at the office he said one had given the gown to another. Witness. It is untrue; I did not go into the shop; I gave Gilchrist to our other assistant, and went over the road in the direction the girl ran who went after one of the others—I came up to Miller, who was saying, "There he goes;" the girl said he was the man; I caught hold of him, but he got away from me.





JESSY M'PHERSON
. I live in White Horse-street, Stepney; I have a fruit-stall at the corner of Exmouth-street. On the evening of the 15th of October I was at my stall, and saw three men pass me—the two prisoners were two of them—I am sure of them—I saw them at the toll-bar—I heard an alarm of "Stop thief" given by George Corner—I saw him in a scuffle with Gilchrist—Miller at that time was coming towards the Commercial-road—I laid hold of him—he said, "There he goes, it is not me"—at that time there was no person in the street, at that spot, except the two prisoners, the third man in their company, and Corner—the two prisoners and the other stood together about ten minutes before the gown was taken—Miller got away from me—he was stopped in John-street—I am sure he is one of the three men.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How far is your fruit-stall from the toll-bar? A. About twenty yards—it was getting darkish at the time this happened—I did not see anything taken-after Corner called "Stop thief," I saw Miller walking along towards the Commercial-road—the others went down the street-Miller was walking along towards the Commercial-road when I first saw him—he was going down John-street,

which is a long street—the things are hung up at the side of Mr. Vesper's door—they can be taken without going into the shop—Miller stopped of his own accord.

Gilchrist. It was very dark at half-past six o'clock. Witness—It was not so dark but what I could see—there was a lamp a little way off and there is a gas-light at Mr. Vesper's house.





ANDREW BAXTER
. I am a baker, and live with my mother in Lucas-place, nearly opposite Mr. Vesper's. I was sitting in the shop about half-past six o'clock on the 15th of October, and heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I ran out, and saw Miller standing by a post, about forty or fifty yards from Mr. Vesper's door, in sight of it, nearly opposite, the distance across the road—M'Pherson was standing before him—she said, "That is one"—I laid hold of him—he said, "I am not the one, there he goes"—I looked down the street, but saw no one.

Cross-examined. Q. How far was he standing from the toll-bar? A. About one hundred yards.





HENRY ATTWOOD
. (police-constable K 61.) The prisoners were given into my custody at Mr. Vesper's shop. When Gilchrist saw me he stood up and said, "Come up, policeman, and search me; I have got no gown about me"—I searched them both, but found no gown—I found a silk handkerchief on Miller—I asked if it had a mark—he said "No," but I found the letter J and a star at the corner—Miller said, "I am not the man, and all the people round say it was not me."

GILCHRIST*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

MILLER—


NOT GUILTY
.
