



1780. 




GEORGE KNIGHT
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Greene, at 
St. Margaret's, Westminster, and stealing 3 gowns, value 30s.; 1 scarf, 1l.; and 1 shawl, 10s.; the goods of 




Sarah Herdman: 2 gowns, value 1l.; and 1 shawl, 1l.; the goods of 



Henrietta Greene: and 1 hearth-rug, value 2l., the goods of Thomas Greene.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






CAROLINE ELLERBY
. I am servant at No. 15, Duke-street, Westminster. On Monday evening, the 24th of Aug., about half-past seven o'clock, I was looking out of window, and saw the prisoner on the wall of No. 17, which was under repair—there was a ladder attached to the house—he went along the wall, down into the yard, and then up the ladder—I did not see him go into the house—the last I saw of him was on the ladder—I told my mistress of it, but she thought it was one of the workmen—he was dressed as he is now, and had a cap on.





SARAH HERDMAN
. I am housemaid to Mr. Thomas Greene, of No. 19, Duke-street, in the parish of St. Margaret. Miss Henrietta Greene occupied a room at the back of the house, looking into the Park—I have the adjoining room, on the same landing. On the 24th of Aug., about half-past seven, I went up stairs into my own room—everything was then safe, and not disturbed—I left my room window open so that anybody could walk in—when I came out I shut the door—I noticed that Miss Greene's room door

was also shut—about half-past eight, I went up to my own room with a candle—I had some boxes containing dresses—they were all open, and everything pulled out, and the prisoner was lying on the bed—he appeared to be asleep—he had 1lb. of sugar on the bed by him—I immediately went down stain and told the butler—we came up stairs together—the prisoner was then gone—I did not go into Miss Greene's room myself—three gowns worth 30s., a scarf worth 20s., and a shawl worth 20s., had been taken out of my boxes, and the bag of sugar—the butler brought me two dresses, which I knew to be mine—the hearth—rug was missing out of a cupboard in Miss Greene's room.





EMMA HOULDER
. I am housemaid in Mr. Greene's service. On Monday evening, the 24th of Aug., about half—past seven o'clock, I went up stain into Miss Henrietta Greene's bedroom, I shut the window, bolted it on one side, and locked it on the other—it is a French window—the room was then in good order—I closed the door after me—nobody could enter from outside the window without breaking it—it must have been opened from inside.





THOMAS NICHOLLS
. I am butler to Mr. Greene. On the evening of the 24th of August the servants alarmed me—I went up into Sarah's room, and found things scattered all over the room, and the boxes open—there is a balcony which runs in front of both the rooms—I went on to the balcony, and found a large rug belonging to Mr. Greene, and a blue dress—I went along the balcony till I came to Miss Greene's room—I found one of her windows open—I went through the room to a trap-door in the passage, which leads to the top of the house—I unbolted it and got on the roof—the servants' room is quite at the top of the house—the prisoner could climb up from there and get on the roof—I found a policeman on the roof, and the prisoner also—the prisoner had a pink dress, and a black velvet shawl—the policeman took them from under his arm, and gave them to me—the hearth-rug belongs to Mr. Greene—it is worth from 4l. to 5l.—it is white wool—I am certain it is worth 40s.—it was found on the balcony, near Miss Greene's window.





JOSHUA BUSBY
 (police-constable A 39.) On the 29th of August, between eight and nine o'clock, I was on duty in Duke-street—Mr. Greene's house is in the parish of St. Margaret—in consequence of information, I got permission to enter the house No. 21—I went to the top, and along the roof, to Mr. Greene's roof, and there I found the prisoner with two dresses and a black velvet shawl on his arm—he was in the act of getting over the roofs—he had no boots or shoes on—I found a pair of shoes on the roof afterwardst—the prisoner saw me with the shoes in my hand, and said they were his—he told me to let him go, and I said, "O you b—, I will do for you" and he called out, "Bill, we will do for him"—the butler cattle through the trap-door, tod we took the prisoner to the station—he was sober.





ANN SANDERSON
. I am lady's-maid in Mr. Greene's family. I had the care of Miss Henrietta Greene's wardrobe—I know these two dresses and velvet shawl perfectly well—my own work is on the dresses—I had not seen them since the Friday before they were taken, in Miss Greene's drawers—she had gone out of town on the Friday—this shawl is worth 1l., and the dresses 1l. the two—I had seen this rug safe on Friday, in the cupboard in the bed-room.





SARAH HERDMAN

re-examined. This dress, shawl, and scarf are mine, and were safe that evening in my boxes.





THOMAS GREENE, ESQ
. I am the occupier of this house—this rug is mine—it is worth 2l.

Prisoner's Defence. I had nothing to do with it.




GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Seven Years.

