



1037. 




GEORGE ANDERSON



, feloniously forging and uttering an endorsement to a promissory note, for the payment of 27l. 10s. 6d.; with intent to defraud 



William Allen.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosection.






WILLIAM ALLEN.
 I live in Avery-row, Lower Grosvenor-street. On 2nd Aug., 1846, the prisoner called on me, requesting me to discount this promissory note for 27l. 10s. 6d. (produced) stating that he was recommended to me by Mr. Jabez Moore, of New Bond-street—Mr. Moore's name was not then on the note—I told the prisoner I did not know sufficient of him to discount it, but if Mr. Moore would endorse it I would do so—he came again on 6th Aug.—the name of Jabez Moore was than on the note—he stated that Mr. Moore was a particular friend of his, that he had been under obligations to him, and he had got his endorsement—I gave him a check for 26l. 15s. taking about sixpence in the pound discount—I did not see him again till he was taken into custody—on the day the bill became due, a letter was left at my house—I do not know the prisoner's writing—I tried in every way to find him, and advertised in every paper in London—he gave his address, at 43, Davies-street, Berkeley-square, when he came to me—I called there, and he was not known—I afterwards found he was living at a house in the Regent's-park, now occupied by Mr. Bodkin—I went these last Oct., and he had left—I also wrote a letter to him at Wellington-terrace, and received an answer—I apprehended him at a chop-house, in Woodstock-street—I told him I came to him about a bill of 27l., addressing him as Mr. Anderson—he said his name was not Anderson, but Williams—I said he certainly was Mr. Anderson when I gave him the check for 26l. 15s., and he must recollect Mr. Moore, of Bond-street—he said, "No, I know nothing of him"—I said, "Then I must bring some person up who can recognise you more clearly"—I called up the policeman who was waiting below, and gave him into custody—I am certain he is the man—I took him out of a room where there were twenty other parties.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. Did you know him immediately?


A. Yes—I said, "Your name is Anderson, I think?"—he said, "No"—I said, "What is it, then?"—he said, "My name is Williams," or "Williamson."





JABEZ MOORE.
 I live in Bond-street. I have known the prisoner many years by the name of Anderson—I did not endorse any promissory note for him in Aug., 1846.—the endorsement to this note is not my writing—I never gave him, or any other person, authority to use my name to this bill, in any way—he never asked me for my authority to this bill—I never gave him leave to refer Mr. Allen to me, nor ever recommended him to Mr. Allen.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you had business transactions with the prisoner? A. Yes; as a customer twenty years ago—I am a breeches-maker—I have never endorsed bills for him—nor ever authorised him to use my name—I saw him repeatedly about July, 1846—I know Mr. Allen as a neighbour—the prisoner came to me, and asked if I knew whether Mr. Allen was in the habit of discounting—I said I did not—he said, a gentleman, named Platt, in Maddox-street, had told him that Mr. Allen was a great discounter of bills—I said, if he was I did not know it—he wanted to get a bill discounted by Mr. Allen—I did not see him on the matter afterwards, to my recollection—I rather think he told me that Mr. Allen would not discount the bill on his credit alone—I did not understand that he wanted me to endorse it—I would not endorse a bill for anybody—I should not think he could have imagined, from what I said, that I authorised him to use my name—he had not dealt with me for many years—he told me he was in the wine trade—I did not consider myself under any obligation to him at this time—he was always friendly, giving friendly advice, and so on—I expressed myself very much obliged to him for some services he had performed—it was after that that the conversation took place about Allen's discounting the bill—I never expressed myself so as to lead him to believe that he had my authority to sign my name—I had no idea of anything of the kind—I might have said I should be happy to serve him—I do not know that I did—I was very ill at that time, and had been for seven years.

MR. PRENDERGAST.
Q. Did he at any time show you any bill or promissory note? A. He said he had sold some person a pipe of wine, and had got a bill for it—I am quite sure I gave him no authority to use my name—be never asked me—I did not see him after that till he was in custody—I never endorsed a bill for him. or he for me—I saw the bill in his hand, but not so as to read it—that was at the time he spoke about Mr. Allen being a discounter.





JOSEPH RACKSTRAW
 (policeman D 169.) I apprehended the prisoner—I was waiting at the door of the chop=house, in Woodstock-street, and saw him come down stairs with Mr. Allen—Mr. Allen said he should give him into custody for uttering the note, knowing it so forged—I took him to the station—he asked Mr. Allen if he could say something to him—Mr. Allen said, no, he had nothing to do with it—he said, in the station, that the endorsement of Jabez Moore was not on the note when he gave it to Mr. Allen, and he did not know but what any other person, or Mr. Allen might have put it on himself.

Cross-examined. Q. You were not examined before the Magistrate? A. I was—he was taken on this charge, but Mr. Moore did not attend, and no deposition was taken.





JABEZ MOORE

re-examined. I never employed any one to endorse or accept a bill for me—I was able to write at that time—I do not think the

prisoner mentioned the amount of the bill—I never had it in my hand—I am not acquainted with the prisoner's writing.




GUILTY
of uttering.
 Aged 43.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoner for larceny.)
