



2190. 




WILLIAM BURNS
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Angel Boxsius, about the hour of four in the night of the 
16th of July, with intent to steal; and stealing therein 1 punch-ladle, value 5s.; 2 spoons, value 3s.; 1 coal-scuttle, value 10s.; 1 stew-pan, value 10s.; 1 kettle, value 6s.; 1 coat, value 1l.; 1 pair of boots, value 10s.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; 6lbs. 6oz. weight of beef, value 3s.; and 2 loaves of bread, value 6d.; the goods of 



Angel Boxsius; 2 coats, value 1l. 5s.; and 1 hat, value 5s.; the goods of 



Jacob Boxsius: 2 coats, value 13s.; and 1 pair of trowsers, value 5s.; the goods of 



William Smith.






ANGEL BOXSIUS
. I live at No. 50, Bridge-house-place, Newington-causeway, in the parish of St. George the Martyr. The prisoner was in my service for four years, and left about two years ago—on the 16th of July I went to bed about eleven o'clock—the house was quite safe, and fastened—I occupy the whole house—I was called up next morning between six and seven o'clock—the boy who attends to the horses was the first person up—I came down, and noticed the grating of the area was forced away from the brick-work of the wall—I lost a horse and cart, and harness, from the stable, and from the kitchen a copper stew-pan, a tea-kettle, and coal-skuttle, some silver spoons, a silver punch-ladle, and different articles, some ribs of beef, and two quartern loaves—the person had got in over the gate at the back, and then through the grating into the

kitchen—they could then go all over the house—I also lost two coats and a bat belonging to Jacob Boxsius, my son, and two coats and a pair of trowsers belonging to William Smith; they were all safe about eleven o'clock over night—on the 17th of July, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, the officers took me to where I saw my horse and cart, and harness—I have found the coats, coal-scuttle, and other articles, in pawn.





JOHN BARRS
. I keep a livery-stable in Suffolk-mews, Middlesex Hospital. The prisoner came to me with a horse and harness, on Friday the 17th of July—he said he had brought the horse from Mr. Harris, I was to give it a feed of corn, and a good clean, and hit master would be there in half an hour to ride him with the saddle—he took the harness away with him—I suspected, and followed him into Charlotte-street, Rathbone-place, to Attenborough's, a pawnbroker—I went into a private box, and communicated my suspicions to the shopman—a policeman came and took him—in the afternoon of that day I saw a cart in Well-street without a horse—I took it to my stable—Mr. Boxsius's name was on it—I showed the horse, cart, and harness to Angel Boxsius's the same evening, end gave them up to him.





WILLIAM HENRY WOOD
. I am shopman to Mr. Attenborough, a pawn-broker, in Charlotte-street, Fitzroy-square. The prisoner brought a harness to our shop, and said he brought it from Mr. Harries, No. 8, Norfolk-street—I could find no such person there—I fetched a policeman—he bad got a piece of ribs of beef, and part of a loaf, and was tying it up.





JAMES PORTER
. (police-constable P 1.) I was called to Attenboroug's shop on the 17th of July, and found the prisoner's there—Barrs stated about the harness—I cautioned the prisoner as to what he should say, as it might be given in evidence—I asked where he got the harness from—he made no answer—I took him into custody—in searching him, I found a portion of a silver punch-ladle, a silver mustard-spoon, a thimble, four duplicates, 20s. 4d. in silver, and 3d. in copper—I saw a bundle lying down—I asked him what it was—he said that belonged to the same—I opened it, and found a large piece of beef, part of a loaf, and a white knife, and the coat on his back he said belonged to the party—I went back, and got the horse, and after I got back to the station-house we bad received information of this robbery—on the way to the police-court 1 said to him, "It appears by the information there is a cart stolen"—he said, "Yes, I left the cart in a street not far from where the horse stands"—I gave information to the prosecutor—the cart was found in Adam-street.





JAMES AVAELING
. I am a cab-driver, and live in Wood's-place, East-lane, Walworth. On Friday morning, the 17th of July, about a quarter to five o'clock, I was in the rank at Stone's-end, Borough, and saw Mr. Boxsius's gates open, and a cart come out—then the hone came out, and the harness, which was put on the horse, and driven away—I could not swear to the person—I thought it was one of Mr. Boxsius's own men—he drove off.





RICHARD TEBBS
. I am shopman to Mr. Aldous, a pawnbroker, in Berwick-street, Soho. I produce two coats and a stew-pan, pawned on the 17th of July, about half-past eight o'clock in the morning, by the prisoner; also a coal-scuttle and tea-kettle, pawned by him, in the name of John Boxeye—when he went away I saw he had a horse and cart—he

got into the cart—I have seen the hone since outside—I believe it is the same.





ANGEL BOXSIUS

re-examined. These articles are mine.





JACOB BOXSIUS
. I live at my father's house. This coat is mine—I missed it on the 17th of July.





WILLIAM SMITH
. I am the prosecutor's servant. I fastened the house up about half-past nine o'clock—I got up at a quarter to seven in the morning—I found the back door unbolted, but I could not open it—I went and called the young man—he opened it—I found the grating removed—I went into the kitchen, and my master was called.

Prisoner's Defence. I was lodging in the Mint; a man got up about four o'clock in the morning, and asked me if I would have a job, and he would give me 2s. for a few hours, and to meet him at the Running Horses public-house, Blackfriars-road, at half-past six o'clock—I met him there, called for a pint of ale, and drove off to the west-end of the town—at half-past eight o'clock he took the bundle out of the cart, and pawned the things; he gave me a coat, and told me to take the horse and put it into a livery stable; I did so; I returned; he told me to go and ask the pawnbroker's to take in a lot of good second-hand harness; I went, and he said he could not tell till he saw it; I took the harness to him, and he gave me in charge; in the coat pocket was a lot of silver and the tickets; the rest of the money I got from pawning my watch, and selling my coat.

JURY. to
ANGEL BOXSIUS. Q. Had you the same horse when the prisoner lived with you? A. Yes—he knew it.




GUILTY.** Aged 19.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

