





1423. 



BENJAMIN HILL
 and 



JAMES KING
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 



John M'Farlane, from his person; and that Hill had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN M'FARLANE
. I am a master mariner, and live at Poole. At half-past eleven o'clock, on the 24th of April, I was on London-bridge, and felt some one touch my coat-pocket—I put my hand, and missed my handkerchief—I turned, and found it in Hill's right hand—he was close to me—I collared him and put my hand round him, and prevented his parting with it—he dropped it—a gentleman said, "There is your handkerchief"—I saw no one else.

Hill. I was looking over the bridge; he caught hold of me, and said, "You have got my handkerchief." Witness. When I turned to you, you had it in your right hand—you turned to the bridge to hide it, but I seized it directly—I held your hand so close that you could not chuck it from you.





WILLIAM POUND
, shoemaker, Took-street. I was on London-bridge, and saw the two prisoners in company, and saw Hill pick the prosecutor's pocket—he collared him—I went across, and assisted in taking him to the station—I had seen the prisoners together for about three quarters of an hour—they attempted four or five pockets—I am positive they were together—I have known them five or six years.

Hill. Q. Was any one alongside of me, talking? A. No—there were plenty passing—I got drunk when I was in the police.

King. Q. Do you know any harm of me? A. No—you had a great coat with pockets on the side, and held your coat out while Hill did this—I had seen you with Hill on the Saturday previous, going into Astley's Theatre—I told a man to go after you, and he lost you.





WILLIAM CARLES
. I saw this handkerchief in Hill's possession—King was in his company.

King. Q. What clothes had I on? A. A great coat with two side-pockets—I saw you all the time—you were along with Hill till you run away.





JAMES CUDDY
 (police-constable L 20.) I produce a certificate of Hill's former conviction, which I got from the Session-house of the borough of Kingston-on-Hull—(read)—the prisoner is the man.

HILL**—


GUILTY
. Aged.—


Transported for Ten Years.


KING—


NOT GUILTY
.
