



961. 



WILLIAM DAVIS
 was indicted

for stealing 1 cask, value 6d.; and 75lbs. weight of butter, 2l.; the goods of 



William Fisher; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM FISHER
. I am a grocer, and live at Trafalgar-row, Greenwich. On Friday, the 27th of March, about eight minutes to ten o'clock, I missed a cask of butter, which I had seen safe ten minutes before outside the shop, under the window—it had just been delivered, and had not got into the shop—I saw it found in the street by Austin—it is my property,





THOMAS JEFFERY
. I live with Mr. Dowling, a surgeon, of Trafalgar-row, Greenwich. On Friday night I Has shutting up the shop, and saw the prisoner with the butter on his right shoulder—I knew him by sight, and I am sure he is the man—I mentioned it to Mr. Fisher's boy not five minutes after—I saw the prisoner cross the road with the butter, and another one, in a velveteen coat, came and met him—the prisoner dropped the tub, and the other helped him over the fence with it—one of them said, "Look out, Bill," and then they ran—there were three of them ran.

Prisoner. Q. You said at the office I had on a white frock? A. You had a white smock, and a pair of moleskin trowsers, and a cap with a peak.





WILLIAM AUSTIN
. I am shop-boy to Mr. Fisher. In consequence of what Jeffery told me, I went down Park-street, I heard the butter being rolled, and saw three persons running away—I found the tub of butter left.





JOHN EVANS
 (police-constable R 190.) I took the prisoner into custody and told him the charge—he said he knew nothing about it, that he was not out that evening.

Prisoner's Defence. I was not out of the house that evening; I was with my master from half-past seven till the house was shut up.





BENJAMIN LOVELL
 (police-constable R 15.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted in Oct., 1843, and confined six months)—I took him into custody, and was present at the trial—he is the person.




GUILTY
.*—


Transported for Seven Years.

