



832. 




MARGARET CAIN
 was indicted

for feloniously uttering a counterfeit shilling to 



Sarah Spurret, on the 
26th of January, having been previously convicted of a like offence.


MR. ELLIS
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY MILLING
. I am clerk to the solicitor of the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the prisoner's conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—I examined it—(read.)





JAMES MANN
 (police-sergeant K 31.) I know the prisoner. I saw her in July sessions in the year 1836, when she was tried and sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment for uttering counterfeit coin—I was present at the trial.





GEORGE SPURRET
. I am a greengrocer in Rose-street, Covent-garden. About five o'clock in the evening of the 19th of January, the prisoner came to my stall for a measure of onions, which came to 3d.—she offered me a shilling in payment, I gave her 9d. change, and she went away—about a quarter of a minute after she was gone, I went to put it into my pocket, and thought it felt smooth—I looked, and perceived it was bad—I had not mixed it with any other money—I cut it across two ways—I kept it till Wednesday, and then gave it to Johnson, the beadle.

Prisoner. There is another woman in gaol that gave it to him. Witness. I am sure this is the woman—I know her because she has but one eye.





FREDERICK JOHN JOHNSON
. I am beadle of Covent-garden market. I received a shilling from George Spurret on the 30th of January—he described to me the appearance of the person who he said had uttered it.





SARAH SPURRET
. I am the wife of George Spurret. About five o'clock in the evening of the 26th of January, the prisoner came to my stand for a measure of onions, which came to 3d.—she gave me a shilling—I asked if she could not give me halfpence, as I had not halfpence enough—she said she had not—she had two or three shillings in her hand—she said she had only 1 3/4 d.—I went to get change—my husband called me back, and said in her presence, "This is the woman that gave me the shilling last Tuesday—I sent for an officer—I gave the shilling to Moore, the beadle.

Prisoner. She never said a word, but went next door to a green-grocer's with it—what passed I cannot tell—she came in, went by me, and went through the market with it—I staid by the side of her husband—she then came and said, "You gave my husband a bad shilling before."


Witness. I went a few yards to a person to ask for change—I had not parted with it out of my hand, and did not get change for it—I did not notice it was bad, till my husband called me back.





GEORGE SPURRET

re-examined. On the 26th of January I saw the prisoner after she had bought the onions—I had not observed any thing about the shilling being good or bad, before I charged her with being there before.





RICHARD MOORE
. I am beadle of Covent-garden. I apprehended the prisoner on the 26th of January, and received this shilling from Sarah Spurret—I found on the prisoner two good shillings, and 2d. in copper—I gave them back to her.

Prisoner. They only gave me one back. Witness. Mr. Powell ordered me to give one to the prisoner and one to the prosecutor.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Royal Mint—these shillings are both counterfeit in all respects.

Prisoner's Defence. They have most falsely sworn—I never gave them 2s.—the woman is in prison now that gave one—I should be obliged if you would send for her, her name is Mary Smith.





MARY SMITH
 (a prisoner.) I do not know a person named George Spurret, or his wife—I know a person who keeps a greengrocer's stall in Covent-garden—I have dealt with one facing James-street—it was in January, six or seven weeks ago, before I came here—I think it was about the 9th—it was before the middle of the month—I paid one shilling, it was a bad one—I bought a little measure of onions which came to 3d.—the same thing did not happen again to me.

Cross-examined by
MR. ELLIS. Q. When were you first imprisoned? A. I was committed last Tuesday four weeks—I was tried last Sessions, and convicted, and sentenced to ten years' transportation.




GUILTY
. Aged 38.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
