



1558. 




JAMES DURANT



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Glover, and stealing 4 ear-rings, 12 rings, and other articles, value 4l.; his goods.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS GLOVER
. I am a jeweller, of 36, St. John's-street, in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green. On 11th June, about eight o'clock in the morning, I left my shop secure, and went out—I returned about eight in the evening, and found the lock and bolts broken—I missed jewellery to the amount of 4l.





EDWARD RANSOM
. I lodge at Mr. Glover's. I was there on 11th June, about four o'clock in the afternoon—I was in the room over the parlour, and heard a noise—I went down and found the parlour door locked—I went round to the shop door, it gave way when I pushed it—I went into the street and saw John Ponton, who was convicted last session, come out of the shop—I collared him; while holding him, the prisoner came out of the shop into the passage, and then into the street; he walked a little way and then ran—Ponton took several articles of jewellery from his pocket and threw them on the ground.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRT. Q. Is there a sidedoor from the pas-sage to the shop? A. Yes; I saw his face—I was taken to see him five weeks afterwards at Worship-street Police Court, and saw him coming from the Featherstone-street station with the policeman.





HECTOR CARKETT
. I am a porter in Spitalfields-market, and live two doors from Mr. Glover's. On 11th June, about twenty minutes to five o'clock, I was in St. John-street, and saw Ronson holding a man opposite Mr. Glover's—I saw the prisoner come out of the shop—I went after him, he escaped.

Cross-examined. Q. Was not your attention first called to him by Ransom calling out? A. Yes; I did not see his face then, but he turned round twice—I was fifteen or twenty yards from him—I did not see him again for six weeks.





LOUISA RICHARDS
. I am single, and live at 39, St. John-street, Bethnal-green. On 11th June, about half-past three o'clock, I saw two men coming from Mr. Glover's—the prisoner is one—I saw them again afterwards, about twenty minutes past four, under my window.

Cross-examined. Q. You had never seen the prisoner before? A. No.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-inspector G) On 21st July I took the prisoner—I told him the charge—he said, "I know nothing about it; I have not been that way for months."

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you took him coming out of Newgate from seeing a female friend? A. Yes.




GUILTY
.** Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.

