




1991. 




WILLIAM WOODWARD
 was indicted

 for stealing 2 breast-pins and chain, value 10s., the goods of 



John Austin, from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN AUSTIN
. I am a fishmonger, and live at Greenwich. About five o'clock in the evening of the 8th of Aug., I was in the grand stud at Edgware, where the horses were—I had a scarf on, with a gold union breast-pin—I saw it safe a minute before I missed it—I felt a pull at my scarf—I turned round, and accused a man close behind me—I do not know who he was—I sent for a policeman, who took him into a booth, and while searching him, some boys came and gave me information—the policeman ran after the prisoner about 200 yards, and took the pin out of his hand—this is my pin—it was about three minutes from the time of my losing it, and the prisoner's being taken.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You saw a hand over your shoulder? A. No, I felt his elbow on my shoulder—I did not see the prisoner near me at all.





WILLIAM BESSANT
. I was at harvest-work at Edgware—I was at Edgware fair on the 8th of August—I saw the prosecutor there that day—I saw the gold pin in his bosom—I turned round again, and looked at the prosecutor, and the pin was gone—the prisoner was near him—I saw the gold pin in the prisoner's hand—I saw him drop it—he put his foot on it, and the prosecutor turned his back, and took another man—the prisoner cut directly, and took up the pin, and ran away.

Cross-examined. Q. Where do you labour? A. At Reading, in Berkshire—I have never been in prison in my life, that I swear—I have been in prison at Tothill-fields once, about six weeks ago, for fourteen days, for begging—I have not been charged frequently with robbing farmers—I was hay-making, but it was a wet morning, and I did not go to work—I get my living in general on the Great Western Railroad—the policeman has not told me I must be sure and swear against the prisoner—three or four persons stopped me, that I should not go up to the prisoner—I did not say before the Justice that I saw the prisoner put his arm over Mr. Austin's shoulder, and the gold pin fell on the ground—I was reminded by the prisoner, and I said, "I think I said last night that I saw you take it out of the handkerchief;" but I did not see that—I first told the policeman of this on the turnpike road, nearly half an hour afterwards—I could not tell him sooner, because I had the prisoner's chaps round me—I did not know them—when I got on the road I told the policeman directly—I did not see the prisoner take the pin, but I saw him pick it up, and run away—I did not run after him—I had not the chance—I was stopped—I did not call out to the prosecutor that he had got the wrong person, but directly I saw the prosecutor I knew he was the man that had lost the pin—as soon as the prosecutor turned round, with the other man, the prisoner picked up the pin, and off he went—I did not see who took it out of the prosecutor's stock.





JAMES THOMAS
 (police-constable S 53.) I received information, and ran after the prisoner across the field—I told him I wanted him for a gold pin that he had got—he said he was looking for the gentleman; but he was not coming towards the prosecutor, but going from him—he had this pin in his right hand.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he not say, "I am looking for the gentleman it belongs to?" A. Yes—there was nothing to prevent his throwing it away—I never saw Bessant before.





MATTHEW RIORDON
 (police-constable D 135.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.

