



1763. 




THOMAS DOLTON
 was indicted for

 felonionsly assaulting 



John Bolsover, on the 
27th of May, and cutting and wounding him on the head, with intent to kill and murder him.—Four other COUNTS, stating his intent to be to main and disable, to do grievous bodily harm, and to prevent the priner's lawful apprehension and detainer.


MESSRS. DOANE
and
WYLDE
conducted the Presecution.






JAMES BOLSOVER
 (police-constable N 309.) On Saturday night, the 27th

of May, I was stationed at Tottenham, and had occasion to go to the Wagon and Horses inn about twelve o'clock—I saw seven or eight men coming out of the house, very disorderly and riotous—the prisoner, also Champkin, and Coleman, were among them—I ordered them away—they would not go away—I said it was after twelve o'clock—they were kicking up a disturbance, and using bad language—I said, "Come, you chaps, you must go off home; I cannot have you making a disturbance here"—they said they would not go, and used bad language—Champkin said he would not go, and used bad language—hes said, "Who the b----h—are you? you might be some one"—I was in my uniform—I then ordered Coleman on, and he then used bad language—he still remained there—all three of them, the whole of them remained—I then told Dolton to go—he said, in a sneering way, to the others, "Why the b----h—don't you, chaps, go home?"—there were seven or eight of them—they I had come out of the Castle—he then turned himself round, as if he was going to walk away, stepped a pace or two back, put his hand into his pocket, and drew something out, struck me on the top of my head, and knocked me senseless—here is my hat—it struck through my hat before it touched my head—there were no holes in my hat previously—there are two now—Elizabeth Coleman caught me when I fell—I do not recollect receiving more than one blow, I became insensible from the first blow, but I must have received three on my head after that—when I came to my senses I found my head cut, and my face all covered with blood—I had this handkerchief in my hat at the time, and it was all over blood, which came from my head—the hat was also stained with blood inside—I went up Tottenham, about thirty or forty yards, to the turnpike, and saw Sergeant Guy and Sinclair coming down—I have suffered very much from the blows I received—I was confined to my bed for a fortnight—I am not able now to perform duty.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When the men came out of the house they were very drunk and riotous, were they? A. They were not very drunk, they were the worse for liquor—I know that the prisoner's words, "Why the b----h—don't you go," were addressed to the other persons, and not to myself, because he said it in a sneering way—he had no business to sneer at me—I told him civilly to go away—the men were shoving one another about, cursing and swearing, and using very disgusting language—they had just come out of the public-house—they were not injuring any one—there were some persons going by at the time—I do not know who they were—they were not larking, they were making & disturbance—if I had not ordered them away they, would have got to fighting—I told them three or four times to go on—I never had any quarrel or dispute with the prisoner—I knew him.





ELIZABETH COLEMAN
. I live in Wagon and Horses-lane, Tottenham. On Saturday night, the 27th of May, I went to the top of the lane to look after my son, who I believed was there—when I got there I saw my son, Bolsover, and the prisoner—I saw the prisoner strike Bolsover—I did not see what with, only his hand—before that I heard the policeman say, "Move on, three or four different times—when he was struck he fell on me, as I stood sideways, and caught hold of me to save himself from going on the ground—he clung to me—I was alarmed and called, "Murder" three times—somebody came to his assistance, and I went home directly—I looked at my arm where he had laid hold of me, and found one or two spots of blood on it, and also one or two spots of blood on my gown.

Cross-examined. Q. When you got to the Wagon and Horses had the persons got out or not? A. They had, and my son was standing in the lane—I heard nothing pass between him and the policeman—I did not get near

them till he was speaking to the prisoner—I do not know what the prisoner is—he works at anyting he can get to do—his mother lived two or three doors from me—he did not live with her—I do not know where he lived—I have known him from a child—I do not know that he was working for Mr. Warrington, a coal-merchat—I have seen him carry sacks for some one—he was not a particular acquaintace of my son's—they used to associate together at times—my son is a bricklayer's labourer—they used to associate together Castle—I never heard of the prisoner being in trouble before.





GEORGE GUY
 (police-sergeant N 40.) On the night of the 27th of May I was near the Wagon and Houses, and saw Bolsover all over blood, face, neck, and clothes—I saw a wound at the side of his eye—he described the person who had done it—I went with him to Mr. Hall, a surgeon, who dressed the wounds and ordered him to bed.

GEORGE LORD. I keep the Wagon and Horses public-house. The prisoner and some other men had been drinking at my house on the night in question—I had part of an old poker, which I kept in the tap-room fire-place—I saw it there that morning, and next morning found it was gone—this now produced is it.





CATHERINE CHAMPKIN
. I am a widow and live in Wagon and Horses-lane, Tottenham. On the 27th of May, after I was in bed, my son came home—he came up stairs to me—I heard the voice of somebody below—I he should not stay there—he took off his coat, and told me to take it up stairs—I said I should not, he must take it away—I was going to open the street door to tell him to go out—he said, "Don't open the door, the bl—y policemen are in the lane"—I did not open it, but went up to bed—I afterwards heard somebody leave the house—he called to me just before to come down and lock the door—I went down, and he was gone—early nest morning the policeman came and found the poker and jocket—it was not my poker—I never saw it before.

Cross-examined. Q. Your son was taken up? A. Yes—I gave evidence, and he was discharged.





RICHARD SINCLAIR
 (police-constable N 321.) On Sunday morning, the 28th, I went to Mrs. Champkin's to apprehend her son—I found this poker and fustian coat there—I afterwards took the prisoner from Tottenham station to Edmonton—on the way he called to some persons standing on the Nursery-bridge, "The policeman is dying, Sinclair shall be the next"—he looked at me, and said, "If I get over this I will do for you," or "kill you," I am not certain which—he called out so several times—I had not given him offence, only taking him into custody twice before.

Cross-examined. Q. Not for felony? A. No, he was disorderly at times.

GEORGE COOMBER (police-constable N 306.) On the 28th, as the prisoner was going to the Edmonton station, he called to several persons on the Nursery-bridge, "I have killed the policeman, and will kill Sinclair nest"—he appeared sober—it was about nine on Sunday morning.





WILLIAM HALL
. I am a surgeon of Tottenham. Bolsover was brought to me on Saturday night, the 26th of My, about half-past twelve o'clock—I found four very serious wounds on his head—the most serious one on the left side of the head, another over the left brow, and two more on the opposite side—the worst one was three inches long, and a very profuse hemorrhage from it—the scalp was completely divided to the bone, which was quite exposed, and so it was in the wound on the eye-brow—this old poker would produce such a wound, if struck with great violence, such violence as would cut through his hat—the first wound must have been from a side blow, and

the others, I think, only the point reached the head—the poker weighs 3lbs. or 4lbs.—the wounds were unquestionably calculated to endanger life—he is still under my care—there were symptoms of concussion for the first day or two.

Cross-examined. Q. Has he been in actual danger? A. He was in that state, we might anticipate danger—there were several serious symptoms the first and second day, sickness and excited circulation, and increased nervous sensibility, which are symptoms of concussion.




GUILTY

with intent to do grievous bodily harm. Aged 32.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

