



476. 




CHARLES HAYDEN
was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
13th of December, 1 gelding, price 8l., the property of 



William Elliott.—2nd COUNT, for killing it with intent to steal the carcase.






WILLIAM WARING.
I am gardener to Mr. Reynolds, of Brentford, and live in a nursery belonging to him at Isleworth. On Friday morning, the 13th of December, about seven o'clock, I was in the road, and saw a grey pony staggering about the road bleeding, but being dusk I could not see where the blood came from—it staggered across the road, his hind legs fell under him, he then fell down, and soon died—I examined it, and saw it had been stuck at the bottom of the throat, and to the chest I consider—that was all the marks I observed at that time—I returned to the nursery about my business, and in about half an-hour I saw two men approach the horse—I was in sight of where it lay—one was a tall man in a fustian jacket—the other a shortish man wore a darkish coloured coat—I cannot say whether it was black or blue—I cannot swear to the men—I have no doubt the prisoner was one of them, but would not undertake to swear it positively—they were trying to push the blood about to hide it, by placing mud on the blood that was about the road—I went up to the tall man in the fustian jacket, and asked if it was his horse—he said, "Yes"—I asked how he came to stick the poor thing, and go away and leave it in that manner—he said, "It was no use after"—that was all he said—I went to the other roan who stood by the horse, and asked him if any thing was the matter with the horse—they were both together, and in hearing—all he said was, "I don't know, master"—I went away directly to the nursery—I came back in about two minutes, and they were gone—the horse laid in the road, and was fetched away in the afternoon by somebody, but I never saw it after—it was a grey pony, and a gelding—the last time I saw it was in the road, between Isleworth and Brentford, by the side of the road, just at the corner of the Duke of Northumberland's wall—it was not above three or four yards from the ditch—

there was only the footpath between the ditch and the horse—I did not observe any particular marks on the horse.





WILLIAM ELLIOTT.
I am a butcher, and live at Sherwin Green, Hampshire. The prisoner lived with me between two and three years ago—I have not seen him in Hampshire for two or three years—he has been living near Brentford, I understand—I had a grey pony gelding, which I turned into a meadow at Hartley parish, about a quarter of a mile from my place—I missed it on Friday morning, the 13th of December—I had seen it myself the Tuesday night before in my yard, and sent my servant into the meadow with it—I did not afterwards see it in the meadow myself—I had not authorized any body to take it away, nor sell it—I saw it next at Brentford, which is about thirty-seven or thirty-eight miles from Hartleys—it was dead then, and lying in a stable under the care of a man named Bevan, I think—Taylor, a Sheriff's officer, took me to see it—he is not here—I examined the horse—its inside had been taken out then—I saw a scar on the leg, which I could swear to—I did not see any wound about the neck, because it was opened all down the neck and belly, and laid on his back, and his inside was washed out—I am sure it was my pony by the wound in the leg—I had had him about a month—he had the wound on the leg when I first had it—I often observed it—it was on the off far leg, at the fetlock—I have the limb here—(producing it)—it was an iron grey—I can swear positively it was the pony I missed from my field—I never saw it in the prisoner's presence, nor ever had any conversation with him on the subject.

EDWARD TALBOT.I am a police-constable of Brentford. On Friday, the 13th of December, I received information and went to Isleworth parish, and found a grey gelding by the side of the road—it was three or four yards from the ditch, which is close to the Duke of Northumberland's wall—the road leads from Brentford to Isleworth—it was eight or ten yards from Mr. Reynold's garden, where Warring works—I saw a quantity of blood in the road, which appeared as if mud had been scraped over it—I first saw the blood thirty or forty yards from the horse—it was dead—it had a wound in the neck, apparently recently inflicted, and the blood was fresh—the horse was taken to Brentford, to Bevan's stable—I saw it in that stable in Bevan's presence—he was standing in the road when I got up to the horse—he is not here now—I was never present when Taylor, the Sheriffs officer, was at the stable with the horse, nor when Elliott was there—the stable is in Catherine Wheel-yard, Brentford—Bevan has only one stable there—there are other stables in the yard—the yard is a thoroughfare—Bevan's stable is on the left-hand side going from Brentford—the other end of the yard opens to the locks of the Thames—it is about a third of the way do on—he prisoner was never present there with me—the horse was opened afterwards, from the throat right down through the belly, and the inside taken out—I observed a mark on the leg, which I should know again—(looking at the leg)—this is the leg of the horse I found in the road—I apprehended the prisoner the same day at Brentford—I asked him if he knew any thing of that horse which was lying by the Duke's wall, at Isleworth—he said, "Yes, I killed it"—he said the horse was his own, and he had a right to do as he liked with his own—I had not threatened nor promised him at all—I asked him how he came to kill the horse—he said because it was no use, he could not get it any further1—he then showed me the knife he killed it with, which I produce—the stain of blood is on it now.





WILLIAM ELLIOTT

re-examined. I do not know the name of the yard

the stable was in—it was a sort of thoroughfare leading out of Brentfordstreet, and on the left hand going from the street.





WILLIAM WARING

re-examined. When I first saw the horse staggering in the road it was going towards Isle worth, that is further from town than Brentford—the horse was not going direct for London, but turned back towards Isleworth—Isleworth is nearer to Hampshire than Brentford.





ABRAHAM NOAKES.
I buy and sell poultry, and buy old dead horses, and such things. On the 13th of December the prisoner came to my house, and asked if I bought such things as a dead pony—I asked where it was—he told me it laid in the Isleworth-road—I went with him to look at it, and found it lying in the road, four or five yards from the Duke of Northumberland's wall—it was a grey gelding—I asked what he wanted for it—it was dead—I did not notice how it had been killed, for while I was looking at it they said it was killed in an indecentway, and I went away—the prisoner pointed it out as the one he wanted to sell—we were about half an hour together—he said the pony was taken bad in the head, and dropped, and then he was obliged to kill it.

Prisoner. I hope you will consider it is the first offence. I was ever guilty of; I hope you will have mercy on me.




GUILTY.Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years


Before Mr. Baron Gurney.
