





1022. 




WILLIAM HENRY WARREN
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
12th of Feb., 12ozs. weight of India-rubber, value 1s. the goods of 



Charles Kay, and another, his masters; and the said





SAMUEL LEWIS
 and 




EDWARD LEWIS



for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






BENJAMIN NICHOLLS
. I live in York-street, Lambeth, and am manager to Charles Kay and another—Warren had been in their employ, and was discharged—they have lost some India-rubber—I have examined that which is produced, and I believe it belongs to my masters—there is no mark on this, but in the place where Warren worked, there were 300 or 400 of such pieces, and he had an opportunity of taking it.





WILLIAM HARVEY
. I was living with the Lewis's, in Artichoke-court—I know Warren by his coming to dine in their room, petty nearly every day—he used to have it brought to him ready cooked by his mother—there was only myself living with the Lewis's—I had my lodging there—one Thursday at dinner-time Warren brought up an India-rubber bottle, and gave it to Samuel Lewis, who looked at it, and said, "Very well," and chucked it under the bed—I believe Edward Lewis was out—I only saw Warren bring one piece of rubber.





CHARLES STEWART
 (police-constable L 185.) On the 22nd of Feb. I went to Lewis's lodgings—Fenning found one of these bottles of rubber under the bed, and the other in the box.





ROBERT FENNING
 (police-constable L 181.) I found this bottle of rubber under the bed, and this other in the box—I took Warren—I told him I wanted him for some India-rubber—he said it was all right, his father had seen. Mr. Nicholls, and settled it—I said, no, he had not, for I had just come from there—he then said he had taken one, and no more.

Warren. I did not say so.

WARREN—



GUILTY. Aged 15.—Recommended to mercy.
—




Confined Three Months.


SAMUEL LEWIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.


EDWARD LEWIS—


NOT GUILTY
.
