



2135. 




JAMES GARRAWAY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of July, 1 basket, value 6d.; 1 pocket-book, value 6d.; 4 sovereigns, and 1 half-sovereign; the property of 



Elizabeth Hill.






ELIZABETH HILL
. I am a widow, and live at Greenwich. About a quarter past eleven o'clock am the morning of the 4th of July I was in town, and met an old pensioner—I got from him four sovereigns and a half-sovereign—I put them into a little pocket-book, which is marked with my husband's name, "George Hill," and put the pocket-book into a little basket—I saw the prisoner and another man watching another" pensioner, who was with the one I received the money from—I felt rather alarmed—I particularly noticed the prisoner—I took the basket and money, and went into Mrs. Mussett's—I set my basket on a chair at the back of her shop—I am sure the prisoner was watching me—I had not been in a minute before he came in, threw a handkerchief over my basket, and ran out with it—Mrs. Mussett ran out—I followed, and saw him drop my basket between the barracks, after he got into the Tower.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. you saw another man as well as the prisoner? A. Yes, another man in company with him—this money was paid at the office on Tower-hill—I put the basket on Mrs. Mussett's chair at the other end of her shop, which is not very large—I saw the prisoner take it from the chair—I was very close to him—I could not lay hold of him—he was gone in a minute, and the other man too—Mrs. Musaett said, "O my God! that man has got the basket"—this money was

mine—the pensioner had paid me a debt be owed me—he boards and lodges with me.





HANNAH MUSSETT
. Mrs. Hill came into my shop, and put down a basket—the prisoner came in, and ran away with it—I am sure he is the man.

Cross-examined. Q. Was there not another man? A. Yes, taller than the prisoner—I had never seen the prisoner before, but by his coming in in a particular manner I noticed him—he was there a very short time.





MICHAEL MICKMAN
. I was sitting on the terrace on Tower-hill—I saw the prisoner and another man running towards the Tower—the prisoner threw down the basket.

Cross-examined. Q. How near were you to him? A. About twelve yards, but I was nearer when he was collared in the Tower—I saw him stopped by the watchman—I swear I saw the basket drop—he was taken into the guard-room—I am a night watchman on the river.





JOHN WOODCOCK
. I am a labourer. I went into the guard-room, and searched—I found this pocket-book behind the coal-box.

Cross-examined. Q. Who was. in the guard-room A. Four guards and the corporal—the prisoner was not there then—he had been taken away—I suppose he had been in the guard-room half an hour.





JOHN CRESSET
. I stopped the prisoner, and put him into the guard-house—he resisted violently.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.
