



887. 



TIMOTHY SHIELDS



, uttering counterfeit coin; having been before convicted.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant-solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Timothy Shields at this Court, it the Feb. Sessions, 1846—this I have examined with the original record in Mr. Clark's office, it is a true copy—(read—Confined six months.)





ROBERT WHITE
 (policeman, B 100). I was present when the prisoner was convicted here in Feb., 1846, of uttering counterfeit money.





THOMAS COCK
. I am a baker, of Strutton-ground, Westminster. On 16th Feb. the prisoner came to my shop between four and five o'clock, and asked for half a quartern loaf, and gave me a bad shilling—I did not notice it to be bad till he was turning out of the door—I put it on the back counter, apart from all other money, marked it, and put it in a piece of paper, and locked it up in a drawer, where it remained till the 28th, when the prisoner came again for two half-quartern loaves—I remembered him, walked into the shop and busied myself with the gas lights till he put down a half-crown—my wife was serving him—I picked up the half-crown, bent it, found it was bad, and put it into my pocket—I told the prisoner that made the second piece of bad money—he denied it being the second piece, and said, why had I not given him in charge on the first case—I took the bread off the counter—he said, "Well, let me have the bread master," and threw down a good shilling—I, in the hurry of the moment, gave him the bread, and took the money out of the good shilling—I could not leave my shop as my wife was very near her confinement; I could not see a policeman handy, and therefore let him go—next morning I saw the policeman, Brine, pass my shop—I spoke to him and gave him the half-crown and shilling wrapped in a piece of paper.

Prisoner. You said if I gave you a shilling you would say no more about it? A. I did not—you were never in my shop before you passed the shilling, and were not there between that day and the day you passed the half-crown; I did not tell your wife or her mother that if they gave me a shilling I would say no more about it.





SAMUEL BRINE
 (policeman, B 33). I produce one shilling and half-a-crown, which I received from Mr. Cock on 1st March.





MARK LOOME
 (policeman, B 11). I took the prisoner on 17th March, in Duck-lane, Westminster—I told him what I took him for—he said he was a regular customer of Mr. Cox—I said I had been looking for him for the last fortnight; he said he had been at work in the country.

MR. POWELL
re-examined. This shilling which is broken is counterfeit and the half-crown also.

Prisoner's Defence I am innocent of uttering the bad shilling.





ELLEN SLINGSBY
. I am the mother-in-law of the prisoner—he has been married seven years—the prosecutor told me and the prisoner's wife if we would give him a shilling he would make away with the two bad pieces that was on the night before the Sessions began—about a week ago we went

to him, and begged him to make it right with my son—he said, "No," but if we paid him a shilling he would make away with the two pieces.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.

