



1531. 




ROBERT NEALE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of March, 63lbs. weight of lead, value 11s.; the goods of 



Frederick Guy and 



Richard Hughes, and fixed to a building; and that he had before been convicted of felony.







GEORGE STEVENS
. I am in the service of Richard Hughes And Frederick Guy, proprietors of Vauxhall gardens. I had seen this lead on the engine-house and stables before the 18th of March—I went to the premises after the 18th, and it was gone—there were footsteps on the premises, and the lead had been jagged and taken away by violence—on the 21st a shoe was sent over by a policeman, which I examined with the footsteps, and it corresponded exactly with the nails in number and in the site of the shoe—the lead was supposed to be taken on the 16th or 17th—some lead had been produced which I think was the lead—it was the same quality of lead and had the same marks as regards the flushing—I hare compared it with the rest on the roof, and it corresponds.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS
Q. Did you tell the Magistrate you compared it? A. I did—I believe it is in my deposition—I said it corresponded—I took it up on the place, and laid it by the side of what remained and fitted it to the gutter—I told the Magistrate, that—my deposition was read over to me—what I said the first time was not taken down I believe—what was taken down was read over to me—there was nothing read to me about examining it with the gutter—I did not consider it was my duty to direct the Magistrate—I was told to attend to it, and was asked afterwards if it was true—I said, "Yes," but there was a great deal of which I said that was not taken down—I saw the lead safe on the premises I think on Sunday morning, the 16th—it was the Sunday previous to the policeman coming, which was on Tuesday or Wednesday—I saw it on the Sunday between nine and One o'clock in the morning, on the engine-house in the gardens.





MICHAEL HIGGINS
. I am a policeman. Between tight and nine o'clock at night on the 18th of March, I was in Vauxhall-street, near Vauxhall-gardens, and saw the prisoner running along with something on his shoulder—when he saw me coming close on him he got on faster—I followed and came up to him—he turned round Prince's-row, put this lead down in a garden-fence, and ran away—I followed and secured him—next day I took off his shoe, took it to Vauxhall-gardens, and found it corresponded with the marks in the mould, and also in the number of nails, which was nine—I produce the lead.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you search him? A. Yes—I found nothing on him—I could not tear the lead asunder with my hands—I could do it with a knife—I found no knife on him.

COURT. Q. Did the lead appear cut? A. Yes, fresh cut—he was about a quarter of a mile from Vauxhall-gardens.





HENRY BAREFOOT
. I am a policeman. I produce a copy of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the Westminster Sessions—(read)—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
