





1376. 




THOMAS FLYNN
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
7th of April, 1 yard of matting, value 2d., and 37lbs. weight of soap, value 15s.; the goods of 



Thomas Stevens, his master; and 





BENJAMIN BARNES



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.; to which


FLYNN pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 40.—Recommended to mercy.—





Confined Four Months.

MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS STEVENS
. I am a soap-manufacturer—my factory is in Dock-street, Rosemary-lane—Flynn was one of my labourers—about five oil six o'clock on the evening of the 7th of April, one of my men came and told me something—I went round another way to meet Flynn, but did not see him—I then ran through a back alley into Barnes's, who has a shop in Glasshouse-street—he appears to sell very little—I ran into the shop—there was no one there—I went into the back room, which is a bed-room—I saw Flynn, Barnes, and Mrs. Barnes, all together—thirty-seven lbs. of soap, worth 15s., was by the side of the bed, covered over—Flynn tried to scramble under the bed, out of sight—Mrs. Barnes attempted to go out at a back-door—Barnes asked me to forgive him, that he had never brought it there before—I understood him to mean Flynn—he asked me to let Flynn carry it out of my back-door, and carry it back to the factory again—I got a policeman, and gave them into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You had not been out long? A. No, a very short time—I got my information from one Gollick—this soap was covered with a mat, and when I got to the back-room door, my feet kicked against it, and I saw the soap.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Had it been opened? A. There is no doubt it had.





RICHARD NORRIS
. I am melter to Mr. Stevens—the prisoner was in his service—I was coming down stairs on this evening—while I was down I saw some soap chucked out of a window—Flynn went out after it—he picked up the soap, and made his way out of the gate—I sent our other man to tell my master.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it covered up with a mat? A. Yes, in this mat.





JOSIAH CHAPLIN
 (police-constable H 124.) At half-past six o'clock, on the 7th of April, I was called in to Barnes's house—Stevens gave Flynn into custody—I took him, with the soap which was on the floor—the matting was with it—it was lying open then—I told Barnes it looked very strange that this man should walk into his bed-room with the soap—Barnes said he knew nothing about it, he was out at the time.





GEORGE REED
. I worked for Mr. Stevens, and live in Dock-street—I saw Flynn take out some soap in a rosin-mat—I could tell it was soap, as one of the ends was open—the mat did not appear to be fastened by any cording—there were two transactions—on the 7th of April I saw Flynn come down with the soap, and go to Barnes's house, about half-past six o'clock—this is the matting he took this last time—I was about twelve yards from Barnes's house—I did not see Barnes go in or out after I saw the soap carried in—if he had gone in, I must have seen him.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know Barnes's shop? A. Yes—he has a back door and a yard.

(Robert Walker, of Richard-street, Commercial-road; and Joseph Hobbs, Union-terrace, Commercial-road; gave Barnes a good character.)

BARNES—


GUILTY
. Aged 38.—


Transported for Seven Years.
