



116. 




THOMAS ENSOR



, stealing, 
5th Sept., 1 watch-guard chain, value 4l., the goods of 



Samuel Archbutt.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL ARCHBUTT.
 I am a solicitor, in King's-road, Chelsea. I left town with my wife and family, on 7th Aug.—I returned in two of three days, and left again on 4th Sept., leaving my servant, Jane West, in charge of the house, and Dignam, my clerk, in charge of my offices—I returned on the 7th and in consequence of a communication from Mr. Kayes, my articled clerk, I examined my premises, and found a drawer, in which I occasionally kept cash, broken open; also my wife's wardrobe, and the toilet-glass drawer—a great quantity of thing were stolen—I had left a good watch-guard chain lying on a shelf in the wardrobe—I do not think it was covered up—I found that Dignam had absconded—he was subsequently taken into custody and prosecuted—I withdrew from that charge, and he was sent to the Sessions on another—whilst he was in prison I received a written communication from him, through the Governor, in consequence of which I had the prisoner and two other persons taken into custody—this is my gold guard-chain—(looking at it)—I know it from the swivel being broken, which was the cause of its being put away.





JANE WEST.
 I was servant to Mr. Archbutt—he left town on 4th Sept—I had known the prisoner about a month or six weeks previously. On Sunday evening, 5th Sept., he came to the house about six o'clock, and I went out with him, leaving Dignam in charge of the house—I came back before nine—I did not discover that any robbery had taken place until the Monday morning—I did not know what things were in the wardrobe.

Prisoner. Q. On your return home did you notice anything unusual in the behaviour of Dignam? A. No more than he felt very much agitated—you left the house with Dignam, and did not return again.

COURT.
Q. The prisoner had never left you during the time you and he were out? A. No, he was with me all the time.

MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. Did he come on any other occasion? A. He came several times to see Dignam—I did not see him again until the Monday morning, when I went out, and saw him and Dignam together, in Sloane-street—he did not come to the house at all after the Sunday, that I know of—he left about five or ten minutes past nine on the Sunday, with Dignam—he only staid in the house about five or ten minutes after our return.

Prisoner. Q. Had I any opportunity of obtaining access to the article stolen? A. Not that I am aware of—Dignam could have done so—I have frequently left Dignam in the house while I have been out on errands.





JOHN DIGNAM.
 I was clerk to Mr. Archbutt. I took charge of the house on Sunday, the 5th Sept.—I went there about six o'clock in the evening—I had previously made an arrangement with Ensor—he told me that he was going to meet some friends down at Westminster, and asked if I would accompany him—I said "Yes," and went with him to the White Horse—I saw his friends there—Ensor proposed that they should come to Mr. Archbutt's house on the next Sunday; that I should come and take care of the house, and he would take the servant out; and while she was gone, they were to

come and rob the house—I went to my master's house on the Sunday—I did not expect that the prisoner's friends were coming; they did come, and they robbed the house—I did not—that was while West and Ensor were gone out—they broke open Mrs. Archbutt's wardrobe—no guard-chain was taken, to my knowledge—West and Ensor came back about ten—I was then in the house—Ensor remained about five minutes, and then he and I both went out together, and walked to Westminster—he left me about eleven that night, and said that he was going back to Mr. Archbutt's residence to sleep—I saw him again on the Monday morning, about nine, or half-past, close against Mr. Archbutt's residence—he told me that West had discovered that all the plate was gone—while we were talking together, we saw West, who told us the loss she had sustained—after the prisoner and I had gone some distance he produced a gold guard-chain, and said that that had been looked over on the Sunday, that he found it in the wardrobe—we went down to Greenwich, and he pledged the chain at Mr. Abethal's there—the prisoner is a private in the East India Company's Artillery—he has enlisted latterly—he had not at the time in question.





JOHN GEORGE PRIOR.
 I am assistant to Mr. Abethal, a pawnbroker, at Greenwich. This gold guard-chain was pledged on 6th of Sept., for 2l., is the name of Edmund Burke, I believe by the prisoner—he was not in uniform at that time.

Prisoner's Defence. It is perfectly untrue as to my having introduced Dignam to the persons he says I introduced him to; I received the chain from Dignam on the Monday morning; I pledged it at his request, and gave him the proceeds of it.




GUILTY. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

