



1680. 



JAMES WHITE



, feloniously cutting and wounding 



Thomas Nute, with intent to do him some grievous bodily harm.






THOMAS NUTE
 (policeman, R 358). I was on duty in Clarence-street, Greenwich, on 30th May; Mr. Thame, the brother of the landlord of the Salutation, spoke to me—his person exhibited marks of violence, and he wanted the prisoner to be taken for assaulting him—I went with him to the public-house, he pointed out the prisoner, and gave him in charge—on my going towards the prisoner, he went down the steps at the water side, and went into a boat—some of his companions followed me, and told him to come out from the boat, and never mind the policeman—he then came up to me, and said, "I am the man; take me into custody, if you think you are able"—I said, "You must go with me to the station-house, and settle it quietly with Mr. Thame"—he said he would see me d—d first, and if I fetched all my force, I should not take him—I said, "You are very obstinate; give me your name and address"—he gave me his name and address—I gave it to Mr. Thame, and told him he must summon him—he said he knew nothing of him, I must take him—I went down and told the prisoner he must come with me—he struck me in the face, and ran off the steps on to the pier—I followed him to the pier, and he struck me again—we bad a tustle there for a minute or two—there were some sticks used—I got several blows on my head, and was insensible—when I came to myself, I was on my way to the station—I found my head was cut—I was confined a month, and a fortnight of the time to my bed—I had not struck the prisoner before he struck me—he was the worse for liquor—my skin was broken, I bled a great deal—I have the scars now.





THOMAS WILLIAM THAME
. I assist my brother, who keeps the Salutation, at Greenwich. On 30th May the prisoner came to the house—he was in

liquor, and I objected to his coming in—he said be would come in, and he put up his fist and knocked me down—I called Nute to take him—when Nute was assaulted, other persons joined the prisoner in attacking him—there were some boat hooks there—the officer was very much injured; I saw him led up by four persons.

Prisoner. You shoved me out of your house; if it had not been for two persons behind, you might have broken my back. Witness. I deny that in toto—you were fighting with a man outside—there was a friend of mine who saw you strike me, because I would not let you into the house—you knocked me down on the bar floor.





JAMES GILLODD BEACH
. I keep the Eagle. On 30th May, I was going to the water-side to take a boat—I met Mr. Thame with his hand up to his eye—I went for the policeman—when he came, he was surrounded by a mob of people—the prisoner said he would not go, and all the force should not take him—he commenced fighting with the constable, first with his fist, and then with an instrument, either a cane or a mop—the constable was struck on the head and body—the persons who assisted the prisoner, jumped into a boat and rowed off—I and two officers got into a boat and rowed after them, but could not overtake them.





JOHN POMEROY
 (policeman, M 130). I went to assist Nute—I saw him ill-used—he was struck several times on the head and body with this bamboo cane—one of the prisoner's companions had this, and the prisoner had this mop—the prisoner's companions escaped—the prisoner escaped at the time—he was taken last Saturday week.

Prisoner's Defence. I was drunk.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

