




2102. 




GEORGE VICKERS
 and 




GEORGE DAVIS



, stealing 1 watch value 5l.; the goods of 



John Trimley, from the person of 



Mary Trimleys; both having been before convicted.






WILLIAM OAKS
. I did live at the Model Lodging-house, at Westminster, but am now living at Manchester. On 23rd Aug. I was going along Orchard-street, about ten minutes before four o'clock in the afternoon—I saw a lady coming towards me—I saw the prisoner Vickers come behind her—he came by her side, snatched something away from her side, and ran off—Davis was standing within twenty yards of him, and when Vickers ran, he ran in the same direction down the street—I followed—I saw Vickers band something over to Davis—they went into a house, and the door was immediately shut—the lady came to the house, and went in, I did not; I went away—in abort three-quarters of an hour afterwards I was going over Westminster-bridge, I saw the two prisoners, and told the police.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRERNDERGAST. Q. What are you? A. A size maker at Manchester—I came to town to seek for a situation, last Sandy night—I did not get one—I have not been begging in London—I never went. begging—I called at several places for employment—I did not describe the man who took the watch as having light hair—I said it was dark brown—they brought forward a man with light hair, and I said that was not the man it was a man with dark brown hair.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. You had not seen either of the prisoners before? A. No—I did not say I saw a watch taken—I said I saw something taken by a man in shirt sleeves—I was looking about me—I saw the prisoners two or three minutes before this was taken—Vickers was in his shirt sleeves.






MARY TRIMLEY
. I am the wife of John Trimley, of Cowley-street, Westminster. I was in Orchard-street, on 23rd Aug., a little before four o'clock—a man came behind me and snatched my watch from my side—there was a chain to it—the snatch nearly pulled me down—part of the chain was hanging" to my neck—the person that did it ran away; I ran after him—he ran into a house in St. Ann-street—he was in his shirt sleeves and without a bat—I got into the passage of the house and saw the man in shirt sleeves going out at the back—he got away—my watch was worth about 5l.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRERNDERGAST. Q. You do not at all know the man that took your watch? A. I could not swear to him—I might have seen Oaks, but I was so agitated I cannot tell.





ELIZABETH SARAH RIDER
. I am twelve years old, I live in Wood-street. On 23rd Aug., I was going down Orchard-street—I saw the lady there—I was by her side—I saw Vickers steal her watch from her—I had seen him in Orchard-street three or four times before—he ran out of the street.

Cross-examined by
MR. PREXDERGAST. Q. Are you sure you knew Tickers before? A. Yes—I have seen him at a rag-shop in Orchard-street—he does not keep the shop—he was without his coat and cap on this day.





CHARLES TAFFEE
 (policeman, B 48). I received information and took Vickers—I saw him first in Holborn at a quarter before twelve o'clock on Tuesday the 28th—when he saw me he ran away, and I lost him—I took him afterwards in Short's-gardens—he saw me and ran away, and came out of the next house—he ran and I took him—he said he would not be taken, and he resisted very much—I told him the charge.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRERNDERGAST. Q. Did he not say he was inno-cent? A. Not to me.





MARK LOOME
 (police-sergeant, B 11). I took Davis at No. 36, Ann-street, Westminster—I told him what for—he said he knew nothing about it.

Davis's Defence. When the lady got to the house she saw Vickers and nobody else.





THOMAS PRONGER
 (policeman, A 237). I produce a certificate of the conviction of the prisoner Vickers by the name of John Long—(read)—Confided Dec, 1848, confined six months)—he is the man.





JAMES THORN
 (policeman, T 48). I produce a certificate of the prisoner Davis's former conviction—(read—Convicted Feb., 1847, Confined nine months)—he is the person—he had been summarily convicted before.

VICKERS—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

DAVIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 20





Transported for Ten Years.

