




624. 




THOMAS BREWSTER
 and 




HENRY JONES
 were indicted for

 stealing 7lbs. weight of lead, value 1s. 2d., the goods of 



Henry Kibbel and others., and that Brewster had been before convicted of felony.






MATTHEW HAMILTON
. I am an engineer in the employ of Messars. Kibbel, Shephard & Co., lead-manufactures, in Love-lane; Mr. Kibbel's name is Henry; he has two partners. On the 2nd of Feb., in the afternoon, I saw the prisoners and two others on our premises, by the side of the counting-house, coming out of the melting-house, running towards me—Brewster had a bag in one hand, and three pieces of lead in the other—he threw the bag at me, and ran back—I called Casey, and he secured Brewater—I picked up the bag—it contained three pieces of lead—they are particular pieces of lead—we have a particular mould—I can swear this lead, which was found in the bag, is my master's property—there is still white lead adhering to it—the prisoners had no business on the premises, they were all together—Jones said, "It was not me, master—I had been to the privy."

Brewster. Q. Did you see me in the melting-house? A. No. I saw you in the act of coming out of it.

Jones. Q. Did you see me in the melting-house? A. No; I saw you coming out of it—I did not see you with any lead—from information I received from Cassey, I came around, and met you and two men—I was at the corner of the counting-house, and could see you.





EDWARD CASEY
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Kibbel and Co. About half-past one o'clock on Tuesday, I saw the prisoners in the melting-house—I saw Brewster taking the lead from the heap, where we throw it out of the factory to melt it down—he took it to the other two—I went out at another door—Hamilton and I went after Brewster—he dropped the bag, and ran away—I followed him—he wanted to get over the wall, but I would not let him—I stopped him and brought him back—he said, "I have done nothing"—I said, "Yes, you have"—I did not see the faces of the other two.

JONES. Q. Did you see me take any lead? A. No—I saw you in the melting-house with Brewster.





JOHN ORE
 (police-constable M 194). I took theprisoner in charge—Brewster had the charge read over to him at the station—he said he had never had any lead in his possession—Jones said he was not with him; he had been to the water-closet.

Jones's Defence. I went down to the back of the premises, to the watercloset; a gentleman stopped me, and said I had stolen the lead; I had nothing to do with it, and was never near Brewster.





EDWARD CASEY

re-examined. There is no thoroughfare for anybody to

go through—there is a thoroughfare for ourselves, but it is private—the prisoners are not employed on the premises in any way.





JAMES BURTON
 (police-constable M 272.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Brewster's former conviction—(read—Convicted April, 1845, confined six months, and whipped)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.

BREWSTER—


GUILTY
. (†)* Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.


JONES(†)*——


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—



Confined Six Months.

