



1866. 




HENRY HAYDEN PHILLIPS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of May, 1 copper, value 15s.; 3 locks and boxes, 13s.; 6 handles, 1s.; and 4 finger-plates, 1s.; the goods of 



Edward Barnard; being fixed to a certain building; against the Statute, &c.—2nd COUNT, not stating them to be fixed.






EDWARD BARNARD
. I have an unoccupied house at No. 18, Henry-street. I have examined it, and missed some locks, finger-plates, and a copper—these finger-plates are the same.

Cross-examined by Mr. HORRY. Q. You are not certain about the locks! A. I know there were locks to the doors—I cannot say to these—I believe they were brass locks which were on the doors—as far as I know, these are the same—they appear the same—I think I went to the house about the 24th of May—it had been unoccupied three months.





JOHN BIDWELL MATTHEWS
. I am a carpenter—at present I am clerk to the prosecutor's agent—in the beginning of May, about a fortnight before the prisoner was apprehended, I left the plates and the locks on the doors in the prosecutor's house—there are some marks of paint on the edge of the locks, which correspond with the doors—I have no doubt of these being the locks—I have examined the plates—the holes are made irregularly, and they correspond with the holes on the door—I cannot speak to the copper—I have not fitted it.

Cross-examined. Q. You have seen plenty of locks of the same description?


A. Yes—I tried this lock on the parlour door—there are many of the same sort, but I doubt whether any other lock would have fitted to exactly these other locks appear quite similar, but they would not have fitted on any other door but that on which they had been—the finger-plates are cast in a mould, and numbers are cast at once, but whoever puts on the plates makes the holes—they are not placed in a regular form—it is not very probable two men would have made the holes in the same place—I cannot tell the size of the copper—very often a number of coppers are made alike—I think it is a very great chance if two makers make them of the same size—the door was double-locked—when I went there I opened it with my key.





GEORGE MADDOCKS
 (police-constable G 40.) I produce this property—I saw the prisoner coming along Yardley-street, Wilmington-square, with this copper in a bag—I followed him down to Bowling-gardens—I stopped him, and asked what he had got there—he said a copper, which he bought of a man in Rosoman-street, who was moving—he came in a contrary direction from Rosoman-street—I told him to come with me and point the man out who had sold it—to let go the string of the bag, dropped the copper and the three locks in it, and ran away—I pursued, crying, "Stop thief"—two butchers stopped him in Rosoman-street—I took him to the station, and found on him five skeleton keys, one of which opened the door of No. 18, Henry-street—the finger-plates were in his coat pocket—I compared the copper with the house in Henry-street, and it fitted exactly.

Cross-examined. Q. It was on the 19th of May you met the prisoner? A. Yes, and on the 22nd I went to the house—this skeleton, key opened the door, and locked it again—the copper was beaten up—the tops of each side nearly met—I got a brazier to beat it out for me to try it.




GUILTY
. Aged 38.—


Transported for Seven Years.

