



2073. 




ALEXANDER RIDGE
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 pocket-book, value 2s., the goods of 



Thomas Willoughby Winterton, from his person; and that he was before convicted of felony.






THOMAS WILLOUGHBY WINTERTON
. I am a clerk in the City. I was walking along Whitechapel-road on Sunday night, the 28th of Sept, and felt a sudden thrust at my side—I turned, and my hand came in contact with the prisoner, and my pocket-book fell on the ground at his feet—no one could have dropped it but him—no one was near—I said, "You have picked my pocket"—I picked up the book, and endeavoured to seize him—he made his escape, running down Whitechapel-road—he turned up a yard, and when he had got some distance he fell—a policeman came, and we secured him—he made great resistance and escaped, but was taken ultimately, and conveyed to the station—I am sure no one could have taken my pocket-book but him—it could not have fallen from my pocket—it was a deep inside pocket—as we were going to the station he made a desperate kick at me, and hurt my leg very much.

Prisoner. Q. How far was the turning from the place? A. Perhaps fifty yards—I was very near you—you fell down or I should not have secured you—I swear there was no one sufficiently near to rob me but you—I will not swear that I saw the pocket-book in your hand.





WILLIAM CANN
 (police-constable H 109.) I was on duty on my beat on the evening of the 28th of Sept.—I heard a cry of "Police!" and "Stop thief!"—I hurried to the place, and saw the prisoner turn down George-yard, running, followed by the prosecutor—the prisoner fell, or threw himself down, and I took him—he resisted very much, and would not walk—I dragged him to the end of George-yard, and got a person to help him up—he made great resistance.


Prisoner. Q. Did you stop me? A. After you got away I caught you again—I did not lose sight of you at all.

Prisoner. Does it stand likely that I must be the only person behind the prosecutor? I was running across the road; if he had looked round before he felt his pocket he would have seen me.

T. W. WINTERTON
re-examined. I did not look round till I felt a thrust at my pocket—I had a handkerchief in each pocket.

Prisoner. I was beaten very much before I made resistance. Witness. He was not—he would not have been used at all roughly if he had not made great resistance.





ALLEN PIPE
. I was an officer of the police. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at New Court—(read—Convicted 1st Jan., 1844, and confined one year)—the prisoner is the man—I have great reason to recollect it, because I got injured by him, and have been superannuated from the police through it.

Prisoner. I have not been convicted. Witness. I hove not the slightest doubt of his being the man.




GUILTY
.* Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.

