



502. 




CHARLES KING
 was indicted

 for stealing 7 pints of wine, value 30s.; 3 pints of rum, 6s.; 3 pints of brandy, 12s.; 1 pint of whiskey, 5s.; 1 1/2 pint of kerschwesser, 3s.; 11 bottles, 10d.; and 1 basket, 1s.; the goods of 



John Barnard, bis master.






ANN NICHOLSON
. I am governess to the daughter of Mr. Barnard, who

lives in Cornhill. The prisoner was in his service—I keep the key of the cellaret—I gave it to the prisoner to get some wine out—the key of the cellar was kept in the cellaret—the cellaret was found unlocked on the morning of the 3rd of Feb.





MARY KEY
. I am cook to Mr. Barnard. A little after eleven o'clock in the morning, on the 3rd of Feb., I saw the prisoner going down Birchin-lane, with a basket—I did not see what was in it, but I knew the basket had been kept on the top of a hamper in the front cellar.





HENRY WILD
. I am shopman to Mr. Causton, a printer, in Birchin-lane. On the morning of the 3rd of Feb. the prisoner brought this hamper, about eleven o'clock—he requested me to write this address on it, which I did, "Mrs. Hurst, 68, Guilford-street, Russell-square"—it was to go by the Delivery Company—I put it in the counting-house—Mr. Barnard and the officers fetched it away.





JOHN BARNARD, ESQ
. I am a banker, and live in Cornhill. The prisoner was my servant, and lived in my house—he came inio my service a few weeks before Christmas—I received information, and went to the booking-office in Birchin-lane—I saw this basket, and recognised it—I then got an officer, and asked the prisoner for the basket—he went down into my cellar, and said he could not find it—I then asked if he had taken any basket off my premises that morning—he denied having taken any basket out of my house—I called the officer, and said the prisoner denied having taken any basket out of my house, and we would take him to where we had seen a basket—I then went to the booking-office, and examined the basket, and its contents—this is it—I cannot speak to wine being missing from my cellar, but I miss some bottles of brandy—these were the back row of some bottles of brandy, which were standing upright against the wall—the front row is left right—one of these is a bottle of kerschwesser, which has a label on it, and I have another bottle of the same sort in my pocket—I know the exact number of bottles which I had of this, and I am one short—I found this bottle in the basket as it is now—the cork of it has been drawn since it was taken out of my possession—I had never drawn the cork of either of the bottles—I had but three bottles of it—I bought it at Ockenberg, on the Rhine—it bears the label of the person I bought it of—I have had it some years, and I am just one bottle deficient—I believe I lost some whiskey, but I am not positive about that—I lost some rum—after the prisoner was committed the officer and I returned to my house, and found in the prisoner's pantry a three-dozen hamper not tied down, filled with bottles, packed with shavings and straw, and four bottles of mosselle in his cupboard, three of which are similar to what was in my cellar, but I have not indicted him for them.

Prisoner. The basket belonged to Mr. Barnard, but the property in it belonged to me; my master always kept the key of his own wine-cellar, and he was very particular over his wine; the wine in my basket was left me by my late mistress; the cook is here, and she knows that I gave her Scotch whiskey, or a glass of brandy, when she wished for it.





MARY KEY

re-examined. Q. Did you know of the prisoner. coming into your master's service, possessed of brandy, and rum, and wine, and so on? A. No—I had a drop of brandy of him once—that gave me a suspicion, and when I saw the basket going away, I mentioned it.

Prisoner. The housemaid would say that she saw bottles in my pantry; I was with my last master four years; he died at Tunbridge, and after his

death my mistress was backwards and forwards to London; there was some wine and empty bottles left in the cellar at Tunbridge, and my mistress wrote me a note to dispose of the bottles, and bring the wine to London, which I did; she then told me to bring her a bottle of port and one of sherry, and I might do as I chose with the remainder; she went to France a week before Christmas.





JAMES BRADLEY
. I am an officer. I went to No. 68, Guilford-street—there is a brass-plate on the door with the name of Hunt on—it is a lodging-house—I asked if the prisoner had any boxes, or anything in the house—they said no—I tried all I could for the person to come down and was in the house a quarter of an hour—I sent four messages, but the lady would not see me—these are the bottles and the basket—they wen opened before the Lord Mayor.




GUILTY
. Aged 33.

MR. BARNARD. I received a four years' character of the prisoner, from No. 68, Guilford-street, from a Mrs. Thompson Smith, but I beliert it was a false one—I have had three gentlemen with me, who have all received characters of servants from that house, and they hare all turned out badly—the hamper I found in the prisoner's pantry contained tbwe bottles of moselle, and two bottles of brandy, which were sealed with a seal which I have here, seventeen bottles of porter, three of port, six of sherry, and some other.




Transported for Seven Years.

