




943. 




ALEXANDER MCCOY
 and 



CHARLES MCCOY
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
24th of March, 13 bottles, value 3s.; 1 gallon of ale, 4s.; and 6 pints of stout, 3s.; the goods of 



Arthur Rumsey, their master, and that Alexander McCoy had been before convicted of felony.






ARTHUR RUMSEY
. I am a wine-merchant, and live in Old Bond-street. Alexander M'Coy was in my employ for about a month or six weeks, and Charles, only on the day on which he was taken into custody. In consequence of some suspicion, 1 directed the police to watch my premises—I cannot swear to this hamper, but I can to the stout and ale it contains—the bottles have my name on them—the prisoners had no authority to remove them from my premises.

Alexander M'Coy. Q. Did you not give me authority to remove everything from your premises? A. You were to remove ale and stout from the cellar in Barlow-mews to the cellar in Bond-street.





ARTHUR GORE
 (police-constable D 199.) In consequence of information from Mr. Rumsey, I watched his wine-cellar in Barlow-mews, on the 22nd, 23rd, and 24th of March—on Monday, the 24th, about half-past twelve o'clock in the day, I saw Alexander M'Coy bring this hamper from the cellar, and place it convenient to the door—he hoisted it on the witness Coram's shoulder—I saw Charles M'Coy standing at the door, keeping it partly ajar, while Alexander was looking round—I followed Coram, and stopped him in Regent-street—he banded me this ticket—I took him to the station with this hamper—it contains seven bottles of ale and six of stout.

Alexander M'Coy. Q. Did you see me from a public-house window? A. Yes—Barlow-mews is near Bruton-street—it runs into Grosvenor-square—Regent-street would be in the way from Barlow-mews to Old Bond-street—Coram had crossed it.





THOMAS CORAM
. I am a jobbing-porter in Bruton-street, and have been there thirteen years, employed by different families. On Monday, the 24th of March, Alexander M'Coy engaged me to take this hamper to Marshall-street, Silver-street, Golden-square, to the first green-grocer's—I was to receive 6d. when I got there—I was going with it there, and was stopped by the policeman at the corner of Regent-street and New Burlington-street—the paper I gave him was given me by Charles M'Coy, at the time I had the hamper given me, to give to the person at the place.

Alexander M'Coy. Q. Did I give you the hamper? A. I cannot be sure which one it was—it was at the bottom of the stairs that it was put on my shoulder—I did not touch it till then—I was at the top of the Mews, talking to another porter, when you hired me—I asked you to lend me 1d.—I did not leave you at the top of the mews.


COURT. Q. Is Marshall-street in the way to Old Bond-street, from Barlow-mews? A. No, quite away from it.

Alexander M'Coy's Defence. I was employed to bottle, and move some stout and ale from Barlow-mews; on Saturday Mr. Ramsey ordered me to get a man to assist me, and I got my brother on Monday morning, and set him to washing bottles; I had authority to move everything out of thje place; and Mr. Rumsey particularly ordered me to keep the cellar clean; I had a hamper there with the sweepings of the cellar, and broken glass, as the ostlers in the mews would not allow me to throw it on the dung-heap; I had packed up several hampers; I asked this man to take this hamper away for me; he said he would; he went into tbepafclk-house, J believe, to speak to the policeman, came out again, and while I was at the top of the mews, he took this hamper; I met him at the top of the mews; his hat had fallen off; I put it on; he seemed very much confused; I did not notice it was not the right hamper, as I had lots of hampers, dowi there ready filled to be taken away; my brother knows nothing about it.

Charles M'Coy's Defence. I was washing bottles when Coram came and said, "Is this the hamper? I said, "I don't know;" he took it from under the straw, and went up stairs; my brother was not in the cellar at the time.

MR. RUMSEY
re-examined. Alexander had no authority to employ a porter.





JOHN COPUS
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of Alexander McCoy's former conviction—(read—Convicted 28th June, 7th Vict., by the name of 


Thomas Jones, of stealing 24 bottles of ale, confined One Month)—he is the person.

Prisoner. I plead guilty to that.

ALEX. MCCOY—


GUILTY
. Aged 33—


Transported for Seven Years.
CHARLES MCCOY—


NOT GUILTY
.
