



1128. 




GEORGE CHILDS, alias
 Giles,

 was indicted

for feloniously being at large without lawful cause within her Majesty's dominions, before the expiration of the period for which he had been ordered to be transported.






JAMES FRYER
. I am a policeman. From information I received, on 16th of March, I went to No. 14, Boston-street, Hackney, and found the prisoner sitting by the fire—I told him I was a police-constable, and bad come to apprehend him—I have a certificate of his former conviction.





JOHN CLARK, ESQ
. Clerk of the Court. This is my certificate—I hare possession of the record to which it refers.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you hold the official character mentioned? A. I do—this was before the establishment of the Central Criminal Court—I was Clerk of the Arraigns before the establishment of that Court.—(The certificate was here read, by which it appeared that the prisoner had been transported for the period of his natural life.)





JAMES FRYER

continued. He stated to me, coming along, that he had sooner be 50,000 miles back, he could do better there than here.

Cross-examined. Q. Had he not told you just before that he was not the person? A. Yes—I said nothing to him between the time of his saying that, and that he had sooner be 50,000 miles back—I am positive he used the word "back"—I did not make any memorandum of the conversation—I went to the place from information I had received—I do not know how long he bad been living there—my father gave me the information—where he got it from I do not know—he is not here.






HENRY JAMES PERRENCE
. I apprehended the prisoner on the 25th of December, 1838, for burglary—I was present at his trial—he is the person to whom that certificate applies.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to say you recollect the man distinctly? A. I do—he is very little altered—he is rather sunk in he cheeks to what he was—I am quite sure that he is the person—I cannot be mistaken about it.





THOMAS HENRY THOMPSON
. I am a policeman. I only speak to his being apprehended, and brought to the police-office.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know how long he has been living at this place? A. I do not—I beard of his being at home four or five months ago, but did not go after him.




GUILTY
. Aged 37.—



Confined Six Months, and then 


Transported for Life.
