




822. 




EDWARD JONES
 and 




EDWARD CRATE
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
15th of February, 60lbs. weight of lead, value 7s.; 1 metal cock, value 2s.; and 1 grate, value 6d.; the goods of 



Richard Howard; they being fixed to a certain building.






THOMAS WARRINGTON
. I live in Palmer's-gardens, Holloway. On the 15th of February, about nine o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoners, in the field adjoining the Manor-farm, about half a mile from Cornwall-place—I stopped them—they had two baskets, with lead in them—Jones said they had bought it—I called Partridge to my assistance—Jones then ran away, and Partridge after him—he was stopped—I held Crate, and gave him to a man who let him go—when I came back I found the baskets on the ground, with the lead in them—a policeman took charge of the prisoners.

Jones. I was going across the fields, and found the lead—the man stopped us, and I said we found it Witness. They told me they bought it.





JESSE PARTRIDGE
. I live in Cornwall-place. I went to Warrington's assistance—Crate was standing by the side of the baskets—Jones ran away, 1 ran after him—in crossing the fields I lost my shoes, but still followed, and brought him back—when I got back Crate was gone—when I took Jones he said he had found the lead, and begged and prayed of me to let him go.





EDWIN FULLAGER
. I am a builder, and live in Claremont-cottages, Cornwall-place. On the 13th of February I had some men at work in the next cottage to mine—I am engaged to repair these premises for Richard Howard—the leaden sink and pipe was perfect on the 13th, when they were locked up—on the 15th I went into the washhouse, and found the door broken open, and the lead which lined the sink, and the pipe which supplied the water, gone—I have compared the lead and pipe found in the prisoners' possession with the place, and am positive it is the same as was on the sink, and the brass tap also—the lead had been wrenched from the sink—the bolt was forced off the washhouse-door, and an inner door broken from the hinges.






LAWRENCE LEONARD
 (police-constable S. 25.) I took Jones, and received possession of some lead, some brass, and two baskets—Jones told me be had found it in a ditch adjoining Maiden-lane, which is close to where he was stopped, and about half a mile from Mr. Howard's premises—I compared some of the lead with the sink, and it corresponded exactly with a cut in the sink—two knives were found on the prisoners.





THOMAS PEACOCK
 (police-constable N 213.) I apprehended Crate in a shed, in the Caledonian brickfield—I told him I wanted him about the lead taken the previous day—he said he knew nothing about it, but afterwards said he was with Jones when they were stopped with the lead, and that they found it in a lane adjoining Camden-road—that is about a quarter of a mile from Maiden-lane.

Jones's Defence. I was crossing the fields to Highgate, and found the lead in the basket.

Crate's Defence. We found it in a ditch.

JONES*—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

CRATE*—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.




Transported for Seven Years.
