




1022. 




GEORGE MEREDITH
 and 




JAMES CLUNE
 were indicted for

 a robbery on 



Evan Morgan, and stealing from his person, and against his will, 1 yard of cotton, value 1s.: and the materials for making 2 coats, 2l.; his property; and immediately before, at the time of, and after the said robbery, beating, striking, and using personal violence to him.







EVAN MORGAN
. I am a tailor, and live in Oxford-market, Oxford-street—on Tuesday, the 7th of April, I was on my way home from Whitechapel, with the materials for two coats, wrapped in a black wrapper—about half-past six o'clock I had to turn up by a dead wall in the Kingsland-road, it being the nearest way—I saw two or three men standing at the corner of the wall—I went on, and the two prisoners followed me from the corner—they had ftntianr jackets on,—Meredith asked me if I would have a drop of beer—I said, "You are quite a stranger, I will have nothing to do with you; walk on"—they stood back, and in two or three minutes I received a violent blow on the back of my head—I believe it was struck by Meredith—I was senseless a few minutes—it knocked me down, and my bundle rolled into the gutter, and they ran away with it—Meredith ran away with it, I think, but they were both together—in about ten minutes a policeman came up—I went with him to the station, and gave a description of their persons and of the bundle—on the Thursday morning I saw them in custody at the station—I knew them—they are the very two men—the black wrapper which was round my bundle was found round Clune's neck—it has a private mark on it—I have not recovered my property—it was worth about 2l.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. The policeman showed a black wrapper to you, I suppose? A. He had it in his pocket, and showed it to me at Worship-street—it was taken off the man's neck on Thursday morning when he was apprehended—the private mark is a bit of white silk which one of my daughters had begun to hem upon it—I had not been drinking—I had been to Cook and Son's, in Whitechapel, not to a public-house—I described the mark on the wrapper to the constable before he took it off his neck—I had seen Clune before in passing that corner at times, but not to know his name.





ELIZABETH CLAXTON
. I am the wife of John Claxton, a bonnet-maker, in Kingsland-road. On Tuesday evening, the 7th of April, between six and seven o'clock, I was standing at my window, which is opposite the dead wall, and saw three men pass my window—after some time they all ran back past the window as fast as they could—the first one had a black bundle under his arm—I did not see which of them that was—they had nothing when they passed before—I think the prisoners are the persons, particularly Meredith—I went out and saw the prosecutor in the mud—I pointed out to him the way they had run.





WILLIAM EDWARD BALL
 (police-constable 165 N.) On Tuesday evening, the 7th of April, I was on duty in Kingsland-road, and saw the prisoners cross from Mansfield-street to Kingsland-road, with another man—that leads towards the dead wall—I saw the prosecutor about four minutes afterwards—his face was covered with blood—he appeared much exhausted, and complained of having been robbed—he described some persons, in consequence of which I went in pursuit of the prisoners, and next evening took Meredith in High-street, Kingsland—I told him I wanted him for stealing two coats—he said he knew nothing about it—we walked about 200 yards, and came to a beer-shop—he said, there, "I am not going to be settled without Clune; he is in the beer-shop"—I gave him to another policeman, went to the beer-shop, and took Clune—he said he knew nothing about the robbery—Smith was with me in the Kingsland-road—we were both in plain clothes.

Cross-examined. Q. When you saw them, had they a handle? A. No—they were not running—I saw them before the robbery—I do not know the other man—I should have taken Clune whether Meredith had said anything to me about him or not.

Prisoner Meredith. I said nothing about Clune: I never knew him in my life. Witness. I have seen them together before, frequently.





JOHN SMITH
 (police-constable 121 N.) I was with Ball in plain clothes, and saw the two prisoners and a third man nearly opposite the King's-road, which is near the wall in the Kingsland-road—they were crossing in a direction of King's-road—I saw the prosecutor about three minutes afterwards—he was bleeding—he complained of being robbed, and described the persons, and from his description I knew where to find them—I was with Ball when the prisoners were apprehended, and heard Meredith say he would not be settled without Clune—before they were locked up, I took a black handkerchief from Clune's neck—I gave it him back—he said nothing about it—next morning the prosecutor came to the station, and in consequence of his description, the wrapper was taken off Clune's neck again and shown to him—he claimed it—this is it (produced)—he described it as a wrapper about a

yard square, and a small piece of white cotton or silk (I do not know which he said) about two or three inches from the corner, which his daughter had commenced marking.





EVAN MORGAN

re-examined. This is my handkerchief—I have no doubt of it—I had seen my daughter put the mark on it—it is silk.





MR. BALL AN TIKE

called






ANN CLUNE
. I am a widow, and live in Kingsland-road. My son is a bricklayer, and lives at home with me—I remember the 7th of April, it was Tuesday, I think—he was at home at ten minutes after six o'clock on that day—I know the time because I have a clock—I think he worked somewhere in town that day—I do not know with whom—he remained at home till half-past five in the morning.

Transported for Ten Yean.


MEREDITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

CLUNE—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.





Transported for Ten Years.

