




268. 




WILLIAM ANDERSON
 and 




JAMES GREEN
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




John Aldous at 
Bermondsey, with intent to steal.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN ALDOUS
. I am landlord of the Valentine and Orson public-house, Long-lane, in the parish of Bermondsey. I have a cellar, the door of which is outside the premises—it is usually secured by four bolts inside. On the 26th of Nov., at ten o'clock at night, I saw that door bolted safe—I went to bed about a quarter before eleven—about two o'clock a constable's rattle awoke me—I got up, went to the door, went into the cellar, and found a board forced off the door from the outside, that would enable a person without to draw baek the bolts, and let themselves in—none of my property was stolen—getting into the cellar would enable the parties to get into the house—I afterwards went to the station, and saw the prisoners in custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where does the cellar-door open upon? A. Into the street—I am sure nobody opened the door in the course of business after I saw it safe—the piece of board that was broken was nailed on—that was the only protection the door had—I should think the door was about an inch thick—I have no partner.

COURT. Q. Did the board, before it was broken, form part of the door? A. Yes—I observed marks of an instrument on it.





THOMAS OCKFORD
 (police-constable M 277.) On the night of the 26th of Nov., a few minutes before two o'clock, I was near the prosecutor's house—I heard a rustling, like some person treading on coal, in a lane that runs down the side of the prosecutor's house—I went and found a piece of board about nine inches wide, had been wrenched off the prosecutor's cellar-door by some instrument—I looked down into the cellar, and perceived a faint light on the wall, and in a minute or two I heard footsteps faintly inside, and whispering—I went for assistance, and got police-constable M 51—on coming back to the cellar-door they had a light inside—I heard them whispering quite plainly, and called to them to come out several times—the light was suddenly extinguished, and the prisoner Green made a spring through the broken door, and tried to escape—I seized him—he struggled with me a great deal—he did not succeed in getting from me—I sprang my rattle—police-constable M 195 came up, and assisted to secure Green—while doing so he called to me that another man was coming from the cellar—Green was still struggling with us—I did not myself see Anderson come out of the cellar, but I took him as he was then rising off his feet from the pavement, about a yard from the cellar-door—we took them both to the station—I found some lucifer matches on Anderson.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite sure Green came out of the cellar? A. Quite—I had never seen him before—I will swear he was quite sober—I am quite certain I did not mistake him for another person who got away—he got out of the cellar—I did not go down into the cellar.





JAMES NINER
 (police-constable M 51.) I assisted Ockford in securing Green—he came to the door, and we secured him—he struggled, but never got away from me.


Cross-examined. Q. Did you see him come out of the cellar? A. Yes—the light was out before he came out—I never saw him before—we seized him exactly at the door, and he never escaped from our hold.





ROBERT WOODS
 (police-constable M 185.) I was on duty in Long-lane—my attention was called by a rattle to the prosecutor's premises—when I got there I saw Green struggling with Ockford and Niner—they at length secured him—in the struggle I saw Anderson in the act of coming out of the cellar—his head and shoulders were out—I said to Ockford, "Go back and secure him, and I will take the other to the station"—I did so—Ockford had hold of him—I saw enough of him to say he is the man.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you go into the cellar? A. After we came back—there were barrels of beer there, wine, and pipes leading up into the bar, and coals.





DANIEL HALEY
 (police-constable M 181.) I assisted my brother constables in securing the prisoners—I afterwards picked up this crow-bar (produced) close by the cellar-door outside—I compared it with some marks on the cellar-door—it corresponded exactly—in the cellar I found a piece of candle, which appeared to have been recently lighted.
(George Appleton, cab-proprietor, Hertford-road, Haggenton; George Kite, cab-proprietor, 3, Gloucester-street, Curtain-road; William Hobbs, shoemaker, 3, Hackney-road; and—Costello, tobacconist, 13, Kingsland-road, deposed to Green's good character.)

ANDERSON—


GUILTY
. † Aged 25.

GREEN—


GUILTY
. † Aged 30.





Transported for Ten Years.


Before Lord Chief Justice Denman.

