



1717. 




HENRY PRIDE



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



George Bradley, and stealing one bag, value 6d., his goods; and 2 pairs of boots, 1 pair of shoes, and 1 pair of slippers, value 3l. 6s.; the goods of 



John Bradley.







GEORGE BRADLEY
. I live at 111, Chancery-lane, in the parish of St. Dunstan; my son, John George, is a boot and shoemaker. On 28th Aug. I saw the place safe at night—I found it broken open, by a shutter under the window, soon after eight in the morning—I found a stud under the shutter, which I had seen the prisoner wear in the shop for six months—this bag is mine—I missed it that night.

Prisoner. Q. I was at work there nearly all the week? A. Yes, you were there that afternoon—the stud would not be likely to fall in the shop—you had to shut the shutters.





THOMAS QUARTERMAN
 (City-policeman, 361). On 30th Aug. I examined the premises 111, Chancery-lane—there is a small shutter under the window, large enough to admit a man—this shirt-stud was found outside—I compared it with one in the prisoner's shirt, and it corresponded exactly—the middle hole was vacant—I said, "Why you have lost a stud"—he said, "Yes, I have"—I said, "Is that yours?"—he said it was, and gave me his mother's address, Stephen-street, Tottenham-court-road—I went there—I afterwards went to a stable in Roe-street, Soho, and found these boots and shoes in a bag behind a truss of hay—the Alberts were not there—one boot has a spur on it, and the other spur was left in the shop.

Prisoner. Q. There were three holes in my shirt? Witness. I only saw one vacancy, but your waistcoat came up high.





JOHN GEORGE BRADLEY
. These are my boots.





ANN LEWIS
. I am a widow, of Crown-street, Soho; the prisoner lodged with me. On 28th Aug. he came in between eight and nine, and went to bed at nine—he asked to be called at two o'clock in the morning to go to Holloway—I asked the lodger to call him; he did not do so, and the prisoner did not come down till six—he said he would rather have given anything than not have been at Holloway—on Wednesday, 29th, he came in for refreshment, and left with James, saying," I do not think I shall be home tonight"—he did not return that night—at half-past five I went to open the shop, and saw him and James at the corner of Sutton-street—he looked

heavy, as if he had not been to bed—he had his breakfast, and left to go to the Serpentine—he returned with a bag, went up-stairs, came back, and went out at the side-door down Crown-street towards Roe-street—the bag was bulky.

Prisoner. Q. Could you say whether it was the bag or my black apron? A. It appeared like the bag does now with the boots in it.





JOHN JAMES
. I am a carman, of Mercer-street, Long-acre. My master has a stable in Roe-street, Soho—I know the prisoner—on 30th Aug., between eight and nine in the morning, I saw him as I was putting the horse and cart together—I did not see him go in or come out of the stable—I asked him if he was going to the shop—he said, "Yes"—I said he might as well come along with me—he got in, and I left him in St. Martin's-lane—the bag was afterwards found in the stable, under some hay.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see anything of my overcoat in the stable? A. No.





JOHN BARTLETT
. I live at 7, Roe-street, Soho, and am a carman. On 30th Aug., I saw the prisoner with a bag exactly like this, and something in it—he asked me if Bill (Mr. James's son) was in the stable—I said, "No"—he went in with the bag, and came out without it.





WILLIAM JAMES
. I am sixteen years old, and am the son of John James. On 29th Aug., between eight and nine o'clock at night, I was with the prisoner in Crown-street—he did not go into the stable then—he did about eleven or twelve—he slept on some hay in the stable—I went with him in the morning, with the intention of going to the Serpentine—in the mean time he went to his lodgings—I waited till he came out, and we walked down Crown-street—I said that was not the way to the Serpentine—he said it was, he knew the nearest way—when he got to the bottom, he said he was not going to the Serpentine—I saw him again between eight and nine, with something like this bag—I was busy with the harness, but saw him go into the stable—he said he was going to take it to St. John's Wood—he chucked it on the hay—my father locked the door, and locked the parcel in—before we started for the Serpentine, he said he was very hard up, he had got no money to pay his landlady.

Prisoner. Q. Is not my black apron like that bag? A. It is something similar in colour—you said you were going to the Hospital, and if you went to the Serpentine you would be too late.

Prisoners Defence. I never had the bag of boots; it was ray coat wrapped up in my apron; I should never have gone back to the shop if I had committed the robbery; I am merely suspected because the stud was picked up; it might have been kicked out; it was eleven o'clock at night when I came down; I had not had time, from the time I left, to go to Chancery-lane; James knows I slept in the stable all night.





WILLIAM JAMES

re-examined. I cannot say the time the prisoner came to the stable; it was very late; it might be eleven or twelve o'clock—I understood the reason was, that he had been to the Hampstead-road—he slept there till five in the morning—I left him about half-past five, and saw him again between eight and nine—Chancery-lane is five or ten minutes' walk from the stable.





JOSEPH LAMBERT
 (policeman, E 134). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction—(read—Convicted Oct., 1848, and confined four months) —I was present—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

