



356. 




MARY CASEY
 was indicted

 for feloniously and knowingly uttering a counterfeit shilling to 



Alice Lord, on the 
6th of December, she having been before convicted of uttering counterfeit coin.


MESSRS. ELLIS
and
ESPINASSE
conducted the Prosecution.





CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Mary Casey, with another woman, at this Court, in October Sessions, 1840—this I have examined with the original record, and it is a true copy—(read.)





BENJAMIN PRITCHARD
. I am a police-inspector. I have heard the record read—the prisoner is the person mentioned in it—I was present at her trial.

ALICE LORD. I am the wife of Charles Lord, who keeps the Salmon and Ball public-house, Bethnal-green. On Monday, the 6th of December, about half-past ten o'clock at night, the prisoner came to the bar for half-a-quartern of gin, which came to 2d. I served her, and she pushed the money along the counter to Jacobs, who came in with her—Jacobs put it on the counter, and I took it up—it was a shilling—I said, "This is a bad shilling," and said to the bar-maid, "Go and fetch your master"—as he came along the passage, a policeman was passing the door—he was called in, and my husband gave them in charge—I gave the shilling to the policeman—I showed it to my husband, but it was never out of my sight.

Prisoner. She showed it to some young gentlemen at the bar. Witness. There were two persons standing by the bar, but it was never out of my sight, and only in my husband's hand—one of the gentlemen did not bite it to my knowledge.






WILLIAM BUTLER
. I am a policeman. On the 6th of December, I was called into Mr. Lord's house, and took the prisoner into custody—I received a shilling from Mrs. Lord.





MARY ANN JACOBS
. I am a charwoman, and have known the prisoner two years—she has lived in my mother's neighbourhood—on the 6th of December, I met her by the Salmon and Ball public-house—she said, "Come and have a drop of beer"—I said, "No"—she gave the shilling into my hand at the bar, and I thought it was a good one—she asked for half-a-quartern of gin, which she drank—at first she had a quartern of rum, with good money—she got the change—she handed me this shilling before she had the gin—I put it on the counter—the policeman took it up, but not directly I put it down—I do not know whether it got into Mrs. Lord's hands—she called her husband—I think she had the shilling then—I did not give it to her—I put it on the counter—I saw Mrs. Lord take the shilling up.

MRS. LORD
re-examined. Some rum was bought about an hour before—they went away, and came again—the rum came to 4d. I gave her a sixpence and two pence change—I took the last shilling off the counter—Jacobs put it down—while I was drawing the gin, the prisoner passed it to her, after the gin had been called for.





THOMAS MIDGLEY
. I keep the Twelve Bells public-house, in Bride-lane. On the 27th of November, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, I served the prisoner with half-a-pint of beer—she offered me a bad shilling in payment—I told her it was a bad one, and asked where she got it—she said, "I got it of my husband, on the coach stand, near my house"—I asked her his name, that I might send for him—she said it was of no consequence—I told her I should give her an opportunity of stating who she was to the inspector—she then made a rush to get out, and I endeavoured to get her back into the house—she said, if I did not let her go, she would split my head open with a clog which she had in her hand—to prevent a crowd getting round the door, I let her go, followed her, and gave her in charge—I kept the shilling in my possession, and gave it to Sergeant Munday—I did not part with it at all.





GEORGE MUNDAY
. I am a City police-sergeant. I apprehended the prisoner on the 27th of November, and received a bad shilling from Midgley—she was discharged on the 4th of December.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Mint. These shillings are both counterfeit in all respects—they are not from the same die.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Baron Alderson.
