





1731. 




JAMES COLLINS
, 




JOHN JOYCE
, and 




DENNIS M'CARTHY
 were indicted for

 stealing, 1lb. weight of tobacco, value 4s. 3d.; and 1 jar, 1s.; the goods of 



William Edgecombe; and that they had been before convicted of felony.






MARY ANN EDGECOMBE
. I am the wife of William Edgecombe, and live in High-street, St. Giles. About twelve o'clock on Friday evening, the 7th of June, Collins came to my house for 1d. worth of tobacco—I weighed it, and as I was rolling it up in paper he snatched the jar from which I had

taken it, and ran out—I ran out, and saw Collins and five others running away—Joyce and M'Carthy were two of them—I had seen them many times before—I had a doubt about Collins at the police-office, but since then I have had reason to observe his eyes which are singular, and I am sure it was him.





CHARLES BROWN
 (police-constable F 128.) About twelve o'clock that night, I saw the three prisoners in company with four others close by this shop at the bottom of Denmark-street—Joyce had a cap in his hand which I believe was this cap, and it appeared to have something in it—there is a broken jar in it now, and some tobacco—I did not take the cap and jar from him.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. He was some distance from you? A. Five or six houses, and they all ran away directly.





JOHN JAMES ALLEN
 (police-constable E 159.) I was on duty at two the next morning, and received some information—I had seen the prisoners before the robbery with four or five other boys—I afterwards saw them in the Rookery with three others, and they tried to get away—I got another officer, and went round to the corner of Church-street, and there secured them at the corner of a passage—Joyce threw something down a passage—I picked it up, and found it was this tobacco, and a short distance off I found the broken jar and some more tobacco—within a few yards of that spot this cap was found on another person who is not here—the prisoners said they knew nothing about the tobacco.





MARY ANN EDGECOMBE

re-examined. This is precisely the same kind of tobacco I lost, and I can swear positively to the jar.

Collins's Defence. I was standing at the corner of Church-street, and a lot of boys came running down; I stood there, and five or six policemen came and took us.





WILLIAM CURRY
. I produce certificates of the former conviction of the three prisoners, which I got from the Clerk of the Peace for Surrey—(read)—they are the persons.

COLLINS—


GUILTY
.* Aged 14.

JOYCE—


GUILTY
.* Aged 12

M'CARTHY—


GUILTY
.* Aged 12.






Transported for Seven Years.

