



1698. 




WILLIAM WADELAKE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
17th of March, 1 gelding, price 4l., the property of 



William Davis; and that he had been before convicted of felony.

WILLIAM DAVIS. I am a cab proprietor, living in Plough-yard, Carey-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields. On the 15th of March the prisoner hired a cab and grey gelding worth 4l. of me for the night—it was a cab night horse—we let them out at so much per night—he paid me for it before he took it out—he brought it home the next morning—he then paid me 4s. 6d. towards the next night—he took the hone out next night, and never returned with it or the cab—I found the cab at the green-yard on the 18th, and the horse at Mr. Gedding's, the horse-slaughterer's—the horse was kept out all day, and turned into the pound for two days without any corn.

Prisoner. I hired the horse and cab of Mr. Davis for 5s. a night—I paid him 4s. 6d., and with the other 6d. I bought a nose-bag of him—he cannot swear I took the horse out on the 17th. Witness. He paid me the money for the horse in the morning, and when I came home in the evening the "d and horse were gone—he never called to ask for his money or license, without which he could not get employment in the line elsewhere.





THOMAS MOORE
. I am in the employ of Mr. Geddings, ahorse-sl terer. Between ten and eleven o'clock on the morning of the 17th of March I met the prisoner by the Cobourg Theatre, with the horse—he asked me 30s. for it—it was not in the cab—he brought it to our premises—the prosecutor owned it on the 18th—I told him he had better take it—he paid 27s. for it—the horse has died since—it was very poor.





THOMAS LANGTON
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner—I was in plain clothes—I called him out of the Southampton Arms, and told him I wanted him for Mr. Davis's horse—he said, "It is no use keeping it in'; you are a police-constable, I suppose?"—I said I was—I said, "You stole a horse from Mr. Davis, did you not?"—he said, "I sold the horse to Mr. Geddings, the horse-slaughterer."

Prisoner's Defence. I have sold horses to Mr. Geddings for ten years; I did not know this was Mr. Davis's horse; I told him I was sent to sell

the horse, and I might have sold a horse belonging to Mr. Davis; I did not know it was his at the time I was selling it.





GEORGE HIDE
. I am a City police-constable. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Tears.
