



1177. 



THOMAS OLIVER
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Richard Chrimes, and stealing therein 1 jug, value 30s.; 1 pair of trowsers, 17s.; 1 coat, 2l. 10s.; 14 keys, 4s. 6d.: 1 steel ring, 6d.; 1 pocket-book, 1s. 6d.; and 2 5l. Bank notes, the property of the said Richard Chrimes.







RICHARD CHRIMES
. I live at No. 7, Canterbury-place, in the parish of St. Mary, Newington. On the 12th of April, about half-past five o'clock, I left my house to attend chapel, and returned about half-past eight o'clock—when I got within 100 yards of my house I heard a cry of "Stop thief!" and found a number of individuals gathered round my door—I learnt the thief had come out of my house—I went backwards, and the policeman had got the prisoner in charge—I went back to my house—Mr. Roberts and the policeman went in with me—I found a pair of trowsers and a cream-jug down stairs, which had been brought from up stairs—on proceeding up stairs I found a top coat on the landing—a chest of drawers in the back room first floor had been opened—I had left the top drawer locked—I had two 5l. notes, a pocket-book, a cream-jug, and a bunch of keys in it—it was broken open—I afterwards saw a 5l. note produced by the witness, and recognized it as one I had lost—my name is upon it—it was taken from that drawer—I saw my pocket. book also—I had received the 5l. notes through the post, and had joined them—I had left all the articles safe in the house when I went out, and found every one of them removed from their place when I returned.





HENRY PULLEN ROBERTS
. I am clerk to a chronometer-maker, and live at No. 48, Rathbone-place. On the 12th of April I was at my mother's house, No. 1, Canterbury-place—I heard an alarm, went out and saw twomen by the house, No. 7, Canterbury-place—I looked out for a constable, as I heard a whistle, which was repeated several times—I went up and knocked at the door, and heard something moving inside—I repeated the knock, and the door was opened, and the prisoner and another man came out—I inquired if the gentleman of the house was at home—the answer was, "No"—I said, "What do you do here?"—they made a rush past me and ran off—I followed, I crying, "Stop thief!"—they both ran in the same direction from Canterbury-place—the prisoner turned into Manor-place, and the other into Penton place—the prisoner was secured.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Your attention had not been called to the house till you saw some persons watching the house as you thought? A. No—whoever came out of the house must have been in the house at that time.





WILLIAM READ
. I live at the dairy in the Walworth-road. On the 12th of April I was in Canterbury-place—Mr. Roberts asked me to attend him—he went to this house, rapped at the door, and two men came out—the pri-soner was the first—he spoke to him, but I am deaf, and did not interfere till I saw him start off—I then rushed after them, calling, "Stop thief!"—the prisoner was taken.





WILLIAM CURTIS
 (policeman.) On the 12th of April, about a quarter before nine o'clock, I was on duty in Manor-place—I heard a cry of, "Stop thief!" and saw the prisoner running as fast as he could—four or five person were following him, crying, "Stop thief!"—the prisoner called, "Stop thief!" as well, and pointed out with his arms, saying, "That is he—that is he"—but I could see nobody running—when I stopped him he struck me under the ear with an instrument which he had in his hand—the blow turned me quite round—he flung the instrument away—a gentleman laid hold of him—I then seized him, and he dropped a pocket-book, which a girl took up in my presence—I took the prisoner to the station—Roberts came up and said he saw him come out of the house, and had followed him till I stopped him—I searched him at the station, and found a bunch of keys upon him—a crowbar was brought to the station—I found a pair of trowsers and a cream-jug in the house—I noticed a drawer up stairs open, and two marks upon the drawer, which corresponded with each end of the crowbar.





MARK WILLIAM GREEN
 (police-constable L 96.) I was at the station

when the prisoner was brought in—after Curtis searched him I examined the great coat which he wore, and found this 5l. note in the pocket.





THOMAS WILLIAM CARTER
. I am inspector of the L division of police. I was at the station when the prisoner was brought there—in consequence of an intimation that another 5l. note was missing I went in the track the prisoner was represented to have taken, and in Manor-place, in the road, I found a 5l. note in two pieces in a piece of paper, with part of a postage-stamp' upon one of the halves, and a similar piece of paper connected the 5l. note found in his pocket.





RICHARD CHRIMES

re-examined. I find my name upon one of these notes—it is joined as I joined mine—the other appears to have been joined the same way—the pocket-book I know to be mine.

Cross-examined. Q. When you went out of your house did you leave anybody in it? A. No, I closed it after me—I tried the door—I am quite certain it was fast—I always try it—it is not very possible or likely I should forget it—I have no doubt I left it fast—unless I pulled it to it would have been ajar, and I have shown it was open.

Q. Have you ever, when you pulled it to, found it not fast? A. Yes, which cautioned me always to try it—I have no particular recollection of trying it upon this occasion, but it has been my habit of doing so regularly—a common door-key would open it.




GUILTY.
of stealing in the dwelling-house, but not breaking and entering
—



Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Recorder.

