




2043. 




JOHN EDMONDS

was again indicted

 for stealing 2 looking-glasses and frames, value 6l. 16s.; the goods of 



William Greening
; and 



RALPH HARRISON


for feloniously receiving the same.


MR. HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM GREENING.
 I am a looking-glass manufacturer, and live in Coleman-street. On Friday, the 27th of Aug., about half-post ten o'clock in the morning, the prisoner Edmonds came to me and selected a chimney-glass and a mirror, for Ralph Harrison and Co., shipping-merchants, Finsbury-chambers, Blomfield-street, and said if I brought them down as soon as I could, I was to have a check for them—I took them down about half-past one o'clock, and saw Edmonds—he asked me to fix them up—when they were fixed I asked him for my money, and gave him the bill—he said Mr. Harrison would be in directly, and I should have a check—I waited about twenty minutes, he had not come—Edmonds told me, to save me trouble, he would send the check up before four o'clock—I went again at a quarter before three o'clock and saw Edmonds—he was taunting me all the time, and saying, "Were you afraid of your money?"—I went to take my glasses if I could not get the money—I took my tools in my pocket to get them away—Edmonds said they always gave Mr. Harrison half an hour's grace when he was down at the docks; he was tasting the wines—I did not go away till half-past five o'clock, they wanted to lock up the place, I could not stop any longer—I was to come again at half-past ten o'clock on Saturday morning—on the Saturday morning, at a quarter before ten, Harrison came to me, and said he was perfectly satisfied with the fitting-up of his counting-house, with the glasses I had put up, and if I could let them be where they were till the Monday, I should have the money by three o'clock—I went there at half-past ten o'clock on Monday morning with a policeman—I had let the glasses be at the place in consequences of what these men had said to me—supposing Harrison had not paid me on the Monday, I should have taken them away, but they

were sold on the Saturday—I had my tools in my pocket—I value them at 6l. 16s.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. Edmonds said he wanted the glasses for Mr. Harrison, to fit up his private counting-house? A. Yes—he selected a pier-glass and a mirror—he did not say that day that the pressure of business was such that if I would come directly I should have a check—he might say the pressure of business was such, and he gave me this card—Edmonds told me where to fix them—Harrison was not there—he called Hobert in to see them—I made out a bill and left it there—Edmonds wished me to come at half-past ten o'clock the next morning—he said I should be sure to have my money—I was not allowed to go into the counting-house on Saturday.





ANTHONY CARROLL.
 I live in East-street, Finsbury. On Friday, the 27th of Aug., from twelve to three o'clock, Edmonds came to my place and said he had some glasses to sell, at Mr. Harrison's, at No. 3, Finsbury-chambers—I went there with him—I did not see Mr. Harrison—I saw two men in the counting-house—I could not tell who they were—3l. was asked for the glasses—I bid 55s. for them—they would not take that—on the Saturday, Harrison came to my house, and two other men with him—he asked me if I would give him the other 5s. for the glasses—I said, I did not mind giving the 3l. which he asked me—he told me to go at five o'clock in the afternoon—I went—Harrison was there, and two other persons with him, but not Edmond's—I had the glasses home—Harrison came to my house, and received 2l. 15s.—on the following Monday he came again for the odd 5s.—he get 3s. of it—I said "That left 2s."—he said he did not mind about the difference.





THOMAS PHILIPS
 (City policeman, 128.) I took the prisoners into custody—they were together—I searched them, and found 6d. and a penknife on Harrison, and on Edmonds a half-sovereign, six shillings in silver, seven duplicates, and some other papers—at the station, Harrison said the glasses were not sold, but were left for wages for two servants, and if the inspector would allow him he would take me where they were to be found.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you find them? A. No, my brother constable did—they received information, and went to Mr. Carroll.





JOHN MARK BULL
 (City policeman,151.) In consequence of the statemen Carroll made at the Justice-room, I went to Carroll's, and got this large glass—I afterwards went to Brewer's Hall, and got the other.





WILLIAM GREENING
 (re-examined.) These are my glasses.

EDMONDS—


GUILTY. Aged 23.

HARRISON—


GUILTY. Aged 30.





Transported for Seven Years.

