



2605. 




JOSEPH CANNON
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Price, about two o'clock in the night of the 
17th of September, at 
St. Botolph-Without, Aldgate, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 shift, value 1s.; 1 shirt, value 2s.; and 1 blind, value 1s.; the goods of 



Lewis Williams.






LEWIS WILLIAMS
. I am a labourer at St. Katharine's-dock, and lodge in Little George-street, Minories. I went out at twelve o'clock at night, to night-duty at the Docks, on the 17th of September, and on returning, at half-past two in the morning, I found the door of the house ajar—I had left it quite fast, so that it could not be opened without a latch-key, and as I went up stairs I heard a noise—I knocked at my own room door—my wife let me in—I went into another room, hearing the noise, and saw the prisoner standing in the middle of the room, dressed all but his shoes—I asked who he was, and what business he had there—he said he did not know how he came there—I gave an alarm—the landlord fetched a policeman, who took him—I examined the room, and found a bag, containing a shirt and a shift belonging to my little girl, and a window-blind of mine—the articles now produced are them, and are mine—they had been in the same room before, but loose, not in the bag—the door had been locked witn a latch-key.






ROBERT SUTTON
. I am a policeman. I was called, and found the landlady and the prisoner there, and these things were in a bag in the middle of the room.





MARY ANN PRICE
. I am the wife of William Price, who rents this house, which is in the parish of St. Botolph. The street door goes with a spring, and closes of itself, and, cannot be opened without a square key—I was awoke before Williams came to the door, and saw the shadow of a light going by at half-past two o'clock—Williams alarmed me, and I found the prisoner in the room.

Prisoner's Defence. I had not the least intention of taking any thing, or I should have gone off before; I had been asleep in the room for three-quaiters of an hour.





LEWIS WILLIAMS
. He pretended to be drunk, but in my opinion he was quite sober.





ROBERT SUTTON

re-examined. He was quite sober.




GUILTY
. Aged 38.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Justice Wightman.

