



1200. 




JOHN TURNER FLINN
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging and uttering a certain document relating to the payment of, and the obtaining of, certain prize money, due on account of military service performed by one 



George Langly, with intent to defraud the 

Lords Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital:—Other COUNT, varying, the manner of stating the charge.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






RICHARD BELLAMY
. I am senior clerk in the Prize Department at Chelsea Hospital, and have been so more than twenty-three years. I have the prize-list referring to the capture of Buenos Ayes—there are the sums of 110l. 9s. 2d., 43l. 5s. 11 1/2 d., and 20l. 1s. 1/2 d., returned as being due to George Langly—there were three distributions of shares—they are returned as due to Sergeant Langly, of the St. Helena Infantry, in respect to the capture of Buenos Ayres in 1806—these shares remained unpaid until August 1835, and unclaimed until a short period before that—up to August, 1835, the money was in the hands of the Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital—it had been paid into the hospital—the first payment was in 1809, the second in 1810, and the third in April, 1813—by the act of parliament regulating the hospital, prize-money is forfeited, if not claimed within six years of the time of its being paid into the hospital; it is the custom, however, of the Commissioners to pay the amount to the parties, or their representatives, if they give reasonable excuse for the delay—in April, 1835 this petition was received at the hospital.
(The petition was here read, dated Nantes, April 1, 1835, signed "George Langly," directed to the Honourable Governors of Chelsea Hospital, and stating, that George Langly, late sergeant of the St. Helena, Artillery, had, in 1817, while at Plymouth, given to Mr. Johnson an assignment to receive his prize-money for the capture of Buenos Ayres in July, 1806, under General Whitelock; that shortly after granting the assignment, he, the said George Langly, proceeded to America, had since become naturalized, and was unable to investigate the proceedings of Johnson; that he had frequently written to him, without receiving any reply; that in 1828 or 1829 he authorized hit brother to make inquiries about hit prize-money, who, upon his application at Chelsea Hospital, was informed that Johnson was dead; that application had been made at the East India House, when it was found that the prize-money had been paid into Chelsea Hospital; and the petitioner hoped he might be allowed to receive the amount before he returned to America, and requested commands to be forwarded to the petitioner to the care of Monsieur L'Feuvre, French Consul, at Southampton.)






RICHARD BELLAMY

continued. This certificate accompanied the petition—an answer to this was sent on the 7th of April, 1835, stating that no prize-money had been paid into the Hospital for the capture of Buenos Ayres, under General Whitelocke—there bad been no prize-money due to any body, with respect to the expedition under General White lock—the answer was addressed to "Sergeant George Langly, United States Service, Nantes, care of Mr. L'Feuvre, French Consul, Southampton."—This petition, dated Nantes, 21st May, 1835, came to the Hospital afterwards.—(This petition was the same in substance as the former one, but describing the petitioner, George Langly, at a sergeant of the St. Helena Infantry instead of Artillery.)—An answer to the second petition, of which this is a copy, was sent on the 12th of June, 1835—(This being read, stated, that prize-money, amounting to 177l. 16s. 11d., had been forfeited to the Hospital, in 1819, in consequence of not being claimed within the period allotted by Act of Parliament; but in consequence of the circumstances stated in the petition, the forfeiture was remitted; and an order enclosed for the petitioner to execute in favour of any body he might appoint to receive it.)

Witness. The order enclosed was sent in blank—this second communication was also addressed to the care of Mr. L'Feuvre, Southampton—at that time the letters that went out from the Hospital were always franked—I was in attendance at the Hospital when this order, filled up as it is now, was presented for payment—it was paid on the 24th of August—I do not know of its being presented before—I do not recollect its being presented on the 20th—it was presented by Mr. Theleure on the 24th, and the amount was paid to him by a cheque of the deputy-treasurer on the Bank of England—I have seen Mr. Theleure since, and believe him to be the person—I have known the prisoner several years—he has come several times for prize-money, and was acquainted with the mode of proceeding in such cases.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. You had known him, I suppose, as a lieutenant in the navy? A. I knew him as coming to the office on official business, as Lieutenant Flinn—he was called Sir John Flinn, shortly after the trial of Queen Caroline—I do not know whether he was attached to her household—I do not know whether he has been a great many years in the navy—I only know it from the Navy List—I never knew an instance of officers acting as prize-agents, except in the army prize-money—I am not aware of officers, both in the army and navy, acting as prize agents—there is no restriction, that I am aware of—I do not know that he took out a licence as a prize-agent—we did not make any inquiry after we received the first petition, because no money could possibly be paid on it, as Langley was described to be in the Artillery—I only know, from the returns in our office, that there was such a regiment as the St. Helena Artillery—my suspicion was not excited when the second petition arrived, stating he was in the Infantry—there was nothing in the second petition alluding to the first, and the first did not pass through my hands—

I knew nothing of it—I have not inquired at the Admiralty, or any other public office, about George Langly—I do not know that inquiries have been made—when a person writes, claiming prize-money, we generally send a printed form for them to identify themselves.

COURT. Q. Do not you inquire whether there is such a person as the man who asks you for 170l. odd? A. At that time it was not usual.

MR. JONES. Q. When you receive a letter, do you pay the money? A. We send a printed form to be filled up, and when we receive that, the money is paid—that has been the practice of the office for some years—we had a clerk named Holgate in the office—he is not a clerk now—there has been a reduction in the number of clerks, which was the only reason of his leaving—he left in March, 1837—we often have application made by prize-agents and other parties, on the subject of prize-money.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Was Holgate discharged previous to any discovery of the present transaction? A. Yes—this is the receipt Mr. Theleure gave for the money when paid.
(Read)—"177l. 16s. 11d. At seven days' sight; pay to Monsieur E. A. Theleure, or order, the amount of share of prize or bounty-money due to me, in respect of my service as Sergeant of the St. Helena Infantry, at the capture of Buenos Ayres, in June, 1806.—GEORGE LANGLY."—At the foot of the above was a certificate, signed "Jacques, Minister, and Doria, elder, dated 16th July, 1835," stating that they had examined the said George Langly, and from documents produced, and answers given by him, they believed he was serving in the above regiment at the time of the capture, and was discharged, on or about the 30th of November, 1814, and that be now resided at Nantes.





HENRY SAMUEL DALLER
. I am a clerk in the paymaster-general's office. All orders for prize-money from Chelsea-hospital are paid at the paymaster's office—in 1835 I was a clerk in the prize department at Chelsea Hospital—I remember this order being brought to the office for payment—it was first brought, I think, on the 24th of August, by Mr. Theleure—I do not recollect whether it was brought before the day it was paid.





GEORGE ROWLAND HOLGATE
. I was a clerk in the prize-office at Chelsea Hospital in April, 1835—I continued there till the beginning of 1837, when there was a reduction of clerks, and I was put on a superannuation allowance—it was my duty to answer the applications of persons for prize-money, and for that purpose I had access to the prize lists, which would show the regiments, and the persons belonging to them entitled to receive prize-money which was not already received—the prisoner was in the habit of coming to the Hospital in 1835, and before that—he had the opportunity of acquiring a knowledge of the mode in which business was done—I know Beresford Eaton, he has been a navy agent—I had seen Mr. Flinn repeatedly as an applicant for prize-money, and I was introduced to him by Mr. Eaton more intimately—I entered into an arrangement with Mr. Eaton and Lieutenant Flinn about information to be given by me with respect to prize-money—the agreement in the first instance was to furnish the names of some soldiers entitled to Diamante prize-money—Diamante is on the coast of Calabria—I was to receive two and a half per cent. for the information I furnished in that case—it was merely for giving information, whether they got any thing or not—after that I saw the prisoner more frequently—there was afterwards an arrangement

made between Mr. Eaton and myself, on the subject of information as to the names of officers who were entitled to prize-money—that occasionally included non-commissioned officers—it was about persons entitled to prize-money of right, and also which had been forfeited by the lapse of time—I was to have five per cent. for that—I received a per-centage from Mr. Flinn himself on one occasion—I have frequently received a percentage from Mr. Eaton—among other names which I furnished to Mr. Eaton, I gave him the same of George Langly, a sergeant in the St. Helena infantry, and also the amount of prize-money he was-entitled to.

Q. Was there, at the time you furnished the information, any document in the office to which you belonged, by which you knew that Langley was dead? A. There was occasionally in the prize lists a mark, but I do not recollect distinctly whether there was a mark against Langly's name in the prize-list or not—I was to have a per-centage for the information I furnished respecting Langly, if the money was received—the five per-cent was only in case of the receipt of the money—I saw the prisoner at Mr. Eaton's shortly before the money was received—he asked me if application had been made for the St. Helena sergeant's money—I told him I did not think it had—he told me to look out, for if application had not been already made, it would shortly be made—I remember paying that money at the hospital—I took the receipt for the money, and gave a cheque for the amount—I saw Mr. Theleure—I cannot say whether he is the person to whom it was paid, it is so long since—I saw the prisoner again shortly after the payment of the money—I mentioned the circumstance of the money being paid, expecting a commission—I mentioned it first to Mr. Eaton, and afterwards to Mr. Flinn, at Mr. Eaton's house—he asked to whom the money was paid—in consequence of some inquiry made by Mr. Eaton or Mr. Flinn, I examined the book, to see who it was paid to—I found it out by means of a card, I believe—I told Mr. Flinn it was paid to a man named Theleure—he said he knew nothing about it—I have teen the prisoner write frequently, and think the receipt endorsed on this paper is his hand-writing.

Cross-examined. Q. How long were you in the office at the Hospital? A. I went in 1821, and left in 1837—it was Mr. Eaton who first applied to me for information respecting prize-money—the first proposal was made about the Diamante prize-money—the first offer made to me was 5l.—I declined that, and said I would do it at a per-centage—Mr. Eaton made that offer for the information respecting the Diamante prize-money—Mr. Eaton frequently paid me a per-centage—I should think I have received from Mr. Eaton 500l. or 600l. altogether—my salary as clerk was 110l. a year at first, and then 120l.—I had no undertaking with any prize agent but Mr. Eaton for giving information, I swear that—I have taken this per-centage for the last five or six years that I was in the office—I never received any money from any agent except Mr. Eaton.

Q. I presume it is quite in accordance with the rules of the office that clerks were allowed to give information, and receive a per-centage? A. No, it is contradictory to the rules of the office—none of the other clerks knew of that arrangement of mine, to my knowledge—I did not tell them of it—I did not receive any letter about Langly, nor did I see it—I was not aware the application had been made until the money was demanded—I had nothing to do with the corresponding department—I did not refer to any book to ascertain whether the man was dead before I paid the money

—I will swear it—it is possible, if there was a mark of "dead" against that name on the list, I might have put that mark, but I certainly never referred—I took the name from a book before the money was paid, and entered it in a private memorandum-book of my own—I do not know whether the mark of "dead"—was against it then—(looking at the original book)—there is no mark against that same—this is the book I copied the memorandum from—I do not think any body was present but Mr. Eaton, Mr. Flinn, and myself, when he asked me about the sergeant's prize-money—I have never received any per-centage on that money—I did not ask Mr. Eaton for it—I mentioned the circumstance to him when the money was paid, and he said he had not received it—I then mentioned it to Mr. Flinn, and he said he knew nothing about it—I should think it is eight or nine months back that I was first applied to for information as to this, it is since I have left the office—I think I then told all I knew, as I have to-day—I told it shortly afterwards—MR. Bicknell, the solicitor, applied to me—I wrote to him, and gave him the information—I first saw him personally, and told him I had abstracted some names, and into whose hands I placed them—I think I mentioned Lieut. Flinn's name in my letter to Mr. Bicknell, but not in my first interview, nor Mr. Eaton's—there was a suspicion against me—I do not think I have been threatened with a prosecution in respect to this transaction—there were several cases of this sort—whether this is one of which they entertained suspicion against me I do not know.

Q. Have you been generally threatened with a prosecution on account of the part you took in these transactions? A. Why, yes, perhaps—I believe I have, but I did not understand you distinctly—I know I have acted in breach of my duty, contrary to Act of Parliament, and believe it is in the power of the Hospital to punish me—I believe I have not been threatened that I should be prosecuted and punished—there has never been a distinct threat made to me—I do not think Mr. Bicknell has ever said any thing distinctly to me about prosecuting me for it—he has certainly told me what he could do, but never told me, "I will do it," that I recollect—he has told me I am liable to be punished—I told Mr. Bicknell that I had received 500l. or 600l. for per-centage—he is perfectly acquainted with that—he has seen it from my own memorandum, and I have admitted it—Mr. Bicknell has my private memorandums—I did not give them to him—they were taken from me—my house was searched, I think, last May or June, the same day that Mr. Bicknell saw me, I think—I was not at home at the time—it was after that that I wrote to Mr. Bicknell on the subject—I wrote to him shortly after giving him an account of the transaction, it was not so full an account as I afterwards gave him—I think in December I gave him the fullest account—that referred to a great number of other cases—he urged me to tell him all I knew.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. I believe you were in confinement for debt at the time the discovery was first made? A. Yes—I wrote a letter to my wife, desiring her to deliver up my papers—they contained a detailed account of the per-centage I had received—I believe it is the custom of the Navy agents to hunt up the relatives of deceased persons, and assist them to receive the money, that they may have the commission—I had not the least conception of any fraud or forgery contemplated by this, or I would not have done it.

COURT. Q. Did you furnish the names of persons dead as well as not dead? A. Yes—I furnished the names indiscriminately whether they

were alive or dead—I generally communicated the fact of their being marked as dead, because in discovering the representatives it would facilitate the investigation to find the relatives.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. At the time you made any communication to Mr. Bicknell, and when you were aware you had been guilty of a breach of duty in your office, were you at all aware that this case of Langley's had been discovered as a forgery? A. No, I was not.

MR. JONES. Q. Did you give any information to a Mr. Baker? A. The information was given to Mr. Eaton, and he gave it to Baker—it was by my acquiescence—I communicated the information to Eaton for him to communicate it to Baker.





BERESFORD EYTON
. I was formerly a navy-agent in London. I have known the prisoner for upwards of twenty years—I knew him to be engaged in forwarding the applications of persons for prize-money to Chelsea Hospital—I recollect his doing so with reference to the Diamante prize-money—I know Mr. Holgate—he, Mr. Flinn, and myself, were in the habit of meeting together on the subject of prize-money—a verbal arrangement was come to with respect to information given—the prisoner was to allow us ten per cent. on any claims where he was the means of discovering the representative, or the parties themselves—the ten per cent. was to be equally divided between Holgate and myself—I was to give him the names—I had the name of George Langly, of the St. Helena regiment, from Mr. Holgate—I entered in a book the claims which were promoted between us, and the amounts due to the parties—I was told by Mr. Holgate that the money due to Langly had been paid by the hospital—I cannot tell the time—it was immediately after it was paid—he requested me to apply to the prisoner for the per-centage, which I did—he said he had nothing to do with it, or something to that effect, and the matter dropped—I did not speak to him about it further to my knowledge—he did not pay me the ten per cent.—in 1835, I believe, the prisoner was residing at St. Servan in France—I had letters from him there—he told me he had a house there—a young person named Jane Maria Faulkner was living there—she was not particularly under my care—I was executor to her grandmother—the prisoner applied to me to recommend him a nurse-maid, and I recommended her—I received letters from her while she lived in the prisoner's family—she is now married—her name is Gee—I believe she is alive—I have not seen her lately—I am acquainted with her handwriting—(looking at the two petitions)—I believe these to be her handwriting—I do not allude to the enclosures—I have no doubt of both of her them—I believe this part of the order written in the margin to be writing—I am not so positive as to "Monsieur Theleure," but I think there is a great similarity—I believe it to be hers—I do not personally know Messrs. Johnson, navy-agents of Plymouth—I know there is such a concern—I have no knowledge of their being concerned with the prisoner in business transactions—he is frequently in London—I do not know which way he came—I know he went by Jersey to St. Malo.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you still a navy-agent? A. No—I am sorry to say I have been unfortunate—I was a bankrupt two years ago—I have known Holgate about seven years—I had no transactions with him except in prize-money—I believe he left the hospital in 1837—I had had transactions with him in prize-money I should think for four years before that—I frequently paid him a per-centage.


Q. Did you know whether that was consistent with the rules of the office or against them? A. I do not know how to answer that question—I believe it was not publicly allowed to be done—it is against the regulations of the office to give the names, or any information—I knew he ought not to give the names—I have paid him, I should think, between four and five hundred pounds—sometimes I paid him two and a half percent., and sometimes five, never more—the per-centage depended on the recent capture—I have had communications with him since he left the hospital—I have kept up my acquaintance with him—I have not visited him since he left the hospital—we have not been private friends within the last six months—up to that time we have been acquainted—Mr. Bicknell first applied to me for information on this subject in November last, when I was summoned to Bow-street—I did not give all the information I possessed at once—Holgate was present at the time I was at Bow-street—I was examined as a witness—I have been with Mr. Bicknell several times—I have not been in communication with Holgate on the subject until to-day—we have talked on various subjects to-day, and not at all since November till to-day—I went to see him five or six times when he was in prison for debt—he mentioned at one time that there was a charge against him about the prize-money—he did not tell me he was afraid of being prosecuted—he told me he was suspected of being the party—that was shortly before he left prison—I went and saw him after he told me that—I saw him half-a-dozen times altogether—how often I went after that I cannot tell—he wrote to me saying he wanted to see me—it was not on this case at all—it was on the subject of the supposed frauds or forgeries, or whatever they are—I went to him—he told me he was suspected of being the party committing the fraud—I called to see him as a friend—the last time I saw Mrs. Gee was three or four years ago—the last letters from her are in 1836 or 1837—I do not know where she is living now—I have heard she is at Southampton, but I do not know it—I know the prisoner has been in the navy about thirty-seven years—I believe he entered in 1804—I know he has been in a good many engagements—he had the reputation of being a brave and gallant officer—I knew him in the service of Queen Caroline—I do not know of his being engaged by the government in confidential missions—I know he was agent to Count Ludolph for a considerable time in obtaining foreign prize-money—he had a license as prize-agent in this country.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Do you know whether he had a license in 1835? A. The license was granted in 1831 and expired in 1834—he had none in 1835—at the time I saw Holgate in prison I was not at all aware that any discovery had been made of this case of Langly—the letters I received from Mrs. Gee went with the rest of my papers into the hands of the official assignee under my estate—my attention was called to these letters yesterday, and I was afterwards shown these documents, which I believe to be her hand-writing—that was the first time I had seen them—(looking at a letter)—this is the last letter I received from Mrs. Gee—this is not from her, but her writing is on it—the body of the letter is the handwriting of the prisoner—it came by private hand—I received it in 1836.





JOHN BIRD
. I have been a clerk in the War-office.

Cross-examined. Q. How many years have you known Lieutenant Flinn? A. Fifteen or sixteen years, up to the present time—he lodged in my house in March twelvemonth from the beginning of 1838—he has always borne the character of a respectable honourable man to my knowledge and belief.






EDWARD ALLCOCK THELEURE
. I am a dancing-matter. My father and mother's name it Taylor, but for the purposes of my profession I have taken the name of Theleure—I have known the prisoner since 1832—I became acquainted with him by giving him lessons in dancing—I continued acquainted with him up to 1835—I left, this country to go to St. Germain's some time after 1835—I resided there when I received a communication from Chelsea Hospital—I gave an answer to the inquiry, and have come over to this country to substantiate it—in 1835 I lived at No. 46, Great Marlborough-street—it was there the prisoner occasionally took lessons of me—I was in the habit of seeing him in June, July, and August that year—he was then living at No. 14, Great Charlotte-street, Blackfriars-road—at that time he told me he was in the habit of going to and from the continent—he told me he lived at St. Malo's—in 1835 I was in the habit of keeping a diary of my transactions day by day—I have it here—(looking at it)—I had no acquaintance of the name of Le Brun living at Nantes on the 20th of August that year, nor did I know any such person as George Langly—this letter—(looking at one)—came to me by the post on the 20th of August, I believe, about ten or twelve o'clock—it has the post-mark of that date—it contained this order—I saw the prisoner immediately after I had received the letter—I had the letter in my hand or an the table when he came—I put it into his hands, and he said, "Oh, that is perfectly correct"—he had not mentioned any thing about prize-money to me previously, but he had asked me to receive any monies for him, as he was in the habit of going out of town—I said, "Certainly"—he did not mention where I was to go to receive them—he offered me a commission, which I refused, as it was not my business—I agreed to do it as a friend—I had no acquaintance at Nantes named Le Brun—I told him so, and that I did not know Langly or Le Brun—I showed him the letter, and he immediately said, "Oh, that is perfectly correct, the money you are to receive, and I have an order to receive it of you"—he said I was to go and receive the money at Chelsea Hospital—I offered to take him with me—he said he was particularly engaged, and he could not go with me, and asked me to go alone and receive it—I offered to take him in my vehicle.

Q. Did you receive back from the prisoner the letter and order? A. Yes—I went alone to the Hospital that day—the answer I received was that it was quite correct, and I was to return on Monday—I made a memorandum on the paper in consequence of that—here is, "in about three days' time"—that is the memorandum I made on receiving that answer at the Hospital—I did not see the prisoner when I came back the first time—I have no note of it in my book—he came on the 21st—I have nothing entered here, merely that he called—I told him what had passed, and the answer I got—on the 24th I went to the Hospital again with the order, and received a cheque for the money—this is the receipt I gave for the 177l. 16s. 11d.,—(read—"Received of W. H. Spicer, Esq., Deputy Treasurer, 177l. 16s. 11d., being the amount of prize-money due to George Langly, &c. E.A. THELESURE.")—I saw the prisoner altar I received the cheque, the same day, at my house—I told him I was ready to pay him the money, if he would give me a receipt for it—he said he had not got a receipt with him, but he would bring it—this is the cheque I received—(looking at it)—he asked me, if I was going into the City, would I get the money—I said, "Yes"—I took the cheque, received the money at the Bank, and gave him the money on the 26th—he then gave me this paper—(looking at it)—there is

some writing of his on it—it purports to be a receipt of Langly—I would not pay him without his receipt, and I saw him write his name and address on the back—I was never at Nantes in my life—I heard nothing more of this till I received Mr. Bicknell's communication, when I was living in France—I believe this letter is the hand-writing of the prisoner—(looking at one)—I received it from him.

Cross-examined. Q. Do I understand you do not know any person of the name of Le Burn? A. Yes, not at Nantes—my gardener's name is Le Brun, at St. Germain's—I did not know a person of that name at that time—it is a very common name in France—I was brought up in France, and have lived there ten or fifteen years—I have no recollection of the name of Le Brun, except my gardener, and a dancing-master, who lived at St. Germain's—I have seen him, I suppose, once or twice—the prisoner said at once that he had an order to receive the money of me—I said so before the Magistrate—all I wanted was an acknowledgment of his having received the money—I was well aware it was like a bill of exchange, and I must receive some order to receive it—I had not seen the receipt till he brought it to me on the 26th—I had not seen the order before I paid him the money—I should have thought twice before I paid him on his own receipt, without having the receipt of George Langly—I will swear, at the time I showed him the letter, that I told him I did not know either George Langly or Le Brun—I do not know that he made any observation upon that.

Q. As it was by his authority you went to receive the money, why should not you be content with his acknowledgment? A. Because the letter was signed "George Langly"—if the prisoner had asked me to receive the money, I might have been content with his receipt, but as it was a letter from George Langly, I thought I ought to have his receipt.

COURT. Q. Are you sure that at the first interview he told you he had an order to receive the money? A. Perfectly—that induced me to expect him to show me the order before I paid it to him—I wished to see the order, as he said he had one.

MR. JONES. Q. Did he give you any other acknowledgment for the money than that order? A. No, I am certain—he did not give me a receipt written by himself on a separate piece of paper. (The cheque was here read, which was on the Bank of England, for 177l., 16s. 11d., signed "W. H. Spicer," and endorsed "E. A. Theleure, 46, Great Marlborough-street")

MR. CLAKSON. Q. You had a gardener named Le Brun, and knew a dancing-master of that name in St. Germain's; did you become acquainted with both of them after you received this money? A. Yes, very lately—I was not acquainted with any Le Brun or Langly who knew the initials of my Christian name.





BERESFORD EATON

re-examined. I believe this letter to be the handwriting of Mrs. Gee.





JOHN LOCKEY
. I am an out-pensioner of Chelsea Hospital, and live at Glasgow. I was in the St. Helena regiment at the taking of Buenos Ayres, in 1806, under the command of General Beresford—I knew George Langly, a sergeant, in the corps—he was the only person of that name in the regiment—we remained there from the 1st of June till the 27th of August—in November, 1807, Langly died on board his Majesty's ship Woolwich on the voyage back to St. Helena—I was present at his death, and assisted at his funeral.


Cross-examined. Q. Was he a married man? A. No.





WILLIAM JAMES L'FEUVRE
. I was the French Consular agent at Southampton in 1835—I had a clerk in my service then, who is since dead—I know the prisoner—I remember a letter coming to my establishment, free of postage—it was directed to my care for an individual in France—I do not recollect the name—in consequence of a communication from my clerk, I gave directions about the delivery of that letter—after that, and on the same day, I saw the prisoner—I mentioned to him that I had given directions that he should have the letter if he called a second time at my office, and he gave me to understand that he had received it—I was superintendent of the Ariadne steam-vessel going to Jersey—I knew the prisoner occasionally went to and fro to Jersey at that time—Captain Basaam commanded that vessel—he is since dead—he was captain on that station—the prisoner occasionally travelled by that vessel, and knew Captain Bassam intimately.

Cross-examined. Q. Can you undertake to say he said he had received the letter? A. I understood him that he had received it—I cannot recollect his words—I should not know that letter again if I saw it—I think I received one letter for him afterwards, but I do not think I did before—I will not be positive that I had not—I know Mrs. Gee—she is living at Southampton now—I saw her last Sunday—there would be no difficulty in bringing her here—I put the question to her on Sunday whether she was likely to come up—I pat that question to her in consequence of what I heard from somebody connected with the prosecution, not Mr. Bicknell—it was in consequence of a letter I received—I did not communicate her answer to Mr. Bicknell—I am not aware that I ever told Mr. Bicknell the answer I received from her—I received a letter from Mr. Bicknell on Sunday morning—I have seen him since then—I saw him on Tuesday.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you got the letter with you? A. I have not—my conversation with Mrs. Gee had no reference to the hand-writing of any papers here—I think the letter I received afterwards was addressed to Mr. Flinn—the one I spoke to my clerk about was not addressed to Mr. Flinn, but to an individual in France, but Mr. Flinn represented that it was for a friend of his, and asked to take it.





REV. FRANCES HAWKINS
. I am a Catholic priest. I have lived in the city of Nantes some time—I resided there in 1835—I knew the Catholic clergy there at that time—I have heard a great deal about the Protestant clergy, but did not know them personally—I never heard of a Catholic or Protestant clergyman named Jacques—there is no elder in our religion—I never heard of a person of the name of Doria in any of the churches established at Nantes.





RICHARD BASSETT
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England. I have an entry of the numbers of the notes given in exchange for this cheque, on the 25th of August, 1835—"No. 8999, 100l.," dated 1st August; "No. 16975, 28th July, 50l.;" "No. 19871, 30th July, 20l.;" "No. 4807, 1st August, 5l."





THOMAS PHILLIPS
. I produce these notes, which have been paid into the Bank of England—on the back of the 5l. notes is written, "Thomas Dyson Ludolph," and on the back of the 20l. note, "E. Cole, 28th August."





JOHN BICKNELL
. I am solicitor of the Lords Commissioners of Chelsea Hospital. The first time I heard of the hand-writing in question being identified was at five o'clock yesterday afternoon.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know before five o'clock yesterday that

Mrs. Gee was living at Southampton? A. I did not know there was such a person in existence as Mrs. Gee—I heard there was a servant of Mr. Flinn's at Southampton, but never heard the name of Faulkner, or Gee.

COURT. Q. Your correspondence with Mr. Lefevre had no reference to Mrs. Gee? A. None at all.
(The letter from Nantes enclosing the order received by Theleure was as follows:)
"Nantes, 16th July, 1835. Sir, I have the honour to request that you will do me the favour, in consequence of your friend's recommendation, Monsieur Le Bran, at Nantes, to call at the Deputy Treasurer's office at Chelsea Hospital, to receive my share of prize-money for captures, as authorised by the Lords' Commissioners, on the 12th ultimo. I have the honour to remain, &c. GEORGE LANGLY. Monsieur E. A. Theleure, 46, Great Marlborough-street, London."
(The receipt given by the prisoner to Theleure on the 26th was as follows:) "177l. 16s. 11d. Nantes, July, 1835. At one month after date please, to pay to my order 177l. 16s. 11d., being the amount of my share of prize-money received by Mr. Theleure, after deducting his expenses, and for which this shall serve as a receipt in full of all demands. GEORGE LANGLY." And on the back was written, "J. T. Flinn, 14, Great CharIotte-street, Blackfriars, London."
(Sir Matthew Wood, Bart, M.P.; William Vizard, Esq., solicitor; and Dr. Lushington, M.P.; all of whom had, known the prisoner when in the service of Queen Caroline; deposed to his good character at that period.)




GUILTY of Uttering only. Aged 49.—Strongly recommended to mercy by the Jury on account of his services.
—


Transported for Life.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)

First Jury, Before Mr. Recorder.

