




1419. 




WILLIAM GILLMORE
 was indicted for

 stealing 1 pair of boots, value 5s., the goods of 



Thomas Searles, his master; and 





WILLIAM M'CAULL



 for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing the same to have been stolen; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


GILLMORE pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 14.—



Confined Three Monthly







THOMAS SEARLES
. I am a shoemaker, and live at No. 179, Whitechapel-road. Gillmore was in my service—he told me that he had stolen these boots and whom he had given them to—he said he had been robbing me nearly every day for three weeks—I do not know M'Caull—I never saw him till he was in custody—he might have been at my house without my seeing him as a customer—he was apprehended—I asked him where he got the boots—he said he got them out of his sister's drawer—I asked him who his sister was—he said her name was M'Caull—she works for me as a binder—I asked him if she stole the boots, or whether he stole them—he burst out crying) and said if I would be merciful to him he would tell me the truth—I said I would make him no promise—he then said he had had them from a boy named Jack, and he was to pledge them for him and to receive 6d., and that my boy at my shop stole them, and gave them to Jack.






FREDERICK DRAPER
. I am a constable. I took M'Caull into custody—he told me he got the boots from his mother, who gave them to him to pledge—I went to his mother—she knew nothing about it—I afterwards heard him tell Mr. Searles if he would be merciful to him he would confess—he said he got the boots from Gillmore, the boy who worked for him.

M'Caull's Defence. I never said I got them from Gillmore; I said I got them from Jack, but I only had two pairs.





THOMAS SEARLES

re-examined. He told me Gillmore had stolen them—that he had had only one pair before, and kuew nothing about the others.






CHARLES RANDALL
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner M'Caull's former conviction'—(read—Convicted 24th Now, 1845, and confined six months)—the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

