



149. 




FRANCIS SMITH
 was indicted

 for stabbing, cutting, and wounding 



Redmond Barry on the belly, with intent to do him some grievous bodily harm.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






REDMOND BARRY
. I am a labourer, and live at Jennings'-buildings, Kensington. On the 27th of June, I was standing near Mr. Gale's, the tobacconist's shop, in High-street, Kensington—the prisoner's wife came up and said something to me—the prisoner very soon after came up to me and went towards the Coach and Horses public-house, where there was a row—he could not get in—he then came across the street and asked me how I was—I said, "Very well, how do you get on?"—he said he did not know hardly—my mistress came up, put 6d. into my hand, and said "Take him down to the Prussia public-house and give him a pot of beer"—I had had no quarrel with him before that—he said in the public-house that he had come with the intention of taking Stephen Hayes' life away"—I said, Do not do it; never be guilty of such an action as that; he is a poor man with a large family; take and give him a good hiding, but do not take his life away"—(there had been a quarrel between Hayes' wife and the prisoner's sister—the sister had told the prisoner about it)—I took him away from the public-house after having a pint of beer to drink, and his wife and me and my wife went together—I took him across the street as far as the King and Queen—two men came and treated him to a pot of beer—I went back to my own room in a very few minutes—the prisoner came there—I then lived at No. 6—he came down the courtjumping about, and asking if there was any rascal who belonged to Stephen Hayes—Hayes came into the court and met the prisoner, and the prisoner struck him—I went and parted them, and Hayes then ran away to his own room—the prisoner then said, "Hayes did not have it; what Hayes did not have you shall have"—he then made towards me, and then struck me—I defended myself as well as I could, and struck him—I tried to throw him down—he got away from me, and went across the street to the wall, went two or three yards from there—he only went across the channel about a dozen yards, and came back again and. stabbed me in the side—I did not see any knife when he and I were struggling together—he did not strike me with the knife before he went across the channel—he then returned and stabbed me—he did not go into any house—I was taken up the stairs to my own room—I said I was struck with something—I found part of my entrails protruding—I was taken to Dr. Merriman, then to St. George's Hospital—I was there ten months—I am an Irishman—the parish of Kensington have supported me and my family ever since—I have been laid up ever since, and unable to attend to my work—last Saturday six weeks I was obliged to come home from my work with one of my guts coming out—I never saw the prisoner afterwards till he was taken into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Did you and Smith remain long in the public-house.? A. No—we were always good friends before—he and Hayes were fighting when I came out—there was a great

crowd—we had been fighting three or four minutes when this happened—neither of us had been knocked down till he stabbed me—I did not knock him against the wall—the crowd pushed us, and he went against the wall—we had not been fighting live minutes when I received the stab—I saw the person who stabbed me, but I did not see the knife—I do not know whether there was a great crowd—there are always a good many people where there is a row—it is merely from the position in winch he was that I judge it was him who stabbed me.

COURT. Q. Was there anybody close to you besides him at the time you received the stab? A. Yes—he crossed the gutter, came back, and stabbed me—the people round did not interrupt us—I am certain it was he that gave me the wound—he came up by my side and stabbed me.

Q. You did not see the knife at all? A. No—there were a good many women there—there were some friends belonging to the prisoner there—he hail had two or three rounds with Hayes before I came down stairs—Hayes was a strong man—I did not see any blood on the prisoner—I had plenty of blood myself.





MARY PEARCE
. I remember the night when Barry was stabbed—I saw the quarrel between them—I saw the prisoner standing over Barry, and saw a knife in his hand—I came out of my door, and saw he was wounded at that time—that was at the time I saw the knife in his hand.

COURT. Q. Did you see him fighting in the court? A. Yes, I saw them have two or three struggles, and fighting—I saw Smith knock Barry down two or three times, and brought out my candle—when Barry was thrown the third time he fell between two men, hut who they were I do not know—I went and called Mrs. Barry down—she came and brought him inside his own door—he was stripped, and his belly hung out.

Cross-examined. Q. You saw Barry knocked down three times? A. Yes, I am sure of that—I work at charing, but am at place now—I did not see the fight between Barry and Hayes—I am sure there were three knocks down—the prisoner had the knife up his shirt sleeve; I could see the handle—I was at my own door, about three yards from them, with a candle—I came out with my candle, saw him draw a knife out of his sleeve, and saw him do it—I am sure this is the knife—I was not many yards from him—I went and told Mrs. Barry—I did not cry out before I saw the stab—the stab was done in an instant—the knife was up his sleeve—he took it out—there were so many people round that you could not see one way or other, but I saw him do it—I was right facing the prisoner—it was right opposite the gully-hole—Barry and the prisoner were not long together—the prisoner ran away into some house down the buildings afterwards—I did not see the prisoner knock against the wall.





PATRICK LAHEE
. I remember the night on which Barry and the prisoner were fighting—it is a long time ago—I tried to part them, and while doing so something scraped my hand, and hurt it—I do not know which of the two had it—I parted them—Barry went away—I saw Barry afterwards, and saw some blood on him.

COURT. Q. Did Barry call out or say anything when you were there? A. No—he did not say he was stabbed—I was examined before the Magistrate—my deposition was read over to me—I put my mark to it.

Q. Did they put down anything you had not said? A., I can tell what I saw, and what I know—these two men were fighting; that was the statement I gave I went to part them; and something hurt my hand; I parted them—Barry never grumbled at that time, till after that—Smith went away, and Barry went away, and a little time after I heard Barry grumbling that he was stabbed, and saw blood on him.

Cross-examined. Q. At the time you felt something sharp were the men in the act of fighting one another? A. They were tied together, tied to one another—I was there when they were fighting—they did not have another fight after I parted them—I did not see the prisoner go any distance and

come back again—he could not go away; they were tied to one another—neither of them were knocked down in my presence—they were against the wall—I do not know who was nearest the wall, or who seemed to have the best of the fight.





ANDREW DOOLAN
. I remember the night on which Barry was stabbed—I then occupied a room in Jennings'-buildings—the prisoner came into my room both before and after the quarrel—the second time he asked for a drink of water—I gave it him, and he went away—I never saw him after till he was apprehended.

COURT. Q. Did you see him fighting with Hayes? A. No—I saw the row, a lot of people together—I do not know what Hayes and the prisoner were doing—my deposition was read over to me before I put my mark to it.

Q. Did they read anything to you that you had not said? A. Yes—I did not see Hayes and the prisoner fighting—I never swore I did—I saw the row—I did not see any blows between them, nor did I see Smith and Barry fight—I call a row a lot of people being together—they were doing something, but I saw no blows—Smith was cut in the nose when he came in to me—(the witness's deposition was here read, as follows:—)
"I saw the prisoner fighting with Stephen Hayes in the buildings; after it was over he came up into my room; he sat down for ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, then left, as I thought, to go home; directly he got down I heard another row in the buildings, and in a short time after the prisoner came again to the room, sat on the bed, and asked me for a drop of water; in about ten minutes after that I went with him to the end of the buildings, and on my return I heard that Barry was stabbed.")

Witness, That is right; I never saw him fighting; I never swore that I did.





THOMAS BATLT SMITH
. I was an inspector of police at the time in question, but have now left—I received information of the man being stabbed, as near as I can recollect, on the next day—I immediately directed search to be made for the prisoner, but did not succeed in apprehending him—I received this knife from a man named Luddie, I believe—I heard the witness's deposition read over before the Magistrate.





THOMAS BRADSHAW
 (police-constable T 130.) I took the prisoner into custody on the 10th of Nov. of the present year, at No. 8, Exeter-buildings, Knightsbridge. I told him I took him into custody for stabbing Redmond Barry in 1841—he said he was there but did not do it—I have not been able to find out the person who dressed the wound.

COURT
to R. BARRY. Q. Can you give us any idea in what way the blow struck you; did the wound go upwards or downwards? A. It went in straight, and turned round in my belly like a key does in a lock—the wound kept open for eleven months before it was closed the first time.
(Edward Keep, labourer, of Kensington, Stephen Barry, and Mary Collins gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

