



1163. 




SAMUEL BASS
, was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of July, at 
Norton Falgate, 81 yards of satin, value 6l., the goods of 



Andrew Peacock and another, in their dwelling-house; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM ADAMS
. I live at No. 19, Anchor-street, Bethnal-green, and am a silk-manufacturer. I have known the prisoner about twelve months—he called on me in July last—I cannot recollect the day of the month—he came and said to me, "You are a manufacturer, are not you, Adams?"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "And you sell on commission, don't you?"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "I have a piece of black satin, will you take it out, and sell it on commission for me?"—I said, "It is no use taking any goods out, I cannot sell my own; I am obliged to pledge them"—he then said "I shall be very much obliged if you will take and pledge a piece for me"—I said, "I do not like to do such a thing, but if it is your own, I don't mind doing it, where I pledge my own"—I then went with him to his house, in Thomas-street, and he showed me a piece of black satin, on the foot of a bed, wrapped in dressers' paper—the weaver puts silk in thin picking-paper, when his work is finished—it is sent to his employer, and afterwards to the dresser, who puts it into thick paper like parchment—the paper was very much torn—he said he had got some money to make up, to send into the country, and should be much obliged if I would pledge it for him—he carried it down stairs, and walked with me as far as Cottens's, in

Shoreditch, where I pledged it in my own name for 7l.—he had changed the paper of one piece before he delivered it to me—I am not quite certain that was the piece in question—he did not go into the shop with me—I went out and gave him the 7l. and duplicate—we parted in Church-street, and I went home.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLAKTINE. Q. You were charged with having something to do with the robbery? A. I was taken, as it was pawned in my name—I was discharged by the Magistrate—I am a manufacturer and seller—there is a great deal of distress in our business, it is quite common for I manufacturers to sell on commission, and many are obliged to pawn goods at times—it is better to sell than pledge—I cannot give the exact conversation that passed—I did not know the satin came from Peacock's—they are master manufacturers I thought the prisoner manufactured that piece.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. If you had known it was Messrs. Peacocks' property would you have pawned it? A. Decidedly not—when the officer came to me I directly told him all I knew about it.





ANDERW PEACOCK
. I am in partnership with Alexander Duff, and live in Spital-square, in the liberty of Norton-Folgate—we are silk-manufacturers, and have an establishment at Sudbury, Suffolk, as well as in town. I have known the prisoner many years—he was in the habit of weaving silk for us, off and on, during that time, both in the country and London—in July last he was living in London, and came frequently to our warehouse—we were not in need of pawning or selling on commission—the prisoner was a weaver employed by us—last July he worked at his own house, in Thomas-street—he used to have the material in a dyed state, unmanufactured, to weave at home—it was then his duty to bring it home to our warehouse, but he never had the piece in question to manufacture at all—we should send it to the dresser after the waver returned it to us, and the weaver would not have anything more to do with it—the pieces he made never wanted dressing at all—one was velvet and the other serge—I have my book here, which shows that the prisoner was at our warehouse in London on the 7th, 8th, 13th, 15th, and 29th of July—I saw a piece of black satin on the 8th of March at Mr. Cotten's, in Shoreditch, and know it to be our property, by my private mark on it, and the number—it measured eighty-one yards—I am positive it has never been sold—I had missed this very piece, but my stock being very large, I thought it might have been put away with others—I have gone through my book and stock to ascertain this had never been sold—the entries in the book are my son Alexander's—Kendall saw the same piece of satin—he is a dresser—I employ his master—this piece of satin is worth 6l.—it was in picking paper at the pawnbroker's—that is a thin paper, used by weavers, not by dressers—it was to cartridge paper, which is called dresser's paper, at our warehouse.

Cross-examined. Q. Except from your book, you could not know this had not been sold? A. Certainly not—we book every thing we send out.





GEORGE TEAKLE
. I am a police-sergeant—I live in Bethnal Green-road. In consequence of information, on Wednesday, the 8th of March, I went to Cotten's, a pawnbroker, in Shoreditch, and found two pieces of satin, one in packing-paper, pawned for 6l. 10s.—in consequence of what I saw in the duplicate on it, I went after Adams, and found him at his own house, and brought him to a public-house—I had not got the satin with me—on our way to the station I told him what I wanted of him—he made a statement to me; in consequence of which, I sent for the prisoner, and he came to Mr. Peacock's warehouse on Thursday afternoon, the 9th of March—I said, "Well, Mr. Bass, I want to ask you a question or two; it is right I should tell you you are not bound to answer any question unless you like; have you at any time pledged any silks or satin of any description?"—he said, "I have not"—I

said, "Do you know anything about any of any sort or description, expect what you have at your own house to work?"—he said, "No, I do not"—I said, "Have you authorised any person at any time to pledge any for you?"—he said, "No, I have not, I know nothing at all about any silks whatever;" and I believe he said, "except what is in his own house"—I took him to the station—Adams was there—I said to Adams, in the prisoner's presence, "Well, Mr. Adams, do you know this man?"—he said, "Yes, it is Mr. Bass"—I said, "What do you know of him?"—he said, "That is the man I had the two pieces of satin of to pledge"—he made no reply whatever—I then locked them up in separate cells.

Cross-examined. Q. When you examined the prisoner had you any note-book to take down his answers? A. No—it was in the presence of two of Mr. Peacock's sons—I have made no memorandum of it at the time since, to my recollection—I am now positive I did not, but having had several cases since in the country, I could not at the moment recollect perfectly all that took place.





WILLIAM KENDALL
. I am a silk-dresser, and live in Westmoreland-place, City-road. On the 10th of March I saw, in company with Mr. Peacock, a piece of black satin, at Worship-street office, produced by Boltwood—I saw a mark on it which I had made—it was the dresser's mark—it was dressed in my place, for Peacock and Co., on the 4th of Jan., 1842.





JOHN HURLSTON
. I am second clerk to the justices at Worship-street office, and acted at the prisoner's first examination. The depositions were not prepared till the 17th of March—Adams was at first charged with Bass, and made a statement, which he signed—I took notes of what passed.

Q. Refreshing your memory by your notes, state what Adams said in the prisoner's hearing on the 10th of March? A. Adams stated, "Bass came to me and asked me if I would take some pieces of satin to sell for him by commission with his own goods;" that Adams told Bass he could not do it, as he was himself obliged to pawn his own property to raise money occasionally, and he wanted at that time to raise money—that he was in the habit, or about to take certain goods to Cottens's to pledge for himself; that Bass then said to him, "Will you take some for me with your own?"—Adams afterwards went to Bass's house, and was shown by Bass some satin wrapped in dressers paper, which he took off and placed in picking-paper, telling him he would be glad if he would take that with his own goods to Mr. Cottens and pledge for him, as he wanted a little money to send into the country; that he took altogether two pieces, one of about eighty-nine yards and the other about seventy-nine yards—not at the same time—he took one piece to Cottens-that he took one piece of satin, and there was sufficient interval between the first and second taking to allow Bass to make a piece similar to that produced—Adams was asked to sign his examination, which he did, and said further that Bass had the tickets for both pieces of satin, as well as the money—Bass, I recollect, was about to make a statement—he was checked by his solicitor; but he did say, "I did give two pieces of satin to my fellow-prisoner to pawn for me, as he says,"and added, "they were given to me by Mr. Charles Peacock"—there was a professional gentleman attended for Adams when he made his statement—after that Adams was put into the witness-box, and after that he said Bass had the tickets and money—the same professional gentleman then acted for Bass—the statement was made by Adams while he was a prisoner at the bar—Bass was remanded till the 17th.





WILLIAM BOLTWOOD
. In July last I was in the service of Mr. Cottens, a pawnbroker, in Shoreditch. I produce a piece of black satin from there; also the counterpart of the duplicate given to the party—this is the piece of satin

which was produced to Mr. Peacock and the witness Kendall—I did not take it in.





HENRY RICHARDSON
. On the 28th of July I was shopman to Mr. Cotten—I took in this piece of satin, and advanced 7l. on it, in the name of Adams, it was pawned by him—I knew him well for about two years—he was in the habit of pawning silks at our place.

MR. PEACOCK
re-examined. This is my satin, and has never been sold.





WILLIAM KENDALL
. re-examined. This is the satin which was dressed at my place—here is my mark on it.





THOMAS GREEN
. I am a constable of Sudbury, in Suffolk. I took the prisoner into custody in May, 1832—he was tried at Bury sessions in July—I produce a certificate of his conviction, which I received from the clerk of the peace—the prisoner is that person (read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
