



1611. 




GEORGE SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
26th of July, he being employed under the Post-office, a post letter, containing I brooch, value 3s.; and 1 pencil-case, 3s.; the property of 

her Majesty's Postmaster-General.—5 Other COUNTS, varying the manner of stating the charge.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






ADOLPH BLUMANTAL
. I travel with jewellery about the country—I live in Cock and Hoop-yard, Houndsditch. In July last I was in the country, and received an order from a customer to set a stone in a brooch—this is the stone—(looking at one)—I took particular notice of it at the time, and put a mark on it—I received an order from another customer to pat a stone on the top of the pencil-case now produced—I had them both ill my possession when I got to Windsor—I there saw Julius Jonas, who hai a brother in that way at Birmingham—I sent the stone and pencil-case to Jonas's brother, at Birmingham, by the post—when they were done they were to be sent either to me, or to Benjamin Cohen, a cousin of Jonas, in London—soon after this I returned to London, and saw Ferdinand Jonas on the 1st of Aug.—he told me something about the pencil-case and stone, in consequence of which I made a complaint at the Post-office—I am sure these are the articles I sent to Ferdinand Jonas, at Birmingham.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. When did you complain at the Post-office? A. On Monday, the 4th—the pencil-case belongs to the footman of a captain—I do not know his name—I only had it two days—I have not many such articles to repair, and had none at the time—I had never seen them before—the brooch belongs to a servant girl at Feitham, named Mary Ann—I call at houses for orders—I had the brooch also two days—it is a pebble stone, and here is a mark, a chip—it is not uncommon to see stones chipped—I am positive they are the same.





JULIUS JONAS
. I live at Mr. Cohen's, White-street, Cutler-street, Houndsditch. In July last I was at Windsor, and saw Blumantal—we lived in one room there—he showed me the stone of a brooch, and a silver pencil-case, which had no stone in the head of it—I saw him inclose them in a letter to my brother Ferdinand, who was at Birmingham at the time.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you see the articles? A. At Windsor—I was looking at the stone and pencil-case—he had jewellery in his box, but I did not look at anything else—he showed me these—my brother being at Birmingham, he wished them sent to him—nothing else was produced—it is a common stone and pencil-case.





FERDINAND JONAS
. I am a travelling jeweller, and live when in London at my cousin's, Benjamin Cohen, No. 9, White-street, Cutler-street, Houndsditch. In July last I was at Birmingham, and received a stone and pencil-case in a letter—they were the articles produced—the stone was not mounted then—in consequence of directions in the letter, I

got the stone mounted as it is now, and got a stone put into the head of the pencil-case as it is now—I afterwards had them in my possession at Northampton—I found I should not get back to London so soon as I expected, and sent them to my cousin, Cohen, in a letter directed to "Benjamin Cohen, 9, White-street, Cutler-street, Houndsditch, London"—I put both the pencil-case and brooch in the letter, sealed it, and took it to the post-office, on Saturday morning, the 26th of July, between nine and ten o'clock—I put it into the post-office before ten o'clock—I cannot exactly tell how long before ten it was—I paid 2d. with the letter—I am quite sure the articles produced are those I inclosed in the letter—I came to London on the Friday following, and found my letter had not arrived—Leopold wrote the direction on the letter for me—he did not go to the post-office—I put the letter in directly after he wrote the direction—Thomas Morris mounted the stone in the brooch.

Cross-examined. Q. How came Leopold to direct it? A. I cannot write English, nor read it after it is written—I did not look at the clock as I went to the post-office—I had never seen these things before I received them—I am no judge of stones—it is a silver pencil-case.





FELIX LEOPOLD
. I remember directing a letter for F. Jonas, on the 26th of July, at Northampton, to "B. Cohen, 9, White-street, Cutler-street, Houndsditch, London"—it was between nine and half-past nine o'clock in the morning—the post-office is three minutes walk from where I wrote the direction.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you direct more than one letter? A. No—I recollect the direction as it is a straightforward address.





THOMAS MORRIS
. I am a jeweller, and live at Birmingham. I mounted this stone into a brooch for Jonas, and I forwarded it to him afterwards—I know my own work.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you done any brooches of the same kind before? A. Yes—I noticed a defect in the stone when I did it.





CHARLES BUTCHER
. I am at the post-office at Northampton. A letter put in at half-past nine o'clock would go by the morning mail in the London bag—it leaves at a quarter before ten—the bag was sealed, and a bill in it tied up with the paid letters—this is the bill—it contains the amount of the paid letters.

Cross-examined. Q. What time must a letter be put in to go by that mail? A. By half-past nine o'clock—a letter containing these articles would be 2d.—if put in after half-past nine, it would not go unless an extra 1d. was paid.





WILLIAM HILLMER
. I am a clerk in the General Post-office. I was on duty in the Inland-office on the 26th of July, and opened the Northampton day mail-bag that day—this bill came in that bag—the bag appeared perfectly secure, sealed in the usual way—the bill contains the total amount of paid letters which came in the bag, not the number—that would enable me to say if the proper amount of paid letters were in the bag—it was all right that morning—a letter for Houndsditch would go through the tunnel to the London District-office—I opened the bag between half-past one o'clock and two in the day—a letter would be delivered in Houndsditch that day.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you have no distinct recollection of what occurred that day? A. No—the bill states the amount of the paid letters—they are sometimes wrong, and then the bill is altered—here are

my initials to it, to show that it was correct—I cannot tell how many letters came.





WILLIAM HENRY WALKER
. I am a letter-carrier in the General Post-office—I was on duty in the Inland-office, on the afternoon of the 26th of July, and collected the letters for the London district, put them into their several boxes, and passed them through the tunnel to go into the London District-office—a letter arriving between one and two o'clock would be sent through the tunnel about a quarter to two—I sent the principal part of the letters through the tunnel.





PHILIP WILLIAMS
. I am a tunnel-man in the London District-office, and receive the letters which come through the tunnel from the Inland-office—I turn the wheel and draw them through—I was on duty on the 26th of July, after the arrival of the Northampton morning mail, and drew the boxes through the tunnel—the porter takes charge of them then.





THOMAS BRIGHTLEY
. I am a porter in the London-office. I was on duty on the 26th of July, after the arrival of the Northampton morning mail—I assisted in carrying the letters from the tunnel-man into the sort-ing-office, and placed them on the table to be stamped and sorted to the different walks.





WALTER JOSEPH BELL
. I am a sorter in the London District-office. On the 26th of July, I assisted in sorting the letters which arrived by the day mails—a letter addressed to White-street, Cutler-street, Houndsditch, would be sorted to the Spitalfields walk—the letters for that walk would be tied up in a bundle, and placed in a bag which the rider takes—he would leave the office about ten minutes before three o'clock; and about seven minutes after three—we send them in two parts, to facilitate the sort-ing—I gave them to the porter, but did not see him give them to the rider.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you been a sorter long? A. About three years—we sometimes missort—there are no other sorters for that division—there are four divisions.
----HUDSON. I am porter in the London District-office. On the 26th of July, I received the letters for the Spitalfields walk from Bell, and gave the bag to Mr. Small about ten minutes to three o'clock.





HENRY SMALL
. I am mail driver. On the 26th of July, I received the mail bag for the Shoreditch branch from Hudson, and delivered it at the office four or five minutes after three o'clock, in the same state at I received it.





WILLIAM EDWARDS
. I was inspector, on duty at the Shoreditch branch, on the evening of the 26th of July—the mail bag from the Lon-don District-office arrived about five minutes after three o'clock, and another twenty-one minutes after three—there are twelve carriers in the office—the prisoner was one of them—he was assistant to Hallam in the Spitalfields walk—he was on duty at the three o'clock delivery—the letters would be sorted into walks for the carriers, and tied up in bundles before they leave the chief office—on the arrival of the bags each carrier has his bundle delivered to him—Hallam and the prisoner would sort their letters for their own delivery—Hallam would divide them, and the prisoner assist him—that is as to the first dispatch, and the same as to the second—a letter for 9, White-street, Cutler-street, would be given to the prisoner—he ought to deliver it at four o'clock.

Cross-examined. Q. The prisoner was the assistant to Hallam, was he the headman? A. They are both on the walk—one is senior.





JOHN HALLAM
. I am letter-carrier in the Shoreditch Branch-office.

The prisoner was my assistant—on the 26th of July, I delivered the letters in the Spitalfields walk—the prisoner was on duty with me—he came at a quarter past three—I opened the bundle of letters which arrived at three, and divided them between me and the prisoner—he would have the letter for 9, White-street—it would be among his portion, and ought to have been delivered by four o'clock.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you ever deliver letters on the same beat? A. Yes, I should go there at six o'clock and at ten—there are ten deliveries a day.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. The prisoner would have the letters to deliver at four o'clock? A. Yes, I had no such letter to deliver that day—the prisoner is employed by the post-office, not by me.





BENJAMIN COHEN
. I live at No. 9, White-street, Cutler-street, Houndsditch. In July last I received no letter from F. Jonas containing a brooch and pencil-case—I knew nothing of it till I saw Jonas in London, on the 1st of Aug.

Cross-examined. Q. How many persons live in the house? A. Only two—I am a capmanufacturer—I am married and have sons and daugh-ters—I am sometimes out—I have a shop there—when I am absent my wife and the work-girls are there—I have three work-girls—my sons do not assist in my business.

MR. BODKIN. Q. I believe Saturday is a day on which you do no business? A. No, it is my Sabbath—the girls would not be there, nor any business doing.

MRS. COHEN. I am the wife of the last witness—I was at home all day on Saturday, the 26th of July—no letter came that day, containing a pencil-case and brooch.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you do not answer the door to everybody? A. I must answer it—there was nobody at home but me all day—my eldest child is sixteen years of age—I have one fourteen and one twelve—I have seven children—I was glad for them to go out—I was alone in the house all the day—the elder children went out.





MATTHEW PARK
. I am an officer of the Post-office—I apprehended the prisoner on the 1st of Aug., not on this charge—I asked where he lived—he said at 19, Anglesea-street, Waterloo-town, Spitalfields—I went there and found his wife—I went to the first floor front room, and found the brooch and pencil-case produced.

Cross-examined. Q. What room were they in? A. The front room first floor, in the drawer of a table against the window—there was no bed in the room—the drawer was unlocked—there are two more rooms down stairs—the things were loose in the drawer.





JOHN BAGNESS
. I live at 19, Anglesea-street—the prisoner occupied the back and front rooms, first floor, at the time in question.




GUILTY
.—Aged 22.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

(There were two more indictments against the prisoner.)
