




147. 




JOHN CRIMNEY
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Lambert Hotchkin, at St. Mary Abbots, Kensington, and stealing 1 writing-desk, value 3l.; his goods.






GEORGE JAMES SUCKLING
. I am 13 years old, and live with my father, James Suckling, at Kensington. On Tuesday night, the 3rd of Nov., about five minutes after six o'clock, I was in the back-parlour, and heard somebody walking up and down in front of the house—I heard a noise as if a nail dropped—I and my mother went to the front, door and to the garden-gate in front of the door—we found a pair of shoes at the gate, and a barometer leaning against the hinges—that was not its proper place—there was also a square box, like a writing-desk, by the lamp—we carried the things in.





JAMES SUCKLING
. I was usher at the Police-court, Bow-street. On the 3rd of Nov., about a quarter-past six o'clock, I returned home towards my house, met the prisoner, thought he looked a suspicious character, and stood aside to watch him—I went home, and from information I received I pursued the prisoner, and found him in Silver-street—he got into a place where there is no thoroughfare—a constable came up, and I gave him into custody—I saw he had no hat or cap on, and when he came to the light I saw he had no shoes on—next morning I was in the garden—my attention was called to a man's cap in the next garden—the policeman has it.

Prisoner, Q. Did you see me with any property? A. No, you had nothing.





ELIZABETH SUCKLING
. I am the wife of the last witness—I found some shoes at the garden-gate—they were quite warm—I took them and the barometer in doors—I put the shoes inside the passage-door—they remained there till the policeman came.





CATHERINE HOTCHKIN
. I live with my father, Lambert Hotchkin, next door to Mr. Suckling—this desk is my father's—I saw it safe between three and four o'clock on Tuesday afternoon—the window was then closed—I am not sure whether it was fastened—it looks out into the garden—I did not miss it then—I went out.





SAMUEL PUDDEFOOT
 (police-constable T 127.) The prisoner was given into my charge—I asked him if he had not got a cap and shoes—he said he had, but he had left them at Harrow-on-the-Hill—as he went to the station he said he had been in a public-house in the neighbourhood, and had been robbed of his shoes, while he was asleep.

Prisoner. I said I was asleep in a public-house, at Harrow-on-the-Hill, and my shoes and cap were taken from me.





JAMES CLARKE
 (policeman.) I went to the house, received a writing-case, and found this pair of shoes, which I produce—I fitted them on to the prisoner's feet, at the Police-court, and they fitted him exactly—I reeeived a cap at the Police-court at Hammersmith, from Mr. Suckling—the prisoner asked what kind of a cap it was, and said his had a red lining—he owned it.

Prisoner. I said it was very much like mine; I did not say anything about the lining; I can produce mine (doing so.)





LAMBERT HOTCHKIN
. I live in the parish of St. Mary Abbots, Kensington—it is my dwelling-house—I passed the window at half-past five o'clock—it was then closed—the alarm was given about a quarter-past six—it was then open, and some flower-pots moved from it—I think the desk was taken without getting in—it was near the window—the cap was found in the next garden to mine.

Prisoner's Defence. I wore the cap at the public-house, and have the shoes on my feet now.





JAMES PUDDEFOOT

re-examined. He did not say where the public-house was.






JAMES SUCKLING

re-examined. There was no thoroughfare where the prisoner ran down, and he tried to get over a door to get into the garden—he fell, and was left without a cap—that answered to his having some blood on his nose—I found the cap in the garden next day—I stated this before the Magistrate.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Yean.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
