



1139. 




ROBERT FAIRFAX
 was indicted

for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Osborne, on the 
23rd of March, at St. Margaret, New Fish-street, and stealing therein, 3 shirts value 15s.; 2 razors, value 2s.; 11 handkerchiefs, value 10s.; 1 ring, value 2s.; 1 spoon, value 2s. 6d.; 1 miniature and frame, value 15s.; 1 yard measure, value 1s.; 1 pair of boots, value 6s.; and 1 watch key, value 6d.; his property.






EDWARD SPENCER
. I live with my uncle, John Osborne, a coal merchant, in Fish-street, in the parish of St. Margaret, New Fish-street—he keeps the whole house. On Tuesday afternoon, the 22nd of March, about three o'clock, I had occasion to go up to a room at the top of the house—I found the door ajar, and the prisoner inside, trying to hide behind the door, on which some dresses hung—I asked what he did there—he muttered something about a lady—I collared him, brought him down to the first-floor, and then he struck me a violent blow on the forehead with a hammer—a good many handkerchiefs fell from him as I brought him down stairs—he broke from me—I pursued him into the street, and saw a gentleman stop him on the opposite side of the way—a policeman came up and took him to the station, where he was searched, and three shirts, two handkerchiefs, a silver measure, and other articles found on him belonging to Mr. Osborne—the street-door was open, but the room-door was kept locked and the key kept in an adjoining room, which was not locked—there is a door on the staircase, and that was closed—it was necessary to turn the handle of the lock to get to the stairs—I can swear that door was shut—1 had seen it shut that morning—it is usually kept shut—I saw the room door locked that day, and the key in a lower room, hanging on the dresser—I saw the room-door shut about ten in the morning—I saw the key in the adjoining room about three minutes before I found the prisoner there—I went there, as I was told the key was there—I found it there, but the door was unfastened when I went to unlock it—he might have used the key and put it back again.

Prisoner. I did not strike him on the head with the hammer. Witness. Here is a mark where he struck me.





WILLIAM ROSE
 (City police-constable No. 562.) I was on duty, and was sent for—I took the prisoner in charge from a gentleman—he was searched at the station-house, and three shirts, two razors, a silver spoon, a handkerchief, miniature, and a chisel were found on him—this hammer was taken from him in the street—the witness had blood running down his face—I applied the chisel to the door of the room—it appeared to have been forced open—there were scratches—I cannot tell whether the chisel had made those marks—the prisoner did not say any thing about the mode in which the door was opened—I do not recollect his saying anything of that sort-this is my deposition—(looking at it.)





JOHN OSBORNE
. I am a merchant, and live in Fish-street-hill. These articles are my property—the shirt and handkerchiefs are marked with my name—this is my miniature—the prisoner said before the Lord Mayor that he had unlocked the door.
(The prisoner put in a written defence, pleading that poverty had driven him to the commission of the offence.)




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.
