



519. 




JOSEPH ADAMS
 was indicted

 for forging and uttering a request for the delivery of a lady's dress, on the 
12th of November, with intent to defraud 



Emma Clapham; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






EMMA CLAPHAM
. I am single, and carry on business in New Bond-street, as a milliner. On the 7th of November I received this letter, (No. 1)—(looking at it)—in an envelope, by the general-post—I had not at that time the pleasure of knowing Mrs. Colonel Hill personally—I forwarded, in answer, some patterns of velvets to Newport, in the Isle of Wight, according to the direction—on the 13th of November I received this letter (No. 2) by the post—in consequence of the receipt of this, I used expedition in getting the object of the writer, a velvet dress, of not less than seven breadths, prepared and forwarded to the Royal York Hotel, Southampton, addressed to" Mrs. Colonel Hill, Royal York Hotel, Southampton," by the Southampton Railway—I sent it on Tuesday evening, the 16th of November—on the 13th I had also received this other letter, (No. 3)—this is the velvet dress—(looking at it)—which I forwarded to Southampton—I afterwards received this other letter, (No. 4) purporting to come from Mrs. Colonel Hill, acknowledging the receipt of the dress, and saying it was approved of, and containing another order for a dress and a cloak, which I did not execute—I entertained some suspicion, and my brother went to Southampton—there was a bill of parcels forwarded with the velvet dress—the price of it was fifteen guineas—the box produced is the one in which the dress was sent—the direction was on a

card, which has been torn off, but here are the words," To be kept dry," written on the box in our writing.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Had you known a lady of the name of Carnagee? A. Yes, a short time before I received these letters, I had seen her in London, and executed orders for her in London, but not it Newport—I knew she was staying there.

Q. Does not the letter of the 6th of November (No. 1) purport to come from Mrs. Colonel Hills? A. No, there is no "s" at the end, it is Hill—I should not take the stroke at the end of the word to be an "s"—the word Colonel is finished in the same way—there is an unaccountable stroke at the end—it could not be made into an "s"—I addressed my letter to Mrs. Colonel Hill, Newport, Isle of Wight—this first letter came in an envelope, which was thrown away, as usual—I could not swear that I looked at the post-mark, but this first letter decidedly came from Newport, and I should say the others from Newport or Southampton.
(Letters read.)
No. 1.—" Mrs. Colonell Hill, at the recommendation of Mrs. Carnagee, late from India, will thank Miss Clapham to inform her the price of a best black silk velvet dress, and to send a pattern of the velvet. "To Miss Clapham."
No. 2.—"Mrs. Colonel Hill will thank Miss Clapham to send her a dress of the enclosed velvet, provided it can be sent to her address, at the Royal York Hotel, Southampton, on Wednesday next; if it cannot, Mrs. Colonel Hill will decline it. Mrs. Hill sends a pattern enclosed, and is rather a stout figure. The number of breadths required will be at least seven."
No. 3.—" Mrs. Colonel Hill, in her note of this morning, forgot to mention that a train is not required, and wishes it to be made as plain as possible, and her height is five feet four inches 3/4."
No. 4.—" Mrs. Colonel Hill has received the velvet dress, which fits exceedingly well, and will thank her to send a fashionable gipsy walking cloak of black silk, with velvet trimmings, and a grot-de-Naples morning dress, on or before Friday next, with the account, and a remittance will be forwarded.
"To Miss Clapham."





WILLIAM BETTLE
. In November last I was one of the waiters at the Royal York Hotel, Southampton. On the 17th of November, the box produced arrived there by the railway—it was addressed to Colonel, or Mrs. Colonel Hill, at the Royal York Hotel—I delivered it to the prisoner on the same day it arrived—he had been there before, and asked for letters addressed to Colonel Hill, or Mrs. Colonel Hill, and had received two letters—when he came for this box, he came to the bar-door and said, "Is there anything addressed for me or Mrs. Colonel Hill?"—I said, "Who are you?"—he said, "I am Colonel Hill"—I said, "There is a box"—I delive ed it to him, and he took it away.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to swear that when he came for the box he said, "I am Colonel Hill?" A. Yes, he came to the bar-door and said, "Is there any thing directed for me or Mrs. Colonel Hill?"—I said, "Are you Colonel Hill?"—he said, "Yes;" and I said, "There is a box"—I had given him two letters, I think, about the 11th or 12th.

Q. How came you to ask him if he was Colonel Hill when he came for the box, when you had given him these two letters? A. These few days

intervening, perhaps I might not know the person again, being in a hurry, and carriages at the door—I am sure he is the man that came for the two letters—I asked him, because I thought I might have been deceived, but he is the person—when he came for the letters he asked if there was any letters for Colonel or Mrs. Colonel Hill—I said, "There are two letters," and gave them to him—I believe that was all that passed then—the barmaid might have been at the bar at that time—the box was brought to the bar-door from the railway-station—I was there, and paid 1s. 3d. for it.





MARGARET HILL
. I am the widow of Colonel Hill. In November last, I was residing at Newport, in the Isle of Wight—I had no acquaintance there of the name of Carnagee—I know no one of that name—I know nothing of the prisoner—these letters are none of them written by me, or by my authority—I am popularly known as Mrs. Colonel Hill, my letters are so directed

Cross-examined. Q. Is your name Hill or Hills? A. Hill—I have resided in Newport nearly two years—my husband was a Lieutenant-Colonel—I do not know a Mrs. Carnagee, nor any similar name—I do not know that I ever heard there was such a person—I have resided off and on at the Isle of Wight for a number of years—there is no lady named Hills there, that I know of.





ISABELLA SCOTT
. I am the widow of General Scott. I married him in New York, and resided with him there—I believe the prisoner has dined at our table in America—I did not come from America with him, but since I have been in England I have resided in Sackville-street for one year and one month—the prisoner boarded at my house for some time—I have seen him write.

Cross-examined. Q. How often can you swear you have seen him write? A. Frequently, in my house in Sackville-street—he was in my house seven weeks or two months, from the latter end of February till April—I have been in a room where he was writing—I have seen him write, and I have read it afterwards—he has shown me what he has been writing—I have seen him write letters, and I have read them—he never wrote a letter for me but once, and that was to the Rev. Dr. Jamieson—I saw him write that, and I read it afterwards

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you believe these letters to be the handwriting of the prisoner? A. I could not swear that No. 1, is the prisoner's writing—I think it is—Nos. 2 and 3 are his handwriting—No. 4 is not so much the character of his handwriting—I believe it to be his writing—think it is

Cross-examined. Q. Do I understand you to say that the first letter you would not speak to? A. I believe it to be his writing—the fourth letter does not assume the character of the prisoner's handwriting so much as the others do—it is a different style of handwriting—in my judgment Nos. 1, 2, and 3 are in his ordinary handwriting—there is nothing at all unusual or disguised about them.

Q. If you have seen him write so often, and seen his letters so often, how came you to hesitate so long? A. Because my feelings were excited

MR. CLARKSON. A. Do you believe the letter No. 4 is in the handwriting of the prisoner? A. I stated it might be his handwriting, and it might not.

Q. I am not asking you what you said before the Magistrate, but what

you have said within the last fire minutes; although it is not exactly in the same character, do you believe it to be the prisoner's handwriting? A. Yes, I do.





ANN HATTON
. I am a widow, and was residing at Southampton in November. I had made an acquaintance with the prisoner at Cowes—I purchased this velvet dress of the prisoner, at Southampton, on a Monday in November—it was on the Monday previous to his being taken into custody—this is the box in which the dress was—the prisoner said that a friend of his, who was a barrister, or who he thought was a barrister, had to dispose of it—he said his friend had purchased it for a lady to whom he was on the point of marriage, but he had been abroad, and from some cause the match was broken off, and he had to dispose of it—I paid him three 5l. notes I and a sovereign for it—a few days afterwards I heard of his apprehension, I communicated with the police, and gave them the dress—the officer produced to me this 5l. note (looking at it) which is one I gave the prisoner.





WILLIAM TERRY
. I am sergeant of the police at Southampton. I look the prisoner into custody on the evening of the 24th of November, at Southampton—I found on him a gold watch, a diamond ring, a mourning ring, and 12s. in silver—the next morning he was searched in my presence, and, concealed in a small bag in the shape of a heart, under his flannel shirt, there were twenty duplicates, this 5l. note, two sovereigns, and some letters—I afterwards found this certificate in a portmanteau at Mrs. Scott's, which was not locked—I know Newport well—I have made inquiries, and there is no Mrs. Hill or Hills, or Mrs. Colonel Hill, but the lady who is here—I was sent to make particular inquiries.

MRS. SCOTT. I had a portmanteau of the prisoner's—I delivered it to the officer.
(The certificate was the discharge of Joseph "Adams from the General Penitentiary, by her Majesty's free pardon, on the 15th of September, 1837, signed "John Wade, Governor.")





WILLIAM TERRY

re-examined, I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I obtained from Mr. Coles, the Clerk of the Peace of Somerset—I saw him sign it—(read.)





WILLIAM PRINCE HALL
. I am chief police-officer of Bath. I know the prisoner—I was present at his trial, in 1834, for stealing two watches and a box—he is the person named in the certificate of conviction.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you had him in your custody? A. Yes—I swear he is the same man.




GUILTY
. Aged 43.—


Transported for Fifteen Years. (There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
