



1280. 




GEORGE MORTON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
5th of June, at St. Luke, 1 bag, value 6d.; and 10s. the goods of 



Ward Slater, in his dwelling-house: and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ELIZABETH PARKER
. I am the wife of John Parker, and carry on business as a grocer, for Mr. Ward Slater, at No. 1, John's-row, in the parish of St. Luke's—Mr. Slater does not reside there himself—we live there as big servants—two families lodge in the house beside myself and husband. On the 5th of June, about ten minutes after seven o'clock in the morning, I came down stairs from my bed-room, and opened the shop door—I did not take down the shutters—I went into the parlour to make a fire, leaving the door between the parlour and shop open—while making the fire, I heard some one walk into the shop—I took no notice at first, thinking it was the milk-boy—I afterwards heard a tapping noise, as if some one was sounding a chest of tea—there was a large tea-chest there full of tea—I directly turned my head, and saw the prisoner standing on the tea-chert, with his hand on a bag of coffee that stood upon it—I saw him sounding the chest of tea, as if to see whether it was full or empty—I directly ran into the shop—he took the bag of coffee up in his arms, and ran out at the shop door—I ran after him as fast as I could, and told him to put that coffee down, it did not belong to him—he dropped it on the cill of the shop door—I stood in the middle of the pavement, and kept calling out, "Stop that man, stop that boy, that is him!"—he had not got past one shop window when I first called out—he ran very fast, and almost ran over a witness—I should think he dropped the coffee about three or four yards from where he took it up—he ran down Brick-lane, up Garden-row, and Plant-street, and up John's-row again—I called out both ways, but no one would stop him—I saw Mr. Clark—he would have caught him had I called out "Stop thief," but I had not presence of mind, I was too much frightened—this is the coffee—it is the property of Mr. Ward Slaten.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you mean to say that the prisoner took that up in his arms? A. He certainly did—it weighs 98lbs., but it stood on the tea-chest—I was not acquainted with the prisoner before—I was very much agitated.





SOPHIA ROSS
. I am the wife of James Ross, and live at No. 23, Clarence-place, St. Luke's. On the morning of the 5th of June, about twenty minutes past seven o'clock, I was coming up Brick-lane, and saw the prisoner drop a bag of coffee on the door-cill of Mr. Slater's shop—I had never seen him before, but I can swear he is the man—after dropping he ran away, past me, down Brick-lane and Garden-row.

Cross-examined. Q. He ran very fast? A. Yes, he knocked my elbow, and almost knocked me down as he passed me.





GEORGE CLARK
. I live at No. 47, Brick-lane. On the morning of the 5th of June, about twenty minutes past seven o'clock, I saw the prisoner running, about thirty or forty feet from the corner of John's-row, up to my house, which is at the corner of Garden-row—I can swear he is the man—he ran towards me, and passed within two inches of me—he turned the

corner where I was standing—I heard some one say, "That it him," but I did not know what it was about.

Cross-examined. Q. Your house is only a few doors from Mr. Slater's? A. Five doors—I did not hear Mrs. Parker call out, "Stop that man, stop that boy," or very likely I should have endeavoured to stop him—I did not see Mrs. Parker for upwards of an hour after—if she had been standing in the middle of the pavement, shouting "Stop that man," I should have seen her—he ran very fast, and considerably faster after he passed me.

COURT. Q. How long was he in sight after he passed you? A. Hardly a minute.





JAMES NEVILLE
 (police-constable G 152.) I received some information about this about half-past seven o'clock in the morning, and went after the person who was described to me—I apprehended the prisoner about half-past eight o'clock that same night, at the Pitt's Head, Old-street—I told him I wanted him on suspicion of stealing a bag of coffee—he said he would not go—we made him go, and took him to Feather-stone-street station.
(Witnesses for the Defence.)





SARAH MORTON
. I am the prisoner's mother, and live at No. 1, Cottage-lane, City-road. On Thursday morning, the 5th of June, the day on I which he was taken on this charge, he was in my house, and in his bed I when I got up at seven o'clock to prepare breakfast—I went out at half-past eight—from seven till then he was at home and in bed.

COURT. Q. Did he get up that morning? A. He got up, I believe, I at eight—a younger brother slept with him, and was in bed at the same time—I was the first up—I have a bed-room, sitting-room, and kitchen—my parlour is close to the bed-room—one opens into the other—I have only one bed-room—the prisoner and his younger brother slept there—I occupy the sitting-room—I have a husband—the prisoner was at home and in bed till half-past eight, as near as I can speak—his brother got up about the same time, for I left them at breakfast when I went out—I had my breakfast generally before them—I breakfasted that morning about a quarter to eight, with my eldest daughter—we sat down to breakfast together—only our own family live in the house—it is a cottage—there is my husband, the prisoner, and his brother, and a daughter, at present out of a situation, whom I accommodate—I make her up a bed in a little turn-up-bedstead, in the same room where I sleep—my husband was doing something about the garden that morning—being a wet morning, he did not go out early—I left him and the prisoner at breakfest together when I went out—my husband got up about half-past seven or a quarter to eight—I cannot say exactly—he was in the garden when I and my daughter were at breakfast—he had not been there many minutes—he came to his breakfast as near upon eight or a quarter after, as I can say—I left him and my two sons at breakfast when I went out, about half-past eight—my husband is a jobbing-gardener—he went out to work after I left—I met him as I came back—I had a cup of tea and some bread and butter for breakfast that morning—I did not see what my husband and sons had—I left what there was for them—I had occasion to go into the bed-room before I went out, and saw both my sons in bed—I said to the prisoner, "George, breakfast is ready"—he said, "Very well, mother, I will get up"

—I called the other up also—I awoke them—I heard of his being taken up as I was coming home from work.





ALEXANDER MORTON
. I am the prisoner's father. I remember the day on which he was taken into custody—he was in bed that morning from seven till eight o'clock—I was at home—I was not well, and was not able to go out that morning—I did not leave home before nine o'clock and he left with me at that time.

COURT. Q. Did you see him in bed? A. Yes—I slept with him, in the same bed—I remember my wife coming in and calling us, and telling us breakfast was ready—that was about seven, or a quarter past—I got up when she called me, and stopped in doors till I had my breakfast, not being well—I did not go out of the house that morning till nine o'clock—I did not go to work till twelve—it was a rainy morning—I have a small garden—I might have gone into the garden, but not for above a minute or so—I had breakfast as near eight o'clock as possible, with my wife and daughter—we had some bread and butter and tea—the prisoner was then getting up—he had his breakfast before he went out—no one breakfasted with him—he and I went out together about nine o'clock—he works with me, but I had no work for him that day, so I left him to do any job he could get hold of—I left him about ten, or between ten and eleven—my wife goes out washing and cleaning, or anything she can get employment in—I saw her as I went out to work with the prisoner—I have two other sons—one of them lives with me—he slept in the same bed as the prisoner and I—he had his breakfast much about the same time as his brother—he does not go out to work sometimes till nine o'clock, and sometimes not till the afternoon—I heard next morning of my son being taken before the Magistrate, but I did not know what it was for.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Where did your wife and daughter sleep? A. In the adjoining room—my wife went out as near nine o'clock as I can say—I am sure it was about nine—I was getting my tools to go to work.

COURT. Q. I thought you said you had no work that morning? A. I did no work till the middle of the day—I am quite sure my son did not leave the house till he left with me, between nine and ten o'clock.





MARY MORTON
. I am the prisoner's sister. I remember the day he was taken into custody—I was at home that morning—he came to bed on Wednesday night, the 4th of June, at eleven o'clock, and he was never out of the house on Thursday, the 5th of June, until half-past ten, when he went out with my father—he was not out of his bed till half-past eight—there is a clock next door—we have none—I slept in the front room with my mother—my father slept in the side room with the prisoner and his younger brother—a person cannot come out of that room without coming through ours—I got up about a quarter past seven—I was not outside the door the whole of the day.

COURT. Q. Then you were at home when your father and brother went out? A. Yes, it was about half-past ten as near as I can say, for when my mother came in she said it was about half-past ten by Mr. North's clock in the City-road, and she had met my brother in the City-road—I occupied my time before breakfast by washing a little baby—I did that in the front room—the baby sleeps with me and my mother—my mother, father, and myself breakfasted together—my two brothers were then both in bed with the baby, for the prisoner told me to bring him the baby, which I did after washing it before I had my breakfast, and he was in bed then—he staid

in bed till I had done my breakfast—they could not come out of the room without my seeing them—I went into the room after having my breakfast, and saw my brothers both in bed—they were not asleep—I told them it was very late, and begged my brother to get up—he said he would get up directly, and he got up directly afterwards—I was still in the front room, and he came out, and had his breakfast—my mother was in the room at the time—they both came to their breakfast—I cannot say how long they were at breakfast, perhaps half an hour—I think they had done their breakfast before my mother went out—I cannot exactly say—she only went out for some water across the yard—she went out to go to her work about eleven o'clock—that was after she had come in and said it was half-past ten, and after my father and brother went out—they went out, as I thought, to work—my brother carried my father's tools—I washed my younger brother's face, and sent him to work—he is fourteen years old—that was before the prisoner went out—I cannot say the time exactly—it was after nine—my father was in the room before he went out.

MR. PAYNE. Q. What was your mother about before half-past ten o'clock? A. She went out to get some soap and soda for washing—the breakfast things were left on the table after we had done, for my brother—my mother went out for the things before my brother was up—she was gone some time—my younger brother is employed at Mr. Dudley's, at the Macclesfield Arms; and I washed his face, because he should go clean, as Mr. Dudley is very particular.





WILLIAM MORTON
. On Wednesday night, the 4th of June, my brother was in bed when I came home, at twelve o'clock—we slept in the second room—we have to go through the first room to get to it—my father slept with us—I went out about half-past eight next morning—my brother had not gone out at all that morning before I went out.

COURT. Q. Where was he when you went out? A. In the front room, going to have his breakfast—I had had mine—we both got up together—I breakfasted with my brother, mother, father, and sister—we all, breakfasted together at the same time—we had bread and butter and tea—my father got up first—I was awake then, and my brother also—we were playing with the baby when my father got up—my brother got up next, before me—I work at the Macclesfield Arms—I wait there—I went out about half-past eight o'clock that morning, leaving my brother at home—I came home about twelve at night—I do not know whether my mother went out before me—my brother got up three or four minutes before me—my mother called me up, because she said I should be too late for my work—she called my brother at the same time—he got up, and I laid a little longer in bed—I remember washing myself—I cannot recollect that anybody helped me wash—I generally wash myself—I do not recollect my mother or anybody washing my face.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Did your sister sometimes wash you? A. Sometimes, and my mother sometimes washed me—I cannot recollect whether my sister washed me that morning or not.





HANNAH SQUIRES
 My husband is under-foreman at a saw-mill, and we live at No. 2, Cottage-grove, next door to the prisoner's. On the morning of the 5th of June I went into his mother's house, about half-past seven o'clock, as near as I can guess, I will not say to five minutes—I went into the room—there are but two rooms, and they join each other—I saw the prisoner in bed, and spoke to him—I saw him lying in his bed, talking to his sister's baby—I am no relation of theirs.


COURT. Q. Was anybody else in the bed besides him and the baby? A. There was a little boy laid at the side.





ANN TUCKER
. I am a milk-woman. I serve Mrs. Morton with milk—on Thursday morning, the 5th of June, I served her, between half-patt seven and eight o'clock, I cannot tell to a minute or two—I heard the prisoner at home—he was in bed—he said, "Is that you, Mrs. Tucker?"—I said, "Yes; are you not up yet?" and he called his sister to take her baby.

COURT. Q. You knew his voice? A. Yes—I am no relation of his.





HENRY LEE
 (police-constable G 177) called by the
COURT. I know the prisoner—on the morning of the 5th of June I was in York-street, City-road, about a quarter past six, and saw him standing at the end of York-street, against the City-road—I have known him nearly four years—I am sure I saw him there—I went round my beat, and saw him again at half-past six o'clock, standing at the other end of York-street, about twelve yards from the prosecutor's shop.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Was there anybody with him? A. No, nor with me.

JURY. Q. How far is the prosecutor's house from the prisoner's? A. About four or five minutes' walk.





HENRY JOSEPH SNELLING
 (police-constable G 203.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—(read—"Convicted 3rd April, 1843, of larceny, and confined six months.")—I was present at the trial—he is the person.

Prisoner. I was guilty of that charge, but am innocent of this.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

