



2628. 




JONAS FARRER
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Ann Maria Jordan, on the 
16th of Aug., at 
St. Mary-le-bone, and stealing therein 28 pairs of boots, value 25l.; 2 pairs of shoes, 1l.; 5lbs. of leather, 30s.; 24 skins of leather, 2l.; and 30 pairs of boot fronts, 2l.; the goods of 



James Tate.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES TATE
. I keep a boot and shoemaker's shop, in Great Portland-street, Mary-le-bone—Ann Maria Jordan is the housekeeper—my shop-door has a lock and a latch-key, which I keep—on the night of the 16th of Aug., I went to bed about half-past twelve; my shop-door was fastened and secure, and my boots and shoes safe in the shop—I have a boy named Holmes in my service, he came next morning, about seven o'clock, and I gave him the key; in consequence of some information he gave me, I came down, and found the shop nearly stripped—I missed about 28 pairs of boots and 2 pairs of shoes, to the value of about 40l.





ALFRED HOLMES
. I am in the prosecutor's service; it is my duty to open the shop in the morning, about half-past seven o'clock—on the morning of the 17th of Aug., I went there about half-past seven; my master threw me out the key of the shop-door, but I found it wide open, and missed things—I

told my master, who came down—I had opened the street-door with a latch-key, before I got in to see the shop.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILDE. Q. Is there more than one key to this house? A. The street-door key and the shop-door key; there is only one key to each door.





ANN MARIA JORDAN
. I am a widow, and am the housekeeper of this house in which Mr. Tate has his shop—he keeps a key of his own shop-door.





GEORGE HARRIS
. I am a general dealer, and lodge at 24, Gravel-lane, Houndsditch—on the afternoon of the 17th of Aug., between three and four o'clock, I was at Mr. Davis's coffee-house, in Castle-street, Soho, where I usually go of an afternoon, to have something to eat; and while having my dinner, the prisoner came in with a brown bag across his shoulder—I saw him speak to Mr. Davis—he then took the bag off his shoulder, put it down, took out some boots, and laid them on the table—several people came to look at them—Mr. Davis called me, and said, "George, you look at these boots, and see if they will suit"—I looked at them, and offered 6l. 9s. for them—the prisoner would not take it at first, but put them into his bag, and was going away—he returned, and let me have them at 6l. 9s.—Mr. Davis and I bought them—there were nine pairs of Wellington boots, two pairs of low boots, and one pair of shoes—Mr. Davis, I believe, asked him how he came by them—he said he had taken them of a gentleman for a bad debt—he had three or four other pairs, which he took away with him—those were old boots newly fronted—he wanted too much money for them—I had never seen him before—these are the boots I purchased; I sold them again, that same afternoon, to Mr. Streather, for 7l.

COURT. Q. Is this a common trade, purchasing things at coffee-shops? A. This is a coffee-shop where most Jew clothes-men meet after their day's labour, to buy and sell of one another, and have something to eat and drink.

Cross-examined. Q. Several other persons were there? A. Yes—I do not know Mr. Ferguson's public-house—I do not know a person named Flight or Williams—the prisoner did not say that he had the boots from another person who said he got them from a gentleman for a debt—I am sure of that—I understood him, that he had taken them himself, of a gentleman, for a bad debt—he was not addressing himself particularly to me—6l. 9s. was a fair price for them, to sell again—the best of them would not sell for above 16s. or 18s. a pair—we sold them altogether to Mr. Streather—I was taken up for selling them—I was not charged with the house-breaking.

MR. PAYNE. Q. When you were taken did you say at once who the person was that sold them to you? A. Yes, and where I got them, and in consequence of that the prisoner was taken—I could not find him at first.





GEORGE DAVIS
. I keep this coffee-shop in Castle-street, Leicester-square. On Thursday, the 17th of August, about three o'clock, the prisoner came into my shop, with a bag over his shoulder—he produced these boots, which were purchased, and afterwards sold to Mr. Streather.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know the prisoner? A. I have seen him in my shop occasionally—clothesmen come there every day, all day long—there were eight or nine persons there at this time.





JOSEPH STREATHER
. I keep a new and second-hand boot and shoe ware-house in Broad-street, Bloomsbury. On the 17th of August, about six o'clock in the evening, I bought eleven pairs of boots and one pair of shoes of Harris and Davis, for 7l.—I gave the same to Allen, the policeman.





JOHN JAMES ALLEN
 (police-constable E 159.) I received these eleven pairs of boots and one pair of shoes of Mr. Streather on the 18th of August—I

was not present at the prisoner's examination before the Magistrate—I know Mr. Greenwood's handwriting—(looking at the deposition)—these signatures are his.

Cross-examined. Q. When have you seen him write? A. Frequently, in the police-court, as I have been in the body of the court, and Mr. Greenwood on the bench, and I have received certificates and notice papers with his writing.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Have you had papers put before Mr. Greenwood for his signature? A. Frequently—I have seen him writing on those papers, which have been handed to me immediately, with his signature to them.





JOHN TALBOT
 (policeman.) I took the prisoner in charge in the coffeeshop, in Castle-street, Leicester-square—I was present when he was examined before the Magistrate—I did not hear him make a statement—these are the depositions relating to the case—there, were three examinations—the prisoner is the person who was then charged—the depositions were signed in court—I signed mine before the Magistrate—this is my signature—it was all done before the Magistrate, in open courr—after I gave my evidence, on the 24th of August, the prisoner said something, but I did not hear it—what he said was taken down by the clerk—I heard it read over to him—I did not hear him asked to sign it—he did not object to it—(read)—"On first examination, the prisoner says, 'If it is left for a day or two, I have no doubt I could produce the man I have bought them of; I bought them publicly, and sold them publicly; I sold the boots; there were thirteen pairs; they were chiefly old boots; whether they were the boots that are missing I cannot say.'" "On the 24th of August, the prisoner says, 'I can bring proof that I was in bed long before the hour this gentleman (Mr. Tate) names, and was not up till half-past eight o'clock the next morning.' Taken before me, J. B. Greenwood." "On the last occasion, the prisoner says nothing."

MR. WILDE
called






GEORGE HUNT
. I am a tailor. On Thursday, the 17th of August, between two and three o'clock, I was at Mr. Ferguson's public-house—the prisoner and two or three others were there—I do not know persons named Hubbard or Flight by name—I know one Williams—on the 17th of August, between two and three o'clock, I saw Williams, who has a hare-lip, and another person, come into Mr. Ferguson's, with a dark canvass bag with some boots—Williams addressed the prisoner, and said, "How do you do? I have got some goods here that will just suit you; you can get a crown by them"—the prisoner said, "Let me look at them"—they were in conversation about five minutes—I did not hear what they said—the prisoner then took the bag out of the room in which we were sitting—he returned in a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes.

COURT. Q. Did he buy it, or what? A. He produced some money, I suppose, between five and six sovereigns, and some silver, I do not know to what amount, and gave it to Williams and the other—they put out of the bag about ten or a dozen pairs of boots, and a couple of pairs of shoes, or so, I do not know exactly—I did not take particular notice—there was a great deal of wangling between them, about the price, I suppose—I cannot exactly remember what was said—they must have come to some agreement before the prisoner took them out, but it was in so low a tone I could not comprehend what was said-—they could not agree at first—it was a wrangling set-out altogether, apparently about the price—I did not hear any price named—the prisoner examined the boots, and the wrangling began after that—I did not listen to it, as I was not an interested party—they were at high words—I do not mean exactly high words, but shaking their heads, and differing apparently

about the price—they whispered to themselves, and wrangled between them selves—I might have heard what they said at the moment, but do not recollect it now—I looked at the boots, but did not take them into my hand—they were black boots, the Wellingtons were—the others were Oxonians, as far as I could see, with lace-up fronts—I cannot say whether the fronts and legs were the same leather—I did not notice them—I only noticed that they were boots—I have never seen Williams since—I do not know his companice—I am a tailor, and live at No. 4, Mercer-streer, Long-acre.

MR. PAYNE. Q. When did they first find you out? A. On the Monday following—I was in the public-house, and heard that this man was in custody—I heard the parties who frequent the public-house in Cranbourne-court talking about it—I did not go before the Magistrate—knowing Mr. Small, wood, the prisoner's attorney, and being in the habit of going to bis office, I went to him—I told him what I had seen respecting those boots—this was on the Monday following the Thursday—I did not know when the prisoner went before the Magistrate—I heard that the prisoner had been taken up on suspicion of this burglary—Mr. Small wood did not ask me to go and speak for him.

MR. WILDE. Q. Do you know Davis's eoffee-house? A. I do net; I know there is a coffee-house near Mr. Ferguson's—the prisoner is no friend of mine—I have made two pairs of trowsers and a waistcoat for him, and he has paid me honourably—I have known him about six months—I became acquainted with him through visiting that public-house—I do not know that the police are looking for Williams.

COURT. Q. Is Ferguson here? A. No—there were two or three persons in the house that afternoon; but they were perfect strangers to me, except Williams; the other person I had seen in the house at times; there is a servant, who sometimes serves in the bar, and Mr. and Mrs. Ferguson—none of them are here—I believe the prisoner resides there—I generally go there, from half-past eight till ten, to smoke my pipe—I generally see him there—I cannot say whether the landlord or landlady were there on the afternoon is question; the servant was there—they had no refreshment while they were bargaining about the boots, not any of them, except the prisoner, who had a glass of ale; this occurred in the parlour, which is at the back of the bar—the landlord and landlady could not see who was there; they would know the prisoner was there, of course—they did not come into the room—you have to pass the bar to get to the parlour—I do not know whether Williams was a common customer there—he has come in there occasionally—I have seen him there several times.





GEORGE DAVIS

re-examined. My coffee-house is nearly opposite Ferguson's public-house.




GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Ten Years.

