



39. 




WILLIAM LONG



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Samuel Wright, and stealing 1 handkerchief, 1 coat, 1 cap, and 1 pair of spectacles, value 14s., his goods; and 1 coat, and other articles, value 2l. 7s.; the goods of 



George Wright: having been before convicted.






SOPHIA WRIGHT
. I am the wife of Samuel Wright, of Union-buildings, Hackney-road, in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch; it is his dwelling-house. On the night of 2d Oct., I went to bed at eleven o'clock—I was the last person up, I left the house secure—I am not certain that the kitchen window was fastened, but I am certain it was shut, it goes very hard—when I got up in the morning I found that the window was broken, it is a leaden casement—I found the lead pushed out just against the fastening, enough to get a hand in—I missed from the front room two coats, a hat, a silk handkerchief, and a pair of silk gloves—from the kitchen I missed a pair of boots, a shirt front, a cap, a pair of spectacles, and a silk handkerchief—I had seen them all safe on the Sunday night, except one silk handkerchief, which I put in the basket on the Saturday night—I know the prisoner by sight, he lives at Mr. Longstaff's, whose house is at the back of ours—I know this coat (produced), it is my son George's—this other coat is my husband's, and these spectacles also—I am certain they were safe in the house the night before.





THOMAS ZINZAN
 (policeman, N 67). On the morning of 11th Nov., in consequence of some information, I went to the house of Mr. Longstaff—I saw the prisoner there, and took him into custody—I told him it was for breaking into Mr. Wright's house, and stealing two coats, a hat, and spectacles—he said he did not do it all himself, but he had taken the things in at the window—Mr. Longstaff handed me, in the prisoner's presence, two coats and a hat, he told me he found them in his box—Mr. Longstaff pointed out a box to me—I asked the prisoner if that was his box—he said, "Yes"—I opened it, and found in it this pair of spectacles—I had previously been to the prosecutor's premises and saw footsteps, and some flowers broken down in Mr. Longstaffs garden.

Prisoner's Defence. After my work I went out for a walk; I went into a beer-shop, and got into conversation with a young man; he came out with me, and said he thought he knew my face; he said, I am going to leave my lodging, and should like to get somebody to mind my things for a day or two; he brought them, and I took them in at the window; he said he would come and take them away, out I have never seen him since.





SAMUEL WRIGHT
 (policeman, P 172). I produce a certifícate—(read—William



Long convicted Feb., 1845, of larceny from the person—confined six months)—I was present at the trial, the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years
,
