




1639. 




WILLIAM BRACE
 and 



MARY ANN BOULTON
 were indicted for

feloniously assaulting 



Jane Lucas, on the 
10th of April, putting her in fear and danger of her life, and taking from her person, and against her will, 1 bonnet, value 1s., and 1 shawl, value 1s.; and beating and striking her, before, at the time, and after the said robbery; and that they had both been previously convicted of felony.






JANE LUCAS
. I live at Blue Anchor-court, Brook-street, Ratcliffe. On the night of the 10th of May I was in Brook-street, returning home to my father's, and saw the prisoners there—I had a shawl round my neck—the prisoners appeared to be quarrelling—as I passed, Boulton made a

snatch at my shawl to pull it off my neck—I asked her what she meant by molesting me in that sort of manner—I crossed the road—she followed me, struck, and knocked me down with one hand, and took my bonnet and shawl with the other—Brace came up, and inquired what was the matter, struck me, and was in the act of repeating the blow, when Boulton pulled him away—I was on the flag-stone at the time, on the ground—I recovered a little, and told Boulton I should give her into custody as soon as I could meet with a policeman—she did not strike me again—the blow she gave me was in the mouth and made it bleed—I was in the company of a young man at the time—he did not resist them—Boulton took my bonnet and shawl across the road into her own house—they both went together—I got a policeman, and gave them in charge—the bonnet and shawl produced are mine—I never saw the prisoners before to my knowledge.





HENRY GOULD
 (police-constable K 19.) I went with the prosecutrix to No. 73, Brook-street, and found the prisoners there—she complained of the prisoners taking her shawl and bonnet, which I found in the room the prisoners were in—they both denied the charge.

Brace. I was quite intoxicated. Witness. They had been drinking, but were quite capable of knowing what they were about.





WILLIAM TAPLIN
 (police-constable K 234.) On the night of the 10th of May, about half an hour before this, I saw the prisoners together in Brook-street—they were the worse for liquor, but quite sensible, and knew what they were about.

Brace. Q. You know we were very much in liquor? A. You had been drinking freely—it was about half-past twelve o'clock the night this happened.

JURY. Q. Was he recovered from the drink? A. When he was taken into custody he was so far recovered as to be able to stand up and put his handkerchief and things on properly, and I spoke to both of them about the things—he was more in liquor when I first saw him—both said they knew nothing of them—they understood my question quite well.

Brace's Defence. I knew nothing about it more than a child; when I was in the station in the morning I asked two or three persons what I was there for; I then said to the woman, "What are we here for?" she said, "About a bonnet and shawl;" I know nothing about it, and have no recollection whatever of coming to the house, I knew nothing about it till I found myself in the station; the policeman had to hold me while I went up the stairs of the station; I dare say they insulted us as much as we insulted them.





HENRY GOULD

re-examined. I produce a certificate of the prisoners' former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoners are the persons, but their names are different—I have seen them nearly every night since they have been out of prison, patrolling the streets.

BRACE—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.

BOULTON—


GUILTY
.




Transported for Fifteen Years.

