



1641. 




GRIFF GRIFFITHS
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 set of brass castors, value 10s.; the goods of 



William Bell, his master: and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM FULLER
 (police-constable P 190.) On the 4th of Aug. I took the prisoner into custody by direction of Mr. Mann, at Peckham—I searched him, and found on him this duplicate for a set of castors—I heard him say that the castors were his own.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. Was there a duplicate for a pair of boots found? A. Yes—he said the boots were his own, and the castors as well, to the best of my belief—I recollected before the Magistrate that the prisoner said the castors were his own.





GEORGE LAWS
. I am in the service of Mr. Attenborough, a pawn-broker, in Crown-street. These four castors were pawned on the 29th of May—this duplicate produced by the officer is the one I gave to the party who pawned them—I have no recollection who it was.





WILLIAM BELL
. I am a cabinet-maker, and live in Great Winchester-street, Old Broad-street. The prisoner came into my service in the early part of April—I sent him to work at Mr. Mann's, at Peckham—he wai there several days—I was present when he was taken into custody at Peckham, by Mr. Mann's direction—I saw this duplicate found on hia being searched at the station—I know these castors—I cannot say when I had them, but after this discovery I missed them—I am certain they are mine—the prisoner had an opportunity of taking them.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you have many castors? A. Yes—I do not put a mark on them—I got this set from the patentee—I have sometimes twenty sets in a year, but this is unusually large and heavy.





THOMAS BURGIN
. I am in the prosecutor's service. These are such castors as he had in his stock, and this paper in which they were found at the pawnbroker's is marked by the prisoner—here is his handwriting on it—I remember these castors—they are one inch and three-quarter sockets—the prisoner marked this paper in my presence, and I marked it afterwards, because it was not done plain.

Cross-examined. Q. Is your mark on it? A. No—I put a mark on a bit of card—this is the prisoner's writing—I saw him mark it about April—these castors have been put on a table, and taken off again.






HENRY TURPIN
 (police-constable G 119.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—I was present at the trial—he is the person spoken of in this certificate—(read—Convicted 5th of Feb., 1844, and confined nine months.)




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

