




2000. 




WILLIAM BECKWITH
 and 



HARRIET FOOT
 were indicted for

 feloniously and falsely making and counterfeiting two counterfeit sixpences.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
ESPINASSE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM PENNY
. I am inspector of the D division of police. On Saturday, the 17th of July, about nine o'clock in the evening I went to No. 9, Plumtree-court, Shoe-lane, with Fink, Farrow, and Humphries, police-constables—the street-door was open—I went to the front room, second floor—the room-door was fastened by a small table being against it—I forced it open, went in, and the prisoners were there—Beckwith was sitting on a chair in front of a clear fire, with nothing on but his trowsers—he had no shirt on—he had what appeared to be a white mould in his left hand, made of plaster of Paris—immediately that I went in he threw it on the floor, jumped on it, and broke it into several pieces, then laid hold of an iron spoon which was between the bars of the fire, the bowl of which was red hot and full of white metal in a fluid state, he threw the contents all about the floor, and at the same time, with the other hand, swept a quantity of counterfeit sixpences off the table—part of the metal which was thrown from the spoon was picked up—I took up nine sixpences myself, two of them quite hot—I picked up several pieces of the plaster of Paris which he threw down, but they had no impression on them—the prisoner Foot was standing up, with her gown off, washing at the table—she cried out, "You b—r, Jack, you b—y b—, you have sold us, but we will tell, you b—, where you make"—she said this to several prostitutes, who were at the door, which was open—there was no man there—Jack is a man they know among themselves—Beckwith made use of similar language several times, saying, "It is that b—y b—r, Jack, that has sold us."

Beckwith. I was standing up when you came in, did you find the spoon in the fire? Witness. No, you pulled it out.






JOHN FINK
. I am a policeman. I went with Penny—I entered the room at the same time as him, and saw Beckwith sitting in a chair in front of a very clear fire, about three feet from it—he had something white in his left hand, which he threw down, jumped on it, and broke it into several pieces—I laid hold of him—at the same time he took from between the bars of the grate an iron spoon with metal in a fluid state, and threw it up, the contents of which I took off the floor, and at the same time he swept off the table a quantity of counterfeit sixpences with his hand—he was sitting between the table and fire-place—I afterwards picked up some of the fragments of what he threw down—two of them have letters on them—I produce a counterfeit sixpence, and part of a get, separated from a sixpence, I have a sixpence which it fits—I took up the sixpence myself—it was quite hot, and so was the get—I picked up some of the white metal which he threw from the spoon, and produce it—I searched him, and found a knife in his trowsers' pocket—it has some white spots on it similar to plaster-of-Paris—when I entered the room, Foot was standing at a small table, washing—it was the same table as the sixpences were on—the tub was at one end, and the sixpences at the other—Foot said it was that Jack had sold them, and she would sell him, for she knew where he made them—Beckwith used similar expressions—they were both taken into custody.





BENJAMIN FARROW
. I am a policeman. I went with the others officers to the prisoner's lodging—I produce a spoon—the bowl seems to be bent up for the purpose of pouring the metal out—it was quite hot when I took it up—I was obliged to drop it—I produce some white metal which I found quite hot on the floor, and a counterfeit sixpence, which was hot—a pair of scissors, a file, and part of a Britannia metal spoon.





DANIEL HUMPHRIES
. I am a policeman. I went with the officers and searched a cupboard in the prisoner's room, and found some plaster-of-Paris in powder—I found a counterfeit sixpence on the floor close to the fire.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of counterfeit coin to the Mint. These pieces of plaster-of-Paris are fragments of a mould—I have examined them with a glass—here are two small pieces, which I believe to have formed part of a mould for casting sixpences—on one of them is a small portion of the wreath, on the reverse side of a sixpence—on the other piece there is still apparent some of the letters which I believe to have formed part of the legend of the obverse side—there is the letter A, which I believe ends Victoria, and "Dei"—here are some other pieces without impressions—here are almost sufficient to produce a mould—here is part of a Britannia metal spoon, similar to the metal counterfeit coins are generally made of—here is some small portions of the same metal, and a lump of metal, termed a get, which fills up the channel in the mould where it is poured down—it appears to have been broken off the coin, not cuthere are twelve sixpences, all counterfeit, which have all been cast in one mould, and are all Britannia metal, similar to the spoon—I cannot say which sixpence the get was broken from—here are scissors, a knife, and file, which are useful in coining—the file appears to have white metal in the teeth—it is usually applied to remove the surplus metal from the edge—here is plaster-of-Paris in powder—this iron spoon appears to have had fused metal in it—it is doubled up at the top to conduct the metal into the small channel.





WILLIAM PENNY

re-examined. Some of the parts of the mould were left behind, being reduced to powder.


Beckwittis Defence. I got up about ten o'clock on Saturday morning, and was at breakfast, when a young man came into my room, called Jack—his name is John Edmonds—he had breakfast with us, left, and came back in about half an hour—we got talking—he asked if I was not at work—I said I could not raise money enough to go to work—he went away, brought some moulds and things in a handkerchief, and left them in the room—this young woman was in the room—I said, "Jack, what are these for?"—he said "There is no harm, let them be till I come back"—he said he should be about a quarter of an hour—I undid the handkerchief, and turned them out on the table—there were spoons and things, and I tried the experiment on them myself—just as I was doing that the policeman rushed in and took them away—I am quite innocent of knowing what they were at the time.

Foot's Defence. On Saturday morning, about ten o'clock, I was at breakfast with Beckwith, a young man came in, who he called John—he sat down and had breakfast—he got up and said, "I will come back in three or four hours"—I began to wash after he was gone, and about half-past three o'clock I was in the room, hanging clothes up—John came in and said, "I shall be back again in a quarter of an hour"—Penny and the officers came in.





ANN IVERS
. The prisoners lodged together at my house—Foot took the room—I did not sec the male prisoner for two or three days—I know nothing of their general character—I did'not see a young man come in that morning.

BECKWITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

FOOT—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Justice Coleridge.

