



1531. 




WILLIAM CARNELL
 was indicted

 for stealing 70 sovereigns and 4 10l. notes, the property of 



James Power.






JAMES POWER
, carpenter, Brenchley, Kent. On the 11th of Jan. I came to London to receive some money—I called on a Mr. Braham, who told me to call again at four o'clock—I went to a beer-shop—the prisoner came there in about five minutes—I told him where I had got to call at four o'clock—he said he had got some business to do at half-past three, and we might as well spend our time together till then—we went round to Charing-cross, and to a beer-shop there, and saw a man named Jones, who said if any man could show him money like his, he would give them 10l. to carry to the poor of the parish, but he would not give it except they could show money like his—we then went to a public-house—a pot of beer was called for—the prisoner pulled out a note, and showed it to Jones—he said to me, "Pull out your money"—I said I had only got 6s. or 7s.—I showed them that, and at four o'clock I went back with them to Chancery-lane—we went into a public-house, and had a pot of beer—the prisoner went out for a short time, and when he came back I went to Mr. Braham, and received a check—when I came back the prisoner said, "You can convince the squire," and I showed them the check—Jones said, "That is not gold and notes like mine"—we then went over Blackfriars-bridge to a public-honse, had a pot of beer, and then to the Half Moon, in the Borough, and had a pot of beer there—Jones then left us, and said he must go and tell his lawyer where he was going to be till nine o'clock—the prisoner was there then—Jones came back, and spent the evening till near nine o'clock—he then left, and gave the prisoner 6d. for us to spend in

supper—at nine o'clock in the morning of the 12th, Jones came to the Half Moon, and met us—he came up Union-street, and promised to meet us over the bridge—the prisoner and I came on, and I received the money for my check at the Bank, in seventy sovereigns and four 10l. notes—we went over the bridge again, and met Jones—we all went into a beer-shop—I had) my money with me—when I went there the prisoner said, "Now you can convince the squire"—I pulled out my money in a bag—the prisoner and Jones were present—I showed them the money, the notes and gold together—Jones said, "Put it up, that will do," and I put it into my pocket again—we staid in that place an hour, then left the beer-shop, and went to the Crown—we were there about twenty minutes—when we were in there the prisoner said, "You carry your money very careless, Mr. Jones, put it into your watch pocket"—and he said to me, "You secure your money better"—I put my money on the table—I saw Jones put down this paper on my bag—he said, "Here is somebody coming, put it away"—I took it up in the paper, as I thought, and put it into my pocket—it was about the same weight as my bag of money—it was nearly noon when I put it into my pocket at the Crown—we all went out of the public-house together about twelve o'clock—after we went out Jones said he had left his stick in the public-house, he wished I would run back and fetch it, and they would wait there—I went, and when I came back they were gone—I waited about some time looking for them, and then took the train and returned home to Brenchley—I had not spoken to any one else, and when I pulled it out about eight o'clock at night I found I had got 2s.4d. in copper in the paper, and the bag and my money was gone—I am quite sure my gold and notes were in my bag when I put it on the table at the Crown—on the night of the 11th I slept at the Half Moon, and the prisoner slept in the same bed with me—I did not know him before.

Prisoner. Q. Did you tell your wife you lost the money on the railway? A. They asked me whether I was crowded on the railway—I said, "No, I was not."





ANN BENSON
. I am servant to Mr. Goodwin, of the Crown, at Dulwich. In Jan. last I was servant at the Half Moon—I remember the prisoner and another man being there—I cannot say whether it was the prosecutor.

Prisoner. Q. When was it you saw me? A. The 11th of Jan.—I swore to you before the Magistrate, but not to the prosecutor—I said your bed was 9d., and you gave it me.





JOHN CARPENTER
. I am waiter at the Half Moon. I saw the prisoner in Jan. in the parlour with two persons—I could not identify either of them.





EDWARD LANGLY
 (police-sergeant A 11.) I took the prisoner on the 8th of March—I told him he must consider himself in my custody—he said, "I hope to God you are not going to settle me"—I said he must be cautious what he said, as I took him on suspicion of that robbery of 110l.—he said no more.




GUILTY
. Aged 48.—


Transported for Seven Years.

