



1500. 




HENRY WILTON
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



James Dixon, on the 
13th of May, putting him in fear, and taking from hi" person, and against his will, 1 watch, value 8l.; 1 watch-chain, value 8.; and 1 watch-key, value 1s.; his goods.






JAMES DIXON
. I am a sailor, and belonged to the Phenix. On the 13th of May I was at a public-house near the Tower—I met the prisoner and another soldier there named Davis—Davis was in the public-house before me, and the prisoner came in after me—I had not known either of them before—we sat down and drank together—we remained there about half an hour—I had a watch, a chain, and a key in my waistcoat pocket, and a guard round my neck—I was perfectly sober—while I was there I took out my watch to see the time—we left the public-house together, and Davis made some observation, and said, "We will go into the Tower," and we went in—Davis said he could show me the battlements, and he could show me the crown, but it was too late—we went into the Chain tavern in the Tower, and were there half-an-hour—the prisoner and I then, came out, and left Davis there—I told the prisoner I wished to go home—he said I should not, I should go in again—I said I would not—he pulled me by the arm, and said I must, and as he pulled me by the arm, he pulled my watch out of my pocket—he took it by force, pulled it, and broke it off by the swivel, and ran off—I ran after him—he ran up a stair-case, and it was so dark I could not see him—I went to the sergeant—we went to the canteen, and found the prisoner—I have no doubt that he is the man—he said, "Was it me?" and said he had not seen me, or something to that effect—I said, "Yes, it was you"—I was not then perfectly sober, but knew what I was about quite well—I went home, leaving the prisoner at the door of the public-house—I went next morning to the sergeant-major, and told him about it—I swear the prisoner is the person—I do not recollect that 1 ever told any body that he was not the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Where do you come from? A. The North of Scotland—I came here about three weeks ago—my watch was a silver hunter—I have never seen it since—I had not been in any public-house before I met with the prisoners, and had had nothing to drink—I had half-and-half to drink—I had a pint myself first, and then we had a pot or two; I believe we had two or three pots—there were no other soldiers there—when we went to the other public-house we had a pot between us three, I think that was all—I will not swear we had cot more—it was about twenty minutes after my watch was taken that I saw the prisoner at the Canteen—it was about nine o'clock at night—I had never seen him before I drank with him—I cannot be mistaken about this affair—I have never been mistaken about the man who did it—I never charged another man—I never said that Davies did it—he was charged with having a hand in it.


COURT. Q. When you first saw the prisoner in the public-house, how was he dressed? A. He had his regimentals and his side-belt, and when I saw him again he had a white jacket on, and a leather cap.





JANE HAWKINS
. My husband is a soldier in the 2nd battalion of Scotch Fusileer Guards, on duty at the Tower—the prisoner belongs to that regiment, and lives up the same passage that I do in the Tower. On the evening of the 13th of May I saw the prisoner run up stairs—he had his regimentals and a foraging-cap on—the gentleman who lost his watch was running after him—he fell down, and then went away—the prisoner came down soon afterwards with a white jacket, and a small leather cap on.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know where he changed his dress? A. No—I do not know his room—I knew him very well by sight, but I did not know his name.





SAMUEL COX
. I belong to the same regiment. On the 13th of May the prisoner came into the room where I was, about nine o'clock at night—he came in in regimentals, and seemed to be out of breath—he remained in the room about five minutes—he pulled off his side-belt and his red jacket, and put on a white jacket and a cap—it was not his own dress—he then went down stairs—he went into hs own room, and I saw no more of him.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see him do any thing with the watch? A. No—he did not seem to be drunk.





RICHARD SMITH
. I am a sergeant of the 3rd Regiment of Guards, and was doing duty with the company to which the prisoner belongs. On the 13th of May the prosecutor told me he had lost a watch, and Mrs. Hawkins told me what she had seen—I took the prisoner into custody—he denied having seen the prosecutor, or being in his company—the prosecutor said, in his presence, that it was him—the prisoner said, "Me! I have not seen you before, nor been in your company"—he told me the next morning that he had been in his company.

Cross-examined. Q. How long has he been in the regiment? A. I cannot say—he has not borne a very good character.





MURDOCH M'KAY
. I was sentry at the public-house. I saw the prisoner and the prosecutor come out—the prosecutor seemed to be the worse for liquor—the prisoner took him into the water-closet, and I heard the prisoner say he would loosen something about him, but I cannot say what it was, and the prosecutor would not allow it—they then came out of the water-closet—the prisoner wanted the prosecutor to go into the public-house again, but he wanted to go home—the prisoner took him towards the public-house, and they stood at the door some time—I then saw the prisoner run through the archway, and the prosecutor after him—they ran towards the barracks—the prosecutor afterwards came back and said his watch was stolen—I advised him to go to the public-house.

Prisoner. The prosecutor was brought into the canteen, to see if I was the man, and he said, "No"—here are two men here who know it.

Witnesses for the Defence.






JOHN LAY
. I am a private in the Scotch Fusileer Guards. I was in company with the prosecutor at the Ship and Sailor public-house, in Rosemary-lane, about half-past three o'clock in the afternoon, on Wednesday, the 13th of May—I was in their company when they were drinking—I was there when the prosecutor and the prisoner went out—I remained behind—I saw the prisoner again in about twenty minutes—he came to a public-house in the Tower—he was then dressed in a white jacket—the prosecutor

came there in about twenty-five minutes—he asked me if I was not drinking with him—I said I was—he said he had lost a watch—the prisoner said to him, "Am I the man?"—he said, "No"—there were several persons in the room, and one of them is here who heard it—I remained there a little longer, and was called out by the serjeant-major, who told us to go home and go to bed—he told the prosecutor to go home, and if there was any thing wrong to come in the morning.

COURT. Q. Then they were drinking together, were they? A. Yes—I did not think it odd that the prisoner should say to him, "Am I the man"—I might as well have asked it, as I was drinking with them—I cannot say whether the prosecutor lost a watch at all—I did not rob him—there were five or six soldiers and five or six girls drinking in the first public-house—it is generally the case, when we go into barracks in the evening, to put off our red jacket, and put on a white one.





WILLIAM MARCHANT
. I was in the public-house that evening, when the prosecutor came and said he had lost his watch—he asked Lay and Wilton if they had not been drinking with him—Wilton asked if he was the man that robbed him, and he said, "No."




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.
