



1802. 




HENRY SHEEN, alias
 Catmur

, was indicted

 for feloniously forging and uttering a request for the delivery of 2 reams of paper, with intent to defraud 



Richard Knight and another.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






ALFRED KNIGHT
. I am the father of Richard and Alfred Knight, who carry on business as stationers in Budge-row, Watling-street—I resigned the business to them a few years ago—I occasionally go to assist them—I was there on the 23rd of May, and saw the prisoner there—he handed to me this order—(read—"Sir, I am very much disappointed at your

not sending me my order, and hoping that you will by bearer the small hand, two reams of double crown to weigh 2lbs. each, and when you send me the boards send in the bill, and I will pay for them, and I have sent a little account by the bearer. Please send in the boards as soon as possible, as I am in want of them for work that must go in directly, as it is a country order. I am, sir, for H. Catmur, No. 8, Hollybush-row, Bethnal-green-road")—when I read it I asked him who Mr. Catmur was—he said, Mr. Catmur was a very respectable man—I said, "Why does he apply to us? Who has he been accustomed to have his paper of? or, where does he have his paper?"—he mentioned Messrs. Morgan and others—I said, "Who does he work for?"—he mentioned Mr. Tegg, the extensive bookseller, in Cheapside, and some other persons—he represented Mr. Catmur as a bookbinder—I asked why he did not continue to buy the paper where they had been accustomed, particularly Messrs. Morgan, who, I thought, would supply them with verything they wanted—he said, Mr. Catmur had been so much disappointed that he was losing his customers for want of getting his goods in proper time—I asked how long he had been in the service of Mr. Catmur—he said not a great while, not many months—upon this I gave orders for him to have the paper—I saw it delivered to him, and a boy who was with him at the time assisting him—eight reams were delivered to him, worth 2l. 3s.—I never got the money for it—I made inquiries afterwards, and he was taken into custody.

Prisoner, The first order I gave was sent to my own house in Holly-bush-lane, and I called next morning and paid for it; he is mistaken about my representing myself as working for Mr. Catmur. Witness. I am sure he did so—he did pay for the first order—it was done as a decoy.





HENRY CATMUR
 I am the prisoner's father. I live at No. 164, Bethnal-green-road, and have done so fifty years—I never lived in Hollybush-row—this request is not in my handwriting, neither the name nor the body of it—I never authorized anybody to write it for me—I do not know whose handwriting it is—I have an opinion that it is like the writing of my unfortunate son—I cannot deny it—I have seen him write frequently—I think it is his handwriting—I never authorized him to write it—I did not get the paper, and never heard anything about it till after this transaction—I am a bookbinder—I work for Mr. Tegg—I have bought paper of Messrs. Morgan—they very seldom disappointed me, nothing worthy of remark—I have not changed in consequence—the prisoner has frequently been in my employment, but only occasionally, up to last Jan,—he was not in my employment in May last—he had left me—I knew he was gone to Holly bush-gardens or row—I knew he was carrying on business there, but I have never been to the house.

MR. KNIGHT
re-examined. The prisoner represented that the paper was for Mr. Catmur—he did not say for his father—he represented himself as the workman of Mr. Catmur, who had worked for Mr. Tegg about fifteen years, and the prisoner being a young man, of course we did not consider him as that person—he brought the order as from Mr. Catmur, and said Mr. Catmur had desired him to refer to Mr. Tegg and Messrs. Morgan—I afterwards learnt from Mr. Tegg that Mr. Catmur had another workshop away from his place of residence—that did not influence us with respect to this order—it did afterwards—we did not apply to Mr. Tegg on the first occasion.


Prisoner. That order was a request sent by my boy; he is not here. Witness. I think there was a lad with him; but I am not quite certain as to that time—he came into the counting-house, and I then had the conversation with him which I have related—we made no inquiry at that time—he gave me the account before he had the goods—I did not supply him on the prior occasion—it was a small lot sent down on the preceding day to his place in Bethnal-green-road somewhere—he called to pay for that, and said Mr. Cutmur wished these goods to be delivered, as they were wanted for immediate use—the prisoner did not say who was the writer of this paper—he said Mr. Catmur was his employer, and that he had worked for him two months—I suppose he brought the note sealed—there is sealing-wax on it—it must have come sealed—I opened the note—he brought it as though from another person, and when he presented it to me, he brought 1l. 10s., and told me Mr. Catmur had sent it for some goods which had been left at the house the day before—I asked him, as the workman of Mr. Catmur, who Mr. Catmur was—he quite gave me to understand he was describing the person whose signature was to this note—I let him have the goods, believing they were for the person he was describing—he got the goods by the representations of who sent him, and who the person was—I believed I was supplying the goods to the person he described, Mr. Catmur.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoner, who has been previously convicted of robbing his father.)
