




312. 




EDWARD MOORE
 and 




HENRY CLARE
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 purse, value 6d.; 6 shillings; and 3 ducats, value 36s.; the property of 



Martha Varley, from her person.






MARTHA VARLEY
. I live in Edward-square, Kensington. On the 2nd of Dec. I was in an omnibus—when I got in I had a purse containing three foreign Danish gold coins, which I have had forty years, and six shillings—I received information from Clark—I found my purse, silver, and gold coins gone, my right pocket cut in two places, and part of my dress—this is my purse, and these are my coins.





CHRISTOPHER CLARK
. I am part proprietor of an omnibus which plies to

the Black wall Railway. I was acting as conductor to an omnibus on the 2nd of Dec.—the prosecutrix sat on the off side, next the door—the prisoner clare and a lady were opposite—Clare was nearest the door—Moore was next to the prosecutrix—as Moore had got in at Regent-circus he walked up the side of the buss to see who was in it—he got in—we proceeded a little further, and Clare hailed me, and he said I did not look out—I put him in, and made a remark that I thought they were bad characters, as I had had a lady robbed in my buss a fortnight before—another lady got in, who got out again at Windmill-street, and I observed her dress was disordered—she had sat near Moore—the prosecutrix then got in, and during that time Moore shifted up to the end of the omnibus, but afterwards found his way down to her—we proceeded along—I picked up one or two more persons—we went to Temple-bar, and the prosecutrix desired me to put her down in Fleet-street—before we got to Chancery-lane Clare said he would alight—I said, "Very well"—Moore said he would get out, he had but little further to go, and would not trouble me to stop again—the prisoners did not appear to know each other—directly they got out I collared one with my right hand, and the other with my left, and Moore said to Clare, "Take it, take it, you d—d fool"—I asked the prosecutrix if she had been robbed—she at first said no—I said, "Be particular; if you are not robbed I am doing very wrong"—she felt in her pocket and said her purse was gone—I saw Moore's hand pass towards Clare's—I was obliged to release Moore then, because they both struggled very much, and Moore got away; Clare I held very tight—he kicked, and jumped, and did all he could to get away—I held him, hallooed, "Stop thief," and Moore was caught—Moore dropped the purse when he was taken, on the other side of Fleet-street—I took Clare to the station, and saw the purse brought in afterwards—the prosecutrix was sent for, and identified it—the scuffle took place between Temple-bar and the Temple-archway.

cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Has your fortune been increased by this? A. No—some gentleman sent me a 5l. note, I do not know who; it was some nobleman, Mr. Alderman Farebrother told me—I never heard of it till the Magistrate told me—I did not see any policeman who was sent to fetch me—I did not object to go before the Magistrate—I told the Magistrate I had been riding a young horse, that he threw me, and I was forced to change my clothes before I could come—when I went into the Court one of the reporters said, "There is a 5l. note for you; you were likely to loss it because of not being here."

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Moore got in some distance before Clare? A. Yes—I never saw them before—I did not see any communication between them till Moore said, "Take this, you d——d fool"—there was a lady and two or three more gentlemen in the omnibus—I had not mistaken them for the swell mob—Clare dragged me back into the omnibus when I laid hold of him—I did not hear him say he would go and ask the lady—I am sure Moore did not address that expression to me, because he pasted his hand close by me to Clare.





JOHN SUTHERLAND
 (police-constable K 372.) About half-past two o'clock I was in Fleet-street, and heard a cry of "Stop thief," nearly opposite Chancery-lane—I turned and saw a person struggling with Moore, who had a cloak on—I opened it, and saw this purse drop from a fold in it—it was between Chancery-lane and the Temple archway—the purse was picked up, and given to Cooper.





WILLIAM COOPER
 (inspector N.) I produce this purse.
William Harvey, butcher, Cromer-street, gave Clare a good character.

MOORE—


GUILTY
. Aged 33.

CLARE—


GUILTY
. Aged 43.




Transported for Ten Years.

