



311. 




JOHN AXFORD
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Joseph Henry Jewell, on the 
81st of Dec, at 
St. Pancras, and stealing therein, 1 gown, value 10s.; 1 mantle, 3s.; 2 sheets, 5s.; 3 waistcoats, 6s.; 3 pieces of bed furniture, 10s.; 2 pairs of stockings, 1s.; 3 night-caps, 6d.; 2 handkerchiefs, 1s.; 1 flageolet, 10s.; 1 pair of trowsers, 10s.; and 1 watch, 20s.; his property.






ANN JEWELL
. I am the wife of Joseph Henry Jewell, who lives in Alfred-street, Tottenham-court-road, in the parish of St. Pancras—he is the housekeeper. At half-past seven o'clock in the evening of the 81st of Dec. my brother came to see me, and I was showing him over the house—I showed him into the front parlour—when I came to the back parlour I could not open it—I pulled it a second time, and got in—I found the prisoner there standing by the side of the door—he was holding the handle of the door till I opened it, and then he stood quite still—I said, "You villain, what do you do in my room?"—he begged for forgiveness, and said it was the first time he had ever done anything—my brother seized him, and said to me, "Look at your drawers, they are all open, and that black bag is half filled"—I saw a black bag on the floor, and my brother held the prisoner till the policeman came—we then took the prisoner and the bag into the front parlour—I saw taken out of it a dress, a mantle, two shirts, three waistcoats, some bed furniture, some stockings, two handkerchiefs, a flageolet, and a pair of trowsers—I afterwards missed my watch from my dressing-table drawer—the value of all the things is 3l. 7s.,—they were kept in my room—I had been into the room about twenty minutes before, and it was all safe then—these articles (looking at them) are what were found in the bag—they are all my husband's property—the shutters were not shut when I left the room, but he had put them to, and placed the looking-glass before them—the window was fastened—I have no idea how he got into the house—the street door was fastened when I went to let my brother in, and also when I let a person in who lives in the house twenty minutes before.





THOMAS LETCHFORD
. I am the brother of the last witness, and am a coffee-house keeper, in High-street, Bloomsbury. I went to see nry sister's house, about seven o'clock, on the evening of the 31st of Dec.—I had been into the front parlour, and was going to the back parlour—as she attempted to open the door, it was closed again—she made a second attempt, and it came open quite easily—I went in with her, and saw the prisoner there—my sister asked what he was doing there—he began to implore forgiveness directly, and went down on his knees—I saw the black bag, pointed to it, and said to my sister, "There is a black bag with things in it, and your drawers are open; he is a thief"—I saw these things taken

from the bag—I found the watch concealed under the counterpane, on the bedstead.





JOESPH RUDLING
 (policeman.) I was sent for, and received the prisoner in charge—I found the bag and all the articles that are here—I found these skeleton keys and these lucifer matches on the prisoner.

Prisoner's Defence. I am guilty of stealing, but not of the breaking and entering. I was passing the house, about half-past seven o'clock, and the door was open; I was in great distress at the time, having lost my employment through having apoplectic fits.
(John Emery, carpenter, of No. 4, Portpool-lane, Gray's Inn-lane, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY

of Stealing only. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

