




2045. 




JOHN PATTEN
 and 




WILLIAM TAYLOR
 were indicted for

 feloniously assaulting 



Ann Harding, on the 
15th of July, putting her in fear and danger of her life, and stealing from her person, and against her will, 1 pocket, value 4d.; 4 shillings, 1 sixpence, 2 pence, and 4 halfpence; her goods and monies; and immediately before, at the time of, and after the said robbery, feloniously beating, striking, and using other personal violence to her.






ANN HARDING
. I am single, and am an unfortunate woman; I lodge in Bainbridge-street, St. Giles's. On the 15th of July I was going home a little after twelve o'clock at night, and met three men—the prisoners are two of them—I do not know who the third was—I had never seen them before—I was close by a gas-light—they were coming up against me—I tried to pass them, but they would not allow me—one pushed the other up ngainst me—I do not know which it was—Patten laid hold of me with his

arm round my neck, and put my head under his arm, while the other two came behind me, pushed me into a court which was close by, and threw me down—they tore my gown, and took my pocket away with 4s. 6d. and 4d. in copper in it, and they took a piece of my gown away with them—they then dragged me outside the court again, and continued abusing me—they pushed me out, and Patten continued catching hold of me by the neck—I was down on the ground—they picked me up when they had got my pocket, and Patten put his arms round my neck—I cried out "Police," and the more I cried for the police, and prayed them not to strike me, the more they struck and ill used me—I was struck in a dreadful state—my face and lip was cut all to pieces, and my eye was blacked—I believe Taylor and the other man, struck me—Patten did not—they struck me with their fists—I was struck in several parts of my body, and was bruised from their kicks—I have a bad leg now—while I was down they kicked me about the hip, and knees, and several parts of my legs, to get at my pocket—they kept swearing to one another while doing this, and they called me a b—b—several times, when I called out for the police—they made use of very bad language to one another, encouraging each other to tear my things, and take my pocket away—one, I cannot say which, said, "B—your eyes, tear her pocket, tear her gown to get at her pocket"—I was quite sober—neither of them had asked me to go with them.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Before Patten put his arm round your neck, had you not spoken to him? A. No—I did not ask him to go with me—I never spoke to either of them—I tried to get by them, but they would not allow me—I swear I did not ask Patten to go home with me—there were very few persons passing at the time—I had no one with me.

Taylor. I cannot remember any thing about it—I was in liquor. Witnets. They were not drunk that I could see.





JOHN JAMES ALLEN
 (police-constable F 159.) On the night of the 15th of July, I was on duty in St. Giles's, and saw the prisoners a few minutes before twelve o'clock, and another young man with them—I was then at the corner of Bainbridge-street, and they were at the opposite side of High-street, near Crown-street—in consequence of something, I came towards Bain-bridge-street again sooner than I should have done—when I got near Laurence-street, I heard the screams of a female—I went towards them into High-street, and saw the two prisoners, and another not in custody, close on a female—Patten had his arms round her neck—he appeared to be trying to throw her down, from the distance I was off, I was in the middle of the road, but he let go—Taylor struck her in the face, and said with an oath, "Go on"—she fell down, and he kicked her in the body, about the hip—I took hold of Taylor, took out my rattle, sprung it, and seized Taylor and Patten at the same time—Taylor said with an oath, what did I stop him for, and directly struck me in the mouth—Patten stood by.—I did not allow him to depart—another constable came in a minute or two, and took him into custody—I told him not to go—he could not have gone, because I should have seized him—after great resistance we took Taylor to the station—I had seen Taylor strike the prosecutrix in the face once, or twice, or three times—his hand was moving—she went down in the struggle, and he kicked her—I do not know what became of the prosecutrix, but when we got to the station she was there—her face and head were cut dreadfully—her mouth was bleeding, and a little swollen, and

her clothes were torn—she said they had stolen her pocket and some money—I searched Taylor's person, and found a tobacco-box, some tobacco, sand a piece of gown similar to that which the prosecutrix was wearing, but I was not aware of it at the time—Taylor said it was an old handkerchief, and I returned it to him.

Cross-examined. Q. When you first saw the prisoners they were in High-street, St. Giles's? A. Yes, and when I saw them again, they were still in High-street, and Patten had his arm round the prosecutrix's neck—I was rather more than the distance across the road when I saw Taylor knocking her down—I had got closer when I heard what he said—when engaged with Taylor, I had not hold of Patten—he was standing close by our side—I did not hear Patten say he did not deny having his arm round her neck, but did not mean to do her any injury—lie said so at the police-court, but I did not hear it before.





JOHN DAVIS
 (police-constable F 98.) I assisted in taking the prisoners to the station—I have part of the prosecutrix's gown, which I found in Taylor's cell in the morning—he was there alone—he said nothing about it to me.

J. J. ALLEN
re-examined. This is the same piece of gown which I found on Taylor, and which he said was an old handkerchief—it corresponds with the prosecutrix's gown—I can recollect it is the same, by the print—he took it out of my hand, and said, "It is only my old handkerchief"—I found 6d. on Patten, but no pocket on either of them.





ANN HARDING

re-examined. This piece of gown is mine—I have the gown on now, but have sown it up since this happened—I have taken it in, and made it smaller—this piece was torn from the fathers—the pocket-hole is in the piece which was torn off.

Taylors Defence. The woman did not swear to me at the office—it was only the policeman swore I hit her—when he searched me he took a piece of cloth out of my pocket, and put it in again—in the morning he brought me out of the cell, and said he had found this in the cell, and I must have taken it in with me—I was intoxicated—I did not do any harm to the woman, to my knowledge.
(Patten received a good character.)

PATTEN—


GUILTY
 of an Assault only. Aged 18.—



Confined Six Weeks.

TAYLOR—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Erskine.

