



1604. 




RICHARD PEDRICK
was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



George William Smith, at 

St. Leonard, Shoreditch, on the 
10th of May, about ten o'clock in the night, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 1 button, value¼d, and 15 groats, his property.






GEORGE WILLIAM SMITH.
I keep the Red Lion public-house, Wilsonstreet, St. Leonard, Shoreditch. On Sunday night, May 10, I went up to my bed-room a little after ten o'clock, in consequence of my wife coming down and telling me something, I found the window thrown open—I bad been in the room that afternoon—I had a chest of drawers in the room, and on it laid a saucer with some fourpenny pieces in it—here are fifteen fourpenny pieces and a brace-button—I had the fourpenny pieces in the saucer on tbe drawers that night, and I believe this brace-button was in the saucer with the fourpenny pieces that night—(examining them)—we have two empty houses adjoining ours—a man could get in at the window from the adjoining house—when I went up stairs the fourpenny pieces and button were gone—I came down, went to the first empty house, and found the door fastened inside—I tried the other one, and by turning the handle I got in—I held the handle for one or two minutes, and then somebody wanted to come out—I held the handle fast till a policeman came along—I spoke to him—he went in and brought the prisoner up—he was searched in my presence, and two crow-bars and a dark lantern were found on him, and a box of matches—I asked him if he had not some fourpenny pieces—he said he had not—he put his hand in his pocket and pulled out six or seven, and said he had got no more—the policeman then found on him fifteen in all, and the button—there were from fifteen to seventeen fourpenny pieces in the saucer—there was a mark on the drawers which corresponded with one of the crow-bars.





SARAH SMITH.
I went up stairs and found the window open—I heard somebody going out of the window as I entered the room—it was a little after 10 o'clock—I ran down and called my husband—I found a cap with an old black handkerchief in it on the window sill outside—I had left the room at five o'clock—the window was shut down, but not fastened.





JOHN ROADKNIGHT
(police-constable G167.) I was on duty in Wilsonstreet—Mr. Smith called me over—I went into the empty house, and found the prisoner in the cellar behind the door—I found on him the articles produced—I found a dark lantern and two crow-bars—he had neither hat nor cap on—I asked him if the cap Mrs. Smith found was his—he said, "Yes."

Prisoner's Defence. I was going down Wilson-street; two men were standing at the bottom; one asked me to go into the empty house and fetch out these things, and said he would give me something for my trouble; I came up; there was somebody at the door, and I went into the cellar; I

had been working at Greenwich, and taken 13s. or 14s.; there were a great many fourpenny pieces among it.




GUILTY.Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years

