




1591. 




JAMES KIRK
 and 




THOMAS HERBERT
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
21st of May, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 



Michael Allen Jane, from his person; and that Kirk had been before con-victed of felony.






GEORGE KEMP
 (police-constable N 82.) I was on duty in plain clothes, in St. James's-park, on the 21st of May—there was a drawing-room—I saw both the prisoners in company—I watched them for about twenty minutes, and saw them try several gentlemen's pockets by lifting them up and putting their hands in—I saw Kirk go behind the prosecutor and try his pocket—the gentleman felt him, and turned round—Kirk drew off for a few minutes—he then went up, succeeded in taking the handkerchief, and put it in his breeches-pocket—Herbert remained in company with him all the time.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where were you when Kirk put his hand in the pocket? A. Close behind him—there was no person between me and him—another policeman was with me.





JAMES HANDS
 (police-constable K 248.) I was there in plain clothes, and saw the two prisoners in company—I saw them both attempt several gentlemen's pockets—I saw Kirk attempt the prosecutor's pocket several times—the prosecutor turned round—Herbert was first standing behind Kirk to hide the motion of his hands, and then he shuffled round and stood behind a lady who was arm in arm with the prosecutor—at the

end of her was another gentleman, and he tried his pocket, and the lady's clothes—Kemp took Kirk, and took the handkerchief from his breeches pocket.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you and Kemp close together. A. Yes, stood behind him.





MICHAEL ALLEN JANE
. I was in the Park with a lady—I had a handkerchief, and lost it out of my coat-pocket—this is it.

Herbert's Defence. I never met this young man before—I do not know him.





THOMAS FULLER
 (police-sergeant E 12) I produce a certificate of Kirk's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

KIRK—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.

HERBERT—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—



Confined Six Months.
