



1623. 




WILLIAM TANNER
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 snuff-box, value 2l. 2s., the goods of 



William Paitson Jackson; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM PAITSON JACKSON
. I am a law student. At half-past three o'clock, on the 25th of May, I was in Fleet-street, in the neighbourhood of St. Dunstan's Church—on turning my head to take a pinch of snuff, I saw the prisoner, and did not like his appearance—I put my box into my left coat pocket, and walked on—I went to a book stall, and was there a few minutes—in taking three books up, I felt a twitch at my pocket, and missed my box—I saw a person running about eight yards from me—I followed him—I only saw his back—I do not know him—this is the box.





GEORGE ALEXANDER BRIMMER
. I live in Great Warner-street. I was passing through King's Head-court, Shoe-lane—the prisoner rushed by me very rapidly, and I observed something apparently grasped in his hand—I followed him, and raised a cry—a gentleman stopped him.





GEORGE ARNOLD
. I was coming up Pemberton-row, and the prisoner ran by me—I saw him throw this snuff-box over M'Dowall's yard—I followed, and took him—Clark went into the yard, and brought the snuff-box back.

Prisoner. Q. Where did you see me? A. As I was turning out of Pemberton-row to Gough-square—I said at the office that I saw you throw it away—I saw you throw something away, which I supposed was the snuff-box—I took you at the end of the row—you were not running so fast as you had been—after you threw it away you slackened your pace.





HENRY CLARK
. I was playing in Pemberton-row, and saw the prisoner chuck the box into M'Dowall's yard, against the chapel—I went into the yard, and picked it up—I am sure he is the person.

Prisoner. Q. What did the policeman tell you to say? A. Nothing—he asked if you were the man who threw it away, and I said, "Yes"—I know you, because you had the same coat on.





CORNELIUS DOLOHUNTY
 (City police-constable, No. 367.) I received this box from Clark.

Prisoner. Q. Where is King's Head-court? A. It leads out of Shoe-lane to Gough-square, and M'Dowall's yard is in Pemberton-row.






RICHARD SAVAGE
 (City police-constable, No. 243.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

