



789. 




WALTER SCOTT



, feloniously forging and uttering an acceptance to a bill of Exchange for 6l., with intent to defraud 



Thomas Cannon.






THOMAS CUMMING GIBSON
. I live in Gracechurch-street—I know the prisoner—this bill of Exchange (produced) is not my writing—the signature is not mine—I never authorised any one to put my name to it—I know nothing about it—I do not live at Grov e-cottage, Hackney-road.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. How long has be been in your

service? A. He was never in my service at all—I am a colliery-owner—the prisoner was under an agent of mine, at Bermondsey-wharf, but was never employed by me—the agent paid him—I have not had any transaction with him—I was, unfortunately, a shareholder in the Newcastle Joint-stock Bank; the prisoner was also a shareholder, but not whilst I was; it was afterwards—he did not take my place that I am aware of—he had perhaps been twelve months in my agent's service, at the time he became a shareholder—I know nothing about why he became a shareholder; it was not on my account—he has never, to my knowledge, accepted bills on the part of the Bank—I do not know of his having accepted any bills—he never had anything to do with drawing bills—I do not know that he has become answerable, on behalf of the Bank, for 20,000l. or 30,000l.; I know the contrary—I have seen instruments with his name on them, connected with the Newcastle bank—I had actions brought against me, as a retired shareholder—he was the public officer, and I necessarily saw his name as such—I was never a public officer—I had nothing to do with making him a public officer—I am not a solicitor—I know that actions have been brought against him to an immense amount, as a public officer—I swear that he has never had my authority to accept, endorse, or draw any bill—I do not owe him a shilling, and never did—I never held out to any person that he was a wealthy man; on the contrary—he still remained in my agent's service while he was public officer of the bank—I have been a merchant and a ship owner—I am carrying on business now—I distinctly swear I never gave him authority to sign any bill for me.





THOMAS CANNON
. I live in Long-lane, Bermondsey. On 22d Nov., the prisoner offered me this bill, and said he had an action against Mr. Gibson for 40l., which he had gained, and Mr. Gibson had advanced him that 5l. bill for his present wants; and if I would advance him 1l. on it he should be grateful for it—I advanced him 1l.—he came again about the 28th, and had another pound.





WILLIAM WILLIAMS
. I am a law-stationer's clerk. On 22d Nov. I saw the prisoner at the model lodging-house, in Charles-street, Drury-lane—in consequence of what he said to me, I went with him to Mr. Cannon's; he there produced this 5l. bill, and a sovereign was given to him.





RICHARD WALKER
 (policeman, G 33). I took the prisoner into custody—he begged very hard of Williamson to come to some arrangement, and settle the matter—on taking him to the station he said he had signed documents to the amount of 23,000l. for Mr. Gibson, to purchase some shares.

MR. GIBSON
re-examined, I never lived in Grove-cottage—the prisoner has never brought an action against me, nor ever made any demand upon me—he has never signed any document for me—I have never recognized any document that he has signed for me.




GUILTY
of uttering.
 Aged 29.—


Transported for Ten Years.

