



1447. 




WILLIAM ANSTEAD



, feloniously forging and uttering an order, for the payment of 63l. 13s., with intent to defraud 



Henry Bosanquet and others; having been before convicted.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
LAW
conducted the Prosecution.






FREDERICK BOWER
. I am a clerk in the London and Westminster Bank, St. James's-square—Mr. Henry Bosanquet is one of the directors; there are others—Mr. Charles Vokins, of Pimlico, keeps an account there. On 22d Nov. this check was presented for payment by a woman—I paid it principally in Bank notes and gold—among the notes was a 10l. note, No. 27,694, dated 4th Oct. 1848; a 10l. note, No. 42,878, of the same date; and a 5l. note, I No. 90,350, dated 3d Aug. 1848.





CHARLES VOKINS
. I am a coal merchant at Pimlico. In Nov. last the prisoner was in my debt 8l. 13s. for coals supplied to him—the last were supplied in 1845—he at that time lived in Park-street, Grosvenor-square, where I had supplied him for about four years—I lost sight of him from 1845 until 21st Nov. last, when I was called down to him in the evening, after business hours (I did not know him personally before that)—he told me his name was Anstead, that I had supplied him formerly in Park-street, and he was in my debt; that he had been abroad, and was just returned, and had taken a house in Westbourne-road, where he should wish me to supply him with coals again—he ordered two tons of coals, which came to 2l. 14s.—that with my former debt made 11l. 7s.—he offered to pay me that amount by a check on Cox and Greenwood, which he held in his hand, for 18l.—this is it—(produced)—I was to give him the difference—I gave him three sovereigns sod a check for 3l. 18s. (produced)—the word "Sixty" and the figure "6" were not on it when I gave it to him—the 18l. check was presented at Cox sad Greenwood's next morning, and not paid—I saw no more of him till he was taken into custody in May last—I did not execute the order for the coals—I sent up to Westbourne-road, but could not find that the house had been taken there.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Do you remember whether he mentioned to you that he and a Mr. Paisley were about taking a house? A. I never heard the name of Paisley—(The 18l. check was dated 18th Nov. 1848, payable to William Anstead or bearer. Signed, A. M. Stephenson.)





JAMES FREDERICK HOOPER
. I am clerk to Cox and Greenwood—no such person as A. M. Stephenson kept an account there last Nov.—I have no knowledge of this check.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know Mr. Stephenson's handwriting? A. I do not know who it alludes to, there is no such account in the house—I am one of the ledger-keepers.





JOHN THOMAS
. I am in the employ of Nicol and Co., of Regent-street—, in Nov. last I was in the service of Mr. Samson. On 23d Nov. the prisoner and a female came there early in the morning and purchased a drab Chesterfield coat—they paid with a 10l. note—I did not put any mark on it—I gave

the prisoner the change—he ordered another coat, which was to be sent to Westbourne-road Villa, Paddington—the coat was made, and I took it home on the Saturday night—I could not find any such person, and brought it back—this is the Chesterfield (produced)—I gave my master the note received from the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. Were there other persons in the shop at the time? A. Yes—I did not receive any other 10l. note at the time.





ROBERT SIMPSON
. I received a 10l.-note from Thomas—the prisoner was in the shop—I gave it to my cashier, and saw him enter it in this book (produced)—it was No. 27694, dated 4th Oct., 1848.





WILLIAM STAKE BREWER
. lam a trunk-maker in Oxford-street. A female came to my shop on Wednesday evening, 22d Nov., and bought a carpetbag—she offered me a 10l. note in payment—this (produced) appears to me to be the same; it was then perfect, but in two parts, not torn as it is now—at the time it was offered me it was wet, as if it had been recently pasted together—I refused to take it, and returned it to her—she went out and returned in two or three minutes with a 5l. note—I do not know whether or not this is it (produced)—I put no mark on it—I gave her the change, and she left with the bag—this is the bag (produced)—next day I paid a 5l.-note to Messrs. Macey of Titchfield-street—I attended at Marlborough-street office when the prisoner and his wife were brought there on this charge—I could not identify the woman as the person coming to the shop—she appeared to be the same person, but she was differently dressed.

Cross-examined. Q. There is nothing peculiar in the carpet-bag is there? A. This is the bag—I know it by the pattern—I had no other like it—there is no private mark on it.

COURT. Q. There are other bag-sellers besides you? A. Plenty; but I am sure this is the same bag; it is lined with common cotton tick—the stripes sometimes run one way and sometimes another—I believe in this bag they run across—(The bag being opened, the stripes ran the other way).





DANIEL THORN
. I am in the service of Mr. Brewer. I recollect a female buying a carpet-bag last Nov.—when she left, I, at my master's request, watched her, and saw her give the bag to a gentleman who was waiting at the comer of Princes-street, Cavendish-square—I could not swear to him again, it was in the evening.





ALFRED WRIGHT
. In Nov. last I was in the service of Mr. Macey of Great Titchfield-street—I received on his account this 5l.-note from Mr. Brewer—I do not remember when it was—there is my writing on it—I think it was about Aug. or Sept.—Mr. Thorn gave it to me.





DANIEL THORN

re-examined. I took the 5l.-note and gave it to Wright—it was a day or two after we had taken it—it was the only note I took.





SAMUEL HAYES
. I am in the service of Mr. Tingey, a pawnbroker, in Greek-street, Soho—I produce this carpet-bag—it was pledged at our house on Saturday, 10th March, by a man in the name of John Anstey.





HORATIO STEWART. I
 am in the employ of Mr. Rochfort, a pawnbroker—this Chesterfield was pawned at our house on 5th March, by a woman in the name of Mrs. Heardley, of Marshall-street—I did not know her.





SARAH JAMES
. I am housekeeper at 41, Marshall-street, Golden-square—the prisoner and his wife came to lodge there on 3d Feb. last, in the name I of Heardley.





STEPHEN THORNTON
 (police-sergeant, A 26.) On 7th May I took the prisoner in custody at Hungerford-market—I told him he must consider himself in custody for uttering a forged check or draft for 18l. on Mr. Vkins, a

coal merchant at Pimlico, at the same time obtaining a check for 3l. 13s. and afterwards altering it to 63l. 13s. and uttering it at the London and Westminster bank the following day—he replied "Indeed"—I asked his address—he said, "I won't give my address"—he had a letter in his hand which led me to 41, Marshall-street—Mrs. James told me which was the prisoner's room—I went up to the second floor back room, and there I found the prisoner's wife—I searched the place, and found thirty-three duplicates, two of which relate to the coat and bag, which have been produced. (The check being read, was altered to 63l. 13s.)





JOHN DAFTERS
 (policeman, A 346.) I produce a certificate—(read—William Anstead, convicted June, 1848, of larceny, and confined three months)—I was at Clerk en well session at that trial—the prisoner is the man who was then convicted.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Coltman.

