




1975. 




JOHN JONES
 and 




JOHN CLIBS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
23rd of July, 29 yards of gambroon, value 2l. 16s., the goods of 



Samuel Ward; and that CLIBS had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM M'GAREY
. I live in New-square. On the morning of the 23rd of July I was coming through Lillypot-lane, and saw the prisoner Clibs go into the prosecutor's house on tip-toe—I afterwards saw him come out with a piece of stuff on his shoulder—I saw Jones waiting at the corner of the street, about 100 yards from the shop, at the corner of Noble-street—Clibs was going towards Wood-street, when Jones gave a low whistle, and he turned back and went to the corner along with him—I afterwards saw Clibs hand the parcel to Jones—I told Mr. Ward, who

followed, and collared Jones, who dropped the parcel—a policeman handed it to me, and I carried it to the station—Clibs ran away, but was stopped and brought back.





SAMUEL WARD
. I live in Lillypot-lane. This piece of gambroon is mine, and is worth 56s.—I ran out on the alarm, and saw Clibs with it—he gave it to Jones, and I collared him.





WILLIAM HENRY EDWARDS
 (City police-constable, No. 241.) I saw Mr. Ward stop Jones, who dropped the property—I laid hold of it, and took Jones into custody—Clibs was shortly afterwards brought to me—I gave the property to M'Garey, and conveyed them both to the station.

Jones. He never saw the cloth in my arms at all. Witness. I saw it on his shoulder, and saw him drop it.

Jones's Defence. I was going along Falcon-square, and saw a young man going along with the cloth on his shoulder—he dropped it—I picked it up, and before I had time to look round, the witness and two or three more came and took hold of me.





RICHARD BROMLEY
. I am a City policeman. I produce a certificate, which I obtained from Mr. Clark's office—it relates to the prisoner Clibs—I was a witness against him when he was tried by the name of William Davis—(read)—I am satisfied he is the same person.

JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Yean.

CLIBS—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.
