




1670. 




HENRY WILSON
 was indicted

 for feloniously cutting and woulding 



Eliza Guy, on her private parts, with intent to do her some grievous bodily harm.






WILLIAM GUY.
 I am twelve years old, and live with my father and mother, at Homerton. On Saturday, the 26th of June, I went into Lee-fields with my little sister, Eliza, who is five years old, and my brother John, who is seven years old; Maratha, who is three years old; and Elizabeth Maycock, who is eight years old—we went there to play—the prisoner came there—I did not know him before—I am sure he is the man—he asked me to go to Temple-mills bridge with him, and the children too—I said, "No, we don't do such a case as that"—it was a good way off—he offered me 2d.—he took hold of my sister's hand—he said nothing about her—he said to her, "Will you sit on the grass, will you sit on my lap? because you have been walking a good way; you are tired"—we were all there—he sat her on his lap—he then took her by the hand, and led her away from us—I had my little sister in my arms, who is three years old—I ran after him with her—he led Eliza away—she walked by his side—she had hold of his hand—I said, "He Will drown you"—I followed him—we went about a mile—he went over a bridge, and went almost as far as Temple-mills-bridge—I followed, and had the baby in my arms—he went over the bridge with my sister Eliza—we all followed over the bridge—when he got on the other side he sat on the grass, and put Eliza on his lap—he said, "Is you tired?"—she said, "Yes"—he said, "Have a rest on my lap"—he took her on his lap, and put his right hand up her petticoats—she screamed out, and kicked, and hallooed, "William, come and help me!"—I went up to her to pull her away form his knee, but he pulled her back—he then put his hand into his right pocket, took out two farthings, and gave one to Eliza and one to John—he then got up and ran away along the high grass, towards Temple-mills—nobody ran after him—there was nobody in the field—Eliza cried all the way home—she walked home—it is about a mile and half—she hallooed out, "Ain't I a bleeding?"—I looked at her—her legs were running down with blood—I went home and told my mother—I did not see the prisoner again till I saw him at the station.





ELIZABETH ANN MAYCOCK.
 I am eight years old, and live eight my father and mother, next door to Mr. Guy. I went into Lee-fields to play with William and John Guy, and two little girls—the prisoner came there, and said, "Will you go to Temple-mills with me?"—he said so to all of us—William Guy said, "No"—he asked me and Eliza to go—William said, "Eliza, don't you go," and to me, "Elizabeth, don't you go, he will drown you"—I came away—he took Eliza by the hand, and led her away—we all followed—he went over a bridge with Eliza—that was not Temple-mills-bridge—we all crossed the bridge—he sat on the grass, put Eliza on his lap, and put his hand up her petticoats—she screamed—I said to him, "Will you let that little girl come away?"—he did not let her go—William went up to help her—the prisoner then put his hand into his right pocket, took two farthings out, gave one to Eliza, and one to John—he had given me a halfpenny before, when he first wanted me to go—the prisoner ran across Temple-mills-filed, towards Temple-mills—we all went home as fast as we could—Eliza walked home—she cried—I saw the blood running down her legs—when I got home I told Mrs. Guy—I am quite certain the prisoner is the man—I saw him again the same evening, and pointed him out.






MARIA GUY.
 I am the wife of Robert Guy, a shoemaker, of James-place, Homerton—the little girl, Eliza Guy, is our daughter—she is five years old. On the 26th of June I sent the children to play in Lee-fields—they came in in about two hours—I asked what was the matter—in consequence of what they said, I examined Eliza, and found blood coming down from her private parts—she had nothing the matter with her when she went out to play—I screamed out, a neighbour came, and we took the child to Mr. Clarke, a surgeon.





BENJAMIN CLARKE
, a surgeon, living at Spackman's-building, Hackney, and who examined the child, described the nature of the injury she has received; but the evidence was not of a character fit for publication.





PETER DEVITT
 (police-constable N 310.) The prisoner was given into my custody by another man at the station-house.

JURY.
Q. Was he searched? A. He was, and nothing but eight keys 1s., and a farthing found upon him.





WILLIAM ROGERS.
 I am a labourer, and live at Lower Homerton. On Saturday evening, June the 26th, about half-past seven o'clock, I was in Brooksby-walk, Homerton, about 300 yards from Mr. Guys—I heard a cry of "Stop him," and saw the prisoner running with women and children after him—they told me something—I caught him—he is the man—he asked me where I was going to take him to—I said, "To the station"—he said, how did I know he was the man that done it—I had not said anything about having done it—I took him to the station—he there asked again how I knew he was the man—I said I did not know—I asked him what he ran for—he said because the people ran after him hooted him.

Prisoner. Q. How many others were there besides you. A. Four—I knew them—I never mentioned a word to you about indecently assaulting a child.

Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of the charge: I was passing up Homerton with three men; a number of persons were making up the street, when they got nearly close to me they shouted out, "We will break your neck;" they threw some stones which caused me to run from them; they pursued and took me.




GUILTY. Aged 20.—


Transported For Seven Years.

