



382. 




FREDERICK BUNYAN
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William McDonald, about two o'clock in the night of the 
10th of Dec., at 
St. Giles-in-the-Fields, with intent to steal.






WILLIAM MCDONALD
. I live at No. 9, Great Wild-street, Lincoln's Innfields, and am a brass-founder. I occupy a front shop and parlour there—there are other lodgers in the house, which belongs to a person named Kelly, but he does not live in it, he lets it out in tenements—no one occupies the shop but myself—I sleep in the back parlour, which communicates with the shop it goes out of the passage—the doors arc opposite one another—you

do not go out of one room into another—there is a staircase between them—I take my meals in the shop—the shop-door enters from the passage—that passage is for the whole house from the private door; but I have a shop-door from the street—all the lodgers have the use of that private door—they have not all keys—it is left open generally of a night—no one goes to my shop or parlour but myself—I keep the key and lock them up myself—I fasten my shop? door with two locks and a padlock—on the night of the 16th of Dec. I was the last person at my shop—I locked it up and took the keys into my bed-room about a quarter before twelve o'clock—next morning I was lying in bed, and saw a light come through the fanlight over the bed-room—I saw it go out, and then I saw the light again—I heard the padlock fall—I got up and got a light—I drew the night-bolt of my bed-room, and saw the prisoner half way in my shop—he went out into the street—I followed him, and cried, "Stop thief"—he made three or four attempts to strike me with a hammer or a crowbar, and once he struck me on my thumb—I went out in my shirt, and saw the policeman catch the prisoner three doors off—I found my door was all broken open—the policeman has got the padlock, which he took off the ground—I saw it there—I never saw the prisoner, to my knowledge, before—I am sure he is the person.





THOMAS LANGLEY
 (police-constable F 121.) About twenty minutes past two o'clock in the morning of the 17th Dec., I was on duty in Great Wild-street, I heard a cry of "Police!" and saw the prisoner running fast, and Mr. McDonald just behind him in his shirt, calling "Stop thief!" and the prisoner cried it too—I stopped the prisoner, and took him back to the shop—Mr. McDonald said, "That is the man that broke into my house"—the prisoner said there was no charge against him—he refused to go to the station, became very violent, and struck me on the eye—I got him to the station with difficulty—I found a box of matches on him.





DANIEL COHARIM
. I am a turner—I was in Great Wild-street that morning—I saw the officer with the prisoner fn custody-*while he was struggling with the policeman he pulled a hammer or crow-bar from under his coat, and threw it in the gutter—there were two girls and a young man who picked it up and ran away with it.





JAMES BROWN
 (police-constable T 142.) I went to the prosecutor's house and found in the passage several lucifer matches of the same sort as those in the box of matches found on the prisoner by Langley—I found this padlock there—the staple is broken off.

Prisoner. I was passing the prosecutor's house; he was standing on the door cill with a candle, and called "Stop thief!" Iran and called "Stop thief!" the officer stopped me, and took me back; the prosecutor said I was the man; he said before that, his wife locked the shop and brought him the keys while he was in bed, and now he says it was himself.

COURT
to
WILLIAM MCDONALD. Q. Is this your name to this deposition? A. Yes, it was read over to me—I was there, and my wife was there as well, but I locked the shop—the house is in the parish of St. Giles-in-the-Fields—I was present—my wife locked the door, and I did also.
**


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.

