




394. 




HENRY SIMCOE
 was indicted for

 stealing 2 coats, value 5l.; 2 pairs of trowsers, 2l.; and 2 waistcoats, 1l.; the goods of 




Joseph Pritchard, in the dwelling-house of 



William Gray": and 





ROBERT SIMCOE



, for feloniously inciting him to commit the said felony and also for receiving the property, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.: to which


HENRY SIMCOE pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.






JOSEPH PRITCHARD
, tailor, South-row, New-road. On the 13th of Dec. the two prisoners came to my shop, and each ordered a suit of black, which was to

be sent home on Saturday, for the purpose of attending a funeral—I think they represented themselves as brothers, I will not be certain—at the time appointed, the 16th, I took two coats, two waistcoats, and two pairs of trowsefs, to No. 12, Platt-terrace, St. Pancras-road, between eleven and twelve o'clock—I knocked at the door—it was opened by Henry—(it had been agreed when I took the order that I was to have the money on delivery)—he was dressed in a very slovenly style, with no handkerchief or hat, and, I think, no waistcoat, and in his slippers, as if he had just got out of bed—he took me into the back parlour, and, after a few observations, took up the garments, one by one, and very deliberately threw them across his arm, having previously inspected them—he said, "Sit down, I will step into my brother's room and fit them on"—he shut the door, and went into the passage—my suspicions were immediately aroused—I opened the door, and in half a minute heard the street door close—it was a very short distance from the room I was in—I immediately went out into the passage, met the landlady on the kitchen stairs, and made an inquiry of her—I opened the street door—not a minute had elapsed, but he was out of sight—my little boy was outside—he had followed me unknown to me—I went home, and found Robert was in custody, with one suit of clothes—Henry was not in custody for several days after—I have recognised the second suit of clothes at the pawnbroker's.





ALFRED PRITCHARD
. I am thirteen years old. On the 16th of Dec. I went, by my mother's direction, after my father—he went into the house in Platt-terrace, and n about two or three, or perhaps five minutes, I saw Henry Simcoe come out, carrying some black clothes across his arm—he had a very shabby coat on, and no hat—he went into Brighton-street—I lost sight of him as he turned the corner of a court—I watched the door of a house in Brighton-street, which was open—a young man spoke to me, and in about two minutes I saw the two prisoners come out of the house—they each had a bag, apparently with something in it—Robert carried a blue bag, and Henry a black one—one took the direction of Cromer-street, and the other turned down a court—Robert came up to me—he said nothing—I said, "Stop thief' and he threw the bag at me—I called after him, and saw him stopped—he was taken to the station—Henry got away at that time—I delivered this blue bag to the policeman.

Robert Simcoe. I did not throw the bag at him; he took hold of it, and hallooed out, "Give me my father's clothes," and I let go of it. Witness. He threw it towards me.





JOHN CORBETT
. On the 16th of Dec, between half-past eleven and twelve o'clock, I was in Brighton-street, and saw the prisoner Henry turn the corner, with the clothes under his arm—I lost sight of him—I saw the last witness looking about—in a few minutes I saw the prisoners, I believe, come out of a house—Robert is the one who first came out—he had a blue bag with him—I saw the last witness with the bag—whether Robert threw it at him or not I cannot say—the prisoner Henry came out of the same house—Robert went back from the boy, and said to him, "Go back, you fool"—they both ran down the street in different directions—I afterwards saw Robert in custody.





FRANCIS HARDEN
 (police-constable E. 88) I stopped Robert—he said, "It is not me, it is the other one had the clothes"—I received a blue bag from this boy at the station, containing a black coat, waistcoat, and trowsers.





GEORGE JOHN RESTIEAUX
 (police-constable E 49.) I apprehended Henry—I told him it was for a robbery at Mr. Pritchard's, and I had been told that the things had been pledged for 30s.—he said, "That was wrong, they were pledged for 35s., and I tore up the duplicate"—I showed him this letter, and he said, "That is in my handwriting"—it is a letter that was sent to the prosecutor.






JOHN BIGGINS
, assistant to Mr. Masland, pawnbroker, Westminster-road. I produce a new black coat, waistcoat, and trowsers, pawned on the 16th of Dec., for 1l.; 15s., by the prisoner Henry, in the name of Henry Simcoe.





FRANCES GRAY
. I live at Platt-terrace, Somers-town. The prisoners both lodged in my back parlour—on the morning of the 16th of Dec. I heard a knock at the door—Robert was out at the time—he had left the house about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour before—Henry was within—they had no other room in my house.

Robert Simcoe's Defence. I was disappointed in having some money which I expected to pay for these clothes; on Saturday morning I went out on business; I left my brother at home; he knew where I was going; I left him to make excuse to the man, and to tell him that he should have the money in a day or two; in half an hour afterwards he came to the house where I was, and said he had got the clothes, and I could take my suit in this bag; he was dressed, but not in the slovenly manner spoken of; he said he was going as far as Smith field, would I go with him; I said I would; when I got out the boy took hold of the bag, said they were his father's clothes, and called, "Police;" I turned round to ask what he meant, and saw my brother running away, I followed, and the policeman took me.

ROBERT SIMCOE—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

