







2247. 




JAMES LAWSON,



 BENJAMIN LAWSON,



 WILLIAM JOHNSON
, and 




JOHN MURPHY
, were indicted for

 stealing 1 purse, value 6d.; 2 shillings, and 3 sixpences the property of John Rathbone Taylor, from the person of 



Caroline Taylor; and that Murphy had been before convicted of felony: to which


JAMES LAWSON pleaded 



GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined Six Months.


BENJAMIN LAWSON pleaded



GUILTY
. Aged 13.—



Confined Three Months.


WILLIAM JOHNSON pleaded 



GUILTY
. Aged 23.—



Confined Six Months.


MR. PARNELL
conducted the Prosecution.






CAROLINE TAYLOR.
 I am the wife of John Rathbone Taylor—I was walking down Blackfriars-road on the 16th of Aug.—I had a purse with me containing shillings and sixpences—one of the sixpences was battered—I went on to the London-road—I was spoken to by Pound—I felt in my pocket, and my purse was gone—this now produced is it—this sixpence is similar to the one I had—the prisoners were not in sight when I was spoken to—I had seen James Lawson several times before in the London-road.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK
Q. You do not swear to this sixpence? A. No. nor to Murphy.





WILLIAM POUND.
 I am a labourer, and live in Duke-street. On the 16th of Aug. I was in the Blackfriars-road, and saw Mrs. Taylor—the two Lawsons were there—James Lawson had a butcher's frock on—I saw Benjamin Lawson attempt to Mrs. Taylor's pocket close by Charlotte-street—she was walking away from Blackfriars-bridge towards the Obelisk—I saw Johnson and Murphy about a quarter of an hour afterwards in conversation together, near the Duke of Clarence, at the corner of the London-road-Mrs. Taylor came up, followed by the two Lawsons—Johnson and Murphy joined the two Lawsons, and they had a conversation together close by Mr. Alder's, the cook's shop—they then went on, and I saw Benjamin Lawson take the purse from Mrs. Taylor's pocket, and they all ran away—Mrs. Taylor had made a stop, and the purse was then taken—the prisoner ran down Gaywood-street—I went another way, round West-square—I found them in St. George's-road—I afterwards took the two Lawsons.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure it was Murphy you saw? A. Yes, I have known him for the last twelve or fourteen years—he was close to Benjamin Lawson when he took the purse, and he held his coat up—he was taken the same evening—I collared the two Lawsons—Murphy and Johnson ran back from the other two—I had just left my work, and was coming along Blackfriars-road—I deliver bills for the different theatres, the Surrey and Astley's, and the Victoria—I had left off at four o'clock, and was coming home—I am not supposed to deliver bills every day—I only do so once a week—sometimes I get a job otherways—I was a constable eight years—when I see a person robbed, I am the first to go to take the thief—I do not do a bit of police-work unless 1 see a person robbed—I followed Mrs. Taylor all the way to the London-road, because I was quite satisfied they were going to rob her—I left the police, as I told you once before, because I got a drop too much—I always feel proud of coming as a witness if I see a person robbed-perhaps I may have been a witness fifty times at the Old Bailey and Surrey Sessions, and several other places, out of town and in town—I am not aware what they call me—perhaps the thieves may call me a policeman's cad—I do not know it—I am always the first to give information—perhaps they would take me back into the police if I were to ask them.






DAVID COTTON.
 I saw all the prisoners that night, between six and half-past six o'clock, by the corner of the Duke of Clarence, in the Circus, leading up from the London-road—I saw Pound take the two Lawsons into custody, and I saw this purse drop from Johnson.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you refer to Murphy as being there? A. Yes—I had not known him before—I am sure it was him—I never saw him till he was taken into custody—that was after the lady had been robbed—Pound took the two Lawsons, and called to Stroud, and said, "Take these other two men"—I saw nothing of the lady—I saw Johnson drop this purse—I did not hear any cry of "Police."





JOHN BAKER
 (policeman, L 128.) Pound pointed out Murphy, and I took him into custody—he was not with the other three prisoners when I took him—he was with them when he came out of the St. George's tavern—he had been pointed out to me when he was in the tavern—they came out, and walked about 100 yards, and then Murphy left the other three, and went back, and I took him—I found on him 1s., a knife, and two penny-pieces—on Johnson I found 4s., two sixpences, 9d. in halfpence, and a comb—among the sixpences was this battered one.

Cross-examined. Q. All you know is, that Pound pointed out Murphy and the others being all together? A. Yes, they were close together when they came out of the tavern.





JESSE CANNON
 (policeman, L 69.) I produce a certificate of Murphy's former conviction at this court—(read—Convicted the 7th of April, 1845,and  confined two years)—I was present at the trial—he is the man.

MURPHY—


GUILTY. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.

