






2747. 




CHARLES EDWARD WILSON,


 HENRY PUTTICK,



 JOSEPH BEARDMORE
, and 




WILLIAM COLEMAN
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
12th of September, at 
Barking, 15 sheep, price 2l., 10s., the property of 



Daniel May dwell.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM HOYLAND MAYDWELL
, My father's name is Daniel—he lives at Leatherhead, and has a farm at Ashtead, in Surrey, which is about eighteen miles from town, and about twenty-two from Kingsland. There were 205 sheep in the flock in my father's field—I saw them safe on Wednesday, the 8th of September—I have since seen fifteen sheep in inspector Richardson's possession, which are my father's sheep, and part of the flock that were safe on the night of the 8th—the flock consisted of 152 wethers, forty-one ewes, and eight stag-sheep, and the shepherd, when he counted them, missed four stag-sheep and eleven wethers, and those were found in the inspector's possession—there were two sheep in the flock that had a piece clipped out of the off-ear—one of those sheep are now in the police-inspector's possession, and also a stag-sheep different from any of the flock—it is a little bay-sheep with a tail longer than usual—I could swear to those two sheep being my father's, which were missing.





HENRY CHITTY
. I am shepherd to Mr. Maydwell. I saw my master's flock safe on Saturday, the 11th of September—I missed fifteen sheep on the Thursday following, which I have since seen in Richardson's possession—I know them well, and could swear to them.





WILLIAM WITTIN
. I am nearly ten years old; I am employed to look after Mr. Maydwell's sheep at Ashstead. On the Sunday before the Thursday on which they were missed. I was in the field where the flock was—I went into the field a little after eight o'clock in the morning, and remained there till six at night—while I was there, the prisoner Beardmore came into the field, between eleven and twelve in the morning—he asked me whether the shepherd would come that night or not—I said, Yes, I dare say he would, he most times did, he then went across to the sheep-fold, where we put the sheep in at night, and looked—he lingered about, and he

was hallooing after another boy named Bill—I did not see any thing of any other boy while he was there—he said nothing more to me about the sheep—when I went home at six o'clock, I left him there—I saw him stopping by the flock, which was near the fold.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Were there any other boys in the field besides you? A. Only my little brother that brought my dinner—he is not eight years old—I did not see Beardmore again till I went down to Ilford gaol—the gaoler took me to him and said, "Is this the lad you saw?"—I said, "Yes, it is."

MR. DOANE. Q. Are yon certain he is the person you had seen on the Sunday? A. Yes, I had never seen him before, but I am sure of him.





EDWARD ROGERS
. I am a cooper, and live at Kingsland. On Monday, the 13th of September, between six and seven o'clock in the morning, the prisoner Beardmore came to me—I had seen him before, but did not know his name—he said he had brought fifteen sheep, that he bad taken the liberty to put them in my field, and that Mr. Wilson would be with me by and-by, in the course of the day—I knew Wilson before—he had a mare and foal in my field in the summer time—I had known Beardmore some time before, as being a servant boy to Wilson—Wilson is a dealer in marine-stores, bones, rags, and so on—Beardmore then went away—Wilson called on me in the afternoon, between one and five o'clock—I had not seen the fifteen sheep before he came—Wilson asked me if I would let them remain in the field, and what I would charge him for them—I said we should not fall out about the price, as keep was very little now, he might let them remain there as long he liked—he said, "I don't know whether I shall kill them or sell them"—nothing was said about the distance they had come—Beard-more had said the sheep were tired when they came in—after the conversation with Wilson I saw the fifteen sheep in the field—no time was specified between me and Wilson that the sheep were to remain there—he might have let them lay a day or a month—they were there till the following Friday evening, and on Saturday morning, at nine o'clock, I found they were gone—Wilson had told me again on Friday that he did not know whether he should kill them or sell them—he had tried to sell them during the week—he said several persons had come to buy them—I had seen him, I think, every day between the Monday and Friday—he asked if I knew of any one that would buy the sheep—he did not tell me on Friday that he was going to take them away—I cannot say that I was surprised to find them gone—he had a right to take them away if he liked—I did not see him again till the Sunday following, which was the 19th—the police had come to me about it, and I sent to let Wilson know, and he came down about it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You sent to let Wilson know that the police had come? A. That the police had called on me about some sheep—I went with the policeman to his house, and he was not at home, but I left a message with Mrs. Wilson, and about three o'clock he came to my house, and was taken—his son came with him.





WILLIAM RIDLEY
. I live at Barking-side, Essex, and am a labouring man. The prisoner Wilson came to me on Saturday, the 18th of September, about ten minutes past six o'clock in the morning—he knocked me up—I came down and found him standing in the yard in front of my door—he said, "I don't think you know me?"—I said, "No, I do not, sir"—he

said, "Well, I thought you did not; do you recollect a man at the Maypole public-house at the time a boy was misused?"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "Well, I am the man"—I then recollected him by sight—he then asked whether I had got accommodation to lodge fifteen sheep for three or four days, till Romford market came on—I said I had not, but recommended him to an old lady named Stringer, and I went there with him—on our way I saw the fifteen sheep standing in the road, and passed them—the prisoners Beardmore and Coleman were with them—Coleman had on a brown short coat, and there was a very large black dog with him, with a white face, what is called a sheep-dog—Coleman managed the dog—I afterwards saw the sheep driven into Mrs. Stringer's field, as I was standing in the road—String's field is about nine miles and three quarters from Whitechapel church—after the sheep were put in the field, we went to the Chequers, and had two pints of half-and-half—I saw all the four prisoners there—Puttick was in the beer-shop when we went in.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Did they all go into the beer-shop? A. The three went in, and Puttick was there when they went in—the sheep were then in Stringer's field—before they were put there, Beardmore and Coleman minded them, whilst Wilson was talking to me.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. All you saw Coleman do was to mind the sheep, and assist in driving them with the dog? A. Yes, that is all.





ALLEN STRINGER
. I am a farmer, living at Barking-side. Kidley came to me with Wilson about these sheep—I gave him permission for them to be in my field—I did not see them myself, but they were afterwards taken from the same field—there were no other sheep in that field, or in that neighbourhood.





WILLIAM RICHARDSON
. I am a police-inspector. In consequence of information I went to Barking-side on the 18th of September, and found fifteen sheep in Stringer's field—I afterwards showed those fifteen sheep to Mr. Maydwell's son, and the shepherd.





ROBERT LAUDERDALE
 (police-constable K 344.) I was on the road near Barking-side on the 18th of September, and saw fifteen sheep, and Wilson, Beardmore, and Coleman with them—they were coming from Ilford, towards where Mr. Stringer lives—I also saw a cart, and a man riding in it—I cannot swear who that man was—he held his head down, so that I could not see his face—I asked Wilson if he was one of the men that was stopped with the horse and cart—he said he was (I had had information that a cart had been stopped by the road side) I said, "Are you not going towards London with the sheep?"—he said not, he had bought them at Brentwood, and was going to leave them with a friend for a few days—we then walked on together—he complained of not being well, and said he had left Brentwood at twelve o'clock at night, and was going to leave them with a friend who lived by the side of old Fairlop Oak, till Romford market-day.





JOHN WOOD
. I am a policeman. I was in the road near Barking-side on the morning of the 18th, and saw Wilson a little distance before the sheep, Puttick was in a cart behind Wilson, and Beardmore and Coleman behind the cart—the sheep were before the cart.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-constable N 69.) I went to look after Wilson in consequence of what I heard from Rogers—I went to White-cross-street,

where Wilson keeps a marine store-shop—I did not find him there—I found him at Rogers's, at Kingsland, and took him into custody there, on Sunday, the 19th of September—I told him there were fifteen sheep stopped at Ilford, and that he was the party described as being with them at the time they were stopped—he said he bought them of a man named William Jones, a drover, in Smithfield, on the Monday previous, for 15l. 10s.





JOHN ANDERSON
. I am Governor of the House of Correction at Ilford—I had the custody of the prisoners. On Wednesday, the 6th of October, a letter was brought to me by one of my officers, who is not here—in consequence of what he said, I took the letter in my hand and went to the prisoners—they were all present—on my entering the yard, Wilson addressed me, and said, "I am very sorry about that letter, sir; I am afraid it will do me serious injury; I was not aware that such a letter had been written, and it will do me more harm than all the money I am now paying will do me good."

COURT. Q. How do you know what letter he was speaking of? A. They were aware, the day before, that this letter had been intercepted, and that it was in my possession—I did not see any of them the day before to mention it—I heard nothing about it from them the day before, but there was no other letter in question—I had this letter in my book in my hand—I pulled it out—I did not show it to them—I kept it in my hand—I said, I must show it to the Magistrate—Wilson said to Coleman, "You had no business to write it at all, you had no business to do suck a thing"—Coleman said, "I cut my finger here (pointing to his hand) and wrote it, but not with the knowledge of Wilson or Beardmore, but I wrote it from overhearing a conversation between them"—it is written in blood—Wilson said, "If it dropped from my pocket I am sure I was not aware of it, I must have taken it up with my handkerchief"—I had said nothing about its being dropped from his pocket—Puttick said, "I was not aware of it"—that was all that passed—I had no other letter brought to me—I went to them in consequence of a message I had received.

Letter read—"My dear father and mother, I hope you will get three or four persons to say that I was at home on the 12th of September—to say that you had a party there to dinner, and say that I got up on Monday morning, I got up at five o'clock with you on the Monday morning, the 13th, and went to Smithfield to look for a place. My dear Margaret, go to that man that I had the dogs of, ask him to come and say that he was there at dinner; let my father see him; there is only against me a boy ten years old: dear father, be sure and get these persons, it will do me more good than anything."

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Can all the prisoners write, do you know? A. I am not aware that they can—they have given in that only one can write, and that is Coleman—my impression is that only one can write—according to our prison regulations we are obliged to put down who can write—the letter is not addressed to anybody.

MR. PAYNE
called






WILLIAM LINTON
. I am a hair-dresser, and live in Smithfield. I have known Coleman from a child, and always considered him honest—I know his father—he has no mother, I attended at her funeral, I think two years ago—I have not seen Ms father lately, perhaps for a month—I believe he is married again—I have heard so, but cannot speak positively.


Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. What is the prisoner? A. He has got his living by fulfilling situations as waiter, but latterly he has taken to driving sheep—I have known him driving sheep occasionally in the market—I have never seen a dog with him.
(Thomas Negus, a baker, Whitecross-street; John Smith, licensed-victualler, Lower Whitecross-street; and Daniel Hammond, beer-shop-keeper, Upper Whitecross-street; deposed to Wilson's good character.)

WILSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

BEARDMORE—


GUILTY
.** Aged 17.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

COLEMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 17—Recommended to mercy.—



Confined Twelve Months.

PUTTICK—


NOT GUILTY
.
(There was another indictment against Wilson for a like offence.)

Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

