



1222. 




JANE THOMPSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of April, 1 purse, value 1s.; 5 sovereigns, and a 5l. Bank-note, the property of 



Robert Grimes Hurst, from his person.






ROBERT GRIMES HURST
. I am in the service of Her Majesty's customs. Late on Friday night the 4th of April, or early on Saturday morning, I was in Bishopsgate-street, walking home—I was sober—I was accosted by two women who importuned me to go with them—they took hold of my arm, and after some difficulty I shook them off and got rid of them—I said I would have nothing to do with them—my purse was in my trowsers pocket—it contained a 5l. note, about five sovereigns, and four or five shillings—I lost it, but before I discovered it, the girls had gone away—I told a policeman—I then went home, and about five o'clock was called up, and saw the prisoner in custody—I cannot swear that she was one of the persons with me.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did one person put her arm round your waist? A. I believe she did, I cannot say—she took hold of my arm—I endeavoured to shake them off, and after a minute or two I got rid of them.





JOHN HASSELL
 (City police-constable, No. 392.) I was on duty in Bishopsgate-street at a quarter-past one o'clock at night—I saw the prisoner and another female standing in conversation about ten yards from the Vine inn—I came on and saw the prosecutor—they went to him and the prisoner took hold of him, the other walked on, and after they got some distance, the other took his arm, and they walked on out of sight.

Cross-examined. Q. This was past one o'clock? A. Yes—they were not together more than a minute—they crossed the street and took hold of him while he was passing by—I saw him again in about three quarters of an hour, and be told me he had been robbed.





GEORGE MILLARD
. I am a policeman. I was on duty in Bishopsgate-street Within—I saw the prisoner, another woman, and the prosecutor—

they crossed the road, and the prosecutor turned into Clark's-place, and as he came out the prisoner took his arm.





MARTIN BOOTS
 (police-constable H 172.) About half-past one o'clock on the morning of the 4th of April, the prisoner came and asked me where she could get something to drink—I said I could not tell—I saw her go on, and under several lamp-posts she appeared to be counting money out of one hand into the other—I saw her again at the corner of Spital-square—she wanted to give me sixpence, which I would not take—I then met another officer, went with him, and we took the prisoner in a house with some money—she said, "You are all men alike, take and divide it"—she then said, "I robbed a gentleman in Bishopsgate-street," and in going to the station-house she said, "I robbed a swell in Bishopsgate-street, and you do not blame me"—she had three sovereigns and a half in one hand, and some silver in the other—we cannot trace the note.

Cross-examined. Q. She was the worse for liquor? A. Yes.





FERDINAND M'KEE
 (police-constable H 4.) Boots came to my station and said a gentleman had been robbed—I accompanied him to the prisoner's house—he took her—we had to use force in taking the money from her—from one hand I took three sovereigns and one half-sovereign, and from the other three half-crowns and some silver—I found this purse next morning in a cupboard in the room where she lodged.

Cross-examined. Q. Did she say going along that she had the money from a Quaker and a Methodist? A. She said at first she had it from Scotland, and afterwards she said from a Quaker and a Methodist—she was in liquor—I made search, but the purse was not there when we took her away.





ELIZABETH PLANT
. My husband is a licensed victualler. The prisoner called about one o'clock, or a little after, on the night in question, and left a sovereign for me to take a small debt that she owed—I did not know exactly what it was—she said she would call in the morning and take the change.





ROBERT GRIMES HURST

re-examined. This is like the purse I lost—it is similar, it appears rather longer than mine, but it is the same sort—mine was a mourning purse.




GUILTY
.* Aged 32.—


Transported for Ten Years.
