




2754. 




MARY LOCK
 and 




GEORGE BARKER
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
18th of October, 1 purse, value 3d.; 1 half-crown, and 11 shillings; the property of 




Christopher Pitcher, from the person of 



Catherine Pitcher.






CATHERINE PITCHER
. I am the wife of Christopher Pitcher, a black-smith,

in Warwick-street, Woolwich. I went to Charlton fair on the 18th of October, with Catherine Potter—I was looking at a show about two o'clock in the afternoon—while I was looking at the horsemanship I saw Lock at the side of us—she lifted up my gown, and then took my purse out of my pocket—it was safe there before—there was 12s. 6d. in it—Barker stood aside us, with another man, and Lock was in the middle of the two—they all then went away together—when I went through the booth Barker said how dare I accuse his wife—I had charged both of them—the two men pushed me, while Lock got away—she ran off.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Your attention was very much directed to the horsemanship, was it not? A. Yes—mine was a light-coloured purse—I did not get it again—my friend was on my right side—there were a good many other persons there—I never saw Lock before—I had been in the fair about five minutes.





CATHERINE POTTER
. I live at Woolwich. I was in company with the prosecutrix—directly we went into the fair we stood at the bottom of the fair—the crowd was in front of us—Lock went in front of us, and looked in both our faces—she came and placed herself on the side of me—Barker was on one side of Lock, and the other man on the other—the prosecutrix's gown was lifted up—I did not see Lock lift it up, but she stood close to me, so that no one could do it but her—she was covered in between the two men, so that no one could see what her hand did—the prosecutrix felt something, and put her hand down to her side, and her purse was there, but the moment after the gown was lined up the purse was gone, and the prisoners escaped.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you speak to Lock? A. No—my husband is a labourer—there were not many persons near us—these were the nearest—I did not see the purse in the prosecutrix's pocket—I had not seen it all day—there were persons in front of me.





GEORGE BEASON
 (police-constable R 289.) I was on duty—I saw the two prisoners, and a tall man with them—I saw Barker first in a brown top coat, and the other man had on a Taglioni coat—they appeared to have changed coats that morning—I saw Lock go to Barker and give him a light-coloured purse—I did not search them till they got to the station.

Cross-examined. Q. About what time was this? A. A little after two o'clock—I saw the prosecutrix, and shortly after the prisoners left the place where they had been standing—the prosecutrix came to me after the purse had been handed—I did not take them into custody then—I did not take Lock at all—they got away while I asked two other ladies whether they had lost any thing—the purse has not been found.

Barker. Q. If you had suspicion why did you not apprehend us? A. You had got too far off while I spoke to two ladies in black.

LOCK—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined Six Months.

BARKER*—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years.
