



300. 




HENRY STANHOPE WINKWORTH, alias
 Henry Stanhope, alias
 Stanton,

 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
28th of Aug., at 
St. James, Clerk en well, 2 watches, value 34l., the goods of 



John Menzies, in his dwelling-house; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY MENZIES
. I am the wife of John Menzies, a watch-maker, and live at No. 4, Upper Charles-street, in the parish of St. James, Clerkenwell At the latter end of Aug. last year I had a bill in my parlour-window stating that apartments were to let—on a Thursday, at the latter end of Aug., about five o'clock, the prisoner came to look at them—the servant showed him into the drawing-room—I went up and found him there—he said that he wanted apartments, that he was a Dr. Stanhope, come home lately from India, and that be wanted to be quiet, as he was in a delicate state of health—I showed him the drawing-room and bed-room—he said he did not want a sitting-room to himself, that he would like to sit with the family—he was to sit with us, and to pay 15s. 6d. a-week—he staid about half an hour with me—I had an opportunity of observing his features, and I am sure he is the man—next afternoon, between three and four o'clock, he came again to look at the apartments, and to know if he could be quiet, as he was in such a delicate state of health—he decided on taking them, and said he would write to let me know when he would come—he was in the parlour that time—he

did not go up stairs at all—he was only with me a few minutes on that occasion—I received a letter at eight o'clock next evening, in consequence of which I expected the prisoner, but not that evening—I have not got that letter—I went out with my husband a little after nine that evening—I do not think we were out more than a quarter of an hour—I left no one but the servant Guilfoyle in the house—when I came back I found her at the door with the door open—when I went out I had left two gold watches on the mantel-piece in the parlour in little leather bags—I had seen them there just the moment we were going out—when I came back I missed them—I did not see the prisoner again till I saw him at Clerkenwell Police Court, about a month ago I think—I knew him again the moment I saw him—I said—"You are the Doctor Stanhope that stole the watches"—he said, "You are mistaken, I never saw you before."

Prisoner. Q. Was I pointed out to you, when you saw me at Clerkenwell? A. No—you were not alone—you were in a room with the policemen—I knew you the moment I saw you, by your features and eyes, that you were the person who came to take the lodging sixteen months before—I went to Margate with my husband, and a person named Logan—I had known Logan about three weeks before—he came to our house, and asked for a person named Stanhope, and I said, "Yes, it is the person who stole the watches"—he said a person answering the description was at Margate, and I went there to look for him—I did not find him there—Mr. Logan paid part of my expenses there—my husband paid them back—Mr. Logan has called on us at different times—I should have known you, if I had met you among a hundred men.





WALTER M'GREGOR LOGAN

was called by
MR. CLARKSON, but the prisoner declined asking him any questions.)





ELIZA GUILFOYLE
. I am the wife of Patrick Guilfoyle, and live at No. 10, Rose and Crown-court, Islington. In August, last year, I was in the service of Mr. and Mrs. Menzies—I know the prisoner perfectly well—I remember his coming to look at my master and mistress's apartments, in August last year—I opened the door to him—he asked, "Are there apartments to let?"—I said, "Yes," and showed him into the drawing-room—I went and told Mrs. Menzies, and she went up stairs to speak to him—on the Saturday night after, I remember master and mistress going out to market—they had not been long gone, for all I had done was to go up and turn one of the beds down, when I heard a double knock at the door—I answered the door, and it was the prisoner—he asked me, did my mistress tell me that the doctor was coming to lodge there—I said, "Yes," and showed him into the parlour—he said he had come from the country, that he was very hungry, and wished his supper, and told me to get it—I went down into the kitchen to fetch up the waiter with his supper when I came up he was gone, and the street door was open about a foot—I cannot say how long I was gone, I think not more than five or six minutes—when I let him in, I shut the street door—he had a little black dog with him, but no luggage or any portmanteau—I did not open the door wider till master and mistress came back—I was at the door then—the cheesemonger's boy came to the door—no person but the prisoner had been to the house during my master and mistress's absence—the cheesemonger's boy did not come into the house.

Prisoner. Q. You state when you came up, you found the boy at the door? A. He came afterwards—the door was open when he came—he knocked, just as I laid the waiter on the parlour table—I had not the door in my hand—I had not shut the door—I do not think the boy had time to come into the parlour—I cannot say the very time you went out—I do not think it was above a quarter of an hour from the time master and mistress

went out, till they returned—I was not with Mr. Menzies when she saw you at Clerkenwell—I was waiting in the passage—I was not speaking to Mrs. Menzies—she saw you before I did—she said she had seen you—I identified you of ray own knowledge—I knew you perfectly well—I saw you in the parlour for about five minutes, and you asked me a great many questions about Belfast—I have not seen any picture or print of you that I should know—a picture was shown me, before I saw you at Clerkenwell Court—when I saw the picture, I said, I did not know you by the picture, but I should know you by seeing you yourself.

MR. CLARKSON. Was that the picture they showed you of him? (producing one.) A. Yes.

Prisoner. Q. Who showed you the picture? A. Mr. Logan.





GEORGE DEVERELL
. In June, 1841, I went into the service of Mr. Crump, a cheesemonger in Goswell-road—he served Mr. Menzies—I recollect going there one night about ten o'clock—I do not recollect the month it was in—I think I had been at Mr. Crump's about two months—when I got there the door was closed—I cannot tell whether it was catched or not—I knocked at it, and a female servant came to the door—I cannot say who she was—I did not go into the house at all.





ELIZA GUILFOYLE

re-examined. That is the boy that came to the door.





MARY MILLER
. I am single—I lived at No. 3, Mary's-place, Peckharm, New-town. I know the prisoner—he called upon me in Sept. last year—I cannot tell the day—we went out together, and he gave me a watch to pledge for him—it bad the appearance of a gold one—he said his father had come to town, that he wished to make an appearance, he had not money, and he wished to raise money on this watch—he told me his name was Stanhope—I bad known him some time—in consequence of what he said to me, I pledged the watch at Mr. Filmer's, in the Walworth-road in my own name, for I think 5l., but I cannot exactly say—I gave the money and duplicate to the prisoner—I should say there was a glass to the watch, but I had it in my hand a very short time—the dial was gold—I pledged another watch for him, not at the tame time—I cannot say how long afterwards—one was in Sept., and the other I think in Nov., both in the last year—I pledged one at Turner's—I do not know whether it was the first or second one, and the other I pledged at Filmer's—I pledged hoth in my own name—the second one had also a gold dial—the prisoner had a little black dog at the time I knew him—I believe it was a valuable one—he told me when I pledged one of the watches that he had an allowance from his father, that his father had stopped that allowance, that he wished for money to go to the Isle of Wight, and this watch was Merely a temporary thing till he got his money—I gave the pawnbroker directions to put my own name on the duplicate of the one pledged at Filmer's—I said, "You had better put the maker's name on"—the prisoner said it was a valuable watch, and I thought if I did not take it out, it would be all right, not being accustomed to such things—I gave him the duplicate and money—he took the duplicate, read it, and said, "You have pledged this in your own name and the maker's"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "Quite right,"—folded it up and put it into his waistcoat pocket.

Prisoner. Q. How do you know that the watch pledged in Sept., might not have been redeemed, and the same watch given you again to pledge in Nov.? A. I cannot swear to that, but I pledged, as I considered, two watches—it was in the evening when I pledged it.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you recollect, when you pawned the second watch whether he said anything to you about the first? A. No—he name no remark.






JOHN NEALE
. I am shopman to Mr. Filmer, a pawnbroker, in Kennington-road. I produce a gold watch, pawned on the 29th of Sept., 1841, in the name of Miller, for 6l. 10s.—we usually write the maker's name on the duplicate—I suppose I did it on that occasion, but I do not recollect, it is too long ago—I have the counterpart of the duplicate—the other one is not forthcoming—it was pledged by a respectable looking female—it is too long ago to recognise her features.

Prisoner. Q. Who called on you respecting the watch first? A. The officer, about a fortnight or three weeks ago, in company with Mr. Logan—Mr. Logan requested me to look back as far as September, and see whether I had such a thing—I did not hear him say he would give 1, 000l. to transport you, or any thing of the kind.





JOHN MENZIES
. This watch is my property—I went out with my wife on a Saturday night at the latter end of August last year—this was one of two watches which were on the parlour mantel-piece at that time—we returned in about a quarter of an hour, and missed both—they were worth about 35l.—this is not so valuable as the other—it is worth about 12l. or 14l.

Prisoner. Q. Have the expenses of this prosecution been defrayed from your own pocket? A. Not entirely, partly by Mr. Logan—I have received no money from him—he gave me information about the property, and kindly offered me the use of his purse as well—he did not promise that if I would prosecute he would defray the expenses—he has promised to defray part of the expenses of the prosecution—I have no recollection of his saying that every effort should be made to transport you, or words to that effect.

Prisoner's Defence. It is a combination of other parties against me; Mr. Menzies is not the real prosecutor, but merely the nominal prosecutor; he said before the Magistrate that his expenses were paid to Margate; that he wished to go there once, but he did not wish to go a second time; Logan called on him repeatedly to go a second time; I was given into custody there on this charge, and detained two days; the Magistrate sent up to Mr. Menzies to come down; he declined coming, and said he did not wish to be troubled any more about it; Logan came down with an officer, and took me by violence after I was dismissed on the charge there; I was dragged on to Canterbury, and from there to London; he sent, in the morning, to Mrs. Menzies, who has been very well tutored by Logan; he had called eight or ten times on the Menzies before Mrs. Menzies was brought to me; I was pointed out to her, and asked, "Is that the man?" and she said, "Yes, that is the man that stole the watches;" she was asked before the Magistrate how she knew that; she said she was told by her servant; the servant made a similar statement; I was pointed out to the servant in like manner; it is entirely a conspiracy against me by this party; this is the sixth time I have been given into custody within the last sixteen months, and dismissed; I was tried at this Court before on a similar charge.





CHARLES HAYWARD HUGHES
. In the year 1836 I was a constable—I know the prisoner—I produce a certificate of his conviction—I was present at his trial for stealing three watches of James Stafford, of No. 9, Gainford-street, Islington, he was sentenced to be transported for life—he is the man—(certificate read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 39.—


Transported for Life.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)

Before Mr. Baron Alderson.

