




2361. 




PETER WILLIAM PRICE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of January, 6 sheep, price 9l.; the goods of 



Benjamin Matthews.






BENJAMIN MATTHEWS
. I live at Whetston—these are my father William Matthews's sheep—I saw them safe on the 18th of January, in the almshouse field, in the parish of Friern Barnet; and on the 20th, I found six carcasses and six skins in Newgate market—I was in search of them from the 18th till the 20th, and I identified them—I took one prisoner named Thompson at that time—he was tried and transported for ten years—I did not see any thing of this prisoner to my knowledge.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You saw Thompson at the shop in Newgate market? A. Yes, I had not known him in the neighbourhood.





WILLIAM STILES
. I live in West-street, Saffron-hill—on the 19th of January, I saw the prisoner with Thompson, helping to dress some sheep at Bowling-street, Clerkenwell—he was taking the skins off—there were three skins hanging up, and three on the ground—I saw the prisoner, and Thompson, and Shelcross, the next morning, coming to fetch them away in a truck; the prisoner said, "Good morning," and said he had taken the premises and should have a slaughter-house built there—I said I was a bricklayer, if he had not spoken to any one else, I should be glad to have the job—he said, "Very well, as you are a neighbour I shall employ you"—I never saw any more of him.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you certain he said he intended to make it a slaughter-house? A. Yes, the others did not speak—I had not known them before.





WILLIAM SHELCROSS
. Between ten and eleven o'clock, on the 20th of January, the prisoner and Thompson came to me,—the prisoner said, "Me and my friend have got six sheep and six skins, at Cow-cross; if you can get a salesman to sell them, we will give you ten shillings"—I got Mr. Payne, a salesman—I went for the sheep and skins, and took them to Newgate market from where they were slaughtered—I saw the skins identified by Benjamin Matthews—these are the skins—the sheep were badly dressed—the prisoner said, "You can leave the skins and feet "—I said, "Without I have them I wont take the carcasses;" and we took them all.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know Thompson before? A. No—I saw the prisoner about twelve years ago, but not since, till he came about the sheep, nor since that, till he was in custody—he used to keep a kind of chandler's-shop—my wife dealt with him—I don't owe him 16s. 6d.—I cannot say whether my wife does—he was acquainted with me—I am a butcher, and have been eighteen years in Newgate-market.





GEORGE GIRLING
 (police-constable G 94.) I took the prisoner at a chapel in Chapel-court, Windmill-square, in the middle of the service.
(William Palmer, cheesemonger, in Frederick-street, Hampstead-road; and Robert Atkins, a plumber, in John's-row, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 42.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.
—
Transported for





Ten Years.


