



1326. 




WILLIAM LORLY



, burglary in the dwelling-house of 



Richard Scrafton Sharpe, with intent to steal; having been before convicted.


MR. COCKLE
conducted the Prosecution.






RICHARD SCRAFTON SHARPE
. I live at 56, Fenchurch-street, in the parish of All Hallows Staining. On 7th Mary I came home at a quarter to twelve, and went to bed—my wife was up—after I had been asleep twenty or thirty minutes, I was awoke by her coming into the room and saying something—I heard the kitchen window go up, which is upon the first floor—I opened the window, and called, "Police!"—they came up, and went into the kitchen—I heard a scuffle, and the policeman came out again, saying, "The fellow has bundled himself out of window"—I saw the window open, and a man's hat in the room.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. When did you see the window shut? A. Five or seven minutes before twelve, just prior to going to bed—I have two female servants, they were not up—I did not shut the windows, or feel to see that they were shut.





WILLIAM MARCHANT
 (City police-inspector). On the morning of 8th May, in consequence of information, at about a quarter to one, I went to Mr. Sharpens, and, on entering, heard the window thrown up—I ran to the window, and saw something gc out, I cannot say what—I found this bat (produced) in the room—a few minutes afterwards the prisoner was brought to the station—he was searched, and, on leaving the bar, asked faintly for his hat—he then turned it off, and said, "Give me my handkerchief"—he could scarcely stand or speak—he was searched, and a knife, comb, and pencil found on him—next morning I took the knife, which has a broken point, and compared it with some marks on the kitchen door at Mr. Sharpe's—I

have no doubt they were done with this knife—it appeared to have been recently broken.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you fit the point into the marks? A. It was a scrape, as if they had been scraping the bolt back—I did not find the point—there were no marks which corresponded with the knife.





CHARLES BUSH
. I am a superintendent of the coalwhippers, of Lower Thames-street. I was returning home, and saw the prisoner come from Mr. Sharpe's kitchen window, between twelve and one o'clock, come down the spout with the agility of a cat, and fall on his hands and feet—he had no hat—he got up, ran away, and I pursued him with a constable down Mark-lane, up Hart-street, Crutched-friars, and Colchester-street, to Tower-hill.





RICHARD GLBSON
 (City policeman, 520). On 7th May, between twelve and one o'clock at night, I was at the end of Fenchurch-street, and heard a cry of "Police!"—I went, and saw Mr. Sharpe looking out of window—. went into the house, and was close behind Marchant when he opened the door, and heard the window go up—I went down stairs, saw a man without. a hat, and followed him down Hart-street—I lost Him in Cooper's-row, where Button took the chace from me—the prisoner is the man.





FREDERICK KEYSER
 (policeman, H 118). About one o'clock that morning, I was in the Postern-row, Tower-hill, and saw the prisoner run by within ten yards of me without a hat—I saw some people and the City police coming up Cooper's-row—I followed the prisoner up the Minories, and never lost sight of him till I caught him—I asked him where his hat was—he said he had lost it, and lost himself.





CHARLES BUTTON
 (City-policeman, 569). On 7th May I was on duty, and saw the prisoner running in Cooper's-row about ten minutes to one o'clock, and when he got past me 200 or 300 yards I followed him, hearing my brother officer call, "Stop him!"—I saw him stopped.





ELIZABETH SHARPE
. I was sitting up for my son in the dining-room on the first floor, and about half-past twelve o'clock I heard the kitchen window open, and a person enter and shut the window down—I told my husband—the communion-plate, of which we have had the care for some years, was in the house that night—my husband is a grocer.





RICHARD WALKER
 (policeman, G 33). I produce a certificate (read—William M'Williams convicted June, 1847; confined one year)—I was present—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.

