



1513. 




THOMAS RUSSELL
 was indicted

 for uttering a forged request for the delivery of 3 pieces of satinett, with intent to defraud 


Wynn, 


Ellis, and others.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES CARTLIDGE
. I am one of the firm of Wynn, Ellis, and others, of St. Paul's-churchyard—we had a customer named Owen, in Great Coram-street. On the 23rd of July the prisoner came to the warehouse, about eleven o'clock—he produced this order—he said he brought it from Mr. Owen, of Coram-street, and he was going further, to the house of Rogers, in Watling-street, and would call for the goods on his return—I gave the order to one of our young men, to take it into the entering-room—these patterns were on it—(read—"Gentlemen, you will oblige by sending, per bearer, one piece of satinett to each colour of pattern, not to exceed 4A.—For yours, respectfully, W. D. Owen.")

Prisoner. Q. Was the letter sealed? A. I do not recollect—I should say this was sealed, from the appearance of it at present.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are you sure he told you he brought it from Owen's, in Coram-street? A. Yes.





JOSEPH GIBSON
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Ellis and Co., in the entering department I received this order—the parcel was prepared, and that and the order were sent to me to be entered—Mr. Owen, of Coram-street, deals at our house—I looked at this order, and in consequence of

some suspicion I entertained, I saw the prisoner when he returned, which? was in about twenty minutes—I asked him what he wanted—he said he had I come for the goods for W. D. Owen, of Coram-street—he was then in the T entering-room, where the parcel was lying on the counter—I said, "There j they are; is there anything else in the house?"—he said, "No, that is til"'—I then entered the order, and after entering it, I took it up and said, "This is not Mr. Owen's writing"—he said, "No"—I said, "Who wrote it then?"—he said, "The shop-walker"—I said, "1 don't like it—from the appearance of this order I should not be justified to give up goods to this amount; I will send or go with you to Mr. Owen, "to which he replied, "Very well"—we got a cab, and proceeded there—I asked him in the cab whose writing it was—he said, "Mr. Williams, the shop-walker"—when we got to Mr. Owen's, I did not see him, but I saw the shop-walker, and he said, in the prisoner's presence, that he did not know the writing at all—the prisoner did not make any answer.





WILLIAM DANIEL OWEN
. I am a silk-mercer, and carry on business in; Great Coram-street—this order is not my writing, nor is it in any way authorized by me—I never saw the prisoner till he was in custody—Mr. Smith is my shop-walker, and was so at that time—I am a customer of Mr. Ellis's.





JOHN SMITH
. I am in the employ of Mr. Owen, as a shop-walker—I re ceive money from the other men, and see that the customers are attended to—I did not write this order, nor authorise any one to do it—I did not send for these goods.

Prisoner's Defence. I have been made the dupe of designing persons; I thought them my friends and they took me in; I met a young man named Motts in St. Paul's Church-yard, who had lived with me at Mr. Nunn's, a draper; he asked me where I was; I said I was looking for a situation; he said he knew Mr. Owens, and their shop-walker's name was Williams; he gave me this paper to carry; he told me he had to take it to Ellis and Everiogton for these goods, and asked me to do it while he went to see a proctor in Doctors Commons; I was to give it to any person I saw, and to tell him I had to go to Rogers, in Watling-street; I did so, and then he told me to fetch the goods; when I did that, they asked me to go in a cab, and when I got there I found the person who gave me the order was not known there.




GUILTY
. * Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years,

