







2301. 




PHŒNIX PARKER,



 THOMAS BUCKERIDGE,



 JOSEPH MARTIN,



 HENRY PALMER
, and 




THOMAS JEFFERYS
, were indicted for

 stealing 1 purse, value 2s.; 2 half-sovereigns; 1 half-crown; 1 shilling; and 2 groats; the property of 



Elizabeth Delamare; from her person.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN JENKINSON
 (policeman, G 53.) On Friday afternoon, the 1st of Oct. about ten minutes past five o'clock, I was in Sun-street, Bishopsgate, and I saw the five prisoners at the corner of Ship-alley, with another man who is not is custody—they stood there seven or eight minutes—I saw the prosecutrix come along with a lady and gentleman; they passed by where the prisoners were—when they had passed a few yards, the prisoners and the other man passed on behind the ladies and gentleman—Martin, I believe it was, passed and walked in front of the lady next the kerb—Parker then walked up to the right side of the lady, the other four covered him behind, and I distinctly saw Parker put his left hand in the lady's pocket, in her dress; he withdrew his hand instantly, and passed something to the hand of Palmer, who was on his left—I was six or seven yards from them, walking towards Palmer; he looked over his shoulder, saw me, and started off, and Parker followed him—the other four crossed to the other side of the street—I followed Palmer and Parker—Palmer outran me—I caught Parker; he said twice, "I have not got it," and laid down on the ground—I was fearful I should lose the lady, and took Parker up and carried him under my arm, went to the lady, and told her what I had seen—she felt in her pocket and said she had lost her purse.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL.
Q. There were six of them? A. Yes—I should know the sixth man if I saw him—Parker put his left hand in the lady's right-hand pocket—Buckeridge was immediately behind him—the lady was going towards Bishopagate-street—I have not threatened that I would do something of this sort for Palmer—I do not know any toll-collector named Street—I know no Mr. Street—I believe there is a toll-collector at the corner of Sun-street; I do not know him—I know the toll-collector in the City-road, and two or three others, but not their names—I did not tell one of the toll-collectors in the City, that I would give 20l. to get Palmer lagged—nor words to that effect—I did not have a row with Palmer—he reported me for searching his stable and carts—I did not beg him to let the matter drop—he was told to appear at the superintendent's office at nine o'clock the next morning, and he did not—he was taken for an attempt at burglary a few hours after, and was convicted by the Lord Mayor.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON.
Q. Your attention was particularly attracted to the principal actors? A. Yes; but I positively speak to the whole of the prisoners.





JOHN NOONE
 (City policeman, 664.) I was Union-street, Bishopsgate, that day—I heard of this robbery—I afterwards saw Buckeridge in a crowd in Union-street—I took him to the station—I found on him a half-crown, a shilling, these two fourpenny pieces, and a duplicate of a ring—I afterwards showed the two fourpenny pieces to the prosecutrix—she claimed them.


Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. Where did you find the fourpenny pieces? A. In Buckeridge's left hand trowsers pocket, loose—I had no fourpenny pieces—I had no money—one of these fourpenny pieces has a small hole in it, and the other a larger hole.





JOHN SPITTLE
 (City policeman, 671.) I was in Bishopsgate-street on that afternoon, and saw the five prisoners near Devonshire-street—Parker was standing on the kerb, looking in every direction—after a time they went on separately into Devonshire-street, and then to the top of Houndsditch, to Aldgate—after a few minutes they returned to Houndsditch, and went back to Bishopsgate-street—I had known them before—there were six or seven altogether—I did not know their names before this.





ELIZABETH DELAMARE.
 I am single. On Friday afternoon, the 1st of Oct., I was in town with my mother and brother—we went to a shop in Sun-street, Bishopsgate—I saw the prisoner Parker looking in at the window—we staid in the shop about a quarter of an hour, and then left—we had got to Union-street, when the policeman came to me—I searched my pocket, and my purse was gone—I had it in my pocket when I left home—it contained two half-sovereigns, a half-crown, a shilling, and two fourpenny pieces, both perforated as these are—I believe these are them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL.
Q. You have not seen the purse again? A. No—Parker and Buckeridge were taken into custody first—I walked on the right side of my brother, and my mamma on the other side of him—I was nearest to the kerb.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. Was it not after the last three prisoners had been taken that you recollected seeing Parker looking in at the window? A. I recollected it the first time I was before the magistrate—I do not recollect saying anything to the policeman about it; I mentioned it to my father, and at the Mansion-house—my father gave me those two fourpenny pieces at different times—I do not know how long I had them—there is no mark of mine on them—I did not make the holes in them—I do not swear to these.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON.
Q. Were there many person in the street? A. It was not very much crowded.

MR. RYLAND.
Q. Can you recollect what you were doing when Parker looked in at the window? A. Looking in the street—I did not take out my purse there.





JOSEPH HEDINGTON
 (City policeman, 20.) On the 2nd of Oct. I received instruction to took after Martin, Palmer, and Jefferys—I have known all the prisoners for years—on Sunday, the 10th of Oct., I was in the Borough, and saw Martin, Palmer, and Jefferys, with two other men and a women, standing at the corner of St. Thomas-street—I went up to them—Palmer, and a man who is not in custody, ran away—I told Martin I took him for robbing a lady, in Bishosgate-street, on the 1st of month—he said he knew nothing about it, he was not there; he had been out shooting that day—I found nothing on him—Jefferys was taken at the same time by another officer.





MICHAEL HAYDON
 (City-policeman, 274.) I saw Martin, Palmer, and Jefferys at the corner of St. Thomas-street, in the Borough, on the evening of the 10th of Oct.—Palmer saw me, and ran in to a public-house, I followed, took him, and told him what I took him for—he said nothing then, but on the way to the station he said, "Who is it can speak to me?"—I told him, and he said, with an oath, "Then it is all up with me, for that b----r will swear my life away"—he had a large bag with him full of wearing-apparel—he said they

were his, but afterwards said some belonged to Jefferys and to some of the others.





EDWARD FUNNELL
 (City-policeman, 32.) On Sunday, the 10th of Oct., I took Jefferys, took him to the station, and told him the charge—he said he was innocent—I found nothing on him of any importance.

PARKER—


GUILTY. Aged 13.—



Confined One Year.


BUCKERIDGE—


GUILTY.** Aged 21.

MARTIN—


GUILTY. Aged 36.

PALMER—


GUILTY.** Aged 24.

JEFFERYS—


GUILTY
* Aged 19.







Transported for Ten Years.

