




1857. 




JOHN COLLINS
 and 




WILLIAM WARREN
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Keates, about three o'clock in the night of the 
19th of June, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 bag, value 1s.; 1 frock, value 1s.; 1 petticoat, value 2s.; 1 pair of drawers, value 1s., 6d.; and 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; the goods of the said 



William Keates.






WILLIAM KEATES
. I live at No. 2, Bennett's-yard, Margaret-street, in the parish of St. John the Evangelist, Westminster; it is my dwelling-house. On the morning of the 19th of June I was alarmed, about I quarter before three o'clock—on getting up I saw the prisoner Warren in the centre of my outer-room—(my house consists of two rooms)—before I could get to open the parlour door he sprung upon a table, and got through an air-hole—I had been there about half-past eleven o'clock—the air-hole was then secure, and fastened by a catch, and I then found it open—there was nothing displaced in the room but a clothes bag, which the night before I had left suspended from a cupboard-door, was placed in the centre of the room—when Warren sprung out I gave an alarm—I am sure Warren is the man I saw.





JOHN WILLIAM
. I live in Bennett's-yard, next door but one to the prosecutor; the house between us is unoccupied; I am a lamp-lighter. On the morning of the 19th of June I was returning home—I heard a noise, and stopped—the prisoner Warren stepped out of the unoccupied building—I was about to lay hold of him when he drew back, shut the door, and fastened it—I took my own key out, and went into my own place—I went to the back and saw Warren escaping into Tufton-street—he had his trowsers and shirt on—I then went to Tufton-street, and saw the two prisoners together—they saw me, and ran—I called "Police," and they separated—Collins turned a turning—I followed Williams till I lost sight of him, but a policeman ran on till another officer took him—neither of the prisoners had shoes or stockings on—after I lost sight of Williams I came back to see what became of Collins, and they were bringing him back from a place where he had scaled over a wall.





PATRICK M'EVOY
 (police-constable B 121.) I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and saw the two prisoners running down Tufton-street together—I

pursued them—on getting near them, they separated—Collins ran to Tufton-place—I followed him—he got over two walls, and on to a shed where I took him—I asked why he was guilty of such an outrage of going into the place—he said it was the other lad—there was a pair of old boots in the prosecutor's premises—I brought them to the station-house—Collins denied their being his, but he afterwards acknowledged that they were his—he put them on, and wore them.





GEORGE CARTER
 (police-constable B 151.) I beard the rattle at three o'clock in the morning—I went, and saw Williams running out of Peter-street into Perkin's-rents—I followed and took him—I saw Collins when I got to the station-house—I told him in the morning to put on his shoes—he said, "It is no use denying it, they are mine," and be put them on.





CHARLES SANDILANDS
 (police-constable B 27.) I produce a piece of wood which the prosecutor found on the top of his house—I had seen the two prisoners together at half-past two o'clock that morning.





WILLIAM KEATES

re-examined. I found the shoes on the back wall of my premises—I found this piece of wood on the top of my house—by removing this they were able to get at the catch of the air-hole—they were forced to break this up to undo it—the hag contained the frock and the other articles stated in the indictment.





GEORGE KEMP
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of Collins's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person.

COLLINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.

WARREN**—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.




Transported for Ten Years—Convict Ship.
(There was another indictment against Warren.)
