



1681. 




CHARLES COLEMAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of April, 2 breast-pins and chain, value 5l.; the goods of 



Thomas John Watkins, from his person.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS JOHN WATKINS
. I am a wine-merchant. On the night of the 19th of April I was at Greenwich fair—I went to the Mitre tavern with a female—I had a gold pin in my scarf, and missed it after I had been there a

short time—this is it—(looking at it)—I had this in my scarf when I went into the Mitre—it is two pins and a chain.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You had been drinking more wine than you ought to have done? A. I regret to say that was the case—I had not known the female till that evening—I do not consider that I was in a condition to say whether she was sober or not—I was on some business, and met with two friends—I dined with them, and that induced me to go to the fair.





ELLEN KING
. I live in Sheffield-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields—I am assistant to a dress-maker—I was at Greenwich fair on the night of the 19th of April with a female companion—I missed her, and while I was looking for her I met with Mr. Watkins—we then went to the Mitre tavern—there was a great crowd—it was just as the fair was over—we were just against the coffee-room door, when the prisoner put his head in my face, and at the same time he drew the pin out of the gentleman's scarf—I caught hold of him by his handkerchief, and called for a police-constable—I kept the prisoner, with the assistance of the crowd, till the police-constable came—I afterwards saw the pin picked off the floor—it was given to me—I handed it over to the person at the bar—I believe this to be it.

Cross-examined. Q. Where does the dress-maker live to whom you are assistant? A. At No. 10, Sheffield-street—I reside in the house, and work for her in my own room—there is a shop there—this happened between eleven and twelve o'clock at night—I had missed my companion for about half an hour—I had not joined company with the prosecutor ten minutes when this happened—there was a great crowd—I had not been taking anything to drink myself—I saw the pin picked up, but I cannot say whether a man or a woman picked it up—I asked for it, and it was handed to me, but I really cannot tell whether it was by a man or a woman—I did not see my friend in the crowd—there were others there that I knew, men and women; but no one that I went with—I had seen them in the fair before I went to the Mitre—I was perfectly sober—I went down with a friend—the prosecutor joined me—I was alone at that time—I had never seen him before.





MARGARET ROBERTS
. I am cook at the Mitre, at the corner, near the church, at Greenwich. Between eleven and twelve o'clock on the night of the 19th of April, a pin was handed to me by a female—I wrapped it in paper, and put it on a shelf, till I gave it to the policeman.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it given you by the last witness? A. It might be her, or it might not—I believe she was the woman—I was asked at the Magistrate's if she was tipsy, and I said, "She might be, or might not"—there was a great crowd, I could not tell.





JOSEPH BUCKMASTER
 (police-constable R 42.) I was on duty about twelve o'clock at night—I was called into the Mitre—I saw Mr. Watkins, the prisoner, and King—I spoke to King; she appeared to me to be perfectly sober—the prosecutor was rather intoxicated—I received this pin from a female at the bar—I cannot say whether it was Roberts.




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Ten Years.

