





72. 




JANE BAILEY
 and 




JAMES HORNETT



, stealing 1 desk, 2 knives, and 1 snuff-box, value 17l., and 5 5l.-Bank-notes; the property of 



Elizabeth Norcraft, in her dwelling-house.—2nd COUNT, feloniously receiving the same.


MR. HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH NORCRAFT
. I was formerly a houskeeper, I afterwards took a house, No. 22, York-street, in the parish of St. Marylebone. The prisoner Bailey was introduced to me by a lady who came to lodge in my house, and was employed by me on loth, 16th, and 17th of Aug. at needlework—she used to work in the front attic—I had a writing-desk in that room—I last saw it safe on the loth Aug., when I dusted it—I had in it two silver watches, two silver pen-knives, two pair of silver scissors, a valuable pearl snuff-box, a smelling-bottle, and various other things, and 37l. in money—there were seven 5l.-notes which I hid received from Major Angelo—Bailey had complained of the state of her health several times on the 16th and 17th—she said she had the toothache—on the 16th she said she had the mumps—on the evening of the 16th I said it was dark, we could not see to work—she said she could, and I went down, and left her in the room alone—she came down in about ten minutes—she then went upstairs with a candle, to fetch her clothes, and said she would come again at seven o'clock in the morning—she came down, and her candle was out—she put it down in an agitated way, and ran upstairs very quickly, and shut the door after her—I did not see the bundle that she brought down—she was in the dark—I had no suspicion of her, but she went out in great haste—I missed my desk on Thursday the 17th—she had been to work that day—I had before told her that if I lost that desk I was ruined, for everything I possessed was in it, and on the Tuesday she asked me if I had paid my rent and taxes—I said, "No; I had been so ill, and it had been so wet I had not gone out."

Cross-examined by
MR. WILDE.Q. Are you quite sure as to the day on which you lost this desk? A. I am sure it was taken on the 16th—I missed it on the 17th, between seven and eight in the evening—she had been gone about a quarter of an hour—I have not charged any one but her with stealing it—I had a carpenter there at work on the Saturday, and on Monday the 14th—on the Tuesday he was not there—I took the desk up on Monday night the 14th, when I went to bed—it never was up there before that—I took the carpenter up on suspicion.

COURT. Q. Did he work there after the Monday? A. He came on the Wednesday and I took him up into the room—I never recollect seeing the desk after the loth—on the 16th I did not notice it—the carpenter went up on the 16th, but I went up with him—I staid till he had put a castor on the bed, and he and I went down together—I left Bailey in the room—I did not notice the desk—it stood on the left-hand side of a pair of drawers that was between the two windows.

MR. WILDE. Q. Were you at home during the whole of the 15th and 16th? A. Yes; I never left my house at all—there were other persons there, but they went no further than the parlour-door—as far as I know they did not go upstairs—I saw a man in the house on the Tuesday with a post-office order—I dusted my desk that day, between eleven and twelve o'clock—the man came about four—I saw him in the passage—I was in the passage, and then in my little room—I can see the passage from my little room—Bailey was strongly recommended to me, and I recommended her to my friends—I should have got her a situation—on the Monday morning the carpenter put a little bit of brass into the key-hole of the desk—he put it in with a bit of glue.

COURT. Q. Had he any basket, such as carpenters have, large enough to

put the desk in? A. He had a basket, but not very big—there was nothing in it but a few nails and his hammer, and so on—I do not think it was large enough to have covered my desk—the carpenter is not here—he was cleared—Mr. Broughton saw nothing against him—I told him he was never in the room alone—Mr. Broughton said, why did I suspect him—I said I did not—that was in the morning, when Bailey was liberated because I had not sufficient evidence to retain her—after that was over I came out, and my friends said, "It is the carpenter"—I said, "Perhaps it would be as well for him to have a hearing"—we went in, and Mr. Broughton said, "Have you anything more against him?"—I said, "No."

MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. At the time Bailey was discharged, had you discovered that the notes had been changed by Hornett? A. No.





JAMES NIXON
. I keep the house, 24, Francis-street, Tottenham-court-road. Bailey came to lodge there on the 2nd of August—she had a little back room, for which she was to pay 4s. 6d. a week—I asked her for a deposits—she said she had not got one: she was a poor servant girl out of place, and she wanted a cheap room—I know Hornett by seeing him come to the house to see Bailey—Hornett made application to me with respect to my coffee-shop, which he wished to take—he wished to know what I would let him have it for—he said he expected some money from his uncle, and he would consult with bis brother—his brother and he came about it, but I did not let him have it—this was about the 8th of August—on the 11th or 12th I applied to Bailey for rent—she said she had no money then, but she would pay me the two weeks together—on the 18th she gave me half a sovereign and I gave her a shilling—there was 9s. for two weeks' rent—on the morning of the 19th she bought a pair of boots of me—I think she paid me 4s. 6d. for them—I saw at that time that she had gold and silver to the amount of between 3l. and 4l:—Hornett used to come to see her occasionally—I saw him there about four days before Bailey paid me—he had been there between the 11th or 12th and the time I was paid.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLAKKSON. Q. Was it not three weeks before the 17th of August that Bailey came to you? A. No, two weeks—it was on the 15th her rent was due, and on the 18th she paid me.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILDE. Q. Are you certain it was on the 18th she paid you the rent? A. Yes—on this memorandum (looking at one) it says, "August the 8th, received one week, 4s. 6d., the 15th, received one week, 4s. 6d."—that is when the rent was due—that is my way of putting it down—I received it on the 18th.





CHRISTOPHER RIPLET
. My mother and myself live at No. 8, Cbapel-street, Tottenham-court-road—Hornett lodged there—Bailey took the lodging for him some time in June, at 3s. a week—she said it was for her brother—I applied to him about three weeks before the 17th of August for three weeks' rent—he told me to make out his bill, he would speak to his sister, and I should be paid—I made him out a bill of 9s. for three weeks' rent, and he paid it me about a fortnight before he left—he left on 17th August—I very frequently saw Bailey at Homett's—she came to my house on the night of 16th August, between eight and nine o'clock—she had a paper parcel similar to a letter wrapped in paper—she asked for James—I said he was gone to the theatre—she appeared very much excited, and said she must see him very particularly; she had a letter from his uncle, who was very ill indeed, and she must see him that night—she asked me to send my lad to the theatre to fetch him out—I said I could not think of such a thing; it was very full—she was rather troublesome, and I said, "If you must see him you had better take a candle and go up in his room and wait for him"—the shop is rather

small, and I sent her up to be out of the way—she went up stairs—she came down two or three times afterwards to know if he was come in, and he was not—I went to bed about half-past eleven o'clock, leaving her in the room—in the morning Hornett called me up between six and seven o'clock—he said, "Ripley, I wish you would get up and get me a cup of coffee; I must go into the country, and I want to pay you"—I got it for him—Bailey breakfasted with him—I cannot say whether she came from out of the house, or whether she came down stairs—she had a parcel with her as large as a gown—it seemed to be something soft, and was in brown paper—I made out Hor-nett's bill—it came to 16s.—he gave me a new 5l. note to pay it—I had not change for it, and I gave it him back—my boy, William Leech, came down in about half an hour, and I saw that Mr. Dobree, the pawnbroker, was opening his shop—I said to Hornett, "I can get change for you now, Sir"—he gave the note to Leech, and he went and got it changed—Hornett then paid me my 16s.—he said he was going to the Eastern Counties Railway, and he went away in a cab—Bailey had gone away first with the parcel.





JAMES NIXON

re-examined. Bailey went out daily for a few hours—I do not know whether she went to work—she went out at various times, and came home generally very late in the evening.





WILLIAM LEECH
. On the morning of 17th Aug. I took a note from Mr. Hornett to get change at Mr. Dobree's—Mr. Bliss gave me the change, and he wrote on the note—I took the change to my master's.





HENRY ROBERT BAYFIELD
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England. I produce two 5l.-notes which were paid in there—they are Nos. 15075 and 15076.





WILLIAM THOMAS BLISS
. I am in the employ of Mr. Dobree, the pawnbroker. I have no recollection of Leech coming, but on the back of this note, No. 15076, here is, in my writing, 17, 1848—that indicates that I changed it on 17th Aug.





SAMUEL LOWE
. I am a tailor, in Barbican. Hornett came to my shop to buy a pair of trowsers—I cannot tell the date, but it was on the Monday morning before 24th Aug.—I think it was about the 20th or 21st—he paid for there with a new 5l. note—this is it, No. 15075—I wrote on it the name which he gave me. "Smith, 10, Bedford-row, Cambridge"—he said he was lodging in Whitccross-strert tor a short time, but his residence was at Cambridge.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. When did you pay the note away? A. On the 24th—I had not seen Hornett before, to my knowledge—he came about eight o'clock in the morning—I saw him again about a fortnight afterwards—I am sure he did not say "Cambridge—heath"—he said "Cambridge," because I asked him if he knew a Mr. Watson, whe had been a neighbour of mine, and who had got a shop there, and he said he knew the shop—to the best-of my belief Hornett is the man—I know we are all liable to mistakes—I have not any doubt that he is the man.





MAJOR RICHARD ANGLLO
. I have lodged at Mrs. Norcroft's since June, 1847—in May last 1 received from Glyn's fifty 5l.-notes, numbered consecutively from No. 15051 to 15100—I spent them as I required them—I did not take the numbers regularly till I came to 15073—I had spent the numbers before 13073 before June—I paid Mrs. Norcroft ten, the notes from No. 15075 to 15085.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You have a memorandum here?. A. Yes—I made this on Thursday night, 17th Aug., when Mrs. Norcroft spoke of her loss—I made it from my pocket-book, which I have here—here are the numbers of the notes I give her.

ELIZABETH NORCERAFAT
re-examined. I saw Horne't at my house on Tuesday,

15th Aug.—he was in my passage—he called to see Bailey, as I understood, with a Post-office order.





WILLAM MOSES
. I am a potman, in York-street, next door to Mrs. Norcraft. I saw Hornett at the corner of the mews, with his hands on the post, in the after part of the day—he was looking up to the top of the house—after he had been looking a little time, a female looked out of the attic window—it was Tuesday, Wednesday, or Thursday, I am not certain which—I think I heard of the robbery on Friday; it was in that week—I did not know which house Hornett was looking at, till I saw the female look out at 22—that female resembled the female prisoner—Hornett left where he was standing, went to the door, and placed his hand to the bell—I was not close enough to hear whether he pulled it—I was on the opposite side of the street—I cannot tell whether he pulled it or not—he stood back against the partition-board, as if he did not want to be seen—I did not stop to see whether he went in, as I was on my business.

Bailey. I had worked four days in her kitchen.





ELIZABETH NORCRAFT

re-examined. She did, but not on that occasion—she told me in the morning that she expected a Post-office order—I did not hear what Hornett said to her in the passage—she Said it was too late.
(George Walsh Hallam, Esq., a Magistrate of Hertfordshire, in whose service the prisoners had lived, gave them a good character.)

BAILEY



GUILTY

of stealing. Aged 29

HORNETT



GUILTY

of receiving. Aged 24





Transported for Seven Years.

