



1739. 




THOMAS MACKIE
 was indicted

 for uttering a forged request for the payment of money, with intent to defraud 




Henry Perrin.






HENRY PERRIN
. In December, 1845, I was managing clerk at Somerset-wharf, No. 58 and 59, Bank-side—it belongs to a coal company—Mr. Gibson is the head of the firm—on the 13th of Dec. the prisoner came to me—he called himself Thomas Roberts, a cooper, of Locks-fields—he asked the price of coals to the trade, saying he had taken a coal-shed there—I told him 1l. a Ion ready money—he ordered some, and pulled out a large sheet of foolscap paper, which was a bill to James Drunkeld, Esq., for cooper's work, saying he was going to get the money—he came back a little before four o'clock and brought this check for 17l. 10s. signed James Drunkeld, on Messrs. Drummonds—I asked him who he was—he said a gentleman he had worked for for years, and he had often taken his checks—I asked him why he did not take it to the bankers—he said there was not time—he gave me the check—I had not money enough—I got it cashed and gave him the full change—he said he had had communication with this Mr. Drunkeld for years, and that he gave it him—I have made inquiry, and cannot find any such person—we did not take the prisoner before because we could not find him.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALDWIN. Q. Did you try to find him? A. I watched for him several nights at where the coals had been delivered, which he said was his residence—he gave the name of Thomas Roberts—there was no one on our wharf who knew him by that name—I sent in one load of coals, and sent in the second load the beginning of the next week, after I had passed this check—I did not know it was bad for a week after—he said Mr. Drunkeld gave him the check instead of money—I do not recollect his saying that he would get it cashed, and let me have the money on the Monday morning—I would not send the coals away till he gave me the money—he ordered two four tons—he paid me 5l., and was to pay 3l. more the beginning of the week, when the next load went in—he offered me the check—I got the full change for it, 17l. 10s.—I did not want the check—I wished him to get it cashed—he said he saw James Drunkeld write the check, and he had

taken checks of him several times—I stated that at the police-office—is my signature to this deposition—perhaps that is not stated here, but it we said so.

COURT. Q. How soon after this did you go to see if you could find him? A. I did not know the check was bad for eight or nine days; I then went, and could find no person of the name of Thomas Roberts—after I gave him the change for the check, he asked me to go to the White Bear and take 1 glass of something, as he was intimate with the landlord, Mr. Gabb—I did so, and when I found the check was bad I went to Mr. Gabb audio. quired for Thomas Roberts—he said, "That was Tom Mackie that was with I you".





ANDREW RUSH
. I have been clerk at Messrs. Drummonds', the banken' for thirty years—we have no customer of the name of Drunkeld.




GUILTY
. † Aged 32.—


Transported for seven years.

