




2267. 




TIMOTHY SHEEHAN
 was indicted

 for unlawfully, maliciously, and feloniously assaulting 



Robert Hood, on the 
22nd of August, and stabbing and wounding him in and upon his left arm, with intent to kill and murder him.—2nd COUNT, stating his intent to be to maim and disable him.—3rd COUNT, to do him some grievous bodily harm.






ROBERT HOOD
. I am fifteen years old on the 29th of this month, and am in the service of my uncle, Mr. Robert Martin, a lithographer, of No. 26, Long-acre—I know the prisoner—he had been in my uncle's service, and had left about a fortnight I believe before this happened, but I am not certain. On Saturday, the 22nd of August, be came to the premises—I had let a person out of the shop—when I let him out, the prisoner rushed into the shop from the street—there is a little counting-house in the shop—I went in there, thinking he might have something to say to me—I thought he wanted to speak to me—he followed me into the counting-house, and made a blow at my head with this basket-maker's bodkin—(produced)—he struck at me with the pointed end—it was thrust down at me—the pointed end was towards me—I put up my left arm to defend my head—he struck me three times, and wounded me with the pointed end—it took effect on my arm in three places—he called me a b—heretic—I did not understand what he meant by that, but I believe he is a Catholic—I called out, "Murder," and some men came down to my assistance—as they were coming down, the prisoner went into the street—I followed—I did not see him secured, I was in the shop at the time—I saw him just after he had been secured in the street—I bled a good deal—I got my wounds dressed at a surgeon's—I had not had any quarrel or dispute with the prisoner—on the morning before, he met me in Seven-dials, and said he wanted to have two minutes' conversation with me, but I did not stop to speak to him, because Mr. Martin had told me if I met him in the street I was not to speak to him—I had not been concerned in any way in his being dismissed—I never had a quarrel with him to my recollection in my life—my uncle told me not to speak to him, because he was such a man he would be very likely to ask me to get him back again.





MICHAEL CARROLL
. I work for Mr. Martin—I shall be fifteen years old next November. On Saturday, the 22nd of August, I was at work at a side shop—I heard the alarm of murder, ran in, and saw the prisoner with this dagger in his hand, using it it in this way—(stabbing)—this is the instrument—I ran up stairs for assistance, and when I came down, the prisoner was going out into the street, and he was concealing the instrument up under the sleeve of his coat.





SAMUEL MOYNIHAN
. I live in Little Wild-street—I am an apprentice to Mr. Martin. Carroll called out my name, and said, "Come down, for God's sake, here is Pat murdering Robert"—I came down as quick as I could—when I got into the street, Robert said, "Oh, for God's sake, protect me, here is that Tim trying to murder me," or "been murdering me," one of the two—Robert was bleeding from the arm—I saw the blood through his shirt—the prisoner had got an instrument like this concealed behind his arm—I could just see it as he stood—he had it in his hand, when I came out, and when I looked at it, he put it up his sleeve—I went for a policeman, but when I returned, he was already in custody.





JOHN WICKINS
. I am a basket-maker, and live in Little James-street, Covent-garden. On the 22nd of August, the prisoner came to me, and

wanted to borrow an iron to make a hole through his basket-bottom—I showed him one first—he did not like that, and I showed him this one—he said that would do—I gave it to him, and he went away with it—I saw no more of him till he was in custody—I told him to bring it back within five minutes, because it was not my own, but one of my shopmates'—he said he would bring it back in five minutes—I know this to be the instrument—half an inch has been broken off the point, and it has been ground down again in our fashion; it was not sent to the grinder's, which makes it very stumpy—the point is very thick, and it ought to be very sharp.





JOSEPH OSTELL
. I am a constable of the parish of St. Martin. On the 22nd of August I saw a crowd in Long-acre—I took the prisoner into custody—he was walking away from Mr. Martin's towards the eastward—a person in the crowd said it was a pity he should be allowed to go away, as he had been murdering the boy—we had a little tussle together at first—he had his hands in his pocket—I took them out, thinking he might have some instrument there—he then said to me, "I know you very well, and will go quietly along with you; I have done very wrong, I am free to confess it; I meant for three days to murder him, and thank God I have not killed him"—he said he had deprived him of his bread—I cautioned him against making use of such words, and asked if he had not been drinking—he denied that he had, and repeated the same words again six or seven times—it was about nine o'clock in the morning—I received this instrument from some person at the station-house—the prisoner said when he saw it, "Ah, that is it."

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was it on his repeating the same thing over and over again, that you asked if he had been drinking? A. It was on his repeating it the second time—he seemed in a great state of excitement, so much so, I thought he was in liquor—there was no smell of liquor about him.





LIONEL JOHN BEALE
. I am a surgeon, and live in Long-acre. On Saturday, the 22nd of August, Hood was brought to me about nine, o'clock in the morning—I examined his left arm, and found three punctured wounds, about half an inch deep—they were such wounds as the instrument produced would make—I do not think they will at all impair the action of the arm—they were healed within ten days or a fortnight—I believe he can use his arm as well as before.

Cross-examined. Q. All danger is quite at an end I should hope? A. Quite so—there was no danger from the actual wounds—he might with the same instrument have killed the boy.
(James King, salesman, Covent-garden market; Owen Curley, boat-maker; Mrs. Taylor, wife of a wine-cooper; Jeremiah M'Carthy, labourer; and Horace Foley, labourer, deposed to the prisoner's peaceable and quiet character.)




GUILTY on the 2nd Count. Aged 49.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
