



765. 




MARIA HANSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
16th of January, at 
St. Mary, Newington, 1 shawl, value 10s.; 1 bonnet, value 15s.; 1 veil, value 10s.; 8 handkerchiefs, value 12s.; 7 gowns, value 3l.; 8 petticoats, value 30s.; 4 shifts, value 15s.; 1 pair of stays, value 5s.; 2 night-caps, value 2s.; 6 bed-gowns, value 30s.; 1 miniature and frame, value 2l. 2s.; 1 watch-key, value 3s.; 4 towels, value 2s.; 3 shirts, value 1l.; 1 habit-shirt, value 3s.; 1 table-cloth, value 3s.; 2 pairs of boots, value 15s.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 2s.; 1 apron, value 6d.; and 1 yard of calico, value 5d.; the goods of 



Eliza Stokes, her mistress, in her dwelling-house.






ELIZA STOKES
. I live at No. 2, Manor-place, Walworth, St. Mary Newington. I employed the prisoner as charwoman three or four times, and on Thursday, the 16th of January, I went to the theatre in the evening, and left her in charge of the house—I returned at twelve o'clock, knocked at the door several times, but got no answer—I found the key under the cill of the door, opened it, and found a light in the passage—the prisoner was not in the house—I found a bonnet and shawl in the kitchen—I missed from my bed-room the articles stated, the value of which is about 10l.—I have seen some of them since.





GEORGE WORLEY
. I am foreman to Messrs. Walmsley, a pawnbroker, High-street, Borough. I have a gown, bed-gown, petticoat, miniature, and watch-key, pawned by the prisoner on the 18th of January, about three o'clock in the afternoon, for 15s., which was all she asked—I am certain of her.





ROBERT FENNING
 (police-constable L 181.) I took the prisoner into custody about eleven o'clock on Saturday evening, the 18th of January, near the Surrey theatre—she had a shawl and bonnet on, a veil, and handkerchief—she was searched at the station-house by a female, who found a gown, a pair of stays, and a petticoat on her—I have some other things, which were given up by Mr. Field, a pawnbroker, in Newington-causeway, and another parcel by Mr. Folkard, of London-road—when I took her she inquired of me several times what I took her for—I asked her where she got the articles she had on—she said she purchased them, and they were her own, but the prosecutrix identified the articles she was dressed in.





SARAH TOWENSEND
. I live in Tower-street, Lambeth. I am employed to search female prisoners at the station-house. On Saturday, the 18th of January, I searched the prisoner, and found one gown, one pair of stays, and two flannel petticoats on her, which were claimed—she said she was left in the prosecutrix's house, that she put them on while the lady was away, and they were the lady's.






ELIZA STOKES

re-examined. These are my articles—my sister lives with me—it is my house—the prisoner's mother worked for me before this, but she was ill and sent her—I carry on no business—there was no servant in the house, with the exception of the charwoman—the articles were there on the Thursday—I had not missed any thing before—I discovered the extent of my loss that night.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutrix.




Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Justice William.

