



782. 




PHILIP BOWDEN
 was indicted

for stealing 1 copper, value 10s., the goods of 



James Young, and fixed to a building:—2nd Count, of 



Mary Rait; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES YOUNG
. I am agent of the house in Fancy-street from whence this copper has been stolen—it is Mary Rait's—I have the care and custody of it—I have not seen the copper safe in the house for six months-f believe no one has seen it since—I was called on Wednesday, 12th Feb.—I went to the place and saw where it had been taken from.





CHARLES COLE
. On Wednesday morning, 12th Feb., I met the prisoner and another lad with him—one of them was carrying this copper—I followed them, and two more met them—they threw down the copper and went on—I followed them to York-street, Was worth-road—I asked the prisoner where he got that copper—he said he had it given to him by some man—the officer took him—this is the copper.





JAMES BAKER
 (police-constable B 98.) On the 12th Feb. I was coming up York-street, and saw the prisoner, whom I knew perfectly well, and two or three more men—I saw there was a copper, and I heard Cole lay, "Where are you going to take that copper? I dare say you stole it from tonw poor man, take it back"—I went up, and the prisoner said two men gave it him—I asked him where he was going to take it, and he said "Home"—I took him to the station, on suspicion of stealing it—I found on him I candle which had been lighted—I saw there was an empty house in Fancy-street, and could trace, by the footmarks in the snow, that some one had been to the back door of the house—I found the back door open—a copper had been taken away, and all the brick-work lately pulled down—I fitted this copper to the place, and I believe it is the one that came from there—I took the prisoner's shoes, which were worn very much down at the heel—I tried them with the marks in the snow, and believe they correspond—I put the shoes in the marks, but before I put them down I examined them particularly—there had been liquor in the copper and it was turned out on the snow.





JAMES YOUNG

re-examined. I have looked at this copper, and I firmly believe it is the one belonging to that house—the mark of where it had been turned over was on the snow, which corresponded with the side of the copper.





JOHN SMITH
 (police-constable P 60.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read—Convicted 5th Feb., 1844, having been before convicted, and confined six months)—the prisoner is the person—he has been ten times in custody.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

