



1450. 




THOMAS YARDLEY
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of February, 14 ounces weight of silk, value 1l.; and 23 wooden bobbins, value 6d.; the goods of 



John Smart.—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
Frances Humm.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






FRANCES HUMM
. I live at No. 3, North-passage, Bethnal-green—eight or nine weeks ago I went to Smart's warehouse, near Spitalfields church, and saw the prisoner waiting in the warehouse—I had some empty bobbins with me—I left him there and was going home, and met the prisoner in Lamb-street—he touched me on the shoulder, and said he was to have my shute, which is what we weave with—it belonged to Mr. Smart—I asked him if he had got a bill—as it was usual when I give it up to have a bill delivered to me—he said he had not got one, but I could not doubt him because I had seen him at the warehouse—I told him if he had got a bill my daughter would give it him—he did not ask me for anything else—I gave him nothing then—he came three times to me, and next day he asked me for the shute—I thought it was all right, and gave him twenty-three bobbins, with silk on them, believing what he said—they belong to Mr. Smart—I was to pay 11$. for them—I should have lost my employ if I did not—it had been given me at the warehouse to work up.

Prisoner. Q. Did you ever see me before? A. Yes, at my employer's warehouse, before the shute was taken from me, but never after that.





REBECCA BEESHAW
. I am the daughter of the last witness—I saw her give the bobbins to the prisoner out of the window—he tied them in a blue handkerchief and took them away.

Prisoner. Q. Did you ever see me before? A. Yes, I saw you come over the ruins after my mother, when she came from the warehouse with the empty bobbins, and next day you came to the door—mother brought the shute down in her lap and gave it you—I do not know what month it was in—I believe it was in February—I am quite sure he is the man—when he came the second time I said, "Here comes the man after your shute," as she had shown him to me the day before.

Prisoner. It was ten weeks ago; I have been at Smart's repeatedly for work; it was the first time you had seen me; you said at the office you did not know whether it was me or not. Witness. I said you was the man—I saw my mother give you the bobbins.





JOHN JAMES WESTON
. I am in the employ of John Smart, of Union-street, Spitalfields. Humm was employed by him—the prisoner was not

authorized by me or any body to go to the witness for the shute—he was not working for us—he worked for us four years ago—the silk and bob"? bins are worth about 1l. which I had delivered to the witness—she had come to the warehouse a day or two before for empty bobbins to wind it on—the prisoner often called at our house to ask for work—whether he came since that I cannot say—he has never produced any bobbins to me—we should not think of employing him.

Prisoner. Q. Have not I come repeatedly to ask for work? A. Yes—the answer I gave you was such that I should think you never would call again—I do not think you came afterwards—I gave him to understand he was never to call again—he had worked for us before, and spoiled the work.
The prisoner called—





GEORGE TEAKLE
 (police-sergeant H 8.) Q. How long have yon known me? A. Two years—I cannot say I have seen you in bad company—you have applied to me in distress, and I gave you two loaves—you asked me to get you into the police—I believed you were reformed—I found your place in a destitute state—there were some duplicates of weaxing apparel there.
(The prisoner put in a written defence stating that he was a Spitaifields weaver, and that his family were in the greatest distress.)




GUILTY
. Aged 43.
(There were two other indictments against the prisoner, and the witness Teakle stated that he had been convicted of felony in 1829, and transported, that since his return he had not lived with his wife but with another woman.)



Transported for Seven Years.
