





580. 




THOMAS HOWELL,



 FREDERICK SMITH
, and 




ROBERT FRANKLIN
, were indicted for

burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



George Warrener, about ten in the night of the 
10th of Jan., at 
St. Edmund the King and Martyr, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 2 rings, value 5s., the property of 



Felix Gatayes.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH ANN HUGHES
. I was house maid in the service of Mr. George Warrener, who keeps the George and Vulture hotel and tavern, George-yard, Lombard-street, on Friday, the 10th of Jan., but am not so now—at eight or ten minutes after ten o'clock that evening, I went up to the room No. 6, to light the fire—I put the key, which I had got from the bar, into the door, and found the door was unlocked—it was always kept locked—I had a candle with me—I went as far as the bedstead, and heard some person breathe—I went to a table, which was in the middle of the room, and saw two men—it was the prisoners, Howell and Smith—they were standing upright—I did not see them doing anything—they ware between a chest of drawers and the bedstead—the drawers are about half a yard from the bedstead—they were close to the drawers—I asked them, "How dare you in here?"—they mentioned Mr. Gatayes' name, but nothing more—one said, "Mr. Gatayes," (which is the name of the gentleman who occupies the room)—I ran to the door, and tried to lock them in, but I had not power—they forced the door, and pushed it open against me—I ran to the top of the stairs—I screamed out—they ran after me down the stairs, caught hold of me by the back of my neck, and put their hands across my mouth—I

was screaming, "Murder!"—Mr. Warrener came out, hearing me scream, and took them into custody at the foot of the stairs.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. I suppose you were a good deal flurried? A. Very much so—it is a good-sized room—the bedstead is between the door and drawers—I was not many minutes in the room—I ran out of the room first—they ran after me—I had a good opportunity of seeing their faces in the room, and am certain of them—I had never seen them before—there is a passage to the George and Vulture, and you have to cross a stone hall, before you get to the tavern part—a person can easily get to the foot of the stairs—it opens into a court—there is a public thoroughfare through it, but a person has to walk into the hall from the thoroughfare, before they reach the stairs—the hall is on the left hand of the passage, and the stairs a few yards from that.

COURT. Q. How close were the prisoners to you when Mr. Warrener seized them? A. One was close against my side—there was no opportunity for two other persons to come in, and the men in the room to escape—there was Mr. Warrener and another gentleman at the foot of the stairs—no person had come up the stairs—I am quite certain of the prisoners, they stood upright before me.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. You took a light into the room? A. Yes, and it was knocked out of my hand on the stairs—I had it in my hand when I was looking at them, and their faces turned towards me—they came behind me on the landing—I was before them all the way down stairs—nobody passed me on the stairs—I saw Mr. Warrener take them, and they are the persons who came down the stairs.

COURT. Q. How long was it between your light being put out, and Mr. Warrener seizing them? A. Till I got down one flight of stairsthere is light on the lower flight of stairs, as there is gas in the hall, which shows a light all the way up.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. There is a passage through the house, but must you get through a door to get to the stairs? A. A doorway, but not a door.





GEORGE WARRENER
. I am landlord of the George and Vulture, George-yard. On Friday night, 10th Jan., I was in the hall, and heard screams—I opened the hall-door, then went to the hall on the opposite side of the passage, and found the two prisoners on the stairs with the last witness, all tumbling down stairs as hard as they could scramble—nobody was with me—the prisoners and the girl were on the staircase, and nobody else there—I collared them both, took them into the other hall, across the passage, and kept them in custody till the police came—they resisted—both used violence—I have not yet recovered the use of my thumb—Mr. Gatayes occupied this room—my house is in two parishes, but the part of the room in which the prisoners were first seen, and the door of the room, is in the parish of St. Edmund the King and Martyr, the door, the bed, and the chest of drawers, and the space between them—part of the room, is in the parish of St. Michael, Cornhill—it is generally the custom to lock the room No. 6—I had not seen the key hanging up previously—it always hangs in the bar, when the room is locked but if it is not locked, the last witness would have the key—I was present when Howell was searched at the station—a key was brought to my house by the police-inspector—I tried it myself to the door of No. 6—I did not mark the key, but it was one like this—(looking at one)—it opened No. 6—some rings are missing—we have had the room searched, and cannot find them.


Cross-examined. Q. You know nothing about the rings? A. No—we have a practice of hanging the keys up below—a guest could come and take his key, and unlock his room—when the servant called out, I saw Howell and Smith, about half way up the first flight of stairs, running down—there was no gentleman with me—one of the Waiters came out of the servants' hall, and was in the hall at the time, but I was at the foot of the stairs, and caught hold of them at the foot of the stairs—I swear I saw Howell half way up the stairs—a person could not have come in from the passage, and get there, after I heard the cry, without my seeing them, because I was on the alert—I had received information, and was waiting in the hall, in case anybody should come—I was close to the passage, and immediately crossed the passage into the other hall, to the foot of the stairs—the tavern is not a public thoroughfare—one entrance is in George-yard, the other in St. Michael's-alley—one in the parish of St. Michael's, Cornhill, the other in St. Edmund the King.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. But the door that parts them? A. That is in the parish of St. Edmund the King, the same as the bed-room and drawers—the inner doors are both in the parish of St. Edmund the King—the doors leading to both halls are so—the prisoners could come in without breaking an outer door—they are always open till dark—I was eight or ten feet from my waiter at the time I apprehended the prisoners—nobody came in before I seized them—I was in a position to see if anybody came in.





FELIX GATAYES
 (through an interpreter.) I have been lodging at the George and Vulture, and had been there six weeks or two months on the 10th of Jan., in the bed-room, No. 6. I was in the room last before this transaction on the 10th of Jan., at half-past five o'clock—I came down and put the key in the bar—I had locked the room door on coming out of the room, and never went up again till half-past ten—I missed two rings which I had seen that morning in the drawer of my dressing-table—one was a snake ring, and the other a topaz—they were worth about two sovereigns.

Cross-examined. Q. Will you swear it was not the day before, and not that morning, that you had last seen the rings? A. No, it was about ten or eleven the same morning—I put them into the drawer that same morning—I have worn them for ten years; but the snake ring was broken, and I put it off to have it mended—I did not wear the topaz so often—I never had an impression that it was the night before that I put them into the drawer—the snake ring was broken that morning—I was not asked that before—I have not seen them since—I recollect perfectly well locking the door of the room that night, and taking the key down at half-past five, and putting the rings into the drawer—there was no lock on the toilet drawer.





HENRY TAYLOR
. I live at No. 5, Henry-street, Gray's Inn-lane, and am a cab-driver. On the 10th of Jan., I was on the St. Paul's rank, Cheapside-end—about nine o'clock, or it might be ten minutes after, I was called off by the prisoner Franklin and the two others—I cannot swear to the other two prisoners, but believe they are the two—they told me to drive to the George and Vulture-yard, to pull up before I got to the George and Vulture-yard—I was told to stop in Lombard-street, which I did—one end of George-yard goes into Lombard-street—when I got there, two of them got out—I believe it was Smith and Howell—Franklin remained in the cab for about twenty minutes—the two who got out went up George-yard—I

know the George and Vulture—they went in that direction—Franklin remained, I suppose, about twenty minutes in the cab—he then got out and went up the yard, in a direction of the George and Vulture—he returned in about ten minutes, and sat in the cab again—he put the glass up, and said, "They are keeping us a long while, but I will see that you are paid"—he went up the yard again about ten o'clock, and I did not see anything more of him till I went to Moor-lane station—he did not return to me—(I had been on the stand about half an hour when Franklin called me)—I saw the police-inspector at near twelve o'clock—I was waiting there all that time, and in consequence of what the inspector said, I went to the station, and saw all the prisoners—I could positively swear Franklin was the party who was in my cab, and believe Howell and Smith to be the parties in the cab with him, but could not swear to them—I said so at the time.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you not taken twice to the police-cell by the policeman? A. Yes—I said the first time I could not swear to Howell and Smith—the policeman did not try to persuade me to swear to them—I was there a few minutes the first time—I went again not many minutes after—I think the policeman said he thought they must be the men, and asked me to go to see them again—I said, both times, that I could not swear to them, as I say now.

Franklin. Q. You say I called you off the rank? A. I heard a call of "Cab!" and pulled up—I do not swear that you called me—I say, you and two others called me—when the two got out, I attended to my horse—I saw the men go round the corner into the yard, which is the direct road for the hotel.

COURT. Q. Does the yard lead to any place but the George and Vulture? A. Yes, I believe there are warehouses up the yard—the George and Vulture gateway is right opposite—I did not keep them in sight after they entered the gateway—all I mean is, they went in a way that would lead there—they told me to drive to the "George and Vulture yard"—they called it by that name, but told me to stop before I got to the yard.





EDWARD FITZGERALD
. I am a waiter at Lloyd's. On the 10th of Jan., about ten minutes before ten o'clock, I was at the George and Vulture—I saw the prisoner Franklin in the servant's hall, which is on the hotel side of the house—there is a passage—the servants' hall is on one side, and the tavern on the other—the servants' hall is for the servants employed in the house—on my looking at Franklin he said he took it for a beer-shop, or some new house—Mr. Warrener keeps the place at Lloyd's which I am at, and it is my custom to go to the George and Vulture after business is over—nobody else was in the hall at the time, he walked out—I went out as far as the passage, and saw him walk down George-yard—I then went into the tavern side of the house, into the kitchen, for some coals, and on returning into the hall with the coals I saw him again, coming up George-yard, from Lombard-street, close to the house, this was scarcely ten minutes after I first saw him.





JANE RICHARDSON
. I am housemaid in Mr. Warrener's service. On Saturday, the 11th of Jan., at half-past eight o'clock in the morning, I was passing through the hall, on the hotel side, and at the foot of stairs which the parties are described as coming down, I picked up five keys and a glove—I took them into the bar, on the tavern side, and laid them on the table—they were given to Mr. Warrener—these are them—(looking at



them)—they were about two feet from the foot of the stairs, in front of the stairs, and rather concealed by the mat.





THOMAS BURT
 (City police-constable, No. 536.) On the evening of the 10th of Jan. I took the prisoner Howell into custody from the George and Vulture tavern—Mr. Warrener gave him into custody—I took him to the station, searched him, and found, in the lining of his coat, between the cloth and lining in the skirt, four keys, a screw-driver, and some lucifer matches—this key will open the room No. 6—I tried it—I have had them in my possession ever since I was at the Mansion-house—before that they were in custody of the inspector, Marchant—this one was marked before I parted with it—the others are like what I found—three of the matches have been used.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you mark this key? A. When I received it from the inspector, on Saturday, the 11th—I tried it between nine and ten in the evening—I have had them in my possession ever since—when I took this key from his person I gave it to the inspector—I saw it locked up in the station—I saw it produced from the same cupboard—there might be other keys there, but not in this paper—the inspector put them in the paper as I took them from the prisoner's pocket, and put them in the cupboard in my presence—I saw them next when I went to the Mansion-house—I carried them from the station to the Mansion-house—they were taken out of the same cupboard as I had seen them put, by the station clerk.

COURT. Q. Were you with the inspector when Mr. Warrener unlocked the door with some keys? A. No.

MR. WARRENER
re-examined. I got the key which unlocked the room No. 6 from the inspector—there was a policeman with him at the time—it was at the George and Vulture, before I went to the Mansion-house, about nine o'clock in the morning—I returned it to the inspector again.





THOMAS BURT

re-examined. It was about eleven o'clock the keys were delivered to me to go to the Mansion-house—they were kept at the station—I know nothing of the inspector taking them to the George and Vulture in the mean time—the key was marked on Saturday—I can swear it was such a key as this I found on Howell.





JOHN BRETT
 (City police-constable, No. 514.) On the evening of the 10th of Jan. I was on my beat in Lombard-street at nine o'clock, passing along near the engine-house, at twenty-five minutes or half past nine o'clock—I saw a cab standing there, and somebody inside—as I passed the cab he shoved up the window of the cab—about ten minutes after I heard a cry of "Police!" as I was in Ball-alley—it seemed to come from the George and Vulture end of George-yard—I immediately ran to the George and Vulture—there was a great crowd of people—I went inside and took the prisoner Smith from Mr. Warrener—I took him to the station, searched him, and found a skeleton key, two latch keys, a knife, and snuff-box on him, and about 4s. 6d., which was delivered to his wife—these things have been in my possession ever since—I took Smith from the station to Moor-lane station—he said on the road, "These two poor innocent b—rs had nothing to do with it"—the prisoners were all three going together, but I had Smith—they were following him—he said, "I am the bl—y thief; would not you go into a house if you thought you could get anything?"—and just before we got to the station he knocked his hands and said, "D—n it, you have got the lot"—he might have had a

drop to drink—he tried to appear drunk, but I believe he was not drunk—he said, "Oh it will only be a drag! they cannot give us more than three months for it."

Smith. My wife came and spoke to me on the way to the Mansion-house; you pushed her away; I said you was no man to push a woman in that manner, and because I said that did not you say, "I will put in a word for you, my boy, when I get up?" Witness. I did not—the woman insisted on taking hold of your arm—I pushed her away.

Smith. I never said a word that he has uttered.





ROBERT CROWE
 (City police-constable, No. 469.) On the 10th of Jan. I was called to the George and Vulture, and found Smith and Howell in custody about a quarter past ten o'clock—I went with Mr. Warrenerand saw Franklin in Fenchurch-street, about 200 or 300 yards from the George and Vulture, following the other prisoners, on the opposite side, as they went along to the station in custody—I followed him down Rood-lane, till we came to St. Mary-at-hill, and then I took him into custody—I searched him, at the station, and found a bag upon him, concealed in his hat, also half-a-crown, two fourpenny pieces, and 1d.—after I had searched Franklin, Smith turned round to me and said, "D—n it, jot have got the lot of us; they can give us only three months a-piecc"—I said that was for the Lord Mayor to decide to-morrow—Franklin gare me an address at No. 40, South Moulton-street—I did not go there myself.

Franklin. Q. Were there no other persons following them to the station? A. No, no strangers—only Mr. Warrener and Fitzgerald.

MR. WARRENER
re-examined. I know nothing of the keys found at the foot of the stairs—I took them from the bar-table after the servant pot them there, and gave them to inspector Marchant.





WILLIAM MARCHANT
. I am a police-inspector. On the 10th of Jan. Mr. Warrener gave me five keys, which I gave to Burt—I saw Howell searched at the station, and some keys found on him—these are them—I locked them up at the station, and next morning, between ten and eleven o'clock, I tried one of them myself to the room No. 6—I got that key from the cupboard—I returned it to the cupboard again—I kept it till I gave it up to Burt.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you give it him? A. On the Saturday, between ten and eleven o'clock, I think—I gave it to him at the Mansion-house, to produce before the Lord Mayor—I had seen Burt find them on Howell—I locked them up—the key of the cupboard was in the station—the station clerk had charge of the lock-up place as well as me.

COURT. Q. Did you take the key from the place you had put it orernight? A. Yes, and after trying it to the room I gave it to Burt, at the Mansion-house—I did not return it to the cupboard—he brought it back, and I told him to keep it till the trial.

MR. PAYNE. Q. It was not taken from the cupboard in Burt's Presence? A. No—I think I went from Mr. Warrener's house to Mansion-house—I had no other keys in paper besides these—I think Burt did not see them taken from the cupboard on the morning of the 11th—I will not be certain—I did not go to the station, after being at Mr. Warreneri, before I went to the Mansion-house.

MR. WARRENER
re-examined. The dressing-table is near the wiodow, not in the parish of St. Edmund the King and Martyr, but St. Michael's,—the

outer door, that leads to the staircase, is in the parish of St. Edmund the King and Martyr.

Franklins Defence. It is entirely false; I had nothing to do with the transaction; I certainly was in the cab, I do not deny that; but these were not the parties that were with me; I passed through the house, into the servant's hall; I was looking after my friends, and I made the observation to the waiter that I thought it was a beer-shop, or public-house; then I came back, and I was walking up and down the yard, when I suppose he saw me the second time; shortly after that, I went back to the cab; I stopped there a few minutes, and got out again. I made the observation, which the cabman states, that they were a long time; I walked up the yard, and heard the cry of "Stop thief!" I went and I followed the parties; several others were following; the policeman says there was no other person following; is it likely, that two persons should walk along in custody, without attracting the observation of a single individual? I say thirteen or fourteen persons were following; I was on the other ride of the way; if only Mr. Warrener and Fitzgerald were following, is it likely I should have been passing along there towards the station, if I was guilty? With regard to the bag found in my possession, I am a tailor, and use it in my trade to carry home my work in; I gave the cab
man half the fare before I left him the second time.





HENRY TAYLOR

re-examined. He did not pay me—he returned after be first went up the yard, and sat in the cab about ten minutes—he then went up the yard again, and I saw no more of him till he was in custody—he paid me nothing.

HOWELL*—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.

SMITH*—


GUILTY
. Aged 31.

FRANKLIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

Of burglary in the parish laid in the indictment, but not of the Larceny. 




Transported for Ten Years.

