




381. 




JOHN REED
alias
 Frederick Mason

, and 




HENRY MORTIMER
, were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Frederick Bennett, about three in the night of the 
27th of Dec., at 
St. Marylebone, with intent to steal, and stealing therein. 1 eyeglass, glass, value 4s.; part of an earring, 1s.; his property: 7 shirts, 2l. 1s.; 19 waistcoats, 9l.; 13 pairs of trowsers, 12l.; 4 coats, 5l.; 1 pair of drawers, 8s., 2 flannel waistcoats, 5s.; 8 handkerchiefs, 12s.; 1 night-cap, 2s.; 3 cravats, 3s.; 1 pair of braces, 1s.; 2 pairs of gloves, 1s.; 2 pairs of stockings, 4s.; 1 brush, 1s.; 1 pair of straps, 6d.; 3 pairs of boots, 2l. 9s., 1 seal, 10s.; 4 purse, 2s.; 2 keys, 1d.; I pencil-case, 1s.; 2 breast-pins and chain, 10s.; 9 shirt-studs, 10s.; 2 buttons, 1d.; 1 carpet-bag, 5s.; 1 portmanteau, 5s.; 3 scarfs, 2s.; 1 box, 1s.; 4lbs. of cigars, 4l.; the goods of 



Charles Edward Thornhill; and that Reed had been before convicted of felony.



MR. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.






FREDERICK DRAPER
 (police-constable F 25.) On Sunday morning, the 28th of Dec., about five minutes before six o'clock. I was standing at the corner of Charles-street, Drury-lane, with Clark, my brother constable—I saw a cab, No. 2504, pass at a furious rate down Charles-street—I saw inside it a portmanteau, and a boot or shoe loose upon the top—I thought something was wrong, and we pursued the cab down Charles-street—I called out to the caiman to stop—he did not stop till he got nearly to the bottom of the street—he then stopped, and a man got out—I heard him say something about Tottenham-court-road, and he ran away—the cab went on further down the street, when it was stopped by Clark—when I got up to it I opened the door and looked in—the prisoner Reed was inside—I asked him if the property in the cab was his—he said no, it was the gentleman's that had got out and run away; that the gentleman wanted him to take it to Tottenham-court-road—I then told him to come out of the cab, which he did—I had seen him previously with a gang of thieves in Drury-lane—I told him to get into the cab again, which he did, and I followed him—Clark got on the box, and we drove to Bow-street station—I heard Hutchinson the driver say something, but Reed was then inside, and I cannot say that he heard it—I afterwards took the luggage into the station—I have it here—it is a portmanteau and a carpet-bag, containing a number of the articles stated, a box of cigars, a bundle with eight waistcoats and a pair of trowsers, and another bundle with a pair of boot—he said the gentleman had given him the hat and the coat he had on for his trouble in assisting him into the cab with the things—I afterwards went to No. 21, Princes-street, Cavendish-square, between eight and nine o'clock that same morning, in company with Clark*—Clark put his shoulder to the door and it was immediately opened—two females were in the passage—we west in and found the house had been robbed, and entered the back way by means of a ladder placed to a water-closet at the back—a square of glass in the water-closet window was broken, and there were marks of feet down—they appeared to have got from that broken square on to the top of the cistern of the water-closet, and then in at the staircase landing window—I found some lucifer matches in Reed's pockets at the station—I found this jewel-case in the cab.

Reed. Q. What thieves have you seen me with? A. I have seen you with thieves that I have known to be in custody and convicted—I do not know their names exactly now—I found lucifer-matches in three of your pockets, in one pocket of the coat which belongs to the prosecutor, some in your trowsers pocket, and some in your waistcoat pocket.





WILLIAM CLARK
 (police-constable F 158.) I was with Draper on the Sunday morning, the 28th, and saw the cab drive down Charles-street—I watched it—it drew up about the middle of Charles-street, and a roan got out—I cannot swear to that person—he ran away—I then went up and stopped the horse's head, and spoke to Hutchinson, the driver—I afterwards went to No. 21, Prince's-street with Draper, and in the parlour there found this cap and some lucifer-matches.





ELIZA MILES
. I am servant to Mr. Bennett, of 21, Princes-street, Cavendish-square—Mr. Charles Edward Thornhill lodges there, on the first floor—on the 28th of Dec. I got up about eight o'clock—I found the second floor landing window partly open—I am sure it had been shut the night before when I went to bed—I went down two or three steps more and saw Mr. Thornhill's drawing-room door open—I afterwards went to Miss Bennett and she came down with me—I found the back doors all open, and the shop door was broken open—on unlatching the front door the policemen came in—I

went to Mr. Thornhill's rooms, and there was wearing apparel and other property gone—I do not know what jewellery there was, but I believe some was gone—I found a carving-knife on the dressing-table in Mr. Thombill's bed-room—I had seen that safe overnight—I went to bed about twenty minutes to twelve o'clock—I am certain all the doors were fastened at that time, and the landing window was shut—there was no fastening to it—this knife it Mr. Thornhill's.





WILLIAM HUTCHINSON
. I am a cab-driver, and live at No. 19, Warner-street, Fitzroy-square—on Sunday morning, the 28th of Dec., I was with my cab near the Regen-circus—a person came from the opposite side of the street to me—I asked if he wanted a cab—he said, yes, what would I take him awl another op, with some luggage, from No. 21, Princes-street, Cavendish-square, to Charles-street, Drury-lane, for?—I said 18d.—he got in, and I drove to No. 21, Princes-street—when I got there a person at the door opened the door, I think—I could not swear to his opening it—it was opened, and another party, with some luggage came out—it was put into the cab, and the persons both got in—I recollect them both—Mortimer is the one that came to me to engage the cab, and Reed was at the house—when I got to the corner of Charles-street, I partly pulled up, it being a sharp turning I could not easily turn round—the policemen were standing at the corner—the parties, inside called out to me to drive to the bottom of the street—when I got to the middle of the street one called out for me to stop, which I did as soon as I could—one party got out, shut up the door and steps, and ordered me to drive the other to Tottenham-court-road—I am quite sore of the prisoners.

Mortimer. Q. What clothes had I on? A. Not the same you have on now—it was about a quarter to six o'clock in the morning—it was pretty dark, not light enough for me to distinguish particularly what clothes you had on—there was gas-light—I let you into the cab in Oxford-street, and out of the cab at Princes-street, and into the cab again there.





JOHN FREDERICK BENNETT
. I own the house, No. 21, Princes-street, in the parish of st. Marylebone—Mr. Thornhill occupies the first floor—I came home on Sunday morning, the 28th of Dec., about eleven o'clock—I was sent for from Brompton—I found the house had been broken open and ransacked—this eye-glass and part of an ear-ring I know to be my property, they were taken on that occasion—the prisoner, Reed, was in my service about tea months since, as porter and errand-boy, and would know every part of my house—my house was broken into and robbed about nine months ago.





CHARLES EDWARD THORNHILL
. I lodge at Mr. Bennett's—I was from home at the time in question—I returned on the Tuesday week following—I then found I had been robbed of some articles—I saw all those articles at the police court, a quantity of waistcoats and trowsers and other wearing apparel—these produced are mine, and what I missed when I same home.





WILLIAM LING
 (police-constable D 77.) On Sunday morning, the 28th of Dec, about half-past two o'clock, I was on duty in Oxford-street, and saw the prisoner, Mortimer, standing, with his hands in his pockets, on the kerbstone by the Regent-circus, which is about two minutes' walk from the prosecutor's house—he turned round the moment he saw me, and walked up to a woman who was selling coffee in a doorway—he drank his coffee very quickly and was going across Oxford-street, when five other lads came up, and one called out, "Hallo, Harry, where are you off to?"—he turned his head, and made no reply, and went away down Swallow-passage—he had seen me—I bad passed within a yard of him, and stood by while he was drinking his coffee—I am certain he is the man.


Mortimer. Q. Perhaps you can tell what clothes I had on? A. I think he had a darker coat on, but I could not swear to that positively—I did not know him before—that was the only time I saw him—I stood by while he was drinking his coffee, and looked at him hard in the face.





MARY GRIFFIN
. I live at No. 20, Marshall-street, Golden-square. I keep a coffee-stall at the corner of Regent-circus, Oxford-street—I know Mortimer—on Sunday, the 28th of Dec, about half-past two o'clock in the morning, he came up to my stall and had a cup of coffee—I have known him between three and four years, and am certain he is the man.

Mortimer. Perhaps this lady may know what clothes I had on. Witness. I think he had on much like the clothes he has on now—I am sure he had the clothes he has now—I do not know any good of him—he is out at night, with a lot of loose characters.

Reed's Defence. On the 28th of Dec. last, about a quarter to six o'clock in the morning, I was proceeding across Cavendish-square, and up the street where Mr. Bennett lives; a gentleman was standing at the door, with a cigar in his mouth; he said, "Young man, will you mind this door for me?" It was open. I said I would; he said, "It is very cold, here is a coat for you." I said, "Thank you." I had a travelling cap on, and I gave it to him for an old hat which he had; he went and fetched a cab; Hutchinson was the driver; the man put the things in the cab, and asked me to go with him as far as Drury-lane; he got out then; I thought he was a gentleman; he shut up the door, and said something to the cabman, which I thought was, "A door or two further on;" the man went two or three steps further, when up came the policeman, which very much astonished me; he called me outside, and asked me whose property it was; I told him, and looked up, and, to my astonishment, the gentleman was gone; Mortimer is not at all like the gentleman that engaged me; he had long light hair, half way down his back, and carroty whiskers, but he is about the height, and that makes the cabman speak to him.

Mortimer's Defence. They searched my place, and found no clothes there; I had no suit but this to stand upright in; I have been at Mr. Agate's stable four years.





JOHN WELLS
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate from Mr. Clark's office (read Certifying that John Reed was convicted on his own confession on the 12th of May, 1845, of embezzlement, and confined six months)—I was present at the trial, and am sure the prisoner Reed is that person.

REED—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


MORTIMER—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

