



1141. 




JOHN SAVILL
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Caroline Walter at 
St. Magnus the Martyr, about one o'clock in the night of the 
10th of March, with intent to steal.



MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






MR. WILLIAM KNILL
. I am a fruit-broker, and live at No. 27, Pudding-lane. On Friday morning, the 11th of March, about a quarter or half-past one o'clock I was returning home with Mr. Claridge who lives at No. 21, Pudding-lane—I was just parting with him—there is a flap to the cellar of Mrs. Walter, of the King's Head public-house—I heard a noise like the pin out of a Shutter, which drew my attention to the flap, and I saw a man get up—I suppose he was putting the flap into its proper situation—I was ten fifteen yards from him—he went away—I went down the lane to the flap, and found it partly open—Mr. Claridge and myself lifted it up and saw a man in the cellar—I closed the flap and stood upon it—he called out to me to let him come up, that he only went there to sleep—Mr. Claridge went and brought a policeman—they went into Walter's house and took the man into custody—it turned out to be the prisoner.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You did not go into the house? A. No—I only stood on the flap—I saw the policeman take the prisoner out of the cellar.





FRANCIS CLARIDGE
. I am a wine-merchant at No. 21, Pudding-lane. I was with Mr. Knill—he was taking leave of me—I heard a noise near Mrs. Walter's, and saw a man get up and run up the court by the side of the house—I went towards the flap with Mr. Knill—I saw nothing more than he has stated—we lifted up the flap, sarw the man, and when the policeman came we pulled him up from the flap.

Cross-examined. Q. You were both quite capable of seeing what was going on? A. Perfectly so.





ROBERT HART
 (City police-constable No 525.) I was called by Mr. Claridge on the night of the 11th of March—I went to Pudding-lane to Mrs. Walter's—Mr. Knill was standing on the flap—I lifted the flap and pulled the prisoner out by the collar, and took him to the station, then returned and searched the cellar—there is a partition which joins the passage leading to the far—the boards of that partition appeared to have been recently pulled down, and if entirely pulled down, they would admit a person into the passage—I had passed the house ten minutes or a quarter of an hour before, walked over the flap, and saw nothing unusual at that time—the prisoner said at the station that he was a watch pinion-maker, living at No. 8, Peerless-row, City-road—I went there next morning, and found his brother lived there.

Cross-examined. Q. He gave a correct account? A. His brother said he had not lived there these seven years, and that he was not a watch pinion-maker.





CHARLES EVERETT
 (City police-constable No 589.) I was at the King's Head with Hart—I examined the flap—it had the appearance of being forced with a bar—there was a mark which made me conclude so—it was such a mark as a crow-bar would make—I found a candle in the cellar, not lighted, but very soft as if it had been burning.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it tallow or wax? A. Tallow—it bad the appearance of having been recently lighted—the wick was soft—I did not find a crow-bar.





CAROLINE CATHERINE WALTER
. I am the daughter of Mrs. Caroline Walter, a widow, who keeps the King's Head public-house, in the parish of St. Magnus the Martyr. I assist her in the business—there is a cellar-flop outside the house—I have seen it since this occurred, and the bolts are

wrenched off—they were not so before the 11th of March—I had seen it about a fortnight before—it was perfectly safe then—the flap leads into the cellar—there is a partition communicating with the passage, leading to the bar—I examined that partition, and found the boards removed away sufficiently for a person to get in—they appeared to have been removed by force—I had seen them perfectly safe the day before—there is a door from the cellar to the passage—an attempt had been made to force that door—the step had been moved away—I had been into the cellar the day before, the flap was perfectly right then.

Cross-examined. Q. You did not try to see if it was bolted the day before? A. No—the partition leads from the cellar to a passage leading up to the bar—it goes right up to the ceiling—it was broken enough for a person to get through.




GUILTY
. † Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.
