




1302. 




JOSEPH SPIGNELL
 and 




ALFRED DUCKETT
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 brooch, value 4s., the goods of 



Elizabeth Hurt, from her person; and that Duckett had been previously convicted of felony.






ELIZABETH HURT
. I am single, and live at St. John's-place, Walworth. On the 5th of April I went to the Surrey Theatre with some friends—I left about twenty minutes to twelve o'clock, and went into the parlour of the Equestrian Tavern, by the side of the theatre—after a short time I and another person left the parlour, and passed to the bar—the prisoners were standing together at the bar, but whether in company I cannot say—when I got to the street-door two females and a man stood there—I asked them to make way for us to pass—as we passed Spignell threw a glass of beer at my friend, but it did not touch her—he made a rush at her after that—he put the glass down, and said to a woman who was with him, "Give me my key"—that woman held her head down—I was passing at the same time, and he made a rush at me as I passed—I said, "That man has stolen my brooch"—he ran out at the side-door—I gave an alarm, and ran after him—I crossed the road—Duckett caught hold of me, and asked me what I wanted with that man, what I was going to do with him—I said, "The man has stolen my brooch"—he said, "You are not going to give him in charge for the brooch?"—I said, "Certainly I am"—he said, "What do you want with him? what are you going to do with him?"—I said, "I shall give him in charge"—he then laid hold of me, and threw me between the edge of the pavement and the road—my brooch was safe on my breast when I left the parlour—I had that moment fastened it, and I felt Spignell's hand at my neck

Cross-examined by
MR. NAYLOR. Q. Had you a shawl on? A. Yes—I was not at all warm at the theatre—it was rather slack—the warmth of the parlour made my friend's head ache, and she asked me to go into the street with her—I had not pulled my shawl off in the room—I left because the theatre was over—I was out of service at the time, and had been for two months—I did not hear a quarrel between one of the prisoners and a woman—he threw something over my friend, and said to the woman, "Give me my keys"—he went towards the woman to get the keys, and she held her head down—I do not know whether that was that he should not put his hand into her bosom—she was not trying to escape from him—I did not hear him swear—after that he went out of the house—it was about twelve o'clock—the woman did not say she would lock him up—I did not hear her say anything else—there was no confusion at all—I believe Spignell is an omnibus driver—there was no crowd in the theatre, it was very thin indeed—the woman did not give him the key—I followed him to the door—as I got to the door my handkerchief came undone, and I found I had lost my brooch—I had my sister with me—several people went into the tavern with us, a friend, and her husband, and Mr. Thompson—I was with him all the evening—he did not go to see us home—we had all been together that evening—my sister went to his house for him—there were seven of us altogether.

Duckett. Q. Were there many people in the house? A. I did not notice—you did nothing to attract my attention till the man threw something at us—it was you that stopped me crossing the road—I did not notice either of you till his happened—when you came up to me I was following Spignell—I had not been up the street—I had not been out of the house a moment, merely crossing the road—the policeman fetched me to see if I was the

woman who had lost the brooch, as they had got the main in custody—they had taken him while you were holding me on the opposite side of the way, opposite the public-house—I was lying in the road—you had thrown me down, it was at the corner of the Blackfriars-road.





ELIZABETH GABITASS
. I am the wife of William Gabitass, of Market-street—I was with the prosecutrix about twelve o'clock that night—I left the parlour of the tavern with her—in passing the bar I saw the prisoners—the proseuctrix asked one of the women to move to let us pass—Spignell took a glass with something in it from the counter and threw it—it went partly over me and partly over the bar—he said, "Take that," put the glass down again, made a rush at somebody who stood there, and, said, "Give me the keys, or I will knock your brains out"—he struck at the person—I got out of the way—I turned round to look after my friend, and Spignell had got his hand at her neck, where her brooch was—directly she got past them to the door she complained of her loss—Spignell ran across the London-road towards the Borough-road—I went out after the prosecutrix—I crossed, and thought she was with the policeman, but she was not—I went to look after her, and saw Duckett had got hold of her round the waist—he threw her down and ran towards the tavern again, and there the policeman took him—I had seen the brooch in my friend's shawl as we left the parlour to go out not two minutes before.

Cross-examined. Q. You had been to the theatre? A. Yes—I could not get a seat, and waited about the theatre some time—I saw the performance—I was waiting about from half-past nine till the theatre was over—I was looking at the performance part of the time—I afterwards joined my friends and went to the public-house—the prisoner seemed as if he was quarrelling with the person who stood right behind me—I think he intended to throw the beer over her, but it went on me, some of it—he seemed to✗ make a blow at somebody—I did not see whether he struck her—there was a man and a female talking to her—Spignell said, "Give me the key, I will not be played with, "and threw the glass at her—I do not know whether he hit her—I did not hear her cry out—she held her head down to avoid his blow, I suppose—I did not see her afterwards—there was a great deal of confusion—the bar was very full—there were a good many people drinking there—I do not know that there were many there till the cry of "Stop thief, "and of course then they all rushed into the public-house—I had never seen the prisoners before I saw Spignell's right hand on the prosecutrix's neck—after he attempted to get the keys he ran away—I do not know whether he got anything from her—the prosecutrix said, "Stop that man, he has robbed me"—I was not alarmed till she had been robbed.

Duckett. Q. Did you see me in the house? A. I saw you standing with Spignell—I cannot say whether you were drinking with him—I afterwards saw you crossing the Blackfriars-road, laying hold of my friend, and you crossed to the tavern again—she said to the policeman, "Stop that man, he has knocked me down"—I cannot say whether that was the policeman who took you—you were taken immediately.

COURT. Q. was there any confusion before Spignell produced it by throwing something out of a glass? A. No—I do not know whether it was a real quarrel, or whether it was merely done to draw my attention off—they were not near each other.





SAMUEL CROSS
 (police-constable M 83.) I was in the Borough-road, and heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I saw Spignell running with a crow after

him—I caught him, and said, "What are you running for?"—he said, "Let me go, I have only been striking a woman"—I took him back to the door of the tavern and made inquiry—I thought it was nothing but an assault—the mob rescued him form me—some one said, "Hook it," or something meaning "make off," and Spignell escaped from the public-house, through another door, into the Borough-road—I afterwards saw him in charge of another policeman, who also took Duckett—I took charge of Duckett—they were both taken to the station—the prosecutrix said Spignell had robbed her the moment the policeman took him.

Cross-examined. Q. Spignell is an omnibus or cab driver, is he not? A. A cab driver—he works for Mr. Beard—I do not recollect his saying he did not want to be locked up all night—he said, "Let me go, I have only struck a woman"—he afterwards said he should not be able to attend to his duty, and it would the ruin of his family.

Duckett. Q. Was the cry of "Stop thief" in the Blackfriars-road or the London-road? A. At the top of the Borough-road—Blackfriars-road crosses the Circus—there was another policeman on the beat near me—there was no charge made against you at the time of stopping the woman—I saw you in the custody of the other policeman at the corner of the Borough-road—he gave you into my custody about seventy yards from the public-house, over against the cab stand.





GEORGE BATSFORD
 (police-constable M 70.) I heard a cry of "Stop thief!"—saw Spignell running, and stopped him—Duckett came up—I saw Spignell pass something out of his right hand into Duckett's left—I seized Duckett by the cuff of his coat—he swung his hands round to try to get away—I gave him to a policeman who came up at the time.

Cross-examined. Q. This was after Spignell had been in the custody of Croft? A. Yes.

COURT. Q. What does "Hook it" mean? A. To escape.

Duckett. Q. When you caught hold of me, what did I say to you? A. Nothing—I took hold of your right hand—I did not hear you beg me to search you—I gave you to Croft directly—if Spignell had passed anything to you I should not have seen what it was.

Prisoner Duckett to
SAMUEL CROFT. Q. What did I say to you? A. That you did not know what you were taken for, and asked me to search you—you had nothing in your hand then—I took you five or ten minutes after the assault—I did not see the woman then—she came across, and said, "That is the man who took my brooch," and we went down to the station together—that was the second time I took you—I did not see anything of her the first time—Spignell was in custody when I saw her—the crowd at the public-house had called "Stop thief!"

Prisoner Duckett's Defense. The prosecutrix says she was going across the road when I knocked her down; there was no appearance of her being knocked down when she was at the police-court, or it would have been shown; I insisted upon being searched; the policeman held one of my hands; I held out the other, and said, "Is there anything in my hands?" and begged them to search me there, but they would not till I came to the station; if I had the property in my possession, should I have a skedhim to search me? is it likely, if the man ran away down the Borough-road with the brooch, that he would have carried the property, and then give it to me? the policeman says he took me directly he stopped Spignell; is it possible I could have been in the Blackfriars-road and insulted the prosecutrix, and asked her

the questions she says I did, and yet he in the Borough-road when I was stopped? when it is said Spignell ran as fast as he could all the way; expected a witness here who was in my company the whole time; I saw mob in the Borough-road, and went with him to see what it was; Spignell, who was in custody, said, "It is only a row; the policeman instantly said, "Why, you have parted with something to him;" I said, "It is no such thing;" the case is entirely got up by the policeman, on purpose that they should both have a charge.





JOSEPH HUGHFS
 (police-constable E 114.) I produce a certificate of Duckett's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—I was present at the trial—he is the person—(read—Convicted Oct., 1845; confined nine months.)

SPIGNELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 35.

DUCKETT—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.





Transported for Ten Years.

