



503. 




MARGARET M'LOCHLIN
 was indicted

 for feloniously uttering counterfeit coin, having been before convicted of a like offence.


MESSRS. ELLIS and BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






CALES EDWARD POWELL
. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Margaret M'Lochin and another at this Court, at the Oct. session, 1840—I have examined it with the original record in Mr. Clark's office—it is a true copy—(read)





SAMUEL MAINWARING
. I was formely in the police. I was concerned in a case prosecuted here by the Mint at the Oct. Session, 1840—I know the prisoner—I had her in my custody for passing two half-crowns—I was in Court when she was convicted—Mary Carey was tried with her.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. How long were you in the police after 1840? A. Two years—I left on the 25th Of Jan. 1842—I cannot say how many cases I gave evidence in between 1840 and 1842—I had two or three perhaps, not more—I have been at work at my business since—I have been called on since to give evidence of a former conviction in a robbery at Ialington, about three years ago—I received a letter from the Police-office last Friday, that was the first I heard of this case—I have not got the letter with me—I went to Newgate to see if I could identify the party—I was aware before I went what party I was to identify—no one went with me—one of the turnkeys took me to the female side—no particular person was pointed out to me—five persons were marched round the yard at the time, not a word was spoken—I knew the prisoner well—I was aware that it was for the purpose of proving a former conviction against Margare M'Lochlin that I was sent—the inspector on duty said it would be requisite for me to go on Saturday—I had not been in communication with anybody before that—I was in the police about three years, I had not many persons in my custody during that time, eight or nine perhaps, not more.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Where did you take her into custody for the former offence? A. In Dalston—I took her to Kingsland station—she remained there that night, and next day I took her before the Magistrate at Worship-street—I think she was committed then, and not remanded, but I cannot say exactly; it is six years ago—I came here, and saw her tried—I have not the least doubt that she is the person—I had not seen her before for six years when I saw her in Newgate—I stood at the doorway while the five persons walked round—the first time the prisoner walked round with her back to me, and the second time she came round she had her face to me, and I recognized her—all the five were dressed in the prison dress.





MARGARET HAWKINS
. I am a widow, and live at the White Hart and Fountain, Rosemary-lane, Whitechapel. On Thursday, the 21st of Jan., the prisoner came to my house with a man and woman—she called for half-aquartern of gin, which came to 2d.—she gave me a shilling, and I gave her 10d. out—I put the shilling into the till—there was then in the till a sixpence and two or three fourpenny-pieces, but no shilling—I am sure of that—they made away quickly, as soon as I gave the coppers to her—in two or three minutes I took the shilling out of the till, found it was bad, and sent for a policeman—Chaplin came in—I marked it and gave it to him, and he

marked it and took it with him—I suppose I gave it to the policeman about five minutes after the prisoner left—pn the 23rd of Jan., between five and six o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came again with the same man and woman—she asked for a quartern of gin, which came to 4d.—I served her, and she laid down a half-crown—I took it off the bar, and said, "This is a bad one"—she made a snatch at it, but I was on my guard and she did not succeed—I came round, shut the door, and said, "It is a bad one; you are not going to do me again"—I sent for an officer directly—while the person was gone for the officer the prisoner begged and prayed of me to let her go—when I first picked the half-crown up, she said to the man with her, "John, go and get this changed from the person you took it from, and get a good one for it"—he did not make any answer—I said, "No, I have got it in my hands, and you shall not do me again"—when Driscoll came I marked the half-crown, and gave it to him—he marked it, and took it away.

Cross-examined. Q. On the 21st had you customers coming in and out while these persons were there? A. Mr. Holt was in the bar, and costomers in the tap-room; but there were none coming in and out; there were a good many at the door—the door was shut—I had not other persons to serve during the time they were drinking the gin—a person might come in while they were there—I served no one else till I took the shilling and they cut away—no one else was at the bar being served—I should know the man who was with her, if I was to see him—I did not know him before—I did not see him give the prisoner the shilling—I do not know how she got it—she put it down—there might be a few customers in the tap-room when she came on the 23rd—I was not serving anybody else at the time they came—there were a lot at the door—they did not go away then—I sent for the officer—the man was taken, and the other woman also—the man was discharged at the Thames-police—I do not know what became of the other woman.





REBECCA HOLTSON
. My husband keeps a butcher's shop in Rosemary-lane, close to Mr. Hawkins's public-house. On the 21st of Jan., between five and six o'clock in the evening, I was sitting with Mr. Hawkins in her bar—the prisoner came in with a man and woman, and asked for some gin—I knew them all before—I had seen them at my husband's shop—after the prisoner paid Mr. Hawkins the shilling, and was gone away, I said something to Mr. Hawkins, in consequence of which she opened the till, and found the shilling was a bad one.





JOSIAH CHAPLIN
 (police-constable H 124.) On the 21st of Jan. I received a counterfeit shilling from Mr. Hawkins, which I produce.





PIERCE DRISCOLL
 (police-constable H 24.) On the 23rd of Jan. I went with Chaplin to Mr. Hawkins's, and apprehended the prisoner and a man and woman—I got this half-crown from Mr. Hawkins—the prisoner said she did not think it was bad when she gave it to her—she afterwards said she was there on the Thursday before—I searched her, and found a good shilling, a sixpence, and two fourpenny-pieces in her pocket—I found no bad money on her.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you present when the prisoner was committed? A. Yes—it was on the charge of passing the half-crown, and the shilling also.





MARGARET HAWKINS

re-examined. I gave the prisoner no change on the 23rd—I remember Driscoll taking her—I did not hear her say anything to him.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Mint. This half-crown, and the shilling, are both counterfeit in all respect.




GUILTY
. Aged 37.—


Transported for Ten Years.



Before Mr. Justice Cresswell.

