



1190. 




JOSEPH SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of April, 4 pewter pots, value 4s., the goods of 



Edward Wilkinson; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM HENRY DAY
. I am pot-man to Mr. Edward Wilkinson, at the King's Head public-house, Cumberland-street, Middlesex Hospital. On the 4th of April, about a quarter-past ten o'clock in the morning, I had been cleaning the pots, and left them on the pot-horse—in consequence of what I was told, I went into the skittle-ground, where the pot-horse was—I heard some pots rattle, and went to the door of the water-closet—I saw the prisoner standing inside, with one pot in his hand, two on the seat, and one pot was on a form in the skittle-ground, about two feet from where the prisoner was—I asked what he was going to do with the pots—he said he did not know—he handed me the one from his hand, and said there were two more on the seat—I said I saw there were—he said he knew nothing of them—I said I was sure he must, and collared him—he then went on his knees, begged pardon, and said if he came before a Jury they would take my word before his.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where were these pots? A. Every pot we had was hanging on the horse before—the water-closet is not near the pot-horse.





MARY WILTSHIRE
. I am in the service of Mr. Wilkinson. I remember Day going out, and soon after the prisoner came in, and went at once to the skittle-ground—no other person went there—I saw the prisoner go to the pot-horse, take one pint-pot off, and go towards the water-closet with it—he had his hat on when he went to the ground, but it was off when he took the pot.





WILLIAM HENRY DAY

re-examined. The prisoner was without a hat, and I found his hat on the ground, twelve or thirteen feet from him.





ALLAN HORATIO GARMAN
 (police-sergeant E 3.) I took the prisoner, and these pots were given to me—the facing of his coat is open, and it forms a very large pocket.

Cross-examined. Q. What do you mean by that? A. The lining, or facing, is undone—I have repeatedly seen pots taken out of such a place—I found 4s. 9d. on him, and a duplicate of a pair of boots.

Prisoner's Defence. When I went in there was a pot on the ground, and seeing the rest on the horse, I took and hung it there; if I had taken one off the horse I could not have taken four; they were there before I was; I had but just got into the place when the pot-man came.





JOHN WOODYETT
 (police-constable T 84.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
