




452. 




THOMAS SMITH
 was indicted for

that he, with a certain other person, being armed with offensive weapons, viz. pistols and daggers, did assault 



Thomas Phillips, on the 
14th of Dec, putting him in fear and robbing him, from his person and against his will, of 1 10l. Bank note, his property; and 




ANN JONES



 for feloniously receiving the said note, well knowing it to have been stolen.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






FRANCES GALLAVAN
. I live at the house of Mr. Thomas Hamblin, No. 3, Crayford-road, Camberwell. On Sunday, the 14th of Dec, a few minutes before eight in the evening, there was a knock at the door—I opened it and found the prisoner Smith there, with a letter in his hand, which he asked me to deliver to the lady of the house—I asked him where he brought it from—he said, "It is all right, take it to the lady of the house"—I asked him again where it came from—he still said it was all right, did I choose to deliver it to the lady of the house, if not he would shoot me—he put his hand into his pocket and drew out something which I took for a pistol—it was rather in the dark, but something shone—I then took the letter from him—Catherine Hamblin was at that time at home—I went and delivered the letter to her in the kitchen—the prisoner was in the hall—she went into the drawing-room with it—the man stood in the hall and I stood in the passage, which is the same thing—he was about three yards from the stairs, or not quite so long—I observed that he had a pistol in one hand, and the white handle of a dirk or dagger in the other—Mr. Phillips came out of the drawing-room, and Mrs. Hamblin after him—Mr. Phillips asked the prisoner by what right he demanded money there—I could not hear what the prisoner said—I then heard Mrs. Hamblin say something to Mr. Phillips, but I do not think the prisoner was near enough to hear what passed—she was on the stairs and he was in the hall where he was at first—Mrs. Hamblin then went up stairs—I did not see her go up—I heard the prisoner say he would give two minutes before he called his men in to plunder—Mr. Phillips then went up stairs after Mrs. Hamblin—he came down again and went to the prisoner in the hall—I did not hear distinctly what he said to him—I did not see him give the prisoner anything, but he spoke to him and then he went away—Mr. Phillips followed him to the door—I have no doubt the prisoner is the man.





CATHERINE HAMBLIN
. I am the wife of Thomas Hamblin, and live at

No. 3, Crayford-row, Camberwell. I was at home a few minutes before eight o'clock on Sunday evening, the 14th of Dec.—I heard a knock at the door about that time—I was in the kitchen—Mrs. Gallavan, who lives in my house, opened the door—I heard an altercation at the door—Mrs. Gallavan came to me in the kitchen, and gave me this letter,
(Read—"For the lady of the house. My Lady, I write these few lines to inform you that I have been sent here by a gentleman for your money, and I must proceed in getting it; and if you refuse me, the men outside, twelve in number will come in and plunder the house; and if you make any noise your lives will be in danger.")
The kitchen is on the same floor as the hall—I went from the kitchen into the hall—it is a square hall; and as I passed I saw the man standing—the prisoner Smith is the man, to the best of my knowledge—I went through the hall into the drawing-room—Mr. Phillips was there—I read the letter to him, and I think delivered it to him—I was very much agitated, indeed, on reading it, very much alarmed and terrified, I thought my life was in danger, and I made my way out of the house by the back door—I saw the servant next door, and told her to run immediately for the police—I then came back to the hall—I found Mr. Phillips there—he made some communication to me—I do not know whether the man heard it—he was still in the hall—I think it was in the hall that Mr. Phillips told me this, but, in my agitation, I do not recollect sufficiently—in consequence of what he said, I attempted to go out at the back door, to get money for the man, seeing he would not go out without—I did not hear him say so—on my attempting to go out at the back door, the man interfered to prevent me, with a pistol in his hand—he said, "You don't pass here," and closed the door—finding I could not pass that way, I went again into the drawing-room, and attempted to open the window to get out that way; but the man came out at the back door, and round the garden, and faced me at the window, as I was in the act of pushing it up—the drawing-room is on the ground-floor, and looks to the back of the house—there is a flower-bed under the window—I was in the act of pushing the sash up, and he came and lifted up the pistol, with his face close to the window—I saw the pistol distinctly—he was just in the act of raising it, and was close to the window—upon that I quitted the window, and went into the hall, and the man had come back and was in the hall—he did not speak to me, or do anything then—I went up stairs—I could not find any money anywhere, and I went to see if I had got any up stairs—whilst I was up stairs I heard the man in the hall say, "Is that lady coming down?—two minutes more"—during the whole of this time I was in a state of very great alarm indeed—Mr. Phillips came up stairs after me—he pulled out a 10l. note, and, after telling me what he intended to do, he went down stairs with it.

Q. Except from the terror and alarm in which you were placed from what you have described, would you have parted either with Mr. Phillips's 10l. note or any money of your own? A. It was to get rid of the man, from the terror of being shot—I was willing to part with any money of my own, or any that I could get, to relieve myself from the danger and fright I was in.





THOMAS PHILLIPS
. I am an agent at the Custom-house, and live in Wellington-road, Stoke Newington—Mrs. Hamblin is my sister-in-law. I was paying a visit to her on Sunday night, the 14th of Dec, and about eight, or shortly after, she came to me in the drawing-room, where her sick husband was lying—(I did not hear the knock)—she was in a state of the greatest agitation and alarm—she produced this letter and read it to me; on hearing which, I went into the hall and saw the prisoner Smith—I went up to him, and said, "Pray, what is your business here, sir?"—his answer was," I am come for

the money there is in the house; and if I don't obtain it in a very short time, I shall immediately call in the men that are outside, and the house will be plundered"—I saw a dirk in his right hand, which he evidently wished I should see; and whilst he was speaking with me, probably with a view to alarm me, he drew from his left hand pocket a horse pistol—he did not say anything, but went to the street door, opened it, gave a whistle, and in came a second man, armed as he was, with a dirk in one hand, and in his other hand what I believe to be a horse pistol—they spoke together—I did not hear what they said—there was not light enough in that part of the hall for me to distinguish the features of the second man—he stood just by the entrance of the door—there was a lamp on the left hand, and the light shone obliquely—I at first hesitated for a moment whether I should not make a grand dash at Smith and upset him, which I thought I had strength enough to do; but when I saw the other man close to his elbow, I thought it would be a very imprudent thing—I then went through the passage towards the garden, and he went too—I saw Mrs. Hamblin very shortly after—she had been out, as she has described, and came in from the garden—Smith said, "If I can obtain 10l. I will go away immediately, and take my men with me"—Mrs. Hamblin then went up stairs—she had not been up stairs half a minute before the prisoner called out, "Is that lady coming down stairs?" in a kind of authoritative tone, and he said, "If she is not down in two minutes with the money, the men shall certainly come in and plunder the house"—there was no other person in the house but my sick brother-in-law, my sister, and Mrs. Gallavan—I followed my sister up stairs; and recollecting that I had received a 10l. note two or three days previously from Williams, Deacon, and Co., I thought I would let him have that, because it might be a means of his detection—my sister and I came down stairs together—I went up to Smith with the note in my hand, and said, "Here is a 10l. note; if I give you this, will you immediately be off, and take your men with you?"—he said he would, and I gave him the note—I gave it him to get rid of him—I cannot say but I was somewhat alarmed; I think if you had been there you would have been alarmed too—there was certainly a terror produced in my mind from what I read and saw—it was from that I was induced to give him the note—my sister continued in a state of great alarm and terror—the prisoner took the note, and went towards the hall door—I followed him—he turned round, and presented a pistol at my breast, and vowed, if I followed him, or even looked after him, he would shoot me—he then went out—I turned immediately from him, and he shut the door after him—within about five minutes after he was gone I went down to the police station—Inspector Campbell was not there at that time—he came shortly afterwards—he examined the garden and the drawing-room window, and the whole of the place—I think I saw him examine the flower-bed by the drawing-room window—I had received the 10l., note from Williams, Deacon, and Co., for this check, which I have, dated 10th Dec—I received the note on that same day, in exchange for this check of Mr. Pitman's—the prisoner Smith is the man to whom I gave the note.





WILLIAM BAKER
 (police-constable P 262.) I was on duty, on Denmark-hill, on Sunday night, the 14th of Dec, about eight o'clock—I know the Crayford-road—there is an opening from Denmark-hill to Coldharbour-lane, which leads into the Crayford-road—I was standing at the entrance of that road with Harris, another policeman, and heard a cry of "Police!" from a servant—I ran down the opening into Coldharbour-lane, and into the Crayford-road, and went to Mrs. Hamblin's house—before I got there I met the prisoner Smith, and, I believe, another man with him—they were coming along Coldharbour-lane towards Denmark-hill, in a direction from the Crayford-road—they passed me—at that time I did not know what was the matter—in

consequence of what I learnt at Mrs. Hamblin's I came back in search of them—I searched all round the buildings, but could not find them—I am sure Smith is one of the men I saw pass me on that occasion.

Prisoner. He never saw me before last Tuesday week, when he came to take a false oath against me. Witness. I saw him on the Sunday night of the robbery—that was the first time, as far as I know.





SAMSON DARKIN CAMPBELL
 (police-inspector, P division.) In consequence of information, on Sunday night, the 14th of Dec, about nine o'clock, I went to Mrs. Hamblin's house—the letter which has been read was put into my hands by Mr. Phillips—I went to the back of the premises, into the garden, and observed under the drawing-room window a little flower-bed with some footmarks on it—on the following Saturday I received from a gentleman named Reynolds a 10l. Bank of England note, which I produce, and on the Tuesday following I went to the house No. 3, Catherine-place, Walnut-tree-walk, Lambeth—I knocked at the door—the male prisoner opened it—I asked if Mrs. Jones was at home—he said yes, and the female prisoner then came forward—I said I came from Mr. Attenborough, the pawnbroker, in consequence of a slight mistake in the change she had received for a 10l. note on the 15th—she said the change was all right—I said, "You recollect the circumstance to which I allude: it was when you redeemed a watch in pledge for 2l. and paid for it with a 10l. note"—she said, "Yes, I perfectly recollect it, but the change, was all correct"—I then said, "I must now request to know from whom you received that note"—the male prisoner had retired into the inner room at that time, and he might not have heard what passed—she said, "From my husband"—I asked her when—she said, "On Saturday evening, the 13th," which was the Saturday evening preceding the robbery—I asked where her husband was—she said he was at work at Uxbridge, and he had brought it home on the Saturday night, and returned on the Sunday evening to Uxbridge—I asked whom he was at work for—she said she did not know the name, but it was for a bricklayer and plasterer—I then gave a signal to Wright, the officer, whom I had waiting outside, and he came in—I said, "We will step into the inner room," and I went into the inner room with her—the officer followed me—the male prisoner was there—I then said, "The truth is, this note has been stolen, and your position in the affair will a great deal depend on the answers you give; I will now repeat the question I did before."

Q. Did you, after any conversation you had with her, take her into costody? A. I did.





SAMUEL WRIGHT
 (police-constable P 172.) I was in company with Mr. Campbell, on the 23rd of Dec, when he went to No. 3, Catherine-place—I waited outside—when I was called in I saw the prisoner Smith—I asked what he did there—he said he was a lodger—I asked him how long he had lodged there—he said a month—I asked if he knew anything of the female—he said no, he did not—I had seen Jones in the room at that time—I told him I must take him into custody on suspicion of stealing a 10l. note—he said he knew nothing about it—in the room where Jones was I saw a quantity of new wareing apparel, such as gowns, and also coats and things of Smith's—there was the wearing apparel of a man and woman—I asked Jones how she came by them—she said it was out of the money from the 10l. note—there was a new coat, two pairs of new trowsers, and three waistcoats claimed by Smith—he said they were all his property—I believe there were four gowns, not quite new—I took Smith to the station, and then returned to the room, and searched it—in a corner, under a box, I found this powder-flask, with gunpowder in it—and I found this pair of shoes under the bed in the same room—there are two rooms

to the house, one up stairs and one down—I found the shoes in the down stairs room, in which the man and woman's wearing apparel was—I have since compared these shoes with two footmarks in the flower-bed at Mrs. Hamblin's house, and they exactly fit—the shoe has a military heel, and the upperleather is bent very much over the sole—the impression was exact, sufficient for me to state on my oath that I believe these shoes made those impressions—the shoes are rights and lefts, and the impressions were right and left—the impression of the right corresponded as well as the left—I did it in the presence of a gentleman.

Smith. The shoes were never at the house till the policeman took them there; they were not in wear for a month before.

Jones. My wearing apparel had been bought a long time. Witness. I am sure she said she bought it with the fruits of the 10l. note—she said so in Campbell's presence.





SAMSON DARKIN CAMPBELL

re-examined. I heard Wright ask her whether the wearing apparel was hers, and where she got it from, and she said it had been redeemed from the produce of the 10l. note.

Jones. I never said that. Witness. Yes you did.





GEORGE EDWIN GILL
. I am foreman to Richard Attenborough, a pawnbroker, in Bridge-house-place Newington-cause way. On Monday, the 15th of Dec., the prisoner Jones came to our shop to redeem a watch—to the best of my belief she is the person—she paid for it by this 10l. note—I gave her the change, deducting 2l. 3s. 4d. for the pledge and interest—I wrote the name and address the person gave me, "Mrs. Ann Jones, No. 3, Catherine-place, Walnut-tree-walk," and underneath I placed the date on which I took it, "15—12—45"—I find my writing on this note.





LYDIA ELLIS
. I am the wife of Benjamin Ellis, and live at No. 1, Catherine-place. In May last I had charge of the house, No. 3—Mrs. Jones came with a young woman to take a room at No. 3—I asked if she bad a family—she said no, she only wanted it for her and her husband—I afterwards saw the person she represented as her husband—it was the prisoner Smith—he assisted in moving the goods in—they lived there together as man and wife, and continued to do so up to the time Inspector Campbell came and took them into custody—I quitted the house in July, and lived in No. 1—I knew them to live together as man and wife, and had no reason to believe they were otherwise.

COURT. Q. What name did they take the house in? A. Jones.





JAMES STUCK
. I am in the banking-house of Messrs. Williams, Deacon, and Co. On the 10th of Dec. last I cashed this check for Mr. Phillips—I gave him the 10l. note produced.

Smith. I beg for mercy.

Jones's Defence. I was sent by my husband to change the note, and I was bound in my duty to do so.





SAMSON DARKIN CAMPBELL

re-examined. I do not know how the man comes to be called Smith—he gave his name as Smith at the station.

Jones. He is my husband; we were married at Towcester, in Northamptonshire.

Smith. She is my lawful wedded wife.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Life.


JONES—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Edward Bullock, Esq.

