



713. 




GEORGE MORGAN
 was indicted

for stealing 1 handkerchief, value 4s.; the goods of 



William Baker, from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM BAKER
. I am mate of the brig Woodside, of Glasgow—she was in the Wappin-basin. On the 10th of Feb. I was on Tower-hill—I made use of my handkerchief, and returned it to my pocket after I had done—I felt a hand, and my handkerchief, was gone—I tuned and saw the prisoner—I detained him in my possession for a quarter of an hour—several persons came by and hissed me—a gentleman came and said, "Hold him a few minutes, and I will fetch you a policeman"—I did not find my handkerchief—where it went, I could not say—it was near the Nag's Head—there was a woman came out of a passage, and called the prisoner by name—I could not say what name she called him—I said to her, "You keep your respectful distance, or I will give you in charge as well as him"—I know it was the prisoner's hand which was in my pocket, because there was no person but him present at the time—I caught hold of him directly.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see any one else behind you at all? A. No person

was between you and myself—there was a woman standing at a passage—she called you, I believe, by name—I think there was a little boy a short distance off, and one or other who I considered were privy to the plot—they might be three or four yards off.





ELIZABETH COLLINS
. I live in Upper Chapman-street, St. George's. I was crossing Tower-hill between six and seven o'clock in the evening on the 10th of Feb.—I saw the prosecutor near the steps of a beer-shop in Postern-row—he was putting his handkerchief into his pocket—the prisoner was close against me—the prosecutor had scarcely taken his hand from his pocket, when the prisoner put his hand in and took the handkerchief out—a woman came and said, "Jem, what is the matter?"—he either gave the handkerchief to her or dropped it—it was a red one—I saw it in the prisoner's hand.

Prisoner. Q. Can you say whether it was a silk one or a cotton one? A. I should say it was a silk one, but whether it was or not, I cannot tell.

Prisoner. I do not deny having a handkerchief, but it was my own.





EBENEZER LUFF
 (City police-constable, No. 519.) I took the prisoner—he denied the charge—he said he was as innocent as a babe unborn, and that he had never been in a station-house before.

Prisoner. Q. When you searched me did you find any handkerchief in my possession? A. Yes, but not belonging to the prosecutor.

Prisoner. I had this handkerchief in my hat—(producing a red handkerchief.) Witness. No, you had not a red one like that, you had a blue one, and that I have now here—you had a blue handkerchief round your neck.

Prisoner. The female was taken into custody and searched; if I gave it to her she would have had it. Witness. She was not taken till she got on to the other side Tower-hill.

COURT
to
WILLIAM BAKER. Q. What sort of handkerchief did you lose? A. It was a new silk handkerchief—the greater part of it was red—it had never been in my pocket till then—I purchased it just before—there was plenty of time to get it clear off, from the time I held the prisoner till the policeman came—it was nearly a quarter of an hour.





PIERCE DRISCOLL
 (police-constable H 24) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted the 15th of Sept., 1845, and confined twelve months)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. (†) Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.

