



1266. 




FREDERICK STEGENBERGER
 was indicted

for feloniously forging and uttering an order for the payment of 100l., with intent to defraud 



William Miller Christy and others.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN WILLIAM NUTTER
. I am a cashier at the London Joint Stock Bank, Princes-street-Mr. Tate is a customer of ours. On the 13th of May the prisoner presented this check to me at the banking-house for payment—in consequence of suspicion I requested him to walk into an inner room, and there Mr. Pollard, the manager, asked him where he got the check from—he said it was given to him by a friend—he was asked who he was, where he came from—he said he was in the employ of Mr. Tate—I cannot say whether that was before he said he brought it from a friend—he was asked who his friend was—he said he could not tell, he did not know his name, it was a person he had met in the street, a person somewhat like himself, rather short—he was detained while Mr. Tate was sent for—William Miller Christy it one of the trustees of the bank—there are other partners.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTONE. Q. Was there Any person in the bank when be came in? A. Nobody in front of the counter-?-1 doubted the signature of the check—it is a bad imitation of Mr. Tate's—I did not ask him anything about the eheck before 1 asked him to walk into the room—I came round from behind to take him in to Mary Donoudu, at Mr. Dowlan's.





WILLIAM TATE
. I am a solicitor in tiasinghall-street—the prisoner was in my employment as clerk—he had been so nine or ten months—this cheek is not my signature—J did not authorize the prisoner or anybody to sign it for me—no part of it is in my handwriting—I know the prisoner's handwriting, and I believe it to be his—I was in the habit of sending him to the bank on all occasions—he had access to my check-book only when he brought it from the bank—I have sent him for fresh check-books—I examined my check-book when I returned from the bank, and found one check had been taken out without my knowledge—the check produced corresponds in number with mine—it is 20928—I had given the prisoner notice to quit my service about a fortnight before.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you knaw his connexions are very respectable? A. Highly so—I had most unlimited confidence in him, until latterly—he had got bad connexions—I have heard that he was going to be

married, and that the parents of both parties objected to it—I can recognise the prisoner's handwriting in the body of the chefck—I hare doubt of it—the signature and the body seem very much the same—it is a very cturftty imitation of mine—I kept the check-book in a drawer in my desk—I never Intentionally left die key in—I might bate accidentally done so—I do not think I left the book upon the! table—I have two rooms—the clerk's room opens into mine.





CHARLES JONES
. I am in the employ of Messrs Whiting, edgravers. They printed these checks, and made them into books—it is the ptaetfae of the bank to have a different number for each book—(examining the checkbook)—this number runs through all the checks in this book, which ought to contain fifty checks—I should certainly say two have been taken away from here, margins and all—I should say the check produced undoubtedly formed ptrt of this book.

Cross-examined. Q. The two taken oat are at the end of the book? A. Yes—At is quite plain they have been torn off.





DANIEL FORRESTER
. I am principal officer of the Mansion-house. In consequence of information, on the 13th of May I went to the London Joint-Stock Bank, and took the prisoner.




GUILTY of Uttering, Aged 28.—Recommended to mercy by Mr. Tate and the Jury,
—



Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Bum Rolfe.

