




234. 




THOMAS HORE
 was indicted for

stealing 5 sovereigns, 12 shillings, and 1 sixpence; the monies of 



Mary Galvin, from her person: and





WILLIAM POCOCK



for feloniously receiving, harbouring, and comforting him, knowing him to have committed the said felony; and that Pocock had been before convicted of felony.






MARY GALVIN
. Iam servant at the White Hart, in the Strand. On the 5th of Nov. I was leaving a situation at No. 65, Fetter-lane—I just took my wages, and was walking down Leather-lane—there was a Guy Fawkes and some fire-works—while I was there the prisoner Hore came up to me, and I felt his hand in my pocket—I took hold of it, and he made his escape and ran away—I looked at his face when I took hold of his hand—I am sure he is the person—when he ran away I ran after him—I had in my pocket five sovereigns, and twelve shillings and sixpence, and he took it all—I had not a penny-piece more than he took—it was what I had earned for my wages while I was in service—I caught Hore, and charged him with robbing me—I had not been showing my money to anybody, and do not know how he knew I had it—when I caught the prisoner there was no policeman by—there was a postman standing by, and a young woman, who is here—they said I should not part with Hore till they saw a policeman—the prisoner Pocock then came up—he said that Hore had none of my money, he scratched my hands, and I was obliged to let Hore go—I did not see Pocock at the time Hore took my money—it was in a silk glove, inside a leather glove, in my pocket, which was inside two of my petticoats—the money and the gloves were gone, and none of them have been found since.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You had to run up several streets before you caught Hore? A. Yes, one or two streets—it was in New-street I saw Pocock, after I had been through several streets.

COURT. Q. Had you looked at Hore before you followed him? A. Yes, and I kept close after him in following him.





ANN CONNOR
. I was with Galvin and saw some boys round her, but I did not see them take the money—I am sure Hore was one, of the boy—I

ran after him—he was stopped in New-street, Saffron-hill—after we had hold of him Pocock came up—he stood a little while looking at them, and then he took Hore and shoved him over the arches—we could not get over there, and were obliged to go a little way round—Pocock got Hore away from Galvin and the others—Hore went off, but Pocock was running after us, as we were running round after Hore—we ran till we came to a building where there were some men at work, and they asked us what was the matter.

Cross-examined. Q. A postman came up and helped to hold Hore? A. Yes—Pocock came in about five minutes—Hore said it was his mother's money, and then Pocock interfered—the postman was gone away then.





WILLIAM REDDY
. I saw the prosecutrix on that day, and I saw Hore—I had seen him once before with a gang of boys on Saffron-hill—I saw him draw something white up the prosecutrix's gown, and put it into his own pocket—I looked round to see where the Guy Fawkes was—I then saw Hore run, and he called three boys after him—when he got half-way down the street there is a turning on the left-hand side, and I there saw him give 1s. a piece to each of the three boys—he then said, 'Here comes the mall," and they ran on to New-street—the postman then came up, and I said Hore was one—Galvia then came up and said, "Oh dear, oh dear, you have robbed me; if you don't give me the money I will hold you till the policeman comes"—Pocock then came up, gave the postman a thump on the back, and went and scratched the prosecutrix on her fingers—he got Hore away, and took him to a wall, where he jumped down to get into Sbarp's-alley—I saw Hore give something; and I think it was a glove and some silver, to a boy in a white flannel jacket, and he said, "Halve that between Pocock and Hill"—directly they saw the woman coming they ran off—Pocock stopped—I cried, "Stop thief!"—Pocock put his leg before me, and threw me down on my nose.

Hore. You was not there at all, you was in the House of Correction. Witness. I was there fourteen days on suspicion.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was your hair cut as it is? A. I burst a blood-vessel in my head; they did not cut it in prison—I was only in prison once—I was taken two or three times before Mr. Greenwood or Mr. Combe; I forget the Magistrate's name—I am quite sure I did not get any of the woman's money—the postman and the woman searched Hore, to see if he had got the money, and after that I saw him give the glove to another boy—I swear that—Hore would not let the glove out of his hand—he kept saying, "My mother's money, my mother's money"—they could not get his hand open—the postman was not there when Hore was rescued—he was on his duty—I have not sworn that when Hore was rescued the postman was there—he went about his duty—he said, "I am going about my duty."





JAMES WEBSTER
. I remember seeing Hore and three more boys coming out of Saffron-hill to New-street—Galvin and Connor were running after him—the postman said, "Is this one?"—Galvin said, "Yes," and she caught hold of him first, and then the postman—in three or four minutes Pocock came up and said, "Let the boy go, he has done nothing"—he then hit the postman hard on the back, and scratched the prosecutrix's hand—she said, "Oh dear, oh dear, you have robbed me"—Pocock said, "I will hold him, if you let him go, till the policeman comes"—Pocock then let him go, and Hore jumped down, ran, and dropped a sixpence or a shilling, and a boy, with a white flannel jacket on, got it—I ran and got before Hore, and stopped him.

Hore. Q. Did I drop a sixpence? A. Either a sixpence or a shilling; it was silver I know, and a boy with a flannel jacket picked it up—when the postman had hold of him he put the money out of something white into his hand, and said, "Oh dear, it is my mother's money."


Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. I am an errand-boy to Mr. Jackson, a watchmaker—this was in my dinner hour—I had half an hour to toy dinner, and half an hour to take a walk—I have never been in any trouble—I am fourteen years old—I was in my last place seven months—I got my dinner at Mr. Marshall's beer-shop—I go there with my father and some of his shopmates—I first went before the Justice on the 5th of November—Pocock was discharged once—I went before the Justice two or three times.





NOAH STONE
 (police-constable G 56.) I took Hore into custody—the other policeman had got Pocock, and as soon as he saw Hore he said, "That is not the boy that I took away from the girl; it was a boy almost as big as myself;" and he said, "Tommy, you stick to me, and I will stick to yon."

Cross-examined. Q. What did he say? A. He said, "That is not the boy I took away from the girl; it was a bigger boy, almost as big as myself"—he did not say to Hore, "You are not the boy I took from the woman; it was a boy almost as big as myself—I will swear that I have not said that he said, "You are not the boy."

Hore's Defence. When I came down Newrow I saw a gang of boys jump down; they said, "Here comes some more;" I said, "What do you mean r—the woman said, "Did you see any boys run?" I said, "Yes, down Black Boy-alley;" I said, "Did you lose anything? she said, "Yes, a 5l. note and 8s. 6d." then the postman came down, and she said, "That is one of the boys;" they caught me, and the postman searched me; I bad a silver six-pence and a penny farthing in my hand, a book, a spoon, and a top; they took them away from me; neither of the boys who are witnesses were there at the time.





JOHN LAWRENCE
 (police-constable G 61.) I produce a certificate of Pocock's former conviction at Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted 28th Jan., 1845, confined six months, the last six weeks solitory)—he is the person.

HORE—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.—



Confined One Year.


POCOCK—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.

