






1683. 




BEVAN LABON,



 BENJAMIN RAWLINS,



 JOHN DEAN
, and 




JOSEPH WHITE
, were indicted for

a robbery on 



John Jackson, and stealing from his person I handkerchief, 1 pair of stockings, and. I comb, value 1s.; his goods.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






BENJAMIN EMSLEY
. I am superintendent of Shoreditch-workhouse. On 16th June, at night, the prisoners were admitted as casual paupers, and a man named Norris, who is in Court—Jackson was admitted that night, and in the morning he and Bruce complained to me, and I had the prisoners taken and searched—Norris was searched about an hour and a half afterwards—I found this pair of stockings on his feet.





RICHARD ALLEN
. I am superintendent of the shoemaking department in Shoreditch-workhouse. On 17th June, between six and seven o'clock in the morning, I went into the casual ward—Jackson complained to me of the four prisoners—they were taken into custody—I produce two odd stockings which I got from off Norris's legs, and a handkerchief which Jackson gave me.





JOHN JACKSON
. On Friday night, 16th June, I went into the casual ward of Shoreditch-workhouse—between four and five o'clock the next morning I got up. and put on my trowsers—Rawlins said I had got some money—I said, if I had it was mine—he said it should not be long mine, and took hold of me,

to knock me down—Labon and White came up—they all took hold of me, while Dean picked my pocket—I did not see him take anything, but I had in my pocket a pair of stockings, a handkerchief, and a comb, before they came to me—I called for help to the watchman—they knocked me down put me between two beds, and put a rug over my mouth—I could neither halloo nor see anybody—I afterwards went into the yard—I wanted to get away from them—they followed me, and knocked me down again: brought me again and knocked me down, because I kept calling for the master—I saw D—putting my handkerchief into his shirt—I said it was mine, and asked him to give it me—he threw it on the bed—I took it up—I found my stocking on Norris's feet—the feet were cut off; they were not so when I had them—I complained to Allen in the morning.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Are you quite sure these are the parties? A. Yes.





GEORGE BRUCE
. I was in the workhouse, and saw this attack made on Jackson—he was going to put on his trowsers—he called on me for helpI was afraid to help him—they put the rug over his face, and hurt him-Labon, Dean, and White were three of them—there was a fourth.

White. Q. Did I catch hold of the man? A. I saw you help to put the rug on his head, and knock him down between two beds.





JAMES HARRIS
. I was in the casual ward on the night of 26th June—I saw them put the rug over the man's head, and put him down and misuse him—all the prisoners were round him, and others beside—I could not see which put the rug over him.

Rawlins' Defence. At five o'clock in the morning I got out of bed; this man was hallooing; I opened the door; and he said, "You are one that has been pushing me about."

Dean. I was asleep.

While's Defence. I awoke about five o'clock in the morning; I saw the bed in confusion; I did not know what it was till I opened the door, there being no windows; I went to bed again, and laid till eight; he came, and said, "There is one in bed," and they took me; there were about forty there.

JURY
to
BENJAMIN EMSLEY. Q. Were there windows in the place? A. No; they knocked them all out—the windows were boarded up, but there was sufficient light to see, and the door was open.





JOHN JACKSON

re-examined. I could see the persons who assaulted methe door was open.

LABON—


GUILTY
. Aged 19: RAWLINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 18: DEAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 19: WHITE—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—





Transported for Seven Years
.
