






2840. 




HENRY GROVER,



 MARTHA GROVER
, and 




MARY ANN GOATLEY
, were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 

our Lady the Queen, on the 
14th of October, and stealing therein, 1 tea-pot, value 5l. 10s.; 40 spoons, value 15l. 10s.; 3 ladles, value 3l.; 26 forks, value 11l.; 1 fish-slice, value 1l. 10s.; 1 butter-knife, value 8s.; 2 goblets, value 30s.; 1 coffee-biggin, value 20s.; 1 toast-rack, value 1s.; 1 snuffer-tray, value 1s.; 6 pain of stockings, value 11s.; and 1 table-cloth, value 5s.; the goods of 



Caroline Henrietta Sheridan: and 




SUSAN FORSTER



, for feloniously receiving 1 spoon, value 8s., part of the said goods; well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the dwelling-house of Caroline Henrietta Sheridan.






CAROLINE HENRIETTA SHERIDAN
. I occupy apartments in Hampton Court-palace, in the parish of Hampton—I left them on the 4th of October—I'sleep there—I left a plate-chest in a cupboard in the parlour—the parlour was locked, and I left the key with the housekeeper—I received a communication from the housekeeper—I returned on Monday the 17th, and found the prisoner in custody—I examined the dining-room and cupboard—they were broken open, and some of the articles strewed on the floor, and the list of the plate which I had left—I missed all the articles mentioned—these are part of them—(looking at them)—Goatley was in my service—I dismissed her the day before I left Hampton Court—I had discovered that a person could enter by the kitchen windows, and I desired her to send for a person to fasten them better—the spoon found in Forster's possession is mine.





WILLIAM CRAIB
. I am clerk of the works at Hampton Court. On Friday week last, the 14th of October, the men were at work in Mrs. Sheridan's apartments—about three o'clock, I saw the kitchen window was open, the workmen being inside, cleaning the place—the footpath was swept up that afternoon—it is not a thoroughfare—there is about ten feet between the footpath and the house—I saw it the next morning, about half-past nine o'clock, the 15th, when it was quite clean, and had been raked over—I saw a man and a woman's footmarks—I received information, and went to the kitchen of Mrs. Sheridan's apartments—the window was open, and one square of glass was broken—it was whole the day before—I found the parlour door had been broken open, and the plate cupboard also—it appeared to have been opened by some instrument about a quarter of an inch wide—in the footmarks there were six nails in the ball of the man's foot—I counted the nails in the impression on the ground—I did not compare any shoe—all I did was to count the nails in the right shoe of Henry Grover—I saw the nails there on the first examination, but at the second examination they were out—to the best of my belief it was the same shoe.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You did not take the shoe

off and compare? A. No, it was not my duty to do it—the robbery was supposed to take place on Friday evening, the 14th, and it was found out about nine o'clock on the Saturday morning—the footmarks were not on a walk, it was a kind of recess between the path and the windows.





JAMES GIMBERT
 (police-constable A 64.) I was on duty in the neighbourhood of Hampton-court on the 15th of October—I received information, and went to the palace to examine Mrs. Sheridan's apartments—I found the dining-room door broken open, and some footmarks close under the casement window—I examined them very minutely—they were side ways—it was a very remarkable tread, and there was the impression of six hob nails in the centre of the tread of the right foot—I think it would be impossible for anybody to enter that window without the assistance of another person—the window is about seven feet high—there appeared to be footmarks of a man and a woman—I saw Henry Grover at Mr. Goatley's, at Hampton-wick, between six and seven o'clock on Saturday evening, the 15th—I requested him to hold up his feet—I saw the right foot, and the shoe exactly corresponded with the marks under the window—I afterwards saw his shoe, and the nails were then drawn—I went to Forster's residence, in High-street, Peckham, between seven and eight o'clock on Sunday evening—I saw Forster there, in the custody of the sergeant—she immediately went to a child's cot, took a bundle from under the pillow, and handed it over to us—it contained a desert-spoon, and several articles of wearing apparel. On the Monday morning I went to Mr. Hawgood, a pawnbroker, in the Old Kent-road, and discovered this plate.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRICE. Q. How long have you been in the police? A. Six years—there were footmarks of only one woman—we measured several, and they were all of one size—I saw the impression of both footmarks of one man—when I went to Forster's room, Churchill had her in custody—I had gone along the road with Churchill and her some distance, from what was said to her she must have known what he was going for, and when she went home, she produced this bundle, tied up—it was a bundle anybody could carry in their hands and leave there—I opened it myself—I am sure of that—here is the desert—spoon, and some stockings and wearing apparel which I found in it—I did not know what it contained before—I handed it over to Churchill, after I had examined it.





LADY DUFFERIN
. These stockings are mine—they were left with Mrs. Sheridan, and were lost on that occasion.





SAMUEL HAWGOOD
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Surrey-place, Old Kent-road. On Saturday afternoon, 15th of October, Martha Grover and Goatley brought these articles of plate to my residence—this silver teapot was pawned by Martha Grover herself, between ten and twelve o'clock in the morning of the same day—I lent 5l. on it.

COURT. Q. Are you in the habit of receiving a mass of propety of this kind from such persons? A. Grover represented herself as the confidential servant of a lady named Dufferin, of Brixton-hill, who was pushed for money to make up a bill—I lent 23l. on it—it is worth about 25l.—I lent 5s. 3d. an ounce—persons who have plate seldom come themselves—she said the lady would want some more money, and she should not come till Monday, but she came in the afternoon with Goatley, and introduced her as the daughter of the lady.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Grover throughout put forwards Goatley, did she not? A. Yes, Grover took the leading part, but referred to Goatley as Mrs. Dufferin's daughter.






CHARLES CHURCHILL
 (police-constable V 29.) I produced the spoon found on Foster—I was on duty at Hampton—I received information of the robbery on Saturday morning, the 15th—I found a pane of glass taken out of the kitchen window—the dining-room door had been forced, and a bedroom door—I perceived the footmarks of one man, and more than one female—I apprehended Henry Grover—I took his shoes off at his lodgings, and found one of them corresponded with the marks under the window—I saw the shoe again on the Monday—it was then in the same state—I examined it again on the Thursday, and the nails were then drawn out—I asked where he had been on the morning I took him, if he had been in Bushey-park—he denied it—I asked what time he got up, he said about half-past seven o'clock, but he had not been out, nor near Bushey-park—I asked him if he had been to Kingston—he said he had not been over the bridge that day—I found him at Hampton-wick, on the Middlesex side of the river—I went to Forster's residence on Sunday evening—I found her at Peckham-rye, and she showed me to her lodging—I went with her—she produced a bundle from under a child's cot, tied up in a shawl—I found in it a desert-spoon, five pieces of plated silver, and several articles of wearing apparel—she said her daughter, Martha Grover, and Mary Ann Goatley, were at the Red Cow public-house, in High-street, Peckham, that she went there to her daughter, and there Mary Ann Goatley gave a bundle'to her, and the property was what she had received from Goatley—she said there was a quantity of plate produced to her in the parlour of the Red Cow, that Goatley had left her place, her mistress owed her between 2l. and 3l. of her wages, and she was determined to have something to make good the loss—Gimbert was riding, in the cart at the time—I produce a box I found in Forster's lodgings.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRICE. Q. Did you take Forster to one corner of the cart? A. She was riding between two of us—I do not know whether the other constable was paying attention to it or not—I told Forster I came for a bundle which her daughter had left—she said she had no bundle which her daughter had left, she had one Goatley had left—(I heard from Grover's own confession on Saturday night that she had been up to see her mother)—the bundle was untied when Forster produced it—I mean to swear that one knot was untied—I will not swear it was quite untied—it was partially open, to the best of my knowledge—it was not untied by the officer—it was not opened by him that I saw—we both went in together.

Henry Grover. When my shoe was pulled off, you all looked at it, and none of you could swear to it—you brought a bit of straw down, and my shoe was an inch and a half longer. Witness. There was not a quarter of an inch difference—it was late at night when we saw the shoe, and there had been a number of people trampling about the place—we measured the mark under the window the-first thing in the morning.





HENRY GREEN
. I am a saddler at. Kingston. At half-past eight o'clock on Saturday morning I was coming by the Fighting Cocks public-house—I saw Martha Grover in the passage—Henry Grover was standing on the sill of the door, and Goatley was sitting on a settle outside—she had a small box covered with black and white paper like this box—I went up to a house, and then saw them all three again—Martha Grover then had a bundle under her cloak—I could not see what it was—they were then opposite the gate of Walnut-tree House, on the road from Kingston to London.






HENRY BERRY
. I keep the Fighting Cocks in the London-road, Kingston. About nine o'clock that morning Martha Grover came to know if I would let her have a cart, or horse and chaise, to take her and her sister and husband to Vauxhall, as she had just received a letter that her mother was dying—she did not care what she paid—I said, "No, I have not one; Arnold's coach will be by in a short time, you had better go by that"—at the same time Goatley asked if they could have one—there was a man at the door, but I did not see his face.





JAMES ARNOLD
. I am a stage-coach driver from Kingston to London, At half-past eight o'clock on Saturday morning I saw Martha Grover and Goatley—Goatley had a box similar to this, and Grover a bundle in a shawl similar to this—they called to me to stop—I pulled up to take some man up, dressed in a fustian jacket—I did not see his face—when I got on about a quarter of a mile the man was gone—I took Grover and Goatley to town.





HENRY HAZELL
. I am a glazier, and live at Hampton-wick. On Saturday, the 15th, I was in Bushey-park, at the gate leading from Hampton-court to Hampton Wick—I saw Henry Grover between six and seven o'clock that morning, first in the road, and then he entered the park—he turned to the left towards a paddock.





JOHN SMITH
. I was at work at Hampton. On Friday, the 14th, I left work at half-past five o'clock—I then went home to Kingston—I met Henry Grover that evening going to Hampton-court.





GEORGE RICHARDSON
. I am a carpenter. I was working at Hampton-court Palace—I was going to my work through Bushey-park along a road leading from Hampton-wick to Hampton-court on the 15th of October—I found a silver fork on my road that morning—I gave it to Craib, the clerk of the works.

Martha Grover. I told the policeman of the parcel being at my mother's—he had no suspicion till I told him.





CHARLES CHURCHILL

re-examined. After I had been to fetch her mother she requested to be brought out of the cell, and then she stated it to the sergeant on duty.

Martha Grover's Defence. It was proposed for us to take the plate to my cousin's; I said, "I will not, I will go to my mother's." I went and asked her to come over; she said, "What have you been doing?" I said, "Nothing; this plate belongs to Lady Duffern, and we are going to pawn it." She said, "Goatley lives with her;" I said, "No, with Mrs. Sheridan;" we then went and pawned the teapot; we decided what we should say before we went in. I said I was the confidential servant, and Goatley was the daughter. I wanted as much as I could, as the lady's husband was travelling; he lent the money, and it was tied up with the tickets. I put it in Goatley's hand; we took a cab, and she went home; when I saw her again she said she had thrown the money away. I am guilty of taking the plate with her, but not of stealing it.
(Thomas Prosser, a shoemaker; John Horton, a wheelwright; and Thomas Morris, a carpenter, gave Goatley a good character.)

HENRY GROVER—


GUILTY
. Aged 30. 


Transported for Ten Years. GOATLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

MARTHA GROVER—


GUILTY
. Aged 31.—




Confined Six Days.

FORSTER—


NOT GUILTY
.
(There was another indictment against the prisoners.)
