




1585. 




JAMES CHEESEMAN



, stealing 1 brass foot bearing 7 brasses, and a variety of articles, value 6l. the goods of 



Thomas Kingsford andanother; 3 razors, value 1s. 6d.; the goods of 



John Belton: and 4 razorsand 2 cases value 2s. 6d.; the goods of 



David Button; and 





HANNAH JOHNSON



 ", feloniously receiving the same: to which


CHEESE MAN pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.








JOHN BELTON
. I am an engine-driver, in the service of Thomas and Charles Kingsford, of Thames-mil), Butcher-row, Deptford. On Saturdaynight, 20th May. I locked up the mill, and took away the keys. On Sundaymorning, when I went to the mill, I found a ladder placed against a window, which bad been left open—the place had been entered by that means, and Imissed a quantity of brass, lead, a broom, and some razors—some flour wasspilt on the window-sill and some outside the premises.





JOHN WHITE
 (policeman, R 180.) I went to the prisoner Johnson's house, in New-street, Deptford, about eleven o'clock on the morning of the 21st May—I asked whether her son, or John Cheeseman, or Epsom were there—she said, "No, you know better than that; you know my son is down at Maidstone for a month"—I said I was not aware of it, and went away—I went again with Carpenter about eight in the evening, and asked whether shehad any objection to our searching her place—she said she bad; we shouldnot do so without a warrant—I said I should—I searched a drawer in the; room which she said was hers and found these seven pieces of brass (produced)—I asked how she accounted for those—she said she did not know they werethere—I also searched this basket, which was hanging up in the room, andfound seven razors and two cases—I asked how she accounted for them—shesaid she did not know anything at all about them—in a cupboard 1 foundpart of a grease-box—she said she knew nothing at all about that.





JOHN CARPENTER
 (policeman, R 84.) I went with White to Johnson's, andsaw him find these things—I took her into custody—i asked whether shehad not any other room in the house—she at first said "No"—I said, "Where Cheeseman slept"—she then said she had another room where he slept—sheshowed me into a room on the same floor, and. said, "This is my room, and this is where Cheeseman and my son sleep," pointing to a bed on the ground—I was about searching, she said I should not search without a warrant—Isaid I should—I asked whose boxes they were—she said hers—I searchedthem, and in the bottom of one, containing female wearing apparel, I foundthis quantity of brass, and in another box, also containing female wearingapparel, I found the remainder of these articles (produced)—there are fouror five brass cocks, and other things—I asked how she became possessed ofthem—she said she knew nothing about them—I then returned to the otherroom, and in a cupboard found a dish containing flour—I asked how shecame by that—she said she bought it on the Saturday, a portion she had usedfor their dinners and that was the remainder—I then took her to the station—she was remanded for a week, and on the day of re-examination 1 asked herto tell me how she accounted for the flour—she said, "I told you before; Ibought it of a corn-chandler in Flagon-row, and that is the remainder of whatwe had for our dinner"—I asked whether she knew anything of any otherfour—she said, "Oh yes. I have heard you have found the other flour, and I will not get anybody into trouble on my account; those people have beenkind friends to me (mentioning their names); I sent it by my little girl, and what I have done I will take upon myself: it was the flour I had of Cheeseman"—I had learned from Cheeseman that this room was his, and Ifound his coat there with brass and lead in the pockets—I had seen himwearing that coat on several occasions, and he claimed it at the station andasked me to let him wear it.





CHARLOTTE GIDLEY
. I live at 8, John-street, Deptford. I know Johnsonby her coming to-and-fro to our house. On 21st May a parcel of flour wasbrought to my house—I had had no conversation with her about it.





JOHN BELTON

re-examined. I know the property produced to be Messrs.

Kingsford's—these razors are mine, and these are David Button's—I knownothing of Cheeseman.

Johnson's Defence. I was in bed at seven o'clock that evening; Cheese-manwas at here when I went home; I know nothing of it.

JOHNSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 41.—


Transported for Seven Years
.

Before Edward Bullock, Esq.
