




860. 




JAMES HADDON
 and 




WILLIAM BELL
 were indicted for

stealing 1 silk handkerchief, value 1s., of a certain man whose name is unknown, from his person; and that Haddon had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN BAKER
 (police-constable M 72.) On the evening of 26th Feb. I was on duty in Blackfriars-road—I saw the two prisoners together, trying the pockets of several persons—at last they came to a gentleman—Haddon got hold of his right hand pocket and extracted this handkerchief from it—Bell was walking by Haddon's side to conceal him from persons passing—Bell saw me, and he ran down a street—Haddon ran into the road, and threw down this handkerchief—I took it up, and secured him—I do not know who the gentleman was.

Bell. Q. How do you know me? A. From having seen you in custody at Southwark police-court in Oct. last—you had three months.

Haddon. I am not guilty of it; you take his bare word; I am innocent—the officer, Coombs, came to the cell, and said, "Plead guilty;" I said, "what should I plead guilty for, when I am innocent?"





WILLIAM COOMBS
 (police-constable L 94.) No—I saw him as we came by the cell, and he said, "Let my mother know"—I heard from Baker that Hadden was in custody. and that Bell ran away—I ascertained from two other

officers that Bell lodged at Burn's—I went there, and looked in the beds, but he was not there.

Bell. When this happened I was at home; Coombs saw me and this prisoner in a pudding-shop; I went home and slept there that night; it appears he went to this prisoner, and said, "Where can I find Bell, is he at Burn's?" he said he did not know; he went to Burn's and looked over the beds, and could not find me; I was coming down the cut on the Saturday, and a man who was a constable, but lost his coat through some misdeed, took me picking pockets; he took me to the station; and this policeman before he saw me, said "That is him;" I was inside, and he was outside the doorway; he came in, and said, "That is him."

COURT
to
JOHN BAKER. Q. At what time was it you saw the prisoners? A. Shortly after seven o'clock in the evening—it was a few minutes after eight when I took Haddon—I am sure Bell was with him.





CATHERINE DENSON
. I live in pearl-raw, Blackfriars-road—I know Bell—on Friday week he came home between eight and nine in the evening, as near as possible—he remained there all night—if he got out of bed again it was more than I knew.
(The certificate of Haddon's previous conviction was for a misdemeanor only.)

HADDON—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

BELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.





Transport for Seven Years.



Before Edward Bullock, Esq.

