



1319. 




PETER MALLOR
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
11th of March, 1 coat, value 15s., the goods of 



James Remington Tedley.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES BELL
. I am a porter at the Commercial Sale-rooms. Mr. James Remington Tedley has a counting-house there—I was in his office in that building, about half-past eight, on the morning of the 11th of March—I saw Mr. Tedley's coat hanging there safe then—two or three minutes afterwards I saw the prisoner coming out of the counting-house, with Mr. Tedley's coat underneath his own coat—I took him into custody—he resisted—I shut the door and prevented his escape—I sent for a policeman and gave him into custody—I gave the coat to the policeman—I know nothing of the prisoner.





FREDERICK RUSSELL
. I am a City-policeman. I received the prisoner in custody from Bell—I also received this coat—I saw the prisoner before—I told him it was not long before we had bad him—he answered me in English—I have heard him talk English several times.





JAMES REMINGTON TEDLEY
. I have a counting-house in the Commercial Sale-rooms. This is my coat.
(The prisoner being a foreigner, had the evidence communicated to him through an interpreter.)

Prisoner's Defence (through an interpreter.) I did not steal the coat; I went there that morning; I went through the first gate, and found the second gate shut; I wanted to go back again; I met a person coming out of the counting-house with this coat under his arm; I saw him come up with rather a sharp step; he threw the coat down on the ground; I took it up; I thought a thief had stolen it, and went into the counting-house to see if any one would own it; I found no person there; I took the coat with me under my arm, in order to find a policeman, and deliver it up; I went out, and the policeman took me into custody; the policeman did not understand me, nor did I understand him; I have only been in England two months."




GUILTY
.* Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
