




1972. 




WILLIAM SHARP
 was indicted

 for stealing, "on the 
17th of July, at 

St. Andrew, Holborn, London, in the dwelling-house of 



William Wood, 1 dressing-case, value 1l.; 3 shirt-studs, value 1l. 10s.; 3 buckles, value 1l. 14s. 1 locket, value 10s.; 1 scent-bottle, value 5s.; 1 pencil-case, value 1s.; I coat, value 2l.; 1 shawl, value 5s.; 3 half-crowns, 10 shillings, and 1 5l. Bank-note; the property of 



Henry Hayne; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






HENRY FOX
. I am waiter at Wood's Hotel, Furnival's Inn, Holborn. About half-past five o'clock, on the afternoon of the 17th of July, I was in the coffee-room, and observed the prisoner waiting outside the hotel door—Host sight of him for about a quarter of an hour—I went to look for him, but could not find him, and I put the alarm-bell on the hotel door, which rings when any one comes in or goes out—I afterwards heard the bell ring, and saw the prisoner leaving the door with a bundle under his arm—I followed him to No. 11 in the inn—I asked who he had been to see in the hotel—he said, "Mr. Reynolds"—we had a gentleman of that name in the hotel—I told him to follow me, and I would show him to Mr. Reynolds—I took him to him, and asked if he expected any clothes from the tailors—he said he did not, and he did not know the prisoner—I then brought the prisoner out of the room, and made him untie the bundle—it contained the articles stated, belonging to Mr. Hayne, of Southampton, who had come to the hotel that day—he claimed them—the hotel is in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn.

Cross-examined by
MR. PBENDEROAST. Q. It is in the county of Middlesex, is it not? A. Yes—Mr. Hayne is not here—the prisoner told Mr. Reynolds he had brought some clothes for. him, and he said he did not expect any—the prisoner did not then say it was a mistake—I brought him out of the room immediately—I did not hear him say a person he had seen in the inn had told him to take the clothes to Mr. Reynolds—he said he had been told by some person to take them.





HENRY ULUSIBOO
. I am servant to Mr. Henry Hayne—he was lodging at Wood's hotel on the 17th of July—this dressing-case is his—I have packed it up many times, and also this shawl and coat—every thing here is his.

Cross-examined. Q. Has your master any other name besides Henry? A. No—I have known his name for these twenty years.





WILLIAM WOOD
. My hotel is in Furnival's Inn, in the county of Middlesex, in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn.





WILLIAM FINN
 (City police-constable, No. 276.) Part of Fnrnival's Inn is in the City, and part in Middlesex—the hotel is in the county—I took the prisoner, and have produced the property—there is a 5l. note, three half-crowns, and ten shillings in the dressing-case.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you ask him any thing? A. No—he did not say he was quite innocent—I am sure of that.





EDWARD BULPIN
 (police-constable K 125.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction from Mr. Clark's office—I was a witness on the prisoner's former trial—I am sure he is the person to whom this certificate applies—(read).

Cross-examined. Q. You apprehended him, I suppose? A. I did.




GUILTY. Aged 42.—Of Larceny, and former Conviction.—


Transported for Seven Years.
