




577. 




WILLIAM GUILDAY
 and 




MICHAEL GUILDAY
 were again indicted for

 stealing, on the 
12th of Dec., 1 coat, value 2l. 12s., the goods of 




Henry Bolt.






HENRY BOLT
. I am a soap-manufacturer, and live in China-terrace, Lambeth. I had a coat, made by Mr. Wilding—it came home on the 9th of Dec.—I wore it on the 11th, and put it in the passage of my house—I did not miss it till the 18th—the coat produced is it.





GEORGE WILDING
. I am a tailor, and live in Carlisle-street. I made this coat for the prosecutor—it is worth 2l. 12s.—I took it home on the 9th of Dec.





FREDERICK WARD
. I am in the service of Mr. Powell, a pawnbroker, in Suffolk-street, Southwark. This coat was pawned at master's on the 11th of Dec.—the two prisoners were both there at the time it was pledged—it was pawned in the name of John Williams—I cannot swear which of them gave me the name—they were both in the shop at the time they presented it—they came in together—one spoke, I believe—I cannot say which produced the coat, nor which took the money up.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Did you ever see them before? A. Yes—they had been pawned and redeemed before at our house, in the name of John Williams—I cannot say whether William Guilday ever pledged in the name of John Williams—my attention was called to them a day or two after the 12th—I have seen them come together to pledge before.

JURY. Q. Did they come into the box? A. Yes, both into the same box.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Was there more than one transaction between the two? A. No.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. You were very busy this day? A. Yes—I cannot recollect which gave the name, nor which produced the coat—there are other boxes—500 people come to our shop in a day.





JAMES BROOK
 (police-constable L 118.) I searched the garden of the house, No. 9, York-street, and found some duplicates there buried in a handkerchief—one of them was for the coat pawned at Mr. Powell's on the 11th

of Dec., for 24s., and it corresponds with the duplicate the panwbroker has produced.

WILLIAM GUILDAY—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.

MICHAEL GUILDAY—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.





Transported for Seven Years.

