



2569. 




ADAM ANDREWS, alias
 Osborne

, was indicted

 for feloniously, and knowingly uttering a counterfeit half-crown; having been previously convicted of uttering counterfeit coin.


MESSRS. CHAMBERS
and
SCRIVEN
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Adam Andrews, in Feb. last—I have examined it with the original in Mr. Clark's office—it is a true copy—(read.)





JOHN CLARK
 (policeman.) I was present at the trial of Adam Andrews, in Feb. last—I am quite positive the prisoner is the man.





STEPHEN CONSTABLE
. I am assistant to Mr. Stagg, linen-draper, of Newington-causeway. On the 28th of July, the prisoner came and asked for a cotton handkerchief—I said it came to 8 1/2 d.—he paid me a half-crown—I saw it was bad the moment he threw it on the counter, and showed Mr. Shield, our foreman, who took it, and sent for an officer—Lloyd came and took the prisoner and the half-crown away.

Prisoner. They had the half-crown for ten minutes, and might have mixed it with other money. Witness. I am quite certain it was not mixed with other money—when the prisoner said he did not know it was bad, he turned, round and walked about two yards towards the door—the foreman put this hand on his shoulders, and said, "You wait for a policeman."





ARCHIBALD SHIELD
. I am foreman to Mr. Stagg. I received a half-crown from Constable, and gave it to Lloyd—the prisoner moved two or three yards to leave the shop—I got before him, and prevented him—I kept the half-crown in my hand, and did not mix it with other money.





JOHN LLOYD
. I took the prisoner in charge at Mr. Stagg's, and produce the half-crown.





EMMA BROSTER
. I am bar-maid at the New Inn, Westminster-road. On the 26th of July, at eight o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to the bar for half a pint of beer, which came to 1d.—he threw down half-a-crown—I

said it was bad—he said it was not, and ran away from the bar, leaving the beer untouched—I gave the half-crown to Mr. Williams, my employer, without mixing it with other money—on the Monday following I saw the prisoner in Horsemonger-lane, and picked him out from among at least twenty prisoners, without his being pointed out.

Prisoner. I never was in the house. Witness. I am certain of him—he had on a fustian dress, which he has repeatedly worn when he offered me money—I knew him well before—he gave me a bad shilling a fortnight before—I returned it, and he gave me a good one.





JOHN HENRY WILLIAMS
. I keep the New Inn. On the 26th, my bar-maid gave me a bad half-crown—I called in Cotterell and gave it to him—we marked it—this is it.





WILLIAM ALLOTT
. I am assistant to Mr. Lemon, cheesemonger, Walworth-road. On the 24th or 26th of July the prisoner came there for three halfpenny-worth of cheese, and gave me a good half-crown—I gave him 2s. 4 1/2 d.—he then asked me to give him two sixpences for a shilling—I observed him place a bad shilling on the counter for me instead of one of those I gave him—I said, "If you will give me a shilling, I will give you two sixpences, but for that I cannot give them"—he said, "Why not?"—I said, "That is not a shilling"—he said it was one I had given him—I am positive it was not—I advised him to take his money, and go about his business, or I should cut it in two, and send for an officer—I allowed him to take it away after grumbling—I am sure it was a counterfeit shilling—I saw him at Union-hall the following Saturday—I was within half a yard of the shilling, and am certain it was bad.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of counterfeit coin to Her Majesty's Mint. These two half-crowns are counterfeit in all respects.




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Baron Rolfe.

