



82. 




THOMAS BLEADON
 was again indicted

 for obtaining, by false pretences, of 



Susannah Eaton, 1 bottle, value 6d.; 1 1/2 pint of wine, 4s. 6d.; and 1 half-crown; with intent to cheat and defraud her thereof.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.





SUSANNAH EATON
. I am a widow, and keep the Elephant in Fen-church-street. The prisoner came and staid a fortnight with me—his bill at the end of that time amounted to 51. 15s.—when I talked about payment he gave me this bit of paper—I said, "This is not a proper cheque"—he said, "Will that not do?"—I said, "I think not"—he said, "Yes it will, if it were for 1000l."—I believed that as far as the paper went—the prisoner then asked me for a bottle of wine, and I let him have it—I said, "You have written this cheque for more than the amount"—he said, "Well, that will do"—a few minutes after, and before he left the bar, he said, "Just let me have half-a-crown,"and I did—it was on the faith of this paper—I would not have let him had the wine nor the money but believing this paper was good.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not object to the wine being charged to my account? A. No—there was a coloured gentleman there—that wine was not called for to induce him to have a bottle—his bottle was called for before yours—I would not have trusted you with the bottle of wine, or have lent you the half-crown, if you had not written this paper—it was not my intention that you should have any more of me. (Read—"London Union Bank.—Mr.

Hall, Manager—Pay to Mrs. Eaton, or bearer, the sum of 6l. THOMAS BLBADON.")





WILLIAM PULLINGER
. I am cashier at the Union Bank—this cheque is not drawn by anybody that has an account at our bank—Mr. Hall is not the manager—I returned this cheque, as we had not the honour of knowing the drawer.

Prisoner's Defence. I have this observation to make; at the time I drew this paper, I did it merely as a joke; that evening I was rather overdone done with liquor, and was not aware actually of what I was doing; I recollect there was a man of colour there, and it was Mrs. Eaton's desire as he had been there so frequently to see a man named Cook, and had not called for anything to drink, that I should call for a bottle of wine, with the understanding that I should not have to pay for it, but it would be all right; I borrowed the half-crown to lend that man, as he had no money; it was not done with the intention of gaining any credit; the credit I had from her was before I had done this; she knew I was going into the country the following morning; I told her so; she had never pressed me for money; and had this not come forward, she would have had her money; I have respectable friends in Leicestershire, but I hope they will never know my situation; I was honourably brought up to the profession of the law; this is the first time I ever committed myself.





WILLIAM PARNELL
 (City police-constable, No. 653.) I took the prisoner soner into custody—I found on him two flashHoles tot 502. each, a skeleton-key, and 2l. 15s. 9d. in cash.

Prisoner. The notes were given me by a barber one day; and the key I picked up in the street.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years


