





1935. 



ANN TAPSON
. 




ANN PICKETT
, and 



JOHN KEATES
, were indicted for

 a robbery together, on 



John Archer, and stealing 1 seal, 1 watch-chain, and 1 key, value 1l. 12s., his property.


MR. EWART
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN ARCHER
. I am a servant at 63, Lower Sloane-street, Chelsea. On the night of 11th July, about twenty minutes past eleven o'clock, I was in Sloane-street, and saw the two female prisoners there—they acosted me—one came on my right, and the other on my left side—they invited me to come along with them—I declined, and told them to go about their business—they would not—Pickett, who was on my left, snatched at my watch, and dragged my silver chain, gold seal, and common key from my watch—the guard, which is now round my neck, saved it—she flew into the road—I immediately bolted after her—she up with her fist and knocked my hat off, and I received a tremendous blow at the side of my head—I stooped to pick up my hat, and as I rose I received another tremendous blow at the side of my head—the prisoner Keates then came up, and said, "Did you strike that woman?"—I said, "Yes"—her shawl fell off, he picked it up, and said, "Do you mean to strike her?"—I said, "Yes"—she ran as hard as she could down the street, calling out, "I will follow you home"—I said, "Do you mean to keep that shawl?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "I will thank you to give it to me. till I get my property back"—he said, "No"—he took it and gave it to Tapson, who was on the pavement—she said, "I know who that shawl belongs to"—I said, "You shall give it to me"—she said, "No, I shall keep it"—they walked on down Sloane-street and I followed them, and insisted on having my property or the shawl—there were two more bullies on the pavement—at the corner of Exceter-street a policeman came up, and I gave Tapson in custody—I did not charge Keates then.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Had you a stick in your hand? A. Yes, I raised it up when the man said, "Are you going to strike the woman," and I said, "Yes, if you dare to strike me again"—that was when I received the second blow—that was the first time I saw Keates—Keates

did not go to the station-house with us—I did not observe him—I will not swear he did not—I lost sight of him, to the best of my recollection, in crossing the King's-road going to the station-house—he was present when I gave Tapson in charge—I saw him next morning with Pickett near the station-house, and gave him in charge.

COURT. Q. Did the blow Pickett gave you knock you down? A. No, I was not knocked down with either blow—I can take my oath of Tapson—she kept following me down Sloane-street—I can swear to them both.





WILLIAM WARDLOW
 (policeman, B 87). On 11th June, about a quarter to twelve, I was in Sloane-street, Chelsea, and saw the prosecutor there, and a number of persons with him—Tapson and Keates were with him—the prosecutor, who was following Tapson, said he would follow them till he found a policeman, that they had robbed him of a chain and seal—I told him I was a policeman—I was in plain clothes, and he then gave Tapson in custody, and charged her with robbing him—I took her to the station-house—she had this shawl (produced) in her possession—she said she knew the female who had robbed him, but she did not know her name or where she lived—I was present the next morning when the prosecutor recognised the other prisoners and charged them—when Keates was charged he said Tapson was passing along—he knew nothing about it, and she picked up the shawl.

Cross-examined. Q. Keates was there when you came up? A. Yes, he went down towards the station-house after Tapson was given in custody—going along he spoke to the prosecutor and induced him to let him go.





JOHN ARCHER

re-examined. This is the shawl that dropped from Pickett's lack when she robbed me—the seal and chain have not been found—I did not raise my stick until Keates came before me and asked if I was going to strike the woman—he did not say, "What, you are not going to strike a female, are you?"—I told him I would strike him if "he dared to lift his hand against me—I had not my arm raised to strike the female when he came up.

Tapson's Defence. If I had been guilty, I should not have stood there holding the shawl; if I had given him the shawl, he would not have given me in custody; I was looking for a policeman, and I meant to give the shawl to him in the prosecutor's presence; Keates was coming down to the station to say he saw me pick it up; I knew the female a long time.

Pickett's Defence. I was not in Sloane-street at all that night; the shawl does not belong to me; I have had only one for the last twelvemonths; I came to the station-house next morning to take a summons cut; I walked up and down the street; the prosecutor came up to me and said he had something belonging to me; I asked what it was, and he said he would tell me by-and-by I was then taken and accused of the robbery; I had nothing to do with it.

Witness for the Defence.






WILLIAM FRANCIS PLUMMER
. On 11th July last, as I was proceeding home, in Sloane-street, I saw a scuffle a few yards before me, between a woman and the prosecutor—they were standing up—the woman was apparently beating him—she knocked off his hat, and immediately ran away—the prosecutor stooped to pick his hat up, and ran after her, towards the top of Sloane-street—I did not see anything happen to him while he was stooping—the woman ran away while he was picking up his hat—there was another woman there, and she ran after her across the road—there was a third woman coming down Sloane-street, who picked up the shawl—the prosecutor turned back and asked her where she was going to take the shawl to, and asked her to give it him—she said she would not give it to him, she would give it to a policeman—she proceeded towards Exeter-street—he followed her

—the policeman came up, and he gave her in custody—she was four or five yards from the prosecutor when I first saw her, and was coming in quite a different direction to the woman who ran away—I did not know her before—I follwed her to the station—I li ml the prosecutor give her in charge—I herd him ask her it she knew were the girl was that had taken his chain and she said she knew nothing of it—he did not give her in charge for being concerned in stealing the chain—he said, "You know the girl that has stolen my chain give it up and I will say no more about it"—I was not allowed to go into the station to state what I knew, or I should have done so, but I told the policeman, in going towards the station, that I saw the girl pick it up—I gave my address that night, and Tapson's sister came to me and asked me to come and state with I knew—I knew them by sight before, but never had any conversation with them—the girl who ran away was stouter than Tapson much about the same height, but a stiffer made girl, and the second one that ran away appeared about the same height—I did not see their faces—I saw Keates when I got to Exeter-street—he was not there when the prosecutor's hat was knocked off—I am a carpenter, and work for Mr. Hastings, at Knightsbridge—I saw the prosecutor raise his stick to defend himself from the girl who ran away.





WILLIAM WARDLOW

re'examined. The prosecutor gave Tapson in charge to me for being concerned with the other in robbing him of his chain, seal, and key—I saw Plummer that night—it was a clear night—I can't say whether there was a moon, but the lamps are thick in Sloane-street, and show a very good light, so that I could see a man's countenance perfectly well.





JOHN ARCHER

re-examined. It was a fine night—not moonlight—the stars were shining—there was plenty of light to distinguish a person's face—I am quite sure Pickett is the person who stole my chain—as soon as she saw me next morning she ran away as hard as she could—I and two policemen ran after her 200 or 300 yards—Keates, who was with her bolted as well, and the policeman took him—I did not give him in charge the night the robber was committed.





ROBERT BANBERICK
. On the night of this robbery I was at the Free Traders' Arms, Exeter-street, till eleven o'clock, when the house closed—I came out with the landlord and two or three others, and went into the Prince of Wales, an adjoining house, and had a pot of beer—we were there about half an hour—Keates was with me, and had been with me at the Free Traders—we came out of the Prince of Wales together, and while standing there I saw a disturbance at the top of Exeter-street—Keates said, "I wonder what that is"—he waited two or three minutes and men said, "I will go and see what that disturbance is about"—he ran away—I followed him—when I got there I saw the prosecutor flourishing a stick in his hand and rolling his eyes about as if he was mad or intoxicated—he was saying, "I will knock down any person that hits or comes near me"—I saw a female running away, and it was towards her that he raised his stick—I saw Tapson there with a shawl in her hand—I did not see her pick it up—she did not attempt to go away—the prosecutor asked her tor the shawl—she refused to give it up—the policeman came up, and he gave her in charge for having possession of the shawl—he said he would either hive the shawl or his property—that he had been robbed of a chain, or something of that description—Keates, I, and several others followed to the station to state what we had seen—a man named Carey went in—Keates, would also have gone, but I said he had better not, as Carey would be sufficient—Carey was not one of our party but was a perfect stranger—keates remained outside till the prosecutor came out—I

then bid him good night, and went home—I am a carpenter and joiner—I am in work, and was so at that time—I have known Keates six months, by having drunk together, but have no particular acquaintance with him—I do not know how he gets his living.

MR. EWART. Q. How far is the Prince of Wales from the corner of Stone-street? A. 100 or 150 yards—when Keates went to see what the row was, I followed close at his heels—he was not. above five yards before me—he was not in company with any female by the prosecutor—he walked within a few yards of Tapson, as we went to the station.





HENRY WARDLOW

re-examined. I remember a person named Carey coming to the station-house.

PICKETT—GUILTY. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.
TAPSON and KEATES—


NOT GUILTY
.
