



969. 




JANE CURTIS
 was indicted

> for stealing 1 cloak, value 10s.; 1 shawl, 8s.; 1 bonnet, 3s.; 1 pair of stockings, 6d.; and 1 handkerchief, 2d.; the goods of 



Dennis Connor: and that she had been before convicted of felony.






MARY CONNOR
. I am the wife of Dennis Connor, a labourer, in George-street, Ratcliff. On the 2nd of Jan. I met the prisoner, and took her to my place out of charity—I gave her lodging for nothing—next day she left, and I missed my cloak, shawl, and other things—on the 27th of Feb. my husband sent for me, and I found her in a public-house—she wished to be very kind to me, but I gave her in charge—she pulled my handkerchief out of her pocket—I said, "That is mine, I will not touch it, but it is not hemmed, and there is a tear at the corner"—and it was so—this is it—when I first met her she had a man with her, who she said was her husband—I asked them to my house—she sent for a pot of beer—the man went, and left her—I did not

notice whether the prisoner was drunk—I do not know that she had fourteen sovereigns in her bosom belonging to any captain—she borrowed 7s.6d. of me—my husband did not find the prisoner and me lying on the floor when he came home—I am not in the habit of getting tipsy—I have only one bed—the prisoner slept behind me.





GEORGE CARR
 (police-constable K 166.) I took the prisoner—Mrs. Connor stated the things that she had lost—the prisoner said, "I know nothing about them"—when Mrs. Connor described the things, the prisoner said, "Would not you like to know where they are?"—Mrs. Connor said "Yes"—the prisoner said, "Then you never shall"—while we were waiting she took this handkerchief from her pocket—Mrs. Connor said it was hers, that it was not hemmed, and there was a tear in the corner—I examined it, and found it as she described.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not put the handkerchief out and say, "Is this yours?" A. No.

Prisoner's Defence. I met a captain on the Saturday evening, and we were drinking from one place to another till the places were all shut; then we went to her house and had three or four pots of half-and-half; the captain sat on a chair all night, and next morning we went away. On the Tuesday we met her again, and the captain said to me, "Do you know this person?" I said, "Yes, that is the person whose house we were at;" he crossed over to her and asked her to drink; we went home and had ever so home and had ever so much to drink; the captain left me there; she and I had more drink; her husband came home and found us both tipsy; he beat her, but seeing me there he said he would forgive her; the next morning I said I must go and meet the captain, as he was to give me some money; Mrs. Connor called a witness who saw me go out, and saw that I had nothing; when I came back I could not find Mrs. Connor's place; I then got into trouble and could not go; I had used this handkerchief to wipe her face when her husband beat her; it is not a handkerchief, it is a piece of cloth; there are plenty like this if I could have them here; when she said she should like to have her property, I said, "You shall never have it of me;" that was all I said.





WILLIAM PARRAMORE
 (police-constable H 51.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(The prisoner has been convicted of felony twice before the above-named conviction.)
