



1505. 




JOHN WILLIAMS
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Johns, at 
Christchurch, and stealing 1 bolster, value 4s.; 1 blanket, 5s.; and 3 ornaments, 6d., his goods; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES JOHNS
. I live at No. 6, Wilk-street, Spitalfields. On the 28th of May, about eleven o'clock at night, I went to bed—I was the last person up—I saw the house all safe—about half-past four o'clock next morning I got up to work—a neighbour tapped at my staircase window—I went down, and found the street-door wide open—it had

been close shut, when I went to bed—I went into the back parlour—the window was wide open—it had been close shut when I went to bed—I missed a bolster, blanket, two dresses, and a great coat, which have never been found—I went into the street with Mr. Theroulde, and saw the prisoner come out of the next house—he had three ornaments with him, which had been on my mantelpiece when I fastened up on Friday night—I went after him, and cried, "Stop thief"—he ran the whole length of the street into a house, and hid himself behind the street-door—the policeman there picked up these ornaments—they are my son's, James Johns—he lives in the house with me—the prisoner was taken to the station—this blanket and bolster are my property, and were safe in the room before I went to bed.





CHARLOTTE THEROULDE
. I live at No. 5, Wilk-street, next door to Mr. Johns. On Saturday morning, the 29th of May, about half-past four o'clock, I and my husband got up—I slept in the back parlour—I went into the back room, and saw Mr. Johns' back window open—I took no notice of it, as the weather was warm—I went to my own back window on the third floor, looked out, and saw the prisoner jump out of Mr. Johns' window, with the blanket under his arm—my little boy was standing at the back door—the prisoner said to him, "Hallo, Jack!"—I did not know the prisoner before—he jumped over the wall of the wash-house to Mr. Johns'—I tapped at Mr. Johns' window, gave an alarm, and afterwards saw the prisoner in the street and Mr. Johns after him—I am sure the prisoner is the person—I did not go to the house, nor run after him—I saw the pillow and the blanket laying at the foot of the stairs—I took them up—the policeman came, and took them from me.





SAMUEL THROULDE
. I live with my father and mother. On the 29th of May, I got up at the same time as them, looked out at the window, and saw the prisoner walking up and down by the door—I dressed myself, went down, stood at the back door, and then saw him come from the back-parlour window, with the bolster and blanket under his arm—he was getting over the wall, turned his head, saw me, and said, "Hallo, Jack!"—I am sure he is the man that came out of the window.





WILLIAM WALKON
 (Policeman.) About half-past four or near five o'clock I was on duty in Wilk-street, heard a cry of "Stop thief," saw the prisoner running, went after him, and caught him—he went into a house about a hundred yards from Mr. Johns'—I looked in, and found him concealed behind the door, I took him into custody, and found three images on the spot—these are them.





WILLIAM WATSON
. On the morning of the 29th of May, I received this blanket and bolster from Mr. Theroulde—the house is in the parish of Christchurch, Spitalfields.

Prisoner's Defence. I was taken bad in my bowels, saw the door open, and went in; when I came out into the street, the blanket and bolster were lying in the entry.





JOHN BARKER
 (police-constable K 22.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted Dec., 1845, and confined four months)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.




GUILTY
.* * Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

