



749. 




JAMES BLACKETT



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Robert Barnes, and stealing 1 spoon, value 2s. 6d.; his goods: and 1 cap, value 4d., the goods of 



Robert Barnes, jun.







ROBERT BARNES
, jun. I am the son of Robert Barnes, of Brick-lane, Spitalfields. On Sunday night, 5th Feb., between nine and ten o'clock, I went to bed, and was the only person in the house—the windows and doors were secure—about half-past one I heard a noise, got up, and saw the prisoner at the staircase-door, in the house, about ten yards from me—I could clearly see his face—I threw up the window, and called "Police!"—a policeman went to the rear of the premises—I let him in—we found a cap and a strange jacket, with a silver spoon in the pocket belonging to my father, just outside the house—the cap belonged to me

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. How do you know the time? A. I asked the policeman—I was looking at the prisoner two or three minutes—he had a light—I had none—he was occupied in taking out a piece of glass in the staircase-door, and did not see me—he had on a jacket similar to this—I saw the prisoner again on Wednesday morning—he was brought to me between three and four o'clock by two policemen—I got up—the policeman said, "Can you identify this man as the one who broke into your premises."





WILLIAM RICK
 (policeman, H 152). I saw a man jump from the wall of the next house, without a jacket or cap—I ran after him—he turned his face round twice—it was the prisoner—he got away.

Cross-examined. Q. How many streets did you follow him through? A. Five—I was accompanied by two constables and another person—I fell down, and sprained my ancle—the other person said he could identify him, and promised to come up, but did not.





CHARLES BYRON
 (policeman, H 157). I picked up this jacket and cap near the premises.
(Wm. Davis, brass-founder, and Thos. Harvey, trimming-manufacturer, of 2, Fleet-street, gave the prisoner a good character; but Thomas Weakford, policeman H 5, stated that he belonged to a notorious gang of thieves.)




GUILTY
.* Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

