



524. 




JOHN BOYD
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Reed, at 
St. Gabriel Fenchurch, and stealing therein, 2 barometers, value 10s.; and 2 decanters, 10s.; his goods: and 1 coat, 2s. 6d., the goods of 



Edward Hill; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES LAMBOLL
 (City police-constable, No. 511.) On the 19th of Jan., about a quarter past six o'clock in the morning, I was on duty in Fenchurch-street—the prisoner passed me in the carriage-way carrying two barometers, one under his arm and the other over his shoulder—I went back after him, stopped him, and asked what he had under his arm—he made no answer—I asked where he got these two barometers from—he said a man had given them to him just above—I said perhaps he would go with me and show me the man, or I should take him to the station—he turned round, went a few steps, and said, "Oh if you mean that, you had better take the barometers," or

he should throw them down—I took the barometers in one hand and him in the other—we went a few steps, and he pointed to a man passing on the other side with a bag in his hand, and said, "That is the man, why not take him?"—I said, "No, I shall look after you"—I called after the man—he looked round, and went on—I took him to the station, and found two decanters in his pocket, a pair of slippers in his hat, and part of a box of lucifers in his trowsers pocket—the coat he was wearing belongs to Edward Hill, the prosecutor's servant—he was about fifty yards from the prosecutor's house when I stopped him—he refused to give his name and address.





JAMES REED
. I keep the Railway tavern, Fenchurch-street, in the parish of St. Gabriel Fenchurch. The prisoner was a waiter in my service two years ago—on the morning of the 19th of Jan. my servant came down about half-past six—he came up and called me, and I came down directly, before seven, and found the street door was about an inch ajar—a pane of glass about twelve inches square was taken out of the skylight of the coffee-room, which would enable a person to get through—I should say it was big enough for a person to get through—it would be rather a difficult job, but he must have got in that way—there was no other way in which he could possibly get in—I spoke to the policeman on duty, looked round, and missed two barometers and two decanters—one barometer had been hanging up in the bar—the other was up in the first floor—the prisoner knew well the ways of the house—these slippers and coat belong to one of my men—the house was left fastened overnight, and the window pane was quite sound—this coat is mine, also the barometers and decanters.





HENDRY JOHN PARKER
 (police-constable A 25.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was a witness in the case, and know him to be the same person.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.

