



1924. 




HANNAH TILY
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th of April, 6 yards of silk, value 15s.; 28 yards of lace, value 2l. 16;s. feathers, value 10s.; 1 girdle, value 3s.; 1 petticoat, value 5s.; 2 toilet covers, value 4s.; 6 handkerchiefs, value 13s.; 3 collars, value 4s.; 1 shift, value 8s.; 14 pairs of stockings, value 1l. 14s.; 1 table-cloth, value 2s.; 2 sleeves, value 2s.; 1 scarf, value 1l. 10s.; 3 shawls, value 2l. 5s.; and 2 yards of muslin, value 2s.; the goods of 



Harriet Catherwood:—1 pair of gloves, value 1s.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 5s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 6s.; and 1 shirt, value 10s.; the goods of 



James Catherwood: and 1 shirt, value 10s., the goods of 



Alfred Catherwood, her master.






CHARLES JUTSUM
. I am in the service of Mr. Charles Bath, a pawnbroker, in Goswell-street. I have a scarf which was pawned there for 4s. on the 30th of April—I did not take it in myself.





HARRIET CATHERWOOD
. I live with my brother, Dr. Alfred Cather-wood, in Charles-square—the prisoner was in his service as housemaid. On the 15th of June a fire took place in my bed-room—an officer was sent for, and the prisoner's box was searched—she was going to leave on the following day—on opening her box I saw some articles belonging to me, which the police-sergeant has possession of—there was this silk and lace, feathers, and other things of mine—some articles of my brother's, James Catherwood, and a sheet belonging to Dr. Alfred Catherwood—I had not missed these articles—they had been deposited in different drawers in the house, which were always kept locked—when these articles were found I said they belonged to me—this scarf produced by the pawnbroker is worth 30s.—4s. is a very small sum to lend on it—I found a skeleton-key in my room on the morning after the fire—the sergeant applied the key to the drawers in the house, and it opened nearly every drawer—this is the key—(producing it)—I found it on an ornamental flower-jar on the drawers in my room—this key differs considerably from the keys of my drawers—it opened nearly every drawer in the house.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you observe any thing remarkable in the demeanor of this girl, to induce you to believe she was not right in her head? A. No, I never observed any thing peculiar about her—I know when she was taken into custody a razor was found in her bosom.





HENRY WILLIAM DUBOIS
 (police-sergeant N 14.) I was called in to Dr. Catherwood's on the night of the fire—I searched the prisoner's box—I gave her notice that I intended to search it, and after some hesitation she gave me a key—she showed me to her room, which adjoins Miss Catherwood's, and pointed out a new deal box, which was not painted—unlocked it in her presence—I drew out a great many articles belonging to herself, and then a great many things belonging to Miss Catherwood and

her brothers—the prisoner left the room twice, and I ordered her to be brought back—I would not search the box without her being present—I took her into custody—I found in her bosom a razor, which she had taken from the Doctor's room—I took it from her, and told her it would not do for me, I was too well used to such things—she then fainted away—I took her to the station—I found in her box two duplicates—one of them was of this scarf pawned at Mr. Bath's, for 4s.—I examined a bandbox, and found in it a carpenter's gouge, and some dirty things—the prisoner desired me to try the other servant's keys to her box, and I found one key which would open the prisoner's box, but the prisoner's key was rather too large to open the other servant's box—as I was going to the station with the prisoner, she said, "I own I put part of the things there, sod the other servant must have put the other part"—I tried this key which Miss Catherwood gave me, and I found it opened about twenty drawers, besides cupboards—it is a most extraordinary key, it opened and locked them easily.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Tears.
