




1039. 




EDWARD O'BRIEN
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
17th of March, 21lbs. weight of lead, value 5s. 3d., the goods of 



William Johnson, his master, and fixed to a building; and




MARY CLARK



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute &c.; and that O'Brien had been before convicted of felony.






FREDERICK CRANE
. I am foreman to William Johnson, of Wine Office-court,

Fleet-street—O'Brien was in his employ. On the 17th of March, he was at work for Mr. Johnson—the policeman brought the prisoner to me—I went into the upper-floor—the lead was produced and fitted to the front of the gutter—one piece corresponded—it belonged to Mr. Johnson.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was Mr. Johnson dwelling there? A. No, it is not a house, it is a printing-office—he was then in possession of it—he left it on the 25th of March.





HARRIET M'DONNEL
. I live in Wine Office-court. About four o'clock on Wednesday, the 17th of March, I saw O'Brien lying outside a shed sawing a leaden water-spout belonging to Mr. Johnson—he got in at a window, went up to the top of the house, put his arm out of the window, and pulled the lead out of the gutter, took the saw and sawed it, doubled the lead against the wall, and put it under his apron, he then went down and went across Cough-square—I followed him to John son's-court, where Clark lives—he went in there, took the lead from under his apron, and laid it on the bench—I got a policeman—O'Brien was then gone—he went and took him at Mr. Johnson's.





HENRY MORRIS
 (City police-constable, No. 323.) I was sent for, and took O'Brien at his master's—I went to Johnson's-court, where Clark lives—I took O'Brien with me—I asked her for the lead the boy had brought there—she said no boy had brought any lead there—I looked about the shop—I could not see any—I did not wait any longer—I took O'Brien to Wine Office-court again—I took him to Clark's again, and there she stood still, till the boy cried and said, "Give it him"—she said, "What?"—he said, "The lead I brought here"—she said, "Are you the boy that brought the lead?"—he said, "Yes"—she took several pieces of lead out of the basket before she came to the piece that fitted—I took that, and it fitted one end; while we were there, O'Brien said there was another piece—I took him back to Clark's for the other piece, and she produced the other piece—there were a great many people round the door—they rushed in, and O'Brien made his escape.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is Clark married? A. Yes.





JOHN BRAND
 (City police-constable, No. 229.) I produce a certificate of O'Brien's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person.

O'BRIEN—



GUILTY. Aged 15.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.
—


Transported for Seven Years—Prison Ship.

CLARK—


NOT GUILTY
.
