




2525. 




EDWARD GIFFORD
 and 




SARAH ANN HUNT
 were again indicted for

 feloniously receiving, on the 
28th of February, 8 lace shawls, value 13l.; 26 lappets, value 8l.; 19 berthes, value 8l.; 81 capes, value 21l.; 83 cambric caps, value 35l.; 11 lace dresses, value 29l.; 27 falls, Value 10l.; 28 veils, value 19l.; 12 collars, value 4l.; 38 scarfs, value 30l.; and 10 muslin collars, value 4l.; the goods of 



Samuel Lambert; well knowing them to have been stolen; against the statute, &c.; to which


GIFFORD pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

MR. CHAMBERS
conducted the Prosecution.





FREDERICK HERBERT HEMMING
. I am agent to Samuel Lambert, a lace-manufacturer—he has a place of business in Aldermanbury. In February last I packed up a quantity of lace to go to the country—I delivered it to Beale, a porter, to take to the Swan-with-Two-Necks—I can swear to a great part of these things found, as being part of them.





RICHARD BEALE
. I am a porter. I took this box of lace to the Swan-with-Two-Necks—while I was engaged in putting up a carpet-bag, the box of lace was stolen.





JOHN WHALL
 (police-sergeant C 16.) I went to Warwiek-street with Gray on the 4th of July—I knocked at the door—it was opened by the servant—I saw Hunt in the parlour, lying on the sofa—Gray asked her

whether Mr. or Mrs. Gifford were at home—she said they were at Graves. end—we told her we had a search-warrant to search the house for certain stolen property—we asked her if she had any keys, as we should commence at the top of the house—she said Mr. and Mrs. Gifford had takes the keys with them to Gravesend—we went up stairs, and began searching the top of the house—in the back attic we found a great quantity of skeleton-keys, life-preservers, jemmies, and other things—Gray went down stairs—he came up again in two or three minutes, and then we broke open the door of the front attic—we found the room full of silks and other things, some in a cupboard, and some on the floor, in a confused state—we then came down into the parlour—Hunt was still there—in a short time a knock came to the door, which was opened by Gray, and Gifford came in—Gray asked him if he was not Mr. Gifford—he said "Yes"—he said, "Are you master of this house?"—he said, "I am"—we then went into the parlour—Hunt said she was housekeeper to Mr. Gifford—we told Gifford the nature of our business, and showed him the warrant—we then searched the front parlour, where Gray found some property—I went into the back parlour, and found there a basket, with dirty linen at the top. and clean linen at the bottom, and in the middle was a quantity of lace wrapped up in this brown paper—some of the linen belonged to a man. and some to a woman—I know where Gifford lived before—Hunt passed as his wife—I have seen her living in the same house.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you not find these skeleton-keys in a room which you understood was occupied by a man named Handley? A. I have heard so—I have been in the house, but I never spoke to Hunt before—a Mrs. Hancock was indicted for keeping the house.





JOHN GRAY
 (police-sergeant C 14.) I assisted in searching the house—I found the door of the front attic locked—I went down, and asked Hunt if she had the keys of the front attic—she said she had not—we broke it open—on coming down again I saw some keys on the sideboard in the front parlour—I said, "What are these?"—she said, "One will open the front attic"—I said, "It is too late now"—she said, "I thought Mr. and Mrs. Gifford had taken them with them to Gravesend"—I found two pieces of lace in the front parlour cupboard.





MARY WATKINS
. I lived as servant, in Eyre-street, for three months up to the 1st of June, with Mrs. Hunt, who used to pass as Mrs. Good,—Gifford used to pass as Mr. Good—on some occasions Handley has come there—sometimes both Mr. and Mrs. Good were at home—sometimes Handley has brought a parcel in his hand, sometimes not, and if Mr. and Mrs. Good were engaged, he was shown into the drawing-room till they were at liberty—if not, they used to go into the back parlour, and no one was admitted while they were there—when Mr. Good was not there, Handley saw Mrs. Good—I did not go with them when they removed to Warwick-street—it was an open house they kept in Eyre-street.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were you examined at any of the ten examinations? A. No—Sergeant Gray came up to me in the street, and asked if my name was Mary Watkins—I said it was—he asked if I did not live in Eyre-street—I said I did—I gave him my address, No. 3, Red Lion-street, Seven-dials, where I am living with Mrs. Smith, a dress-maker—I lived in the house in Eyre-street three months—I knew it was a brothel when I went there—I had never lived at one before—I was told I had nothing to do but to wait on the master and mistress—the

other servant, Mary Kent, opened the door—I have not been at any other house in Eyre-street—I partook of some brandy and water with Sergeant Gray, at Mr. Robinson's, who keeps a public-house at the corner of Eyre-street—it is more than a week ago—I did not think there was any harm in it—he paid for it—he was in his uniform—he asked me a few questions about this case.





MARY JACKSON
. In January last Mrs. Hunt employed me to take care of No. 5, Warwick-street—she then went by the name of Mrs. Gifford—I was to take care of the apartments, and to clean them—I remained there till June—I knew Mrs. Hunt lived in Eyre-street, and she told me the house was going to be indicted—she left it in the early part of June, and came to Warwick-street—she came on a Thursday or Friday morning, and I think the first week after she came, there were two cabs and a hackney-coach full of bundles came to the house—I do not know what they contained—they were put first into the parlour and the passage, and afterwards taken to the first-floor and the front attic—the front attic was always open till a few days before I came away, when a lock was put on it by Mrs. Hunt's order—Mr. Gifford came there about a week after Mrs. Hunt came—he used to pass as her husband—there is a back parlour if the house—it was used as a bed-room—Mrs. Hunt slept there—she kept the keys of the cupboards, and always paid me my wages—I used to let the house in lodgings—I always received the rent, and paid it to Mrs. Hunt.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Very respectable people lived there? A. Yes—a member of Parliament had the second-floor back room—Mr. Handley had the second-floor, and then removed to the back attic—I do not know whether Mr. Gifford or Mrs. Hunt knew him—he appeared a stranger.





JAMES BLOOMFIELD NORTON
. I am clerk in the Phoenix Fire Office. I recollect Mrs. Hunt coming there, on the 6th of April last, to effect an insurance on furniture at No. 5, Warwick-street, Cockspur-street, Charing-cross—she represented it as her own, and gave her name Sarah Ann Hunt.





CHARLOTTE HANDCOCK
. I Live in Buckingham-street, Strand. I lived with the prisoners in Eyre-street—they went by the name of Mr. and Mrs. Good—Mr. Good was master of the house—I have seen Mrs. Hunt wear this black lace dress which is here produced—I believe the first time she wore it was at Ascot-races, fifteen months ago—I saw her with this shawl when she came from Boulogne—she told me Mr. Good gave it her.





FULGENCE PIGACHE

re-examined. This shawl is one that was in our parcel—the cost price of it was fourteen guineas.





FREDERICK HERBERT HEMMING

re-examined. This lace of ours I have examined—it is worth about 80l., and is in pieces, such as we should sell to the retail dealers.

HUNT.—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
