



1038. 




HORACE BROWN



, stealing, whilst employed in the Post-office, two letters containing money, the property of the 

Post-Master General.


MESSRS. CLARKSON and BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN FORBES.
 I am a messenger in the inland department of the Postoffice—the prisoner was a letter-carrier there—it was part of his duty to assist occasionally in taking letters from the stampers to the sorters—it is a very large room—the stampers' tables are distinguished by letters. On 15th March the prisoner was taking letters from the "H" table to the sorters' table—I was placed so as to have a view of persons so employed—about seven o'clock in the morning the prisoner separated two or three letters from the others, and put them between the fingers of his left hand, then took a handful more up with both hands, carried them to the sorters' table, and put some of them down—he brought some away towards the railway department, put his hand down, and put a few under his waistcoat with his right hand—I told Mr. Barnard, the superintending president's clerk, and lost sight of the prisoner for two or three minutes—I went back, and saw him about to ascend by the machine, which is a frame with ten or twelve floors, which constantly aseends by the action of a steam-engine—I got up too late to go by the same stage as he did, and got on to the next—he could arrive at the floor above a little before me—when I got up he was going towards his seat—I told Mr. Harris, the assistant-inspector of letter-carriers—he went down with the prisoner to the inspector's room, by the machine—I left them there, and fetched Peste—these letters produced bear the inland stamp of 15th March, and were stamped at the "H" table.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. Who told you to watch? A. Mr. Barnard—he is not here.





MATTHEW PEAKE.
 I am an officer of the Post-office. At a little after eight o'clock, on the morning of 15th March, I was called into the inspector's room, and found the prisoner—I searched him, but found no letters—he had not hat—it was brought down by a letter-carrier, Brown accompanied me and Mr. Last, one of the inspectors, to his lodgings, 6, Surrey-street, Camberwell, to search—I found four sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, and seventeen crowas—I searched the privy—I am sure there were no letters there then—the prisoner was in the washhouse close by—he knew that I got a light to put down—when he saw me come out, he asked leave to go in—no one had been in in the interval—I stood at the door till he came out, then looked again, and said, "You have thrown a letter down here"—he said, "Nonsense, you are mistaken"—I said, "It was not here just now, and has been put down while you were in here"—I was taking off the seat, and heard an alarm of his being gone—there is a door out of the yard into the street—I pursued him, calling "Stop thief!"—he ran 400 or 500 yards—I brought him back, pursued my search, and found these two letters in the privy—I took him back to the post office, and said I must search him again—he said it was of no use, he had got no letters about him—I said, "I can't believe you; must have had two when I searched me, they were in my had, up stairs"—they were both sealed—I opened them by the Magistrate's order—one is addressed to "The proprietors

of the 'Ecclesiastical Gazette,' 9, Southampton-street, London," and contained 6d.; the other, to "The Rev. J. P. Pearce, Tetsworth, Oxfordshire," and contained 1s. 6d.




GUILTY. Aged 29.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(MR. BODKIN
stated that several letters had been opened, the money taken out, and the letters then, forwarded re-sealed, and bearing the impression of a seal which was found at the prisoner's house.)
