



1555. 




STEPHEN STOWER
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of May, 563 yards of woollen and cotton cloth called cashmerette, the goods of 



Thomas Parker and another.—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of John Honor Parker.






JOHN NICHOLS
. I am warehouseman to Hermitage, brothers, cloth manufacturers in New-street, Hudderfield. On the 13th of May I packed up these two pieces of cashmerette, and sent them to London—they contained 56 1/2, yards, and were worth 10l. 7d.—they were directed to Broughton and Co. London—I delivered them to James Procter, who is porter to Cower and Driver, of Huddersfield.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. What have you in your hand? The copy of the invoice—I know this cloth by the number—I know the number by seeing it in the making-book at Huddersfield—I know it by the pattern—we take a pattern of every piece of goods, when we measure them.

COURT. Q. Are you able, now, on looking at these goods, to say whether this is the cloth you sent? A. I have two small bits, which I got from the warehouse at Huddersfield—they fit this end of the cloth, and this is the number entered to Broughton.


MR. BODKIN. Q. How long bad you lost sight of these pieces of cloth? A. They are taken out of the end of the piece, and put in the book, and the number with them—I can swear that this end of cloth (looking at it) is part of that I sent to Broughton.





JAMES PROCTER
. I am porter to Thomas Carver and others, carriers at Huddersfield—I received two pieces of cloth from Nichols, on the 13th of May—I took it to Carver's warehouse—they sent it by railway to London.





CHRISTOPHER THOMPSON
. Some cloth was brought by Procter to our warehouse—I copied the address in the receiving-book, and copied it on the waybill, and saw it laid on the truck, to be conveyed to the railway station—it was directed to J. V. Broughton and Co. London.





JOHN SUTTON
. I am agent to Carver and Co. at Binghurst. I received the parcel, and saw it forwarded on the railway—we are answerable for it till it gets to London—they look to us for payment of it.

Cross-examined. Q. It would pass two or three different railways to get to London? A. Yes—the goods are placed in trucks belonging to the Company—I do not know how they are changed from truck to truck.





WILLIAM HEALEY
. I am clerk to Thomas Parker and another, at the King's Arms inn—they are carriers—I was at the terminus of the railway at Camden-town, on the 15th, about six o'clock—this truss could not be found.





JAMES DAY
. I am warehouseman to John Vicary Broughton, a draper in Oxford-street—we should have received this truss on the 15th—it did not come.





JOHN ROE
. I took the prisoner on May the 15th, at three o'clock—he took out of his pocket this fag-end of cloth, which has the number on it—I then went to search his house in Little Carter-lane, and found these two pieces of cloth in his bed-room.

MR. BODKIN
called






WILLIAM FREBLE
. I live at No. 15, Little Carter-lane—I was living there at the time the prisoner was taken—I have known him two or three years—I breakfasted with him the day he was taken, about eight o'clock, and dined with him about one—I did not see him after—I am sure he slept in the house the night before—I saw him the day before—he was unwell two or three days, and in consequence of that he staid at home—I am sure he was at home those two days.

COURT. Q. What are you? A. A porter. I lived with Mr. John Bassett, in Wood-street, and left about two months ago—the place did not suit me—I left for no fault.





CHARLOTTE THOMAS
. My husband is a tailor. I live at No. 15, Little Carter-lane—I saw the prisoner out about ten or eleven o'clock on the day he was taken—I do not know whether he was at home the day before—I think I saw him about the neighbourhood.
(Thomas Jenkins, porter, Bartholomew-close; William bring, publi-can, Distaff-lane; Richard Pearson, tailor, Doctors' Commons; and Thomas Golding, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.
