




929. 




THOMAS WATSON
 and 




JOHN HALL
 were indicted for

 stealing 39lbs. weight of lead, value 7s., the goods of 



John Wilson, and fixed to a building; and that Hall had been before convicted of felony.






BENJAMIN REEVE
. I am a carpenter, and live in Northampton-row, Clerkenwell. I was repairing a house belonging to Mr. John Wilson in Vine-yard-walk—I saw the lead safe on that house about ten o'clock in the day on the 16th of Feb.—I went again between eight and nine the same evening, and part of it was removed—I have compared the lead brought by the policeman with that on the house—I am quite sure it is the same.





EMMA HAMEL SWAN
. I live near this house of Mr. Wilson's. On the night of the 16th of Feb. I saw Watson run through my passage from the garden—Mr. Wilson's house is at the end of my garden, and Watson came as if from there.





WILLIAM JAMES SIMPSON
 (police-constable G 245.) I saw Watson on the roof of the prosecutor's house about six o'clock that evening—he ran from me, jumped on a building, scaled the wall, and got into Mrs. Swan's house—I found this piece of lead rolled up in the prosecutor's gutter.





RICHARD WALKER
 (police-constable G 33.) I heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I saw Watson, and stopped him—I found this crow-bar in the garden of the house which the lend was stolen from.





SAMUEL DOYLE
. I went to Mr. Wilson's house about nine o'clock that night—I found Hall in the gutter of a house three doors from that house—I found this piece of lead in the cupboard in Mr. Wilson's house.

Watson's Defence. I was taken ill, and went to a water-closet; the door of the house was fastened, and I got over the roof to get away.

Hall's Defence. I met Watson in Exmouth-street; he said he was taken bad in his inside, and went to a water-closet; the door slammed to, and he got over the wall.





MATTHEW PEAK
. I produce a certificate of Hall's conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person.

WATSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined Six Months.


HALL—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

