




2500. 



WILLIAM STRINGER, alias
 William Fitzgerald, alias
 Cales Bill

, and 



CHARLES NEWSTEAD, alias
 William Newton Smithson, alias
 Nell Gwynn

, were indicted for

 feloniously assaulting 



John Ellis Churchill, on the 
11th of August, with intent to rob him; and that Stringer had been before convicted of felony.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN ELLIS CHURCHILL
. I have an employment in the house of Messrs. Ellis and Everington, in St. Paul's Churchyard—I am nephew to Mr. Wynne Ellis, the Member for Leicester—I lodge at No. 44, Great Marlborough-street, near Oxford-street. On Thursday evening, the 11th of August, about five minutes before nine, I went out to take a walk—I proceeded through Grosvenor-gate into Hyde-park—I am in the habit of frequently walking in the Park after coming home from business of an evening—I generally leave the City about seven o'clock—on that evening it was past seven—I proceeded straight across the Park, towards Kensington-gardens—after proceeding about three hundred yards into the center of the Park, I found the grass damp, and turned into the path, which cuts obliquely from the Serpentine to Oxford-street—I turned to my right, and was then in a direction towards Oxford-street, about three hundred yards from the gate—the prisoner New stead then approached me from behind, and, touching his hat politely, asked the nearest road to the City—he had on a black coat, buttoned, and presented a respectable appearance

—he stated that he had been spending the day at Kensington, and was going to some lane in the City, but what lane it was I do not recollect—I told him the road that I was going was his most direct way—we walked on together as this conversation was going on, about twenty or thirty yards—I then heard some one coming behind me, and, on looking round, I saw the other prisoner, Stringer, coming towards me—he seized me by the collar, called me a d——beast, and said I had been guilty of indecently exposing my person—I raised my stick with a view to knock him down, when New stead seized my arm, and said, "You had better go quietly to the station-house"—I remarked, that if there were two of them it was useless my resisting—I proceeded at a prisoner with Stringer towards the gate, to Oxford-street—New stead followed behind us—we went down Par Wane, and down one of the streets leading into Grosvenor-square—Stringer observed that he had been watching me for the last three-quarters of an hour, and added, that my friend (meaning New stead) kept close behind me—he was behind—I requested Stringer, if he felt disposed to take me to the station, to go to my house, that I might take some friend with me—I did not say where it was—I said it was in the neighbourhood—we then proceeded down Lower Brook-street, in a contrary direction to the station, I presume, in order to go to my house—he asked me what security I would give him if he allowed me to go into my house—I said, "What security can you require if you see me to my door?"—when we got opposite Mivart's Hotel, I saw a policeman about forty yards off—I said, "Here is a policeman, it will soon be settled"—Stringer immediately said, "You shall not go to your lodging, you shall go to the station"—I said I did not care where I went—we immediately turned back down Davis-street, for the purpose, as it struck me, of avoiding the policeman—we went towards Berkeley-square, and met a body of the police—I remarked, that the police were coming towards us, and Stringer immediately stopped—(New stead had gone away on my remarking that I had seen the policeman at the bottom of Brook-street—I then looked behind, and saw that he had gone)—as the police approached us Stringer halted with me—I said, "Here are the police, we will go towards them"—we crossed the road, he in the mean time seizing my collar, and dragging me towards them, as though I were a prisoner—he seized me by the collar at the corner of Davis-street, when we first saw them—on our coming up to the police, he said, "I give this man in charge to you for an indecent assault," adding, that if the sergeant went back a little way, he would probably find the other fellow—we were then taming towards the station, but, on his saying that, we went back, but saw nothing of New stead—I was then conveyed to Vine-street station, in custody Stringer went into the private office, and made a charge against me which I did not hear—the inspector called me forward on Stringer leaving the office, and read the charge to me—I was then sent down, and locked up for the night—I applied for writing materials both that night and in the morning, and for a messenger, stating that I had money in my pocket to satisfy them, but it was taken no notice of—on the following morning I was taken to Marlborough-street—my charge was the third, I believe—I waited half-an-hour for Stringer to come—he made his appearance then, and was examined—I was then locked up as a prisoner at the police-court—the Magistrate called on me to find bail, and I remained at the office till I procured bail-one of my bail knew the firm of Shepherd and Sutton, in whose employ

Stringer had stated himself to be, and he immediately went, and brought Mr. Shepherd back with him—Mr. Shepherd was then confronted with Stringer before the Magistrate—I was not present, but in the evening, by the advice of the Magistrate's clerk, I gave Stringer in charge for an assault, from what had transpired on Mr. Shepherd's arrival.





MICHAEL JOHN FITZPATRICK
. J attended as clerk to the Justice on the hearing of this charge, and took down what Stringer said on that occasion—(reads)—"John Ellis Churchill charged by William Fitzgerald, who, being sworn, says, 'I am in the employ, as porter, of Robert Shepherd and William Sutton, of Foster-lane, Cheap side, wholesale stationert. About half-past nine o'clock last night I was in Hyde-park, and I was passing a cluster of trees, when I saw the defendant and another man (the statement here went on to describe both the parties in an indelicate and disgusting situation, which in law would amount to a misdemeanor)—I sprang upon them, and seized hold of both—they struggled, and the defendant had a stick, and endeavoured to strike me, and in my endeavoring to prevent it the other one got away; the defendant buttoned up his trousers, and begged of me to let him go, saying he was a gentleman, and was going out on a party, as this morning, grouse shooting; he begged of me to loose hold of him, saying he would walk quietly; on my doing so he attempted to run away; he offered me his stick, and all the money he had about him, if I would let him go; be said it was a gold-headed stick, and had his crest on it. I afterwards, on meeting some police-constables, gave him in charge of the police-sergeant. I have been in the employ of Messrs. Shepherd and Co. for these last two years.'"—The prosecutor was held to bail, himself in 1000l., and two sureties of 250l. each, to answer the complaint be was locked up—about half-past four one of the bail came, and brought Mr. Shepherd with him, and, in consequence of Mr. Shepherd saying that Stringer was not in his service, we sent a messenger off to endeavour to find him—he came to the office about six—the Magistrate remained till then—Mr. Shepherd was then confronted with him—Stringer was then asked some questions by the Magistrate, but he was not sworn—I have what he said—(reads)—"William Fitzgerald says, 'I am now out of a situation; I was never in the employ of Messrs. Shepherd and Sutton, but my brother lived with them three years; I have left my situation about two months; I was then living with Mr. Charles Bailey, in a street running into Judd-street; I lived with him as his servant; he is an independent gentleman, and he had no occasion for my services; previous to that I was living in the service of Mr. Cale, a coffee-house keeper, in Brewer-street; I was living with him nearly two years. It is false what I swore this morning, that I was a porter, in the employ of Shepherd and Sutton—the reason I swore so was, I was out of a situation, and my brother having lived in their service, it came to my head to say so. It is about two years since that he lived there. When I swore this morning that I communicated to my employers that I had a charge at this court—that is, if I did do so—it was false. If I swore this morning that I had some difficulty in getting leave in coming from my employers, that is false. If any person has stated that I was seen in company with Edwards this morning, it is false. It is not true that Edwards, who spoke to Mr. M'Arthur, lodges in the same house as I do; he lodges in Berwick-street. I saw Edwards last night, and before that about a fortnight ago. I never saw Mr. M'Arthur before to-day. I do not know Mr. Ward. I did not instruct Edwards to employ a solicitor;

I did not know he had done so, nor can I account for Edwards's coming into court since the case first came on; I have not seen him since. Edwards is a journeyman cabinet-maker, and I believe earns about 30s. a-week. I did not tell the inspector last night that I would be here this morning, but that I must first ask my employers' leave. I cannot say that I see Mr. Shepherd or Mr. Sutton now in court; I have seen Mr. Shepherd about six times. My stating that I was living with Messrs, Shepherd and Sutton came out unawares; I was not prepared for the question."

Q. Was Mr. Shepherd in court at the time he made that statement? A. He was—I had heard him say on the previous examination that he could with difficulty get his employer's leave, but that was not taken down at the time—he did not appear when the charge was called on, it was half-an-hour after its turn—I asked him what made him so late, and he said that—at the second examination in the evening, before he was apprized that Mr. Shepherd was there, I told him that he had given' a great deal of trouble, did he persist that he was still in the employ of Messrs. Shepherd and Sutton?—he said that he did—I asked him if we went there could we get one of the partners—he said it was no use, because they were gone to Camberwell and the warehouse was shut up—this was in the evening just before we went in before the Magistrate.

MR. CHURCHILL
re-examined. I went with Stringer to Vine-street station to make my charge of assault against him there, he being in custody of a policeman—when I had made the charge, and was leaving the office, he turned to me in a menacing attitude, and said, "You shall have New stead before you in the morning, the man with whom you were indecently engaged in the park last night, I have Been him this afternoon"—that was the first time I heard the name of New stead mentioned, and a friend of mine remarked at the same time, that he was sure it was not a fictitious name, from the singularity of it—I had not been talking to Newstead in the park a minute before Stringer came up—we bad not been in company twenty yards—there is not a word of truth in the statement which has been read—I deny the charge totally—I have stated all that passed between me and. New stead.

Stringer. Q. You say you left your lodging at five minutes before nine? A. As near as I can tell—I do not think I was further than 300 yards in the park from Grosvenor-gate—it does not usually take me twenty minutes to walk that distance—I looked at it last Sunday on purpose, and timed myself, walking from the same spot to Marlborough-street, and it took me a quarter of an hour—I did not say when you took hold of me, "Don't hold me, I am a gentleman, and I will give you my word as a gentleman that I will not run away from you"—I did not then run away for six or seven yards and attempt to get away from you—I never offered you any money to let me go—I never said I would give you all I had about me, nor offer you my stick, saying it bad a gold head with my crest on it—I did not say "I am going out to-morrow morning with a party of gentlemen grouse shooting, do allow me to go away"—and, as to my cane, it has not a crest on it, only initials—you may have seen it was cut, and supposed it was my crest; in fact they are not my initials. Stringer. I never saw the cane, not to observe it, until it was shown to me by the sergeant who had him in custody next morning; he then said, "This is no crest;" the Magistrate examined it also; I have only to deny

that this man (New stead) is the man that was with Mr. Churchill—he was shorter and stouter than this man; Mr. Churchill is a gentleman of respectability and high connexions, I am a poor man and with a character not the best, I know; at the same time that ought not to stand in the way of a man; it is not because I may have committed myself once that I should lose the feelings of a man; I never asked Mr. Churchill for a 6d., or took a 6d. from him; I never assaulted him in any way but taking and giving him in charge for the act which I found him at.

New stead, I totally deny ever seeing Mr. Churchill in my life; he has employed a party who is paid to come and speak against me, to say that he saw me on the night in question with this party at six o'clock; I was in the City at the time; he has paid and kept him at a policeman's house; he told him, in the presence of the officers, that he would send him to prison if he did not do that. Witness. I am as positive New stead is the man that came up to me in the park as that I am here.

MR. FITZPATRICK
re-examined. The distance from Marlborough-street to Grosvenor-gate does not exceed a mile, I go it frequently myself.





CHARLES WALLIS
. I am a dentist, and live at No. 44, Great Marlborough-street—Mr. Churchill is a friend of mine, and lodges in my house—I was at the station-house when Mr. Churchill went to give his charge against Stringer—as Mr. Churchill was passing the bar to come out of the room, he had to pass Stringer, who came forward, and putting his hand oat menacingly, said to him, "I will bring up New stead to-morrow, the man with whom you were indecently engaged in the park; I met him by accident this afternoon, and he says he will come."

Stringer. Q. Are you positive that I said "New stead," or did I say M'Arthur? A. I can positively swear that you said New stead—no other name was used.

Stringer, I never knew this young man by the name of New stead.





ROBERT LISTER
 (police-constable C 143.) I was at the station-house in Vine-street when Mr. Churchill went there to make his charge against Stringer—as he was passing the bar going out, I heard Stringer say, "You shall see New stead in the morning, the man you were indecently engaged with in the park"—he did not say anything more that I took any notice of—I went into the inspectors' room after that.





ELLEN THORN
. I am the daughter of Mrs. Thorn, of No. 15, Denzil street, Clare-market, close to Stanhope-street—Stringer lodged at my mother's house, and Fitzgerald, the prisoner last tried, in the same room with him—the other man went by the name of Fitzgerald, and this prisoner by the name of Stringer—they passed as brothers, but went by different names—I learnt from Fitzgerald that they were brothers—I do not think Stringer was present when he had said so—I have seen New stead go out with Stringer and frequently come to see Stringer and Fitzgerald—I saw Newstead there about a week before he was taken into custody—I never heard his name—I have often seen him and Stringer go out together—I have not the least doubt of his being the person I have seen.

Stringer. Q. How late of a night have I been out with New stead or Fitzgerald? A. I cannot say How late—you used to come in very late one morning you came in at one o'clock, and very often I have heard you come in at two—in fact you all used to come in very late indeed—there was a nephew, as you called him, used to lodge with you—I never saw any thing wrong about you—you used to quarrel very much, and disturb us.





WILLIAM THORN
. I am last witness's brother—I remember Fitzgerald

coming to lodge at the house, I mean Stringer—I know Fitzgerald, the last prisoner—he came with him, but it was nearly a week before I saw him—they lived together in the same room as brothers—I have heard Stringer call him his brother, and say he was his brother—I never heard Stringer say so in his presence.

Stringer. Q. On what occasion did you hear me call Fitzgerald my brother? A. When you were quarrelling—I am certain you said so.





FREDERICK CI. ACKE
. I am an engineer, and live in Broad-street, Golden-square. I know the two prisoners—I have seen them together—I saw them together on the 11th of August, at Charring-cross, about six o'clock in the evening.

Stringer. Q. Where do you live? A. No. 37, Broad-street—I have lived there a year—I have only been from home a short time while I was at work in Holborn, and it was too far to come home to my meals—after that I went home again—I did live at No. 35, Houghton-street, Clare-market—I left there about twelve or fourteen months' since—I bad no particular reason for leaving—I did not-break open some drawers, and steal some letters, and a deed concerning some houses at Brixton—I lived at No. 9, Hand-court, three months ago—some persons named Travers lived there—they assumed my name—we did not live there as brothers—my mother did not give me a gold watch about six weeks or two months ago, nor yet a gold mourning ring—I had a watch and ring—I can hardly say whether the name of Jane or Sarah Bell, or Mrs. Bell, was engraved inside the ring—I pledged the watch—Travers pledged it by my orders for 3l., and the ring for 6s.—I sold the duplicate of my watch to my landlady for 25s.—I did not lend the duplicate to a gentleman named Bell next morning—there if no such person as Mrs. Eden in Hand-court—I never altered a duplicate from 3s. to 3l.—I remember meeting you last Thursday evening—I do not remember the conversation we had—I did not away, "I did not expect to see you here, I heard you were gone to Holland, I can get you 200l., what will you give me if I get you 200l., Bill?"—I had been told you had received 200l. from Mr. Churchill to go out of the way, not to appear on the trial, which I knew to be false, as I had been to Mr. Churchill, and told him about the prisoners, and he told me if I had a chance of seeing the two prisoners in company to apprehend them—I went to see if I could find them—I saw you, and asked you How you were, and told you I thought you was off to Holland—that is How the 200l. arose—I did not tell you I could give you 200l.—I did not say so in the presence of Plume.

Stringer. You met me again on the Friday previous to giving me into custody, by St. Martin's church, you, Plume, and a young drummer; you said again, "Are you not gone off to Holland?" some words ensued between you and one of the parties, which ended in a quarrel. Witness. There was a quarrel—I said on that occasion, that when I had an opportunity, a chance of transporting the pair of them, I would do it as far as laid in my power, such horrible characters as they were—as to the person he speaks of, he is the person he called his nephew.

New stead. I deny his seeing me on the night he mentions; the night before he gave me in charge I was drinking with a man named Dixon, but not with Stringer.





THOMAS PLUME
. I have gone by the name of Thomas Davis to Mr. Churchill—I know the two prisoners—I have often seen them together—I have known Stringer about three months, and New stead about two years.


Stringer. Q. Do you remember meeting me with Clacke, on Thursday evening, about the bottom of Castle-street? A. I do not remember—I remember asking you to treat me with a pint of beer, but I do not remember the evening—we went and had a pint of beer together—Clacke did not come in, and look at the door, to my knowledge, while we were drinking the beer—I did not hear Clacke say any thing concerning your going to Holland and 200l.—I have some recollection of you and Clacke, and a little drummer sitting opposite St. Martin's church, and talking, last Friday evening—I do not remember Clacke saying he would transport you and Richard Hand, if he had the opportunity—I did not say so—I did not say that I never mixed myself up with other people's business, and it was a cruel thing to lag another on a false charge.





WILLIAM SHEPHERD
. I carry on business in Foster-lane, City, in partnership with Mr. Sutton, as stationers—the prisoner Fitzgerald, who was tried last, was in my employment—he quitted it about five years since—Stringer was never in my service—he never applied to me for leave to attend at Marlborough-street, or had any communication with me on the subject of this charge.





WILLIAM PLUME
. I am inspector of the C division of police. I took the charge made by Stringer against Mr. Churchill—after doing so I told Stringer that he must appear next day at Marlborough-street police-court—he said he would appear, but he must first ask his employers' leave—lie said they lived in Foster-lane, in the City—he did not mention their names, that I recollect.

Stringer. Q. Do you recollect saying to me, after Mr. Churchill was locked up, that you were satisfied he was guilty of the crime, from what he had said to you? A. Certainly not.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is there one word of truth in that suggestion? A. Not one word.

Stringer's Defence. The prisoner commenced by persisting in the statement which he had made before the Magistrate with regard to the indecent situate in which he found the prosecutor, and proceeded to say, I sprang on them, and seized them both; Mr. Churchill raised his stick to strike me; I put my hand up to keep the blows off; at the same time the other prisoner ran away in a side direction from me; I called loudly for police, but no one came; I seized Mr. Churchill, and kept him by the arm. In walking across the park to Oxford-street, he said, "I am a gentleman, and I will give you my word as such that I will walk quietly by your side, if you will allow me." I let him go then for a few minutes, and walked by his side; he then attempted to run away from me half a dozen yards; I overtook him and said, "I shall keep you in my custody, and give you to the first policeman I meet;" he said, "I am a gentleman, for God's sake, don't expose me, it will ruin me." I said, "You should have thought of this before you committed the act, and then you would not have been in my power; after what I have seen, I shall certainly keep you in my custody till I give you to a policeman." I thought there was a station-house in Mount-street, and went in that direction; on inquiry I found there was no station-house there, it was a work-house. On going down towards Brook-street he said, "I am a gentleman, and don't expose me; I live in this neighbourhood; I will give you all I possess if you will allow me to go about my business." I said, "I want nothing from you in any shape or form; you

must go with me to the station;" he said, "I will give you all the money I have about me, and this gold-headed stick; I have promised to go with some gentlemen grouse shooting." I said, "I can't help it, as I have gone so far I shall give you into custody." He said, "If you are determined to take me, will you allow me to call at my house, to take a friend with me to the station-house?" I said I had no objection, if it was in our road, and provided we did not meet a policeman before. We met a body of policemen on duty; I went to the first policeman and said, "Can you take this gentleman into custody?" He said, "I don't know that I can; here is my sergeant, apply to him." I went to the sergeant, and gave him into custody, and said, "The other fellow is not far off, he is loitering behind;" and at one time the other man came so near to us, that Mr. Churchill said, "Get away, away." I went back with the policeman to look after the other party, leaving Mr. Churchill in custody of a policeman in Brook-street. I said to the policeman, "If he sees you with me he will be sure to get away;" so I walked three or four steps ahead of the policeman; he followed me closely, so that the other prisoner could have seen I was with a policeman looking after him; we could not see him, and came back, and went to Vine-street station, where I pressed the charge against Mr. Churchill, and he was locked up. I then came back, and went into the Quadrant, walked up and down, and met a friend of mine, Edwards, a cabinet-maker; I told him the case; he said, "You seem quite flurried." I said, "Yes, the thing has upset me;" he said, "Well, are you going to press the charge?" I said, "Oh, yes, I intend pressing the charge to-morrow morning;" he said, "You had better have advice." I said, "It is not in my power; the charge is straightforward, and I will answer to it." I went to Marlborough-street in the morning; and after Mr. Churchill was committed, a person came to the desk, stood by, listened to what was going forward, and said to the clerk, "Is this case committed?" he said, "It is." He stood for some minutes, and went out; the clerk said, "Do you know that man?" I said, "No, I do not." When I went out from Marlborough-street I saw this party; he said, "Do you know me?" I said, "No." He said, "My name it M'Arthur; I am sent to assist you by Edwards; I am a solicitor," or a solicitor's clerk. I went into a public-house in Marlborough-street, drank a glass of ale, and M'Arthur was with me; a messenger came from the office and said, "It is necessary for you to come into court again;" previous to this M'Arthur had been to the court, and made some observation before the Magistrate; when I went in the Magistrate said, "Have you employed a solicitor?" I said, "No;" he said, "This gentleman says he is employed by a friend of yours, named Edwards." I said, "I know a person named Edwards, a young man, a cabinet-maker, who I mentioned this case to last night;" he said, "Are you agreeable that this gentleman shall conduct the case for you?" I said, "I have no objection, but I don't see that there is any occasion for it, as the party is committed." I came out of the office, went home, and was at home about ten minutes; I then went into the City; while I was gone, a policeman came to my lodging and inquired for me, and he was told I should be at home by six o'clock. I came home at a quarter before six, and was washing when a messenger from the office came again, and said, "The Magistrate wants to see you again; he has forgotten to ask you some questions;" when I got there a second time, it was to ascertain whether I had lived with Messrs. Shepherd and Sutton, which I had not. I denied that, but before that I said I had; at the same time I wish to impress on your minds that I gave my

right name and address, No. 16, Denzil-street, where I was found by the messenger. I answered the questions the Magistrate put to me, and the consequence was that while I was there the bail was accepted for Mr. Churchill, and immediately after I came out of the office I was given into custody for assaulting Mr. Churchill; in what way I have assaulted him I know not. I have not abused, ill-used, or struck him. I accused him of this act, and I will accuse him of it to the day of my death. I saw it with my eyes; I am satisfied he is the man; I will swear it before this Court and my God in any shape or form. I did not assault Mr. Churchill further than by taking him by the collar when I caught him in the act. I have received nothing from him; I have extorted nothing from him in any form. I was told at Marlborough-street that I was an extortioner. In what manner or shape have I extorted money? Has my language been bad? Certainly not. I caught him in a crime that every man who is a man will revolt at, which the very savages would revolt at. I certainly am a poor man, and my character, I know, is not good in consequence of once being in prison and being convicted; but does that alter the feelings of a man? I entreat you to weigh it well. I am pressed down by a person who has talent and money to clear him, and make the public mind easy; but I say it again, as I stand before the Court and my God, the man is guilty of the crime I have accused him of.

Newstead's Defence. You are aware that Clacke said he would transport me if he could; he has told me so repeatedly; I do not know for what; his is the only evidence against me.





FREDERICK AUGUSTUS MICHELSON
 (police-sergeant C 17.) I produce a certificate of Stringer's former conviction, in June 1838, which I got from the Clerk of the Peace for Surrey—(read)—I was not present at his trial.





ELIZA FITZGERALD
. I am the mother of Charles Fitzgerald, the last prisoner—Stringer is no relation of mine—I attended to give him a character about three or four years ago, at Horsemonger-lane gaol—he was tried there for stealing a purse from a gentleman's servant, and transported for seven years.





JOHN WILSON
. I am an engineer, and live at No. 9, Castle-lane, Southwark-bridge. I was a witness against Stringer in 1838, when he was tried and convicted at Horsemonger-lane for stealing a purse, and 7s. of a gentleman's servant—I am positive he is the man—he was transported for seven years—I am not exactly positive to the month—it was in the summer he then went by the name of Stringer.





WILLIAM PLUME

re-examined. I was present at the prisoner's examination on this charge, before Mr. Maltby, at Marlborough-street—I heard Stringer make a statement which was taken down, and signed by Mr. Maltby—this is Mr. Maltby's hand-writing—(read)—Fitzgerald says, "I deny the charge altogether—I have nothing to say against having been previously convicted of felony."

STRINGER—


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Life.

NEWSTEAD—


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
