



1599. 




JOHN JONES, 
alias
 Gaddery

, was indicted

for stealing, on the 
15th of May, about the hour of ten in the night, in the dwelling-house of 



Stephen Olding, at 

St. John at Hackney, 1 coat, value 3l.; 5 keys, value 2s.; and 1 tablecloth, value 30s., his goods: 3 gowns, value 30s., the goods of 



Daniel Baker Olding; and 1 shawl, value 1l., the goods of 



Isabella Harmer; and afterwards burglariously breaking out of the said dwelling-house.






STEPHEN OLDING.
I live at Dalston, in the parish of St. John at Hackney, it is my dwelling-house. On the 15th of May I missed a coat, about a Quarter after ten o'clock in the evening—I am sure it was after ten o'clock—it was in my dressing-room, up one pair of stairs—I had changed it for another coat about six o'clock in the evening, and left it there—when the policeman came we searched, and the servant's shawl was missed, also a tablecloth of my own, and a bunch of keys, which were in the coat-pocket—this is the coat—(looking at it.)





ELIZABETH BAKER OLDING.
I am the prosecutor's wife. About a quarter before ten o'clock, on the night in question, I went out of the parlour, and heard somebody moving—it was nearly dark—they were in what we call the pump-room—I said, "Who is that? "—the window was immediately thrown up, and I saw a man jump out—I went into the parlour, and told Mr. Olding—the policeman came about a quarter after ten o'clock—I then examined, and missed a tablecloth and three gowns of my daughter's, Harriett Baker Olding, and a shawl of my servant's—my daughter's gowns

are here—I know them—I am sure this happened after nine o'clock—I know the window was fastened before—my daughter had fastened it—I saw it fastened, and saw the man unfasten it.





RALPH HEATON
(police-constable N267.) I was on duty at Hackney, and met the prisoner at a quarter after ten o'clock, in Dalston-lane, Hackney—he came towards me—I asked him what was his name—he said, "Jones"—I then asked if it was not Gaddery—he said, "No"—I told him I thought I knew him—he said, "I don't think you do"—I knew him perfectly well—I observed a bulk in his breast, and demanded to know what he had there—he said he would show me, and putting his hand in, he took out a shawl—I asked where he got it—he said, "From a young woman; " and if I would go with him to the place he would show me the person—I went with him, where his story was ascertained to be false—he said it was all d——stuff—I then took him to the station-house, on suspicion of stealing the shawl—I searched his pockets in his coat and waistcoat, and from his waist and hips I took this gown—I took off his own coat, under which he wore this coat, which the prosecutor claims—I met him seven or nine perches from the prosecutor's—I then asked him where he got the things—he said he was not obliged to tell.





ISABELLA HARMER.
I am servant to the prosecutor—this is my shawl—it was on a box in my bed-room—I had seen it safe at nine o'clock that evening.





MICHAEL CANTY.
I am a policeman. I was on duty in Dalston-lane, I heard of the robbery, searched about the neighbourhood, and found two dresses in the Red Cow public-house skittle-ground, adjoining the prosecutor's house.

Prisoner. Q. What part of the ground? A. Lying across the path adjoining Mr. Olding's field.

Prisoner's Defence. Is it not as likely I should find these things, as that the policeman found the gown? I was returning from Clapton, across the brick-field, and found the things in a heap—might not a person commit the robbery, and throw them away? it is a public thoroughfare.




GUILTY.*Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years

