



249. 




JOHN SAMS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of Nov., 1 watch, value 1l. 10s.; 1 watch-chain, 2s.; 2 waistcoats, 10s.; 1 pair of trowsers, 10s.; 1 shirt, 2s.; 1 pair of stockings, 1s. 6d.; 1 handkerchief, 2s.; 1 shawl, 2s.; 1 neckerchief, 4d.; 1 smock-frock, 1s.; and 1 bag, 6d.; the goods of 



Thomas Foster: 1 coat, 1l. 10s.; 1 cork-screw, 1s.; 1 sovereign, and 1 half-sovereign; the property of 



Thomas Mullett, his master; in a boat on a 
navigable canal.






THOMAS MULLETT
. I am captain of a canal boat, called the Providence. The prisoner came to me at Box-moor, about the end of Oct.—he applied to go with the boat to Brentford, and proposed to work for his victuals—he joined the boat, and went with me to Brentford—on the 4th of Nov. I left him in the boat, against Brentford-lock, near the bridge—I came back about nine o'clock in the evening, and found I had lost a new velveteen jacket, a sovereign and a half-sovereign, and a cork-screw—the prisoner was absent—he had not told me that he should not stop.





THOMAS LESTER
. I am a boatman, and was employed by Mr. Mullett. I left the boat on the 4th of Nov., and left the prisoner in charge of it while I went to look after a horse at Brentford—I returned to the boat in about half an hour—the prisoner was gone—I went into the cabin—I found one cupboard with the lock broken off, and the other cupboard was unlocked—I missed two waistcoats of mine, a pair of trowsers, a shirt, my stockings, my silk hankerchief, a half neck-handkerchief, a watch, and other things—I took the horse, and went in pursuit of the prisoner, but could not find him—he had left his own waistcoat in the cabin, which he had on when I left him—it was worth very little—my clothes were gone, and have never been found—when I saw the prisoner again he was in custody of the officer at Berkhamstead—he called me to his bedside and asked if 6l. would make it up—he was then in bed in the constable's house—I said I had nothing at all to do with it.





WILLIAM GRIGGS
. I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner, in Buckinghamshire, on the 28th of Nov.—I did not tell him the charge when I took him—I went to the cell to him the next day, and he asked me where Lester and Mullett were—he did not say any more then, but in the afternoon he said to me that he would give 100l. if he could get out of it—I produce a waistcoat.





WILLIAM MULLETT
. This is the waistcoat the prisoner left in the boat—he had worn it the day that he went off.

Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about it; I shut the cabin-door, and went right away home; I could get more food at home than I could get with him; I worked hard all day, and had but one bit of victuals; I should never have started home if there had been food on board; if you knew all, he has more right to stand here than I have; if I get my liberty I will tell it, I will let him know it; he would not give me my wages for what I had done, and he was not willing for me to leave him.





THOMAS MULLETT

re-examined. I had not offered him any wages—a man came to our boat, and offered him 12s. a week and his washing and mending, if he would go and work for him—I did not prevent his going, but lie would not go.




GUILTY

of stealing only. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years
.
