




448. 




JAMES JOHNSON
 and 




JAMES EGLINGTON
 were indicted for

 stealing 8 gallons of brandy, value 11l.;, the goods of the 

London Dock Company; and that Johnson had been before convicted of felony.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution,





JOHN CLEMENTS
. I am a constable of the London Docks. I thought it necessary to watch at the south railing of the docks with Somes—we have a watchman on the docks who leaves at six o'clock in the morning—on the morning of the 14th of December I and Somes came to the dock and stationed ourselves where we could see the south quay, where there are warehouses and sheds in front of them—the back of the sheds faced us when we were there—the moon was shining—we had only been stationed there a few minutes when we heard a rtoise from the quay shed—I saw the prisoners come from the shed—Johnson worked there as an extra labourer—they went up to two hogsheads of brandy, and I heard them boring them—I and Somes waited a few minutes, and then went softly to the casks, and saw the prisoners—each was crouching down at the bulge of a cask of brandy, each of them holding bladder to a brass cock—there were no brass cocks there before—I rushed forward and tried to seize Eglington—I fell down, and Eglington succeeded in running away to the jigger-room—he went over the roof there—I called to a policeman—I afterwards saw Eglington in custody—I have no doubt that be is the person—Johnson got away—here are six bladders, two cocks, two gimlets, and two sacks, which I found by the casks.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Had you seen the casks of brandy? A. Yes, the previous evening, and after that the private watchman came on duty—I saw the prisoners plainly—they came out of a shed—Eglington came out first—after that a bag was thrown out, and then Johnson came out—I had seen Eglington in the docks for three or four months before—I had a clear view, and have no doubt that Eglington was one of the men.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. This brandy was in possession of the dock company, and the dock was liable to pay the duty on it whether it was stolen or not? A. Yes.





WILLIAM SOMES
. I was watching with Clements—I followed Johnson when he ran away—I lost sight of him about two hundred yards down the south warehouse, which would enable him to escape from the dock—I knew him before, and have no doubt that he is the person—I speak positively to both the prisoners.





EPHRAIM STOCKEN
 ( police-constable H 183.) I head a cry of police, and ran round to the outer part of the dock—I saw Eglington leap from the roof of a house on to a vessel—I followed and took him—he said he had been on board the vessel the whole night.





EDWARD WIGLEY
 (police-constable H 141.) I took Johnson into custody at Ellen's-place at the house of Eglington—he came there and asked the woman there if Eglington was at home—I took him, and charged him with stealing the brandy—he said, "That is all you know about it"—he said he had slept with his mother that night in Suffolk-street, Borough—he was asked if he knew Eglington—he said no.





JOHN PICTOR
. I am the watchman at the south quay of the London Docks—I was on duty there on the morning of the 14th—I left about five

minutes past six, and I saw the two casks of brandy—they had no cocks in them.





SAMUEL JARMAN
. I produce a certificate of Johnson's former conviction from the clerk of the peace at Clerkenwell—(read).





DANIEL WILDER
. I am a constable of the London Docks—Johnson is the person who was convicted at that time.

JOHNSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported Seven Years.


EGLINGTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.—



Confined Six Months.

