




1870. 




ANN STEWART
 and 




WILLIAM SMITH



, stealing 1 knife, value 1s., and 1 shilling; the property of 



William Augustus Hall, from his person.


MESSRS. RYLAND
and
LAURIE
conducted the Prosecution.
MICHAEL HAYDON (City-policeman, 21). On Friday evening, 12th Oct, about half-past seven, I was on duty with Brett in King William-street, in plain clothes, and saw the prisoners—Stewart was about twenty yards in advance of Smith—I knew them both before, but had not known them to associate—I followed them into the Poultry to Cheapside, and back through the Poultry to Gracechurch-street, and through the principal streets for two hours—Smith sometimes spoke to Stewart, but was never more than thirty or forty yards from her, sometimes on one side of the way, and sometimes on the other—Stewart accosted at least twenty gentlemen, all of whom shook her off—whenever she did so, Smith placed himself in a doorway, or some dark spot, watching them—he always stopped when she stopped—about half-past nine she accosted Mr. Hall, in King William-street—they crossed the street, went down Clement's-lane a short distance, and turned up a dark court—Smith followed them almost immediately—they remained there about ten minutes; then Smith came down, turned to the right, and went towards Lombard-street—directly afterwards Stewart and Mr. Hall came down, and went into a public-house opposite the court—they remained there a short time, then went into King William-street, and separated—I went after Mr. Hall, and in consequence of what he said to me I went after Stewart, and saw both prisoners standing together talking in King William-street—I told Stewart I was a constable, and she was charged with stealing a penknife and a shilling from the gentleman she had just left—she said, "I have got no penknife;

the gentleman I have just left it a friend of mine"—I took herto the station, and asked her to produce what property she had—she produced this purse, a shilling, sixpence, and fourpenny worth of coppers—I asked if she bad anything else—she said she had not, in an angry manner—I saw her hand moving in the bosom of her dress—she took it away, and put it up the front of her dress, stooping down—I was taking her to the searcher's room—in going along I heard something drop, and saw this knife on the floor—she said, "That is my knife; it was given to me by the gentleman who has just left me,—Colonel Perrin, a friend of mine; he is gone to Scotland; he will be back in two days, and will punish you for making this charge"—Hall was perfectly sober—Stewart used a slight force to get him into the public-house, but he was not obliged to go in.

Stewart. I said I had a knife, but was not aware it was a pen-knife—did not you knock it out of my hand, when I was stooping down to pin my dress up? Witness. No—in the first instance I asked her if the had a pen-knife, and at the station, a knife.





JAMIS BRETT
 (City-policeman, 13). I was with Hay don, and watched the prisoners for two hours; I had seen them in company before, and therefore looked for Smith, and saw him behind her—Stewart altered her shawl three different times, which made it a different colour and shape—she stopped under a clock in Cheapside, and Smith came up to her—they were in conversation ten minutes—she went with Mr. Hall up Clement's-lane—Smith followed them, and stood at the corner of the court—he came out, passed me, and went towards Lombard-street—directly afterwards Mr. Hall and Stewart came out—Stewart appeared to pull Hall into a public-house—they came out together, and went as far as Nicholas-lane, where she left him—I went after Smith and took him in charge—he said, "I have never seen the woman before; she came up and asked me to give her a glass of ale, but I had no money to treat myself"—I had seen them in company in the same way on Wednesday.

Stewart. Q. Why did I change my shawl? A. To make it appear different, to throw me off my guard.





WILLIAM AUGUSTUS HALL
. On the evening of 12th Oct. I was in King William-street, about half-past nine o'clock—Stewart spoke to me, and I accom panied her up Clement's-lane into a court—I remained with her ten minutes, and saw a man standing at the end of the court—I cannot recognize him—I had a shilling, a knife, and a watch in my pocket—I missed the shilling and the knife, and charged her with taking it—she denied it—we went out of the court into a public-house nearly opposite—she wished me to go in and have a glass of ale with her, which I did. and she paid for it, as I had no money—we came out and went to King William-street—I left her, and Haydon spoke to me—this is my knife—it could not have dropped from my pocket.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. A warehouseman, of 24, Lawrence-lane. I went and drank with her after missing my knife and shilling—I asked her for the knife—she did not attempt to take my watch—I gave her a shilling in the court, and had a shilling left.





JOHN SPITTLE
 (City-policeman, 9). I was with Brett on the Wednesday before this happened—I saw the prisoners in company with a female—the two females went through the City for nearly two hours—Smith was near all the time.

Stewart's Defence. The prosecutor came up, and asked me where I was going; I said, "Home;" he said he should like to go home with me, but he had not money enough; then he said he had a shilling, if I liked to accept of

it, and he had another shilling which would pay for the room; he felt in his pocket, and said he was sorry he had left it and his knife in his coat pocket at home; I saw something bright on the pavement, and picked up a kuife and put it into my pocket; I never saw Smith before that night.

STEWART—


GUILTY
.— Aged 23.—



Confined One Year.


SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 47.—


Transported for Ten Years.

