



1471. 




WALTER JENNINGS
 was indicted

 for stealing 4 saws, value 10s.; 7 planes, 10s.; 2 spoke-shaves, 2s.; 1 shovel, 2s.; the goods of 



Thomas Dyer; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






THOMAS DYER
. I am a carpenter, living at Forest-gate, Westham. On the 30th of May a policeman drew my attention to a shovel and spoke-shave, which arc mine—I was at work on the railroad-station—I went to my

workshop and missed some tools—I know the prisoner—I traced footsteps from the workshop across two gardens, over three fences—I lost a great many other things—all the tools produced have my mark upon them.





MICHAEL CASEY
 (police-constable K 378.) On the 30th of May, between three and four o'clock, I saw the prisoner at Forest-hill gate with another man—the prisoner had a sack with four saws and a jack-plane—the other man had a shovel and spoke-shave—when they got near enough to see me, they ran across the forest—they were a quarter of a mile from the prosecutor—I traced foot-marks over two or three gardens, towards where I found them—I called the prisoner by name several times, but he went on—I followed him above a mile, and saw him throw the sack down—the other man threw the shovel and spoke-shave down; I took them up, and followed with them in my hand—the prisoner had a plane in his hand—he escaped—I did not see him again till yesterday morning at Bow police-station—I cannot be mistaken in him—I have known him since 1844.





SAMUEL BENTON
 (police-constable K 49.) In consequence of information I sent an officer to a house in Saville-place, Mile-end-road—I went the back way myself, and found the prisoner concealed, crouched down in a sawpit, about half-past ten o'clock at night—he said he had got there to sleep—I found a lucifer-box, a knife, and a candlestick on him—he was on the premises of Mr. Parker, a carpenter.

Prisoner. I know nothing of the tools; the carpenter said he would transport me some time or other; the policeman did not pick the things up at all.





MICHAEL CASEY

re-examined. I took the spokeshave and shovel in my hand while I pursued—when I returned a girl pointed out to me the sack, where I had seen it thrown down.





JOSEPH BENTON
 (police-constable K 881.) I produce the certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office——(read—Convicted the 3rd of Feb., 1845, and confined six months)—he is the person—he has been tried three times.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

