



2201. 




CHARLES GOUGE
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 register-ticket, value 1s.; 3 5l. bank notes; the property of 



Robert Horn, from his person.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






ROBERT HORN.
 I am butcher on board the Wellington. On the 3rd of Sept. I received three 5l. notes, my wages, and got my register-ticket—I wrapped the notes up in my discharge, and put it and the register-ticket, No. 29,089, into my waistcoat pocket—I had 3l. in gold as well, and some silver—I changed a sovereign, and spent some of the silver at the Railway Tavern—I bought a watch there for 5l., and a key for 6d., of a pedlar—I saw the prisoner about 100 yards from the West India Dockgate—we fell into conversation after I paid the pedlar—I was going to have a pint of beer—I said I would make a pot of it—the prisoner and two others drank of it—the prisoner said he would walk to Bow with me, where I live—we went across Abbot's-fields, and into Moore's Arms, on Bow-com-mon, and afterwards to a beer-shop, in the lane leading to Bow—I got rather tipsy—I met Mr. Dixon, a milkman, whom I knew—we all three walked on

towards Bow—we left Dixon, and after that I do not know what became of me till I found myself at home in bed at twelve o'clock at night—my waistcoat was torn, and my money and register-ticket gone—they were safe as I crossed Abbot's-fields—I am sure I never entered the Blue Posts—I did not have a game at skittles with any one there—I had one game at bagatelle, at the Railway Tavern, for a pot of beer.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY.
Q. Is there a skittle-ground at the Railway Tavern? A. Not that I am aware of; I know there is at the Blue Posts, as I have taken meat there—it was not the pedlar who sold the watch, it was another man—I gave him a sovereign for the watch and key, he gave me 4s. 6d. change—I sold the watch for 10s., a fortnight ago—I also bought a pair of razors, a comb, and a hat-brush at the public-house—I had 2l. and some silver left when I got home—I had had two pots of half-and-half or porter—I had no gin-and-water—I had about half a quartern of brandy on board the ship, before going to the Railway Tavern—I was not drunk when I left there, but there was something put into the drink—I have never found my register-ticket or discharge—I do not recollect ordering some beer at one of the public-houses as we went along, and having it changed for noyeau.

COURT.
Q. You were not tipsy until you went into the beer-shop in the lane? A. No—I lost my senses suddenly.





WILLIAM DIXON.
 I am a milkman—I have known Horn some time—I met him on this Friday afternoon, about twenty minutes past four, in Devon's-lane, that is much nearer Bow than the Railway Tavern—I should say it is a mile form the Docks—Horn called out hoy, and went into a beershop—I went in and helped to drink some half-and-half, and walked with them into Bow—the prisoner said to me, "There are the little houses when he lives, I will take him home safe to his father and mother, because he has got money about him; they will be glad to see him at home"—I left them going on that way.

Cross-examined. Q. Were they not rather fresh? A. Horn was—the prisoner was not so fresh, as he refused drinking much beer—no rum was called for in my presence—the prisoner said he would not leave him because he had got money about him.

COURT.
Q. Did you drink out of the same pot of half-and-half? A. Yes.





THOMAS GRINES.
 I live at the Bird-in-Hand, Bow-road—the prisoner and Horn came there—Horn was very much in liquor—the prisoner called for a quartern of rum—after that, they went into the tap-room, sat down, and a pot of half-and-half was brought—the prisoner told me Horn had got about 40l. about him, that he was going to see him righted, that his mother lived just below, at the almshouses, and he would see him safe home—he brought the half-and-half back, and had half a quartern of noyeau—he put some water to it from a jug which stood on the counter, and gave it to Horn to drink—he did not take any of it himself—Horn drank it all—they left the house directly—it was near five o'clock—they did not go towards the almshouses, but towards the Fair-field, quite an opposite road—that was the last I saw of them—next morning Horn came to me to make inquiry.

Cross-examined. Q. Is your house before or after you come to Devon's-lane? A. Before—the almshouses are on the same side as my house—you go down a field to them on the same side of the way, but the prisoner and Horn crossed the road—the prisoner drank some of the half-and-half and some of the rum.





EDWARD HOWE.
 I keep the Angel and Crown, Green-street, Bethnalgreen.

About half-past five or six o'clock on this night, the prisoner came to my house and produced these three 5l. Bank of England notes (produced)—he said he had won them at skittles, and had been very lucky—he did not say where—a friend of his, named Durell, was with him—he told him if he had been there he would have won a hundred—Durell recommended him to leave them with me.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not the prisoner talk of going to Holborn? A. Yes—Durell said, "You had better not, you are too tipsy"—he was tipsy—he said, "I am all right; I will go home and shift myself, and go with you."—Durell then said he had better leave the notes with me—they left the house together, returned again at ten o'clock in a cab, and the prisoner was more intoxicated than ever.





MARY HORN.
 I am the mother of the prosecutor. On this Friday night I received information, went to Fairfield-road, and found him lying on the ground—he seemed stupid—I spoke to him three or four times—I asked him how he came lying there—he said, "Lying where?"—I made him understand and took him home—he had on a spotted black satin waistcoat, the one he has on now—the left-hand pocket was loose to the band behind—the lining was torn from the satin, not torn quite out, but entirely from where it was sewn—the tear was quite fresh—it was a new waistcoat the day before—I had seen it in a good state that very day—two sovereigns remained in his trowsers' pocket—he came round about twelve o'clock.





HENRY BARNES
 (policeman, 256.) I took the prisoner on the 10th, the Friday following, at his house—they said he was not at home, but having watched the house from five o'clock I was sure he had not gone out—I knocked at the door, and said I would see where he was—he came from the yard into the room—I said, "I want you for stealing three 5l. Bank notes from Mr. Horn"—he said, "I never stole them; I them at skittles, at the Blue Posts, in the Commercial-road," that is a mile and a half from Devon's-lane—I have some new clothes here which I found he had been purchasing—he told me he changed the notes at Smith's.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you search the place? A. Yes—I found no discharge or register-ticket—he said, "I never robbed him; I won them of him at skittles at the Blue Posts, and he bet me five to one that I could not get them three times under-handed with a small ball."




GUILTY. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

