




2142. 




DANIEL BROWN



, stealing 2 brooches, 3 shawls. I Victorine and other articles, value 1l. 18s. 6d.; the goods of 



Frederick Crayder; having before convicted.






MARY CRAYDIR
 I am the wife of John Frederick Crayder. On 29th March I was at my stall; my little girl fetched me—I saw the prisoner, and took him to some houses, which I had the keys of; he is the landlord's son—I left him in my parlour, to wait till his father came—I went to my stall, and sent my litle girl home—I afterwards went back, and the prisoner went away—next morning I missed these articles stated from a box in my bed-room—it was locked, but was broken across the middle—I have not seen them since; I also missed an image from the parlour shelf—they were my husband's.





MARY CRAYDLR
. I am eight years old, and live with my mother. I was at home by myself—the prisoner came and asked for the key of the empty houses—I gave it him, and went to my mother—he afterwards asked me where my father's best clothes were—I said I did not know—he went to the box, and said there was not room enough in it, he took a bundle of clothes down stairs, and sent me out for a basket—I got one—it would not do, and he sent me out again—he said he should be up the court—he came back again, and gave me 3d. for me and 3d. for my sister, who was there, and went away loaded.





ELIZABETH ANN MALAN
. I am the wife of James Malan, of Cumberland-place, Eethnal-green, and lived nearly opposite Mrs. Crayder's. On 29th March, between two and three o'clock, I saw the prisoner go to her house—I knew him—he had nothing with him—he asked me if I had a basket to lend him, as he had purchased some crockery at Mrs. Crayder's stall—I offered him a currant-sieve, but he said he wanted it dose—I afterwards saw him up at Mrs. Crayder's window—about five o'clock he came out with a cape on, and a bundle under each arm.





THOMAS CARDNO
 (policeman, K 109). I was on duty in Orchard-street, heard a cry of "Stop thief!" saw the prisoner running, and stopped him—his father came up, and told me to take him to Mrs. Crayder's.





JOHN POULTER
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction—(read—Convicted Aug., 1847, and confined three months)—I was present—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

