




534. 




WILLIAM LAMBERT
 and 




JAMES M'CARTHY
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 purse, value 1s. 6d.; 2 half-crowns, 12 shillings, 1 6d., 1 groat, and 1 penny, the goods of 



Louisa Farley, from her person; and that M'Carthy had been before convicted of felony.






LOUISA FARLEY
. I live in Church-street, Trinity-square, Southwark. On the 12th of Jan., about one o'clock, I was going from Bridge-street over Blackfriars-bridge—I had, about ten minutes before, 17s. 11d. in a purse in my pocket—there were half-crowns and shillings amongst it—it was an old purse with a silver clasp—on going over the bridge, I felt something at my side, where my purse and money was—I felt in my pocket, and my purse was gone—while I was feeling, a gentleman told me my purse was gone—I saw M'Carthy running across the road from me—I cried, "Stop thief!"—I saw my purse afterwards at the station—this is it—it contains the money I lost.





ISAAC JAMES FRANKLEY
. I was coming over Blackfriars-bridge, and saw Lambert take hold of the prosecutrix's gown with his left hand, and take a purse very dexterously from her pocket with his right hand, and give it to his companion, M'Carthy—the prosecutrix was at the moment crossing off the pavement—I said to her, "You are robbed"—she felt, and missed her purse—I am sure Lambert was the person who did it.

Lambert Q. Where was I? A. Very near the City end of the bridge—I did not say I believed it was you took the lady's purse—I said nothing at all to you—I did not touch you—I took care to keep you in view—I did not touch you till I ran after M'Carthy first—I thought he was the better game, as he had got the property—I then went and took Lambert.





WILLIAM NASH
. I was with Mr. Frankley—I saw Lambert have something in his hand, and give it to M'Carthy—he turned round, and ran away—the lady said, "I have lost my purse."

Lambert. I never ran away from the lady; I was alongside of you all the time. Witness. You pretended to run in pursuit, and called, "Stop thief," but we kept you in view.

M'Carthy. Q. Did you lose sight of me? A. No—I came up to you, and was by your side when you were taken.





CORNELIUS DONO
, (City police-constable, No 367.) I met M'Carthy on my beat, in custody—I took him and searched him, and found this purse on him.

Lambert. I had been out with my mother round the Strand; I was coming home over Blackfriars-bridge; I stopped to look at a show; my mother went away; I misted her; I was going home after her, I do not know this boy, and I was not near the lady.


M'Carthy. I had been to market with my father, and was coming home; a boy ran by me, and dropped the purse; I took it up.





THOMAS TIERNEY
 (police-constable M 196.) I produce a certificate of M'Carthy's former conviction at this Court by the name of Eugene Keefe—(read Convicted 16th June, 1845, and confined three months)—he is the person—he was tried in the Old Court.

M'Carthy. No, I was tried in this Court. Witness. You were tried in this Court last Oct.

LAMBERT—


GUILTY
.* Aged 17.—



Confined One Year.


M'CARTHY—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.

