




1080. 




JOHN HARRIS, alias
 Bishop

, and 



THOMAS LARBY



, stealing a cow and 3 heifers, price 40l.; the property of 




Henry Lynch; Harris having been before convicted.


MR. PLUMPTREE
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY LYNCH.
 I live at 36, York-street, City-road, and am a cowkeeper. I had a cow and three heifers, which I last saw two or three days previously to their being stolen—Harris was in my service three or four months ago, by the name of George Bishop—I entrusted some milking cows to his care—they were in a field—he left my service a fortnight or three weeks before Christmas—on missing the cows, I made inquiry at Smithfield on the

following Friday—I saw no more of Bishop till he came to Mr. Shanks, the banker's, in Smithfield, in company with Mr. Benson—I then gave him in charge—he said nothing—I have since seen the cow and heifers—they are mine, and have my brand on them.





EDWARD ALLEN.
 I am cow-keeper to Mr. Lynch. I last saw the cow and heifers on Tuesday, about four o'clock, in the field, in Green-lane, Lower-road.





JAMES BENSON.
 I am a cattle salesman, and live at South Weale, Essex, On 23rd Feb., the prisoner Harris came to me at Romford-market, and said he had got some cattle to sell—he should send them on the Wednesday following—he should be obliged to go into Wales himself, but the person who would come with them might take the account back—on the following Wednesday, Larby brought the three heifers and the cow to my residence—he said he had brought the beasts that Mr. Harris spoke to me about last week, and I believe he said his master had gone into Wales, and his mistress said I was to do the best I could with them, and he would take the account back—I asked his where the cattle came from—he said, "From Chingford"— —they appeared to have been driven fast, not as a lawful owner would treat his cattle—I told Larby that he must go to Mr. Harris, and he had better call on me on Friday, and I would settle with him—I gave him the account of what they were sold for—on the Friday I was at Smithfield—the account Larby came there and produced a note—I made some excuse, and said I did not know the writing, I was going to Islington, and would call on Mr. Harris, if he would give me his direction—he said he was a cow-keeper, was about joining, I think he said, the Alderney dairy, along with some other persons—he gave me Harris's address—as I was going along Harris came up to me, and called me by name, and said, "I suppose my man did not satisfy you," or something' to that effect, "when he brought the note; you did not like to pay him"—I said, "No, as I was going to Islington, I thought I would call on you"—he said, "I will save you the trouble, and will take the money of you"—I went with him to the banker's, where I saw Mr. Lynch, and he was taken into custody.

Harris. Q. How was it you did not know me again? A. I did not see you till you came up to me—I knew you after you spoke to me—I asked you your name, and you said "Harris," and you had come to take the account—I do not believe you said you had come to take the account for "Jobs Harris," you said you came as "John Harris," to take the account—you did not say that Harris had sent you for the account.

COURT. Q. You say he always spoke and acted as if he was Harris, and not as if he had been sent by Harris? A. Decidedly so; all the way though.





WILLIAM LIVERMORE.
 I live in Mile-end-road, and keep a coffee-stall. On the morning of 1st March, between six and seven o'clock, I saw four head of cattle coming down to market, and the prisoners with them—they came to my stall, and had a cup of coffee and a slice of bread and butter, and paid me for it—the cattle went on, and they might have got twenty yards before they overtook them—I cannot swear whether they were heifers.





MARGARET SUTHERLAND.
 I am the wife of James Sutherland, of White Lion-street, Islington. Larby lodged with me three or four months—I knew Harris as Frederick Marchant—I did not know him till the day week that he was taken up—on 1st March, he came between three and four o'clock, and knocked at the shutters, and asked Larby if he minded to take a job—he did not make him any answer—whether he heard or not I cannot say—Harris said,

"Oh, never mind, if you do not like to come, I will get the man to come, where I got my shirt on Sunday"—Larby then said "I will come, and glad of it, and thank you"—Larby got up—they both went out together—Harris came back between eight and nine, and remained in the house the most part of the day—he said he was very ill, that he was sent to Romford with some cattle, and he had sent his mate—Larby came back at night, said he had been to Romford, and had earned four or five shillings, and he would be able to give me on or two next day—on the Friday, when he came home, I said, "You are a pretty boy; you did not give me the few halfpence you promised me"—he said, "Mother, I did not get it, for I think there is some mull in it"—he was afraid there was something in it—I saw Harris writing a few lines on the Friday morning, bay I do not know what it was—there was not one there but him and me—Larby came in afterwards.

Harris. Q. when did you know Larby had been with the cattle? A. On the Wednesday morning, he told me so—I did not ask you where you had been, and you did not say, "Into Thames-street, and the Kent-road"—you went out between three and four in the morning—I heard you come back before Larby.





WILLIAM BURGESS
 (City policeman, 28.) I received Harris into custody—I told him the charge—he said nothing—from what was told me afterwards I took Larby—I made him no promise or threat—he said, "I am afraid this will turn out to be a bad job about these cattle"—I asked, "What cattle?"—(I had told him I took him about stealing cattle)—he said, "The cattle that Mr. Benson sold at Romford"—I said, "You seem to know all about it"—he said, "Yes, I do; I know you very well, you are a policeman;" (I was in plain clothes) "I am the party that went and brought the cattle out of the park" (the green lanes are called the park; I have heard other people call it so) "we went along together to Mile End-gate, and had a cup of coffee together"—he said he went down to Romford, and gave up the cattle to Mr. Benson for sale.





JAMES BRENNAN
 (policeman, N 9.) I have three heifers and a cow here which I brought from a field in Dagenham—I produce some hair from the tails of each of them--they are the four Mr. Benson saw—I brought them to the Police-court, and showed them to the prosecutor.





JAMES BENSON

re-examined. They are the four that Larby brought me.





MARGARET SUTHERLAND

re-examined. Larby was in the regular employ of a broker, and had a chance of getting his livelihood in an honest way—I do not know Harris—as far as I can judge they were strangers to each other—Harris said he worked at a dairy the week he was with me—I believed that—Larby could have heard it.

Harris's Defence. On the evening of 29th Feb. Larby and I went out, and at the end of White Lion-street met John Harris; I had seen him before; he asked if I would take four cows to Romford; I said I would, if I was not otherwise engaged; I had to go with some grains, and asked Largy to go with the cows instead; I went with Larby to the field where they were; I was not aware it was Mr. Lynch's field; I left Larby at the Whitechapelgate, and then went into Thames-street; I did not see Larby any more till he returned with the note; I took it to Harris, who said he lived at 8, Tothill-street, Lower-road, Islington; on 3rd March, I met Harris again; he asked if I would take a note to Mr. Benson; I did so, and was taken into custody.

Larby's Defence. I was at the White Lion on 29th Feb., and heard John Harris speak to this man, but I did not know what it was about; this

man asked me to go with the beasts; we got them from the field; he left me at the gate, and I went on with them to Mr. Benson's; I came back and gave him the bill to give to Harris.





JOHN STAINES
 (City policeman, 637.) I produce a certificate of Harris former conviction—(read—Convicted April, 1847, and confined four months)—he is the person.
(Larby received a good character.)

HARRIS—


GUILTY. Aged 30.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.


LARBY—


NOT GUILTY.

