



665. 




WILLIAM WEBB
 was indicted

for a robbery on 



Cornelius Jessop, on the 
27th of Jan., putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will 195., his monies; and immediately before, at the time of, and after the said robbery, beating, striking, and using other personal violence towards him.






CORNELIUS JESSOP
. I live at Watts'-cottage, Flask-walk, Hampstead, and am a journeyman saddler. On the 27th of Jan. I was at a pablic-house in Wilstead-street, Somers-town, and was tipsy—Nelson went out into the street with me about half-past eleven o'clock, and made a barpii with the prisoner to take me home in a cab to Flask-walk—he drove partly down the street, and took another man up on the box—I remember being driven to the George, at Hampstead, and there be opened the cab-door, took me by the arm, and told me I was at home—I said I was not—he put his hand into my coat-pocket, and took 19s. out—I then received a blow on the back of my head, which felled me to the ground—a policeman picked me up, and I told him I was robbed—I had my money in the cap all the way, and remember his taking it out.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You were very tipsy? A. I was tipsy, but knew perfectly what I was about—I merely gave Nelson the money to get me a cab—if I had been stupidly drunk I should not have done that—I walked with the policeman's assistance after I had been knocked down—I know the prisoner is the caiman—I went and identified him afterwards at the same public-house about a fortnight after the robbery—I had been laid up.





THOMAS NELSON
. I live in Chapel-street, Somers-town. I was at the Somers Arms, Wilstead-street, with the prosecutor—I saw be bad I deal of silver about him, and persuaded him to take a cab—I saw him just before—he walked very steadily with me from Wilstead-street to the Somers Arms—I asked a caiman what he would take him to Flask-walk for—he said 2s. 8d.—the prisoner stepped up, and offered to take him for 2s.—I saw him into the cab—he walked to it by himself—I gave prisoner the 2s. which the prosecutor, who was considerably tipsy, gave for him—the prisoner drove off with him down Wilstead-street, as if Hampstead—the prosecutor appeared to have 19s. or 20s. about him.

Cross-examined. Q. He is a friend of yours? A. No—I had seen him once or twice—I saw him in a beer-shop, and he followed me to the Somers Arms—I first saw him about ten o'clock in the evening, at Fox's beer-shop, at the corner of Middlesex-street—I was there about half an hour, and

Mrs. Fox persuaded him to leave his money with her—he only had a pint of ale there—he walked from there without my holding his arm—he took his money out, and put it into his side pocket, to take care of it—we went from there to the African Chief, had half a quartern of gin between us, and then went to the Soiuers Arms to find a cab—me had a trifle of drink at the bar—there were other people drinking there—I saw his money about half-past ten o'clock—he went away in the cab just before eleven.





AUSTIN PYDY
 (police-constable S 77.) On Tuesday morning, the 28th of Jan., I saw the prosecutor lying across the footpath, near die George, at Haverstock-hill, Hampstead—he appeared drunk—I could not arouse him at first—he was bleeding—he had a wound on the right cheek-bone, tod another on the left—he said he had been robbed—after I got him a little way to the station, he put bis hand into his pocket, and said he had been robbed—he was taken to the station, and then home—I found him about half a mile from his house.

Cross-examined. Q. Was he close to the George? A. Yes—he appeared very drunk—the blood came from his right cheek, which might be caused by his falling—it was a very heavy blow, and his eye had dirt oa it, as if it had come in contact with the ground.





EDWARD SHAYLER
 (police-constable S 114.) On the 9th of Feb. the prisoner was given into my charge by Jessop, at the Somen Arms—he said to the prisoner, "You have robbed me, and I will charge you"—he did not say where then—the prisoner said, "I took him up here, and drove him to his house, at Hampstead"—the Somen Arms is at least two miles and a half from the George.
(Robert Amos, of Doughty-mews; Robert Davy, cab-driver, Brownlowmews mews; James Bathgate, cap-proprietor, Gray's Inn-lane; and Charles Lang, gun-maker, George-street, Hampstead, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
of Robbery, without Violence.
 Aged 31.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
