



2535. 




JOHN SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 



Henry Hegart Breen, from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.







HENRY HEGART BREEN
. I live in Gower-street, Bedford-square. About half-past four o'clock on the 3rd of Oct., I was passing Drury-lane—Clapham said something to me, and produced my handkerchief to me—I missed it from my pocket—I had seen it safe about half an hour before—this is my handkerchief—there is no mark on it—it is of the same pattern.





PETER FAIRBAIRN CLAPHAM
. On the 3rd of Oct. I was standing at a public-house door with a friend, in Drury-lane—I saw the prisoner in the act of taking the handkerchief from the prosecutor's pocket—I came across the road, and pursued him—I thought he was with the prosecutor, because he walked about three yards by the side of him, in taking it out—the prisoner threw the handkerchief down—I fallowed him to the Broadway, and the officer came up with the handkerchief in his hand.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was your attention drawn to the prisoner? A. It was, by some females inside the public-house—I am a warehouseman to Mr. Jones, of Finsbury-terrace, and live in Smith's-buildings—there were very few people about at this time—the handkerchief was thrown down in the middle of the causeway in Drury-lane.





GEORGE RUSSEN
 (police-constable F 9.) At half-past four o'clock on the 3rd of Oct. I was in Hoi born—I saw the prisoner running away, and saw the handkerchief lying on the ground—I took it up, and ran after the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. Upon your oath did you pick up the handkerchief? A. I did—it was picked up, and attempted to be given to me, but it fell on the ground before I could get it, and I took it up.





THOMAS HINDS
 (police-constable E 83.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.


First Jury, before Mr. Baron Rolfe.

