




2036. 




THOMAS MILES
 and 




JOHN BENNETT
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Lane, about one o'clock in the night of the 
11th of July, at 
St. James's, Westminster, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 7 rings, value 20l.; 2 neck-chains, value 20l.; 2 pairs of bracelets, value 10l.; 6 lockets, value 10l.; 2 seals, value 3l.; 1 watch-key, value 1l.; 1 brooch, value 2l.; 1 coat, value 3l.; 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; 16 pairs of stocking, value 3l.; 2 collars,
value 1l.; 2 sleeves, value 15s.; 7 pairs of boots, value 4l.; 1 pair of shoes, value 7s.; 6 printed books, value 1l.; 1 drawing, value 2s.; 12 tooth-brushes, value 6s.; 1 jacket, value 15s.; 2 bags, value 1s.; 3 half-sovereigns, and 6 5l. notes, the property of 




Henry Blisset, clerk.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the dwelling-house of Henry Blisset, clerk.



MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






REV. HENRY BLISSET
. I was staying in London in July last, and occupied as a sleeping-room the front parlour at Mr. Lane's, in St. Albans-place. On Saturday, the 11th of July, I had been to the Opera, and returned about twelve o'clock at night—I found my room in order, just as I had left it when I dressed to go to the Opera—I went to my club to get tea, leaving every thing safe—I did not lock the room-door—I shut it, and at the time I went out a Captain Cape came in, but the outer door was shut—I heard it shut to after me—I returned from my club about two o'clock, and found two policemen, the two porters of the house, the maid-servant, and Mr. Lane, in possession of the room, and property worth at least 150l. was gone—there were articles of apparel, Bank-notes, gold coin, half-sovereigns, gloves, boots, and other property—a reward of 30l. was offered—on the 24th of July I accompanied the officer, when Miles was apprehended, to the crossing of the street, near Leicester-square—a pair of straw-coloured kid gloves were taken from him at the station-house—they were exactly the description of gloves which I threw on the table when I left the room—I could not exactly swear to them—Miles was asked where he got them—he said he had them given to him—I was shown a pair of boots and shoes before that—I was present when Bennett was taken into custody—I saw a shirt, a hat, a pair of stockings, and a duplicate taken from him—Miles was taken before the Magistrate on Saturday morning, having been apprehended on Friday night—he was remanded till the next Saturday—Bennett was taken before the Magistrate on the Monday—Inspector Covington asked the Magistrate to remand him (having found property of mine on him) till the Saturday to which Miles had been remanded—I heard the Magistrate, after a statement Bennett made, say he would not take that down—he said he should keep that till he was brought up for another examination.

MR. FITZPATRICK. I am clerk to the Magistrate. The prisoner was charged on the oath of the inspector, on suspicion of being concerned with Miles in stealing a shirt and other articles, value 100l., the property of the prosecutor—nothing more was taken down—he was remanded till the Saturday following.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Is that all you heard? A. I heard Bennett make a statement, but the Magistrate said, "Don't take that down "—I do not know what it was.

REV. MR. BLISSET
re-examined. The Magistrate asked him what he had to say to this—Bennett then said, "I confess I was in the robbery, I am guilty of the robbery, but I have been led into it by others, and it is my first offence."

Cross-examine. Q. Tell us the precise words? A. That is as near as I can recollect—I am certain he confessed he was in the robbery—I am certain that was the substance of it—this is not the first time I have stated it—I have mentioned it frequently in conversation—it is the first time I have stated it in public.

MR. BODKIN. Q. You were never examined in any public place, I

suppose? A. Except before the Magistrate—when they were brought up at the second examination it was not before the same Magistrate that heard that observation.





THOMAS VIVIAN
 (police-constable C 58.) About twenty minutes before two o'clock on Sunday morning, the 12th of July, I was on duty in St. Albans-place—I tried the door of No. 8, and found it give way in my hand—I went in, and alarmed the family—I found the room on the ground floor had been entered and robbed.





LOUSIA TURNPENNY
. I live at No. 3, St. Albans-place. I take care of it for Mr. Lane, who does not live in it himself, but lets it out—I sleep there—I remember Mr. Blissett going out, after returning from the Opera on Saturday—to the best of my knowledge all the gentlemen were in besides him—I went to bed after that—Mr. Blissett had a key to let himself in—I was soon after awoke by the police-constable' knocking at the kitchen door—I went into the front parlour, and found somebody had robbed the room—I let a gentleman in after Mr. Blissett went out, and I shut the door after him—it was Mr. Mayo—I am certain the latch caught—I think I have seen Miles passing the house, but nothing more.

Cross-examined. Q. How long after Mr. Blissett went to the Carlton-club, did Mr. Mayo come in? A. He came in about a quarter to one o'clock.

Miles. Q. On what day did you see me pass the house? A. I cannot say—it was before the robbery—I cannot say how long before.





JOSEPH STREATHER
. I am a shoemaker, and live in Broad-street, Bloomsbury—I know Miles. On Friday, the 17th of July, he came to my house about nine o'clock in the evening, and brought a pair of cloth boots, and a pair of high-lows, which I produce—he asked 8s. for them—I gave him 6s. 6d.—he said he had two pairs more, would I buy them—I said, "Let me see them "—on the following morning I was going to take some work home, and saw a bill describing the robbery—I returned home and found the name of Mason on the boots, and immediately made a communication to the police—when I came home I found the other two pairs had been brought—I gave the policeman a description of Miles, and gave him the boots.





WILLIAM LAKE
. I am servant to Mr. Streather. On Saturday, the 18th of July, Miles came to my master's shop between eleven and twelve o'clock in the day—he brought a pair of boots, and a pair of shoes, which I produce—he wanted 10s. for them—I gave him 7s. 6d.—he said he could not take 7s. 6d., for them, they were not his own property, but belonged to a valet in place, and he was a valet out of place—I said if the valet did not approve of the sum, I would return the goods—he said the valet was in place, and could not come himself.





ANDREW VALLANCE
. I am a police-sergeant. In consequence of a communication made to me by Mr. Streather, I searched for the prisoner Miles—he had described his person—I found him on the evening of the 24th, between twelve and one o'clock at night, in Leicester-square—he was in company with another man at the corner of Bear-street, before he passed me—(that man is called "Flash Tom, the groom")—Inspector Covington, who was with me, asked him if he knew of any boots being taken to Broad-street—he said, "No"—I told him afterwards that I wanted him for that robbery in St. Albans-place, and he must go with me—I took him to Broad-street, to Mr. Streather's—I knocked Mr. Streather

up—he saw Miles and immediately identified him—these boots and shoes were taken to the station-house—as Miles was going to the station-house I heard something drop—Mr. Lane was behind—I asked him to pick it up, and found it was this bag, containing ten skeleton-keys and one latch-key—I searched his person, and found this pair of gloves—I asked him where he got the boots and shoes—he said he was sent to sell them by another person—I asked him who it was—he said he did not know him—the Inspector asked him where he himself lived—he gave no address at all—I found out that he lived in James-street, Oxford-street—I went there, and saw his wife there—I had seen her with him, and knew her before—I there found three latch-keys, and a duplicate—while I was at the lodging, Flash Tom came in—I was not present before the Magistrate, when Bennett was brought there—in consequence of information I went to the lodging of a man, named Ashley, in Whitcomb-street, and found two ladies, sleeves there, and a quantity of small keys belonging to a dressing-case, which the prosecutor has identified—I also found part of a writing-case there—it is part of the brass catch, with a small piece of the leather, and a small bone box.

Miles. Q. Did I tell you, or not, that I was the party; or tell you who was the party? A. Yes, you told me the following morning.

MR. BODKIN. Q. What did Miles say to you next morning? A. He told me that Bennett and Ashley were the parties who committed the robbery, and they gave him the property to sell.





JAMES LANE
. I am owner of this house, and several others, which I let out to gentlemen. On the 24th of July I was in conversation with Vallance when Miles was being taken to the Station-house in Leicester-square—in going to the station-house he dropped this bag—I took it up, and gave it to the officer—it contained the keys—I think I have seen Bennett—whether he has been with a gentleman at my house, I do not know, but I am certain I have seen him about my premises at some time.

Cross-examined. Q. You have seen a great many people at times? A. A great many—I should say that Ashley, who is not in custody, has been servant to a gentleman at my house.





JAMES COVINGTON
. I am a police inspector. I took Bennett into custody on the 25th of July, about nine o'clock in the evening, at the Duke's Head public-house, Charlotte-street, Portland-place—Flash Tom the groom was in his company at the time—they were at supper—I took him to the station-house, searched him, and found on him this shirt, this hat, a pair of stockings, and a duplicate for a waistcoat.

Cross-examined. Q. How were they in company? A. Sitting by the side of him.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Were they sitting in company together? A. Yes, and the other followed down to the cell, and spoke to the prisoner as knowing him.





WILLIAM GOFTON
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Gilbert-street, Grosvenor-square. I produce a waistcoat pawned at my shop on the 22nd of July, in the name of John Bennett, for 1s. 6d.—I do not know who by, but the duplicate produced is what I gave for it.





WILLIAM WOOLGAR
. I am a bricklayer, and keep the house No. 52, Whitcomb-street—Ashley lived in the back garret—I remember the policemen coming to search—they searched the room Ashley had occupied—on Sunday morning, the 11th of July last, Ashley came home about two or three o'clock in the morning, and gave me a half-sovereign—I cannot

tell what he owed me, but I gave him 1s. out of it, as he said he wanted 1s.—he gave it me in part payment of what he owed—the door of that room was usually unlocked, but afterwards it was kept locked—I do not know either of the prisoners—I am out in the day-time at my business.





SOPHIA GRADY
. I live with my mother on the first floor of No. 52, Whitcomb-street—Ashley lodged in the garret. I remember the officers coming to search—I had before that seen Miles at the house—he came and knocked at the door one day—it was about a week before the officers came—he asked for the name of William Ashley—I let him in—he went straight up to Ashley's room—there was a young man with him who I should not know—Miles had a dark coat and trowsers on—I did not notice the dress of the other—I saw the men come down again in about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, and the man who is not here carried a bundle—Miles went down with him—they both went out together—they went up to the room as if they knew it.





JOHN GRAY
 (police-constable C 14.) I remember the day Miles was apprehended on this charge—I saw him that day before he was taken into custody, or the day before, I do not know which, standing about twenty yards from where I live, which is about 200 yards from Mr. Woolgar's house—he was in company with Bill Ashley—they stood some minutes together near the public-house door—I knew them both before.

REV. MR. BLISSETT
re-examined. I have seen every thing produced before, except these keys and things found at Ashley's, which were not before the Magistrate—these boots are mine—I am positive of them—I left a new pair of gloves like these on the table, and missed them when I returned—this waistcoat was among the property stolen—this shirt is mine—the hat I cannot speak positively to, but I believe it to be mine—these lace sleeves I am positive were in my carpet bag—there was a maroon covered leather writing-desk, mounted with brass taken—the leather produced is exactly the same colour, and the mounting is the same—this ivory box for pencil-points was in the writing-desk—I am positive I left the writing-desk locked—this bunch of small keys were in my carpet bag—I rather think these three were on the table.

Cross-examined. Q. You are most positive to the shirt and waistcoat? A. Yes, and the boots, and these keys—the bulk of the property has not been found.

Miles's Defence. I knew nothing of the robbery until nearly a week after it was committed.
(James Serman, a traveller, of Queen-street, Edgeware-road, the prisoner Miles's cousin, gave him a good character.)

MILES—


GUILTY
. Aged 38.—


Transported for Life.

BENNETT—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
