



1236. 



LOUISA BAPTISTE
 was indicted

for feloniously and falsely making and counterfeiting a half-crown.


MESSRS. ELLIS
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM PENNY
. I am inspector of the G division of police. On Wednesday, the 6th of May, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, in company with other officers, I went to a house in New-court, Duck-lane, Westminster—I went up stairs to the front room second floor, and found the door fastened inside and out—I was provided with hammers and implements to break open doors—these two large logs of wood were placed against the door inside, and it was fastened outside by two bolts, one at top, and one at the bottom, and two planks, about two and a half inches thick, which reached from top to bottom, were nailed outside the door, to give it the appearance of an uninhabited place—we broke it down in an instant with our implements, and saw the prisoner there alone—I had four officers with me—as soon as I entered the room I saw the prisoner standing by a large clear fire—in her right hand she had a large plaster of Paris mould, in her left this large iron spoon, containing white metal in a fluid state—she put the spoon on the hearth, and at the same time lai'd hold of a counterfeit half-crown, with a get attached to it, off the mantel-piece, and put it into the iron spoon, which was quite hot, and the metal was in a fluid state—she at the same time dashed the mould on the floor, and commenced stamping upon it with her feet—Brannan then secured her—I produce three Britannia metal spoons which I found upon the mantel-piece, one partly melted, a file, the teeth of which were foil of metal, that was on the mantel-piece, also a piece of white metal—I also produce a piece of a mould which I found on the hearth quite hot—it was part of the one which she threw down and destroyed—she abused us very much, and said, "You b—s you thought you had me to rights, but you b—i you have not; if you had been here half an hour sooner you would; you ought to have been searched before you came here."

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was that all she said? A. Yes, at that time—she said more at the police-court—she said, "You ought to have been searched before coming into the room, for you bring a parcel of things into the room, drop them here, and say I have done it"—I did not mention that before because I was not asked—I should have recollected it in an instant.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-sergeant G 20). On the 6th of May I accompanied the officers to a house in New-court, Duck-lane, Westminster, to the second floor front room—the door was securely fastened—it was broken open by sledge hammers by Penny and another constable—I saw the prisoner with a large piece of plaster of Paris, which I believe to be a mould, in her right hand, standing close to a clear fire—she had a ladle in her other hand—I saw her stoop down and place it upon the hearth—she dashed the mould down, and stamped upon it with her feet—I instantly seized her and secured her, and gave her to Tate, and commenced picking up the pieces of plaster of Paris, which were very warm, under her feet, where she had stamped—I did not see her put anything into the spoon myself—I found a Britannia metal spoon upon the hearth, very hot—the top of it is melted off—I fonnd upon the table several pieces of copper wire, with some silver-leaf attached—die

wire was damp with some wet fluid—it was close to some galvanic batteries, which had fluid in them at the time—I picked a bottle off the floor which was broken, and some liquid from it was spilled upon the floor—I found a quantity of plaster of Paris in powder, in a bag in a cupboard—there was a handkerchief round the bag.

Cross-examined. Q. How high is the room window? A. The window-sill is fourteen or sixteen feet from the ground outside.

COURT. Q. How do you suppose people got into the room? A. They must have knocked and been admitted—the boards outside might remain as they were, they might take down the planks from inside, and admit them.





EDMUND WHITE
. I accompanied the officers to this house—I produce one galvanic battery and a pot with silver sand in it, they were on a table; two brushes, which were quite wet with plaster of Paris; a basin, in which plaster of Paris appears to have been mixed with water; and some pieces of a mould, which 1 found quite warm on the hearth.

Cross-examined. Q. Who did you receive instructions from to go there? A. From Penny.





HENET TATE
 (police-constable G 2). On the 6th of May I went with the other officers, assisted in forcing the door open, and saw the prisoner standing alongside the fire-place—Bran nan took her in charge—I found some galvanic batteries on a table, which I took possession of—I had seen her stooping towards the fire—I found this jar and a quantity of solution in it, which I have now put into a bottle—I found a small file, a quantity of plaster of Paris in a saucer in powder, and a pair of nippers.

Cross-examined. Q. You say Brannan had her in custody; did he not push her towards you, and you take her into a corner? A. Yes—about a minute after he entered the room—the half-crown burnt me—I did not hare it in my hand, but Penny put it alongside my hand and it burnt me—it touched my hand.





WILLIAM MILL AN
 (police-constable B 95). Soon after the door was opened I saw the prisoner with a spoon in her hand—I saw her take it off the fire—I had before that seen her put half-a-crown into it.

COURT. Q. Then you saw the spoon first on the fire? A. Yes—she had pat the half-crown into it which she took off the shelf—she then took the spoon off the fire and put it on the hearth—Inspector Penny took it up, and took the half-crown out, all in a fluid state—one end of it was melted—the metal in the spoon was in a fluid state—I produce a piece of a counterfeit shilling, which I found on the hearth—there was a piece of carpet near the fire all over melted metal—the prisoner was taken to the station—I went there afterwards—next morning she called me, and said she bad swallowed a good half-crown while we were breaking the door open and that she was very ill—she appeared very ill, and was sent to the hospital.

Cross-examined. Q. What did she say when you entered the room? A. If we had been half an hour sooner, we should have got her to rights, she was not to rights yet—before she took the iron spoon off the fire she put the half-crown into it—I saw her take it off the shelf just before I could get into the room, and put it into the spoon, which was in her left hand, at the same time—that was the first thing I saw—I have not said, within the last few minutes, that she put it into the spoon before she took it off the fire—she put it in while she had it in her hand—it was all done in a minute—it was all close to the fire-place—it was such a momentary thing—it was not down on the hearth when she put it in.





DANIEL FORBES
. I am inspector of the B division of police. On the afternoon of the 6th of May the prisoner was brought to the police station in Vincent-square—I took the charge—about an hour after she was locked up

she complained of great pain in her throat, and said that in the confusion, when the officers entered, she had swallowed a good half-crown—I saw a protuberance at the bottom of her throat, and sent for a surgeon, who recommended her to be removed—she was taken to the hospital, and was brought back about nine o'clock, and was then locked up.

Cross-examined. Q. This was in the afternoon of the day it happened? A. Yes—she came back the same night, and did not complain afterwards.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of counterfeit coin to the Mint—this is a counterfeit half-crown, cast in a mould—it is white Britannia metal—it hat been partly fused, but there is all the impression of a half-crown on it—it ii of the reign of Geo. III., 1819—putting it into hot liquid metal after leaving the mould would give it this appearance—it is the same metal as the spooni—(examining the articles produced)—this is a piece of metal called a "get," which is attached to the coin, and subsequently separated—here is a piece of similar metal, which appears to have been in a state of fusion—here is similar sort of metal adhering to this piece of carpet—these are three white Britannia metal spoons, and an iron spoon, containing similar metal, which has been fused—a file, the teeth of which are full of similar metal, and it is used to remove the surplus metal off the coin after casting—here is another file, a galvanic battery, and another in a jar—they are used to electroplate coin or anything—they are Smee's batteries—this bottle produced by White contains a solution of salt of silver—another bottle with a weak dilution of sulphuric acid, used to excite the battery—these copper wires are to conduct the battery to the articles to be plated—here is another quantity of the same solution—toil plaster of Paris is what moulds are usually made of—there is no impression remaining on the pieces of the mould—they are made of plaster of Paris—the whole apparatus is what are used to make counterfeit coin, and a good half-crown is used to make an impression on the mould—here is a portion of a counterfeit shilling nearly fused—silver sand is used to polish the metal before tke galvanic operation.

Cross-examined. Q. Galvanic batteries are used for other purpose!? A. Yes—I did not send the officers to this place.




GUILTY
. 


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Justice Patteson.

