




1590. 




WILLIAM LICKFOLD
 and 




HENRY SIMS
 were indicted for

stealing 2 boots, value 6s.; the goods of 



Charles James; and that they had both been before convicted of felony.






STAPLE JAMES.
 I am shopman to my father, Charles James, a boot-maker, of No. 52, Whitechapel-road—on the 18th of June, about half-past nine o'clock, I was cutting out at the counter—I saw Sims walk away with this boot under his arm—I went out and caught him—two constables came up at the same time and took it from him—these are two odd boots—the fellows of both are at home—they are both my father's—I only found one on Sims—Lickfold was not near when I saw Sims—I did not see anybody besides him






GEORGE FURBY.
 I was standing ay my father's door and saw the prisoners standing at Mr. James's door about two minutes before they took the boots—I saw Sims take them—he then went away—Lickfold was standing before him, trying to hide him—Sims saw me looking at him, and ran into the road, as if he wanted to cross the road—I laid hold of him—Lickfold walked on, two officers came up, I painted Lickfold out, and they took him—Sims had one boot under his arm, and I saw him drop one in the road—I am sure Lickfold was with him, covering him

Lickfold. Q. Did you see me with this boy? A. I saw you both together, closer than you are now, at Mr. James's door—I am quite sure you were with Sims, both before he took the boots and afterwards.

Lickfold's Defence. I went out haymaking, but could not get anything to do; I was coming along the road, I was stopped, and the witness said I along with Sims.

Simm's Defence. Furby took the boots and gave them to me.





GEORGE FURBY

re-examined. I am not a friend of Sims—I had never seen him before—he said at the office that I gave him the boots—I did not.





GEORGE PALMER
 (police-constable K 208.) I produce a certificate of Lickfold's former conviction—(read—Convicted March, 1847, having been before convicted of felony, and confined three months, and whipped)—I was present at the trail—Lickfold is the person so convicted—he was sent to Parkhurst.





GEORGE JOSEPH BROWN
 (police-constable K 164.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Sims' former conviction—(read—Convicted 18th of Nov., 1846, and confined six months, six weeks solitary)—he is the person—he was tried by name of James Bennett.

LICKFOLD—


GUILTY. Aged 17.

SIMS—


GUILTY. Aged 14.





Transported for Seven Years.

