



561. 




CHARLES FLAXMAN
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Vickers, on the 
15th of Jan., at 

St. John the Evangelist, Westminster, and stealing therein 1 punch-ladle, value 30s.; 2 snuff-boxes, 16s.; 7 spoons, 1l.; pencil-case, 4s.; 1 pair of earrings, 5s.; 3 rings, 15s.; 1 set of buttons, 14s.; 2 seals, 6s.; 2 keys, 3s.; a part of a seal, 1s.; 5 watches, 2l. 15s.; and 2 buckles, 3l. 10s.; his goods.







JOHN JAMES DURRANT
. I am in the employment of John Colthard, a pawnbroker of the London-road. On Saturday, the 16th of Jan., about five o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came into my master's shop—I am certain it was him—he offered to pledge this watch and appendages—I suspected it did not belong to him—he said his name was Charles Jones, of No. 8, Webber-street, and he was sent by his father to pawn it—I offered to go there with him—he did not object—we wemt out—when we got to the Victoria theatre, he made a remark about the theatre, and I immediately missed him; and on looking round, saw him running up Oakley-street—I followed him down two or three streets into the Waterloo-road again, and saw him stopped—when I got up this box was given to me, in his presence, by a man who had bold of him—the man said, "He gave me this snuff-box to let him go"—the prisoner said, "I did not give it you to let me go, I merely had it in my hand—I took him back to the shop—he then said he had been sent by a man, who was waiting opposite the theater, to pawn the watch, and after he had pawned that he was pawn the box, and say he brought it from his father, and he was to have 1s. for his trouble—he said he saw the man run away as saw left the shop together.





JOHN VICKERS
. I am a cow-keeper, and live in the Horse Ferry-road, Westminster—it is my own house, I live in it—it is in the parish of St. John the Evangelist, Westminster. On Friday, the 15th of Jan., about half-past six in the evening, I was in my cow-yard, and observed the casement window open—I had seen it shut close down before—I went into the room, and missed five watches, a silver punch-ladle, and a small wooden snuff-box, which has been produced—I am certain they were in the room two evening before—I kept them in a box—I had seen the window shut about half-past five o'clock, and found it open at ten minutes after six—the door was locked, and so it was when I entered the room—the window opens into the Horse ferry-road, and is about four and a half feet from the ground—it was not fastened—this watch is my property.





MATTHEW MANCHESTER
. I know Mr. Watson's, the Ship, Horse Ferry-road—on Friday, the 15th of Jan., about six o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner with two other standing outside a door, about twenty yards from the prosecutor's—I heard of the robbery soon after—I am certain it was the prisoner—I had seen him standing about the corner.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you know him before? A. Yes—I did not know his name, or where he lived—I knew the other boys, and their names, because they lived close by—I saw the prisoner again when he was in custody at Lambeth-street Police-court—nobody showed him to me—the policeman told me he was in custody—he asked me whether I could recognize the party—he did not say anything else—I gave him a description of him—I said he was rather stouter then me, and had fustian trowsers, that he had a cap with no peak, and rather a red face—I did not mention the colour of his hair—it is brown—I said he had rather a reflection in his eye.

COURT. Q. Are you quite sure he is the boy? A. Yes—the policeman did not describe him.





JOHN MASON
 (policeman 134l.) On the 16th Jan., between five and six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner was given in my custody—he said a respectable man gave him the watch to pawn, and told him he would give him 1s., and he was to say it was his father's of No. 18, Webber-street—I took him to the station-house, locked him up, went to Webber-street and

made inquiry, nothing was known respecting the watch—I afterwards went to Westminster, and found the prosecutor—he went with me to the pawnbroker's and identified the watch.

Cross-examined. Q. Look at the prisoner, is not he a palish-faced boy? A. Not altogether so pale as some people.

Q. Did Matthews tell you he was rather pale? A. Something to that effect. (The prisoner received a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 17.—Recommended to mercy.

—


Transported for seven Years.

