



1882. 




JOHN ROUSE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
9th of May, 20 feet of lead pipe, value l., the goods of 



Islipp Odell; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ISLIPP ODELL
. I live at Kentish-town. I had a pump at Hackney, and about twenty feet of pipe attached to it—I went to the premises where it was, and missed the suction-pipe, on the 9th of May—I had seen it a day or two previously—I have seen some pipe produced very similar to mine.





THOMAS LARTER
 (police-constable N 116.) I know the yard belonging to Mr. Odell, at Hackney—it is on a part of my beat—I know the pump there—I saw it in the yard before the pipe was missed from it—here is a piece of the pipe, with a wooden plug in it—I can speak to this, as I had noticed it in the yard for eight weeks previously—I had taken notice of it every time I went round my beat—the premises are open to the road—here is a rivet to keep the wood in, which I had noticed—on Monday, the 9th of May, I missed this pipe, and in the evening of the next day I was at the station, at Kingsland, when the prisoner was brought in by another officer, who had the piece of pipe which had the piece of wood in it, and I knew it directly.

Prisoner. I do not see how he can swear to this, when every pump has got the same. Witness. But this is missing from the pump, and I know it by the rivet that is through it.





JAMES BRENNAN
 (police-constable N 69.) On Tuesday evening, the 10th of May, I received information, and went to Queen's-row, Dalston, near to where it had been said the pipe was concealed—I got there about half-past eight o'clock—I saw the prisoner and another man in company—I watched them for half an hour, and saw them go over the palings into 8 field in Queen's-row—they went into a pit in the field, and stopped a few minutes—they then went in the direction of the canal—I followed and overtook them—I took hold of one in each hand by their collars—I said I was a policeman, and they might consider themselves in my custody—the prisoner put his hand into his right pocket, and drew out something and struck me on the head and shoulders; it was a piece of lead, I suppose; I felt it very heavy, and was obliged to let the other man go; but I succeeded in throwing the prisoner down, and while he was down I took from him these five pieces of lead pipe, and this one piece I wrenched out of his band—his companion then took this other piece from his pocket and struck me on the back with it—I called "Police" and "Murder"—some people came to my assistance, and I got the prisoner to the station—directly I got there Larter knew this piece of lead as belonging to the pump at Hackney——they tore my clothes, broke my hat, and I have Jumps on my head now.





JOHN HUGH HENDIE
. I am a plumber. I put up the pump for Mr. Odell—I have examined these pieces of pipe, and, to the best of my belief they are pieces of the pipe I put to that pump, but I could not swear to them—I saw the prisoner on Monday morning, the 9th, loitering about the public-house near where the pump was.





RICHARD HAWKES
 (police-sergeant N 6.) On Tuesday morning, the

10th of May, I found three pieces of this pipe in a dry ditch, about half a mile from the Middlesex Arms—I have compared them with the other process produced, and they all correspond.

Primer's Defence. I was coming across the fields with another man, and saw this in the fields; we took a little of it; the policeman came and struck me with a stick; I took one piece out and did strike him; he got me down, took off my handkerchief and tied my legs; he took off my braces and tied my hands..





THOMAS HATTON
 (police-constable K 272.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—



Transported for Seven Years.
