



1881. 




THOMAS JOHN SIMMS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
25th of June, 3 spoons, value 12s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 3s.; 1 brooch, value 5s.; and 1 shilling; the property of 



James Atkins.






SUSANNAH BISHOP
. I live with my aunt at Hampton, in Middlesex—she lives opposite the prosecutor. On the 25th of June, about a quarter-past four o'clock in the afternoon, I was standing at the window, and saw the prisoner enter the house, and go up stairs—I did not see any more—I told my aunt—I did not see him come out, nor see him again till he was in custody in a quarter of an hour—I know him to be the same person—I am sure of it.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. This is at Hampton-wick? A. Yes—I live opposite the Bird-in-Hand public-house, where the prosecutor lives—it stands between two roads—there is eight or nine yards distance between our house and the prosecutor's—I saw no one else.





WILLIAM PIGRUM
. I am a shoemaker, and live at Hampton-wick. I heard the alarm given—a little girl spoke to me—I saw the prisoner go from the prosecutor's house—I ran after him—he ran away, and ran down a passage where there was no thoroughfare—I saw him lean his hands over some pales as if to jump over—I ran down—he turned back—I seized him, and said, "Give me those things"—he gave me from his hand three spoons, a pair of tongs, and a brooch—he got from me—I made an alarm, and he was stopped—I took him into my shop, and found on him 8s. 4d., a drop-key, another key, and a brooch, and then he was taken to the station-house.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe he made no resistance? A. Yes, he did, he got away.





WILLIAM GEORGE WORFALL
 (police-sergeant V 23.) I was on duty at Kingston when the prisoner was brought in—I received these things from Pigrum, and marked them—I understood that the prisoner had thrown something away, and sent an officer to make search.





THOMAS BARNES
 (police-sergeant F 26.) I was sent by Worrall, as a person said the prisoner had thrown something away—I went, and received these two screw-drivers from a man named Duncan, and one shilling from another man.





MARY ATKINS
. I am the wife of James Atkins, we live at this house. These spoons and tongs are mine—they were in my bed-room on the first floor—on the 25th of June I was not at home—I left them safe when I went out—the bed was pulled off—two boxes were opened—one was broken open—there was nothing taken out of that box, but these things were taken out of the one that was not broken.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you see these spoons? A. In the morning

before I went to Hampton races—no other things were missing but those named in the indictment.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.
