




123. 




WILLIAM ROLLS
 and 




WILLIAM RICHARDSON
 were again indicted for

 stealing 4 sovereigns, and 2 half-sovereigns; the moneys of 



Thomas Prince, in his dwelling-house.


MR. O'BRIEN
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLOTTE PRINCR
. My husband's name is Thomas; we conduct a fancy bazaar, at 35, Bedford-row, Walworth-road; it is our dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. Mary, Newington. About the 14th or 15th Oct., three persons came into the shop; the prisoners are two of them—I and a lad,

sixteen or seventeen years old, were in the shop—the man who is not here engaged the lad's attention—the boy said, "This gentleman wants to look at a fancy article"—Rolls asked to look at some silver pencil-cases—showed them some—Rolls took up two or three, put them down again, and turned abruptly to the other side of the counter, where there were various goods—he did not look at anything, but the other man said, "What is the price of this black brooch?"—it was under a case—I took the silver pencil-cases away—the third man took the lad outside the shop—I thought Rolls was going out with them—the instant they went I missed 5l. in sovereigns, and two half-sovereigns, from a little round ivory box in the till, which contained 15l.—I had put a sovereign and a half-sovereign into it, which I had taken of a customer just before they came into the shop—there was 6l. or 7l. in silver in the till; I lost none of that—Rolls bought a pocket-book, and paid 1s. for it—no one had come in before I missed the money.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had any females been in the shop? A. Yes, just before—I know it was gold I received from them—it was nearly a month afterwards when I saw Richardson again—he was not more than five minutes in the shop—my lad was in the shop part of the time—the man took him outside, and I thought the man was going to return, but instead of that he was gone off with the money—the till is round a corner—I stood just by it; it was not more than three yards and a half from where the boy stood—he must have gone there when I went to the bottom of the shop to show Rolls the fancy article, but it was but for an instant—there was no one but them on the spot—the third party was outside the shop part of the time—they came in together, but went all separately—I gave a written description of the prisoners—Richardson was dressed much as he is now—I had never seen him before.





DAVID CHIPPS
 (policeman, N 840). On 1st Nov. I took Richardson, and found on him this watch and chain, 17s. 7d., a pencil, and this pocket-book—I have known him about four years and Rolls about nine weeks, and have seen them four nights out of the seven, and mornings too—this is Richardson's cap (produced)—I have seen him frequently in it

MRS. PRICE
re-examined. To the best of my recollection this is the pocket-book I sold to Rolls—I knew this cap directly I saw it.

Cross-examined. Q. Is there any mark on it? A. No; there are a great many like it—I am not quite sure that this pocket-book is mine; I only believe it is.

COURT. Q. Are you certain there was 5l.? A. Yes; I had counted 5l. when they came in, and still had the till in my hand—I did not take it out of the box—I roughly counted it.

ROLLS—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years more.


RICHARDSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.—



Confined One Year.

