



2772. 




HENRY COMFORT
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Catherine Stokes, on the 
16th of October, at 
Lambeth, and stealing therein, 4 gowns, value 1l.; and 1 cloak, value 10s.; the goods of 



Catherine Stokes: 1 cloak, value 10s., the goods of 



Catherine Stokes the younger: and 5 shirts, value 1l.; 1 table-cloth, value 1l.; 4 pairs of trowsers, value 1l.; 3 waistcoats, value 15s.; 1 coat, value 10s.; and 2 handkerchiefs, value 4s.; the goods of 



Christopher Stokes.






CATHERINE STOKES
, junior. I was living with my mother, Catherine Stokes, at the time in question, at No. 11, Great Bolton-street, Kennington-common, in the parish of Lambeth, I think—she has only part of the house—a person up stairs, named Cane, has the other part—the house is divided—Mr. Farmer is the landlord—he does not live in the house. On Saturday, the 16th of October, I left home, with my mother, at half-past six o'clock in the evening, leaving my brother Christopher in the house—we returned at eight, and found the door open—I got a light, and found my brother's drawers unlocked and empty—there had been five shirts, four pairs of trowsers, and three waistcoats in it, also a frock-coat—several things were taken out of my mother's drawers—three dresses and two cloaks—the cloak and gown now produced are part of my mother's property—my brother had gone out after us.






RICHARD THOMPSON
. I am a musical-instrument maker, and live in Great Bolton-street, Camberwell. On the 16th of October, about a quarter after seven o'clock, I was in Bolton-street, and saw the prisoner, in company with another, three or four doors from Mrs. Stokes, on the opposite side of the way.

Cross-examined by
MR. HOERY. Q. It was rather dusky, was it not? A. Yes—I was three or four yards off, going to Mrs. Stokes's house—I was on the same side as the prisoner, not the same side as Stokes—I passed the prisoner twice—I went up to Stokes's house—there is no gas-light in the street—I saw him from a light in the opposite shop—it is rather a broad street—I saw the prisoner watch me to Mrs. Stokes's door—I did not know him before—I am certain it is him.





WILLIAM BLEWIT
. I live with my father, in Great Bolton-street. On Saturday evening, the 16th of October, I saw the prisoner and two others in the passage of Mrs. Stokes's house—one of them had a candle in his hand—the prisoner had a bundle—they remained there a little while, and then all three came out—the prisoner pulled the door to, but it did not appear to catch—they went across the field at the end of the houses—I believe the frock-coat now produced to be Mr. Stokes's—I saw the prisoner wearing the coat—I cannot say about the make of it—it looked like this—he had a hat on his head—one of them' had a paper cap—I did not give an alarm, because I took the one in the cap to be one of Stokes's fellow-workmen.

Cross-examined. Q. You had no occasion to notice him particularly, as you were not alarmed? A. No—it was not the prisoner that had the candle, but one of the other men—I saw them about five minutes altogether —the prisoner stood on the threshold of the door, and the person with the candle further in—the prisoner had the bundle.





CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
 (police-constable L 31.) I was in company with Brooks, in Kennington-road, on Saturday night, the 16th of October, and saw the prisoner coining from Kennington-common towards Newington church, with a bundle under his right arm—he crossed from Newington-place to Church-row—a policeman was coming towards him—he then crossed the road, and in High-street there was another policeman on duty, on the opposite side—he crossed again, in consequence of this I and Brooks crossed over, and took him—I found the bundle on him—I asked what he had—he said it was clothes—I asked whose they were—he said his own—I asked where he got them—he said, "That is my business "—it contained a cloak, a gown, two waistcoats, two table-cloths, and a silk handkerchief.





JAMES BEOOKS
. I am a policeman. I saw the things in possession of the prisoner—he was wearing this coat, and had a waistcoat in his hat—he told me a man had given him the coat and waistcoat to carry the other bundle to an eating-house near the Elephant and Castle.





CHRISTOPHER STOKES
. I am the son of Catherine Stokes. We occupied part of the house, it is in the parish of Lambeth—the landlord does not live in the house—we have separate parts of the house-this waistcoat, shirt, and coat are mine, and so are these other things-they were in my drawer that night—I was the last person up in the room that night—I shut the door as I went out, which was five minutes before seven o'clock—I bolted the back-door of the house—I locked the drawer, and put the key into my

pocket—I pulled the street-door to—I am certain both the room-door and the street-door were closed when I left.

Cross-examined. Q. You are quite certain you did not make a mistake about the fastening of the door? A. Yes.




GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Ten Years.
