



3004. 




THOMAS MOORE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
26th of Aug. 1 ream of paper, value 2l. 15s., the goods of 



John Wright, his master.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN WRIGHT
. I am a bookbinder, and carry on business in Noel-street, St. James's, Westminster. The prisoner had been formerly in my service—in August last he applied to me to take him again—I agreed to take him, to get orders for paper, at five percent. commission for such orders as he obtained—on the 17th of August he showed me this order, in the name of Mr. Clark, for a ream of paper, called antique; and here is an order for Mr.

Adland—I know Mr. Clark—he is a bookbinder—I ordered the paper to be made—it was made on the 26th—at that time I had a clerk named Hutton—he had been but six weeks with me—I told him to mind that these two reams of paper were sent that day by one of the porters—the porters take a delivery book with them, to have the purchaser's name attached to it, as a receipt—I ordered that the book was to be taken, and the signature obtained—I wrote in the delivery book, "Messrs. Clark and Bedford, August 26th, one ream of demy antique"—this was to be signed by the customer—I left the prisoner and Hutton at my house, about half-past two o'clock—about two hours after I returned, and soon after the prisoner came in—I asked him where he had been—he said, "I don't know whether you meant me to take the whole of that paper; I have taken two reams, one to Clark and Bedford's, and the other to Mr. Adland"—I said, "How came you to take it? I told you distinctly that one of the porters was to take it"—he said, "The clerk told me to take it"—I went to the room where the clerk was, and, in the prisoner's presence, I said, "How came you to tell Moore to fake that paper?"—he said, "I did not, I told him I was sure you did not intend him to take if—I asked the prisoner about the book—I said, "Have you got a signature for it?"—he said, "No"—I then took up the book, and wrote in the entry—I said to Hutton, "Mind you get them signed for"—the prisoner said, "I will get them signed for"—some time after I was in the counting-house—I took up the book, looked, and saw the signature, "George Jones, to Mr. Adland"—I asked whose the signature to Clark and Bedford was—he said, "Mr. Bedford's"—I saw no more of the prisoner till he was in custody—then he said he did not deliver it, he had sold it—the signature here is "F. B."

Prisoner. Q. When you gave the order, was in the office? A. Yes, preparing the paper—I addressed the clerk.





PHILIP HUTTON
. On the 26th of August I was clerk to Mr. Wright—I had been in his servioe about a week. I received directions from him for two reams of paper, one to go to Adland's, and one to Clark and Bedford's—the prisoner was in the room—Mr. Wright said they were to be taken home by the porter—after Mr. Wright left, the prisoner tied up the paper, and said it was to go home—I said there were no porters, he must wait till the porters came in—he said the paper was wanted that afternoon, and he would take it—I then told him he had better not; Mr. Wright had desired the porter to take it, and he would not like him to take it—he made no answer, but took the paper.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not say, I did not think Mr. Wright intended me to be commission traveller and porter? A. Yes—I did not say that I did not perfectly understand Mr. Wright, but I thought he said you were to take it—you went and inquired, but I knew the porters were not at home—you did not ask the boy to take it.





JOHN CLARK
. I am partner with Mr. Bedford, a bookbinder, and live in Fleet-street. In August last the prisoner callsd to collect orders from us—I do not remember the time, but I know I never gave him an order in my life for a ream of demy antique paper.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not call on you, and you refuse to see me? A. I do not know—you might—I might have said, if you should have an improvement in the manufacture of the paper I should have no objection to your calling again, but you did not.





FRANCIS BEDFORD
. I am partner with Mr. Clark—I did not give an order to the prisoner in August for a ream of demy antique—I did not see

him on the occasion—the signature to this order in this book resembles my initials, but I did not sign it, or authorise any one to do so.





JOHN WRIGHT

re-examined. This order was delivered to me by the prisoner—the others are not genuine—I went round, and not one of them were correct—he had drawn 30s. on his commission—this is the prisoner's writing.





SAMUEL ELSBURY
 (police-constable A 125.) I took the prisoner.

Prisoner's Defence. I went round to get orders, and most of those sold Were on approbation. Mr. Clark said, if the paper was better he would give an order; I knew the sort used by Mr. Clark, and gave the order that one ream should be sent in; I took it, and Mr. Clark would not see me. I took it to my own home, and thought I would call again, and press him to take it I then wrote to Mr. Wright, and said I was not able to attend; I went round, and endeavoured to obtain sale for it in the trade, but could not.
(William Harvey, umbrella-maker, of the Strand, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 41.—


Transported for Seven Years.

