



1127. 




WILLIAM BOXALL
 was again indicted

 for feloniously receiving 87 metal cocks, 20 unions, and other articles, value 18l. 1s. 6d.; the goods of 




William Healy and another.


MESSRS. RYLAND
and
LAURIE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM HEALY.
 I am an ironmonger, in partnership with Mr. Burbidge, at 130, Fleet-street. On 26th Feb. I went to the station, and saw a quantity of goods, part of which were mine—the first thing I took hold of had "Slack and Son, Cheapside," on it—I had articles from the on my premises—we had a porter named Cantrill in our employ—he was taken, and has been convicted to-day in the Third Court—I went to the prisoner's shop, and saw a quantity of property—here are eighty-seven metal cocks, three teapots, two coffee-pots, and other things—they are new—they are mine—the cost price would be 16l. 10s.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST.
Q. You know them by being on your premises some time or other? A. Yes—a great portion have our name and shop-mark—they have not been sold—these unions were made expressly for a hot-water apparatus—they are never sold by themselves—there is no mark on them, but we sent the pattern to the manufacturer—they are not sold by other people—we do not sell them to shops—I did not know that the prisoner was acquainted with Cantrill, nor that Cantrill and Nicholls were, till Nicholls informed me—after I searched the place, he told me he had seen Cantrill at the prisoner's premises—Cantrill was taken at our shop—the prisoner was not taken to him—I did not know Barrett; I knew the shop—we sell goods with the mark on—no one would buy these unions—they cost 18d. each, but are not worth 3d. as old brass.





THOMAS BROWN.
 I am shopman to Messrs. Burbidge and Healy. These two cork screws are their property—I saw them two months ago, but did not miss them till they were pur into my hands at the station.





HENRY ROWE
 (City policeman, 356.) On 25th Feb., I searched the prisoner's house—he had been taken that morning, by Dalton—we found part of these things that day, and part on the 26th—we let no goods go out—officers who where in charge relieved each other—these unions hung in the shop.


Cross-examined. Q. They were not found till Mr. Healy came? A. No; he pointed them out—I believe Nicholls had left then—I never saw him in the shop but once—he was going by one day, and Mrs. Barrett called him in—he was not there a minute—I believe he had lived in the house, but left on 26th or 27th.





JOSEPH DALTON
 (City-policeman, 366.) The prisoner was given into my charge on 25th Feb.—I went to the premises directly—some persons were in charge—things were allowed to go in, but not to go out—five or six people two came, and we took them in charge—some were summarily convicted, and two were tried here last Session—I found these cruet-stands in a drawer, in the back room—some things have been proved to have been bought honestly, and some have been identified.




GUILTY. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)
