




1187. 



JOHN WILLIAMS
 and 



JOSEPH DRUMMOND
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
5th of April, I tea-caddy, value 8s.; 1 sugar-glass, value 2s.; 4oz. weight of sugar, value 2d.; and 2oz. weight of tea, value 9d.; the goods of 



Ann Waddington.







DANIEL NEAL
. I keep a boot-shop. On the 5th of April I was in Adam-mews, Marylebone, and saw the two prisoners—I watched them, being attracted by their uneasiness—I saw they had a tea-caddy—Williams put it under the tail of his coat—they were standing in the Mews together, about sixty or eighty yards from the prosecutrix's house—I saw Drummond go towards Berkeley-street, and Williams towards Seymour-street—I followed Williams, and in Cumberland-street I saw Drummond come round the corner, and join Williams in Seymour-street, and Drummond threw a dirty handkerchief over the caddy—I followed to look for a policeman—Williams made a stop, and Drummond passed over across Seymour-street to the corner of Portman-street—I saw a policeman at the corner of Portman-square, and while I was telling him, Williams passed—the policeman followed him—Drummond looked, and saw the policeman, and both began to run—I saw the policeman take Williams—I ran after Drummond, and when I got to the corner of Portman-street, he turned round as if he had just come out of Oxford-street, and asked me what was the matter—I said I wanted him to go to the police-office with the other—he said, "Very well, I will go, but I want to go somewhere else"—I said, "You must go there first"—he appeared anxious to know what he was wanted for—I said, "I saw you throw the handkerchief over the tea-caddy"—he said he was sure he did not.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What are you? A. A boot-maker—I was standing at Mr. Fletcher's door, where I had been to get something to drink—I watched them for about five minutes—I am quite certain I am not mistaken in them—I never saw them before—it was near twelve o'clock.





JOHN PHELPS
. I am a policeman. I received information from Neal, and went after Williams, who was carrying something under his arm covered with this handkerchief—when I got within five yards of him he threw it down, and ran away—I ran and caught him, and took the caddy up—he tried to get from me, and in Oxford-street he made another attempt to get away, and fell on an area grating—I saw him force a bag through the grating—it was given to me at the house, and contained four skeleton-keys and three latch-keys—Drummond was afterwards brought to the station by Neale—I found on him a few lucifer matches and part of a gold ring—he said he had never seen Williams before—on Tuesday I went to Miss Waddington, and found one of the keys opens her front-door.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was the bag brought to you? A. In the shop of the house, about half an hour after it was thrown down—Mr. Gardner, the owner of the house, brought it to me—I could see one skeletonkey come out as the bag fell in the area—I think I could point out which key it was—it was different from the rest.





RICHARD STREVETT
. I am servant to Mrs. Ann Waddington, in Upper Berkeley-street, Portman-square. This tea-caddy is hers, and was taken from the sideboard in the dining-room—I saw it safe about ten o'clock in the morning—I do not know how the parties got in—the door was found open—I believe it was shut before.

Cross-examined. Q. What people live in the house? A. Miss Ann Waddington and her sister, two servants, and myself—I saw the caddy last on Monday morning—I was in the room after that, but did not miss it—it was found on Monday, and contained tea and sugar—I know the caddy by seeing it every day—there is no particular mark on it—I believe it to be

the same—Miss Ann Waddington is the housekeeper—her sister lives with her, but she is the mistress.

Drummond's Defence. The gentleman came up, and asked me if I was the young man; I went with him.





DANIEL NEAL

re-examined. I did not ask him if he was the man—I had not a doubt of him.

WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

DRUMMOND—


GUILTY
.—



Confined Six Months.
