



613. 




WILLIAM YATES
 was again indicted

 for forging and uttering, on the 
21st of December, a warrant for the payment of 10l., with intent to defraud the 

Governor and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of Exposed and Deserted Children.—Other COUNTS, varying the manner of stating the charge.






MORRIS LIEVESLEY
. I am secretary to the Foundling Hospital, in the parish of St. Pancras, Middlesex. On the 21st of December the prisoner came to my office, which is at the Hospital, in Guildford-street, and brought me a letter, which I produce—he put it into my hand—(read)—"To M. Lievesley, Esq., Foundling Hospital, London.—Ashley-park, Surrey, Dec. 21st, 1841.—Sir, I have been made acquainted with the rules and particulars relating to the Foundling Hospital. It is my intention, with Lady Fletcher, and also the wish of my daughters, Misses Jane and Harriet, to subscribe the sum of two guineas per annum towards the support of this deserving asylum. Having occasion to send my steward to London, I have directed him to wait on you, who will pay you the amount of eight guineas, and receive the receipt.—H. W. FLETCHER.—"On the back of this letter was an order as follows:—"Messrs. Robarts and Co., Pay M. Lievesley, Esq. 10l.—H. W. FLETCHER."

Witness. After reading the letter, I asked the prisoner whether Sir H. Fletcher was a Cumberland man, having known him formerly—he said, "Oh, no; you are mistaken, it is Sir H. W. Fletcher, of Ashley-park, Surrey"—I asked his name—he said, "Faulkener," and I believe he said he was his steward—I asked him in what way the Foundling Hospital was brought to the notice of Sir H. Fletcher—he said the Mangles' family, and I think he said Lord Lilford had dined with him the preceding week, and the conversation turned on the Foundling—I gave him some papers respecting the charity, and a letter of acknowledgment, with a receipt—he was then about going out of the room, and said, "There is a balance"—I had forgotton the cheque being for 10l.—I gave him 1l. 12s.—the corporate

name of the charity is the Governor and Guardians of the Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of Exposed and Deserted Young Children.





WILLIAM JONES
 (police-constable L 141.) I am the prisoner's brother-in-law. I know his handwriting—this letter and order, to the best of my belief, is his handwriting—I have no doubt of it—I never knew him by the name of Faulkener—I believe he has gone by the Christian name of Faulkener, but his real name is Yates.





SIR HENRY FLETCHER
. I reside at Ashley-park, Surrey, about seventeen miles from London. This letter is not my writing—I know nothing of it at all—neither that nor the cheque are written by my authority—I know nothing of the prisoner—he was never in my employ—I know no other Sir Henry Fletcher—my name is not William.





NICHOLAS PEARSE
. I am an inspector of the police. The prisoner was given into my charge—I told him he must consider himself in custody for obtaining money from the Magdalen, Blind School, and other charities, by means of forged cheques—he made no answer—this was at the station in Tower-street, Lambeth—he was kept there that, night, taken to Unionhall on the Monday, and committed here.




GUILTY
. Aged 45.—


Transported for Life.
(There were other indictments against the prisoner; he had been previously transported, and summarily convicted at least twenty times on the prosecution of the Mendicity Society.)
