




1694. 




HENRY WOOD
 and 



SAMUEL RODRIGUEZ
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 watch, value 4l. 10s., the goods of 




Francisco Pignatelli, from his person.






FRANCISCO PIGNATELLI
. I live in Albert-street, Shadwell. On the 3rd of Aug. I was at the Garrick Theatre—I came out to get some beer and met Rodriguez—he asked me for the check—I told him I had no check—I saw Wood and another man—Wood picked my watch out of my waistcoat pocket—I caught him in my hand—he could not get away—he passed away the watch to some one—I cannot tell what he did with it.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALDWIN. Q. Do you know Rodriguez? A. I

saw him that night—he said at the station if I did not bring his name in question he would produce my watch—I heard him say that—I cannot say that he was one of the two men who was present when my watcb wai taken.

Wood. Q. Can you say I am the man that picked your pocket of your watch? A. I do, you know it quite well.

Cross-examined. Q. Was there not something about a spaniel dog? A. Yes—a gentleman lost a dog, and he said he would give five guineas reward—Rodriguez was brought quietly to the station, and then he said if he could find it he would bring it back.





EDWARD CONWAY
 (police-constable.) I found the prosecutor holding Wood—I took him.

Wood. The prosecutor is a well-known crimp; he stated the M'atch was not his, and it belonged to his wife; he agreed with my sister to compound for 3l., which my sister gave him.





FRANCIS PIGNATELLI. NO
, I have not taken it—I said I would not—I am not a crimp—I am a sail-maker.





THOMAS KELLY
 (police-constable.) I took Rodriguez—he said something I did not understand—the prosecutor identified Rodriguez at the time.

Cross-examined. Q. you brought this man to the station about a dog? A. I took him on the charge of stealing the watch—I got him to the station on a pretence that somebody was there about a dog—he said he knew nothing about the dog, but there was five guineas reward, and if he could find it he would bring it back.





THOMAS MANNING
 (police-constable H 119.) I produce a certificate of Wood's former conviction at Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted the 6th of May, 1844, and Confined four Months.


WOOD †


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.


RODRIGUEZ—


NOT GUILTY
.
