



2095. 




WILLIAM BUTLER
 was again indicted

 for feloniously forging, on the 
2nd of July, an order for the payment of 21l. with intent to defraud 



James Scott Smith, and another.—2nd COUNT, for uttering the same with a like intent, well knowing it to be forged.






WILLIAM HENRY FOREMAN
. I am cashier to Scott Smith, and Co., distillers, in Whitechapel. On the 2nd of July this letter and cheque were brought to our house between two and half-past two in the afternoon—our house is near Mile End-gate—I do not know Collingwood-street—the prisoner is the person who presented it—I have not any doubt about it—(The cheque was for 21l., dated 1st July, drawn by P. W. Clark, on Messrs. Spooner and Co.; the letter was dated 2nd July, to the same effect as the former ones, and purporting to come from Mr. Edwards, of the East London Tavern")—I asked him if he required an answer—he said, "Yes"—I asked if he knew how much money he had to take back—he said no—I gave him two 10l. notes and one sovereign, and requested him to give it to Mr. Edwards, who is a customer of ours, and keeps a public-house in Whitechapel-road.





THOMAS WINTERTON
. I am a clerk in the house of James Scott Smith and another. I was present when the letter and cheque were brought, on the 2nd of July—I saw two notes and a sovereign given for it—the prisoner is the person, I am certain—I have not the slightest doubt of it.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were you in town all July? A. Yes, in the service of the same gentlemen—I did not go to Worship-street.





JAMES HINES CLARK
. I keep a public-house in Whitechapel-road. I know nothing of this letter and cheque—I do not know the prisoner—I never sent him to Scott Smith's—the letter is not my writing, nor was it written by my authority—I know nothing whatever of it.





ALFRED HINES CLARK
. I am clerk to Spooner and Attwood—we have no such customer as this cheque is signed by.

Witnesses for the Defence.






SAMUEL HARRIS
. I remember Thursday the 2nd of July—I was engaged that day in making a watch-escapement—the prisoner was helping me with that work, which was not usual—we began work a little after six or seven o'clock in the morning, and he continued to help me at it till six o'clock in the evening—I had to finish it myself the last hour, from six to seven o'clock—he never left the workshop that day, except for his meals, and he had his breakfast, dinner, and tea in the warehouse—I recollect that day very well, because I was disappointed in my dinner—I thought to have liver and bacon, but my wife could not get any liver, and consequently

we had bacon, which was so salt that I did not like it, and when the prisoner brought his plate down, I said to him, "Don't it ask you to drink?"—he said, "Yes, it has almost taken the skin off my mouth"—it was the day before the Eastern Counties' Railway opened.

JURY. Q. How could your apprentice and yourself both work at a watch-escapement? A. The boy polished the wheel and made the staff, rollers, pivot, and some other parts, while I did the rest—he never left the house at dinner-time—after dinner he went into the yard and amused himself, having a little time to spare, before he began work again—perhaps a quarter of an hour—he came back to the warehouse about half-past two o'clock—our general dinner hour is a quarter-past one.





JANE HARRIS
. I was at home on Thursday the 2nd of July—it was the day of Fairlop-fair—a friend called on me that day—I saw the prisoner at dinner-time—we had bacon for dinner—he did not go out after dinner—I saw him at work in the course of the day—I went out at seven o'clock in the evening, and left him at home then—he was not out at all up to that time—I was waiting to take home the watch-escapement, which my father and the prisoner were finishing—I took it home at seven o'clock.





LUCY HARRIS
. I am the daughter of Mr. Harris. I was at home on Thursday the 2nd of July—we had salt bacon for dinner that day—I did not see the prisoner at dinner-time—I saw him at two o'clock in the kitchen—he brought his plate, and knife and fork down-stairs after dinner and went into the yard to the dog, and called the dog by his name—I did not go out of the kitchen the whole afternoon—he could not get out of the yard without coming through the kitchen—I am sure he did not leave the yard till he returned to his work—he could not have been out between two o'clock and half-past two without my knowing it—I saw him again at three—he came down stairs to get some water to drink—he came out of the workshop.





EDWARD KEEMER
. I am Mr. Harris's apprentice. I was at home on Thursday, the 2nd of July—I saw the prisoner at home that day, working with his master on the watch escapement—he dined with me about half-past one o'clock—we sat together—he went into the yard after dinner, and came back to work at two o'clock—he remained there till tea-time—he did not go out till after eight o'clock.




GUILTY of Uttering. Aged 17.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
