



1384. 




MARY MURRAY
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



Louisa M'Donald, with two other persons, putting her in fear, and taking from her person and against her will, 1 cape, value 2s.; 1 bonnet, 2s.; 1 pair of shoes, 1s.; and 1 ring, 10s.; her goods; and beating, striking, and using other personal violence to her.






LOUISA M'DONALD
. I live in John-street. On the 6th of May, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I went to Finsbury-square—I returned between ten and eleven o'clock in the evening, to my sister's—they had gone to bed, and I did not wish to disturb them—I went into a public-house in Ratcliff-highway—the prisoner was there—I asked her if she could recommend me to a quiet clean bed for the night, as I was locked out of my sister's house—she said she could recommend me to the house where she lodged—I asked her what the charge was, she said, 1s.—I said I had no objection to give that, provided it was clean and quiet—she took me across the road into a narrow court—I do not know the name of it, I never was there before—when I was a little distance up the court, I received a blow in the mouth from the prisoner—before I could recover myself there were two men by her side—I do not know where they came from—I did not see them come out of any house—one of them gave me a violent blow in the eye, which knocked me down—then one man struck me with his fist, the other kicked me—while I was in that state the prisoner took a ring from my finger—she leant over me, and hurt my finger very much—she tore the bonnet off my head, my shawl off my back, and my shoes off my feet, and commenced tearing my gown—it was torn into ribbons—they beat me about the head till I was nearly insensible—then a man held me by the throat, and dragged me some distance up the court—I had a pocket-book in my lap in the house where I first met her—she saw it—she asked me if I could assure her I could pay for the bed, before she took me, and I opened my pocket-book to show her I could—I had three half-crowns—I put it back again—a female standing by said, "If you are not careful you will be robbed "—the prisoner said, "Put the pocket-book safe,"—I put it into my pocket, and there it remained till the following morning, and then I missed my money.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you go home with a coal-whipper who robbed you? A. Certainly not—I was sober.





CATHERINE HORDEY
. I live in Gray's-buildings, Twine-court. On the 6th of May, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I recollect M'Donald being in

the Duke of York, High-street, Shadwell—she had half a pint of fourpenny ale—the prisoner was there—she took the half-pint off the counter, and said, "Give me a drop"—she said, "No "—the prisoner took it and drank it—the prosecutrix said, "Don't you drink that, I paid for it "—she said, "I will if I like," and took it and drank it—the prisoner had some more ale, which the prosecutrix paid for—some rum was called for, the prosecutrix took a shilling out of her pocket-book and paid for that—they both drank it together—some more rum was called for, and the prosecutrix said, "I must see my way home"—the prisoner said, "Pay for this quartern, and I will take you home "—the prosecutrix said she would—I saw the prisoner lead her into the White Hart—the prisoner asked her for another quartern of rum—she said she wanted to go to a quiet, homely bed—the prisoner said she would take her to one, if she would give her another quartern of rum—the prosecutrix sat down, took out her pocket-book, with a lot of duplicates in it, and four half-crowns—the prisoner sat alongside of her—she said, "I will pay for this quartern, and you must see me home to a quiet, homely bed"—she took out a half-crown, and left the other three in it—she got up, and the book fell, the prisoner took it up—the prosecutrix put the pocket-book into her lap with no money in it—I did not see them go away together—at that time the prosecutrix was dressed in a very respectable manner; a bonnet, shawl, and cape—they did not appear to be torn—she was rather the worse for liquor—she knew what she was about.

Prisoner. Q. Why not give me in charge in the White Hart, if you saw me take the money? A. I saw you take the woman's money and run away—I did not see you after—I never threw a knife in some sheep's blood, nor took a false oath against my father, to get him transported.





GEORGE HAILES
 (police-constable K 54.) On the morning of the 7th of May, about three o'clock, I found the prosecutrix in a privy, in Twine-court—her things were completely torn off her—she was nearly naked—two or three women, who informed me of her being there, got some pins, and pinned her things together, and one, for decency, even lent her an apron—she seemed insensible, from kicks, blows, and ill-usage—her neck was all blood, her eye black, and her face cut, and covered with blood—I took her to the station, and in consequence of information I received from Hordey, I apprehended the prisoner in bed, in a house in Twine-court—I told her what I wanted her for—she said she never saw the woman—I searched her, and only found a penny on her.
(The prisoner put in a written defence, declaring her innocence, stating that the prosecutrix had treated her at two public-houses with ale and rum, and had afterwards slept at a house of ill-fame; that the witness Hordey was a common prostitute, and unworthy of belief, having been in prison for felony; that she did not know what money the prosecutrix had.)




GUILTY
.—Aged 33.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

