




1735. 




JOHN HUNT
 was indicted for

 stealing 70 gross of iron screws, value 3l. 10s.; 6000 iron tacks, 3s.; 36 carriage knobs, 2s. 6d.; 18 harness buckles, 1s. 6d.; and 7lbs. weight of iron carriage pins, 7s.; the goods of 



John Neal and another, his masters; and that he had been before convicted of felony: and 





CATHERINE LYNCH



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen.


MR. CHARNOCK
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN ROBERT NEAL
. I am in partnership with my father, John Neal—we are coach-ironmongers and platers, in Queen-street. Hunt was our errand-boy for nine months—on Friday week he was sent out, and did not return—we went to his house on Saturday afternoon, and told him he was a very bad boy for robbing us, and what had he done with the property—he said he had

taken nails, screws, tacks, locks, and castors; he had sold the tacks for 2d. a pound—they are worth 1s. 8d. a pound—the screws at 2d. a gross, which cost 2s. 6d., and the large ones, which cost 2s. 6d., for 3d.—he said he had sold them to a woman in Baldwin's-gardens, named Andrews, that he went there with some bones—she asked him where he lived, and he said, at an ironmonger's—I went on the Saturday with Mr. Lewty to Andrews' house—we saw Lynch in the shop—we said we came to see if there was any other property there—her son came forward, and she left the shop—we found a blind fastening on the shelf inside the shop—it is Mr. Lewty's—we found a quantity of nails and screws that I could not positively swear to as mine, but there was a paper on a string with my father's handwriting, which I could swear to—here is the number and our private mark on it—it had contained buttons—property had been brought to us the day before that had been found there—these two parcels are part of our property—they contain screws—they have never been sold—we only supply one party with these, and these were not sold—these are the things which Hunt described as having taken—on the Monday we took Hunt into custody, and went to Lynch's shop—we did not find her there—we went up to the second floor of an adjoining house—the policeman knocked at the door—no answer was made—he hammered a considerable time, looked through, and saw that the door was fastened from the inside—he shook it very violently, and said, "If you don't open it I will break it open"—it was fastened by a screw-driver and a knife—we found Lynch hidden behind a turn-up bedstead—we brought her out, and she said nothing.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You got your property back before you went on the Monday? A. Yes—I do not think I spoke to Lynch at all on the Saturday.





JAMES WJNDEYER LEWTY
. I am a merchant and general ironmonger, and live at Mr. Neal's when I am in town—part of my store-place is in the same warehouse with Neal's. On Friday, the 7th of June, I went to Hunt's house—I afterwards went to Lynch's, and saw her—I asked her if her name was Andrews—she said "Yes," it was—I asked if she belonged to the shop—she said, "Yes"—I said, "You have property here belonging to me and Mr. Neal, how did you come by it?'—she said she could not tell, but if there was anything I might take it—I pointed out a great many screws, castors, and other things—she said I might take them—I said, "I shall not, but I insist on your sending them home"—she sent out a man for a truck, and I sent my clerk with him to see that the things were taken back to Queen-street—these two parcels are part of the goods so brought there—I saw on the premises there a great quantity of things, as much as a man could carry in a truck—I went to Lynch's again the next morning—as we were going in she came out, and we found several other things—this brass thing I found, which is Mr. Neal's—as I was coming out on the Friday, Lynch said she hoped I would not do anything with her, she was a poor widow—I said she was quite old enough to know better, and we were very much inclined to believe that the boy's delinquencies were owing to her—we went again on the Monday with the officer—I inquired if Mrs. Andrews was at home—they said she was not, but she would be in in a few minutes—we got information that she was up stairs in the next house—I remained in the shop while the policeman and Mr. Neal went up, and in about an hour they brought her down to the shop.





HENRY BURTON
. I am clerk to Mr. Lewty. I went to Lynch's premises on the 7th of June, and saw these packages found—I accompanied the porter with the goods to Mr. Neal's house—I am quite sure these are the same goods that were put in the truck.


Cross-examined. Q. The things were all in the shop? A. Yes—these two packets of screws were on a shelf opposite the door.





JAMES BROWN
. I took Hunt, and then went to Baldwins-gardens with Mr. Neal, and took Lynch—we asked if Mrs. Lynch was in—some woman there said she was not, she was gone out, hut would he hack in a few minutes—we waited some time—no one came—we went to the next door on the second floor, where we found her concealed behind a bed.
(Lynch received a good character.)





THOMAS LOVELL
 (police-constable G 84.) I produce a certificate of Hunt's former conviction which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

HUNT—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

LYNCH—


GUILTY
. Aged 58.





Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoners.)
