




1046. 




JAMES RAWLINGS
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
21st of Jan., 79 1/2 yards of lawn, value 38s., the goods of 



Thomas Allen and another, his masters; and 





JAMES NEWCOMBE



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






MOSES MARTYN
. I am warehouseman in the vice of Messrs. Allen and Smith, who live in Friday-street, Cheapside. On the 21st of Jan. I was ordered to conceal myself—Amos Hayton was at the entry-desk in the counting-house at that time—Rawlings, who is a porter in the house, was directed to remain in the warehouse while the others were gone to dinner, and not to leave—he was left in charge of the warehouse—I concealed myself behind the counting-house—about half-past two o'clock I watched Rawlings, and saw him go into the linen-room, to a box in which some lawns were—I bad counted the pieces of lawn in that box about five minutes before, and found forty-nine pieces—I saw him put his band on the goods—his back was towards me—he instantly left, and walked behind some boxes which were standing in front of the warehouse—I then came forward from my hiding-place, and asked what he was doing there—he said he was looking for a sheet of paper—I immediately went to the box, counted the pieces, and found three pieces were missing—in the meantime Rawlings walked forwards, and Hayton told me he was gone out—I went in, search of him, and could not find him—in about an hour he returned—Mr. Allen called him into the counting-house, and afterwards gave him into custody—no one had any possiblity of getting to the box between the time of my finding forty-nine pieces of lawn and counting them again, and finding only forty-six, except Rawlings—there are three pieces of lawn here now—I am able to say that this is one of the forty-nine pieces which I saw in the box before I saw Rawlings go to it—I know it by the "No. 591" on it—the marks have been removed from the other two pieces—I had observed this number on them before—here are several other pieces of the same lot, and the same manufacture, but there is no mark or number to enable me to detect them—they contain about six yards and a half in each, and are wrapped in green.

Cross-examined by
MR. WYLDE. Q. There is only one that you can swear to as having been in the box? A. No—the manufacturer puts the number on it—we get them in round numbers, from 591 to any number we like—there may be a great number sent out from the same manufactory with "591" on them.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do they come in duplicate pieces? A. Yes—these are half pieces—I have brought the other half piece from the warehouse, which is the duplicate to this "No. 591"—there were seven of these" No. 6" in the box, and three of them were missed.






AMOS HAYTON
. I am in the prosecutor's service. I remember on the 21st of Jan. Rawlings was directed not to leave the premises—I did not know at that time that Martyn was concealed—Rawlings asked me for a sheet of paper—I told him he would find one in the Irish warehouse, which is the place where it is kept—he went there, but I could not see what he did—I saw him go to the part where the lawns are kept—shortly after Mr. Martyn made his appearance suddenly—Rawlings came away, and went out—he had no occasion to go, and I had not given him leave—in about an hour he returned and Mr. Allen gave him into custody—I was present when Mr. Smith gave Rawlings direction not to leave.





NICHOLAS PEARCE
. I am an inspector of police of the A division. In consequence of information, I went on the 7th of Feb. to the shop of Wallis and Southwood, in Parliament-street, and found these six pieces of lawn, which are the subject of this inquiry.





WILLIAM SOUTHWOOD
. I am in partnership with Mr. Wallis, a linen-draper, in Parliament-street. I believe these six pieces were bought of Newcombe; but my partner buys the goods—I was not present—I delivered these goods to Mr. Pearce.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you before this bought similar pieces to these of Newcombe? A. We have bought lawns with the same name on them.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. How much did you pay for these? A. I am not certain, but I see that one is marked to sell at 1s. 4d.





SAMUEL SPARROW WALLIS
. I am in partnership with Mr. Southwood. I bought these six pieces of lawn of Newcombe, at 1s. a yard—I bought nine other pieces at the same time—I think I bought ninety-six yards and a half.





THOMAS ALLEN
. I am partner with Mr. Smith—we are warehousemen, in Friday-street. These lawns, as charged to us by the manufacturer, average about 2s. a yard—I should say 1s. a yard is not a fair price for them—we should be happy to buy any quantity at that price, if we could buy them fairly—on the 21st of Jan. I directed Martyn to conceal himself—we had missed upwards of fifty pieces of lawn—Rawlings was to be told by my partner to remain in the warehouse while the others went to dinner—we sell these lawns at 1d. or 2d. a yard profit—we get four or five per cent, on them—there is no doubt about this one, "No. 591," being ours, and the others too.





HENRY SMITH
 (police-constable E 148.) I have been lately searching into some transactions in the neighbourhood of Friday-street, among the warehousemen—I found that a number of the porters of the warehousemen were in the habit of congregating at the Admiral Carter, in Bartholomew-close, which is kept by Deadman—I took a lodging there, for the purpose of watching those persons—I have seen Rawlings and Newcombe there, talking and drinking together—I saw Rawlings there several times while he was in the employ of Allen and Smith—I have watched him when he went from the Admiral Carter, to Allen and Smith's, in Friday-street, and gave them information—the last time I saw the prisoners together, previous to the 21st of Jan., was on the 17th of Jan.—they were then in conversation—Newcombe went to the bar and changed a sovereign, and gave Rawlings some money, or some money passed between them—I apprehended Rawlings on the 11th of Feb., in the Commercial-road—I said, "I am a police officer, and you are my prisoner"—he said, "What for?"—I said, "For stealing seven pieces of lawn of Mr. Allen, your late master"—he said, "Very well, I will go quietly with you."

Rawlings' Defence. On the 21st of Jan., when he accused me of taking three pieces of lawn; he said, "If I would not go into the warehouse, and

tell him where it was he would give me into custody; I said I had not seen any; he said Mr. Martyn saw me take it; I did not go out for ten minutes, and if he saw me take them, there was plenty of time for him to take me; there were other porters in the warehouse; Mr. Smith told me to wait till some one came, and when I saw Martin, I said, "If you will wait I will go;" he made no answer.
(Joseph Mallett, servant to Mr. Cullam, a brewer, gave Rawlings a good character.)

RAWLINGS—


GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.


NEWCOMBE. Aged 39.—


GUILTY
.
