



836. 




JOHN SMITH



, stealing 1 dressing-case, 2 eye-glasses, and other articles, value 37l. 4s.; 10 sovereigns and 1 guinea; and 8 coins, value 4s. 10d.; the goods of 



Frederick Sutton, in the dwelling-house of 



Elizabeth Matts, and afterwards burglariously breaking out of the same.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM GORMAN
 (City-policeman, 436). On Friday, 9th March, about half-past five o'clock in the morning, I was on duty in Priest-court, Foster-lane, and saw the prisoner come over a wall in the rear of the Rose and Crown—I took him by the collar, and asked what made him come over the wall—he said it was all right; he had slept there that night—I said I would ring the bell, and see the landlord—I rang it, and he struggled to get away, and bit my hands several times; he then got me down, got my thumb into his mouth, and bit it to the bone—he kept it there about a minute and a half; he then hit my head against the flagstone, and cut it—he got away—I got up, and overtook him by the Post-office gates—a postman came to my assistance, and I took him to the station—I went to the Rose and Crown, then returned, and searched the prisoner, and found on him 1s., a pair of gloves, and a handkerchief.

Cross-examined by
MR. COOPER. Q. Was he sober? A. Yes—the, wall is about thirteen feet high.






FREDERICK SUTTON
. I manage the business of Elizabeth Matts, a widow, of the Fountain Inn, which is in the parish of St. Leonard-Foster. On 9th March I was awoke, and went down to the prisoner's room; he had slept in the house that night—he was not there; there was a bunch of keys in his bed—I missed this dressing-case (produced), and watch, gold chain, and seal, from my bed-room, which was one flight of stairs above his—I have not seen the watch since—the dressing-case contained ten sovereigns, a guinea, seven silver coins, two gold eye-glasses, and other things—I found them all in it—the lock had been tried, but not forced—the prisoner went to bed at ten, and I at two o'clock—I found the landing-window open at six next morning—I had fastened it the night before; it must have been opened from the inside—a person could get down the water-spout from there, and over the wall into Priest-court.

Cross-examined. Q. How does the window fasten? A. By a snap at the top—a commercial-traveller and a horse-dealer slept in the house as well—they were both there in the morning—I had never seen the prisoner before—he came and said he was captain of a vessel having business at the Post-office, and wanted a bed—he must have come into the room where I and my wife were asleep—the door was not locked.





MARY ANN SUTTON
. I am the daughter of last witness. These keys are mine; I saw them found in the prisoner's bed; they had been in a drawer in my bed-room, at the top of the house—any one could have come in and taken them—my door was not locked.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure they were there? A. Yes.





CHARLES THOMAS SUTTON
. I am the brother of last witness, and lived at the Fountain. I searched the churchyard, and found this dressing-case behind some flower-pots, and gave it to the policeman.





WILLIAM SHEPHERD, SEN
. I live at 6, Priest-court. I was aroused, looked out of the window, and saw the prisoner and policeman tussling—I called to him to spring his rattle, went down to his assistance, and then heard them running down the court—I overtook them near the Post-office—on the way back, the policeman's hat and part of his lantern were lying there, and the prisoner said, "D----n you, I would have cooked you if I had got----"and then stopped.





WILLIAM SHEPHERD, JUN
. I live with my father, at 6, Priest-court. I saw the scuffle, and saw the prisoner brought back with something in his hand.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Ten Years.

