



304. 




CHARLES DONOVAN
 was indicted

for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Powell, on the 
3rd of Dec, at 
St. Anne, Lime-house, and stealing therein, 1 gown, value 7s.; and 1 pair of trowsers, 2s.; his property; and 1 bed, 7s., the goods of 



John Ralph; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM POWELL
. I live in Pheasant-court, St. Ann's, Limehouse, and keep the house. On Saturday, the 3rd of Dec., I was in my back parlour—I had been in the front room half-an-hour previously—when I left it I shut the door—there was no lock to it, and I fastened it with a rope to a nail—between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I observed, through a glass partition, a light in the front room—I had left no light there—I immediately ran into the front room, and found the door open—there was no light then, but there was a strong smell of lucifer-matches—I called for a light—my wife brought one—I looked about—my brother-in-law ran out in pursuit of another party, and on his return I found the prisoner behind the door of the front-room—he flew out on me—with some difficulty I got him down, and he then pretended to faint away—I missed a gown off the bed-post, and a pair of trowsers from a box in the fire-place, which I had seen safe about half-an-hour before—I found the trowsers close to the door, rolled up with a sailor's bed of my brother's, ready to take away—I asked the prisoner what he had done with the gown—he said, "I have given the gown to a man named Fagan, who is dancing at the Crown, in Ratcliff; I will give you any money to let me go, and if you doubt my word, you shall keep my clothes till I return it—I sent for a policeman and gave him in charge.

Prisoner. He did not catch me behind the door, it was in the passage. Witness. He was behind the room door.





JOHN RALFH
. I was sitting with my brother in the back room, and saw the light in the front room—I followed my brother to the front room, and saw a person behind the street-door, who ran out—I ran after him—he got away—as I came back, I saw the prisoner's brass buttons shining behind the door—I called out, "There is somebody behind the door"—we opened the door, and he attempted to strike us.






CATHERINE RALPH
. I saw the prisoner taken.





HENRY GOLD
 (police-constable R 202.) I was called in, and took the prisoner—the bed and trowsers were given to me, and a box of lucifers, which dropped out of the prisoner's cap.





WILLIAM POWELL

re-examined. They dropped out of hit cap in the scuffle—these trowsers are mine, and the bed my brother's.

Prisoner's Defence. The woman drew the box of lucifers in her hand, and laid them there—they knocked me about terribly.





CATHERINE RALPH

re-examined. I did nothing to the lucifers.





HENRY GOULD
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—I was present at his trial—he is the person—(read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Life.


Before Mr. Baron Alderson.

