




755. 




HENRY REEVES
 and 




ELIZABETH DALTON
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
21st of November, 1 sheet, value 1s.; 1 rug, value 1s.;1 bolster, value 2s.; and 1 dish, value 1s.; the goods of 



Thomas Jackson.







LOUISA JACKSON
. I live in Dowling-street, Deptford, and am the wife of Thomas Jackson. I keep a lodging-house—I let the two prisoners a furnished lodging, which contained the articles stated in this indictment—on the 13th of December I thought it necessary to examine their lodging, and then these things were all gone—I did not authorise them to take any thing—I have seen these things since they are here—my husband has been away from me nearly five years—he is alive.





BEMJAMIN HAYNES
. I keep a shop at Deptford. About the 6th or 7th of January the two prisoners came to my shop, and had some tea, sugar, and other things, to the amount of 7 1/4 d.—they left the dish, and said in a few days they would call and pay, and take the dish away.





CHORLOTTE STRICKLING
. I keep a shop in Deptford. I have a bolster which the prisoner Dalton brought to me in December—I gave 1s. for it—she sold it till the day she took her pension, when she was to come and have it again, but she did not, and I put it up for sale.





IOHN EVRDEN
. I am a pawnbroker. I have a rug and a sheet—the rug was pawned with me by the female prisoner.





BENJAMIN LOVELL
 (police-sergeant R 15.) I took the male prisoner—he had the duplicates on him of the sheet and the rug—he said he knew nothing about them, that he had the duplicates from the female prisoner's daughter—I went with him to Rosemary-lane, and found the female prisoner—she said she did it to support the man, and he knew all about it—he did not contradict it.

Dalton, I acknowledge myself guilty of pledging the articles, but not of selling the bolster—Strickling has been in the habit of advancing loans on trifling things, and receiving interest—she has had it twice before on the same terms, and it has been redeemed by me—not having work, I was compelled to take it again to her on the 4th of January, I was to fetch it in a few days, and give 6d. for the money advanced—it was done with the knowledge of Reeves, with whom I got acquainted, and lived with him as his wife—on the 7th of January I paid her 3l. 10s. out of 5l. which Reeves gave me to pay her and some small debts—I was detained in London on some family affairs, which was the reason I could not get these things out.





BENJAMIN LOVELL

re-examined. When Dalton left Deptford she went to London with Reeves, to receive his pension—she then went to her daughter, and had no shoes to go out in, which was the reason she could not go back to Deptford—I was forced to hire a cab, and take her down without shoes—Reeves had 10s. 6d. a week pension.

REEVES—


GUILTY
.*** Aged 59.—


Transported for Seven Years.

DALTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 38.—



Confined One Week.
