



1119. 




WILLIAM POORE



, feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Mason Shead, and stealing a gown, value 30s.; his property.


MR. PARNELL
conducted the Prosecution.






JANE SHEAD.
 I am the wife of John Mason Shead, of 1, Willow-walk, Bethnal-green. On Saturday, 25th March, I left the house, with no one in it, at half-past seven o'clock—I shut the door quit safe—I returned at a quarter-past eight—I met Cole, and in consequence of what he said I hastened to the door, and put my key in—the moment I did that some one from within pulled it open, and three men came out—the prisoner was one—he had a gown of mine tied up in a handkerchief—he threw it into the ditch opposite, and Mrs. Scaife picked it up, and gave it me—this is it (produced)—the prisoner ran off, Mrs. Pluckrose caught him by the coat, and tore it—I went into the house, found the door had been opened with a key, my desk broken open, and papers scattered all over the place—I missed nothing but the gown—the chairs were put one on the other, and the bed was being rolled up—the prisoner was brought back to the house by the policeman—I swear he is one of the three that came out.





ELIZA PLUCKROSE.
 I am the wife of Thomas Pluckrose, and live next door to Mrs. Shead. On 25th March I saw her go to the door, and saw three men come out—I caught hold of one of them by the tail of his coat—the coat tore up, and he got away—I cannot say for a certainty that the prisoner is the man—the man that was brought back by the policeman was the one I had laid hold of.





ROBERT COLE.
 I live in Willow-walk. On this night, a little after eight o'clock, I went to Mrs. Shead's, knocked at the door, and got no answer—I looked through the window, and saw two men in the room—I went and told Mr. Mitchell and Mrs. Shead—while Mrs. Shead was putting the key into the door, the door was pulled out of her hand, and three men rushed out, and almost knocked her down—Mrs. Pluckrose laid hold of one of them by the cost—it tore, and he got away—I ran after him, and kept him in sight till he was stopped—Mitchell caught him—it was the prisoner.





THOMAS MITCHELL.
 I keep a beer-shop, at Barrett's-grove—Willowwalk is in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green. On this Saturday night cole came to me, and in consequence of what he said I went down to the house—I ran after a man with a torn coat, caught him, and delivered him to Bezley—the prisoner is the man.






MARY ANN SCAIFE.
 I saw one of the men throw this dress down—I picked it up, and gave it to Mrs. Shead.





THOMAS BEZLEY
 (policeman, H 84.) I received the prisoner in custody from Mitchell—his coat was torn up the back—I took him back to the house—there was the appearance of packing up to take things away.

Prisoner's Defence. I was in company with two men; I did not know where they were going; we went into this house, and as soon as we got in the people came.




GUILTY. Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.

