




804. 




CHARLOTTE CAMPBELL
 and 




JANE NEIGHBOUR
 were indicted for

 stealing 51 yards of ribbon, value 1l. 10s., the goods of 



John Hackman Brown; and that Campbell had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM BETCHLEY
. I am assistant to Mr. John Hackman Brown, draper, of No. 23, High-street, Aldgate. On Thursday afternoon, the 25th of Feb., the prisoners came into our shop together—I am sure it was these two—Campbell asked to look at some bonnet ribbon—I showed her some—I put the ribbon on the counter—it was in rolls, in boxes—Neighbour was by Campbell's side—they purchased two yards of ribbon, at 6 3/4 d. a yard, which they paid for—before I finished serving them, I left them for about two minutes to go to another part of the shop, to take change from another young man—I saw the prisoners leave the shop, and as soon as they were gone I received information from another person—I went after the prisoners and overtook them in Petticoat-lane—I asked them if them would step back with me to the shop—I touched them both, and felt two pieces of ribbon in Campbell's bosom—they turned and went back part of the way with me—as they went, I observed Campbell take the pieces of ribbon from her bosom, and hand them to the other—I know the pieces of ribbon produced—they are the property of my employer, and they were in the boxes—Neighbour took this piece of ribbon and threw it into a poulterer's shop—I still kept walking close by the side of the prisoners—I then saw Neighbour chuck this other piece of ribbon into a cellar—I then caught hold of her, and she dropped this other piece of ribbon—I picked it up—I let the prisoners go while I went and got the three pieces of ribbon—I✗ afterwards gave the ribbon to the policeman.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you know the prisoners before? A. No—I had not seen them that I am aware of—I do not know what they were—I let them go and went back to seek for the two pieces of ribbon—I did not know where the prisoners were gone—I will swear I did not give them these pieces of ribbon—I will swear I did not leave them there with the intention that they should take them—the lady who spoke to me is not here—I have been with Mr. Brown since November, and I lived with him in the country a year and a half—I had to go back some distance to pick up the ribbons—I could not pick them up directly, as she threw one into a poulterer's shop, and the other down a cellar—she dropped one, and I picked that up—there was a crowed there—the piece she threw into the cellar was worth about 9✗s.✗ and the one into the shop about 13s.


Cross-examined by
MR. BRIERLY. Q. Are you quite certain you saw Campbell pass anything at all? A. I am, Sir—I could see what it was—after parting with the prisoners, and picking up the ribbon, I saw them at the station-house in about twenty minutes.





THOMAS CUCKS
. I am a carpenter, and live in Gun-street, Spitalfields. At half-past four o'clock in the afternoon, on the 25th of Feb., I was in Petticoat-lane—I saw the witness Betchley and the two prisoners—he had hold of Neighbour's arm—I saw this piece of ribbon drop from Neighbour's person—Betchley stooped to pick it up—Campbell laid hold of Neighbour's arm, and the two of them struggled, and got away from Betchley—they took the first turning down a court, which had no thoroughfare—they returned, crossed Petticoat-lane, and through the new market—I saw them for about ten minutes, when I me a police-constable, and gave them into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Who asked you to interfere? A. No one at all—I was passing up there to my won house from Whitechapel—I saw Betchley pick up the ribbon—he was compelled to let Neighbour go through Campbell taking hold of her arm—I did not say before the Magistrate, "The young man picked up the ribbon, and let Neighbour go"—I had not been working for any one that day—I had worked on the Wednesday previous for Mr. Holland, in Vine-street—I had worked for him the last two months—I worked one month in Covent-garden Theatre, and one month in Bond-street—probably I might have told the Magistrate that Betchley let Neighbour go.





CHARLES KNACKSTON
 (police-constable H 209.) The witness Cocks gave me the prisoners in charge, and I took them to the station—they said they had no ribbon, they had none but this piece, which they had bought—I went to Mr. Browne's shop, and got these three pieces of ribbon from the shopman.





JOSEPH JAMES COLE
 (City police-constable, No. 564.) I produce a certificate of Campbell's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted 2nd Feb., 1846, and confined two months)—I was present—she is the person.

CAMPBELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.


NEIGHBOUR—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—



Confined Six Months.

