



744. 



ADAM HAY
 was indicted

 for stealing 5 yards of flannel, value 5s., the goods of 



Mark Mayhew.






SARAH MAYHEW
. I live with my father Mark Mayhew, in Richard-street, Limehouse. On Tuesday morning I was cleaning the doorway, there was five yards of flannel on the dining-room table, near the window—I saw the prisoner pass by close to the window, with his arm in a sling, and turn back—I then went into the house with a broom, and came out with a pail, to clean the door, the prisoner turned back to the next door, and stood still while I cleaned the step—I went in and missed the flannel off the table—it could be reached by a person putting his hand in at the window—I called out, "Somebody has stolen my flannel"—Mrs. Pitts said, "Run round the corner"—I ran and saw the prisoner with the flannel in his hand—I called, "Stop thief," and he dropped it—I took it up and gave it to the policeman.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you tell the Magistrate at the first examination you could not say it was me? A. No—I said I could swear to you—the prisoner had another person with him, when he first passed the window—(the witness's deposition being read agreed with her evidence.)





CAROLINE PITTS
. I live nearly opposite the prosecutrix, and am the wife of Joseph Pitts—I saw three men at the corner of the street—I heard the witness call out, and told her I thought the men had gone round the corner.





THOMAS WATKINS
. I apprehended the prisoner in Limehouse, and told him I took him on suspicion of stealing flannel—he denied it—on the way to the police-court, he said, "I will defy you to give me more than ten years"—I was before the Magistrate, and did not hear the witness say she did not know him.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you tell the Magistrate that both the women swore to me at the station? A. No, I said when I found Mrs. Pitts backward in coming forward, I was compelled to summon her—she refused coming till then—the prosecutrix recognized you at the station directly.

Prisoner's Defence. At the first examination she said she saw me and three more going by; she came back and saw me standing by the window, and another woman had seen me take this flannel out of window; she said she would not say it was me dropped the flannel, for there were three together, and their backs were towards her; at the next examination she swore to me, and said she did not understand before.




GUILTY
. *—


Transported for Seven Years.






THOMAS WATKINS
. I was present when the prisoner was convicted of house-breaking, and I had him in custody last Dec.
