



1336. 




CORNELIUS SULLIVAN
 was indicted

for unlawfully and feloniously cutting and wounding 



Randall Donovan, upon his head, with intent to do him some grievous bodily harm.


MR. HORRY
conducted the Prosecution.






RANDALL DONOVAN
. I am foreman labourer to Ditchburn and Mayor, of Blackwall. On the 8th of June, about half-past nine at night, I met the prisoner at the entrance of White Hart-place—he said, "You b—y in—I son of a b—h"—I said nothing to him—he came close to me—I put my hand to him and shoved him away, and said, "Be off from me"—I did so again, then went into my own house and sat down-there was a knock at the door in four or five minutes—my wife answered it—I heard him say to my wife, "Open the door, I want to see that b—y son of a b—b"—when I heard that, I went out—the prisoner came up close to the door, with his hand right clenched—I said to my wife, "Go in, he has a knife in his hand"—he was within six feet of me—I cannot swear I saw the knife, but thought so by the manner he held his fist—he was within six feet, and must have heard me say he had a knife—he came up close to the door—I shoved him from me—he came up to me again violently—I did the same again, to defend myself—I put out my hand—he laid hold of me-we both tussled and went to the ground together, and before we could get off the ground, I got a stab, and after that was senseless, and do not know what happened—I was in the act of getting off the ground at the time I received the blow—it was done with a sharp instrument—the prisoner gave me that blow—there was nobody but him near me—when I came to myself I was in doors, in my own house.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you know the prisoner before? A. Yes, he had been in the same employ as me he has several times threatened, in the street that he would have my b—y life—I had never done anything to him, or gave him any cause of quarrel—I have no idea why he should be angry with me—I had not discharged him—he left the work of hw own will—I was surprised at his treating mo so—I never asked what had offended him—I never use bad language—I swear I never abused him—my hand was open when I shoved him awary—I did it with the palm of my hand, perhaps not very gently—I did it twice—I did not fall with my forehead on the curb-stone, I am certain.





DONALD ROBERTSON
, I am a surgeon, and live in High-street, Poplar, On the 8th of June, about ten o'clock at night, I saw the prosecutor—he was very faint-the left side of his head and face were covered with blood-the back part of his head had an incised wound, penetrating to the bone, laying it bare—on the forehead was another wound an inch and a quarter long, merely dividing the skin—they were incised wounds—a clean cut done with a knife, I should say—they both bled—the one on the back of the head, considerably—they must have been made with a sharp instrument—the falling on the curb could not have done it.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite clear about that? A. Quite—I will undertake to say the corner of the curb-stone could not have done it,





JANE DONOVAN
. I am the prosecutor's wife—my husband came home about a quarter-past nine o'clock—a few minutes after, the prisoner knocked at the door—I opened it, and asked what he wanted—he used bad expressions, and said he wanted that vagabond of a husband—my husband came out of the kitchen, and asked what he wanted—he gave him great abuse—my husband told me to go in doors for he had a knife in his hand—the prisoner

was within hearing—a scuffle ensued, and they both fell on the ground—he had hold of my husband, who told him to let go several times—they had a second fall—he took hold of the skirt of my gown, and nearly pulled me to the ground, but a female got hold of me—he got hold of my arm after that, and pulled me severely—in pulling my arm from him, I struck my head against the wall, and lost my senses-when I recovered, I saw my husband bleeding, and being led into the house—a woman called out, "The man is stabbed"—I saw the wound in his forehead—I did not see the knife in the prisoner's hand.





SARAH COBURN
. I live in White-hart-place, Poplar. On the 8th of June I saw Sullivan—he said to me, "Do you know where Donovan lives"—I showed him the house, and when I came back I saw them both struggling together—they both fell on the ground—I saw a knife in the person's hand, and the blood, but did not see the blow—I cannot swear to the prisoner, but I saw the knife in the hand of the man who was struggling with Donovan.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you hear Donovan call the prisoner names? A. No—they appeared quarrelling—I was close to them, and have no doubt of the knife being in his band.





JOHN HABGOOD
 (police-constable K 109.) I took the prisoner on the night this happened—he had run into a stranger's house in White-hart-place, and hid himself in a cupboard—I said, "You must come with me"—he said, "I did not cut him with a knife"—I had not mentioned a knife—he said, "he fell on a curb stone, and that was the way his head was cut"—I did not tell him what I took him for, but there were a great many persons round the house talking about it.




GUILTY
. Aged 48.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

