



1084. 




JOHN BROWN, alias
 Bacon,

 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
2nd of March, at 
St. George's, 1 watch, value 16l.; 1 guard-chain, value 3l. 12s.; 2 watch keys, value 8s.; and 2 split rings, value 2s.,; the goods of 



John Thomas, in the dwelling-house of 



John Waters.







JOHN THOMAS
. I lodge at No. 34, Wellclose-square, with Mrs. Waters—her husband's name is John—the prisoner lodged in the same house—he came on the Saturday night before the 2nd of March, and left on Tuesday morning, the 2nd of March—the prisoner was in my company on Monday night—he slept in the room above me—I left my watch and guard on the drawers in my bed-room at midnight—the gold rings and keys were on the guard—I had left the prisoner on Monday about midnight—I did not fasten my door—I awoke in the morning about half-past six o'clock, and missed them—I found the prisoner was gone too—I went to the Mansion-house last Monday-week on ship's duty, and saw the prisoner brought up there in custody.





JAMES FAULKNER
. I am shop-boy to Mr. Wood, a pawnbroker in St. John-street, Clerkenwell. I have a silver watch, pawned by the prisoner, on the 6th of March, in the name of John Bacon, lodger, London-docks, for 3l.—I was present when he pawned it, but I did not take it in.





WILLIAM HENRY BAYFIELD
. I am a pawnbroker in Goswell-street—I have a gold-guard chain, which was pawned by the prisoner on the 4th of March, and on the 10th he came and had more money on it—he had 2l. in all.





JOHN BARKER
. I am a city policeman. I apprehended the prisoner, and found on him the two duplicates for the articles now produced.





JAMES FAULKNER

re-examined. One of these is the duplicate I gave.





WILLIAM HENRY BAYFIELD

re-examined. The other is what I gave.





WILLIAM LEIGH WOOD
. I am a policeman. I assisted in apprehending the prisoner.





THOMAS BELL
. About the 4th or 5th of March the prisoner applied to me for a lodging—I referred him to one, but the people were out—he left a watch in my hands, and I lent him money on it—it was not the watch produced—I know the prosecutor's house, it is in the parish of St. George.





JOHN THOMAS

re-examined. This watch is mine—it is worth 16l., also this guard-chain, it is worth 4l., and the rings about 30s. with the keys—the watch is a chronometer—I am a seafaring man—it was made fox me at Liverpool.

Prisoner's Defence. That watch belongs to me—I bought it and paid for it—it was made in Liverpool, as the witness says—I had two watches—if I could put my case back, I could call witnesses to prove it.




GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
There were four other indictments against the prisoner;
