




1603. 




THOMAS MATTHEWS
and 




GEORGE SMITH
were indicted for

burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Effingham Wilson, at 

St. Mary, Islington, on the 
23rd of May, about the hour of 2 in the night, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 23 spoons, value 15l.; 1 castor-stand, value 4l.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 1l.; 1 operaglass, value 10s.; 1 yinegarette, value 7s.; and 1 pair of spectacles, value 15s.; his goods.


MR. PRICE.
conducted the Prosecution.





EFFINGHAM WILSON.
I live at No. 19, Canonbury-square, St. Mary, Islington—it is my dwelling-house. On the night of the 23rd of May, after my servants had retired, I went round, about eleven o'clock, and saw all the external fastenings safe—the following morning, at six o'clock, my servants called me, and I found the house broken open—it had been entered by the back- kitchenwindow—the sash was thrown up, and the shutters cut, first having holes bored with a gimlet, and the bar removed—a gimlet had been first used to the shutters, and afterwards probably a knife, making a hole to put a hand in to undo the bar—I am quite sure the opening must have been made before five o'clock—we examined the cupboards and drawers in the kitchen—they had all been forced and ransacked, and every thing of value taken out—from the store cupboard in the kitchen, the plate basket, and all the plate was taken—several spoons, a castor-stand, and opera-glass, and other articles were gone—the things were strewed about the kitchen, and one candle was cut from a pound, and three parts burned, lying on the kitchen floor—the value of the property missing is 20l.—I believe I was the first person up.





SUSAN SWADLING.
I am the prosecutor's housemaid. I got up at six o'clock, on the morning of the 24th of May—the clock struck six after I called my master, as 1 was going down stairs—I had heard a noise on the stairs before I called my master, as I came out of my bed-room door—it must have been two or three minutes before six then—I knocked at master's bed-room door to ask if he was gone down stairs—he was in his room—I stood against the staircase-window, and saw two men running from the back of the house—it was the two prisoners, I am certain—I saw them go from the back-kitchen door down the garden, and get over the wall—they then crossed the garden of the next house, went over four or five walls, and I saw no more of them—Matthews was dressed as he is now—the other one was dressed different—it was quite light—I have not a doubt of them—I went down stairs with master and mistress, and found the house broken open—I missed all the plate which was in the cupboard—several spoons, a castor-stand, and other articles—I had seen it in the plate basket the previous night, between nine and ten o'clock—I found the plate basket quite empty behind the kitchen door—none of the property has been found—the drawers had all been opened, and the cupboards forced open—I saw a candle, apparently half burned, iu the kitchen, one had been cut off a pound that laid on the kitchen-dresser.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. Was the window shut when you looked through it? A. Yes—the garden is rather a long one—I had never seen the prisoners before—Smith was in a white smock-frock, and white hat.






HANNAH SEYMOUR.
I live in Canonbury-terrace. Mr. Wilson's wall comes even with our house—I saw the prisoners, on the morning of the 24th of May, at six o'clock, getting over Mr. Wilson's wall, coming as from the house—our house is five or six houses from the prosecutor's—I saw them very distinctly—they came towards me—it was a minute or two after six o'clock.

Cross-examined. Q. Where were you? A. In my bed-room, on the third floor—it is not a very high house—it is higher at the back than at the front—I had never seen the prisoners before—I was taken to see them by a policeman, and knew them—I have no doubt of them—Matthews had the same dress on.

Smith. The policeman brought the witness—the turnkey told me to walk round the yard with the other prisoners, and he said, "That is the man"—the servants did not notice me then, but in a few minutes the witness said, "I think that is him"—the turnkey said, "You must not think, you must be sure, " and she said, "Well, that is him." Witness. I had no doubt of him.





RICHARD BRADSHAW.
I am a messenger at the police-court t Bowstreet. On the 27th of May, I was sent after the prisoners, and found them at No. 19½, Collingwood-street, Shoreditch—Smith was lying on the bed with his coat off, and Matthews was standing by the window—I said to them, "I want you for a robbery on Saturday night last"—I put my hands into my pocket, took the handcuffs, and was going to handcuff Smith, as he laid on the bed—Matthews ran to the window, and threw it up—I left Smith, and went and seized Matthews—he threw himself out of the window—I held him by the collar, and told the constable to mind Smith—there were several other persons in the room—Matthews hung out of the window, and kept plunging and striking me, but I held him, and secured him—Smith was taken on another charge—I found this gimlet in the room—I went to Mr. Wilson's house, on the 27th, and examined-—I found the shutters perforated in several places by a gimlet, I tried this gimlet, which was found in the lodging—I believe it was done with that—I have not the least doubt of it—I found in the room this shirt, with the collar cut off—it has the appearance of a smock-frock.

Cross-examined. Q. How were the holes made? A. Bored close together across the grain, and then the wood split out—part of the marks of the gimlet would be forced away, but one place was rot taken out where I tried the gimlet—any gimlet of the same size would make these marks.





JAMES MILLER.
I am an inspector of police. I went to the, prosecutor's house, on Sunday morning, the 24th of May, and found two square holes in the shutters, and two pieces cut out—I have them here—I compared them with the shutters, and they fitted—several drawers and cupboards had been forced open—a hand had been introduced through the hole, and the bars removed—the hole was cut with a knife, after boring.





JAMES BENNTHALL GILL.
I am a policeman. I produce a knife, which I found on Matthews.

Smith's Defence. I am innocent—I have been very bad, but am not guilty of this.

M. PAYNE
called






WILLIAM RICHARD MATTHEWS.
I am a manufacturer of perfumes, and live at No. 4, Crown-street, Old-street-road. The prisoner Matthews

is my son—on Saturday night, the 23rd of May, he came home at a quarter past twelve o'clock—he slept in the attic—his two brothers slept with him—-the three brothers slept in the same room, but two brothers slept in the same bed with him—I was at home all that night, and my wife was at home—I did not see him till eight o'clock next morning—my room is on the floor underneath—it is a two-story house—kitchen, parlour, first floor, and attic—there is one room on a floor—I slept on the first floor—I was not disturbed in the night by any body going out—he came down to breakfast at eight o'clock next morning—I did not see him when he came home the night before, but I heard his voice at a quarter after twelve—at half-past five the next morning, there was a noise—the attic door appeared to be banging backwards and forwards—we had been disturbed with two children, who had a fever, on and off all night, and about half-past five I unlocked my bed-room door, and called out to know what that noise was, and Thomas answered they had been to bed with the front attic window open, without observing it, and that caused the door to flap about—he did not go out that morning, nor till four o'clock in the afternoon.

COURT.
Q. How do you know he slept with his two brothers? A. By answering me at half-past five o'clock—I am able to say they were sleeping there that night—William and James slept with him—1 heard him come home at a quarter past twelve o'clock—his mother let him in—she bad just got up to bed—I bad left her to fasten the door—she had not undressed herself, at least I think not—I am not positive whether she was undressing or was undressed—I was in bed—she was in the room when the knock came to the door—I had gone to bed first with a violent headache—I had been in bed about ten minutes—she was down stairs about a quarter of an hour before she came up again—she was arranging things which had been got in for the sabbath, and waiting for him—I cannot say what she was doing—she came up again and was seeing to the children that were ill, and in the mean time he came and knocked at the door—he was only out in his slippers—he had only been out a short time—I cannot exactly say how long, but he had only his slippers on—he had been with me all the evening and till about eight o'clock, when he left off work—I think he left me about eight o'clock—he was out from eight o'clock till a quarter past, twelve o'clock—I believe be was in and out, at least I understood so—I did not see him, being in and out myself on business—he had a red waistcoat on, a cap, and the coat he has got on now.

Q. How come you to recollect all the particulars of the night? A. By the noise in the morning part, and the children being ill—when I called out to them he said they had been to bed with the front window open, which made the door blow about—my other son, who was in bed in the room, is named George, and is about nine years old—he is not here—I thought him too small to bring—when the prisoner spoke about the window, William and James spoke too—they were all talking together—they were all awake—they said they had been very much frightened, and had very little sleep all night in consequence—they went to bed about eleven o'clock that night—I am sure of that—the prisoner works with me—my wife came down first next morning, and I next; James next, William next, and Thomas last—we breakfasted about half-past seven o'clock—we had nearly done when Thomas came down—I am positive he came down—he had bread and butter and tea for his breakfast—he sat by the side of the fire-place—he had no supper the night before, as he did not come in in

time—we all supped at home except him—all who I have mentioned were there that night—we supped at near eleven o'clock.





ELIZABETH MATTHEWS.
I am the wife of the last witness—the prisoner is our son—I remember the Saturday night before he was taken into custody—he came home that night at a quarter after twelve o'clock—it was after twelve o'clock, but I cannot exactly say the time—it was very little after twelve o'clock—I let him in and then fastened the door myself—I then retired—I slept on the first floor—he slept on the second floor—his two brothers James and William slept with him in the same bed—the younger one occasionally went to sleep with them if his brother did not come in—on this night he was in the same bed—we had three little ones lying in a bed in our own room—I have eight children—about six o'clock I heard Thomas answer his father—I saw him about eight o'clock next morning—he was rather dilatory in getting up, and he was the last down that morning—he came down without shoes, having occasion to clean his shoes—we breakfasted I suppose before seven o'clock, but I cannot say whether it was seven o'clock or not exactly—he came down about eight o'clock—we had done breakfast then, both me and my family.

COURT.
Q. How was it that you let him in at night? A. My husband was rather tired, fatigued in his business—I had gone up stain to bed, but came down, hearing the knock—I was out of bed—I had a light—I had been up in the room about half an hour when he arrived—we went up a little before twelve o'clock—I had undressed myself and I threw my gown over me to go down and I let him in—he had no supper when he came in—I had locked the parlour door and gone up—I was not down five minutes then—I saw urn go up to his own room—he had nothing at all—I suppose he had gone out at eight o'clock after left work—he was dressed in a blue surtout coat, a red waistcoat, a coloured handkerchief, and laceup boots, which he has on now—I noticed them when he came in—I said it was a very late hour to come home, and be said, "No, it is not late, for the shops are open yet"—the next time I heard of him was half-past five o'clock—I had two little ones lying ill with fever, and they cry for drink—I got up and got them drink—my husband awoke and said, "Dear me, what a noise those boys have been making all night, they quite disturbed me, " and he got up, opened the door, and called out, "What do you mean by disturbing me all night? "—Thomas answered, "Father, we have been all night with that window open, which made the noise, and William nor James won't get out to fasten it"—one is fifteen years old, and the other thirteen—they had been at home the night before and supped with us; Thomas had not—I know that William and James were awake that morning at half-past five o'clock—I did not go into their room—I heard both of them speak—I did not hear the little one—he was asleep in the bed—they were all four in one bed—I had been up in the room about half an hour before Thomas came home—my husband had gone to bed before twelve o'clock.

Q. How came you to be undressed and not gone to bed? A. We felt anxious at his being out—he never stopped out all night—I was waiting undressed for him—my husband was awake and saw me waiting for him, and he said to me, "There he is, knocking at the door, " and I went down, hearing the knock—my husband could see I was undressed—the prisoner works at home with his father.

MR. PRICE.
Q. How far do you live from Canonbury-terrace? A. I do not know—I have no idea of it—I do not know any thing of this shirt.






WILLIAM MATTHEWS.
I am the prisoner's brother. I was at home on the Saturday night before he was taken into custody—I went to bed at eleven o'clock—he was not at home then—I slept in the attic—James went to bed first—I came in afterwards—I and James slept in the same bed along with Thomas—Thomas came to bed that night, and he awoke me—he came into the same bed with me and James—my brother James went down first next morning—I heard my father call out to us in the morning, as the door knocked about—Thomas was in the room at the time—I went down to breakfast before Thomas—I am sure Thomas was not out of the room after he came in the night before.

MR. PRICE.
Q. What time did Thomas go down to breakfast? A. About eight o'clock—I got up about half-past seven o'clock, and left him in bed—I am an ebony ink-stand maker—I go to work at nine o'clock in the morning—I spoke to Thomas when he came home—he pinched me and said, "Are you awake, Bill? "—I said, "Yes"—he went to sleep, and I went to sleep—I do not know whether he was very tired—I did not ask him—he went to sleep directly—he had on what he always has, a blue woolly coat, and a red waistcoat—he was not dressed as he is now—he had a waistcoat, a cap, and the coat he has on now—I call that blue—it was about half-past five o'clock that my father called out about the noise in our room—I was first spoken to about coming here three days ago—my father spoke to me about it, and my mother—I do not think any body else has—I do not remember—I do not mean to say that other persons have not spoken to me about it, but I cannot recollect whether they have or not—my father said, "You must speak the truth, and nothing but the truth"—that was the first he said to me on the subject—I did not at that moment know what he was going to ask me about—that is three or four days ago—I cannot recollect the exact words he first said—I am sure he said something about the truth—he told me my brother had got into trouble—those were the words he used—that was about the second thing he said—I said I knew he was in bed, because the door was knocking about, and he kept pinching me, and we did not speak to one another, because we were frightened—I should say that was about three o'clock in the morning—I told my father it was about three o'clock, because we heard the vinegar-ground clock strike four, and five, and six, and seven o'clock—I did not sleep at all from half-past three till seven o'clock—I had gone to bed at eleven o'clock—I knew the time by being out for some dog's meat—that was my usual hour for going to bed on Saturday night—I leave off work about seven o'clock—I went to sleep directly after I went to bed—my brother Thomas awoke me about three o'clock by pinching me on the leg—I did not ask what he meant—I listened to the door, but I did not speak to him—I thought it was somebody breaking into the door, pushing it, but it was the wind, the garret window being open—nobody could get to the garret window to get in—he awoke me both at a quarter-past twelve o'clock. when he came home, and a little after three o'clock, when it was just peep of day—I was kept awake from three o'clock to seven by the banging of the bed-room door—it was banging all that time very loud, like any body shovingwith all their force—it is a small house—we occupy all the house—I did not get up and shut the door in the night—my brother did, when my father called out, "Thomas, what noise is that? "—I should say that was about half-past five o'clock—the door continued banging till seven o'clock, because the stool being against it, he did not shut it properly—I

did not attempt to shut it again—my brother shut the window, and that stopped it a little, bat it still went on banging—it made a little noise, not so much as when the window was open—my brother was awake all the time, till my father hallooed out to him about the door—we had no conversation during that time—we laid awake pinching each other—Thomas was awake all the time, and James too, from three o'clock till past seven—I kept writing on Thomas's leg with my fingers, meaning what I thought—I thought it was somebody breaking into the house—I thought I should call to my father to come out of the door, to know what it was, because I was frightened—neither of us called out to my father—my brother understood what I meant by writing on his leg—he pinched me to keep quiet—I did not say any thing to him, nor he to me—my other brothers did not speak at all to either of us—I know they were awake because they kept pinching me and I pinching them—James kept pinching me and Thomas too, and I pinched them in return, from three o'clock till half-past five—I was awake from three o'clock to seven, but Thomas went to sleep at half-past five o'clock, after be shut the door—I am quite sure we did not speak to each other—we spoke by writing—I did not go to sleep after half-past five o'clock—Thomas did—James did not—he was not asleep after three o'clock, the banging of the door did not awake Thomas again—it still kept moving about, but not so much—there was a lock to the door, but the staple of the lock was moved—it does not fasten—the street door fastens with a latch, a bolt, and a lock—it is very easily opened from the inside, anybody could open it and let themselves out, if the door was not locked, but the latch makes a noise when you open it—it would not make so much noise as the room door did all night—while the door was making a noise up-stairs you could not hear the door opening below—we all breakfasted together that morning about eight o'clock—my mother had breakfast before us about half-past six or seven o'clock—we all breakfasted together except her and my father, he breakfasted before us—Thomas, James, and I breakfasted together—I had bread and butter for breakfast, and I fetched my brother two eggs, one for him and one for me—Thomas had not an egg—he wanted a halfpenny one, but could not get it—my mother was present at breakfast—I had bread and butter and tea—we had done breakfast about nine o'clock—I did not go out when we had done breakfast—we had some work to do—my brother did not go out till four o'clock in the afternoon, nor did I go out either, because we were at work all together.

Q. What, on Sunday morning? A. Yes, at perfumery—James did not go out, nor my father and mother—neither of us went to church—I go sometimes—I did not go that day, because we had to work that day.

MR. PAYNE.
Q. How long before you brother went to sleep again, did your father call to you about the door? A. About a quarter of an hour—I went to Hatton-garden with my lather and James and my mother—I was not examined there—I was ready to be examined both times, if the Justice had examined me.

COURT.
Q. Were you before the magistrate when he was first there? A. No, I was afterwards—I did not state that this could not be, for my brother was in bed with me—they did not hear as—I went the second time.

Q. Then you heard of this before three days ago? A. Yes, I first heard of it the same night that my brother was taken, on the Wednesday—

he was taken out of Collingwood-street, about a quarter of a mile from us I heard—I had seen my brother the day before, and the day before that—he had slept with us every night, but this night I particularly remember—I remember every thing about that night—he arrived a little after twelve o'clock—he had no light when he came into my room—he got into bed without a light—he slept outside next to the door, James next to him, and then me—George slept down at the foot, that I am sure of—Thomas awoke me at three o'clock and at twelve o'clock also—I do not know whether James was awake or not at twelve o'clock—he did not speak to us—when my father called out, James said, "What is the matter? "—James was awake all the time from three o'clock, and he got up and said to my father, "What is the matter? "—my mother called him at half-past six o'clock—James and I did not say a word about the banging of the door—I am sure we had breakfast together—we waited breakfast till Thomas came down, and then sat down to breakfast together—we were doing about till then—James cleaned the boots, and we three sat down to breakfast—my father was there, and had an opportunity of seeing what we had for breakfast—James did not clean Thomas's boots—Thomas wore a pair of Blucher shoes that night—I could not see them at night, as it was dark, but in the morning his things laid at the head of the bedstead—I am sure he bad shoes, because his Wellington boots were locked up in the cupboard—my mother had locked them up the night before, that he should not go out, but do the work first—he had tie shoes—I spoke to my father and mother about this, and to Mr. Wooler, the solicitor—his clerk is here—he hat spoken to me on the subject, at Hatton-garden.





JAMES MATTHEWS.
I recollect the Saturday night before my brother was taken into custody—he slept at home that night in the same bed as me—he got up about eight o'clock—I was not awake when he came to bed.

M. PRICE.
Q. What time did you go to bed? A. About eleven o'clock—my brother William was not in bed then, he came to bed soon after I was in bed, soon after eleven o'clock—I was not asleep when he came to bed—he came to bed about an hour before Thomas—Thomas came to bed about twelve o'clock—he did not say any thing when he came to bed—I did not hear him tell my brother where he had been—I was not awake at twelve o'clock—I know he came to bed about twelve o'clock, because I was awake then—I was awake when he got into bed—I saw him—he had no light—I did not keep awake long after he came to bed, about half an hour—I did not talk at all during that half hour—neither of us did—not a syllable passed on either side, I will swear that—William asked Thomas what kept him out so late, and Thomas said that was nothing to him—William requested him not to be so saucy—I remember all that distinctly, and then some words passed—they did not get to fighting, but they were very near it—William told him to go to sleep and hold his tongue—there was a quarrel between them about a red waistcoat, Thomas told him to let the waistcoat alone.





MARY ANN WILLIAMS.
I sell things down in Petticoat-lane—I have been living by myself about three weeks, and Mary Ann Humphries came and asked me if I could make it convenient to let her and George Smith be at my place till they could get a place of their own—I lived at No. 19½, Collingwood-street at that time—that is where he was taken—on the 24th of May he went to bed at twelve o'clock—we had our supper—he and Humphries had been with me about three weeks then—it is a respectable house—I

had lived there about nine months—they are all working people that live in the house—I came home about nine o'clock that night from the Minories—Smith and Humphries were sitting by the fire—he asked if I would have some steaks—we had some steaks for supper, and he and Humphries went to bed about a quarter after twelve—it was Saturday night—they slept in the bed, and I had four chairs made up for me to sleep on—we had gone on in that way for three weeks before—I stopped up till about one o'clock mending stockings—I went to bed, and Smith got up at half-past seven o'clock in the morning, went down into the yard and washed himself, and the shoemaker who lives in the back room looked out and told him not to wash in the tub—I did not go to sleep till one o'clock—they were fast asleep when I went to bed—I got up about an hour before they did and lit the fire—I went to sleep about two o'clock—I heard Shoreditch chimes—I awoke about five o'clock in the morning, and got up about a quarter after six soon after Shoreditch bell went—Humphries and Smith were both in bed and asleep—I awoke them both, and asked them whether they would get up to breakfast—that was seven o'clock, and he got up about half-past, before she did, and went down and washed—she slept on the right, and he on the left—she slept next the door, next to me—I had my chairs made up by the side of her—he was at home when I came home about half-past nine o'clock, and had a cigar after supper, and a pint of ale, and a bottle of ginger-beer in it before he went to bed—Humphries drank with him—I had the same—we had the pint of ale and ginger-beer among us three—that was all—we talked about going to Woolwich by the steamer next day—I stopped up to mend a pair of white stockings, and when the prisoner went out in the morning he came home at one o'clock and went to the baker's and fetched the dinner home—he went to Woolwich after dinner—I believe he worked at a tobacco shop at Shoreditch—I believe he carried things about during the three weeks—I do not think he worked at the tobacco shop, but I never inquired—he used to go out in the morning and come home at night—I only know him by being with Humphries during the three weeks—she was my friend.

MR. PRICE.
Q. Did you talk about nothing but going to Woolwich? A. No, nothing the whole time, that I know of—I believe he smoked but one cigar the whole time.





MAT ANN HUMPHRISES.
On the morning of the robbery Smith was at home and in bed—he went to bed about a quarter before twelve o'clock—I did not get up till a quarter after seven o'clock—I recollect it perfectly—we were going down to Woolwich the morning the robbery was done—I slept with him that night—I have been in the habit of sleeping with him for the last three months at No. 19, Collingwood-street—not exactly three months, shorter than that, a month or so shorter—I am positive it is six weeks—we had a room in Rose-lane, and I lived with him before—Mary Ann Williams is a friend of mine—it was her room—we managed to make two beds in it—we made one on the floor—Mary Ann Williams slept on the floor—I think she slept in the bed that night—we all three slept together—Smith went out the same morning in his best clothes—I got up at half-past seven o'clock, as we were to go down to Woolwich that day—he went out for a walk that morning, and returned about ten minutes before one o'clock, and went to Woolwich about two o'clock in the afternoon—Williams got up first—Smith and I got up about the same time.

MR. PRICE.
Q. What did Mary Ann Williams say about the white

stockings? A. I do not recollect—I remember her sitting down to mend a pair—I believe she mended them in bed before she was dressed—the prisoner did not find fault with her for being so lazy, to my knowledge—I do not mean to say it was not said—he did not call her any opprobrious names—they did not abuse one another, to my knowledge—I will not swear they did not.

MATTHEWS—


GUILTY.Aged 18.—


Transported for Fifteen Years


SMITH*—


GUILTY.Aged 18.—


Transported for Life

