





228. 




THOMAS REDDINGTON
 and 




MICHAEL JENNINGS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
24th of November, 1 chair, value 8d., the goods of 



John Hargrave; and that they had been before convicted of felony; and 




CHARLES UNDERWOOD



 for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






WILLIAM VICTORY
. I live with my father, in New-street, Westminster, I was in Husband-street, St. James's, and saw Reddington take a chair that belonged to Mr. Hargrave—he gave the chair to Jennings, who carried it across the road to No. 2, Hopkins-street—Reddington went up Hopkins-street, and went away—it was between seven and eight o'clock in the evening.





ELEANOR HARGRAVE
. I am the wife of John Hargrave. I missed a chair like this on that day, but I have not sworn to this, it is so very frivolous—I do not wish to be hard on the boys.





JOHN WILLS
 (police-constable C 125.) I went to Underwood's, in Hopkins-street—he has an apartment there—I asked him where he got this chair from—he said some of the boys had brought it—he did not know what boys—I found it near ten o'clock in the evening.

Reddington's Defence. I was not out after five o'clock that evening, which my aunt can prove. The officer took me as I was going to bed, at half-past eleven, in my aunt's room. Victory is a thief. I was going down the Haymarket one night, and he asked me to pawn a handkerchief for him. I got 2s. on it. I did not see him that night, and I wanted something to eat; I spent a shilling, and the next morning I told him I had spent the money—I gave him the ticket.

Jennings Defence. I was not in the parish that night till ten o'clock.





GEORGE KEMP
 (police-constable N 82.) I produce a certificate of Jenning's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person.






JOSEPH MOUNT
 (police-constable C 115.) I produce a certificate of Reddington's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person.

REDDINGTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

JENNINGS—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.




Transported for Seven Years.

UNDERWOOD—


NOT GUILTY
.
