




1646. 




JAMES SIMPSON
 and 




JAMES SHANNON
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
29th of April, at 
St. Marylebone, 6 pairs of boots, value 1l. 13s., and 15 pairs of shoes, value 4l. 2s., the goods of 



William Jones and others, in the dwelling-house of the said 



William Jones; and that they had both been previously convicted of felony.






JAMES LAWSON
. I am a stable-man, and live in Wilstead-yard, Seymour-place, Marylebone. On the night of the 29th of April I was at a shoemaker's shop, in Crawford-street, and saw Shannon come out of Wilson and Jones's shop with a bundle of shoes in his hand—he went three doors on to the leather-cutters, and then the shoes fell down, and all tumbled about—Simpson spread an apron out, and put them into it—I gave information at the shop—I thought at first he belonged to the shop—the shopman came out, ran up, and collared both the prisoners—Shannon broke away from him, but before that he had put the shop-ticket down the area of a leather-cutter's—I am sure he is the man that came out with the shoes, and Simpson was helping him in the street.






GEORGE WATSON
. I am shopman to Alexander Wilson, William Jones, and another, of No. 84, Crawford-street, Marylebone—Mr. Jones lives in the house. In consequence of information from Law son, I ran into the street, and saw the two prisoners tying the shoes up in this apron, three doors off—Shannon got away—I am certain of him—I secured Simpson—inside there were six pairs of boots, and fifteen pairs of shoes—they had been the shop—I know them, they are marked, and are worth 5l. 15s. 6d.—a few minutes after Shannon was brought in—the shop-ticket was attached to them.





JOHN TURNER
 (police-constable D 39.) Simpson was given into my custody in the shop, with the boots and shoes—he said he did not steal them—I asked him where he lived—he refused to tell me, or give his name.





RICHARD BOURKE
 (police-constable D 70.) I was on duty at the end of Montague-square—I saw Shannon running, and stopped him—he was charged with stealing boots and shoes—he said he only picked them up from another man, that he might as well have them as anybody else.,

Shannon's Defence. Coming up Crawford-street, a man ran away and dropped the boots; Simpson was standing by them, and said, "Young man, assist me in taking these into the shop; "I said yes, and was helping him; the prosecutor laid hold of me; I was frightened, and ran away; a man called "Stop thief" after me, and I stopped; Bourke came up, and took me to the station; I did not say what he says.

MR. LAWSON
re-examined. Shannon took the shoes—I saw him run out of the shop with them.





JAMES BLOOM
 (police-constable E 98.) I produce a certificate of Shannon's former conviction from Mr. Gilby's office, the Clerk of the Peace for Westminster—(read)—the prisoner is the person—I was present at the trial.





RICHARD WALKER
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner Simpson's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.

SIMPSON*—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

SHANNON*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.




Transported for Ten Years.
