



886. 




MICHAEL HAGGERTY



, feloniously cutting and wounding 



Ellen Kale, with intent to murder her.—2nd and 3rd COUNTS, with intent to main and disable, and to do grievous bodily harm.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






KLLEN KALE.
 I live at 7, St. George's court, Bluegate-fields. On Friday night, 28th Jan., I was at the Lord Lovet beer-shop, with Julia Lyons—the prisoner came in and called me—I did not go, and he called me again, and said he only wanted to speak to me for a few minutes outside—I consulted with Lyons, and then went with him to the Duke of York, and had a quartern of rum there—we then went to another public-house, and had some beer and rum—about twelve o'clock he went home with me, and we went to bed together—I could not go to sleep, and in the course of the night he asked me if I could not go to sleep—I told him no, and he said he could not go to sleep—he went to sleep after that—I awoke about seven—I told him I wanted to get up and do my washing—we both went to sleep for a little while after that, and about a quarter-past eight I told him that two young women up stairs were getting up, and I must get up—he said something, but I can hardly recollect what—we had had no quarrel on the Saturday previous—he asked me what day it was—I told him Saturday—something was said about the word "goose," but I cannot recollect what—he stuck a knife into the front of my throat, which bled—I cried, out, "Murder!"—I told him, while my throat was bleeding, I would forgive him if he left off—he did not leave off—I cannot say what more happened, for I had no feeling—I did not faint, but I could not tell where he was stabbing me—he kept on stabbing me—after some time I called out for Catherine, the young woman who keeps the house; and he said, "What! not dead yet?"—a young man then broke open

to door—the prisoner was then just at the foot of the bed, trying to escape—I had some wounds at the back part of my person—when the door was broken open, he had hold of me by my hair, I think—the young man made sings to me to run out, and enabled me to escape—I was examined by Mr. Ross, a surgeon, and afterwards went to the London Hospital—I was there a fortnight all but a day—I tried to get the knife away from the prisoner while he was stabbing me—I was not able to do so—I held it—the last gash I got was on the arm.

Cross-examined by
MR. I'BRIEN.
Q. How long have you been acquainted with the prisoner? A. Better than four months—I have been in that house with him once before—we have frequently been in other houses—I had no quarrel with him that evening—he paid for the rum and a pint of stout between us—Lyons was not with us then—she did not go to the first public-house—I had seen the prisoner on the Monday night, and had something to drink with him—we were in another house for that night, and parted good friends—he was drank when I meet him this night, and when we went to this house of Hall's—we did not drink in bed—he got up in the night, went out into the court, and I think he was sick there.





CATHERINE HALL.
 I live at 7, St. George's-court. On Friday night, 28th Jan., the prosecutrix and prisoner came to my house and went to bed in the down-stairs room—I slept in the room immediately above them—there are but two rooms—between eight and nine o'clock on Saturday morning I heard Kale cry out, "Murder!" and say that her throat was cut—I had not heard any disturbance before that—I got up and went into the room—she was then on her face and hands at the foot of the bed with her chemise on—she was in the attitude of getting away from the prisoner, who was stabbing her on the backside—there was a good deal of blood on her—I went up stairs to tell a young woman who was with me, opened the window, and called "Murder!"—a young man going past burst the door open—he got a poker from next door, and staid till the policeman came—Kale escaped into the street—a knife was afterwards found in the room—I saw the prisoner's hand moving, as if in the act of stabbing.





WILLIAM TAPLIN
 (policeman, K 234.) On 29th Jan., about nine o'clock in the morning, I went to the house, and found the prisoner in the downstairs bed room—there were two men standing at the door—I observed some blood on the bosom and left sleeve of the prisoner's shirt, and on his hands—there was a large stain of wet blood on the foot of the bed, and another on the head—I asked the prisoner what he had been doing—he said, "I have had me b—y revenge of her for scratching my face and biting me last Monday night, and you can now do as you please."—I left him in charge of the two men, went to No. 9, and there saw Kale in her shift—both her shift and person were completely smothered in blood—I left her with Sergeant Townsend, and took the prisoner to the station.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you known the prisoner before? A. Yes, for the last seven or eight years—I always considered him a hard-working, quiet inoffensive man—he was a coal-whipper.





DANIEL ROSS.
 I am a surgeon, at High-street, Shadwell. On 29th Jan. I was called to 7, St. George's-court, and examined the prosecutrix—I found numerous wounds on her body—she was bleeding profusely from some of them—there were two superficial wounds on the right side of the head, one on the front, and rather to the right side of the throat, a deep wound on the back of the neck, a very severe wound on the upper right arm, penetrating to

the bone, one slight one on the right wrist, one on the fore finger, and one the second finger of the right hand, also slight wounds—there were two the back, below the shoulder bone, one on the left side, just over the rib not deep; a superficial wound on the little finger of the left hand, dividin the nail; one between the thumb and fore finger of the left hand, three the left shoulder, and one at the upper part of the same shoulder, all very deep wounds, and four very deep on the lower part of the loins, amounting altogether to twenty-two wounds—there was no danger—they were all fleb wounds—no important part was wounded—she was greatly exhaused at the time from loss of blood—I afterwards had her removed to the hospital—the wounds healed kindly—it is impossible to say whether any of them might have occasioned lock-jaw—sometimes a most trifling wound will do that—have seen lock-jaw produced from a prick of the finger—the wounds her hands might have been occasioned by her hands coming in contact with the knife in struggling—the wounds on the haunch and shoulder could not the deepest wound was rather better than two inches.





EDWARD EANDERER TOWNSEND
 (police-sergeant, K 8.) On Saturday morning, 29th Jan., I went to St. George's-court, and found the prisoner them with Taplin the constable—I searched him, and found on him 3 1/4d.—I found no knife on him—I found this knife (produced) in the room with the handle broken, between the sacking, on a box under the bed—on more closed searching, I found at the foot of the bed the blade of a knife, which fits the handle, stained with blood—on the inside of the bed I found another portion of the handle, and between the bedstead and the window a portion of the iron of the back of the handle—putting them together they make a knife—took the shift that Kale had on—it was covered with blood, and had a grass many cuts in it—I afterwards saw the prisoner at the station, showed him the knife, and asked him if it was his—he hesitated, then said it was not, he knew nothing of it.
(



William Jacobs, a foreman coal-whipper; and 



Owen Matthews, a foreman ballast-heaver; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY

on 2nd Count. Aged 28.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosscutrix.—


Transported for Ten Years.

