



470. 




JOHN TINDAL, alias
 Mapton

, was again indicted

 for stealing 2 cloaks, value 10s.; and 1 shawl, 1s.; the goods of 



Samuel staples; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






AMELIA MAY
. I am servant to Mr. Staples, an architect and surveyor, of Newman-street. On the 26th of Nov., in the morning, there was a ring at the bell—I went to the door, and saw the prisoner—I am quite certain of him and swear to him—he asked if Mr. Staples was at home—I said yes, he was, but not up—he said he was sorry, for he was to have called the night before, from No. 56, High Holborn, for some footing—I said he had better call again, as Mr. Staples was not up—he said he did not know what to do; he should get into disgrace if he went without it—I said he had better call again—he hesitated a few minutes, and I asked him to walk in and wait a little while—he said.; I will wait a little while"—he walked into the hall, and I gave him a seat—I went into the kitchen, came up again, and found him still there—I back into the kitchen again. And in about two minutes I heard the street door slam—I went up, and the prisoner was gone—I missed the cloaks out of the hall, which I had seen there the night before—it was their regular place.

Prisoner. Q. Can you swear I am the man? A. Yes—I cannot exactly say on what day it was—I have not said it was the 26th of Dec.





SAMUEL STAPLES
. I keep the house. On the 26th of Nov. I came down stairs, and missed two cloaks which had hung on a peg in the hall between ten and eleven o'clock the night before—the doors of the house were locked at that time—I know nobody at No. 56, High Holborn—there was no footing to be called for.

Prisoner's Defence. I can bring witnesses to prove I was never out of my bed at nine o'clock in the morning in Nov.; I never go outside the door before ten or eleven in the day, and am innocent of the charge brought against me.





WILLIAM MARSH
 (police-constable P 192.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from Mr. Clarke's office—(read—Convicted March, 1846, by the name of John Mapton, and confined six months)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
