



1080. 




GEORGE THOMPSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of February, at 
Woolwich, 3 watches, value 9l.; 22 spoons, value 6l. 17s.; 1 buckle, value 1l.; 2 pair of sugar-tongs, value 1l. 10s.; 1 watchchain, value 1l. 10s.; 1 seal, value 1l. 10s.; 2 watch-keys, value 1l.; 1 bag, value 1d.; 1 guinea, 1 crown, 8 half-crowns, 20 shillings, and 9 groats, the property of 




Edward Burch, in his dwelling-house.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARIES BURGESS GOFF
 (police-constable L 31.) On Friend the 4th of February, the day that the king of Prussia was about to embark from Woolwich I was sent by the commissioners down to Woolwich in plain clothes—I was at the Bell public-house, at the Water-gate, at Woolwich, about four o'clock in the afternoon—I went up stairs in search of a person, and took hold of the handle of the first door I came to on the right hand side of the stair-case as I went up—it was closed—I observed two persons standing on the landing to the left of that door—I knew them both by sight—neither of them was the prisoner—one of them said something to me—I partly opened the door, and saw a bed to the right—I was in the act of pulling the door to again, when one of the persons made the observation to me, saying he had made a mistake—I then went into the public room directly opposite the bed-room—I merely looked round—I had to close the door after me to do so, to see who was there, as the door opened into the middle of the room—I then came out again—on again coming to the landing there were no persons standing at the bed-room door—the two men I had before seen, appeared to me to be coming into the refreshment-room—in consequence of suspicions I entertained I went and gave information to the landlord, who went up stairs—one of the men I had seen came down stairs and went out—I then heard the cry of "Thieves," and something else—I could not catch the other word—upon that I gave information to a constable outside to go into the house while I went after the person who went out—I followed the man I had seen come out, and took him into custody, also two others, but I afterwards found I was mistaken in one, and he was let go at the station-house—he was a respectable man living in Woolwich-upon the person of the man that I saw go down stairs was found a gold watch-chain, key, and some money, but having no reference to this case-after being taken before a Magistrate he was discharged, and the other two as well—one was permitted to go on his own recognizance.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You were fined by Mr.

Groves for your conduct in the transaction? A. No—I was not fined, but I put some money into the poor-box at the suggestion of the Magistrate—the person I had suspicion of did not turn out to be a highly respectable gentleman, the son of a county Magistrate—there were two taken up at my instigation—one was Mr. Cohen—he was discharged at the station-house—he was not charged at all—he was kept at the station three or four minutes—at the time I took hold of the bed-room door I supposed it to be the refreshment-room—it was the first room you arrive at in going up stairs—I did not see the prisoner there at all.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You took a gentleman into custody by mistake? A. Yes, named Hurry—he turned out to be the son of a Magistrate—he went to the commissioners to complain of my having taken him into custody—he left a letter there stating that if I found I was mistaken, and made an apology before the Magistrate, and put something into the poorbox, whatever Mr. Grove might think fit, he should be satisfied, and accordingly by Mr. Grove's direction I put 10s. into the poor-box.





EDWARD BURCH
. I keep the Bell public-house at the Water-gate, Woolwich. On Friday afternoon, the 4th of February, about four o'clock, I received information from Goff, in consequence of which I went up stairs to my bed-room door, which is on the right-hand side, and about three steps from the top—it was open—I met the prisoner at the door, coming out of the room—I had locked the door two hours before—the plate was kept there, but the spoons in the knife-case were moved by my wife—when I last saw them safe, they were in the knife-case in the bed-room—there was a chest on a chest of drawers having eight drawers in it—the prisoner was at the door which was half open—I took hold of his collar with each hand, and called "Murder! thieves!"—my wife and servant ran up stairs and took hold of the prisoner—a man's arm then came out of the room—I did not see the man, because the door was on the jar—he came and hit me in the mouth, and tried to knock me down stairs—that was when my wife was coming upstairs before she got up—he hit me on the chin—it did not hurt me (after I had locked the bed-room door I gave the key to my wife) my wife and the servant-maid scuffled with the prisoner—one took hold of one collar, and the other of the other—I went into the bed-room and found all the things pulled off the bedstead on to the floor, bed and all, and all the drawers open but two—I missed my watches, which I had seen in the drawers that day or the day before—we had twenty-two spoons—we found five of them again—a man picked them up on the stairs and brought them to me—I missed two pairs of sugar-tongs, fifteen tea-spoons, a pair of saltspoons, an old guinea, 2l. worth of silver, and several pieces of old coin, but I do not know what—I produced the five table-spoons before the justice—the moment I got to the room-door and found the door open, I found the prisoner coming out—the drawers were all unlocked but two, and I could not lock them again with the key—they had been picked—these five spoons now produced are five of the spoons which were in my bed-room that afternoon.

Cross-examined. Q. How soon after the policeman made a communication did you go up? A. Not a minute after—I asked my wife for the key, and ran up as fast as I could—the prisoner was about twelve steps from the door when I first saw him—the door was on the jar, just as the other man had let him out—the man's arm hit me on the chin after I laid hold of the prisoner—the prisoner had just come out—it was an arm that came

from between the door and door-post, and it struck over the prisoner's left shoulder—I dare say I should know the arm again.





MARY BURCH
. I am the prosecutor's wife—I remember my husband going up stairs on Friday, the 4th of February—shortly after that I heard a cry of "Thieves, murder"—I immediately went up stairs, followed by Ann Hayley, a young woman in our employment—she passed me on the stairs—I found my husband wrestling with the prisoner—Ann Hayley caught hold of the prisoner with myself—my husband, after giving him up to us, went into the bed-room—I was on the right-hand side of the prisoner—in struggling with him, I heard the sound of silver, or something broken—I could not discern which it was in the dark—it fell from his person—there was nobody else near enough for it to have fallen from—these five silver spoons are my husband's—we have had them four years—my husband had given me the key of the bed-room between ten and eleven o'clock in the day, at which time I put these spoons away between the bed and the mattrass—there is a dent in the bowl of one by which I know it—we lost a pair of salt-spoons, fifteen tea-spoons, and three watches—the spoons were in two separate drawers—two watches were in one drawer, and one in another—we lost seventeen spoons besides these, these five make up the twenty-two—the watches are worth 9l.—a seal, a watch-key, and silver buckle were lost, also a coin, a guinea, a crown-piece, several halfcrowns, and some fourpenny-pieces.

Cross-examined. Q. You say the noise you heard in the struggle resembled something falling or breaking? A. Yes, it sounded something like silver—I did not see anything fall—I had hold of him on the righthand side by the collar—Hayley had hold of the collar as well, as far as I know, my husband was looking for what he had lost—there were several people in the house—the prisoner was taken into custody—he did not get out of the house.





ANN HAYLEY
. I was in the service of the prosecutor. About four o'clock on Friday afternoon, I heard my master call out from up-stairs—I immediately ran up and saw the prisoner come out of the bed-room—my master was in the bed-room at that time—I caught the prisoner by the collar as he was rushing down stairs—my mistress was with me—she did the same by the other side of his collar—the bed-room door is two Stairs down from a large landing which goes from the bed-room to the refreshment-room—you get to the bed-room before you get to the top of the landing—the prisoner was on the stairs when I got up—I saw him come out of the threshold of the bed-room door.

Q. Then you did not see him come out of the door? A. Yes, I did—we struggled down stairs with him—he was very resolute—further assistance came, and in the struggle I suppose the spoons fell—I did not see them drop—I heard them fell on the stairs—there was nobody near enough for them to have fallen from but the prisoner—the prisoner, my mistress and me, were the only persons on the stairs at the time—I am positive the spoons fell where we were struggling together—these are the spoons—I can identify this one that is dented.

Cross-examined. Q. Which stair were these spoons found on? A. I believe it was the fifth—I did not see them found—it was about four stairs from the bottom that I heard them fall—I did not go up stairs till I heard the cry of "Thieves, murder"—I saw the prisoner come out of the bedroom—I have no doubt of that—I did not see him shut the door after him

—I cannot say in what state the door was, for I was in such confusion—he was not on the top of the stairs when I went up—he was not a considerable distance from the door when I went up—he was running down stairs from the room—when I first saw him he was upon the threshold, half in and half out of the room—I am certain of that.





BENJAMIN PORTMAN
. I live at Greenwich. On Friday afternoon the 4th of February, about four o'clock, I was in the Bell public-house—I heard the cry and ran up stairs, and about four stairs up I found the prisoner running down stairs, and cries of "Murder, thieves, thieves!"—he had got away from the women—I laid hold of him by the hair of his head—I am sure he is the man—he said, "Let me go," and made a blow at me—I heard a sound on the stairs, but saw nothing fall.

Cross-examined. Q. That was after he had escaped from Mrs. Burch and the servant? A. Yes—I did not hear the something fall very distinctly—it was when he was struggling with me that I heard it fall—I was not far from the women.

COURT. Q. What was it you heard? A. A sound on the stairs—what it was I cannot say—it was like a china bason falling—I did not look to see what it was.





GEORGE SULLIVAN
. I am a ship's conductor, and live at Greenwich. I was at the Bell public-house on Friday, the 4th of February, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, and heard cries of "Thieves" and "Murder"—I went up two or three stairs, and saw Portman there—he was before me, and had hold of the prisoner by the hair of his head—I took hold of him, and saw some spoons fall, some table-spoons, I suppose—I should consider they fell from the prisoner—there was nobody near enough from whom they could have fallen but the prisoner—I brought him down, and delivered him to the policeman, and I got a knock over the left eye into the bargain.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you lay hold of him after he had escaped from Portman? A. Portman had hold of him by the hair of his head, and I laid hold of him by the right hand—Portman went first—I saw something fall—I cannot say it was five spoons, but I saw some spoons fall, and sung out, "There are the spoons fallen"—on my oath, I did see some spoons fall—I cannot say at what part of the stairs I was—I did not see the spoons afterwards lying on the stairs.

Q. As you saw them fall, where did they fall from? A. Why, from the prisoner, I should suppose, he would not have made use of an observation which he did, unless he was a guilty man—I saw the spoons fall—I do not say they fell from the prisoner—they fell on the stairs, higher than I was—I was below the prisoner—I saw them drop—I do not know exactly where about—I did not measure the distance—I navigate ships up and down the Thames, and have done so for ten years—I navigated one last Saturday—I live at Wood-wharf, Greenwich—I am not a waterman.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know any thing of the prisoner? A. Nothing—I never had any quarrel with him.





WILLIAM ROMAIN
 (police-constable L 38.) I was at the Bell public-house on the Friday afternoon, about four o'clock, and the Prisoner was handed over into my custody—Mrs. Burch accused him of robbing her—she said he was in the bed-room—she said so in the passage—her words were, that he had robbed her, for she had found him in the bed-room—the

prisoner said he had made a mistake, he thought it was the refreshment room—I received charge of the spoons, and have produced them.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you search the prisoner? A. Yes, and found on him eleven shillings and five pence halfpenny, a knife, and a purse—I am positive Mrs. Burch said she had found him in the bed-room—she said be was in the bed-room.

Q. Then it is a mistake that she used the term "found him?" A. She said she had found him in the bed-room when she went up stairs with her husband.





CORNELIUS FOAY
 (police-constable H 98.) I was in the neighbourhood of the Bell public-house when the cry of "Murder" and "Thieves" took place—I ran to the house, and saw the prisoner on the stairs, and Sullivan having hold of him—they were struggling together, about three stairs from the bottom—I saw some spoons on the stairs like these, and I picked up a watch-key on the stairs at the same spot—the prisoner and Sullivan were nearly close to the stairs where I saw the spoons lie—nobody else was as close, except Mrs. Burch and Hayley—I found the things all thrown about in the bed-room.





WILLIAM RICHARD HARVEY
. I was at this house on Friday, the 4th of February, and saw the prisoner coming down stairs, and Mrs. Burch and Hayley had hold of him—I heard something fall about half way down the stairs—the prisoner, Hayley, and Mrs. Burch, were about half way down the stairs at the time, at the same spot—there was no person near enough to have dropped the spoons where I saw them, but the prisoner, Mrs. Burch, and Hayley—there was no one on the stairs but myself, the prosecutrix, the prisoner, Hayley, Foay, Portman, and Sullivan—there were three or four other persons on the stairs besides Mrs. Burch and the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you find the spoons? A. About half way down the stairs, the whole five—there are about eighteen stairs—they were nearly at the bottom, rather better than half way down stairs—I did not count the stairs.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was there any one near enough for the spoons to have fallen from, but the prisoner and the two women? A. No—they must have come from one of the three—I took the spoons up into the bed-room, and gave them to Mr. Burch.





EDWARD BURCH

re-examined. I did not give them to the constable—the officer went from the station for them—they are the same five spoons—they were given to me by Harvey—this watch-key is mine—it had been in the chest of drawers.





WILLIAM ROMAIN

re-examined. I was present during the whole of the examination before the Magistrate—the whole of it was taken in the prisoner a presence—after it was over the prisoner was asked if he had any thing to say—he made no answer.

Cross-examined. Q. He was attended by a professional person? A. Yaes.




GUILTY of Stealing the Spoons. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Coltman.

