



965. 




WILLIAM CHAFEY
 was indicted

for feloniously forging and uttering, on the 
10th of Feb., an acquittance and receipt for the payment of 1l. 1s., with intent to defraud 



John Reeves.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES CHANTRT
. I am secretary to the Royal Jennerian Institution, and reside in Orchard-street, Hackney—I have known the prisoner for many years—he was our collector up to the 12th of Dec, 1844—he was then discharged, and Mr. David Hine succeeded him—it had been his duty as collector to receive subscriptions, and to endeavour to obtain new subscribers—our institution is for the purpose of distributing vaccine matter, and to vaccinate all who apply to the institution—we had a set of regular subscribers—the prisoner would have a report in his possession, containing their names—he was paid a per centage on his. collections formerly, and 12s. a week, as all his time was occupied; but latterly he was only engaged in collecting—he had no authority to receive subscriptions since Dec. 1844—Mr. Reeves has been a subscriber of ours for many years—no subscription of his has been paid to me by the prisoner since Dec. 1844.—I received none in Feb. 1846—this card (looking at one affixed to the receipt) is not a card authorized by the institution and this receipt is not one authorized by us, it is quite a different form—I produce one of the forms we use, and which the prisoner was in the habit of using when he was collector—I know Mr. Hine's signature—I do not believe

the signature to this receipt to be his—I know the prisoner's writing, and I believe the body of this receipt to be his handwriting—I cannot swear to the signature being his.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long have you been the secretary? A. Between seven and eight years—the prisoner was collector for upwards of twenty years—the institution is conducted by a board of managers consisting of twelve—one of them has a rope wharf—he is not a ropemaker—one is a chemist and one a tailor, and Dr. Epps is one—we have two stations for vaccination—there is another institution, a government one—we have never represented ours as the government institution, nor pretended that we had a great many stations, for the purpose of getting money—I never heard of such a thing and do not believe it—I was a schoolmaster at Watford before I became secretary to this institution—I left there twenty-three years ago—I have since then held another situation for twenty-two years, as school-master at Hackney—I understand that the prisoner was thrown out of a gig while he was in the service of the society—he is crippled—I do not know whether his lameness proceeded from that circumstance or another—after he was discharged he stated that a sum of 41l. was owing to him—I have not seen him since his dismissal—he sent in an account for 41l. by his wife—I never heard him say, that as I would not pay him what was owing to him, he would collect the subscriptions and pay himself—I swear I did not hear him say so—I believe he was a very active collector, and that he advanced the interests of the institution as far as laid in his power—his brother is a life governor—the prisoner is brother to Mr. Chafey, the auctioneer, at Brighton—I do not know of his getting 500l. from a lady of title—500l. was bequeathed to the society by a Mrs. Wakefield, but I do not know that the prisoner was instrumental in that—it came through another medium—we had sent out letters to the subscribers stating the prisoner's dismissal.

Q. Did not you know that be meant to collect before you sent out those letters? A. We might suppose that he would do such a thing, but we could not know he meant to do it—I did not know it—it is usual to send out letters to apprize the subscribers of the change in the collector—we only stated, that from irregularities in our former collector we had dismissed him, and begged the subscribers not to pay him—this is the letter that was put out.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Had the prisoner any connection with the 500l.? A. No—the lady subscribed previous to that, and he received her subscription, but the 500l. was a legacy, and came through Mr. Trimmer—the national institution does not bear our name—it is called the National Vaccine Institution, and is supported by government—this receipt does not bear the name of that institution, it bears the name of our institution—his commission on the 500l. was the chief item he claimed, but the amount he claims for legacies from the commencement of the institution amounts to considerably more—he claims a commission on a legacy of 25l. of Mr. De Rosa, which was left fifteen years previously—I do not know of his making any claim on that account before he left—the 500l. was left about 1838 or 1839—the prisoner left in Dec, 1844—no claim was made with regard to that 500l., or any part of the 41l. previous to that time—when he was dismissed he was a defaulter—he acknowledged having received several sums—he deducted those from what he said was due to him, leaving a balance of 41l.—that was after he was dismissed.





JOHN REEVES
. I reside at Clapham—I have been for many years a regular subscriber to this institution—on the 10th of Feb. the prisoner called at my house, about a quarter-past three in the afternoon—he sent in a card similar to this—I went out to him in the hall, and asked him if he had a receipt—he produced one, signed the name of Hine, I gave him a sovereign and 1s., and he left the house—within a quarter of an hour after he was gone,

Mr. Hine, the regular collector, called, and I said I had just paid the money—I believe this is the receipt the prisoner gave me.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you been a subscriber? A. About seven years—I had paid the prisoner several times before—I had received a circular from the office not to pay the prisoner, but I did not recognize him at the moment, as he had sent in the card with Mr. Hine's name on it—I was at dinner at the time.





DAVID HINE
. I am the present collector to this institution—on the 10th of Feb. I called at the house of Mr. Reeves—he told me he had paid the money, and gave me this card and receipt—this is not a card which I am in the habit of carrying—I know nothing about it—this "D. Hine," on it, is a forgery, and the "D. Hine" on the receipt is a forgery—it is not mine—I did not authorise anybody to sign it—I have been the collector for a year and a quarter.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know the prisoner? A. No—I never saw him till he was in custody—I was not at all acquainted with the institution before I was collector to it—I was never instructed to clash our institution with the government institution, in order to get subscriptions—my business is only to collect.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Do you know anything of the other institution? A. Nothing—there is no Mr. D. Hine, collector to that institution, that I know of—I know of no D. Hine but myself.
' JEREMIAH LOCKERBY (police-constable S 180.) From a description I had of the prisoner, I apprehended him on Wednesday, the 4th of Feb.—I asked if his name was Chaffey—he said no, it was not, and asked why I asked him such a question—I told him I was a policeman, and that I apprehended him on suspicion of forgery—he said he had committed no forgery—I asked him if he had ever been a collector to an institution—he said no, he had not—I felt convinced that he was the man, and I took him to the station—he then gave me this document, and said, "I suppose this is what you mean, the Vaccine Institution; I am an innocent man; they owe me 41l., and I will let the public know it"—I searched the prisoner, and took two other papers from him—I found some receipts—I also searched his lodgings, and found this receipt-book, some papers, and a quantity of books—these are the same sort of forms of receipts as the one in question—I asked him if be lived at No. 41, Clarendon-square—he said he did not—he afterwards admitted that he did live there.

Cross-examined. Q. It was fifty-one was it not? A. Yes—he handed me this paper marked A at the station-house, and said, "I suppose this is what you mean, the London Vaccine Institution; this will prove they owe me 41l."—he also gave me this paper marked B—I kept all the papers I found upon him—he said he would let the public know he was an innocent man—two more constables were present when I searched his lodgings, and his wife—he was not there—he was at the station-house.

COURT. Q. What is the name of the person that keeps the house? A. I do not know—the landlady told me the part he lived in, and the wife also. Receipt read—"Royal Jennerian and London Vaccine Institution. Received this 10th of Feb., 1846, of John Reeves, Esq., the sum of one guinea, being a subscription for the year 1846. D. HINE, collector."—The paper marked A was an account of commissions on various sums, with deductions, leaving a balance of 41l. 0s.6d.—the paper marked B was as follows: "We understand that a regular hoax is attempted to be carried into effect in this and other countries, by a company pretending to invest individuals not of the faculty, with a diploma for promoting vaccination, deputing an agent to collect subscriptions,

for what purpose is best known to themselves, and to receive 12s. 6d. for the grant of each diploma, not recognised by Dr. Jenner, not patronised by government, or the Royal College of Surgeons"—upon the card was "I) Hine, collector to the Royal Jennerian and London Vaccine Institution."

MR. CHANTRY
re-examined. Mr. John Henry is one of the managers of the Institution—there are twelve on the board.





JEREMIAH LOCKERBY

re-examined. I have not kept back any papers that I found upon the prisoner—they are all in court—I have two newspapers that I took from him—he said there was an advertisement in them, containing some remarks against him by the company.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Ten Years.

