




368. 




JOHN PAYNE
 and 




WILLIAM MASLIN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
4th of Jan., 4 trusses of hay, value 10s.; 30lbs. weight of hay, 1s. 6d.; 2 bushels of split beans and oats mixed, 4s.; and 3 1/2 bushels of oats; the goods of 



James Tilyer and another, their masters: and that Payne had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM ENGLAND
 (police-constable T 170.) I was watching the prosecutors' premises, on the 4th of Jan.—I saw the two prisoners very busy about a wagon which was going out, and going backwards and forwards from the stable to the wagon—the officer, Mitchell, came up his beat, and the prisoners came to the gate, and watched him away—directly he was gone, Maslin led two horses out in front, and Payne drew the wagon out with one horse—they then hitched the two horses on, and were proceeding on—we stopped the wagon, and found 30lbs. of clover hay on the front of it—my brother officer told me to take the prisoners, and Payne ran away.





WILLIAM DANIEL MITCHELL
 (police-constable T 167.) I was with England—we were watching Mr. Tilyer's premises—I found five trusses of meadow hay on the top of the straw, on the wagon, and two bushels of split beans and oats mixed, down between the straw.





JAMES TILYER
. I am a farmer, and live at Harmondsworth—my brother is in partnership with me—the prisoners were in my employ—they had a right to take one truss of hay with that load—the other four trusses they had no right to, and the clover hay and the beans they had no right to touch—Maslin has only been with me since Michaelmas—he went out with horses every day—he must have known what ought to have been taken.





SPENCER CHADWELL
. I produce a certificate of Payne's former conviction, by the name of George Payne—I got it from the clerk of the peace at Aylesbury—(read—Convicted on the 19th of Oct., 4th Vict.)—the prisoner is the man.

PAYNE—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.


 MASLIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.






Confined One Month.

