



2209. 




WILLIAM TAYLOR
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of August, 2 breast-pins and a chain, value 20s., the goods of 



Frederick Hislop Brown, from his person.






FREDERICK HISLOP BROWN
. I went to Camberwell fair on the 18th of August—I had two shirt pins and a chain in a scarf round my neck—I

met Mr. Chappell, and a person named Boyd, whom 2 knew—I was walking down the fair between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, and met the prisoner—my friend told me he had taken my pins—I turned and took hold of the prisoner—he shook hands with me, and said he was a gentleman, I was one, and we would go out of the fair, and settle it—I have never seen my pins since.

Prisoner. Q. What did you say to me? A. I accused you of taking my pins, and you said, "Come out and settle it," or words to that effect—you might have gone about three feet from me—I believe you said you had not got them.





ROBERT COOPER CHAPPELL
. I was walking with the prosecutor—I saw the prisoner walking before us—all of a sudden he turned, and passed us on the left, and as he did that, he took the pins from my friend's scarf.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see what I did with the pins? A. No—you went a few feet and your back was towards me.





MARIA RAYNER
. I was at the fair—I saw the prisoner come past the prosecutor—he had a piece of silk handkerchief, or a whole silk handkerchief in his hand—he lifted his hand and took the pin and put it under the handkerchief.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me do that? A. Yes, I was behind you—I did not see what you did with it—the prosecutor said, "Excuse me, sir, you have taken my pin," and you said if he would go out you would settle it—I did not hear you say he had better go to the officer—you said, "I am a gentleman, and so are you."

Prisoner's Defence. In the bustle and hurry of a fair, it is hardly possible the witnesses could distinguish me taking the pin, or that they should not mind what I did with it, as they admit I did not go more than three feet from him—I am a stranger in London.

MR. BROWN (re-examined.) There were six or seven persons rushed in and tried to rescue him.




GUILTY
.† Aged 32.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

