




313. 




JOHN GREEN
 and 



ANN GREEN
 were indicted for

 feloniously silvering two pieces of counterfeit coin, resembling half-crowns.—2nd COUNT, for feloniously colouring the same, with certain materials capable of producing the colour of silver.—3rd Count, for casing over the same.


MESSRS. ELLIS
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-sergeant G 20.) On the 23rd of Dec. last, in consequence of information I received, I went to No. 1, Bath-court, Bath-street, Shoreditch, between nine and ten o'clock at night—the bouse consists of two rooms, one above and one on the ground floor—the outer door opens into the lower room, without there being any passage, and then there a staircase, which takes you to the upper room—I found the outer door fastened—I knocked, and the child (the female prisoner) opened the door—I proceeded to the staircase, without saying anything to her—she rushed to the staircase before me, seized me round the middle, and called, "Father, Father!" loud enough to be heard some distance—I pushed her away, and proceeded to go up stairs, leaving her below—as I was going up I met the male prisoner coming down—I was about half way up, and he was about four or five stairs-above me—on seeing me, he endeavoured to return back, and said, "Brannan, you have not got me to rights yet, sergeant Brannan, you thief"—I seized hold of an apron which he were, and partly turned him round, as he was going up stairs again—he then jumped at me, struck me with both his feet on the chest or stomach, and knocked me down—the back part of my neck came against the edge of a chair in the ground-floor room, and he placed his knee on my flank—the injuries which I sustained then I feel now, and shall for life—at that time the officer, Cole, who was in the room at the time, took the male prisoner off me, and I directly saw a dog seize Cole by the leg I saw the little girl proceed up stairs, and directly I recovered myself, I followed her up, and partly pushed her up stairs into the upper room I pushed her up I noticed her bending herself, as if to ease something

down her bosom, and when I got up into the room, I put my hand into her bosom and took from it this sleeve of a frock, containing fourteen half-crowns, which I produce—I observed a work-bench there, and saw upon it a lighted candle, with some apparatus—there were two earthen-ware jars, with a wooden trough placed between them—these five half-crowns which I produce I found on the same work-bench near where the apparatus was—there were six, but Mr. Field has had one of them—I also produce four more, in a similar state, in different parcels, and eight more in another parcel, all on the same bench—I gave the apparatus into the care of Seward, another constable, and desired the male prisoner to be brought up—Cole brought him up—I was in the act of removing some of the bottles, and the apparatus, to the other end of the bench, to prevent the prisoner doing any mischief—he put his hand over my shoulder, picked up a bottle, and smashed it over the table, the contents of it burnt my hands, and also Cole's—it was some burning liquid, but I did not ascertain what it was—Cole pushed him back, to prevent his breaking any more of the things, and I saw him put his hand between his waist band and apron, pull out this black bag, and give it to the little girl, saying, "Stash it, Annie"—the instantly put it down her bosom, and begged to be allowed to go to the water-closet, or else she should dirty herself—I took the black bag from her bosom directly, and produce it—it contained twenty-two half-crowns, and forty shillings, but two of the shillings I how given to the authorities of the Mint—I secured the prisoner, and have the articles up to Seward—I then proceeded down stairs, and when there, I saw the little girl endeavour to conceal her hand in her frock—I seized her by the hand, and took from it these three counterfeit half-crowns which I produce—I then saw Cole seize her, and take something from her hand—the prisoners were both taken into custody, and conveyed to the station—when I first saw the male prisoner on the stairs, he was without his coat, and had his shirt sleeves tucked up.

john green. I never made use of the word stash it to my child; she never heard me express such a word in my life.





ROBBERT COLE
 (police-constable G 193.) I was with Brannan on this occasion, and followed him into the house—I saw the little girl take hold of him round the waist, at the same time crying out, "Father, father!"—saw the male prisoner make his appearance on the stairs from above—I saw him about returning, and saw Brannan take him by the apron, and partly pull him round—he then made a spring, struck Brannan on the breast, knocked him down stairs, and fell with the whole of his weight on his person—I seized the prisoner for the purpose of taking him off, and succeeded in doing so, when a dog instantly seized me by the leg—the little girl was about to make her way up stairs—she was followed by Branan—I and the male prisoner had a very violent struggle down below for some time—I at last succeeded in throwing him down on the floor—he then said, "Well, I will give in, I find you are too much for me, and you will find the whole of the things up stairs"—I proceeded with him up stairs—on entering he seized a bottle, and broke it, and some portion of the contents came over my hands, which were burnt—I produce a half-crown which I found on the bench near the apparatus—in removing the prisoner to the further part of the room, I saw him pass something to the girl which she took into her hand—I asked her what her father had given her—she said, "Nothing"—I opened her hand, and found it to contain

three half-crowns, which I now produce—the male prisoner was taken down stairs—I searched him at the station, and found 11s. 7d. in good money on him.





JOHN SEWARD
. (police-constable G 67.) I went with the other officers, and was outside the house—I went in directly afterwards, and proceeded to the upper room—I there saw a work bench with some things on it, which now produce—I received them from Brannan—the liquid now contained in this quart bottle was in both these basins when they were found—one I of the basins was inside the other at the time I received them from Brannan, and the liquid was in the smaller and larger one too—there was also liquid in each jar, which was placed in two separate bottles on the Saturday following, and given to Mr. Field—the jars had been in my care in the mean time—I am sure the liquid I gave to Mr. Field was the liquid that was in the jars—the contents of one jar were placed in one bottle, I and the contents of the other in another bottle.





ALLEN CAMERON
 (police-constable N 91.) I was with the other officers on the 23rd, and followed them into the house—I was left in charge I after the prisoners were taken away—I went up stairs into the room from I which the prisoner was taken, and under the bed I found this wire, and I behind the door I found this sand—this file, and this metal I found down stairs.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Royal Mint. I have examined all the coins produced—there are sixty-one half-crowns, all of them counterfeit—when I first saw this paper it contained six half-crowns, one of them I handed over to Mr. Smee for the purpose of making some experiments upon it—all the six had undergone the process of electrosilvering—the surface of the coins is silver, produced by the electrogal-vanic process—I am sufficiently familiar with that process to be able to state that—here are thirty-eight counterfeit shillings—there were forty when I first saw them—I gave two of them to Mr. Smee—I believe the half-crown was given to him by Brannan—one of the coins produced by Cole is in the state in which it first comes out of the battery, as the apparatus is generally called—a great number of the coins have not undergone the process—they are composed of Britannia metal, which is generally a mixture of tin and antimony—the whole of the coins are counterfeit, and are all in different stages of the process—here are two galvanic batteries, made after the construction recommended by Mr. Smee—when first saw these batteries, each of them contained fluid—these are what Cole pointed out as jars—by my direction the fluid was taken out of these two jars and placed in two bottles, which I afterwards numbered "1" and "2"—the other bottles produced by Seward also marked "3, 4, 5, and 6"—they were delivered up to me at the office of the Solicitor of the Mint, on Saturday, the 28th of Dec, for the purpose of having experiments made on them, and on the Monday following I placed them in the hands of Mr. Smee, who, in my presence, made experiments on the fluids contained in the bottles "3, 4, and 5," and we found that they contained what had the appearance of silver, by the test—I also saw two basins containing what I believe to be sand and water, the contents of which, by my direction, were placed in this quart bottle—I do not know what experiments Mr. Smee made on the contents of No. 1 and No. 2—the whole of the articles produced I believe to be complete for the purpose of performing the process of electro-silvering—the electrosilvering would

give that appearance to the coins which the perfect ones have—this wire I belongs to the battery—they are the conducting wires—sand is used for robbing the coins when they appear in this dull state, to make them appear as some of the coins do that are here now, in the more bright and finished state—that would prepare them for the electrosilvering, and remove this dead colour afterwards—the metal that was found down stairs appears to be Britannia metal, similar to the coins, as far as I can judge of it—I here is a broken wine-glass.





ALFRED SMEE
. I am a surgeon. I have examined these batteries, and all the apparatus have present—these two batteries are oh the contruction of which I am the inventor—altogether, they form a complete apparatus for covering the surface of metal by precipitating it into a solution, and with this apparatus—I have coated two half-crowns with the silver out of these solutions, and with this apparatus—the solutions marked "3, 4, 5, and 6" contain silver—you put the substance to be coated in another vessel apart from the battery—this vessel was probably used for that purpose—if you place in this vessel any of the solutions "2, 3, 4, 5, of 6," and connect that to the battery, you can deposit a film of silver on the base metals—these are the two half-crowns which I so coated by using the articles produced by the officers, and nothing else, not even a drop of distilled water besides—I did it with these very things, without any addition whatever—I have one half-crown, which was given me, I think, by Brannan, yesterday—he put a mark on it at the time that he might know it again—I have taken off the coating of silver from that, and on applying chemical reagents to the solution of the salt, I found it to be silver, unequivocally—the coin itself is white metal, which is very fusible, probably tin and antimony, Britannia metal—it will fuse in a glass vessel—here is part of one of the shillings so fused

John Green's Defence. When Brannan pulled me down he pulled me on the top of him, and that was the cause of his being hurt; I did not kick him; I always got my living by shoemaking, which my friends can prove: I never did any thing of this kind myself; they were left in my place for a trap.

(Edward Richard Dean, printer, No. 41, Carlisle-street, Lambeth, gave the prisoner a good character.)

JOHN GREEN—


GUILTY

on the 1st Count. Aged 36.




Transported for Fifteen Years.


ANN GREEN—


NOT GUILTY
.
