



1104. 




THOMAS RATTIGAN
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Robert Bruce Chichester, on the 
3rd of April, at 

St. Marylebone, about the hour of three in the night, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 soup-ladle, value 3l. 10s.; 2 spoons, value 1l. 13s.; and 1 fork, value 1l. 6s.; his goods.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES NOBLE
. I am a policeman. I was on duty on the morning of the 3rd of April, and, about three o'clock, discovered some dirt on the lock of Mr. Chichester's area-gate, at No. 11, Lower Seymour-street—I had seen the gate at half-past one o'clock—it was all safe then—in consequence of seeing the dirt on the lock I looked into the area, and saw some things there—I rang the bell—the maid-servant came and let me in—I went down with her and another constable, and behind the area door, in the passage leading to the kitchen, saw the prisoner, without his coat, hat, or shoes, which I found afterwards in the area—I asked him how he came there—he said, "I don't know"—I said, "How did you get in?"—he said, "I am fastened in"—I said, "How came your clothes outside?"—I was going to open the door to fetch them in—I found the window-shutter of the housekeeper's room pushed open, and the bottom sash pushed up at its full height—the bar was forced out of its place, by which a man could get into the house—the housemaid came down, we went up stairs into the back-parlour, and found the plate-drawer standing partly open—I saw a quantity of plate in the drawer, and as some things were missed from it, I looked, but could not find them myself—I told the prisoner he must go to the station-house—he said, "This is a b—bad job; I never was in custody before, but they cannot hurt me; have they lost any thing?"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "Can't they find it?"—I said, "Not at present"—he said, "I came all the way from Brentford; I could not get a loding, and thought I would come and sleep here the remainder of the night, and tell the maids about it in the morning"—I found a knife and three keys on him.






LUCY WILSON
. I am cook to Mr. Chichester. I came to the door when the bell rang, and let the policeman in—I saw the prisoner when he was found—I said to him, "Is that you? what a shame!" he made no answer—the policeman said, "Do you know him?"—I said, "Yes; he lived here as butler'—when he lived there he had charge of the plate, which was always taken up and put is a drawer in the dining-room at night—he was three weeks in master's service, and had left some time.





MARY TARGRETTE
. I am housemaid to Mr. Chichester. About nine o'clock at night I was in the housekeeper's room—the shutters were shut then, and all fastened up, and the bars secure—I put the plate all in one drawer that night, I am certain, the articles in question among others—I was present when these things were found in another drawer adjoining the plate-drawer, not in the drawer I put them in—the prisoner knew where the plate was kept at night.





ROBERT BRUCE CHICHESTER, ESQ
. The prisoner has been in my service—I was gone to Gloucester, on the Circuit—this is spy plate—I should think it was worth about 4l.—I have not calculated the value—the house is in the parish of St. Marylebone—it is my dwelling-house—I received a most excellent character with the prisoner—he bad left my service last Saturday week.

Prisoner's Defence. I came from Brentford that night, and certainly entered the house, but not with intent to pilfer the articles; I never went up stain at all; I did not know where to go, and thought I might as well stop there till the morning.




GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Littledale.

