



1748. 




MARIA SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of Jane, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 watch-chain, value 3d.; and 3 keys, value 3d.; the goods of 



John Hall.






JOHN HALL
. I am mate of a schooner. I fell in with the prisoner, on the 14th of June, in Ratcliff-highway—after some time we went home, and went to bed together—I had my watch, and 1s. 2d. in money—I did not give her any thing, and she did not ask me—I was awoke about two o'clock in the morning by her and the landlady quarrelling—the prisoner was then up, but had no clothes on—the landlady asked whether the prisoner had robbed me of any thing—I then missed my watch, which I had left in my trowsers' pocket on the table—the landlady accused the prisoner of taking it, and sent for an officer—this is my watch.

Prisoner. You gave me the watch, and asked if 1 could get a few shillings on it to drink—I took it to the publican, who lent me a few shil-lings, and you had drink out of the money. Witness. No, I did not.

COURT. Q. How did you mean to pay her? A. To give her what I had in the morning, and if that was not enough, I would have satisfied her before I went.





JAMES JOHNSON
. I keep a public-house. The prisoner came to me after twelve o'clock at night, on the 14th of June, and asked if I would let her have something to drink—I said, No, not unless she paid what was owing—at last she pulled out this watch, and told me a sailor gave it her—I advanced 6s. 4d. on it, which made up 11s. with the money she owed before—she promised she would fetch it in the morning—the policeman found the watch in my possession—the prisoner told him the same as she has to-day.

Prisoner's Defence. I was at the Albion public-house at eight o'clock at night—the prosecutor and two other men asked me to drink, which I did—they then asked me to toss, which I did—they lost, and had no money to pay—I paid for what we had—the prosecutor then left hit shipmates and went home with me—he asked me if I could trust him—I said I could not, and he said he would leave his watch with me till morning—he then asked if I had money to get more drink—I had not—he asked me if I could leave his watch any where and get a few shillings—I went, and the publican let me have a few shillings—I got the prosecutor some more drink and something to eat—when he went home with me be appeared quite sober, but before he went to bed he was quite in liquor—he gave me the watch when he was sober—I am innocent of stealing it.





JOHN HALL

re-examined. I was rather fresh, but I never gave her the watch—I had tossed at the Albion public-house—I did not have any thing to eat at the house.




GUILTY
.** Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
