



829. 




WILLIAM KIDD
 was indicted

for feloniously assaulting 



William Mallett, and cutting and wounding him with intent to do him grievous bodily harm, and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM MALLETT
 (police-constable G 240.) On the 8th of March, at a quarter to five o'clock in the morning, I was near Saffron-hill—a man came and gave me some information—I went to Great Saffron-hill, and found the prisoner with his coat, waistcoat, and cap off—they were hanging on a post—he was throwing his arms about, and saying the first that came near him he would

smash his brains out—he might be a little excited from drink, but I think was sober—I tried to persuade him to go home—I said, "My good man, don't make a disturbance here"—he said he would smash my brains out—I stood about three yards from him—he walked up to me with a life-preserver, and struck me with it—I did not see it till he struck me—it knocked my hat off—I got hold of him, and he struck me three times more on the side of the head with it—I fell down, and he kicked me a good many times—I got up, fell again, and got up again—I kept hold of him till Allen came—I was insensible and did not hear what he said—while he was striking me he used the most disgraceful language, and swore he would kill me—I saw the policeman coming up—the prisoner then threw the instrument away—I then became insensible—I recovered in a quarter of an hour, and have been under the care of a medical man ever since—I was hurt a good deal in my body.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you strike me? A. I did not—I fell, and you fell over me—I did not kick you—I swear you struck me several times—I did not say at the office that you struck me with a shutter-bolt—I said I thought it was one till I saw it—(the witness's deposition being, read agreed with his evidence.)





EDWARD FRANCIS ADAMS
 (policeman.) I heard a cry of "Murder," and found the prisoner striking Mallet with a life-preserver—he struck him on the head three or four times—his hat was off—they then closed and fell together, Mallet underneath—I pulled the prisoner off—Mallet got up, reeled across the road, and full again, apparently exhausted—he bled very much—I held the prisoner, sprang my rattle, and assistance came—he said we were a murdering set of vagabonds—he appeared in liquor and very much excited—I saw Mallet pick up the life-preserver about two yards from the pavement—I had seen the prisoner throw it down.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not strike me with your staff? A. No, I never hid it out—you were not beastly drunk, you were able to stand, and did stand till you threw yourself down.





MARIA NICHOL
. I live in Great Saffron-hill. About a quarter to five o'clock I was in bed, and was awoke by a noise in the street—I went to the window and saw the prisoner, and prosecutor—I heard the prisoner swear he would murder the first b—y Bobby, or any other that came in his way, and if he did not, he hoped the Almighty would strike him dead—he got hold of the prosecutor, and kept striking him on the head with something in his hand—he fell several times—I cried out till another policeman came up and released him—the prosecutor had not power to strike him at all.

Prisoner. Q. What did I do? A. The policeman said, "Go on, good man" and you directly began on him—I thought he would have been murdered—I think you were drunk, but you knew what you were doing.





WILLIAM HENRY SHEELEY
. I am a surgeon—I examined Mallet and found a wound just above the temple bleeding very much, the skin was broken, and he had a severe blow on the temple—such an instrument as this would produce it—he had a bruise on his hip and knee—he was in a state of stupor, and has been suffering since—it will be some time before he is able to do duty.

Prisoner. Q. Might the bruise be from a fall? A. I think not.

Prisoner's Defence. I had been with some friends and was returning, as well as I was able; this man came up; I got struggling with him; he struck me in the back of my neck; I could not keep myself up, and he fell over me; I got up and he struck me again; we both fell together; they all cried out, "police!" the police came up; I was taken a prisoner.





JOHN LENDON
 (City police-constable, No. 235.) I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—confined nine months)—I was present at the trial and believe the prisoner to be the person.


Q. Will you swear he is? A. Yes, your lordship—his features resemble and correspond with the prisoner—I looked at him very hard when I went to recognize him—I have been eight years in the police—it is twelve months since he was in custody—there might be some alteration in his features—I saw the prisoner in Newgate with others, and said the one with a blue handkerchief round his neck was the man.





CHARLES WILLIAM KENT
. I live in Duke-street, Smithfield, and am apprentice to a calenderer—I was present twelve months ago when the prisoner was convicted of stealing half a firkin of butter—I had seen him in Bath-street carrying the tub.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

