




1312. 




WILLIAM BIGGS
 and 




THOMAS HOLLAND
 were indicted for

feloniously assaulting 



Francis Woodman, on the 
22nd of December, putting him in fear and in danger of his life, and taking from his person, against his will, 1 bag, value 1d.; 13 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, and 1 5l. Bank-note, and that he immediately before, and at the time of the robbery, feloniously did beat, strike, and use other personal violence to him.



MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution,






FRANCIS WOODMAN
. I am a farmer, and live at the parish of Ruislip, Middlesex. On Wednesday night, the 22nd of December, between one and two o'clock, I was taking my mare towards the common at Ruislip, to a rick of hay which I had there—I went down Clack-lane, and near a ditch there I caught sight of two men—I got close by them—they jumped out of the ditch, got on the bank, and struck me—they each had a stick or bludgeon about a yard long in his hand—they both struck me with the sticks on the side of the head, and both laid hold of my collar—I struggled with them—they got me into the ditch—I cried out "Murder" as loud as I could, but I was very hoarse—I had a bad cold, and could hardly speak—as I laid on my back in the ditch one of them pressed his hand very much over my nose and mouth, and my nose burst out bleeding—I told them not to hurt me, if they took my money—they rifled my pockets—one of them put his hand into my breeches and waistcoat pockets—I had in my right-hand trowsers' pocket a purse containing thirteen sovereigns, one half-sovereign, a 5l. Bank of England note, and two land-tax receipts—my purse was taken—they got up, went away, and left me in the ditch lying on my back—it was a canvass purse—I have seen it since in the possession of Atkins, the constable—it was a very cloudy night, and mizzled with rain—there was a moon, but I could not see their faces to swear to them—I thought their faces were disfigured—they seemed blacked a little—I believe the prisoners are the men from what I saw of them.

COURT. Q. Were you off your horse or on it? A. Off the horse, walking by the side of it—it went on when I was knocked down—I know the prisoner Biggs—I had seen him about a fortnight before the robbery I had employed him for a week—I knew Holland before—I never employed him—I know where the prisoners live—Biggs lives next door to Holland.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When were the prisoners taken into custody? A. On Tuesday last—I had not seen them since the robbery was committed—I believe they were at home at work—I did not go to their house after the robbery, as I could not swear to the men—I gave notice to the police—I did not offer any reward—in consequence of something one Brill told me they were afterwards taken—I have heard Brill is a returned transport—I believe the prisoners' faces were blackened—there was a moon, but it was behind a cloud—it was raining.

COURT. Q. In what direction was the ditch, was it near where the prisoners lived? A. About half-a-mile off—I did not pass their houses in going to the lane.

MR. DOANE. Q. Do you know where Brill lives? A. Yes, he lived next door to the prisoners at that time—I have known Holland ever since can remember—a great many years—I gave information to Goff, a sergeant of police, at Ruislip, at his own house—Atkins is a constable living at Harefield—I did not give notice of it to him—I told my neighbours I had been robbed.





JOHN ATKINS
. I am a constable, and live at Harefield, about five miles beyond Uxbridge—I heard of this robbery about a month ago—I had heard something about it before, about a week after it happened, which I understood was on the 22nd of December—I heard of it towards the end of December—I began to look for the prisoners about three weeks ago—I

saw Biggs, and took him into custody on Tuesday at Mr. Newdigate's Harefield-lodge, where he was employed—he was eating his dinner—it is about a mile and a half from his residence—I know where he lives very well—I went to his house, searched it, and up stairs in a bed-room I found this purse which I produce, concealed in one of the upright posts of the house which is built with timber—I saw some hay stick out of a hole in the post, I pulled it out, and found this purse.

Cross-examined. Q. You are not under the police? A. No, I am a parish constable—I apprehended a man on suspicion, named Thomas Brill and he accused these people before the Magistrate—this is a common canvass bag—it was concealed in a hole in the bed-room with a piece of hay pushed in—there was nothing in the bag—the prosecutor's brother was with me when the bag was found—he is not here—Mr. Murray, the high constable, had left me then, and had gone to take Biggs into custody—I have known Brill some years—I have bad no conversation with him since he came back from Botany Bay—he never liked me, but I understand he behaved very well since he was away, which was for three years.

MR. DOANE. Q. How long have you been a constable? A. About eight years.





CHARLES JAMES MURRAY
. I am high constable of Uxbridge. Atkins brought the prisoner Holland to me in custody—I did not say anything to induce him to tell me anything—he said he had been drawn into it, for he should not have done it if others had not persuaded him—I asked what he meant by others persuading him, if there was more in it than himself—he said no, there was only him and Biggs robbed Frank Woodman, and he should not have done it if Biggs had not told him Frank had got the money to pay his rent with—I asked him what they had done with the 5l. note—he said they persuaded him to go and change it—he said Brill bad taxed him with being concerned in it, and he had given him a sovereign to say nothing about it, and he thought Biggs had given him as much also.

Cross-examined. Q. How did the conversation begin with Holland? A. I told him Brill had stated before the Magistrate that they had done it, and how they did it—he said he was a poor silly fellow, and had been drawn into it, that he should not have done it if the other had not persuaded him when he was not himself—I thought he meant when he was tipsy—he was quite sober when I had the conversation with him—he had been with me about half-an-hour—he drank nothing in my presence—Atkins had brought him to me.





THOMAS BRILL
. I am a labourer, and live next door to Biggs—I have been convicted of an offence, and was away three years and a-half, till six or seven months ago—since that I have been a labourer at Harefield. On the 23rd of December I was living next door to Biggs—early that morning I heard Biggs and Holland about—it was between half-past twelve and two in the night, and after I got up I heard of the robbery of Wood-man—a few days after that I was hedging for my father, and Holland came to me—I said to him " You can lend me 10s. now"—he said, "Where can I get 10s.?"—I said, "Why, you made a good job the other night you can afford to lend me 10s. now"—he said no, he could not, he had not got 10s., and could not lend it to me—I kept talking to him a bit, and at last he said he would lend me 10s.—I was not to do anything for it—I thought if I borrowed the 10s., if I could get it out of him, I should find the robbery out—I told him about the robbery, and he told me to say

nothing about it—that is what I was to do for the 10s.—some days after, I saw Biggs, and asked him to lend me 10s.—be refused at first—I told him what I knew about the transaction—he did not consent to lend me any at first but afterwards he did upon the same terms, that I should say nothing about it—he said "Don't say anything about it."

Cross-examined. Q. Did he propose any drink? A. No, he said a week or so afterwards, "When you pay the 10s. you have no need to pay it all, pay me 5s."—I made him no answer—they at last took me on the charge, and I told all about it—I changed a sovereign for Biggs when he lent me the 10s.—I heard Holland say he changed the 5l. note at Rickmans worth—that was at the same time we were discoursing about the 10s.—I said nothing else to them.

Cross-examined. Q. So you kept it bottled up till they took you, and then you let it out? A. No, I told several farmers about it—I did not tell any Magistrate—it was not very often that I saw a policeman—I told Atkins after I was in custody.





CHARLES JAMES MURRAY
. I know the Magistrates hand-writing—I heard Holland examined before the Magistrate, and he made a statement—I saw him put his mark to it—it was read over to him first—this is the Magistrate's signature—(read)—"The prisoner Holland, being charged before me with robbing Francis Woodman, being duly cautioned by me, voluntarily states, Woodman states their faces were blackened, but they were not, that he should not have thought of committing the robbery if Woodman had not been swaggering and showing his money, that he was told Wood-man was showing his money at Hammersmith, that Woodman has sworn falsely as to his purse, that this man (pointing to Biggs) and him were the only persons who robbed Woodman, that he should not have done it if not persuaded, but this man persuaded him, and told him Woodman had got the money to pay his rent"





FRANCIS WOODMAN

re-examined. This canvass bag is the purse I was robbed of, and contained the money—my mother made it about twelve months ago—I sat by and saw her make it—there was a small hole at the bottom, which is here now.

BIGGS—


GUILTY
. Aged 45.—


Transported for Life. HOLLAND—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
