





1313. 




JAMES KING,



 JOHN WILLIAMS
, and 




JOHN KENERLEY



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Webb, and stealing therein 1 handkerchief, value 2s., and 3 shillings; property; King having been before convicted.






FREDERICK ASHLEY.
 I lodge in the first-floor front room at 10, Caledonian-crescent, King's-cross. On Thursday morning I got up about six and saw the prisoner Kenerley leaning from the inside of the parlour window of Mr. Webb's house, nearly opposite me—the window was quite up, and one curtain rather crumpled and drawn out—he was looking towards the left; towards the crescent avenue—in a minute or two I saw the other prisoners standing in the crescent, outside the house, within fifty yards of each other—Kenerley got out of the window, dropped on to the cill of the next window, and came up the area steps and through the gate; they then went round the crescent, two of them together, and the other met them—they all then went together up to the window, as if they were going in again—Williams looked through the key-hole; the other two were on the pavement opposite the window, only the width of the pavement off—I then rapped loudly at the window—they all ran away, two one way and one the other—I informed the police about a minute afterwards.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY.
Q. It is a double crescent? A. Yes—I live in the large circle, and about thirty yards from Mr. Webb's—I had never seen the prisoner before—I did not see them again till two days after, at the Police-court—I am sure Kenerley is the one that was looking out at the window; I knew him directly I saw him—one side of his face was all over blood, but I saw the other side—I know them by their faces and clothes.





ELIZA FANNY ASHLEY.
 I am wife of the last witness—he woke me on Thursday morning. I went to the window, and saw Mr. Webb's window open and the curtains drawn up a little—It was rather before six o'clock, I think—I saw King and Williams come in at the right end of the crescent, to wards Mr. Webb's—I swear to them—a man, who I think was Kenerley, came from the other end and joined them in the middle of the crescent—he was about his size—they all three passed Mr. Webb's, about the width of the pavement from it—Williams looked through the keyhole and the others in at the window—my husband made a noise, and they ran away





MARY ANN WEBB.
 I am the wife of William Webb, of 22, Caledonian-crescent. I went to bed on Thursday morning at one o'clock, I was the last up. I left the front parlour window shut and fastened, and drew the curtains—I left a tablet, some ornaments, a silk handkerchief, and a reticule with three shillings and a handkerchief in it, on the dining-room table—I was awoke by the police about a quarter past six, went into the parlour, found the

window wide open and the table moved three-quarters of a yard—I missed three shillings, a silk handkerchief, and an ivory tablet—I have not seen them since—the reticule was turned out on the table—I found a muddy been mark on the window-cill and on the chair.





WILLIAM WEBB.
 I am the husband of the last witness—this is my dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. Mary, Islington. I was disturbed by the police, found the window open, and foot marks outside on the tops of the rails.





JAMES NIXON
 (policeman, N 242.) I received information from Mr. Ashley, and at ten minutes past six o'clock awoke Mr. Webb, and found the window wide open—I went into the room, and found it as has been, described.

King's Defence. I was at home at the time.

Williams' Defence. I was at home at the time.





GEORGE BAILEY.
 I live at 74, Oxford-street. Kenerley is my brother, He has always been honest—he has always worked at home—on this morning he started with me at six o'clock and was with me till ten—he had slept in the same room with me.





WILLIAM WEBB

re-examined. Kenerley has been in trouble about a watch, but the prosecutor did not appear. Witness. That is so.





WILLIAM SCOFFIELD
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of King's former conviction (read—Convicted, Feb. 1846, of burglary, and confined one year.)

KING—


GUILTY. Aged 23.

WILLIAMS—


GUILTY. * Aged 18.





Transported for Seven Years.


KINERLEY—


GUILTY. Aged 17.—



Confined Twelve Months.

