



1079. 





JOHANNA BRADSHAW



, stealing 2 tablecloths, a shawl, and other articles, and 5 sovereigns; the property of 



Elizabeth Baker, in her dwelling-house.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH BAKER.
 I live at 104, St. John's-wood-terrace, and am a widow—I employed the prisoner as charwoman. On 31st Jan. I went out to dinner in Hamilton-terrace, leaving her alone in the house to take charge of it—I had a box under my bed, which contained five sovereigns—it was not locked, but the room door was—Ihad seen them safe a day or two befort—I missed them on the following Monday, 3rd Jan., and also a half-sovereign, and 8s. from a drawer—I said to the prisoner when I missed it, "I am afraid I lost some money from my drawer yesterday, it was in my drawer when I went to chapel"—she said, "Was it?"—I said, "Yes, and I cannot think where it is"—she said she was sorry I had lost it, and wondered who had stolen it—she said she believed it to be a young gentleman that lodged in the house—she afterwards said. "I think you will find it, you have not lost it"—she assisted me to look for it the whole of theweek—in consequence of something that happened three weeks afterwards, I sent for a constable, and went to her house in Tottenham-place—I told her I believed she had robbed me of a brooch, and money, and other articles; and I believed she was the

thief—she denied it an first, and said, "I have not stolen your money"—I said, "I have brought a policeman to take you up; I believe you have"—she then said, "I have got your money, and I will tell you all about it if you will come outside the door; I will get you brooch for you again; I pledged it"—we went outside, and went into the room again—I gave some duplicates to the constable, which the prisoner gave me—she said, "It shall be all right; don't let me be taken up, pray do not"—she said she had stolen my money on the day I went out to dinner—I did not give her in charge then, but when I went home, in consequence of something else that I discovered, I gave her in charge—she came to my house, and said if I gave her in charge she would murder me—a lady who was with me went and got a policeman—I cannot say when she stole the table-cover—I had it when I went out to dinner—I cannot say whether it was safe next morning—it was with other things under the sofa—I lent her the shawl, and she immediately pledged it.





WILLIAM HENRY POWELL.
 I am a pawnbroker, at 16, Upper Park-place, Dorset-square. I produce a table-cover which I received on 29th Jan., and a shawl I received on 5th Feb.





HENRY LITTLE
 (policeman, S 63.) I went to Mrs. Baker's house on 20th March, and found the prisoner there, in a state of great excitement—Mrs. Baker gave her in charge for an assault, and robbing her of five sovereigns, and other things—the prisoner said she had not robbed her—I took her to the station, and Mrs. Baker there charged her with stealing 18s. out of a drawer, in addition to the other—the prisoner said she did not take the 18s. out of the drawer, she took it from under the flower-pot—I afterwards went with Mrs. Baker to the prisoner's lodging, and found twenty duplicates which relate to other things.





PHILIP STEVENS
 (policeman, S 200.) I went with Mrs. Baker to the prisoner's lodging—Mrs. Baker then refused to give her into custody—I was in private clothes, and told the prisoner I was an officer, and that Mrs. Baker was come with the intention of giving her into custody on suspicion of robbing her—she said she had not robbed her—she gave Mrs. Baker nine or ten duplicated from the table-drawer, and Mrs. Baker gave them to me—the prisoner then asked Mrs. Baker to be allowed to speak to her outside; and they went on the landing—I let them do that—I do not know what passed—there was no property there of Mrs. Baker's, except a veil and shawl—the prosecutrix's house is in the parish of Marylebone.

Prisoner's Defence. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court; Mrs. Baker told me if I told the truth she would forgive me, and I gave her the duplicates, promising to release the things; and my husband gave her an "I O U."





GUILTY. Aged 38.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There were other indictments against the prisoner.)

Before Mr. Justice Erle.

