



292. 




JOHN GOATLEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
25th of Nov., 1 tub, value 1s.; and 56lbs. weight of butter, value 2l. 16s.; the goods of 



Henry Musselwhite; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. SIMON
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY MUSSELWHITE
. I am a dairyman, and live in Park-place, Kennington-cross, Lambeth. On Monday morning, the 25th of Nov., I left home a little before six o'clock to serve my customers—I had a tub of Dutch butter—it was nearly 3/4 cwt.—it was on the butter board behind the butter counter—we have a large counter for butter, and a small one for milk—I left my daughter in care of the shop, my wife being ill—I returned about half-past eight o'clock, and the tub of butter was then gone—afterwards saw some hoops, and some of the same sort of butter as had been in my shop that morning.





ELIZA RACHEL MUSSELWHITE
. I remember on that morning my father left home a little before six o'clock—between his going out and returning the prisoner, and another man with him, came into the shop—it was a little before half-past eight o'clock—each of them had a halfpenny-worth of milk—the prisoner paid a penny for it—they were in the shop about two minutes, and then went away—I cannot remember that any one came into the shop afterwards—I went through a door behind the small counter—I know the tub of butter had been on the butter-shelf behind the long counter—the prisoner and the other man could see the butter as they stood drinking their milk, and when I went through the door they would have an opportunity of getting it—my father came home about six minutes after they left, and then the tub and butter were gone.





EMILY STEVENS
. I am single, and live in Ebenezer-row, Kennington-lane. On the morning of the 25th of Nov. I was passing the prosecutor's shop, and saw two men standing at the door—a person spoke to me—I turned to speak to him, and when I turned again a man came from the prosecutor's door with a tub of butter on his head—the prisoner was one of the two men who were standing at the door—the man with the butter on his head passed on first, the prisoner and the other man followed him a moment after, and they all three passed down Cardigan-street, rubbing their hands and laughing—they were all together, and did not separate while I saw them—I did not give any notice at the shop, as I was short of time, and was going to a place where I had an appointment—the man who had the butter was dressed like a man Mr. Musselwhite would employ, and 1 did not know whether it was stolen or not—I went afterwards with

the officer to the prisoner's house in Cardigan-street, about half-past eight o'clock.

Prisoner. You said you did not know what it was.

Witness. It was a tub of butter with about a pound and a half taken out of it—I saw that as it swayed on one side.





JAMES BROOK
 (police-constable L 118.) I took the prisoner in the evening of the 25th of Nov. in bed at No. 58, Cardigan-street, Kennington—on searching the room I found some hoops and some butter, which I produce, and this other portion of butter I found below stairs—the prisoner said his wife bought the butter, but he could not tell where.





HENRY MULSELWHITE

re-examined. This is Dutch butter, it tastes just like the butter I had—I had been to the tub just before I went out, to take a bit of the butter on a bit of bread—I had removed about a pound and a half out of it—these are Dutch hoops, and such as were about the tub I lost—Irish hoops have the bark on them, but Dutch hoops are generally white, like these—this butter is a little salt, but not so salt as Irish.

Prisoner's Defence. On the morning he missed the butter I sent my wife to Mr. Busk, the doctor's shop, to say I wanted some medicine, as I was in bed; he sent word I was to get up and come to him. I went, and he made me up a bottle of medicine; in going along, I saw the landlord, who keeps my house; he asked me for 1d., and I gave it him, and we went and had a halfpenny-worth of milk each. I came out, and he said, "Stop, Tom will be here in a minute." I did not know what he meant. I went home, and went to bed, and was in bed all day. I had about a quartern of butter in my room; the officer took that, and some he got below, and clapped it all together; there was one hoop in my room, which my little girl had to play with; the other hoops were below. I believe they fell off a buttertub, which was used for a washing-tub, and stood in the yard.





JAMES BROOK

re-examined. I found one hoop in his room, and some pieces of hoops beside—the parties who lived below had absconded, and have since been apprehended on another charge.





EDWIN JAMES ANNETTS
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the clerk of the peace of Surrey—the prisoner is the person mentioned in this certificate—I was present at his trial for stealing lead from a person narau Lloyd—I was then in the police, and took him—(read—Convicted 18 th March, 7 th Viet., and imprisoned six months.)




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.
