



1472. 




HENRY ROWE
 was indicted

 for feloniously sending a letter to one 



Edward Beck, on the 
14th of January, demanding with menaces, and without reasonable and probable cause 50l.—Another COUNT, for sending a letter accusing him of an attempt and endeavour to commit b----y.


MR. PRICE
conducted the Prosecution.






EDWARD BECK
. I am an ale-agent. I live at Peckham, and have had a counting-house at Hungerford Wharf ten years—I have been in my present business from eighteen to twenty years—I first saw the prisoner about a year and a half since—I cannot tell the date—I met him in Drury-lane—I had never seen him before, to my knowledge—he asked me how I did, and said he knew me—I told him he did not, I did not know him, and would

knock him down—he followed me and said he was in distress, asked me whether I would give him a shilling, and handed me his card to call upon him in Kingsgate-street, where I should find his tale was true—this is the card he gave me—I saw no more of him for above four or five months, when he came up to me as I was crossing Finsbury-square, towards Windmill-street—he addressed me—I did not know him at first—he wanted me to read a paper about his failure in trade, in Wild-street, and said he wanted a little assistance to enable him to get to Exeter—I then gave him 5s., and he left me—I saw him again, I should say, four or five months after, at my counting-house door, when I drove up in my chaise in the morning—he said, "Good morning," or something to that purport—I asked him what he wanted, and went into the counting-house—I remained some short time, and when I came out he was there still—he addressed me again, and said he had been very ill, he was just out of the hospital—I told him I knew better, for I had seen an account in the papers of his having been convicted of felony, and imprisoned three months—he said he supposed I was glad to hear of it—I said, "Not particularly so"—he began to cry, and asked me for a little money to help to get him to Cornwall to his friends, that he might retrieve his character—I gave him 30s.—nothing else passed—he left me—I heard nothing more of him till he sent me a letter by an old lady—I received a letter previous to this at the counting-house—the first I had was dated the 6th of Jan.—it came by post in this envelope—I have never spoken to the prisoner about that letter—I do not know his handwriting—this letter, dated the 14th of Jan., was brought to me by a woman—I do not recollect that I had any conversation or correspondence with the prisoner afterwards, about that letter—I do not recollect that I saw him till I received the next letter—I saw him a few days after receiving a third letter, dated the 20th—I do not know that I ever spoke to him about the letter of the 14th—I cannot recollect when I saw him after the 14th—it was within a month, about a fortnight, I think—it was in Hungerford-market—we had very little conversation—he wanted more money—(I do not recollect having any interview with him at all after the letter given me by the old woman)—he said he wanted more money, and I gave him 30s.—he said nothing about my answering his letters—I did not answer the letter of the 14th, but I gave the old woman what he wanted—I told him not to send letters to me by the old woman, for I should give her in charge, as I knew where she lived from the reports in the newspapers—that was after the first letter she brought—I called her "the old woman"—she had only brought me one letter at that time—I am quite sure of that—it was after receiving the letter of the 14th, and before the 20th—I told him I knew her character, and where she resided, that I had seen an account of his trial, and where he was convicted, and of her being the keeper of a low brothel in Shire-lane—he said she was a respectable woman—I told him that he lived with her—he made no answer at all to that—there was no further conversation, to the best of my knowledge—I gave him 30s. again to get rid of him—I had given the old woman 30s. when I received the letter of the 14th—when I gave him the 30s. I left him—he did not say anything to me about his last letter—I met him a few days after receiving a letter by the old woman, on the 25th of January, in Hungerford-market—I spoke to him, on that occasion, about the letter of the 14th, or rather, he first mentioned it to me—he said very little that day—no reference was made at that time to the letter of the 14th—no reference was made to the 30s. demanded in that letter—the 30s. mentioned in the letter of the 14th I gave to the old woman, but I gave him 30s. afterwards—I had no conversation with him with reference to the 30s. which I paid to the old woman on receiving the letter of the 14th—I mentioned to him about receiving the letter of the 14th

—I said if he sent the old lady with any more letters, I should give her in charge—I did not mention the date of the letter, nor describe it to him—he acknowledged having sent the letter by the old woman—when I taxed him about where she lived, and said he must not send her any more, he did not deny it—he did not say he had sent it—he said nothing about sending any letter to me—I had no conversation with him about the letter of the 14th, except what I said about the old woman—the letter of the 25th was delivered to me by the old woman—this is it—also this letter of the 10th of May, that was delivered by the same old woman—I saw him a few days after receiving the letter of the 25th of Jan., about eleven or twelve o'clock—he observed to me I had better let him have the £20, and not trouble me again, as I knew he had a charge to make against me—I told him he ought to know better than to be annoying me as he was—he said I had better have sent him the £20 that was asked for in the letter, and he would not trouble me any more, if I gave it to him—I told him I could not afford it—(I did not show him the letter)—he said, "You had better; you know I have a charge to make against you"—I then told him I would give him 5l. and make it up in a few days, if he would promise not to annoy me again—I appointed a time to pay him the other 15l. and left him—I saw him again in the Strand, some time at the commencement of April, when he asked me for more money.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you ever show the prisoner, on any occasion, the letter of the 14th of Jan.? A. No—I gave him no description of the old woman—I told him I knew who she was—I had never seen the prisoner before I met him in Drury-lane—that I swear—I had never been anywhere with him—I had never taken any wine with him, or given him any wine anywhere—I swear positively that I did not meet him a considerable time before I met him in Drury-lane, and give him some wine—I swear positively I have not been anywhere with him, except at the conversations to which I have alluded—I did not know him when I first met him—I have no attorney, Mr. Price is acting for me.





JAMES IRELAND
. I live at No. 25, Kingsgate-street, and am clerk to Mr. Beck. I saw the prisoner at Mr. Beck's counting-house last Friday week—he came and beckoned to Mr. Beck to come out, and Mr. Beck went out and returned.





WILLIAM WEST
 (police-constable F 106.) I took the prisoner in charge on Friday—he said it was no use for me to take him to the station-house, as the prosecutor would not appear against him—I know the prisoner—he lived in Shire-lane, with an old woman.
(A letter, dated 6th Jan., was here read, in which the prisoner merely soli" cited the prosecutor's assistance to get his tools out of pledge.)

The letter of Jan. 14, 1843, was as follows:—"Sir,—As you did not give me money sufficient to get my working utensils, I am under the necessity of sending to you, as I have paid 5s. off them, and the remainder of what you gave me, I paid my rent, and got my coat; and I have two shops of work, which I cannot do without them. I want 1l. 10s. to get them. When I first see you I was promised 10l. by you. If it was to gratify your filthy passion you would give it. Sir, I have come to the determination never to trouble you any more if you give the money. The bearer of this note is the person where I lodge; if you send it by her it will be safe, as I told her you owed it me for service. H. ROWE."
(A letter, dated 25th Jan., was read, requesting the prosecutor to oblige him with the sum of 20l., which would be the last he should trouble him about.)




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Life.

