




1610. 




THOMAS HOPE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
11th of May, 2 sovereigns, and 1 half-sovereign, the monies of 



Arthur Milligan, from his person.






ARTHUR MILLIGAN
. I am a sailor, and lodge at the Sailor's Home. I met the prisoner on the 11th of May—he asked me if I knew a coffee-shop—we got into conversation, and went to the South Sea coffee-shop—I had two sovereigns and a half in my watch-pocket, and some silver and coppers in my trowsers-pocket—I went to sleep—I recollect the prisoner and I lying down in bed, and recollect him fumbling about my pockets—I went to sleep, with my hand inclosing my watch-pocket, and when I awoke my money was gone—the prisoner was then in the room—I had him searched, and two sovereigns and a half, and some silver and coppers, were found on him—I knew nothing of him before.

Prisoner. When I met you that night you took me to a low publichouse; you went into a night-house; there were a number of the girls of the town, and you got into conversation with them. Witness. I rather think he took me to the house—there were girls and men in the house—I did not speak to them—he said he would give me a glass, but I paid for what I bad—I drank with no one but the prisoner.





EDWIN JOHNSON
. I keep the coffee-shop. The prosecutor and the prisoner came—they called for coffee and bread and butter—the prisoner paid for it—he was there about an hour—he said his time was very short, and he should like his friend to lie down for an hour—I showed them up stairs to the front-room, and offered my services to assist the prosecutor to bed—the prisoner desired me to go below, and said he would attend to his friend himself—I went down, and in a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes I went up to see why the prisoner had not come down, and he was pretending to put the clothes on the prosecutor—the prisoner came down some time afterwards, and went out—I called him back, and stopped him—he was searched when the prosecutor awoke—two sovereigns and a half, and tome coppers and silver was found on him—he said he had got at much money to give the sailor, if he would give him part of it back again.

Prisoner. Q. You said you came up in the room and saw me asleep? A. You was asleep the second time I came up, and I fastened the door, but you opened the door and came down afterwards—you said you was a particular friend of the prosecutor's, and that you both came from Edinburgh.

Prisoner. I left a situation at Herne Bay the week before with an excellent character, and had a sovereign and some silver; a few days previous I had received two sovereigns from my friends, and I signed at the Post Office for it. I went to a coffee-shop that morning, and when I went to pay, the girl that waits there saw that I took three sovereigns out of my pocket, and she said one was a very bright one; she gave me a half-sovereign in change for one.





SYLVANUS GILL
 (police-constable H 55.) I took the prisoner—he said he had as much money as the sailor had lost, and he would give it him rather than have a bother.


Prisoner. Q. Did I tell you I had some money from my brother? A. You stated that before the Magistrate.

Prisoner. There is a gentlemen in Thames-street who knows all my relations, and got me the situation at Herne Bay. I could not send to him. 


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.
