



2084. 




WILLIAM VINE
 was indicted

 for assaulting 



Joseph Stott, with intent to rob him.—Two other COUNTS, varying the manner of laying the charge.






JOSEPH STOTT
. I am a grocer, and live at Old ham, in Lancashire. On the 4th of July, between ten and eleven o'clock at night, I was in Hyde-park—I had only been five days from the country—I met George Webb, who has been tried and convicted—I walked with him a little way—(when I came to the gate there was a man on the other side—I asked him the way to Baker-street—he directed me)—while we were walking in the park, Webb whistled, and four other men came up—it was by the shrubbery—the prisoner seized me by the coat in the park, and demanded my money of me—I am certain he is the man—I told him I would not give it him—I put up my stick, and said I would strike them if they did not let me go—they did let me go, and when we got to the gate I got over it, and met a man outside, and asked him the way to Baker-street—he directed me—I got to Blandford-street—I went to East-street to get some tobacco, and as I returned I went into a) public-house—Webb came in, took up the pint pot, and drank—I went out, and when I got out he gave a whistle again, and said he would charge me with an

unnatural crime if I did not give him money—I went to my lodgings, No. 4, Blandford-mews—the policeman came there, and took me in charge—I was taken to the station-house, and there Webb charged me, in the prisoner's presence, with an unnatural crime, or something of that sort—there is not a tittle of truth in it—the prisoner said the same, that I had offered to commit an unnatural crime with Webb—the prisoner was the witness—they did not appear at the office on Monday, and I was released—I swear that when the prisoner gave the whistle he demanded my money, and collared me by the coat—I had gone to the Serpentine river at five o'clock, and stopped till the men bad bathed, and then I got lost.
(The prisoner here persisted in charging the prosecutor with committing certain acts of indecency, which the prosecutor positively denied.)





THOMAS SKINNER
 (policeman.) I took the prosecutor to the station-house—Webb charged him with indecently assaulting him—the prisoner was there, and said the prosecutor had done so, that he saw him—he was to attend on Monday, but did not—I went after the prisoner, and apprehended him at Tunbridge Wells.

Prisoner. The prosecutor did not deny the charge, but said one of us collared him. Witness. He said two of tbem had collared him—he was confused; he had come up to London to be cured of a fistula.





WILLIAM CLUBB
. I took the prisoner in charge—he made this statement before the Magistrate—(reading)—"About fifteen or sixteen weeks ago next Saturday night, I was in Hyde-park with George Webb and three others; we were coming from Knightsbridge-gate just as they were being closed, about eleven o'clock at night; when George Webb went to ease himself, a gentleman came up to him; they went towards a small shrubbery, and I was easing myself; I saw the gentleman undo Webb's trowsers they then shifted near to an elm-tree, when me and the other three came up they both bad their trowsers down; we asked them what they were doing; the gentleman said, 'Nothing;' we said to Webb, 'Give him in charge;'one of my companions caught hold of him by the collar, and said he would take him to a policeman; he said he was willing to be given in charge; another gentleman and a female came up and asked what was the matter; the first gentleman then said he would knock down the first of us that offered to touch him; we all then got over the gate together, and when he saw the policeman in the Bays water-road, Webb, the two gentlemen, and the female, went into Connaught-square, and to Glo'ster-place, where they parted; Webb and the gentleman went into a public-house in Blandford-street, and treated him; we watched him home, and gave him in charge to a policeman on the beat, and I went to the-station-house in Marylebone-lane and signed the charge; on the Sunday, I, Webb, and the two other witnesses, met, and we parted about eight o'clock in the morning; Webb said he would go home to his mother's; I and the others went to Westminster, drinking, when one persuaded me to come into the country with him; we kept together a week, and I left him at Yalding, in Kent."

Prisoner. On my oath that is nothing but truth, if I leave the country this moment; I understand he has been guilty of such tricks before.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.

