




928. 




ELIZA STONER
 and 



JAMES LEONARD
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
22nd of February, at 
St. Marylebone, 1 writing-desk, value 10s.; 1 card-case, value 6d.; 5 seals, value 13s.; 1 necklace, value 3l.; 2 pencil-cases, value 5s.; 1 knife, value 7s.; 2 books, value 4s.; 1 sovereign, 1 half-sovereign, and 10 shillings; the goods of 




Madeline Gordon, in the dwelling-house of 



George Rust.






MADELINE GORDON
. I am lady's-maid in the dwelling-house of Mr. George Rust, of Portman-square, in the parish of St. Marylebone. I had this desk and other things, which I saw safe at nine o'clock in the morning of the 22nd of February, on a table in the housekeeper's room—I missed them at ten o'clock—the desk was produced at the station-house the following Monday, the 24th—I have no doubt about this being my desk—the card-case, and seals, and other things, were in it when I lost it, but they have not been found—only the desk and a few papers are found.





MARY LUCAS
. I am the wife of William Lucas, a tailor, in Monmouth-street, St. Giles's. I bought this desk of the prisoner Stoner, on Saturday evening, the 22nd of February, and gave 3s. for it—there was nothing in it.





GEORGE JOHN RESTIEAUX
 (police-constable E 49.) In consequence of information, I made search after the female prisoner, but not on account of this charge—I followed her to a place called Rat's-castle, in St. Giles's—I asked her what she had done with the desk—she said she had sold it to Mrs. Lucas—I went there, and found it—she gave it up to me—it had been broken open, as it is now—I took the prisoner Stoner into custody, and made search after Leonard—I found him at another house, and in a hat-box, which he owned as his, I found this card-case, pen-wiper, and pen—he said they did not belong to him—this was on Saturday, the 22nd—they were owned by Mr. Rust's servant.

Leonard. You took me on the following Friday? Witness. I believe it was so—it was on the 24th 1 apprehended Stoner.





WILLIAM HEMP
. I am a Sheriff's officer. Portman-square is in the parish of Marylebone.

Stoner's Defence. I was going down George-street at a quarter-past eight o'clock on Saturday evening, and met a strange man, who asked me to sell the desk for him, if I could I should have half-a-crown—I went and offered it, and the person did not want it—I shook the desk, and shook the pen out, with a piece of paper, and a pen-wiper—I put them into Leonard's hat-box, and then took it to Mrs. Lucas, and she gave me 3s. for it.


Leonard's Defence. I know nothing about the things being in my box—I had not been home till three or four o'clock—when I was at the watch-house he brought these things against me.

STONER—


GUILTY.* Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.

LEONARD—


NOT GUILTY
.
