



1418. 




JOHN EVENDEN
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
22nd of April, a certain letter, containing 1 sovereign, 1 half-sovereign, and I groat, the monies of 



Thomas William, Earl of Litchfield, her Majesty's Postmaster General.—Other COUNTS charging him with embezzling and secreting the same.






WILLIAM ABBOTT
. I am a letter-carrier in the Two-penny Post-office, Charing Cross, branch-office; the prisoner was also a letter-carrier in the same office. On the evening of the 22nd of April, I was employed in sorting letters at the office, and so was he—he is a sorter when he is in the office—he sorts for the South Western division—he was sorting there that evening, and I observed when he came to one letter he took particular notice of it—he felt it, and did not place it in the box before him—(there were seven boxes before him for the different divisions)—instead of placing it in one of them, he placed it underneath the other letters—he then sorted into the different boxes till he got to that letter again, and then he took up other letters and placed on the top of it a second time—when he had sorted them into the different walks, he took this letter to his own desk—I had suspicion that the letter did not belong to his walk, and I informed Mr. Gapes, the Inspector—he went to him in a short time, when he was about to leave the office, and asked him for his bag and letters—he took his bag and letters, and out of his bag Mr. Gapes took two letters and an account-book—one letter was much less than the other—I should know the letters which were taken out of the bag—I should not be able to recognize the letter he took to his own desk—not by the direction—I noticed the two letters that were taken out of the bag, and read the address of one—it was, "Mr. Seymour, gold-beater, Long Acre"—(looking at a letter)—this is it, and I believe it to be the letter which he put behind the others—MR. Gapes only took two letters out of the bag—there were no more in the bag.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How near were you to him when he was sorting? A. If we had stood upright I might have been a yard from him—I was not a yard from him—I was leaning over the desk opposite his desk—I had no occupation then—I was merely a looker-on—I was near enough to have read the addresses if they had been held up to me, not without—the backs of the letters were generally towards me—he might sort sixty letters altogether, or it might be one hundred—we have never been intimate, nor unfriendly—we have not been at all cool to one another—the desks in the Post-office are open—there were two or three persons sorting at them—I do not believe there were four, but I could not swear it—the letter-carriers generally keep their bags in the box, I believe—they may be put in the desk at times—I have never seen them in the desk when the letters have been there—when they come in sometimes, and all the letters are emptied out of the bag, they may put the bag in the desk—I have not seen it done—I have seen a bag in a desk, but never when they were sorting.


MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. He was sorting at a desk, and you at the opposite side? A. Yes, I could not read a direction upside down very well.





THOMAS GAPES
. I am Inspector of the letter-carriers at the Branch-office, Charing Cross. On the evening of the 22nd of April, Abbott gave me information, and I examined the prisoner's bag—I found there two letters, and a small memorandum-book, in which they keep their accounts—I asked him how they came there—he at first said he did not know, and then that somebody must have put them there—I said he had placed him-self in an awkward situation, and sent for an officer—he had been employed that evening in sorting paid letters—this is one of the letters I found in his bag—it is directed to Mr. Seymour, gold-beater, No. 38, Long Acre, London—this is a paid letter—the prisoner is a letter-carrier as well as a sorter—that letter was not in his walk—he had no right with that letter in his possession at that time—it bears three stamps—one Reading, the paid stamp of the General Post-office in St. Martin's-le-Grand, and the date stamp of the Two-penny Post-office, St. Martin's-le-Grand, 8 night, April 22—that would not be in the office as a dead letter—it was sealed when I found it—the prisoner at that time had a bundle of letters prepared for delivery—it was not among them—they were not in the bag.

Cross-examined. Q. Where were the letters he had for delivery? A. They were lying in his desk—he said he must have taken them up in mistake, as dead letters—there are occasionally mistakes made by sorters—the prisoner has frequently returned dead letters to me—he was at his own desk when I went to him—the seals of both letters were unbroken.

MR. SHEPHERD. Q. What is a dead letter? A. A letter which has been taken to the address, and they are not able to deliver it, and return it as a dead letter—the dead letters he has returned to me were on his own walk.





JAMES EDWARD SEYMOUR
. I am a gold-beater, and live at No. 38, Long Acre, in partnership with my father. This letter was not brought to me by any body from the Post-office—I saw it at Bow-street, and opened it—it contained one sovereign, a half-sovereign, and a four-penny piece—it purports to be written by Mr. Butler, of Reading, who is a correspondent of ours.





MARK BEACHAM PEACOCK
. I am solicitor to the Post-office. Thomas William, Earl of Litchfield, is Postmaster General, and was so at that time.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Coltman.

