



1431. 




ELIZA BRESNAM
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of April, 1 purse, value 1d.; 10 shillings, and 2 sixpences; the property of 



Thomas John Jones, from his person.






THOMAS JOHN JONES
. I am a printer, and live at No. 3, New-court, Carey-street; I am twenty years old. On the 11th of April, about half-past twelve o'clock at night, I was in Bartlett's-passage—two persons came running down and caught hold of me—while I was trying to get away for five minutes, by speaking to them, the prisoner took my purse out of my waistcoat pocket—they had hold of my arm—I did not exactly struggle to get away—I did not feel her put her hand in my pocket, but I saw the purse in her hand—I accused her of taking it—the denied having it—I tried to get it from her—I saw the end of it in her hand—it was a green purse—it got torn—I got part of it in my hand, but did not get the other part away—I gave her in charge of a policeman—the purse and money produced are mine.

Prisoner. He met me in Holborn, he caught hold of me and took me up Bartlett's-buildings, and inside the gates, he said he lived there, and would open the door and take me in. Witness. I did not





GEORGE CULLEN
 (City police-constable, No. 263.) On the 11th of April, about half-past twelve o'clock at night, I was coming down Bartlett's-buildings, and heard a scuffle—I immediately went and saw the prisoner and prosecutor scuffling together—he said she had taken hit purse—he had part of the purse in his hand, and the other part was in her hand—I took her to the station—she denied having the purse, but I took it from her—there was 1s. 6d. in it.

Prisoner. He passed the gateway two or three times while we were there, and the young man had a cloak on; he said, "Here comes a policeman, let me cover your bonnet over with my cloak," which he did, and the policeman did not see us then; when you came to the gate, did not you say, "You have been committing a nuisance, and I must take you up?" A. No, I did not say anything of the sort; I had not seen them before; I had not been up to the place before; I did not see the other woman.





THOMAS JOHN JONES

re-examined. I did not put my cloak over her bonnet, nothing of the kind passed—I was trying to get away during the five minutes, and then found my purse gone from my pocket—there were two women at first.

Prisoner's Defence. We were there longer than five minutes; I neither dragged him, nor he me; he walked voluntarily up the court, which leads out of the buildings into Fetter-lane; he said, "Wait a minute," and when he got me inside the gate, he said, "I have not got the key, I

cannot take you in;" he had the gate in his hand, and the policeman said, "You have been committing a nuisance, I shall take you, my lady, to the station-house;" I said I should not go without him, and then he said, "She has been robbing me of my purse."





GEORGE CULLEN

re-examined. I did not say I should take her for committing a nuisance; the prosecutor had not the gate in his hand. 


GUILTY
.* Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.
