



1491. 




THOMAS WOOD
 was again indicted

 for unlawfully obtaining, by false pretences, 3 sovereigns, 10 shillings, 1 sixpence, and 1 penny, of 



John Randall, with intent to cheat him thereof.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN RANDALL
. I am a wheelwright, and live in Regent-street. On the 29th of March the prisoner called on me for 3l. 10s. 7d. for Mr. Jones to whom I owed that money—I had known the prisoner before as his servant—he said he called for Mr. Jones's account—I told him to call the next day, and I would look out the bill and pay him—he called and I paid him three sovereigns, 10s. 6d. in silver, and 1d.





GEORGE JONES
. I am an ironmonger, and live at No. 27, Old Fish-street. I discharged the prisoner on the 10th of March—he certainly had no authority for receiving money on my account after that day—he nefer accounted to me for this sum of Mr. Randall's—he never named it.

Prisoner. Q. You say I was discharged on the 10th of March? A. Yes, in the presence of my son—I did not request you to call on any one after that day—I gave you strict orders not to do so—you were not to call on Piercy nor on Scott—I told you not to call on any one.

COURT. Q. Did you authorise him to go to Mr. Randall and get this sum? A. No, I did not.

Prisoner. He requested me to call on several persons after he discharged me on the 10th of March—I called on the Saturday evening and gave him the account of Mr. Durant, but I have not been able to insure his attendance—Mr. Jones requested me to call on several parties—he denies it, but he knows he is stating what is not true—I will appeal to Mr. Charles Jones, his son.

Prisoner to
CHARLES JONES. Q. Do you remember my calling on the 17th of March, which was the last Monday morning I was at the ware-house, and waiting for your father? A. No—you called after you were discharged, but you did not deliver any orders after the 10th of March—you sent them by letter—I did not copy an order in the order-book after the 10th of March.

Prisoner. I had no intention of defrauding Mr. Jones; he has been industriously circulating every evil report he could against me; there seems no chance for me this day, but I trust that some day the truth will come out; I have only to throw myself on your mercy.




GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
