




1172. 




JOHN BURTON
 and 




DAVID BARRY
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
25th of March, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 



Frederick Terry, from his person; and that they had each been before convicted of felony.






FREDERICK TERRY
. I live in Bridge-street, Southwark. On the 25th of March; about four o'clock, I was passing through Thames-street—Mr. Morgan, who was in a wagon, called out to me that my pocket was picked—I turned, and the two prisoners were dose behind me, and no one else was so near to me as they were—I seized Burton, and, with the assistance of another person, we kept them till the policeman came—we found nothing on them, but my handkerchief was found in a house close to where I seized Barton—this is it—(produced.)





THOMAS MORGAN
. I live in White Hart-street, Kennington. I was near Brewers' quay, in Thames-street, at near four o'clock that day—I saw the two prisoners following the prosecutor—I kept my eye on them, and Burton took the handkerchief from the prosecutor's pocket, wiped his nose with it, then down went the handkerchief, and I saw no more of it—Barry was close to him at the time—I had seen them for two or three minutes—they appeared to be acquainted.





JOHN JOHNSON
. I was at Mr. Everett's door, and heard Morgan sing out to the prosecutor that he was robbed—he turned round and took Burton, and I laid hold of Barry—he made a desperate resistance, bit and kicked me, and tried to get away—the handkerchief was found in a house next door to where they were taken.





GEORGE HYTHE
 (City police-constable, No. 227.) I took the prisoners, and have the handkerchief.


Barry's Defence. I was going to my mother at Billingsgate, to carry some fish home; I was behind this prisoner; he said, "Walk away from me;" I said, "I shan't," and then he picked the gentleman's pocket; the carman called out, and the witness took me; I was not with this prisoner two minutes.

Burton. I did not take it at all; I should be glad if you would put me in a Refuge.





WILLIAM BARATTON
 (City police-constable, No. 90.) I produce a certificate of Burton's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the same person who was tried in the name of Bowles.





JOHN PARKER
 (police-sergeant K 10.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Barry's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person.
(Ann Goodman, a lodging-house-keeper in Butler's-buildings; Catherine Clarke, of Church-lane, St. George's-in-the-East, gave Barry a good character; Mary Collins, the wife of a tailor in Bowles-yard, Whitechapel, and——Powell, Burton's grandmother, gave him a good character.)

BURTON*—


GUILTY
. Aged 13.

BARRY**—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.




Transported for Ten Years.
