




2602. 




WILLIAM CLARK
 and 



GEORGE COUCH
 were indicted for

 feloniously receiving, on the 
25th of September, 45lbs. weight of nails, value 1l. 10s. 9d., the goods of 



Benjamin Robinson, well knowing the same to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES BARBER
. (A prisoner.) I am sixteen years old, and have been in gaol since the Magistrate committed me—I was in the service of Mr. Benjamin Robinson, in Little Britain—I was working in the farriery—I know Clark—my master had some nails for securing the shoes of horses at his farriery. On the 23rd of September I took 43lbs. weight of my master's nails to Clark—I know there was 43lbs., because I weighed them—the nails were kept in a loft at my master's—there was one sort of nails, and three sizes of the sort—I took them wrapped up in some tow, from one to two o'clock in the day—I had been to Clark once before with an old man—when I got there on the 23rd of September I saw Couch, who is a man who Clark keeps—I told him I had brought some nails—he said I was to wait till Clark came in—Clark was out—I waited an hour and a half—when he came he told Couch to go and weigh them—when Couch came back he told Clark there were 43lbs., and Mrs. Clark said I must take 4lbs. off for the wrappers—Clark gave me 10s.—Couch took the nails

across into the house where Clark lived, and emptied them out—Clark reckoned the value of the nails at 16s. 10d.—he gave me 10s., and said he would give me the rest when I came again—I went again on the Monday —he told me to come again on the Saturday—I had left nails at the same place before—when I went with the old man I did not go in to the shop—I had not settled with Clark for any nails when the old man was with me—the old man used to give me what he liked—the foreman of my master's establishment missed some nails, and asked me about them—I gave an account to him of what I had done with the nails—I do not recollect what day it was—it was the day Clark was taken—in consequence of what I told Mr. Boreham, I was employed on the 29th to take 20lbs. of nails to Clark's house, and the officer followed me.

Cross-examined by
MR. FRAZER. Q. Do you know the difference between being committed for trial, and being in prison the first time? A. No, I was only walking in the street with the policeman one day—I have been advised to speak the truth—I told the truth—I was not advised that I know of—I spoke the truth, that is all—no one told me—I have not always said that some one else gave me 10s., and not Clark—Clark gave it me—I have said so before—I did not have any conversation with the policeman—I was out with him one day, till twelve o'clock—he asked me where the old man lived, and his name, and he could not find him any where—I went out with him at five in the morning, and staid till twelve—nothing took place about Clark, not a word, nor about Couch—I do not know who the old man was—he used to go about buying parings—he came into the yard and asked if I had got any nails to sell—I never said that some money was to be given to the old man—Mr. Clark said he supposed he was my grandfather.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Where did you go with the old man to receive the money? A. I stopped outside Clark's house while the old man went in to get the money—the two prisoners were in custody when the Magistrate gave me directions to go with the policeman to try to find the old man.





CYRUS BOREHAM
. I am principal clerk to Mr. Benjamin Robinson. On the 1st of September I received three bags of nails, called sixes, sevens, and eights—they weighed 5cwt. 1qr. 17lbs. —they were put in a loft over the farrier's shop—in consequence of information I examined and weighed them on the 29th of September—there were 2cwt. 2qrs. deficient, besides what we had used, which I suppose was about 1cwt.—in consequence of suspicion I questioned Barber, and he made a disclosure to me on the subject of these nails—in consequence of what he said, I weighed 20lbs. of the nails, we had left, and marked about fifty of them—we gave the nails to Barber to take as he used to do—I and a policeman whom I had sent for, went in plain clothes, and followed Barber—he went to Clark's shop between three and four in the afternoon—he waited about an hour and a half—I saw Clark go in a few minutes previous to Couch coming out to weigh the nails—he took them to a chandler's shop directly opposite where we were waiting—in five or ten minutes after Couch returned to Clark's shop, Barker came out—he gave the officer 4s,—we then went into the shop—the officer pointed to the nails and said, "I have come about these nails"—Clark said to the man in the farrier's shop, "You make haste and shoe my horse"—the officer then told Clark he must go along with us—when he got outside, and saw we were determined to take him, he endeavoured to make his escape, and said he knew nothing about the nails—on the following morning I examined the back wall at Clark's shop—

the wail was very much scratched on Clark's side—they were such scratches as would be made by a parcel of nails being got up and thrown over the wall, they appeared quite fresh, and by the side of the wall on Clark's side I found one nail, and three nails on the other side—they were the same sort as belonged to my master—since then 2cwt. all but 12lbs. of nails, have been produced by Mrs. Twigg, which are of the same description and size as my master's—I believe them to be his property, and they and the others which have been found make up nearly the amount we lost.

Cross-examined. Q. When you found these marks on the wall, were the prisoners in custody? A. Yes—when Clark was taken, I should say he was not sober—he was not so much in liquor but that he knew what he was about—he did not say that the premises were not his—I should not have taken him to be Clark.





EDWARD HUTCHINGS
 (City police-constable, No. 207.) I went to Clark's house—I saw Couch come out with a bag and a paper—he went to a green-grocer's shop, and then went back—Barber came out and gave me 4s., and said that was what he sold the nails for—I then went in and saw the nails on the side of the board—I saw Couch there—I said to him, "Are you master of the shop"—he gave no answer—Clark then came to the side of the horse—I said, "I come about these nails you bought"—he said to Couch, "Do my horse"—I said, "I am an officer, I came about these nails"—he said, "I know nothing about the nails; what nails I buy, I buy at my ironmongers"—when I brought him out he tried to escape—I saw the marks on the sides of the wall—it appeared to me that the nails had been put up on one side of the wall, and put down on the other side—I saw a bag of nails produced which appeared to me the same as those at the prosecutor's—they had small bits of tow mixed with them.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you not go with Mr. Boreham? Yes—I did not see Clark go into his shop—the first time I saw him was when I went into the shop—he was then standing by the side of the horse.





JAMES WILD
. I am a coal-dealer, and keep a chandler's-shop very near Clark's farriery. On the 23rd of September, Couch came to me to weigh some nails—I weighed them—there were upwards of 40lbs. of them.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you not see some one come there with a boy? A. There was an old man came one day—Clark used to send things to be weighed at my place.





SUSANNAH TWIGG
. I am single, and live in Britannia-street—my back yard is divided from Mr. Clark's premises by a wall—I did not know who the premises belonged to, but the officer got on the wall and said so. On the 29th of September, I was in my back kitchen, about eight o'clock at night, and all at once I heard something fall off the wall—I went out and saw the shadow of two men at a distance—I then went to my work again, and when my nephew came home he found a large bag of nails—I let the police have them.





BENJAMIN PHILLIPS
. I am a policeman.—I received the bag of nails from Twigg.
(William Hughes, a master carman; George Little, omnibus proprietor;—Burrows, a master baker;—Stanbury, a carman; and—Taunton, a farrier; gave Clark a good character.)

CLARK—


GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

COUCH—


NOT GUILTY
.
(There was another indictment against the prisoners, upon which no evidence was offered.)
