





1829. 




DANIEL HARNETT
, and 




JOHN JAMES PICKMAN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
20th of May, 1 watch, value 2l. 10s.; and 1 stand, 10s.; the goods of 



William Blandford; arid 




MARTIN LANE



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.; to which


HARNETT pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 13.—


Transported for Seven Years—Convict Ship..


PICKMAN pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 10.—



Confined Ten Days and 



Whipped.








WILLIAM BLANDFORD
. I am a carver and gilder, and live in Bouverie-street. On the 20th of May I left home about nine o'clock—this is the case of my watch—it was the first one I had of my own, and my name is in it.





HARRIETT BLANDFORD
. On the 20th of May I locked the parlour door—the watch was safe hanging over the mantel-piece in the parlour—I went out—I returned about eleven o'clock—the door was unlocked then, and about twelve I missed the watch.





CHARLES MILLER
. I am a pot-boy. I was going to the prosecutor's premises that morning, and met Harnett in Bouverie-street coming from the Coach and Horses—I went again with some beer, and saw Harnett coming off the steps of the prosecutor's door with something under his jacket—I do not know what it was.





JAMES GOFF
. I live in Bouverie-street. I saw Harnett and Pickmanon the step of the prosecutor's door—Harnett had his hand in his jacket, as though he had something in it.





GEORGE WARDLE
 (City police-constable, No. 235.) I took Harnett—I told him the charge, and then I took Pickman—I afterwards went after Lane, and found him in a court in King-street—I told him I wanted him to go with me—he said, "I suppose it is about the watch?"—I said "Yes"—he said, "I sold it for 3s. 6d., and had 10d. out of the money"—he said he had sold the works to a boy for some halfpence, and hearing of the other two boys being in custody he went to the boy, got the works back again, and threw them in the bottom of a sewer in Well-street—I found this case at Collingridge's.





EDWARD COLLINGRIDGE
. I purchased this watch-case of Lane for 3s. 6d.—it weighed about an ounce—I first stopped it, and told him to send his mother—about an hour after he brought a man, who stated that it was perfectly right, it was found by the boy, and that his mother went out nursing—I purchased it partly through the man's observation, and gave the money to Lane—he told me a boy named Pickman found it in Whitechapel. Lane's Defence. I never had the watch; it was all smashed to pieces; I found two or three little wheels, and sold them to a boy—I bought it of Pickman; he told me to say he found it; I never had the stand.

LANE—


NOT GUILTY
.
