



1487. 



WILLIAM GEEVES
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 half-crown, 2 shillings, and 6 sixpences; the monies of 



Charles Bunn, from the person of 



Elle Bunn; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ELLEN BUNN
. I am the wife of Charles Bunn, and live at No. 70, Brunswick-street, Hackney-road. I have not been with my husband lately. On the 7th of June I went to the Gun public-house, in Shoreditch, at two o'clock in the morning—I went into the parlour, and remained there till near five—I went there to see for my husband—he drinks very much, and I expected he would be there—I came out of the parlour about five o'clock, and stood by the bar-door—the prisoner was sitting close against me, with a female and two or three men—he got up and called me by name, and asked how I was—I looked at him, and said. "Very well, thank you"—he came and took the glass that I had, and drank out of it—I felt him pull my dress, and I missed half-a-crown, two shillings, and six sixpences—they were in my pocket in a paper—I saw the paper in his hand—I pulled a piece of it off, and gave it to the landlord, and he threw it down in front of the bar—I am sure it was the paper the money was in—there was the mark of the money on the paper—I took it up—the prisoner and the others got it out of my hand and destroyed it—before they destroyed it I had ascertained that it was the paper that had had my money—I told the prisoner he had robbed me—he said, "Oh, nonsense."

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What is your husband? A. An omnibus coachman—we do not live apart, but they do not allow him to come in at all hours of the night, which he is in the habit of doing—I get my living by work, and what I get from my friends—I went to the public-house about two o'clock, to see my husband, and I remained there till five—before two I had come from home—I was not out the night before—I was out the night after—I am not often out of a night—I am, when it suits me to go out—the prisoner was not so drunk as he appeared to be—he went out and crossed on the other side of the way, but I had accused him of robbing me before that—I said to the prisoner, "Don't rob me," and he said, "Oh, nonsense"—a man

said, "I robbed you," and I said, "Yes, you did"—that was before the prisoner robbed me—the money I lost was in my pocket, in front of my dress—my husband told me to prosecute the prisoner, and he said he would run me through with a knife if I did not prosecute—I do not believe that my husband went afterwards to the prisoner's brother, and tried to get money—my husband drinks a little, but he would not encourage robbing—I am a respectable hard-working woman—on the night after this I went to my sister's, in Hoxton, as I do when I have not what I want at home, but they will not keep my husband—I very seldom go to concerts—I have been two or three times to Grove's Concert-rooms—I never had my face blackened in my life—I have gone home shortly after the concerts have been over—I have gone home with my husband, most times—I never went with any person in place of my husband—I have never taken any one home with me—I do not help to get my living by going with other persons—I never go home with other men—my home is too respectable, through it is poor—I did not like the idea of prosecuting—I never was before a Magistrate in my life—I stopped in the public-house from two till five, by myself—I interfered with no one—I was anxious to see my husband—we have been in apartments lately, which is not like having our own house—the people in the house will not allow my husband, as he gets tipsy, to come home at all hours in the night—it is not at all agreeable, and I objected to it—I do not like any one to make a disturbance—I went to the public-house because my husband gets in there with bad company, treating them with drink; and I was anxious to see whether he was there or not—I was at home the night before, and the night after—I slept at home in my own bed—I had been out in the evening, but I came home about one or two o'clock—I did not go out at all the night after that—I do not often go out—my usual time of going to bed is eleven, if I have work to do I sit up till twelve.

Q. Did you not once say you had been robbed of some money in a public-house, and was not that money found when the house was swept? A. Not till a man came to me, and said, "What money have you in your pocket?"—I said, "I think I have two or three half-crowns"—he told me to feel, and I had not got the money—he went to two or three men, and they said, "You must hold the door, and say you will give him into custody, or you won't get it;" and then the man that I felt touch my dress, said he would go and look in the dust, and he found one half-crown, but I saw him put it back into the dust out of the sleeve of his coat—I saw it plainly—I did not see my husband on this morning when I was robbed—I saw him in the middle of the day—the prisoner was standing close by me, and I felt his hand in my pocket—I went to him, and said, "You have robbed me," and I saw the paper in his hand—I pulled a piece of it out of his hand—I gave it to the landlord, and he threw it down—I went to pick it up again, and some of the prisoner's connexion tore it out of my hand, and passed another piece of paper to the prisoner, and he said, "This is what I had," but I knew it was nothing of the kind—I was not tipsy nor stupid—I had a little gin-and-water at the Gun—I did not leave my house till twelve at night—I went to my husband—he was going home with the last omnibus—he wanted me to ride, but I said no I would walk—I went to the public-house, but people do not go to a public-house to be murdered—I was knocked down there—I pulled part of the paper out of the prisoner's hand, and I saw the other piece remaining in his hand, but whether the money remained in that, I cannot tell—it was a piece of whiteybrown paper, a piece of a flour-bag, and on that portion I got I

saw the print of the money—I had brought the money from home—I had received a parcel from home, which I do every week; and I received a half-sovereign in the parcel, from my mother—she sends me half-a-sovereign a week, which is very little—if I want more I can have it—I will swear my mother sent me the half-sovereign—I had changed it in the day—I do not know where I changed it—my mother lives at St. Alban's—the money came by the coach—there was some pork, and some bread, and a great many other things in the parcel.





FREDERICK SCOTT
. I live in Winkworth-buildings, Hoxton, and am a gasman. I went into the Gun public-house, about five o'clock in the morning. on the 7th of June—the prisoner and other persons were there—I saw the prosecutrix standing at the bar—the prisoner was close to her—I saw some fellows chuck her under the chin, and the prisoner immediately left her side and walked close to me—I noticed a piece of brown paper in his hand—the prosecutrix went to him, accused him of robbing her, and snatched the piece of paper out of his hand—she said that was the very piece of paper her money was wrapped up in—she gave the piece of paper to the landlord, and he threw it down—I saw somebody give the prisoner another piece of paper, and he said, "This is the very piece I had in my hand"—the prisoner went out, and Mr. Bunn followed him, and gave him in charge.

Cross-examined. Q. How long did the prisoner remain in the public-house after the piece of paper was put into his hand? A. Twenty minutes, or half-an-hour—I was going by there on my way home—I work for the City Gas Company—I went there to give a fellow-servant of mine something to drink, to help me to do my work that morning—I did not see any money, I only saw Mr. Bun snatch a bit of paper from the prisoner when he was close to me.





CHARLES RAYMAN
 (police-constable H 95.) At a little before six o'clock that morning I was on duty in Shoreditch—I met the prosecutrix outside the public-house—she charged the prisoner with having robbed her of 7s. 6d.—I took him into custody—I told him what I wanted him for.

Cross-examined. Q. He had got across the road? A. Yes—I saw him on the other side of the way—I went and took him by the arm and said, "I want you for picking this person's pocket of 7s. 6d."—he said, "Very well"—I found on him 4 1/2 d. in copper, and a sixpence in silver.

MR. PAYNE
to
ELLEN BUNN. Q. Did you leave your parasol at the Gun for a quartern of gin? A. I wanted to leave it, because I did not want to show my money, because I had been robbed there before—I just put the parasol over the bar—I told the landlord I had money, but I did not want to show it.





HENRY BEAN
. I was a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted, on the 23rd of Aug., 1841, and confined ten days)—the prisoner is the person—I have known him ever since—he has been in custody a great many times.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Ten Years.

