



1127. 




WILLIAM BUCHANAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of February, at 
St. Dunstan Stebonheatb, alias Stepney, 10 sixpences, 8. groats, 4 10l. Bank-notes, and 1 5l. Bank-note, the property of 



George Buchanan, in his dwelling-house; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






SARAH BUCHANAN
. The prisoner is my son. On the 17th of February my husband went out about three o'clock—about five I went into my bed-room, and observed that the box had been opened—the lid was not quite open—I called the prisoner—he was down stairs—I said, "What

have you been doing, William?"—he did not answer—I said, "If you have been taking any thing from the box, put it back again"—he said "I have nothing," and walked down stairs, and left the house—I then fainted—I did not see him again till he was brought home by his father—the lock of the box had been broken.





GEORGE BUCHANAN
, I live in the parish of Stepney. On Sunday, the 21st of March, I looked into my chest, in my bed-room—there were four 10d. notes and one 5l. note, 10s. 6d. in silver, and about eight groats—I locked them up in the chest again—I went out, about three o'clock in the afternoon, with my wife—we returned about five—I went out again—when I came back in the evening, my wife gave me information—I went up stairs, and found the lid of my box broken open, and the four 10l., and the one 5l. notes, and the silver, gone—the prisoner did not return—I saw no more of him till I took him myself, three weeks after, in the Commercial-road—I took him into custody, and brought him home—I have never recovered a farthing of the money.





JAMES PORTCH
. I am a policeman. The prisoner was delivered into my custody by his father—I found on him forty leaden bullets, a quantity of loose powder, 6 3/4 d. in money, and a penknife, which his father claimed,—as I was taking him to the station, I asked whether be had any accomplice in spending such a quantity of money in such a little time—he said he had, but he did not know where he lived, where he was, or what his name was—he said he had spent the money going to different watering-places.

Prisoner. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.





HENRY OVBRTON
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
, Aged 17.—


Transported for Life.
