



1734. 




JOHN BLOOMER WEEKS



, feloniously attempting to discharge a pistol at 



Frederick Shipton, with intent to murder him:—2d COUNT, with intent to do him grievous bodily harm:—3d COUNT, to prevent his lawful apprehension and detainer.


MESSRS. RYLAND
and
LAURIE
conducted the Prosecution.
FREDERICK SHIPTON (City policeman, 114). On the afternoon of 4th Sept. I was on duty in Basinghall-street—a person named Hammond came to me, and as we walked towards London-wall he pointed to the prisoner, and said, "That is the man"—the prisoner was then standing on the other side of the street, and the moment Hammond pointed him out he took a pistol from his right-hand jacket pocket, and before I had time to advance an inch, he pointed it towards me and said, "Stand off, for your life! one step and I will fire"—I rushed on him, and when I got about a yard, or a yard and a half from him, he pulled the trigger, but it missed fire—I heard the click of the lock—I did not see the priming burn—I seized him, threw him down, held him on the ground, and Hammond took the pistol from him—the prisoner said, "It is a good job for you that it did not go off, or else you would have had it"—on the way to the station he said he would have his revenge—when we got to the station I searched him, and he took a bullet-mould from his trowsers pocket and threw it on the desk, and I found on him some gun-powder, two pieces of iron, and a comb—he was quite sober—I afterwards took the pistol to Mr. London, a gunsmith, of 51, London-wall—the charge was there drawn in my presence—it consisted of this powder and ball—(produced)—I afterwards conveyed the prisoner to Newgate, and going down Newgate-street he said he wished he had shot me; he would rather be hung for me, than have fifteen years' transportation, for he knew he should have that—I asked him what object he could have in shooting me, as I did

him no injury—he said had he shot me he should have had his liberty, so that he might have revenge.

Prisoner. Q. When you took the pistol away, did you make any remark? A. No—I did not say it was a good job it had not gone off; you made use of that remark—you did not say it was intended for Mr. Lovell—I did not tell you anything about any letters Mr. Lovell had against you—I swear you did not say to Hammond that you would do for him and Lovell too—Hammond gave me the pistol, and the inspector at the station looked at it—he did something to see if there was ball in it—there was a piece of paper on the top of it, which he pulled out—I swear I saw the gunsmith draw the ball from the pistol—he unscrewed the muzzle, and knocked the ball out with a piece of iron—the ball could not go into the muzzle.

MR. RYLAND. Q. Was the pistol ever out of your sight? A. No—this is the same pistol—I was in uniform.

Prisoner. Q. Was not the pistol out of your sight when you went outside to pot the shutters of the station up? A. I did not go outside to put them up—there is a glass window that I could see through, and I saw it in the inspector's hand all the time.

COURT. Q. Did you find any ball in the prisoner's pocket? A. No, only an iron thimble and a piece of iron, which I produce.





ROBERT HAMMOND
. I am in the service of Mr. Lovell, a clothworker, of Basinghall-street. On Tuesday, 4th Sept., I saw the prisoner in Basinghall-street—I knew him by sight before—he was ten or twelve yards from Mr. Lovell's house—I also saw Shipton about four yards from him—I pointed out the prisoner to him, and said," That is him"—I should think I spoke loud enough for the prisoner to hear, and I said there was a warrant out against him, and to take him into custody—we went up to him, and when we were within a yard and a half or so of him he took a pistol out of his jacket pocket and presented it, I should say, at Shipton—I cannot say exactly which of us it was meant for—I was alongside of Shipton—when he presented the pistol he said," But another step, and I will fire," or" take your life," or words to that effect—I should say he said that to Shipton—we were both together—Shipton had his police dress on—I suppose he spoke to both of us when he said" Stand back"—he looked at Shipton—he then pulled the trigger, and it flashed in the pan—I went to lay hold of him, but the policeman darted at him and threw him down, and I took the pistol from him—I did not go forward to him before the pistol went off, but Shipton did—I did not notice him pull the trigger, but I heard the cock and saw the flash—I afterwards gave the pistol to Shipton—Shipton took him into custody, and took him to the station-house—in going along I endeavoured to assist Shipton, and the prisoner said," I will do for you and Mr. Lovell before long."

Prisoner. Q. Did not you tell me, as we went to the station, that I had done a pretty job for myself, and it would serve me right if I was hung for it? A. No—I said at Guildhall that I saw the flash from the pistol—I saw the flash was from the gunpowder—it was not the spark from the flint and steel—I did not say, as we were going to the station," I have got you at last"—the warrant was taken out against you for sending threatening letters and annoyance, and for presenting what Mr. Lovell thought was a pistol at him—the warrant was got out next day—Mr. Lovell showed me the letter.





EDWARD DANGERFIELD
. I am in the service of the Royal Mail Steam-packet Company. On the afternoon of 4th Sept. I was in Basinghall-street, and saw Shipton and Hammond there and the prisoner—I saw Hammond go

to Shipton, and he walked across the road to the prisoner—the prisoner then drew a pistol from his side-pocket, and presented it at the policeman, saying "Advance another step and I will fire"—the policeman advanced, and I distinctly saw the flash in the pan—I did not hear the click—there was then a struggle between Shipton and the prisoner—they both fell, and the prisoner was secured—Hammond took the pistol from the prisoner—they then both got up, and the prisoner said, "I have lost my defence; I will go quietly"—as they were walking, the prisoner turned round towards him and said "I will have my revenge"—he was then taken to the station.

Prisoner. Q. How far was I from Shipton when Hammond pointed to me? A. About five yards—you were not above two yards from him when you pointed the pistol—I heard you distinctly say, "Stand off, or I will fire"—I did not hear you say to Hammond, on the way to the station, that you would do for him and Lovell—I did not hear you say to the policeman it was a good job it did not go off—I was close by—I did not go all the way to the station—I was not at Guildhall.





WILLIAM ORAM
. I am in the service of Mr. Lovell. On the afternoon of 4th Sept. I was in Basinghall-street—I saw Shipton advance towards the prisoner to take him into custody—he put his hand into his right-hand pocket, took a pistol out, presented it, and said, "Stand off, for your life! another step and I will fire"—he pulled the trigger; it missed fire, and flashed in the pan—I saw the flash—he was taken into custody, and I saw the pistol taken from him by Hammond.

Prisoner. Q. What did he do with it? A. Gave it to Shipton—when Hammond pointed at you, Shipton was on the kerb on the other side—the street is not more than five yards wide—there is not room for two carts to pass—he was not more than a yard and a half from Shipton when you presented the pistol—Shipton did not make any remark—he ran at you with his head downwards, and knocked you down—he was standing upright when you attempted to fire—I did not get under a cart; I was by a cart—I did not assist in getting the pistol from you—I was eight or ten yards off when you presented it.





EDWARD LONDON
. I am a gun-maker, of London Wall. On 4th Sept. Shipton brought this pistol to me—I unscrewed it, drew the charge, and it contained powder and a bullet—I gave it to Shipton, folded up in this paper—this bullet-mould would make bullets to fit this pistol—I do not think the pistol had been fired, although it had been pulled—I do not think there appeared to be any soot on the pan—I think it was clean as it is now—I do not think it had been primed, or if it was, it was with such poor powder that it would not act as the best powder would—if it had fired it would have blacked the pan—I do not think it could have flashed in the pan—I did not hold the pistol in my hand while I unscrewed the barrel; I put it in a vice, so that I took no soot off the pan—when I saw it first of all, I think it was clean.

Prisoner. Q. Was the hammer back at the time? A. I will not be sure.—I opened it two or three times—I cannot say in what state it was when I first had it—I cannot say whether it was on half-cock or down—I think the trigger had been drawn, although the powder did not flash—there were the marks of the flint on the hammer—it always leaves a new mark.





JOHN ROE
. I am a City-officer, attending the Justice-room at Guildhall. I produce a warrant issued by Sir Peter Laurie for the apprehension of the prisoner for using threats towards Mr. Lovell—(read)—the prisoner is the party named in the warrant.


Prisoner's Defence. I did present the pistol to the policeman; I do not deny that, but I deny ever drawing the trigger; the witness Shipton said I told him to stand back or I would take his life, and if he advanced another step I would fire; Hammond, though close to Shipton, never heard me say so; he says today he saw a flash: at Guildhall he said he saw a spark; the witnesses differ as to the words I used, and the gun-smith is not able to say in what state the pistol was when brought to him; I saw Hammond go to the policeman; I knew Mr. Lovell had a warrant against me; I saw Hammond tap the policeman on the shoulder; I was then just opposite Mr. Lovell's door, and the policeman might have been twenty-five doors from me; I went walking along as if I took no notice of them till I saw Hammond pointing to me, saying, "That is the man;" I took the pistol from my trowsers-pocket, not my jacket, and the moment Hammond said, "That is the man" I said, "And that is the man, so stand off;" those were all the words I uttered; I never did pull the trigger, neither was the pan of the pistol down when the policeman took it from my hand; I believe if the pistol was to be cocked the pan would not fall back, it falls but half-way.





EDWARD DANGERFIELD

re-examined. I distinctly saw the flash from the powder—I saw the smoke, as if from gunpowder—I did not know the prisoner before.





WILLIAM ORAM

re-examined. What I saw was the flash from the powder, not the sparks from the flint—I saw the smoke and a light.





ROBERT HAMMOND

re-examined. I saw the flash from the powder—I did not notice any smoke—it was like sparks or a flash coming from a bit of powder that was set alight.




GUILTY

on 2d and 3d Counts. Aged 19.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.—


Transported for Ten Years. (There were also two indictments against the prisoner for sending threatening letters to Mr. Lovell.)
