



441. 




HENRY ADAMS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
25th of December, 6 1/2 lbs. weight of lead, value 1s.; the goods of 



John Swale, and fixed to a building; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN SWALE
. I am a brewer, and live at Hammersmith—I have a malt-house, adjoining the Creek at Hammersmith—I had seen it almost daily—I had seen it all safe on the 24th of December—I received information from Mr. Renwell, and went to the malt-house on the 25th, about half-past twelve o'clock—some lead had been cut from the second window—I saw this lead which is here, compared with that remaining on the malt-house, by Mr. Jones, it is fresh cut, and corresponds with it and with the cutting—I believe this came from the malt-house.





VALENTINE RENWELL
. On the 25th of December, about a quarter put twelve o'clock at night, I saw, as I believed, the prisoner at the second window of Mr. Swale's malt-house—I called to him, he slipped down the tiles, and hid himself behind some bushes—I said if he did not speak I would shoot him—he said his name was Jem Smith—I was then convinced it was the prisoner (I had known him before) as soon as I said I would shoot him he jumped into the water—he pasted the drains of several privies, went on to the wooden bridge, and there I lost sight of him—I went to the prosecutor, and we got a policeman, who found the prisoner—I have no doubt be is the person who said his name was Jem Smith.

Prisoner. You said yon thought it was me, Witness. I told the policeman it was you.





JOHN JONES
 (police-constable T 31.) I went to Mr. Swale's malt house, between twelve and one o'clock at night, I found the lead now produced cut from the premises—I have compared it with what remains, and am confident it corresponds in every way—I then went to the prisoner's house—I traced his foot-marks from the Creek to his door—I went in, and the candle was 'immediately put out, and three or four women collared me—I seized the prisoner, who was there, and another officer came to my assistance—the prisoner's shoes were off, and they are very remarkable—I have compared them with the footsteps about the place, and they appear to have been made by these shoes—they correspond in every respect.

Prisoner. He said, "I want you," I said, "What for?" and he would not tell me. Witness. The candle was put out by your mother—I was ill-used in the room by five or six persons.

Prisoner. The shoe-marks could not be sworn to when the water had been flowing over them.





JOHN JONES

re-examined. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at the Sessions House, Clerkenwell—(read)—the prisoner is the person who was then convicted.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.
