




1623. 




WILLIAM LLOYD
 and 




HENRY WILLIAMS



stealing three spoons, and other articles, value 2l. 3s.; the goods of 



Eliza Stevenson; Lloyd having been before convicted.







ELIZABETH BAKER
. I am servant to Mr. Walmsley, of Loughborough-road, Brixton. I was cleaning the front windows on Thursday, 20th April, abouthalf-past twelve o'clock—I saw the two prisoners and another person against Mrs. Stevenson's house, opposite ours—Lloyd got in at Mrs. Stevenson'swindow—Williams was by the gate, five or six yards off—Lloyd had a kindof pocket-book in his hand—he came out again in three or four minutes withsomething in a handkerchief in his hand—the three then went away togetherup Millbrook-row—I went across, and told what I had seen.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. What is the width of this road?A. It is four times the width of this Court—I had never seen either of thepersons before, but I am sure of the prisoners.





ANN MULHOLLAND
. I am servant to Mrs. Eliza Stevenson—she is awidow, and lives in Loughborough-road. At half-past twelve o'clock on 20th April, I was in the back kitchen—I heard a noise in the front kitchen—Iwent in in about two minutes and found a birdcage, which I had hung inthe centre of the window about ten minutes before, had been moved, and puton the table—the window was open—it had not been quite shut down before I missed a pair of sugar-tongs, a coffee-pot, tea-pot, and three silver tea-spoons—they had been en the dresser opposite the window—from what Baker told me I went out, and met an officer, and saw some persons running, but I only saw their backs, and do not know who they were—in the evening, this cream jug was brought in—it is one of the things taken—I also knowthis tea-pot and coffee-pot, spoons, and tongs, to be Mrs. Stevenson's—I sawthem in the house about half-an-hour after I had missed them—they were onthe dresser, but they had clay on them, which they had not before—I saw thespoon and tongs on the Thursday afterwards, when Turton brought them—on the day before the robbery I had seen both the prisoners—Lloyd had apocket-book in his hand, and came and offered needles for sale, and after hewent, Williams came and offered side-combs for sale.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. They did not come together?A. No; there was not above five minutes between them.





GEORGE BANNOCK
 (policeman, P 330.) On Thursday I was with anofficer named Needham in a butcher's cart, and saw the prisoners together in Acre-lane, about a quarter or twenty minutes past twelve o'clock—they were onthe run—Needham was in uniform, I was not—when the prisoners saw us getout of the cart, they took two ways—Needham took Williams—I went after Lloyd, chased him three-quarters of a mile, and took him to the station—Ifound on him Is. 6d., and a silk handkerchief—Mrs. Stevenson's is about amile from where I saw the prisoners—the house is in the parish of Lambeth.





JONATHAN BOWMAN
. I am a cow-keeper. I found the spoon and tongs ina piece of ground in Milbrook-row—I took them to Mrs. Stevenson.





GEORGE BANNOCK

re-examined. That is a piece of ground the prisonershad run by.





EDWARD TURTON
. I am gardener to Mr. West. On that Thursday, betweentwelve and one o'clock, I was at dinner, I heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I ranout, and saw Williams—I went to stop him—he struck me a blow on thehead, took out a knife, and swore he would stab me if I went to take him—he went on—I followed him till the policemen came up in the butcher's cart, and they were taken.





WILLIAM BUTLER
 (police-sergeant, B 3.) I produce a certificate of Lloyd'sformer conviction by the name of John Glynn (read—Convicted March, 1847, and confined six months)—he is the man.
(Edward Barrett, a plane-maker; Charles Leader, a plane-maker; Joseph

Orme, sen., and Joseph Orme, jun., plane makers, gave Williams a goodcharacter.)

LLOYD—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.





Transported for Seven Years.

