




2078. 




DAVID CRANE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of June; I watch, value 4l.; 1 chain, value 2l. 10s.; I seal, value 1l. 10s.; 1 key, value 1l.; 2 drawings, framed and glazed, value 1l., 5s.; 1 table-cover, value 7s.; and 1 pair of boots, value 5s.; the goods of 



Charles Stedman
:. and 


EDWARD CONROY, 

for feloniously receiving the watch, chain, and teals, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






CHARLES STEDMAN
. I am an ornamental and decorative painter, and life in Charles-street, Hampstead-road. On Monday morning, the 13th of June, I missed a watch, chain, and seals from the front parlour mantelpiece, a drawing, by Sir Thomas Lawrence, from over the chimneypiece, and the cover off the table—they were all safe at nine o'clock on Sunday evening—I found the parlour in great confusion—it was left in order the night before—the window was down in the morning, from the top—I cannot tell whether it was down in the evening—I gave information—this is my watch and seals—they are worth 8l. or 9l.





JAMES LOCKYER
. I am shopman to Mr. Dempster, a pawnbroker, in Blackfriars-road. On Friday, the 17th of June, Conroy came to our shop, and offered this watch, chain, and seal for 30s.—I asked if it was gold—he laid it was—I said I should go and try it—I had seen some handbills, in consequence of which I had suspicions, and got an officer, who took him—he said he bought the watch of a boy for 1l.





RICHARD WHEATLEY
 (police-constable M 161.) I was brought to Lockyer's shop on the evening of the 17th of June—Conroy was given into my custody—he said he bought the watch of a boy named David for 1l.—as we were going along he wished to say something—I told him to go quietly, and not to say anything that might be used against him—he said David was lodging at his house in Buckeridge-street—I went there, waited some time, and took Crane—while taking him over to the Surrey side, he asked where Conroy was taken—I told him—he said, while he was standing looking in at a shop-window, a boy came and asked him to buy a watch; he said no; the boy asked him to put the watch into his pocket; new consented, and they were together three hours; he lost the boy, and sold the watch to Conroy for 1l.

Crane's Defence. I was going down the Strand; a boy came and

asked me where I was going; I said, "Not far;" he said he would take walk with me; after two or three minutes he showed me a watch, and asked me to buy it; I said I had no money; he asked me to mind it; I asked where he lived; he said it did not matter much. After I had been with him two hours and a half, I missed him; I sold the watch to Conroy next day for 1l.

MR. PHILLIPS, on behalf of Conroy, called






JAMES MASON
. I keep the Robin Hood, in Church-lane, St. Giles's I have known Conroy four years—he frequented my public-house—be showed me the watch, laid it on the table, and said he had bought it—there were plenty of people there.





EDWARD CALL
. I am a wine-cooper, in George-street, Bloomsbury, Conroy showed me this watch openly in the Robin Hood.





JOHN O'BRIEN
. I am a baker, in George-street, Bloomsbury. Conroy showed me this watch in Broad-street, Holborn, and asked my opinion whether he gave too much for it—there was not the least concealment.

CRANE—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.

CONROY—


NOT GUILTY
.
