



1478. 




ANTHONY ALDERED
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging and uttering a receipt for the payment of 1l. with intent to defraud 



Edward Cooper, the elder:—two other Counts, with intent to defraud 



Edward Cooper, the younger:—two other Counts, to defraud "



William, Earl of Lonsdale, Her Majesty's Postmaster-General; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MESSRS. ADOLPHUS
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecultion.






EDWARD COOPER
. I keep the Stag's Head public-house, at Hadleigh, Suffolk—I have a son named Edward, who lives in London—about the 7th of June last I received this letter by post—I believed it to be my son's writing—(read—"Thursday evening, 4th June. Dear Father and Mother,

I hardly know how to word the note I am writing to you. At the time of my misfortunes last summer, I, among other things, owed a coal bill, which I have sometime since been summoned for, but which, through the man's insolence, I swore I never would pay. A few words ensued between me and my landlord last week, and we agreed to move; we were doing so this day, Thursday, when, suddenly, our goods were seized for the coal bill and expenses, in all 3l. It so happens that I have no money in Mrs. Rogers's hands. We have managed to make up 2l. at least we will do so, and I have sent to ask you if you will stand our friend once more by sending up a sovereign by return of post, and I will repay you again by post in the course of next week. If you send it to me do it by return of post, as I have a man in possession, which runs up 3s. 6d. a day, expenses. Excuse us saying any more, as I am almost too late for the post. We send our love, &c. Please direct the letter to Mr. E. Cooper, at Mr. Jackson's, 82, Friar-street, Blackfriars-road, London"—dated 4th June, post-mark 5th June)—in consequence of receiving this letter I went to the post-office at Hadleigh and procured a post-office order for 1l.—this is it—I enclosed it in a letter addressed as requested in the letter—I sealed it, paid 1d., and put it in the post-office myself—I never heard from my son, acknowledging the receipt, I wrote again to another place, where he had lived, and this was discovered.





ALFRED ELLESDEN
. I am a clerk in the post-office at Hadleigh—on the 7th of June I gave the last witness this order for 1l.—it contains the name of the person to whom the money is to be paid-we sent a letter of advice containing the name of the person to receive the money—this is the advice—it is my father's handwriting—(read—"E. Cooper, Hadleigh, inn-keeper, 169—payable to Edward Cooper, 1l.—Order 169. 1l. Post-office, Hadleigh. Credit the person named in my letter of advice. Received the above. Edward Cooper.")

Witness. At the time the order was sent, the receipt at the bottom had no name to it.





GEORGE HAZLETON
. I am a letter—carrier of the General Post-office—Friar-street, Blackfriars-road, is in my delivery—I recollect about the 7th or 8th of June having a letter to deliver for Mr. Cooper, at Mr. Jackson's, Friar-street, Blackfriars-road—I cannot recollect the day—it was the only letter I had by that name—I went to the house with the letter, and saw Mrs. Stanley there—while I was inquiring for Mr. Cooper the prisoner came up-to the best of my belief he is the man—I cannot swear to him positively—he asked me if I had a letter for Mr. Cooper—I said I had—I had just givea it into Mrs. Stanley's hand—she gave it to the man, and he went away—to the best of my belief the prisoner is the man—he met me at the door—I asked him if he was Mr. Cooper—he said he was—he was two or three minutes under my sight—I have no doubt of his being the person—I never saw him before to my recollection—I had no reason to suspect him.





JOHN MASTERS KING
. I am a clerk in the Money Order Office at the Post-office—this advice was in the office—a person applied for the money mentioned in that advice, and gave me this order, dated 7th June, No. 169—I paid the money upon it on the 9th of June—the name of Edward Cooper was signed to it—it was given me by the person to whom I paid the money—I have no idea who the man was who gave it to me—I do not know whether he signed the receipt when he was there, or whether

he brought it signed, but it was signed, or I should not have given him the money.





EDWARD COOPER
, Jun. I am the son of Mr. Cooper. In the beginning of last month I lived at No. 97, Broadwall, Stamford-street—I did not live at No. 82, Friar-street, and had no knowledge of anybody there—this letter is not my handwriting, nor was it written by my authority—I knew nothing of it till the discovery took place—I have known the prisoner about seven years, through his being apprenticed to my wife's father—he had an opportunity of knowing my handwriting—he knew my father lived at Hadleigh and the circumstances of my family—I had seen him a few months before this matter occurred—I am acquainted with his handwriting—I believe this letter to be his handwriting—I have seen him write repeatedly—the signature to this receipt is not mine—I believe that likewise to be the prisoner's—I never authorized him to write or sign it.

Prisoner. I never saw his handwriting. Witness. I am sure he has seen me write—I bought a clock and several things of him, and gave him my I. O. U. for a few shillings, and he was present when I wrote it—I do not remember any other instance of his seeing me write.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Is that letter like your handwriting? A. Not the letter—the signature is an attempt to copy my handwriting.





FANNY COOPER
. I am the wife of last witness. The prisoner was apprenticed to my father, whose name is Camp—I have seen him write very often—I believe this letter to be his handwriting—I have no doubt at all about it—I believe the signature "Edward Cooper" to this order alto to be his handwriting—the prisoner knew where we lived—he knew my father-in-law by seeing him at our house, and knew our circumstances.





WILLIAM CAMP
. The prisoner was my apprentice, and was with me seven years—during that time I had frequent opportunities of seeing him write—I believe this letter to be his handwriting—it certainly is his—I have no doubt of it—the signature to the receipt is also his writing, although done with a trembling hand.





WILLIAM STEEL
. I live at No. 82, Friar-street, Blackfriars-road. I have known the prisoner about twelve months—in the early part of June I lived at the same house under the name of Jackson—the prisoner was aware of that.

JURY. Q. Did you know of the letter coming? A. I had not the slightest idea—I never gave the slightest permission about it—I had not a farthing of the money—I never knew he got it until I was told of this.

Prisoner's Defence. I never wrote the letter to Hadleigh, and never received the money; I did not know the direction to write; as to the Post-office order, I never had one in my hand, and never saw one; the writing is not mine; I never saw it to know whether it is like mine; I never signed anybody's name but my own to any letter I ever wrote.





MATTHEW PEEK
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office—(read—Convicted 10th of May, 1841, of larceny as servant, and confined fourteen days.)

MR. CAMP
re-examined. I was the prosecutor of that indictment—the prisoner is the person I prosecuted.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

