



979. 




WILLIAM LAWLER



, stealing 1 sovereign; the moneys of 




Matthew Hearder; having been before convicted.






MATTHEW HEARDER.
 I live in Skinner-street, Snow-hill, and am a boot and shoemaker. On 22nd Feb. I went in a cab to the Coal-hole—the driver got off, and we went in and called for ginger-beer—the prisoner was standing at the bar—I put down a sovereign to pay for the ginger-beer and a glass of rum—the prisoner snatched it and ran away with it—I am quite sure he is the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. This was at two o'clock in the morning?A. Yes; I had been out, and stopped at the Surrey Coal-hole—the door was not opened and shut after each customer, at that time in the morning—the door was open or I should not have gone in—I was not particularly cloudy from the drink I had taken—I did not hear any person say that the prisoner was not the man, when he was brought back.





WILLIAM HARBUD.
 I drove the cab—I went into the public-house—I drank my rum, and saw the prosecutor put a sovereign on the counter—I saw the prisoner take it up.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you been drinking? A. I had been taking a drop—it was between two and three in the morning—the prosecutor had been drinking, but was not the worse for liquor—he engaged me about two o'clock—I followed the prisoner—the door was pushed half-way to—I pulled it open and ran out—I called, "Stop thief! bring him back"—the policeman was in the act of bringing him back—I heard some persons say that he was not the person—I did not say, "I don't think he is, but I shall not have my fare if I don't say he is"—when I saw the sovereign taken I went out

immediately—the prisoner ran across the road—if course I could not run so fast as he did, I had my box coat on—there was a person in charge of the door—I said, "Shut the door, don't let him take my gentleman's money," and he shut it against me.





GEORGE BATSFORD
 (policeman, M 70.) I saw the cab-man draw up to the Surrey Coal-hole—in about five minutes the prisoner ran out of the door, and ran across the road and joined three persons—I caught hold of him and brought him back.

Cross-examined. Q. Is there not a watering-place by the side of the house? A. Yes—I could not mistake a person coming from there, or coming from the door—there is twenty yards between them—I was standing near the pit-entrance—I am quite sure I cannot be mistaken in the man that came out of the house.





THOMAS SMITH
 (City policeman, 270.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted Aug., 1846, by the name of William Spring, confined one year)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY. Aged 24—


Transported for Seven Years.


ADJOURNED TO MONDAY, APRIL 3RD, 1848.
