




2456. 




JAMES BRIMAGE
 was indicted

 for embezzlement.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





JOSEPH PRICE
. I am a coffin furniture manufacturer—my father carried the business on before me to the time of his death, on the 25th of February last—the executors carried it on till the 22nd of March, and on that day I took possession of it on my own account—the prisoner had been in my father's employ, and then I took him at a salary of 30s. a week—it was his duty to carry on business at a house in Compton-street—he conducted that branch of my business—he entered in a book the money he received for things sold, and he had to collect money from persons out of the house, and to enter that separately—he never accounted to me for 9l. 19s. 10d., as received from Mr. Douglas, on the 16th of May, and there is no account of it in the book—he never accounted to me for 4l. 12s. 11d., or 4l. 15s. 9d. as received on the 27th of May, and on the 6th of August of Mr. Butler—in consequence of some other matters, I directed him to be spoken to by Mr. Nonie, on the 15th of August, and he was taken into custody on the 17th.

Cross-examined by
MR. CROUCH. Q. How long had he been in the service of your family? A. About four years—it is about four years since he went into that shop in Compton-street—he had been before that in business for himself, but he had been in my father's employ before that—he was the proprietor of a shop in the same street in which my father afterwards carried on business—it was partly a continuation of the prisoner's business—he was not allowed by my father to carry on business for himself, to my knowledge—he has drawn bills on persons on our account—he has not been accustomed to do business for himself to my knowledge—the book in which the accounts were kept was in his possession, and it was his duty to come to me to account for the sums received—he usually brought this book with him, and after the settlements of these accounts he kept the book—it has not remained in my custody for some days to my knowledge—he has not complained that he could not get it—I have no recollection of its being left for me to examine—I do not recollect any mistakes with regard to monies not being paid by the prisoner—he was in the habit of selling things for me, but not of buying, certainly.

Q. Has he at no time been ordered to pay money out of what he received, to persons to whom you were indebted? A. I once told him to pay the rent of the house in Compton-street—I never told him to pay money due by me, to my knowledge—I occasionally call at the house in Compton-street, and I have on one or two of those occasions received cash of him—I do not know whether it was marked down in the book then, but it was on the following Monday—I remember only one instance of receiving money without giving a voucher—I am not aware that I have applied to persons for money after the money has been accounted for to me by the prisoner—I have carried on the business about five months—the two last sums in the indictment are due to myself—part of the first is due to the estate—I certainly never paid the prisoner any portion of the profits on goods sold and delivered—I never discounted bills for him to my remembrance—I gave him cash for one bill—I know Mr. Crow, of Tothill-street—I never discounted bills of his—my business is carried on in the name of Price and Co.—it has been carried on for years in that

way—I nave no partner—I was not in partnership with my father—I superintended the business for him.





WILLIAM DOUGLAS
. I am an undertaker, and live in Han way-street. I was indebted to the prosecutor 9l. 19s. 10d.—I paid that to the prisoner in May last—he gave me a receipt on the bill.





HENRY BUTLER
. I am an undertaker, and live in High-street, St. Giles's. I am a customer of Mr. Price's—on the 27th of May I paid the prisoner 4l. 12s. 11d. on account of Mr. Price—here is the receipt of it in my book, in his handwriting—on the 6th of August I paid him 4l. 15s. 9d.—here is his receipt to it in the same book, with his name to both.

Cross-examined. Q. To whom were these sums of money owing? A. To Mr. Price—the goods I paid for in May were what I had in April—on the 6th of August the prisoner paid me some money for a few goods that I supplied him with on his own account—he did very little business on his own account, but I have supplied him with things—I do not know whether Mr. Price knew of it—the money I received of the prisoner was 2l. 3s., for some goods that the prisoner had the use of—I never supplied Mr. Price with any goods—I thought it was Price and Son, I did not know.





JOSEPH NORIE
. I am foreman to Mr. Price. In consequence of some other transactions, I spoke to the prisoner about his account on the 15th of August—this book of his was before me—I asked him whether it contained all the money he had received—he said, "Yes"—I have looked through it to see if it contains these three sums mentioned in this indictment—there is no entry of any of them—here is a settlement at the end of the week after the 16th of May, at the end of the week after the 27th of May, and at the end of the week after the 6th of August—there is a balance on the week after the 6th of August, but that does not contain the 4l. 15s. 9d. from Mr. Butler.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you in the habit of settling the book with the prisoner? A. No—I did not go to demand money of the prisoner—I asked him about it—he generally brought the book down on Monday mornings, and took it away with him—I do not recollect one instance when he left it—he has never complained to me about his accounts being irregularly kept, to my knowledge—the book was never kept from him, to my knowledge—I had nothing to do with the book—I do not know of any bill transaction between customers of the prisoner and my master—I never knew my master to discount bills for coffin-makers at the instance of the prisoner.

Q. Did the prisoner never mention to you about the irregularity of Mr. Price's accounts? A. He might have said something—he did say something at one time about one trifling thing, but I cannot tell what it was—it was of no consequence—I cannot say whether that was in old Mr. Price's time or young Mr. Price's—I believe the prisoner has taken a house near my master's, on his own responsibility—this case has been got up since we knew that—we never had any suspicion of him previously, but found his accounts regularly kept.





JOSEPH PRICE

re-examined. Q. Do you know of the prisoner having taken a house near your premises? A. Yes, next door—I believe I mentioned to him that I did not like it—I do not know that I have mentioned it to any one else—I think he has had it about six weeks.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know a Mr. Nodes, of Tottenham Court-road?


A. Yes—I have not had a conversation with him about this house that the prisoner has taken—I do not know that I have mentioned it to any one—I have an indistinct idea that I mentioned it to a friend of mine—I have not watched the prisoner's conduct since he took this house more narrowly than previously.
(John Brown, a furnishing undertaker, in Edgeware-road; Thomas Richards, a costermonger; and Turner, clerk of St. Sepulchre's, gave the prisoner a good character).




GUILTY
. Aged 39.—


Transported for Seven Years.
