



2472. 




JOHN HINDGE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of September, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 



Robert Mackay; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






MARTHA WADE
. I am servant to Mr. Mackay, of Gray's-place, Brompton. I was in the parlour adjoining the shop on the 18th of September, and saw the prisoner come into the shop—he turned round, looked into the window, reached, and took out a silk handkerchief, rolled it up, and put it into his waistcoat—I called Mrs. Mackay up—she went into the shop, and the prisoner said he wanted to look at some black lamb's-wool stockings—Mrs. Mackay went to the door to see for a policeman—she did not see one—the prisoner said he would call again—my mistress looked into the window, and found a handkerchief was gone—it was a yellow one, with black spots on it—the prisoner was afterwards brought back—I am quite sure I saw him take the handkerchief.





ELIZABETH MACKAY
. I am the wife of Robert Mackay—I keep a haberdasher's shop. I saw the prisoner in my shop—I asked him what he had done with the handkerchief—he denied having taken it, but admitted that he took one up, looked at it, and laid it down again—he looked at some stockings which I showed him—they did not suit him—he said he would call again on Monday, and I was to get him some stockings by then—my handkerchief was yellow silk with spots on it—after the prisoner was in custody I missed another handkerchief, which had been safe with the other when he came there.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not offer you to search me, and undo my waistcoat, and tell you to call any one in? A. He offered me to search him, but I said it was not my place, it was a policeman's place—being alone, I did not know what to do—I said I would rather let him go than accuse an innocent person—I do not remember his opening his jacket.





JOHN PORTSMOUTH
 (police-constable B 173.) I took the prisoner about a quarter past nine o'clock that morning, about a quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's.





ROBERT M'KENZIE
 (police-constable B 44.) I produce a certificate of

the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person—I know him by the name of Rowe, in which he was tried before.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.
