




1275. 




THOMAS ROBERTSON
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
28th of February, 4 boxes, value 30s.; 1 bag, value 6d.; 1 drawer, value 2s. 6d.; 30 tablets, value 9l.; 60 paper-knives, value 6l.; 20 fans, value 5s.; 2 knives, value 1s.; and 2 forks, value 1s.; the goods of 



Joseph Smith, his master: and 





SAMUEL WILKINSON



, for feloniously receiving the same well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute.

&c.; to which Robertson pleaded




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.





JOSEPH SMITH
. The prisoner Robertson was my errand-boy for four or five weeks—I know nothing of Wilkinson, but part of my property has been discovered, and is here now—what is produced is mine.





GEORGE MONSON
. I am a sergeant in the 14th Light Dragoons. On the 29th of February I met the prisoner Wilkinson in the Canteen at Hounslow-barracks—I had never seen him before—I purchased this small paper-knife of him—(looking at it)—he asked me 1s. for it—he had a great number of other things for sale as a sort of pedlar.





JOHN PRICE
. I am a servant in the 14th Light Dragoons. I was at Hounslow-barracks, and saw Wilkinson there on the afternoon of the 28th of February—I had seen him before, two years ago last November, when he was in the Blues—he came from the same "town that I do—he stopped with me from the afternoon of the 28th till the 29th, and when he was going away he made my children a present of a small knife and fork each—these are them—as he was going away he dropped this box, and left that with me.





MARY TURNER
. I live at Hounslow-barracks. I saw Wilkinson there on the 29th of February—I had never seen him before—he came to the mess kitchen with a number of things—I bought these three work-boxes of him for 10s.—he told me he was a manufacturer of them.





ROBERT MYERS
. I am a retailer of beer, and a grocer, and live at Turnham-green. Wilkinson came to my house, and had a pint of beer—he had a number of goods, which he exposed on the table for sale—I said they were very splendid, and I was sorry to see such a sacrifice—I bought nothing of him but this bag (producing it.)





JOHN WILLIAM JONES
. I am a pawnbroker, and live at New Brentford. I have three ivory tablets, pawned on the 28th of February by Wilkinson, in the name of John Williams—he said he was the maker and seller of the goods, and he had token nothing all day—I lent 2s. 6d. on them.





JOHN GILBERT
. I am a shoemaker, and live at West-place, Turnham-green. I saw Wilkinson in a beer-shop—he offered me this drawer (producing it), and asked if I would give him a pot of beer for it, which I did.





HENRY JOHN BEAUMONT
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Edgeware-road. I took in two tablets of Wilkinson on the 28th of February.





JOHN HUGHES
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce one tablet, which I

took in pledge of Wilkinson on the 28th of February in the name of John Williams.

Wilkinson's Defence. I came out of the country on the 26th of February And on the 27th I was at a public-house with some friends about ten o'clock; I met with the prisoner Robertson there; I heard them talking about a raffle for an accordion, they put my name down for one; I saw Robertson again that night, he raid he made fancy goods and toys, and we might get a living by selling them, that he could get plenty of goods; I said I would sell them; the next morning, at ten minutes before eight o'clock, he came to my lodgings, and said he had got some things; I went and pawned some of them, then went down the road, and sold the rest.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
