



1236. 




CATHERINE ELLARD
, was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
13th of March, 1 chronometer, value 12l.; and 4 watches, 53l.; the goods of 



James shearer, in his dwelling-house; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






ALEXANDER DON
. I am in the employ of Mr. James Shearer, a watch-maker,

in Devonshire-street, Queen-square, in the parish of St. George the Martyr—he is my uncle—on Monday, the 13th of March, I was left in charge of his premises—there were some watches in a side-board drawer in the front parlour—I do not know how many—there was a gold and a silver one, and others—the drawer was not locked—I saw them safe about ten o'clock on Monday morning—I was not out of the house that morning; but I was not in that room—I missed the watches a little past two o'clock the same day—I have seen two of them since—there were five lost altogether—this now produced is a gold one that was in the drawer—it is Mr. Shearer's—it is worth about 25l., I think.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where were you at ten o'clock, when you saw the watches? A. In the front-parlour—I went afterwards to the shop, which may be twenty yards from the door—it is at the bottom of the yard, at the back of the house—we get into the parlour from the street by the front-door—there is a servant in the house, but she is not here—the parlour door was not locked—I do not know whether the street-door was left open—I never saw the watches after ten o'clock—my uncle has no partner—I know this silver watch—these are what are generally called pocket chronometer—it has Mr. Shearer's name on the dial—I know the watch to have been in the drawer that day—Mr. Shearer does not make many like this—he is not here—he trusted me to manage the business that day—I know this gold watch by its general appearance—it was in the drawer that morning—perhaps there is nothing on this watch that would not be on any watch that he made—he went out of town on the Sunday, and came back on Monday night.

COURT. Q. How long had you known any of his watches, and known his business? A. About thirteen years—I was engaged with him in business, I was working for him, and acquired a knowledge of what he had.





BENJAMIN SCHRADER
. I am assistant to Mr. Sowerby, a pawnbroker, in Chiswell-street. On Monday, the 13th of March, this small gold watch was offered to me by the prisoner about half-past five o'clock in the afterooon—she asked me to lend her 4l. on it—I asked if it belonged to her—she said no, to her master, Mr. Williams, No. 30, Charterhouse-square—I asked if he gave it her to pledge—she said yes—I asked if he was at home—she said yes—I asked her to come round to the counting-house, and I would go and see him—I went to open the door for her to go in, but she had run away in a different direction—I went after her, and saw her at the bottom of a street turning out of Chiswell-street—she was coining up the street, and on seeing me she turned and ran away—I caught her, brought her back, and gave her in charge—she then said a man had given it her outside, and asked her to pledge it.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen her before? A. No—I know she is the same person by seeing her before my eyes, and by her dress, and more particularly by a crack in her lip—I am not mistaken in her—we see a great many persons in a week, occasionally some hundreds.





JOHN ROADKNIGHT
 (police-constable G 167.) I was on duty in Chiswell-street on that evening—I went to Mr. Sowerby's shop, and found the prisoner—she was given into custody—they said she had offered a valuable gold watch to pledge—in going to the station she said a gentleman gave it her to pawn, and to say it belonged to Mr. Williams, No. 30, Charterhouse-square—I found this silver watch at Mr. Barker's in Houndsditch.





HENRY BILSON
. I am assistant to Mr. Barker, a pawnbroker, in Houndsditch. On Monday, the 13th of March, about three o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner brought this silver chronometer, and offered it in pledge—she

said it came from her master, Mr. Williams, No. 30, St. Mary Axe—I said I could not take it in without a note from Mr. Williams—she went and brought one—I am sure she is the person.

Cross-examined. Q. What has become of the paper which she brought? A. I destroyed it—I had never seen her before—I see some hundreds of persons in a week, but we generally notice persons—I knew the prisoner when in the cell at Worship-street, as being the person who brought this, because I was rather suspicious of her, and sent her back for the letter.





ANDREW SIMPSON
. I reside in London-street, Fitzroy-square; my mother lives at Mr. Shearer's, the prosecutor's. I went to his house that day, a little after two o'clock, and as I entered into the house, a female passed out of it—I do not know who it was—the prisoner is very like that person in dress and height, but I did not see her face.





EDWARD RICHARDSON
 (police-constable S 47.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the sentence of transportation passed on her that she might go to the Penitentiary? A. I believe it was—I heard so.




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Ten Years.

