



1605. 




THOMAS PHILLIPS
was indicted

for stealing, on the 
2nd of June, a half-bushel of wheat, value 12s., the goods of 



Samuel Stevens.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





HENRY SHACKELL
(police-constable T46.) I was on duty at Stanmore, on Tuesday, the 2nd of June—about a quarter past one o'clock in the morning I saw a man look through Mr. Stevens's rick-yard gate—at that moment two men advanced from the gate towards the Ashford-road—I pursued them—one had a sack on his back—the prisoner I am certain is one of the men—I knew him before perfectly well—I went up to them and asked the prisoner who had the sack what he had got there—be said, "Potatoes"—I put my hand on the sack—it appeared to contain corn, and I said, "You have got corn here, I rather suspect you have stolen it, and you must come with me"—he said, "Where are you going to take us to? "—the man that was on the other side of the stile came over and drew a large bludgeon from under his frock—the prisoner at that moment began to draw the sack from his shoulder and to draw a bludgeon from under the sack, which he had got to support the sack—he flourished the bludgeon, and said if I offered to take him he would take my life—I said I intended to take him if I lost the last drop of blood I had got—the prisoner made a violent blow at me with this bludgeon, which I produce—the blow did not take effect, as I fell back, and he turned himself round in striking—I defended myself from it as he was striking me—we had a desperate struggle—several blows were struck on both sides.

Q. Were there three men, or two? A. Only two—the second man was the man on the other side of the stile—I received an injury in the struggle—I succeeded in bringing the other man to the ground—they both escaped, and left me on the ground for dead—I laid there some time—I turned on my hands and knees, and at last got on my legs, and walked home, which was 200 or 300 yards—I returned to the place about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour afterwards, and found the bludgeon there, and the sack of wheat on the spot where I had had the scuffle—on the 6th of June, Taylor produced the prisoner to me—I have no doubt of him—he is one of the men who attacked me, I am positive.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST.
Q. Did you know him before? A. Perfectly well by sight, but not by name—I knew where he lived—I gave information that he lived at Stanwell Moor—he was apprehended, from my information, by Sergeant Taylor, T 25—I cannot say how many houses there are on the moor—I did not know the exact spot, but I knew it was on the moor, and said he was a Stanwell-moor man—I live about a mile from the moor—I was unable to go to look for him—I went before a Magistrate, on the 6th, in a horse and cart—I described to sergeant Taylor where he lived on the moor, and gave him directions to apprehend him on the same day—I gave him a description of his person—I did not see Sergeant Taylor again that day—I saw him a day or two afterwards—he told me he bad made every exertion on Stanwell-moor, and found a man answering the description had decamped—I described him as having speckled worsted stockings, cotton corded breeches, and a plush-sleeve waistcoat, with a fustian back, and sleeves, and a white hat—I did not tell him it was a plush waistcoat at the time—I gave him this description the same

day—I have often seen the prisoner without a frock, and at times with one—I know Mr. Fowler of Staines-moor—I believe the prisoner works for him, he has done so—I was armed that night—I have been in the army—I was within a yard or two of the prosecutor's gate when I found the corn—I went to call Mr. Stevens—I was well enough for that, but not till after I got refreshed—it was about three o'clock—the gate was shut—the prosecutor was in bed—I have the sack here—this is a sample of the wheat which I took last night out of the sack, which has been in my house ever since under lock and key—I carried it home that morning, and took it up to bed with me every night—there was rather more than a bushel and a half of it.

MR. CLARKSON.
Q. You say you knew the prisoner by sight, and knew him to be a Stanwell-moor man? A. Yes—I could not point out the particular house in which he lived—I have been about six years in the army—I have been a policeman twelve months—I have known the prisoner for two months, and saw him three or four times a week—I had heard he worked for the prosecutor—my wife called a man to go for a doctor, and afterwards I communicated with the sergeant—I am under the doctor's care still—I did not go to the barn, as I was bleeding so.





SAMUEL STEVENS.
I have a rick-yard and a barn close by it. On the 2nd of June I had eleven or twelve quarters of corn which I was going to clean for Uxbridge market—Shackell made a communication to me and showed me his bloody face and neck—the barn did not appear to have been opened by force, but by a false key—I missed some corn out of a heap—I cannot say exactly how much—I observed an impression on the heap, as if a sack had been filled upon it—it was very plain—here is a sample which I took out of the bulk, and here is another out of the sack which the policeman had—they agree—I believe the wheat produced by the policeman to have been part of the bulk in my barn.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST.
Q. What sort of wheat do you call this? A. Old Chetham—I should call it white wheat—I have not much of it at present—I am very nearly out of it—there is a good deal of the same wheat in the neighbourhood—other farmers may grow it for what I know—there is a good deal of it in Uxbridge market sometimes—it it the same kind as I have sown several years—this corn had not been put up in sacks—this sack is not my property.

COURT.
Q. Have you any doubt about this being the same as your corn? A. I am positive it is the same.





ROBERT TAYLOR
(police-sergeant T25.) In consequence of hearing what had happened to the constable, I went to his house next morning, June 3rd—I saw him between eight and nine o'clock—he was in his own house, and hurt very much—he told me what had happened to him, and gave me a description of the persons from whom he had received the injury—I know Stanwell-moor well—I took the prisoner into custody on Saturday, the 6th of June, about eleven o'clock—I did not know where he lived without inquiring—I found him in bed at his own house, at Stanwellmoor—I had been to the house on Wednesday the 3rd, but could not find him then—I did not go between the 3rd and 6th—he seemed to be very much hurt, very pale, and seemed to be suffering pain as if he had been in some struggle or quarrel before—I told him he was suspected of being one of the persons that bad attacked the policeman—he said he was not the man, he knew nothing of it—I said, "You must get up and go with me, and let the policeman see you; if you are not the man you will be

discharged"—I asked him where he had been since he had been away—he said at first he did not know where he had been—I said, "Why did you leave a good service? " (I had made inquiries about him of his master, ) he said his wages did not keep him there, and he had been to try to get a better place—he is married, and his family were living in the house—he said he had come back that morning—I examined his head and found several wounds on it, which I should judge were recently made—a surgeon saw him.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you apprehend him in consequence of any thing the sergeant said to you? A. That, connected with other things; if he had not run away I do not think I should have apprehended him—he said he had been away—I do not know exactly when I had seen him before that night, I frequently saw him—I do not think I had seen him for a week before—the constable gave me a description of his dress, at least of one of the party—I wrote it down at the time, and have it here—(reads, "one short stout man, high shoes, speckled worsted stockings, cotton cord breeches, and fustian sleeved waistcoat")—I call the prisoner a short stout man—I am five feet eleven inches, and he is about five feet seven or eight inches—I do not call that tall.




GUILTY.—Aged 44. 


Transported for Seven Years

