




1070. 




THOMAS SAVAGE
 and 



GEORGE BODDY
 were indicted for

 a robbery on the 
8th of March, on 



Michael Callaghan, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 handkerchief, value 4s. 6d., his goods.






MICHAEL CALLAGHAN
. I am a labourer in the employ of Mr. State, and live at Bow-common. On Sunday, the 8th of March, I was going along Brick-lane, Whitechapel, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, I was going home—I saw three persons standing at the corner of a public-house, they seemed to be talking together, and as I came up they separated to make room for me to go between them—one of them tripped me up, and when I was down another came and untied my neck-handkerchief and pulled it off—they knocked me down senseless—I fell on my face—when I was getting up they all ran away—I was on my knees getting up when the handkerchief was taken—he pulled it as hard as he

could—it did not come off very easily—when 1 got up I saw my handkerchief in the prisoner Savage's hand as he was running away, and I saw him twisting it up in his hand—I do not know the other two—Boddy looks very much like one of them—I cannot swear to him, but I think he was one of them—I called out, a policeman came up in two or three minutes and I gave him a description of the men as near as I could—I never saw Savage before, but I am certain he is the man that took the handkerchief off my neck—I went to the station-house directly—Savage was brought there—I knew him again directly I saw him—the handkerchief was brought to the station-house by the policeman with Savage, and I knew it again.

Savage. When I came to the station-house he was intoxicated. Witness. I was not—I am sure 1 had not drunk above a glass or two of ale that day—I had been in one or two public-houses—I had a pint of ale in each, and another man with me had a share of it—I might drink a pint and a half—I had no gin.





GEORGE METCALF
 (police-constable H 123.) On Sunday night, the 8th of March, I was on duty in Fleur-de-lis-street, Brick-lane, Spitalfields—I saw the prosecutor between twelve and one o'clock at the corner of Thrawl-street, knocking at a public-house door—he made a complaint to me—he appeared as if he had been stunned—he appeared in liquor at that time, but three minutes after he appeared perfectly collected—he gave me a description of three men, in consequence of which I went in pursuit, and in about half or three quarters of an hour I saw three men standing in Fleur-de-lis-street, at the corner of George-street—they perceived me, and separated—two of them went up George-street, and Savage walked down Fleur-de-lis-street—he said, "Good night, Bill" or "Tom" I am not positive which, "I shall see you in the morning"—I immediately walked after him, laid hold of him, and said I wanted him—he asked what for—I said he must come to the station-house with me, that he had a handkerchief about him that did not belong to him—he said, "I have not, and I shall not go"—I said, "You shall"—he would not go—I then searched him, but could not find the handkerchief then, nor any thing at all—I let him go, but followed him up—about five minutes afterwards another officer came up to me, and produced the handkerchief—in consequence of what he said I went after Savage again, and apprehended him again—I should know the other two men if I were to see them again—Boddy is one of them, I am positive—I had seen him before—I took Savage to the station-house—he was searched there, but nothing found on him.





ELIZABETH COUSINS
. I am in custody for the purpose of giving evidence—I live at No. 7, Fleur-de-lis-street. On Sunday night, the 8th of March, between twelve and one o'clock, I was going home, and saw Savage scuffling with Metcalf—I saw Savage take a handkerchief out of his pocket, and throw it behind him—Metcalf took him away—I picked up the handkerchief, and gave it to Burnham, the officer—I have seen it since in the officer's hand, and before the Magistrate, and knew it again—I had seen Savage about ten minutes before I saw him scuffling with Metcalf—he was then in company with Boddy and another—Savage had a handkerchief in his hand at that time, showing it to Boddy and the other—(they were going down the street)—it was a red ground with yellow flowers.

Savage. Q. Do you swear you saw me take the handkerchief out of my pocket, and throw it down? A. Yes, and I picked it up.






JOHN BURNHAM
 (police-constable H 58.) On Sunday night, the 8th of March, I was going along Fleur-de-lis-street, between twelve and one o'clock, and saw Metcalf searching Savage—he found nothing on him, and let him go—Cousins came to me soon after, and delivered me this silk handkerchief—(producing it)—I delivered it to Metcalf, and he apprehended Savage directly after.





ALLEN PIPE
 (police-constable H 51.) On Sunday night, the 8th of March, about twelve o'clock, I was on duty and heard a bustle in Wentworth-street—I went down, and found the two prisoners and another—they had been trying to upset a woman—I ordered them away, and said, if I saw them in the street again, I would take them to the station-house—I followed them to the end of Brick-lane—about ten minutes after I received a description of three persons, in consequence of which I apprehended Boddy on Tuesday, the 10th of March, in Brown's-lane, Spitalflelds—I told him I wanted him, on suspicion of being concerned in knocking down and robbing a man on Sunday night—he said he knew nothing at all about it—I said, "You recollect my driving you out of Wentworth-street on Sunday night, about twelve o'clock?"—he said he was not there, for he was at home and in bed at ten o'clock—I said, "I suppose you know Savage is in custody for the same thing?"—he said he did not know any such person as Savage—I took him to the station-house.





GEORGE METCALF

re-examined. I received this handkerchief from Burnham—it has been in my care ever since, at least I left it with the sergeant at the station-house on the 10th, and received it from him to bring here—I am positive it is the same.





ELIZABETH COUSINS

re-examined. This is the handkerchief I saw Savage throw behind him, and which I delivered to Burnham—I am quite positive of it.





MICHAEL CALLAGHAN

re-examined. This is my handkerchief, and the one that was taken from my neck that night—I know it by being hemmed with yellow thread, and by its being a little soiled in the middle—I have had it six years—I cannot swear to it by the pattern, as there may be others like it—it is the pattern of the one I lost.
(The prisoner, Savage, in his defence, stated, that he had been to his aunt's, in Whitechapel-road, to a christening, and had a little to drink, and on his return was stopped by the policeman, and taken to the station-house for stealing this handkerchief, of which he was quite innocent.)

Boddy's Defence. On the Sunday night 1 was at home at ten o'clock—the door was usually fastened by that time, and if I was later I could not get in—my mother was out nursing—she came home about half-past eleven o'clock, and saw me in bed and asleep with my little brother—on the Tuesday following, as I was going on an errand in Brown's-lane, the policeman came and said he wanted me on suspicion of a robbery on Sunday night—I said I knew nothing about any robbery—he asked if I knew any body named Savage—I said I did not—I am innocent of it.

SAVAGE—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.

BODDY—


NOT GUILTY
.

Fourth Jury, Before Mr. Recorder.

