



1560. 




JOSHUA SIMMONS



, stealing 40 yards of doeskin, value 5l. 10s.; the goods of 



Joseph Bartrum and others.—2d COUNT, feloniously receiving the same.


MESSRS. RYLAND
and
LAURIE
conducted the Prosecution.






MICHAEL HAYDON
 (City policeman, 21) On Thursday, 26th July, I was in Holborn on duty, in plain clothes, with Funnell, about half-past three o'clock in the afternoon—there had been a storm from half-past one to three, and it was raining slightly then—we met the prisoner coming towards the City, with a bag on his shoulder—I asked what he had got—he said, "Some trowsering stuff"—I said, "Where did you get it?"—he said, "I bought it of a man I do not know, in Oxford-street"—I asked when—he said, "About an hour ago," and he should know him if he saw him; that he bought and measured it in the open street, and found forty-four yards of it—I asked what he gave for it—he said he should decline answering any more questions—I said his account was not satisfactory, and I should take him—he said, "I will go with you"—going down Holborn, he said, "Can I speak to you?—I said, "Yes; what is it?"—he said, "Who is this man with you? "nodding—I said, "He is one of our men, his name is Funnell"—he said, "Can you make him right? a few pounds shall not be wanting to make him right,

and a few pounds for yourself as well; you are not obliged to take me down; you can let this pass if you like"—I rejected his offer—we got to Field lane—he wanted to go down there to see his wife—I refused to let him—he shouted out to a man to go and tell his wife he was going to be locked up—I said to Funnell, "Take him to the station, and give me the bag; I will go to the house, and be there as soon as his messenger"—as he gave me the bag I loosened my hold, and the prisoner started off as hard as he could—I left Funnell in pursuit, and went to the house.





EDWARD FUNNELL
 (City-policeman, 32). I was with Haydon, and saw the prisoner with the bag—Haydon took him, and I carried the bag—at the end of Field-lane, he called out to a man to go and tell his wife—Haydon told me to take him to the station—he ran away, I ran after him, and overtook him in Farringdon-street—he struck me a tremendous blow, and knocked an umbrella into my eye—I thought I had lost my eye—I collared him—he shouted out to two men "Come here," but I knew them both, and they did not come—I took him to the station.





JAMES HARVEY
. I am in partnership with Joseph Bartrum and another, at 73, 74, and 75, Holborn-hill. On 27th July, a pattern of doeskin was shown me—I examined my stock, and missed a piece precisely like it, containing forty-three or forty-four yards; a piece generally measures from forty to forty-five yards—I know it was safe ten or twelve days before, on a pile near the door—I have not the least doubt this is it—the fag end where the mark was, is cut or torn off—we have not sold a whole piece of this pattern—we only have three pieces; they come from Mallinson, of Huddersfield—we bought it of Pritchard, his agent—there would be no mark on it but the manufacturer's.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How many young men have you? A. Twenty-three or twenty-four—I never-saw but these three pieces exactly like this—it is made in large quantities—I have not the least doubt it is ours, but should not like to swear it—I bought all the agent had, when he came to London—I can positively state I saw it on 30th June.





THOMAS PRITCHARD
. I am London agent to Mr. Mallinson, manufacturer of doeskin, of Huddersfield—I deal with Bartrum and Harvey—in March last I sold them twelve pieces of doeskin—there were three pieces of this pattern—I have sold that pattern to no one else—I have had none since.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you seen Mr. Mallinson within the last few weeks? A. About a month ago; as far as I know this is all that came to London—it could be purchased without the means of an agent—London houses visit the Huddersfield market.





HENRY HOWES
. I conduct a branch business for Bartrum and Co., at Whitechapel—I received one piece of this doeskin from them—I cut this pattern from it this morning—there are thirty yards left.

MR. CLARKSON
called the following witnesses:






JUDAH SOLOMANS
. I am a clothier, of 26, Broad-street, Bloomsbury-street. On 26th July, a painter was graining a portion of my shop—a person, who I never saw before, came in with some slate-coloured tweed for sale—it had three blue stripes, and a selvage exactly like this produced—he said he had forty-five yards—I did not buy it—I was looking at it about five minutes—he asked me 2s. 6d. per yard—I offered him 2s.—he would not take it, and left—it was worth 2s. or 2s. 3d. as a job.


COURT. Q. You are quite positive of the day? A. Yes; it was a very wet day—I think it rained nearly all day—the cloth was dry.

Cross-examined by
MR. RYLAND. Q. Do you often buy of strangers? A. they look respectable—it was on Thursday, between one and two

o'clock—I can fix the time, because my man had returned from his dinner—it was a steady day's rain nearly all day up to the middle of the day, up to five o'clock—the man did not come in a cab—I do not remember whether the man had an umbrella—the cloth was in a dark bag—I do not remember whether it was blue or black merino—I do not know whether it was wet—I did not look at it—the cloth was taken out—I handled the cloth to ascertain that it was dry—it was a bundle that a man could carry under his arm—it was lying on the counter when I was first called.

MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. Had you any occasion to examine the bag? A. No; I was applied to to come here on Saturday; a friend of Mr. Simmons sent me a subpoena—I have known him ten or twelve years—I heard he was in trouble about a fortnight ago—I did not attend before the Magi-strate—I have not seen the man since who brought the cloth—he was a respectable-looking man, in a dark frock coat—I have dealt with the prisoner for ready-made clothes.

COURT. Q. Do you know where he lived? A. Somewhere in Holborn; I do not know the house exactly—I mentioned this transaction about a fort-night ago, to some friends of his—Mr. Jones was one person; he lives at the Clothes Exchange—I did not intimate to the prisoner that I could give this information—I had my own business to attend to—I do not recollect who else I mentioned it to—it is a month ago.





JAMES DEVEREUX
. I am a painter, of 24, Little Queen-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields. On 26th July, I was painting Mr. Solomon's shop—it was on Thursday, the wet day, when there was such a storm—a person came and offered some tweed for sale—I was graining the counter-front, and told him to take it off there, as the paint was wet—the mahogany front had been stained and oiled, and would have marked it.

COURT. Q. He did not put it down there? A. No—it was a little after one o'clock; I go to dinner at twelve—he took the cloth out of the bag, and tossed it on the floor, I expect—I do not know, whether it was unrolled—I heard money bid.
Moses Davis, of 90, Houndsditch, draper; William Wright, of Victoria-grove, clothier; William Merritt, of Holborn-hill, victualler; Charles Marks, of 37, Alfred-place, Bedford-square, upholsterer; Thomas Fillby, wheelwright, of Long Acre; James Gardner, of Wood-street, Spitalfields, hat-manufacturer; Henry Woodroffe, of Carlisle-street, Portman-market, hatter; Frederick Bullock, of 30, Cutler-street, Houndsditch, clothier; and Elias Moss, coal and potato warehouseman, of Middlesex-street, gave the prisoner a good character.




GUILTY
of receiving.
 Aged 31.—


Transported for Ten Years. Several officers afterwards deposed to his having been the associate of thieves for years.

