



2045. 




SAMUEL MENDEZ
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 bag, value 2d.; 2 half-crowns, 20 shillings, and 8 sixpences; the property of 



Stephen Shorter, from the person of 



Hannah Shorter.






HANNAH SHORTER.
 I am the daughter of Stephen Shorter. On the morning of the 17th of Sept. I was in Farringdon-market with some fruit, and saw the prisoner—I went to another stand—he followed me—I stood there talking to a woman—the prisoner was near me—I felt him taking his hand out of my pocket—I saw him at the time—he got away about twenty yard—I followed him, caught him by his jacket and waistcoat, and told him he had picked my pocket—he said, "Don't be impatient"—he tried to get away, by leaving his jacket and waistcoat in my hand—I seized him by his shirt till Breddon came—I had had about 30s. in my pocket, in a yellow canvas bag, two half-crowns, and the rest in shillings and sixpences—there was only him and another man near me—he was the nearest—it was my father's money.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY.
Q. What time was it? A. About seven o'clock in the morning—there was no one within two yards of me but the prisoner and Mrs. Midds—she is not here—I did not catch the prisoner's hand—I seized him afterwards—I had never seen him before—I do not know the other man.





RICHARD BRITTEN.
 I live in Bear-alley, and am a porter in Farringdon-market—on that morning the prisoner and another person came and asked me about apples—while they were speaking, Hannah Shorter said she had been robbed—I saw the prisoner and another man walking away towards the corner, and saw the prisoner put something on the other man's arm—the other man then went towards the middle of the market, and the prisoner ran towards the back on the other side—he did not go out of the market—I assisted in taking him, and went for the policeman.

Cross-examined. Q. Were they asking you the price of apples? A. The other man was—there were a great many people about the market, but not near there—Hannah Shorter has a stand there on market mornings—she was not very much excited.





GEORGE HENRY COOPER
 (City policeman, 268.) I took the prisoner—I found on him 1s. 2d. and a tobacco-box.




GUILTY.* Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.



Fourth Jury

