



1073. 




WILLIAM DUDLEY
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of April, 28lbs. weight of prepared horse-hair, value 21l. 5s.; 18 bundles of platted straw, 2l. 10s.; 1 pair of shoes, 4s.; and 1 box, 1s.; the goods of 



Henry Smith and others.






JOSEPH CRUSHER
. I am porter at the Saracen's Head, Aldgate. On the 3rd of April, about three o'clock, I was sent with a van load of boxes to the Eastern Counties Railway—I went through Charles-street—in consequence of what Mr. Hughes told me, there I looked into the van, and missed a box—I ran in the direction Mr. Hughes pointed, and afterwards saw the prisoner in Princes-street with the box on his shoulder—I ran up to him and took it from him—Mr. Hughes was with me—I held the prisoner till I was knocked down by some one, and the prisoner got away—I got up again in about half a minute, and called, "Stop thief!"—a policeman came up, and I told him what had happened—I saw no more of the prisoner till I saw him at the station, about a fortnight after—I am quite sure he is the same person—this is the box—(produced)—I know it by the different marks—I had seen it many times before that day—I had placed it in the van myself.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner before? A. No—I should think I was holding him for five minutes—I was telling Hughes to take back the box to the van, and other persons to run for a policeman at the same time—when I next saw the prisoner he was in custody—he was let out of the cell at the station with eight or nine other prisoners, and I picked him out directly, without any doubt.





ALFRED HUGHES
. I am apprentice to a cabinet-maker, and live at No. 36, Church-street, Mile-end New-town. On Thursday, the 3rd of April,

about half-past three o'clock, I was standing at my master's shop window, and saw the van go by full of packin-cases—I saw three persons walking on the pavement together—the prisoner is one of them—I can swear to him—I had seen him before—I saw one of them, not the prisoner, go into the road and take a box from behind the wagon—the prisoner was on the pavement at the time—I ran down stairs directly after the wagoner—I came up with him and told him, and we went in pursuit—I afterwards saw the prisoner with a box on his shoulder, of the same shape and size as that which had been taken from the van—I came up with him—I staid a minute or two, and Crasher told me to take the box towards the van, which I did—I had not got to the van when I heard them halloo out, "Stop thief!"—I afterwards saw Crusher in Baker's-row, bleeding from the back of the head—I afterwards saw the prisoner at the station—I am sure he is the man.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen him before that day? A. Many times—I knew his person well, and his brother's also—I taw him perhaps for two or three minutes on this occasion—I swear he is the man.





WILLIAM ANSELL
. I am book-keeper at the Saracen's Head, Aldgate. About three o'clock in the afternoon of the 3rd of April I sent Crusher with a van-load of luggage—I after saw him return bleeding—in consequence of what he told me I went to the station-house and gave information—I found the box at the railway station—this now produced is it—it is constantly in transit—it came from Mr. Topham, of St. Al ban's, and was to go to Messrs. Betts, of Ipswich—it was then under the care of the carriers, Henry, Robert, and John Smith—Mr. Tophara, the consignor, opened the box in my presence—it contained prepared horse-hair, and bundles of prepared platted straw.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you the agent of the Smiths? A. No, my employer is—they have been carriers at the Saracen's Head many years, and I have an account with them—their bills are headed, "Henry, Robert, and John Smith"—I have seen them all about the premises, and have paid money to all three on alternate weeks—last Saturday I paid some to John—I had a letter from Henry the day before yesterday on business, and I answered it.





EDWARD BURGESS
 (police-constable H 198.) In consequence of information I went in search of the prisoner—on Friday, the 18th, I saw him in Whitechapel, and went up to him—I was in plain clothes—he knew me and ran—I caught him, and told him I wanted him for stealing a box from a wagon on the 3rd of April, in Charles-street, Mile-end New-town—he said I was mistaken, he could bring his landlady to prove he was at home.





CORNELIUS FOAY
 (police-constable H 98.) I was with Burgess when he took tlie prisoner—as we were going to the station I observed something heavy fall from the prisoner on the pavement—it was this iron life-preserver—I was close behind him, and there was no one else near except a butcher—as I was taking him to the police-court next morning he called to a woman, and said, "Mrs. Turner, tell the other parties to krep out of the way, they have got me wrong."

Cross-examined. Q. No attempt was made to use this weapon upon you? A. No.





JOSEPH SMITH
. I am a butcher, and live in Aldgate. I was in Osborne-street,

Whitechapel, and saw the prisoner in custody of two officers—as I was walking behind I saw him put his hand into his right-hand pocket, pull out this weapon, and drop it behind him.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years more.

