



199. 




EDWARD DRAKE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
5th of May, a gelding, price 15l., the goods of 



William White.


MR. HOWARTH
conducted the Prosecution,





WILLIAM WHITE
. I live in the parish of Kempsey, in Worcestershire—I deal in fruit and garden-stuff. On the 4th of May, between eight and nine o'clock at night, I saw my horse safe on the pasturage, near my house—I missed it between nine and ten next morning—in consequence of in—formation, I came to town on the 3rd of Nov. last, with Mr. Betteridge, a neighbour, and next day accompanied the policeman to the Paddington station, and found the horse in possession of a man named Larkin, at a stable at Bayswater—it was the horse I lost, and was a gelding, an irongrey—I have known the prisoner some time, but have not seen him for fifteen years—he was bred and born at Kempsey.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. How long have you carried on business at Kempsey? A. Nine or ten years—I have also been a labourer—I never was away from Kempsey—I mentioned my loss to the police, at the office at Worcester—the gelding was about five years old—I had bought it when a year and a half old, from Williams, a Welsh—man, at Worcester fair.

Q. Did you offer to take a sum of money from Larkin, and go back to Worcester, and say nothing more? A. No, that is quite wrong—I said that when this trial was over I did not mind about taking it back again—I did not mind selling it—I expect to get it back after the trial, but I do not mean to sell it—I asked him 10l. for it—it it worth 12l., and is about 14 hands high—I never measured it.





DAVID LARKIN
. I am a green-grocer, and live at Bayswater. I know the prisoner—I bought the horse claimed by the prosecutor, of the prisoner—I have not known him a great while—I applied to him for a horse about two months before I bought it—he said he would get me one, and

brought two to my house on Friday, the 3rd of May—I know it was the 3rd, because I had four shoes taken off the horse on the 4th, which was Saturday, as I am informed—am positive it was the 3rd of May—I gave 15l. for it.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you known him to be dealing in horses? A. Yes—this horse is improved very much since—it is much bigger—I should say it is 13 1/2 or 14 hands high, but I am not much of a judge—it is very much increased in height since I had it.

COURT. Q. When did you first see the horse? A. The very day I bought it—it was brought to me in the morning, in very poor condition, and had come a long journey.

MR. HOWARTH. Q. Is the horse higher as well as bigger, than it was? A. Yes; and any one that has seen the horse will feel a difficulty in swearing to him; it has changed its colour; I should call it almost a dapple-grey, and he is fat instead of thin—he is outside the Court—he has not been clipped or touched at all.

COURT. Q. Have you been bargaining for the horse with Mr. White? A. Last session we were about making a bargain—he offered me the horse for 7l., but I did not buy it—I had put in a brief to claim the horse.





JOSEBH WALKER
 (police-sergeant D 5.) The prosecutor applied to me on a Sunday morning, last Nov., about a horse, and I accompanied him round Bayswater—I knew where there were several horses that the prisoner had sold—I went with him to Larkin's house, and found two horses there, one of which the prosecutor claimed directly be saw it.

JURY
to
WILLIAM WHITE. Q. How do know this horse, to be able positively to speak to it? A. By the marks on it; it has got three white legs and one black one, the fore leg—it has a little lump on the head, over the eye, which was done when I had it; it also had a large scissors-mark on the hip, and a brand mark on the hoofs, but they are nearly or quite worn out—the hair was long, and Larkin said he had pulled the hair out of the tail, but had not docked it—a horse always grows from five to six years of age—the eyes are very middling to what they were then—the colour is not changed, it stands very good—I can take my oath that it is my property—I have walked many hundred miles after it—I had seen all these marks before I lost it.

COURT. Q. Did you tell the policeman of any of these marks before you saw the horse? A. Yes—I had offered 5l. reward for it, and had described the animal in the advertisement in the Hue and Cry—this is the advertisement—(read)—"Stolen or strayed, on the 4th instant, from Kempsey-common, about five miles from Worcester, an iron-grey halfbred horse, five years old, about fourteen hands high; has a white mane and tail, three white legs, the off fore-leg black; has a scissor-mark 'W,' on the off hip, and a brand-mark, 'W,' on both hoofs on the off side. A reward of 5l., will be paid on the apprehension and conviction of the offender or offenders. Information to be given as above." The date of the paper was the 24th of May.





DAVID LARKIN

re-examined. I have a witness outside who can swear to the horse—it is not what I should call an iron-grey; it is a grey decidedly, but there are so many differences in grey—it is not half-bred, but what I should call the regular cart-horse breed—I cannot tell its age—I should say it was about fourteen hands high, but I am not a judge, and cannot speak to that fact—it has a grey mane and three white legs—the off foreleg

is not black, but a very dark grey—it has no scissors-mark, and never had—I never saw such a mark anywhere—it was examined very particularly by twenty people in the neighbourhood—I found no brand-mark "W"—the farrier is here that took his shoes off on the Saturday, the very next day—I do not know that the hoofs were touched.





WILLIAM WHITE

re-examined. The mark on the off hoofs is the mark of a burn, near the front of the hoofs—I have not examined the hoofs since—I found all the other marks I have mentioned, except the scissorsmark, and I could see that when I was here before—I have not noticed it now, for I have not had it in my possession, only seen it at the door here—Larkin has had it ever since—it is a mark that would wear out in time—it was on it when I lost it, and had been on about a month—I had put it on myself—I always marked it with "W" for White, because I lost one before about nine years ago.

COURT
to
DAVID LARKIN. Q. You attended here at a former session? A. Yes, expecting to be called as a witness—I have seen the prisoner once in prison—I went to him for the purpose of mentioning the circumstance—I did not know the date then, no more did he, at least, he said the 3rd—I have witnesses here to prove the date it was bought was the 3rd—they are William Payne and Emily Hooper.

Q. How came you to bring witnesses here? A. I stood naked, and was obliged to seek for what evidence I could—I went to Mr. Beok last Monday, and asked him if he had any recollection of my buying a horse there in May—he said he booked everything—I stated to the policeman that I did not know the time at which I bought the horse; I said it was very early in May, but what day I could not say.

MR. BALLANTINE
called






WILLIAM PAYNE
. I am a farrier at Mr. Beck's, at No. 19, Northwharf-road, Paddington. I remember Larkin bringing a horse to our shop to have the shoes taken off—it was a grey horse, as far as I can describe him—I cannot exactly say the height—I have seen the horse since—Mr. Larkin brought him last week, to know if we could recollect the horse coming to have his shoes taken off—I cannot recollect when it was brought, but my master has looked through the books—he is not here—my master has got a clerk that keeps the books—they are not here, nor is the clerk.

COURT. Q. Who brought you here? A. I came here with Mr. Larkin—it was in May that he brought the horse—I could not see that it had any initial on it—the horse was new shod five days after, as near as we can recollect—if there had been any brand-mark on the hoofs we should have seen it when we clenched the horse's feet up—I did not do that my—self, I only took the shoes off when the horse was brought—I did not notice any brand-mark—we have had plenty of other horses to shoe, but Larkin did not bring any other—we do not write down the marks of all the horses that come to us.





EMILY HOOPER
. My husband is an engineer. I know Mr. Larkin—on Friday, the 3rd of May, after tea, I went and looked at a new horse he had bought—I am certain it was on Friday, the 3rd of May.

COURT. Q. When was your attention called to this fact? A. To-day—I recollect the day, because I had been to chapel the Sunday before, which was the 28th of April, after my confinement—my husband came and asked me to look at Mr. Larkin's new horse, and I went and looked at it—it was

a grey horse—I live at No. 36, Pickering-place—Mr. Larkin is my brother-in-law, and lives near us—I cannot be mistaken in the day—it was on "Parliament Friday," and I had been to chapel on the Sunday before, and it was the first Sunday I had been out after my confinement—I recollect that I saw the grey horse the first week of my going out—I did not go out the next Sunday—I was not well—I did the Sunday after that, with my sister, who had been confined, but not the following Sunday—Larkin is a greengrocer, and my husband worked for him when he was out of a situation, and he staid with him till he had the situation which was promised him—I was confined on the 8th of April, Easter Monday—I saw the horse in Mr. Larkins's stable—he had another horse there—they generally take me to see the horses—I see all of them—I saw the last when he bought it—that was a grey horse—I do not know when that was, or how long before my confinement.

MR. HOWARTH. Q. Then Larkin had a grey horse before this? A. Yes, I believe it was a grey horse—I have since seen the horse that I saw on the 3rd of May—my husband is at work at a railway at Bradford, in Yorkshire—I was not well enough to go to church on the fourth Sunday after my confinement—I have not been well since—I was not quite well on the Friday when I went to see this horse—it is only next door but one to where I live.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You have not been examined by any attorney? A. No, nor made any statement—I came here with Mr. Larkin—I did not know I should be examined.
(The Jury retired to look at the horse, and stated that it answered the description given by prosecutor,)
(See First Session, p, 18, and Magnay Mayor, Twelfth Session, p, 845.)




GUILTY.* Aged 58.—


Transported for Ten Years
.
