




2384. The said 




ROBERT FOWLER
 and 



GEORGE ARNOLD
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
30th of June, 2 pails, value 2s.; 1 spade, 1s. 6d.; 1 spittoon, 9d.; 1 dish, 9d.; 1 steamer, 6d.; 1lb of brass, 9d.; 1 coffee pot, 6d.; 1 candlestick, 4d.; 3 canisters, 7d.; 1 ladle, 6d.; and 8 fish slices, 6d.; the goods of 



Benjamin Beedle Collins.


FOWLER pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 72.—


Transported for Seven Years.






BENJAMIN BEEDLE COLLINS
. On the 24th of June the sheriff put in a distress on my goods, and Robert Fowler was put in possession—there was a sale—some of the goods were cleared away, and I took possession of my premises again—I had authorised the auctioneer to sell up and give me the balance, but these articles were not lotted—it was not necessary to sell them—they were mine—on the 30th of June, George Arnold, who was the auctioneer's porter, came out with these two pails and these other things—he met Fowler and a woman in Old-street-road—I followed them, and saw the officer.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. The same auctioneer that was employed by the Sheriff, you authorised to sell the remainder of the things? A. Yes, the things having been previously divided into lots—Price was clerk to the auctioneer—he gave the orders, and Arnold was Price's man—I had met Arnold in the course of that day, and told him I had lost about 15l. worth of goods—I did not caution him—we had something to drink—my house is in Shoreditch—I saw Arnold when he had come out of my house with these two pails, and other things on his shoulder.





ANN WHITE
. I was at the bar of a public-house—Fowler came in and asked me to drink—he then asked me to go to an empty house with him where he had a sale—I went, and went up stairs—when I came down I found

Arnold and Fowler in the shop—Fowler put the spade and pails on Arnold's shoulder, and told him to go on and take the first turning—he went of and Fowler began to take liberties with me.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not Fowler give you some things? A. Yes, three bottles and an old tin—I was carrying them away—I was taken.





WILLIAM HODGE
 (police-constable N 97.) I received information, and ran after Arnold—he had two pails filled with tin ware across his shoulder on a spade—he was going towards Old-street—Mr. Collins gave him in charge, and said it was his property—Arnold said he was going to the auctioneer, who lives in Warwick-court, Holborn—Arnold told the prosecutor that such things as these were generally perquisites.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you say one word about the perquisites before the Magistrate? A. I did not—I was not asked.

ARNOLD—


NOT GUILTY
.
