




234. 




THOMAS DAVIS
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
28th of Sept., 1 looking-glass and frame, value 5l., the goods of 



George Rogers and another; and





EDWARD WADDILOVE



, for inciting, moving, procuring, counselling, and commanding the said Thomas Davis to commit the said felony.—3rd COUNT, for harbouring and maintaining the said Thomas Davis.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution,






JOSEPH KIBBLEWHITE
. I live in New Church-street, Padding ton. In Sept. last I was employed as agent to let a house at No. 45, Bedford-place, near Bayswater—Davis saw me on the subject in the early part of Sept.—I let him the house by the year—the rent was 36l. a year, to commence on the 29th of Sept.—I had a man near the spot, who had the key, and who gave it to him—he described himself as an artist, and referred me to Mr. Hubbert, No. 12, George-yard—I went there, and saw a person who called himself Hubbert.





WILLIAM DEAR
. I am an upholsterer, and carry on business with George Rogers, in St. George's-place, Hyde-park. On the 19th of Sept. Davis ordered some goods to be sent to No. 45, Bedford-place—he gave me his card, and said he had taken the house on a five years' lease; his wife was in York-shire; but in the course of a week he would bring her to select some more goods—in consequence of what he said, I sent some carpets into the house on the 22nd, and on the 28th I sent a glass there by Triphook, in consequence of a message brought to me by Sharman—it was a stock glass, used as a patten—it was only to show the style of it—there was no price or bill of parcels sent—I saw it next on the 5th of Oct., at Mr. King's, in Holborn—I got the duplicate from a woman, who went by the name of Waddilove, at No. 1, Chapel-place, Borough—it was a very small house, one story above and one below, a very different house to that in Bedford-place—I went there on Tuesday, the 5th of Oct.—this is my glass.





JOHN SHARMAN
. I am in the service of Rogers and Dear. On the 27th of Sept. I received directions from my master to go to No. 45, Bedford-place—it was a respectable-looking house—I saw a servant, called William—after that I was putting down some carpets, and Davis desired me to measure the chimney-piece, to have a glass put in hand for it—I measured it, and brought the order home for it—my master had not a glass of the size ordered—I went next day to complete the laying down of the carpets—I saw Davis there, Waddilove, William, and a female called Mary—William invited me down stairs to take something—when I got to the kitchen I found Mary and Waddi-love—Waddilove said he had come to invite Mary, his sister-in-law, to a christening—Mary said she could not go, she expected her young mistress home from Yorkshire, but they could come to her on Sunday, and if her mistress had not come home, they could come into the house, and spend the evening there—William said his master had just married a young lady, worth 5000l.—I cannot say whether Waddilove heard it, but he was there—he was tipsy at the time—William said there would be furniture wanted for the drawing-room—in consequence of what passed, I desired to know from Davis, through William, whether it would be desirable to look at a pattern glass—he appeared to go up, and come down—he said Mr. Davis would wait at home till half-past nine o'clock to-morrow morning—Davis then had a fine head of black hair—whether it was a wig or not I cannot say—it appeared to be kept in very good order.






RICHARD WILLIAM TRIPHOOK
. I am in the employ of Rogers and Dear. On the morning of the 28th of Sept. I was sent with this chimney-glass to No. 45, Bedford-place—I asked for Mr. Davis—I saw William—they said Davis was at home—I took the glass in, and asked for Mr. Davis—William said he was not at home—I left the glass for him to see—I said I would send up the next day—I was asked to take a glass of ale, but declined it.





JOHN CLARIDGE
. I am in the service of Mr. King, a pawnbroker, in High-Holborn. On the 30th of Sept. I took this glass in pledge, for three guineas, in the name of "John Jones, housekeeper, 10, Shoe-lane"—I believe Davis is the man who brought it, but he is so much altered in appearance, I should not like to swear to him—he had black hair at that time—this is the duplicate I gave. GEORGE ROGERS. I am in partnership with Mr. Dear—we are upholsterers. We received an order from Davis—on the 30th of Sept. I went to No. 45, Bedford-place—the house was shut—I could not get in—there was a bill up to let it, and it appeared to me to be empty—on the 4th of Oct. I went with a policeman to a small house in Chapel-place, Borough, with two rooms, nothing like the house in Bedford-place—I knocked at the door, and Waddilove appeared—I said, "I believe Mr. Davis is here; I want to see him on a charge of taking a looking-glass of mine"—Waddilove said, "He is not here, and you shan't come in"—I put one foot in the door to prevent its being shut—he tried to shut me in between the door and door-post, but, with the assistance of a policeman, I forced myself in—I said I would search the house for Davis, as I believed him to be there—Waddilove said, "By God, nobody shall go up stairs"—we had a very severe scuffle together—he tried to get me by* the throat—I forced his hand from there—he seized my coat, tore it, struck me on my breast, and broke my watch glass—I forced my way from him, got up stairs, and saw Davis—I called to the officer that Davit was there, and begged him to come and take him—Waddilove had the tongs in his hand, trying to strike the policemen with them, and they were holding him at the time—he said, "Davis is my master, I will protect him to the last moment of my existence"—he said he had never been to No. 45, Bedford-place, Bays water, and did not know where it was—I saw Mrs. Waddilove there—I saw Davis pass something small over to her.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You sent some carpets on the 27th? A. Yes—I never got them again, nor the money for them—I said, when I took him, it was for swindling us of carpets and a glass.





JAMES HARRISON
 (police-constable M 195.) I accompanied Mr. Rogers to Chapel-place, which is a narrow turning out of Suffolk-street—Mr. Rogers knocked at the door—Waddilove opened it—he said Davis was not there, neither should we come in there—a scuffle then took place between Rogers and Waddilove—Rogers was thrown down on his back in the room—he got away, and got up stairs.





FREDERICK LITCHFIELD
 (police-constable M 50.) I went to this honse—Waddilove said to Davis, "Don't go, don't go—you are my master, I will protect you."

DAVIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Years.


WADDILOVE—



GUILTY. Aged 33,—
GUILTY
on the 3rd Count
—




Confined Two Years.

