



1893. 




JOHN KING
 was indicted

 for feloniously and knowingly delivering to 



Eliza Lynn a certain letter, demanding money from her with menaces, and without any reasonable or probable cause.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZA LYNN.
 I am the daughter of a clergyman, the vicar of Keswick, in Cumberland—I have recently been residing at 35, Montague-place, Russell-square, and have been in the habit of pursuing a course of reading at the British Museum, by permission of the Trustees—there is a gate appropriated for the entrance of the readers to the reading-room—I think I know the gate-keeper, Dingle, by sight—I went there last Wednesday week, the 11th of Aug.—I found the prisoner at the gate—after I had entered the gate, he ran after me with a letter—this now produced is it—the envelope is addressed to me by name, "Miss Lynn, Reading-room, British Museum," and this is the note that was enclosed—I read part of the contents of the letter, and immediately communicated what had happened, to the attendants at the Museum.





JOHN WINTER JONES.
 I am the senior assistant in the department of Printed Books at the British Museum—the prisoner was a supernumerary attendant—it was his duty to be in the library, and hand the books into the reading-room—I have seen him write frequently, and know his writing, the note produced is his writing, I have no doubt of it whatever.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. How often have you seen him write? A. He has been at the place many years—I must have seen him write twenty, thirty, or forty times—he makes entries in a book, connected with the particulars of the works used in the reading-room—I have received letters from him from time to time, and I know that he spells very inaccurately—I have no doubt or question at all about this letter being his writing.





ANTONIO PANIZZI, ESQ.
 I am the keeper of the Printed Books at the Museum, and know the prisoner very well—a man of the name of Buckler keeps the reading-gate, as it is called—there are two porters, one at the gate, and another at the room inside, called the cloak-room—on Wednesday week Buckler had a holiday, and was away from the gate for three days—his leave of absence expired on the Friday—the prisoner was to fill his situation while he was away—I have known him since he has been in the Museum—I have often seen him write, and have no doubt whatever about this letter being his writing.


COURT.
Q. Supposing it was intimated that money was to be left at a box where there was a porter at gate, it would have fallen into his hands that day? A. Yes, up to the evening of Thursday, the porter at the gate would be the prisoner himself—I saw Mr. Jardine, the Magistrate, put his initials to the letter.





ROBERT CAWTON.
 I am an attendant in the Printed Book department at the Museum—I know the prisoner and his writing—to the best of my belief this letter produced is the prisoner' writing.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you entertain any doubt about it? A. None whatever.

The letter was here read:—"Miss Lynn, Reading-rooms, British Museum.—Miss Lynn, I have wached you for some time with Mr. Barnard. I have seen all your tricks andmaneuvers. I have followed you from the readingroom abont the streets with Mr. Barnard. I have seen where you have gone to with him. I have herd your conversation with him, in fact I have seen more than you are aware of, and know more than you think for, and I must say you ought to be ashamed of yourself to first and go on so with a married man, as Mr. Barnard is, with a family of young children as he has got, and his wife a nice lady that ever lived. It is wrong of you to allow him to act as he does. If it was known to his wife and family, you would suffer for it most sevearly; and your own family what would they say to it all, and more particularly your brother, what would he say to all this going on? He does not in the least suspect you of acting in this way, like a common girl of the town; indeed you in some respects are worse, for they do not often take up with married men if they know it. Now, Miss, I shall write to your brother and explain all to him, and write to your family and explain all to them, unless you do one thing, and that only shall save you. I know of a very poor family who is in the greatest distress, brought on by the bad conduct of the father, who died six months age all through his extravagant ways, by keeping another woman, and suffering his poor wife and family to want. Now if you will enclose a five pound note, or as much near that sum as you can conveniently spair, and leave it at the little box close to the iron gate as you enter to go to the reading-rooms—leave it either with the old man at that box, or with the young man that is there during the day of wednesday the 11th of August, or Thursday the 12th, and direct it to Mr. J. Smith, till called for; and if not left by Thursday evening I shall not wait longer, but communicate the whole of the affair, to your eternal disgrace, to your family, brother, and all concerned in it, and to the reading-rooms.—J. SMITH."






JOHN CRISPIN RAWLEY.
 I am an inspector of police. I took the prisoner into custody about three o'clock on Wednesday, the 11th of August—I told him that he must consider himself in my custody for knowingly sending the letter to the lady—he admitted that he had given it to her, but said that a man he did not know had given it him—I searched him, and found on him a pocket-book of memorandums, from which I should say that he was not a person who was in want.

MR. BALLANTINE
submitted that the letter did not contain such a menace as was contemplated by the statute. The
COURT
considered that it was for the Jury to put their construction upon the wording of the letter, and that if, in their opinion, it contained a threat to charge a criminal intercourse with the party named, then that it was a menace within the meaning of the Act of Parliament.


Cases referred to:—The King v. Pickford, 4 Car. & Payne, 257; The King v. Sutherton, 2 Russell on Crimes, 706; and the Queen v. Hamilton, 1 car. and Payne.


Edward Turner, Esq., No. 19, Salisbury-street, Agar-town; Robert Richardson, net and tent-maker, No. 21, Cambridge-place, New-road; John Ayre, clerk in chancery; Henry Hetherington, bookseller, No. 51, Judd-street; Thomas Rogins, baker, No. 45, Judd. street; Richard John Madden, victualler, Museum-street; and William Griffin and J. Knight, attendants in the library of the British Museum, gave the prisoner a good character.




GUILTY. Aged 44.—


Transported for Seven Years.

