



2432. 




ELIZA STACEY



, stealing 1 watch, value 15l.; 1 guard-chain, and other articles, 15l.; the goods of 



James Suter, in the dwelling-house of 



Mary Jones.






HENRY GILLIES
 (policeman, R 327). On Monday, 2nd Oct., at two o'clock in the morning, I was on duty in Rose-street, Greenwich—I heard a cry of "Murder!"—I went to the place whence it proceeded, knocked at the door, and the moment I got in I found the keeper of the house and the prisoner struggling—the prisoner had this watch in her hand—the woman charged her with stealing it—I thought the prisoner was endeavouring to hide it amongst the bed-clothes—I pinioned her arms and took it from her—I asked Mr. Suter, who was there, if he had lost anything else—he said, "Yes; a ring"—I then pinioned her arms again, and this ring fell from her hand—an officer who was with me took some money out of her hand—the prisoner made use of bad language, and said we were sharks—she afterwards said she was going to take care of it, and give it to the gentleman—she was dressed, except her stays, which were under her arm.

Prisoner. He took the watch out of the gentleman's hand, across the bed. Witness. No; the watch was in your hand.





JANE JONES
. I live at Greenwich, and keep a lodging-house for casual visitors of both sexes—the prisoner came to my house on Sunday evening, 1st Oct., about half-past eleven o'clock, with Suter—he was very much in liquor—she asked him if he would give her a little to drink—he said, "Yes"—he took half-a-crown out of his pocket, and gave it to me, to fetch half-a-pint of gin—I gave him the 2s. change, and he gave it me, to pay for the bed—I went a second time for gin for him, and he gave me a sovereign to get it—between one and two 2 heard the prisoner walking about in the room—I went to the street-door—the prisoner came into the passage, and said she was going to get a pot of ale, as she made it a rule to have a pot of ale on the table, as she was thirsty in the night—I said, "You are not going out; I will fetch it," and I sent a boy for it—I had noticed the prosecutor's watch and chain on the drawers—I afterwards saw them in the prisoner's hand—when I went into the room with the pot of ale, she endeavoured to keep me out; but I would go in, and the gentleman's clothes were on the floor, and his watch was in her hand—I took hold of her, and desired hex to put the watch down—she said she would not—she said he had little or no money, and she would not stop with any man, unless he had 3l. or 4l.—I struck her, to try to get the watch from her—she cried "Murder!" and the officers came to the door.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not take part of the beer, and were you not in the room? A. No—I did not tell you to ply him with plenty of gin—you said you would not take a farthing less than 3l. or 4l., and if you had been anywhere else, you should have taken it before—I did not tell you to go out of the house after you had been to bed with him and got up again.

Prisoner. It was your intention to rob him, not mine; you fetched four half-pints of gin; I was not over the threshold of the door; if the gentleman had been sober, I should not have been here now; you will swear anything.





JAMES SUTER
. I live at the Grove, Blackheath, and am clerk to my father. On 1st Oct. I came to London, and drank freely with some friends whom I met—I reached Greenwich about eleven o'clock at night—I believe I met the prisoner, and went home with her—I do not recollect her person—I was in that state that I do not recollect anything—it might have been the prisoner—I was awoke by the policemen the next morning and missed this

ring from my finger, some silver from my pocket, and this watch—it is mine—I do not recollect that I gave it to anybody—I am sure I did not—I have no recollection of what passed.

Prisoner's Defence. I had no intention of robbing him; she wanted to make me go out of the house after the gentleman was in bed and asleep; I had been to bed and got up again, because the gentleman was taken sick; I went to get the basin for him.

JURY
to
MRS. JONES
Q. Where was the prisoner when you saw her? A. She came out of the bed-room into the passage next to the street-door—she had left the bed-room, and she had the property in her right hand—I pushed her back into the bed-room, with it.




GUILTY. Aged 35.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.
—



Transported for Seven Years.

