



423. 




JAMES WILLIAM LUDLAM



, breaking and entering the dwell ing-house of 



Charles Butler, and stealing 64 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, 1 crown, 4 half-crowns; I 30l., 4 20l., 12 10l., and 4 5l. notes; his property.


MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZA BUTLER
. I am the wife of Charles Butler, of 75, Brandon-street, Lock's-fields, in the parish of Newington—we keep an ale and beer-shop. On Saturday evening, 16th Dec., about a quarter or ten minutes past seven o'clock, I went into my bed-room, which is the front room on the first-floor, to make the bed—there are two chests of drawers in that room, rn one of which my husband always keeps his money—it is a small drawer, and is always kept loeked—it was to all appearance safe as usual at that time, and the window quite shut—it had not been opened that day—it is a small sash-window, with a catch at the side—I did not notice whether that catch was up or down at the time—I came down stairs, and in about twenty or twenty-five minutes a little girl, named Sarah Ann Sharp, came and told me something—I immediately took a light, and ran up to my bed-room—I could not get in—I called same men to vay assistance, and afterwards got in—I found a chaif had been placed

between the clothes-stool and the drawers, to prevent my getting in—the window-sash was thrown np to the top, the drawers broken open, and the money gone—I do not know what amount there was in the drawer—I was never accustomed to go to it—I saw nothing of the prisoner that evening—I had seen him between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning—there is a ledge over the bar-window, and under the bed-room window, upon which a person could stand, and so get into the bed-room.





CHARLES BUTLER
. I keep this beer-shop, and deal in second-hand carriages. About nine o'clock, on the morning of 16th Dec, I went to the drawer in the bed-room, where I kept my money—I found it correct, as far as I knew, the same as I had left it overnight—there were nine sovereigns and a half, loose, and a bag containing fifty sovereigns—I did not open that that morning, and had not counted the money for a fortnight or three weeks—I had not counted ray notes for a goodish bit, but when my man brought me notes home 1 put them into my pocket-book along with the rest—I believe the money I then had was 255l. in notes, fifty sovereigns in the bag, nine sovereigns and a half, four half-crowns, and a crown-piece—I went oat at ten o'clock that morning, and returned about eight or nine in the evening, a little tipsy, and found the room in the state Mrs. Butler has described, the drawer broken open, and the money gone.





FANNY WHITE
 I am the wife of William White, of 22, Brandon-street, nearly opposite Mr. Butler's, and am a milliner. On Saturday evening, 16th Dec, about half-past seven o'clock, I was going from the Kent-road to my own house, and had occasion to pass Mr. Butler's on the opposite side of the way—I saw a man looking out of the bed-room window, which was wide open—I was then eight or ten yards off—I looked at him, and I believe he saw me, for he drew back into the room—I saw another man on the pavement, under the window, with an umbrella—it was raining—I had an umbrella up, leaning over my right shoulder—I heard the man under the window say, "Damme, be quick"—the man then came forward to the window again, and jumped out into the street—whether he jumped from the window, or first stepped on the ledge, I cannot tell—I had not an opportunity of seeing his face fully the first time; the second time I saw it perfectly—the prisoner is the man—I had very frequently seen him before at Mr. Butler's, where I was in the habit of going twice a day for my beer—I never spoke to him, and did not know his name—in the summer-time he was generally sitting on a form outside the bar-window—there is a gaslight in the bar-window; that threw a light up towards the first-floor quite sufficient for me to see the man, and when he jumped down, the man with the umbrella first ran, the prisoner followed him round the corner—I immediately went in, and described the man to Mrs. Butler—when the prisoner alighted on the ground I was not more than two yards from him—I was crossing the road, and I stood still when he jumped, by the side of a chaise-cart—I have not the slightest doubt the prisoner is the person.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You are not in the habit of doubting much about anything, are you? A. I have not had anything to doubt about; if I had any I would say so—my husband is a milkman—the umbrella I had was a cotton one, and rather large, and I had two loaves under my arm—I cannot exactly say when I had seen the prisoner last—I had been ill for nearly eight weeks after my confinement, and my doctor ordered me not to take beer, so I have not been to the house for some time—I was taken ill on 1st Nov.—it could not have been many days before that that I saw him, because I was in the habit of seeing him daily—I am sure I have seen him

since the summer, but I did not know where he lived—he used to be in company with a stout man—I knew that stout man by sight, for I had to take home some dresses to a person at 25, Charles-street, Lock's-fields, and this stout man opened the door to roe, which made me notice him particularly afterwards—I have seen him sitting with the prisoner before that and afterwards also—I did not know his name either—the prisoner used to wear a hat; on this night he had a black shiny cap on, like oilskin, I cannot say whether it had a front to it—it was not over his face—it seemed on the crown of hit head—it was a darkish night—there was no light, except from the bar-parlour—I am certain that the shutters of the bar-parlour were down—I saw a little girl in advance of me; I do not know her name, the was nearer to Mr. Butler's house than I was—she gave the first alarm—the next time I saw the prisoner was on the Wednesday morning following, the 19th, at the station—the sergeant came after me, and told me he had got the man—he did not point him out to me—I was sent into the room—there were several men there—I was sent in to recognise the man that I had been in the habit of seeing at Mr. Butler's, and I knew him in a minute—I cannot tell how he was dressed, no more than the cap—I saw his features very clearly—the light was thrown upon his face from the barwindow, which is a bowwindow—the gaslamp outside was not alight, but the gas inside the window was, and I saw the prisoner's features from that—it is a large window, all glass—it is flat to the house, not a bow—I did not notice the man's face the first time, but the second time, when he got out, I saw it perfectly, as he was getting out, and at the window—those were the only opportunities I bad of seeing him—he had nothing on his face—his cap was on his head—I could see his face plainly—I did not notice whether he had whiskers—I had always seen him with whiskers—I did not run alter him—I am timid, and I immediately went in and told Mrs. Butler.

COURT. Q. When have you seen him with whiskers? A. When he was sitting on the bench in the summer—I never saw him without whiskers till I saw him at the station—I always noticed bim particularly—he bad not very large whiskers—he generally had a stick in his hand—I did not observe whether he had whiskers when I saw him at the station, but 1 felt perfectly sure he was the man.





WILLIAM SMITH
 (policeman, P 82). I was called to Butler's house on Saturday, 16th Dec.—I saw some marks on the leaden ledge outside the first-floor window, apparently from shoe-nails—the ledge extends about eight inches from the wall over the bar-window—it is put to carry the wet off—it is level, so that a person could stand on it, and get from it in at the front window—a person could easily get from the ground to that ledge, it is only six or seven feet high—it is a very low house; you go down a step to get into it—if one man assisted another to get up, of course it would be easier—I received from Mrs. Butler a description of a person—I also received other information, in consequence of which I sought for the prisoner—I bad seen him before, but did not know his name—I went to 72, St. Andrew's-road, Kent-road, and with other constables watched that house from two o'clock on Sunday until Tuesday night, 19th, about nine, when I saw the prisoner come into St. Andrew's-road, come along on the opposite side to where he lived, and pass his house, 72—after he had passed it four or five houses, he crossed the road in a slanting direction, went into an a venue or court leading into St. George's-road, about a dozen or eighteen steps, then returned and went on the same side of the way as his house, and just as he got to the door he coughed—he did not knock—the door was opened almost

immediately, and he went in—he remained there that night—I watched the whole of the night with two other constables—he was taken into custody next morning at half-past ten, by Davis.

Cross-examined. Q. When, did you first get information of the robbery? A. About eight o'clock on the night it occurred—there were four or five policemen watching the prisoner's house at different times, detectives and others—we kept a constant watch on the house—I saw some persons go in—I knew some of them, they were followed when they came out—the premises were searched after he was taken, and nothing found—he seemed to be living in a very humble way, and to be poor—he has a wife and child, and only occupied one room—other persons were living in the house.

MR. PARRY. Q, Were you able to ascertain in any way how he got his living? A. Not at all—I made inquiries—I did not observe the light at Butler's on the Saturday night—from the light in the window you could discern a person above—a light is cast up the front of the house from the gas, so that you can see the first-floor window very well—the bar-window is very large, and the burner very strong.

COURT
to
CHARLES BUTLER. Q. How came you to keep so much money in your house? A. Because I do a little discounting—I sometimes have 400l. or 500l. in the bouse, and sometimes not 50l.—I have no banker—I never lost anything before—I am a coach-broker—I purchase carriages and coaches of all descriptions, and lay out some hundreds of pounds in a twelvemonth.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Have you ever said that from inquiries you had made you were quite satisfied the prisoner was not the man who committed the robbery? A. I am sure I do not know what I said—I was a little unsettled at the time I lost the money—I do not know that I had said anything to that effect—I do not remember whether I did or not—the gas lamp is close against the window, it does not show a great light unless my wife turns it on strong—the prisoner has used my house six or seven months, off and on—I did not know his name or address, I am seldom at home—I go out of a morning and come home in the evening—I leave the beer business to my wife, and attend Robinson's, Dixon's, and Tattersall's sales.





ELIZA BUTLER

re-examined. I cannot say how I turned on the gas this night—it does not show a great light except 1 turn it on to its extent, which 1 rarely do.





SARAH ANN SHARP
. I live at 6, Rodney-place, New Kent-road. On Saturday evening, 16th Sept., I went to Mr. Butler's for some beer for my mistress, and as I was going out of the house with it, I saw a roan jump from the window—there was a man underneath the window, and I heard him say, "All right, make haste," or something of that sort—I directly ran in and said, "Mrs. Butler, there is a man jumped from your window"—she went up stairs and 1 went away—I do not know who the man was—I took no notice of him.

Cross-examined Q. Why? A. I do not know—it was a dark night—I had just come out of the door—I did not notice whether the tap-room shutters were shut, but I am almost sure they were—I do not think there was any light shining out—the roan's face was not towards me—I did not see Mrs. White—there was no light shining on the person as he jumped from the window—it was not possible for anybody to see his face—I know nothing of the prisoner—I have often seen him before at Mr. Butler's—I did not notice what the man had on his head—he jumped out very quickly, and went away as hard as he could.


JURY. Q. You do not remember whether any light shone out or not? A. There was a light from the bar-window—that did not reflect on the man—there was light enough for me to see there was a man—I did not know the prisoner's name or where he lived—I have been living in my present fifteen months, and was in service before—I ate getting on for sixteen years old.





RICHARD DAVIS
 (policeman, P 55). I apprehended the prisoner—I found on him 1l. 7s. 6d., told him what he was charged with—he asked whether Mr. Boiler authorised me to take him or not—I said I staid not answer that question, he must go to the station—I had authority to take him—the prosecutor's house is its the parish of St. Mary, Newinton.





CHARLES BUTLER

re-examined. I have seen the prisoner with whiskers—I saw him without them for a little while, two or three months ago—on the night before ike robbery I saw him at my house aboout seven or eight—I was not tipsy—I had bad a little drop to drink—the prisoner called for two pints of beer and I drank part of it—he had no whiskers then—I do net know the numbers of any of my notes, my man knew where he took some of them, but he made inquiry and they did not know the numbers.





ELIZA BUTLER

re-examined. The prisoner used to have whiskers—the last time I saw them was two months ago—I never saw him without till I saw him at the statton—I had not seen him since the robbery—he was in the house on Friday night between eight and nine, and on Saturday morning—I did not observe anything about whiskers then sometimes twice a day, and sometimes twice a week.




GUILTY
.** Aged 42—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Edward Bullock, Esq.

