



392. 




CHARLES JOHNSON
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Jane Williams, on the 
17th of Dec, at 
St. Luke's, Chelsea, and stealing therein 1 spoon, value 2s., and 1 box-cover, 2s.; her goods: and that he had been before convicted of felony.






LYDIA KIRK
. I was residing in the house of Miss Jane Williams, No. 14, Blenheim-street, in the parish of St. Luke, Chelsea. On Sunday, the 17th of Dec, I left the house, about two o'clock, leaving no one in it—I fastened the windows and doors, and fastened the back door—I returned about half-past eight o'clock, and received information from Mr. Garbutt, and found him and his son, two policemen, and Mr. Wilson, out next door neighbour, in the house—I went into the back bed-room, on the first floor, where there was a travelling trunk, which I had left, with a cover over it—I found that cover removed—I saw scratches on the trunk, and saw the point of something which had been used, taken from underneath the hasp, by Bertram Garbutt—I had left the tea-spoons in the cupboard of the sideboard, in the back parlour—one had been removed—I found it on the opposide sideboard, with another which I had left there dirty.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Were you left in charge of the house? A. have an apartment in it—Miss Williams is out a great deal—the box was in the back bed-room—I had been in that room in the morning

to open the window—the room was not used, it was not kept shut up—the box was standing under the window—I did not observe it particularly—it always stood there, close to another large box—I had to lean on it to open the window—I could not get close to the window without leaning on it the tea-spoon was removed from where I had put it with the other, and where it was always kept—the other was as I had left it—it bad been wood, and a clean one had been placed with it—I fastened the back window myself with the snap in the middle, before I went out on Sunday morning—there is no shutter to it.





CHARLES GARBUTT
. I am a turner, and live next door to Miss Williams. On Sunday evening, the 17th of Dec., about half-past six o'clock, I went into my back garden, and on returning to go in doors, I observed a light in the prosecutrix's back room, first floor—I knew that, the house had been left with no one in. it, and after looking about for a minute or two, I saw two men close to the window—I endeavoured to discern their features—I did see one of them, it was the prisoner—after inserting them for two or three minutes, I went into my house, called my son, went into the street to No. 13, called Mr. Wilson, and test my son and him to the back of the house, through Mr. Wilson's house—after giving them sufficient time as I thought to secure the back, knocked at the front door of Mist Williams's house—I received no reply—after a short time I heard a cry of "Thieves" at the back—my son then came through Mr. Wilson's house, and told me they were endeavouring to escape by the back garden—I then west. down to the end of the houses, and sent my son to the end of King-street, where there was another outlet—in a minute or so I heard a cry of "Stop thief "—I ran, and found the prisoner in the custody of my son and the policeman—I did not see the other man.

Cross-examined. Q. You do not mean to say you saw the persons distinctly A. Yes, they had a light between them, and the prisoner's face must have been a few inches from the window—I believe it was a candle they had, but it was not held high enough for me to see whether it was a candle or lamp—I was between six and eight yards from the window—I think they were too busily engaged to see me—they were stooping down and getting upright, and two distinct times I saw the prisoner's face close to the glass, at least within a few inches—it was for a very short time, probably for half a minute, or not quite so much—that was all the opportunity I had of observing him—I had never seen him before to my knowledge.





BERTRAM GARBUTT
. I am the son of last witness. On Sunday evening, the 17th Dec, I was called by my father, and went with him to Mr. Wilson's—I then accompanied Mr. Wilson through his house, got on the wall, and saw two men standing just inside the back door of the prosecutrix's house—one had a candle—I cannot say which—I saw the prisoner's features—they blew out the candle, or extinguished it, in a short time, and both ran along the garden, jumped up on a closet at the end, and went over into one of the adjoining yards, along King-street—I hallooed, "Stop thief"—I returned through Mr. Wilson's house on seeing one escaping over the wall, at my father's request I went round into King-street, and there saw the prisoner in the act of getting over the wall—he jumped or came down from the wall—there is a passage into King-street through one of the houses—I think he observed me, for he made a thrust at me when he got to the end of the—I was waiting at the end for him—he could not have escaped that way except by passing me I jumped on one side to avoid his blow, and struck him dn the arm with a stick I had—he ran away, and I after him, crying out, "Police" all the time, and "Stop thief"—he partly turned round, and I struck him over the head with

my stick—I was close behind him—he ran away again, and stopped of his own accord in Manners-street—I there saw a constable—I defied him to proceed any further, and the constable came up, and took him into custody—when I came back I went into Miss Williams's house, and into the back room first floor—I saw the box there—the cover was lying on the bed—there were marks of endeavouring to open the lock—I examined it, and found a piece of steel underneath the hasp—I picked it out with a pen-knife, and gave it to the constable next morning.

Cross-examined. Q. The persons must have come out at the back door? A. Yes, I saw them come out—it was open when I saw them in the passage—it opens into the garden—I was on the wall—my attention was attracted by seeing a light at the back door—the front door was shut when I was there—I afterwards looked at the back door, and window—there were no marks of breaking that I saw—I looked pretty closely.





JAMES SHUTTLE WORTH
 (police-constable V 144.) On Sunday evening, the 17th of Dec, I was in Manners-street, and heard a cry of "Stop thief" and "Police"—I taw the prisoner running towards me, followed by Mr. Garhutt—he stopped of his own accord—I took him—he said, "What have I done?"—I said, "I don't know"—I took him to the station, searched him, and found on him this jemmy and an old knife—this jemmy is broken, and corresponds With this piece, which was given me by young Mr. Garbutt—I went into the house—I found no marks of entry—I saw scratches on the lock of the box—produce the spoon and cover.

Cross-examined. Q. You saw no marks any where? A. No—when saw the prisoner in the street, I had him in view possibly a minute—he was running very fast, and he stopped—he did not attempt to avoid me at all—, was at the opposite side of the street, at the corner, when he turned down Manners-street.





LYDIA KIRK

re-examined. This is the cover that was over the box, and this is the spoon that was removed—when I left the house, I took the key with me—on my return I found the front door shut as I had left it—I am quite certain I pressed it after me when I left—I went out about two o'clock—I went to chapel, and to a friend's to tea—the spoon is quite different from the rest—it is old and plain—there is no mark on it.





GEORGE CHAPMAN
. I am a servant out of place. I was formerly in the police V division of police, No. 131. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—I was present at the trial in 1841—he is the person—he was tried in the name of Joseph Thompson, for a plate robbery—(read.)

MR. W. W. COPE, Governor of Newgate. I know the prisoner perfectly well—he was in my custody at the time mentioned, and went to Guildford gaol for twelve months.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

