



1935. 




JOSEPH INGHAM, alias
 Walker

, was indicted

 for feloniously forging and uttering an order for the payment of 6l.; 12s., with intent to defraud William Miller Christie and others.—Other COUNTS, varying the manner of stating the charge.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES SAMUEL, JUN
. I carry on business with my father, a boot and shoe-maker, in East-road, City-road. On the 19th of July last, I saw the prisoner—I had seen him before on business—he asked me if my father was at home—I said, "No"—he said, "I want him to cash this check, I will give you the least one"—he had two in his hand—he showed me this one for 6l.; 12s., drawn by Mr. Whistler, and wanted me to cash it—I said, I dare say I could—he said he wanted another pair of boots, and he would leave 1l.; off the check to pay for the boots—I went up stairs, and met my father coming down—I spoke to him, and paid the prisoner a 5l. note and 12s.—he said he would call again on Wednesday week for the boots—I gave the check to my father—on the 1st of Aug. I heard the shop bell ring—I ran up directly, and saw my father and the prisoner—the prisoner asked me if the boots were done—I said, "No"—I walked towards him, and said, "Did you know that check you presented to me was a forged one?"—he said, "Good God, you don't mean that," and he turned round and said to my father in my presence, "I must go and get you the money, will you meet me in the morning?"—my father said no, he would not let him go, and told him he must give him into custody—at that time the policeman had come in, and he was given into custody.





JAMES SAMUEL
. The prisoner came to my shop the first time on the 4th of June—he had some dealings with me after that—on the 15th of June, I had this check for 3l.; 7s. of him—I kept it by me for a week—he did not give me any account of how he became possessed of it—I asked him where the Bank was, being a stranger—I took down the Directory, and when I was turning over the leaves he said it was in Princes-street—I closed the Directory, and put it back—I did not know his name at all—on the 1st of August he came again, and was given into custody.





JOHN LEWIS PATON
. I am one of the cashiers of the London Joint Stock Bank Company, Princes-street. Mr. William Miller Christie is one of the partners—there are others—Mr. John Whistler, of Laurence-lane, has an account at our blank—on the 21st of July, this check marked B was presented by the elder Mr. Samuel—I required an explanation of him—I stopped the payment of it as forged—the check for 3l.; 7s. had been paid previous to that—I was not the person that paid that.
----NUTTER. I am a clerk in the London Joint Stock Bank. It is our custom to issue checks to customers with a particular number on them—the number of this forged check is 15,992—this paper was brought to our banking-house on the 15th of June—I received it myself—I gave a book of blank checks to the person who brought it, with the number I have stated—I do not remember the person to whom I gave it.
----CRISFIELD (police-constable N 345.) On the 1st of Aug., I was called into Mr. Samuel's to take the prisoner in custody—I told him the charge—he said he knew nothing about it, other parties must be concerned—I took him to the station—he gave the name of Joseph Walker—I searched him, and found on him four checks on the London Joint Stock Bank.





JOHN WHISTLER
. I am in the woollen trade. My premises are in

Lawrence-lane, Cheapside. The prisoner was in my employ in the beginning of last May—he had the opportunity of knowing that I kept an account at the London Joint Stock Bank—I knew him by the name of Joseph Ingham—I never knew him by the name of Walker—this note is not my handwriting—I did not authorize it to be written by anybody—I know nothing of a book of blank checks being obtained for me on that day—this 6l.; 12s. check is not my writing, or written by my authority—this for 3l.; 7s. is not mine—the other four are not my writing—they all bear the same bankers' number in the corner—the prisoner was with me as a commission traveller, taking orders for me in town—he was in my counting-house about once a day.

The check was here read; the note was as follows:—"15th June, 1844.—To the London Joint Stock Bank Company. Please send by the bearer a check book, for J. Whistler, No. 31, Laurence-lane."




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


Before Mr. Justice Wightman.

