



629. 




FREDERICK PUPOSEY
 was indicted

 for stealing 2 pairs of shoes, value 4s. 6d.; and 2 boots, 12s.; the goods of 



John Perrett.






JOHN PERRETT
, boot and shoemaker, Paddington-street, Marylebone. On the morning of the 5th of Jan. I was at breakfast in my parlour, at the back of my shop—on turning my head, I saw the prisoner take these boots and shoes off my counter—he went out—I followed him to the door, and called, "Stop thief"—he was stopped just before he got to High-street—(he went along Paddington-street towards High-street)—I laid hold of him, and charged him with having taken my boots and shoes—he said he had not—I said I was certain I had seen him take them off the counter—I took him into my shop, and in a few minutes the constable came—I found the boots and shoes just outside the door—I am sure the prisoner was the person who took them—I lost sight of him going out of the door—I saw him again running very fast.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILDE. Q. Were there any other persons in your shop? A. No—there were marks on my shoes, which I know them by—I did not lose sight of the prisoner while I was following him—I followed him twenty or thirty yards—there was no turning.





JOHN FOX ALL
, hosier, Paddington-street. A little before nine o'clock, on the morning of the 4th of Jan., I was at my door, directly opposite the prosecutor's—I saw the prisoner coming out, with something under his coat—I heard the prosecutor shout loud—the prisoner had just got to the next house, and dropped a parcel of shoes in the doorway—I saw him stopped—the boots and shoes were picked up by a young woman, who took them into the shop—I am quite sure I saw him drop them.


Cross-examined. Q. Did you see any one else outside the shop? A. There was no one at the time—I had been standing there five minutes.





WILLIAM BLYTH
 (police-constable D 153.) I took the prisoner—he denied the charge.
(Properly produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY
.(†) Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

