




24. 




JOHN SUTHERLAND
 and 




PETER FREEGROVE
 were indicted for

burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Cowderoy, about one in the morning of the 
18th of Nov., at 
St. Ann, Westminster, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 crown, 1 half-crown, 4 shillings, 4 sixpences, 240 pence, and 1 franc, value 10d.; his monies.






JOHN COWDEROY
. I am a grocer, and live in Grafton-street, Soho, in the parish of St. Ann, Westminster; Sutherland had been occasionally in my employ for about two years, I have seen Freegrove in the neighbourhood. On the 19th of Nov. I was watching my house, from the front room of the Brown Bear, which is exactly opposite, and about a quarter to one o'clock in the morning, I perceived Sutherland enter my private door—I presume he got in with a latch-key—the door was on the latch when I left it, about ten, as I have lodgers—I should say, decidedly, it was not open before I saw him go in—he shut the door after him, apparently—I then went down to the street-door of the Brown Bear, and, in consequence of information from the landlady, I went into the street, and saw Sutherland, within about three paces of my private door—I seized him, and saw Freegrove within about five paces—I rather think he was standing still—I was disguised, and they did not seem to suspect it was me—they were taken to the station, and on Sutherland was found 1l. in copper, and 19s. 10d. in silver, including a bad crown-piece and bad sixpence, a franc, and other money—I had a bad crown and sixpence among my silver—I had marked some of the money myself the previous evening—the franc was marked—it was my money—the copper was tied in four separate papers, with my mark on them—I had left the silver in a drawer behind the counter, and the copper on the counter—I went into my house, and found the partition shutter between the shop and passage forced from its place—on Freegrove was found Sutherland's shoes, and Sutherland bad no shoes on nor stockings.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. The partition is in the passage? A. Yes it is, in shutters—I saw my son close them at night—I found one of them out of the groove—it was taken out, not broken—it was drawn back, sufficient to admit an arm—they could not get into the shop without removing

the shutter further—I have missed money many times before, and the shutter has always been put back—the lodgers have keys to the private door—I cannot say that no lodger had come out after I left, as I took a circuitous route before I went to the Brown Bear,





DAVID SHEEN
 (policeman.) I was on duty in Grafton-street on the morning of the 19th, and about one o'clock saw Freegrove come down towards Mr. Cowderoy's house, and turn into Litchfleld-street and King-street—he came back the reverse-way, towards the prosecutor's house—I followed him to King-street, and at the end of the street I heard him whistle, near Cowderoy's house—I returned to Grafton-street to meet him, but he went
towards Seven-dials, and got nearly out of sight—in ten minutes or a quarter of an hour I heard a call of "Police," and found Sutherland in Mr. Cowderoy's charge—I took him and searched him at the station, and found two packages of copper in one pocket, and a ludfer-box of matches, a knife, and a key which I found opened the prosecutor's door—I found nothing on Freegrove, but knew him to be the same person who whistled, and went round the prosecutor's house—I saw a pair of shoes found on him, and Sutherland had no shoes.

Freegrove. Q. How do you know me? A. Because I saw you pass and whistle—I saw your face—I am certain of you.





WILLIAM MORRISS
. I searched Freegrove, and found one shoe In each coat pocket—I asked him, in Sutherland's presence, whose shoes they were—he said, "They are his," pointing to Sutherland, who had none on—next morning Sutherland asked ma for the shoes, to walk to the police-court, saying they were his.
(James Reid, saddler, of Morrmonth-street; Thomas Welsh, of Earl-street; James Payne, Earl-street, Seven-dials; and John Dawson, Broad-street, gave Sutherland a good character.)

Freegrove. When Sutherland gave me the shoes he did not tell me what he was going to do; he asked me to mind them; I went to look after him, and he came out of the house.

SUTHERLAND—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—FREEGROVE—


GUILTY
. Aged 20. 



Transported for Ten Yeart.

