



1460. 




WILLIAM WILLCOX
 was indicted

 for stealing, at 
St. Botolple without Aldgate, 6 sovereigns, and I 10l. bank-note; the monies of 



Issac Beigent, in his dwelling-house.






RACHEL BAIGENT
. I am the wife of Issac Baigent, who keeps an eating and coffee-house, in East Smithfield, in the parish of St. Botolph, Aldgate—it is his dwelling-house. The prisoner had been lodging in the house six weeks when this happened—I went to bed with my husband on this Saturday night, about a quarter after ten o'clock, leaving the prisoner in a box in the shop—he was tipsy—about half-past two in the morning I was disturbed by the sound of the knife-box—the prisoner used to sleep on the first-floor; I slept above him—I came down stairs, listened, heard a rattling noise, and thought he was helping himself to a little food—there were knives in the knife-box—I went up to bed again, heard the same noise repeated, came down again, and listened a short time; that was about half-past three—I looked into the prisoner's room—the bed had not been occupied—I listened at the top of the stairs, and heard the grating of a key in the cupboard where my husband keeps his money—I called out, and asked who was there—the prisoner answered, "It is me," and said, "I am getting up, are you?"—I said, "No, I am surprised at your making such a noise on a Sunday morning"—it was half-past three o'clock—that was not the usual time to get up on a Sunday morning—I went down three stairs, and saw the prisoner's foot—he had his stocking on, but no boot—I ran up stairs, put on my gown, and went down—I called my husband—he dressed himself, and came down—I was down first—I searched for the prisoner, but could not find him—I went into the yard, and called out—the prisoner spoke from the water-closet in the yard, and said, "Yes, ma'am, I am here," opened the door, came out, and came into the house—I said, "You have stolen my husband's money from the cupboard, I heard the grating of the key in the cupboard"—I do not know what made me think it was gone—he said I might search him, if I liked—I said no, I would leave that for my husband and the police—he sat down on a chair by the fire-place—my

husband came down, opened the cupboard, and found the money was gone—I was present—there had been a 10l. note, and six sovereigns—it was safe that night—I went behind the counter, and saw the till—it was loose on the counter, and some papers and books strewed over the counter—I usually kept the key of the closet in a secret place under the till—it was gone—I told the prisoner it was missing, and also the key of my work-box, which I afterwards found in the grate in the back parlour, near where the prisoner sat down—it used to be kept on the top of the till near the other key—I never found the key of the closet.

Prisoner. Q. Was not I sleeping on the stairs? A. I cannot say.





ISAAC BAIGENT
. I am the husband of the last witness. On this Saturday night, about nine o'clock, I put a 10l. note, nine sovereigns, and one half-sovereign in the cupboard, locked it, put the key in my pocket, and went to bed—there were two keys, my wife had one, which was kept in a recess near the till, but I was not aware of that—I kept my own key in my pocket—a little before five o'clock in the morning my wife called me—I went down, and missed a 10l. note and six sovereigns from the closet—there was 3l. 10s. in gold left—when the prisoner came in he had no shoes on—he sat down; I said, "Wilcox, this is a bad job; my house has been robbed, and no other person could have done it but you"—he said he would challenge me and my wife to search him—I said that was not my duty, and called in a policeman.





JAMES KEARNEY
 (policeman.) On Sunday morning, the 13th of June, about half-past five o'clock, I was called in by Mr. Baigent—the prisoner was sitting on a chair in the parlour, near the fire-place—Mr. Baigent said, "I suspect you of taking my money Wilcox, and shall take you into cus-tody"—he said, "No, I have not"—I brought him into the back kitchen, went into the water—closet, but found nothing—I afterwards searched the prisoner, and found on him a sovereign, six pennyworth of copper, eight duplicates, and two keys—some one of the family came, and said the 10l. note was found—the prisoner then said, "You will find the key and the sovereigns close there. "





CORNELIUS FOAY
 (police-sergeant.) I went to Mr. Baigent's house and found Kearney and the prisoner there—I searched the premises, and found a 10l. note, folded up very neatly behind the door of the water-closet, sticking on some canvass, which was placed over the window instead of glass—I searched the parlour, and found this key of the work-box in the fire-place—the other key has not been found—I found no gold—after I found the nots I called out to search him strictly.

Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent; I came home tipsy, went to sleep, and never awoke till the morning; when I awoke I found a glass of gin by me; I drank it, and then wanted some water; I found a jug there, drank some of it, and found that that was gin too; and then, when I went to look for my boots, Mr. Baigent called to me; I went into the yard; she came and accused me; I told the policeman I had 1l. 2s.; I did not exactly know what I had; there was 1l. 0s. 6d. found on me, which had been paid me from my vessel; this is a trap laid for me; Mr. Baigent has a niece, a servant in the house; a man comes to see her.

MRS. BAIGENT
re-examined. When I went to bed there was no one in the house but the prisoner, my husband, my niece, and my four children, the eldest of whom is fourteen years old—the children were gone to bed when I went to bed—my niece is nineteen years old—she was not up then—she slept with my eldest daughter—there is a man comes to the house who lodges there, but he was not there that night.


JURY. Q. Who locked the door that night? A. I did—I did not leave it on the latch—I double-bolted it—the other man who lives in the house could not have got in—I am sure he was not in the house at all—the prisoner has a key with which he can let himself in—the prisoner keeps it, and can come in if he thinks proper—the cupboard the money was in, was in an apartment he could come into if he came in—I went to the front door in the morning to unlock it, and found it double locked, as it shuts of itself, and then locked again—I saw no one else come out of the water-closet.





JAMES KEARNEY

re-examined. I have not got the key with me—it is a very good key—it is a draw-back lock—it is a large key—you must lock it twice, to make it strong—if the parties go to bed I can get in with the key which they leave me.





ISAAC BAIGENT

re-examined. This is the key of my closet—it is not a common one—it is a tumbler-lock—there might be another key that would open the same house.




GUILTY. Aged 40.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.—




Transporied for Seven Years.


