



212. 




WILLIAM BURGESS
 was indicted

 for feloniously uttering a forged transfer of a certain share and interest, viz., 6,305l.; 3s. 5d. in the 3 per Cent. Annuities, standing in the name of 



William Oxenford, with in­ tent to defraud the Governor and Company of the Bank of England: 2nd COUNT, stating his intent to be to defraud 



William Oxenford: 3rd Count, with intent to defraud 



George Shum Storey and others.






THE HON. J. STUART WORTLEY

with
MESSRS. ADOLPHUS
and
CLARKSON, conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM SMEE
, Esq. I am the chief accountant at the Bank of England. I produce a copy of the account of William Oxenford, taken from the Bank ledger, which is a public authentic book, kept at the Bank of England—I have examined it with the ledger, and it is a true copy.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Is it your handwriting? A. It is not—I believe it is the writing of a clerk named Beaton—I compared it with the book, I think, the day before yesterday—I did it alone, looking first at the paper and then at the book—Beaton was not assisting me in the comparison—I so carefully examined it that I can swear that it is accurate in every respect.
(This account being referred to stated, that William Oxenford was possessed of the sum of 9,800l. Three per Cents., and that 6,305l.; 3s. 5d. of the same had been transferred to G. S. Storey and others, and 1,894l.; 16s. 7d. to H. Mortimer.)

COURT. Q. This means that Mr. Oxenford was entitled to those sums of stock? A. On the credit side you will find he is credited for 10,000l., and on the debit side, in the early part of April last, he was debited 200l., leaving a balance of 9,800l.—the two subsequent sums are the sums in question—this is from the ledger of the Consols.


MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Was the prisoner employed in the bank in September last? A. He was—his duty was such as to give him access to all the ledgers in the Transfer-office; and were he to go to any particular ledger, no question would be asked him, conceiving it was his duty to do so—he was employed in the Power of Attorney office—he would know the whole course of business, and could furnish himself with whatever particulars he wanted.

Q. Did he at any time apply to you for leave of absence? A. He did—I am not certain whether it was on Saturday, the 31st of Aug., or Monday, the 2nd of Sept.—the probability is that it was on Monday, the 2nd of Sept.—he asked leave from the 3rd of Sept. to the 5th, which he had given him—he did not return at the end of his leave.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. How long you have been in the employment of the bank? A. Forty-three years—the Three per Cent. Consol office is a separate room to the Power of Attorney office, in which the prisoner's business was performed—it is not in a separate part of the building, it is contiguous—it may he said to be a separate office, though intimately connected with the Transfer-office—he had a duty to perform in the Consol-officein going to put limitations on Power of Attorney, and for various other inquiries that he clerks in the office may call on him for.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Do you mean that these offices are separate buildings, or only separate rooms? A. Merely separate rooms—there is a door separating the Transfer-office from the Power of Attorney office, just as you go from a front to a back parlour—you merely walk from one room into the other—he hade access to the Consol books in every way whatever.

COURT. Q. His duty was with reference to powers of attorney generally for every species of stock, I suppose? A. Yes—in order to enable him to perform his duty with reference to the preparations of proper power of attorney, he would have access to the books, showing the different state of accounts, as well as the Consols—he would go into the Consol-office, take up the ledger, and open it, and no question would be asked, the clerks considering it part and parcel of his duty—if he was instructed to prepare a power of attorney for 1000l. for A. B., part of a sum of 2000l., he would have authority to examine the books, in order to see if A. B. was entitled to such a sum.





WILLIAM OXENFORD
 I live in John-street, Bedford-row—I was formerly in the Custom-house for many years. In September last I had a sum of 9,800l. in the Consols—I never transferred, or consented to the transfer of any part of that money—I never signed any paper or power what ever to any person to do so—I never saw the prisoner in my life till I saw him at the Mansion-house—I never knew a person named Joseph Elder—this signature of "William Oxenford" in this transfer-book (looking at it) is not my writing—I can see, with out my spectales, that it is a forgery—I never empowered anybody to write that for me.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you accepted this stock? A. I do not know—I may have done such a thing—I left it to my broker, who is a most respectable man—I have always been in the habit of receiving my dividends personally—the Bank books would have a great many signatures in my handwriting.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. There are two transfer-books signed "William Oxenford," are there not? A. Yes—neither of them are my writing.


COURT
to
MR. SMEE. Q. Is it a very common thing for persons to have stock transferred to them without accepting it? A. Exceedingly common—I should think nine persons out of ten do not accept.





RICHARD BORD
. I am a clerk in the Consol-office in the Bank, on the 3rd of Sept. I received from Mr. Sutton, a clerk in the same office, two tickets—(looking at them)—these are them—I received them from him for the purpose of effecting a transfer—they are usually deposited in a box, and we take them out as we are going on entering—these came into my possession from Mr. Sutton—he was somewhere about the Transferoffice passing over tickets—I saw the prisoner in the Transfer-office at that time—I am uncertain whether I received the tickets from the hand of Mr. Sutton, or whether I may have taken them from the box, but they came direct from him—I received them in the Transfer-office—I am employed in the Transfer-office—the prisoner was not in the office at that time—he made his appearance a few minutes afterwards—I happened to have the number of tickets in my hand when he came up—there were several other clerks assisting there, and he came up and inquired who entered stock for the name of Oxenford—I replied that I did—I had these tickets then in my hand—he then asked me if I would oblige him by entering them directly, as Mr. Oxenford was waiting—I therefore proceeded to enter them in the Transfer-book—whilst he was waiting I asked him if he knew Mr. Oxenford, having known the name many years ago, before I was in the Bank—he replied that he did—he was an old friend of his—I said, "He must be getting an old man now"—he said he was—when I had completed it I said, "Where is Mr. Oxenford?"—he said he was outside minding the horse—that he (meaning himself) had got an early off that day, and they were going down to Gravesend together—I supposed by that that he had done his business for the day, and had leave to go away early—he then went out to fetch Mr. Oxenford, and shortly returned with a gentleman, and asked me for the book—he then asked, "What gentleman will see it?"—it is the custom that one clerk should witness the transfer, and that another person, in attendance with the party transferring, should witness his identity—it must be some person known to the Bank—the prisoner took the book and took it to Mr. Ingall, another clerk, who was close by, sitting in the same office—at the same time I heard him say to the person who had come into the office, "Come along, Willey," or some such expression as that, "it is all ready"—I saw him and the other person come up together—I did not myself witness the act of the transfer of this stock—I did not see the signature—I after wards accompanied John Forrester, the officer, to the United States—we left London on the 18th of Sept.—we ultimately went to Boston, and found Elder in Federal-street, No. 51 (we had been to a variety of other places first)—it was on a Thursday, about the end of Oct.—he was passing by the name of Ellis—I recognised him as the man who had come into the Bank with the prisoner, after his going out to fetch Oxenford, who he said was minding the horse—I told Forrester that he was the man—Forrester took him by the coat and said, "Your name is Joseph Elder, and you are lately from London"—he was afterwards committed to prison, and I heard afterwards that he had destroyed himself—I went with Forrester to Nahant where the prisoner escaped from, but did not go up to Brewster's Island.


Cross-examined. Q. You were not examined before the Magistrate at all, I believe? A. No.





JAMES SUTTON
. I am a clerk in the Consol-office. I compared these two transfer tickets with the account of William Oxenford, and afterwards delivered them to Mr. Bord to enter in the transfer, in the Bank books—that means filling up the printed forms for the purpose of transferring the Stock, according to the tickets taken from the box.

Cross-examined. Q. You were not examined before the Magistrate? A. No.





THOMAS INGALL
. I am a clerk in the Consol-office. I was in the Consol Transfer-office on Tuesday, the 3rd of Sept., and remember seeing the prisoner there—when I first saw him he was a few feet from me, on the public side of the counter—there was a person with him—I knew the prisoner well, but not the other person—the prisoner called my attention by saying, "Perhaps, Mr. Ingall, you will see this?* (meaning, that I would perhaps witness the transfers)—he bad the transfer receipts in his hand—the book was on the counter—I took the receipts from him—I have no recollection of answering him—the person he had brought with him then signed these transfers "William Oxenford"—my place at the counter was about six or seven feet from where Mr. Bord stood.

Q. How was the book transferred from Mr. Bord to you? A. So far as I recollect, the prisoner merely brought the book a little nearer to me, but did not come immediately opposite to me—he brought the book from Mr. Bord, and I think he brought it forward, and placed it in the position in which it was signed by Elder—the prisoner, in the meantime, or immedi­ ately after, read to me the amount transferred, from this book, and the names into which the amount was going, and I checked him on the stock receipt or tickets which I had in my hand at the time—these are the tickets that I had in my hand at the time—my signatures are to them—the amount transferred is, (reading,) "6305l.; 3s. 5d., to George Shum Storey, John Petty Musprat, William Cotton, and Matthew Whiting"—I found that cor­ responded with one of the receipts I had in my hand—nothing had passed between me and the prisoner, before this, as to who the person was that he brought—after the person had signed the transfer, the prisoner wrote in "William Oxenford," and his own name at the back, as the witness to the identity of William Oxenford, the person making the transfer—this is it—"Witness to the identity of W. Oxenford, W. Burgess, Bank"—the words "Witness to the identity" are in print; the name "W. Oxenford" was written in ink by the prisoner, and then he signed his own-name, describ­ ing himself as of the Bank—when he had signed his name, the book was turned round by the prisoner to me, to examine the transfer, to see that it had the signature of William Oxenford, that he was properly identified, and that the witness to the identity was named there—I signed it as the attesting witness—I then handed the prisoner the receipts, of which this is one, and he walked away—I had previously signed my name to it—I do not recollect whether the receipt was signed before it was placed in my hand, nor do I recollect seeing Elder sign it—it was signed as it now ap­ pears when it was in my hand, with the exception of my own signature—I put my signature to it at the time the prisoner read the amount from the transfer-book, and I checked it on the receipt—that receipt was handed by me to the prisoner—it had been signed by Elder, in the name of Oxenford,

before it was put into my hand—I do not recollect seeing it signed by Elder—Elder went out with the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. I understand you to say that you do not remember seeing this receipt signed by anybody? A. I do not—I have witnessed the signature of the party—it is constantly the case that receipts are brought and not signed in our presence—it is frequently the practice for brokers to come with persons who are about to transfer, with the receipts already signed at their office—they acknowledge it as their receipts, of course—this was passed over to me, and I assumed it to be right, and put my name to it as the witness—I was not noticing this transaction from the time the application was made to Mr. Bord—Mr. Bord was about six or seven feet from me—he was not the very next person attending to business; there was one between us at the counter at the time, Mr. Tomkins—these books lie on the counter in the office, and are pushed along from one to the other as they are required—the book would be presented towards the public side of the counter for the transfer to be executed—I have a very considerable number of these transactions in the course of a day, at times—I do not generally keep hold of a corner of the book while the party is signing, and then draw it back to its right position opposite myself—I have very rarely held the book while a party is signing it—as soon as it is signed, I quite as often draw it back as the party pushes it back—I certainly do not watch the party, to see, more than is necessary for the transaction of the particular business—the book is either draws back by ourselves, or returned by the broker.

Q. At this distance of time I suppose you cannot say in which way this particular transaction was done? A. As far as my recollection serves me, Burgess turned the book round—I think I can be positive of it—to the best of my recollection he did so—I will swear positively that he did so—there was nothing remarkable in this transaction to call my attention to it—I cannot tell how many transfers took place in our office that day, because I am not engaged in the whole of them—I cannot tell how many I was engaged in—I should imagine there must have been a good many after this on that day, because it was a heavy day with us—it is impos­ sible to say whether the transfers appear in the book in the order in which they were-made in the office, except with regard to these two—I do not find one just before or after it in which I have been the attesting witness—whatever 1 attend to I put my name to—I do not see any other in this book that day which I put my name to—I see no other in this book except these two transfers of William Oxenford—there appears to have been six other transfers that day—it does not appear by these entries that I witnessed any except those of Oxenford—there are other books in which I probably witnessed on that day—without looking at the books I cannot say whether I did or not, but the probability is that I did—I do not positively remember—to the best of my belief I should say I did.

Q. Can you remember, in any one instance that occurred that day, whether the party coming pushed the book to you, or you drew it back, with the single exception of this transaction? A. I cannot, nor on the day before, nor the day after.

Q. Will you explain, then, what there was peculiar about this transac­ tion to enable you to swear with any degree of positiveness as to how the book was treated on the occasion of this particular transfer? A. The thing came to light in a few days after; and I endeavoured, as well as I

possibly could, to bring to my mind all the circumstances that had taken place—I was examined before the Magistrate.

Q. Is this the first time you have stated that fact of the prisoner's pushing the book? A. I do not recollect whether I was asked the ques­ tion before—I cannot positively recollect whether this is the first time I have stated that the book was handed or pushed to me by the prisoner—I think it is.





HON. STUART WORTHLEY
. Q. Is the attesting witness to the identity generally the broker? A. Yes; I have frequently seen a clerk of the Bank an identifying witness—I knew the prisoner's person, but had no acquaintance with him beyond knowing him in the establishment—I think my attention was called to this transaction on the Monday after, the 3rd of Sept—the facts were fresh in my recollection at that time.





THOMAS TOKELEY
. I am a stock-jobber, and have been so for nearly forty years. I know the prisoner, by his entering my tickets in the Three and a Half Reduced—I know nothing more of him than as a Bank clerk—he called on me when I was standing in the Bank, at the latter part of Aug., and said that he had a friend who wanted to raise 8000l., and he had 8200l., stock—I do not think a word passed beyond that—I had no further conversation with him at that time—he left me immediately—on Tuesday, the 3rd of Sept., I saw him in the street, at the foot of the Bank steps—he brought me a ticket, filled up in the regular way, for the purpose of the sale of 8200l. stock—it was a ticket of this sort, the ordinary transfer ticket that is used at the Bank—I did not notice what name it was in—I noticed the amount in figures—I immediately passed it to Clement Smith, who is a stock-jobber, and we agreed as to the purchase, at, I think, at 98 7-8ths, the price of the day—I calculated the amount that would be in money—it was 8107l.; 15s.—I afterwards received from Mr. Smith, in the course of the day, two receipts—this is one of them—it was not then signed—I gave them to the prisoner, to go into the Consol-office, to make the transfer—I believe at the time I gave him the receipts I was standing at the bottom of the Bank steps, in Bartholomew-lane—there was a crowd of persons about there—I do not know that any party was in his company—he took the receipts from me—when he came back from the Transfer-office he brought me the same two receipts—I was then standing on the Bank steps—they were then regularly signed and witnessed by the clerk—I believe at that time he had a friend with him, but I never spoke to him—I saw a person with him—nothing passed—the prisoner gave me the receipts, and I passed them to Henry Smith, the son of Clement Smith, to go and fetch me the money—the prisoner told me he would wait at the Auction-mart Coffee­ house for the money—I afterwards received this check (looking at it) for 8,000l.; from Clement Smith, also a 100l.; note, a 5l.; note, and 2l.; 15s. in cash—I took them to the Auction-mart Coffee-room—I there found the prisoner sitting down with the same man that was with him when he brought me the receipts—I put the money on the table before them—his friend took up the 8,000l. check, and the prisoner took the cash and the Bank notes—he never told me who the other person was—I had no conversation with him whatever.

Cross-examined. Q. As far as anything appeared to you, it seemed a regular transaction? A. I had no reason to doubt it at the time—there was nothing unusual in it, or in the mode of conducting it—I had no reason to suppose there was anything unusual at the time.






CLEMENT SMITH
. I am a stock-broker and jobber. Mr. Tokeley applied to me, on the 3rd of Sept., to purchase of him 8200l. stock, Three per Cent. Consols—I was to give 8107l. 15s. of it—the transfer ticket was made, and the thing done all regularly—the name of William Oxenford was on the ticket, as the party making the transfer, and he was described as of the custom-house—I had not the money at that moment, and applied to Mr. Mortimer—I had one ticket given to me in the first instance by Mr. Tokeley for 8200l.—Mr. Mortimer afterwards gave me one sum of 6305l. 3s. 5d., and the balance was to go in his own name, and my clerk, by my instructions, wrote these tickets—I made it into two sums, one of 6305l. 3s. 5d., to George Shum Storey, John Petty Muspratt, William Cotton, and Matthew Whiting, all of the Pelican-office, Lombard-Street, and the balance 1894l. 16s. 7d. in Mr. Mortimer's Own name—I do not Know what became of the original transfer ticket for the 8200l.—we had no occasion to keep it, and it must have been destroyed—I cannot say that I did destroy it—I have looked for it—it has given me a deal of trouble—it is not a document that I am in the habit of keeping—I know the prisoner—I went to the power of Attorney-office to inquire if he was there on Tuesday morning, the 3rd of sept., after Mr. Tokeley had spoken to me about the business—I should think it was about a quarter to elevan o'clock—I heard he was not there, and was not likely to be there—this is the check by which the purchase of the stock was made—gave it to Mr. Tokeley, and afterwards gave him a 100l. note, a 5l. note, and 2l. 15s. in cash, the balance of the money.
Charles Chatham Lawrence. I am one of the cashiers at the banking-house of Sir John Lubbock and Co. On Tuesday, the 3rd of Sept. last, about twenty minutes before two o'clock, this check for 8000l. was brought to me by two persons; the prisoner was one, the other was a person of about forty-five or fifty years of age—the prisoner had a carpetbag, on which he was leaning on the counter—it appeared to me to be empty—we always ask the name of parties presenting checks—I did so on this occasion, and the name of "Oxenford" was given—it was the prisoner's companion who presented the check to me, and who gave that name—I asked how he would like it, and he replied, "Part or all in gold "—I said, "If you want part or all in gold, you had better have large notes, and get the whole of it at the Bank of England"—I eventually gave them eight notes of 1000l. each—I put them into the hands of the person who accompanied the prisoner, in his presence—these eight cancelled notes are the notes I paid on that occasion—(these were Nos. 22201, to No. 22208, all dated 13th May, 1844)—the prisoner's companion counted over the notes in his presence, and before he left the counter, I saw him write something in the corner of the notes, in the prisoner's presence—I did not see what he wrote—to the best of my recollection, it was his companion who counted the notes and wrote in the corner of them—(looking at a carpet-bag produced)—the bag on which I saw the prisoner leaning was such a one as this; that was the prevailing colour and pattern of the bag—I do not speak to its identity, but it was that sort of colour and pattern—the prisoner's companion was a man I should judge about my own height, about 5ft. 9in.; but being on the other side of the counter, I could not exactly judge of his height; he had a ruddy complexion, and was a well-looking man—I did not observe particularly whether he was stout or thin.






WILLIAM HIGMAN
. I am one of the superintendents of the issue department of the Bank. On the 3rd of Sept. last, about two o'clock in the afternoon, a man presented eight 1000l. notes at my counter for cash—it is necessary, according to the practice of the Bank, to have the name and address of the party presenting notes for payment—when these notes were handed to me, there was some writing in the comer which I could not decipher, and I asked the party presenting them his name—he said, "Oxenford"—I observed that there was only "Brixton" put as the address—in consequence of that I put a question to him, gave him the pen, and requested him to write—he wrote "Vassal-road" on them—after being inspected by the inspectors, they were handed to Mr. Ager, one of the tellers—I gave him the order for the gold, and Mr. Ager got it—I saw Dean, the porter, bring 10,000l. into the office, in bags of 1000l. each—I did not see the bags given to the party, as my duty took me to another part of the office—I afterwards saw the man emptying the gold from our 1000l. bags into two canvas bags, which he put into a large carpet-bag that he had in his hand—it was such a bag as the one produced, about that sixe and description—I cannot say that I saw him attempt to lift it—I after wards saw Aston and Dean, two Bank porters, each with a bag on his shoulders, go out of the hall—they were the two canvas bags that the man had brought with him—I did not see him put the two canvas bags into the carpet-bag—I saw him with the two canvas bags—I have heard Mr. Lawrence's description of the party who presented the notes to me—it is quite correct—he was a stout ruddy man, about forty-five yean of age—I can speak to the first of these notes (looking at it) being one that I cashed on that occasion—I saw him put "Vassal-road" on it.





THOMAS AGER
. I am teller in the Issue Department of the Bank. On the 3rd of Sept., between one and two o'clock, I received directions from Higman to get some gold—it was near two o'clock—I accordingly got 10,000l. in gold—I assisted Dean, the porter—it was in separate bags of 1,000l. each—I brought them from the Treasury, and desired Dean to give the person I believe to be Elder, eight of the bags—I saw eight bags put on the counter, and saw a person there who, I believe, had presented the notes—that person took them away—he had a carpet-bag, and two canvas bags—the canvas bags were on the counter—the carpet-bag answered the description of the one produced—he put them into the canvas-bags, and then into the carpet-bag, but both the canvas bags were taken out and carried away by two porters—I delivered the gold in the Issue Department, which is in the hall—there is a passage through the hall—on crossing the hall you get to the out-teller's office—between the hall and the out-teller's office there is a passage which is darker than the rest of the Bank—the drawing produced (looking at it) is a correct plan of that part—I should think that a person standing where this blue mark is, could see me place the gold on the counter—this pink mark is where 1 was standing—a person standing at the blue spot could see me pay the money, and if he was familiar with the Bank, he could leave the building without passing through the hall.





MATTHEW GIBBINS
. I am a bookseller and stationer, and deal in patent blacking. On the 3rd of Sept. I had occasion to go to see a gentleman at the Bank, on business—I had passed through the hall—when I got to the out-teller's office, it wanted four minutes to two o'clock—I observed that by the clock, as I had made an appointment to be there at two—I passed through the passage which runs outside the out-teller's office, and saw a

person there who was always represented to me as Mr. Burgess—I believe it to be the prisoner—he was standing, looking towards the hall—I have seen this plan—he was standing at this blue spot, or perhaps within afoot or two of it—he was on the right hand side of the passage—I have been to this place since, and looked towards the hall, and found a person might see what passed at the part marked pink, which is the second desk—the hall is very light, but this passage is darker—I said to him, "How do you do, Sir," and believe I said, "Burgess," but he did not answer—I left him there.

Cross-examined. Q. You were not examined before the Magistrate? A. No.





WILLIAM BEST EDE
. I am a clerk in the Sorting Department it the Bank. On the 3rd of Sept. 1 received from the witness eight 1000l. banknotes, and signed my name for they—they were Nos. 22201 to 22208 inclusive.





LEONARD DEAN
. I am porter at the Bank, and remember this occurrence on the 3rd of Sept., when 10,000 sovereigns were brought into the teller's office—I laid eight bags of 1000 each on the counter myself for the gentleman to receive—he emptied those eight bags into two larger bags which he brought with him, and put those two larger bags into a carpet-bag—I was afterwards called in with Aston, and assisted him in carrying the bags to the outside the Bank—there was a dark green open carriage, like a phaeton, outside the Bank, drawn by one horse—I put the bag into the bottom of the carriage—I had a very slight knowledge of the prisoner—there was a driver on the box of the carriage—I did not notice him sufficiently to say whether it was the prisoner—the carpet-bag was like the one produced,





JOHN RAY
. I am a clerk in the Power of Attorney-office, and know the prisoner. On Tuesday, the 3rd of Sept., I saw him in the middle of the day—I cannot tell the hour, but I met him in a phaeton, near Birchin-lane—it was a one-horse carriage, and the prisoner was driving—it was a dark-green coloured carriage—he was turning out of Cornhill into Birchin-lane—there was a person in the carriage, older than the prisoner, about forty-five years of age, of a ruddy complexion, and stout—I did not know Elder—they went down Birchin-lane, away from the Bank, towards the river.





SOPHIA COHEN
. I am married, and live with my father, Mr. Soloman, in Vinegar-yard—he keeps a general dealer's shop. On Monday, the 2nd of Sept., I remember the prisoner coming to our shop—I was present—my brother, who is since dead, served him—he asked for a portmanteau—there was one at the time standing at the door—he asked to see it down, and when it was shown to him he asked to have it blackened over—my brother undertook to have it done—he asked if he could have three bags made to fit the bottom of it—they were to be made very strong indeed, and of brown holland—he said they were to be sent to Mr. Caunt's public-house, at the corner of St. Martin's-lane, the Coach and Horses—my brother asked for a deposit—I did not hear what the prisoner said in reply—it was after that he said it was to be sent to Caunt's, and Caunt would pay for it—the portmanteau was blackened—I think it was about three o'clock, and it was sent home between four and five, the same evening—(looking at a portmanteau)—I believe this to be the same—it has got white edges inside, as the outside was blackened—it had been white—this is the same portmanteau.






THOMAS PASTILL
. I am a boot and shoemaker, and live in George-street, Portman-square. I knew a person named Joseph Elder for three or four years—I did not know his business—I believe he was a dealer in horses—I know the prisoner—I first became acquainted with him about the same time as Elder—they went to the same house as I was in the habit of using—I first met the prisoner at Mr. Warren's, the George Townsend public-house, Oxford-street—Elder, I believe, lodged there—I knew but little of the prisoner till September, 1843, when I met him at Margate—he was then in company with Elder—I had seen him previously at the George Townsend in company with Elder—about three or four months after I came from Margate, Elder and the prisoner called at my house one evening—Elder asked if I knew any one who could accommodate the pri­ soner with board and lodging, or if I could myself—I said I did not know any one, and had not room myself, but if I had a vacancy I would let him know—in July last I had a vacancy, and left a letter at hit lodgings—he afterwards came to lodge at my house in July—I had seen him and Elder together at other places after they applied about the lodg­ ing—after the prisoner came to lodge at my house, Elder called to see him several times—I remember Sunday the 1st of Sept.—I saw Elder there about a quarter to one o'clock in the day—the prisoner and Elder were sitting just within my shop door—as soon as I opened my parlour door, and went into the parlour from the passage, they rose up and said, "Let us go up stairs"—the shop door was open, and they were sitting in the shop—it is a back shop door, leadsing into the parlour—Burgess's lodging was up stairs—they remained up stairs about a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes—I rung the bell for Burgess to come down to dinner—he knew what the bell meant—they both came down together—Elder was going away—I asked him to stop dinner, which he did—after dinner I laid down on the sofa, and while lying there I heard the prisoner mention the word "power of attorney"—Elder said, "How is it to be done?"—Burgess replied, "It is like placing two boxes on this table, take it out of one, you put it into the other"—there was then some conversation which I did not hear—the next I heard was Elder say, "Is it to be Tuesday or Wednesday?"—Burgess replied, "I do not know, I will tell you to-morrow"—Elder then said to Burgess, "What clothes do you mean to travel in, for I have got no great coat?"—Burgess replied, "No more have I"—Elder said, "I shall wear my loose one" (I had seen him wear a loose coat)—Burgess replied, "I shall wear this over my black one"—he had a loose coat on at the time, a kind of wrapper, which he used to wear—I went out at about half-past three o'clock in the afternoon, and left Elder there—while I knew him he went by the name of Joseph Elder—the prisoner knew him by that name—I returned to my house about ten o'clock at night, and found the prisoner there, but did not see Elder—on the Monday, Elder was at my house three times—he called a fourth time, but I did not see him then—he called first about twelve in the day for a bird that Burgess had, but did not take it then—Burgess was not there—he came a second time for the bird, und took it away—he came a third time, in about ten minutes—he had left his umbrella, and returned for it—I saw him and Burgess together that day at the George Townsend in Oxford-street, about ten o'clock at night—I did not hear anything pass between them—Burgess was sitting by my side—Elder

came to the door and beckoned him out—he went out, they returned in about twenty minutes together, and remained together about an hour—Burgess left with me and went home—I did not see Elder the next day—while the prisoner lived with me I had some money to put in the funds, and got him to bring me home the price of stock—he once told me he had 2000l. in the Bank—he borrowed 2l. of me about a week after he came to lodge with me, and on the 2nd of Sept. he borrowed a sovereign—he went out in the morning of the 3rd of Sept.—he was gone out when I came down stairs—I saw him again a little before nine o'clock—I had been out, and found him in the parlour at breakfast—he went out about half-past nine or ten o'clock, and came in again about half-past three o'clock in the afternoon—he then had a coat on similar to the one he has now, and a blue handkerchief round his neck—he walked to my house—I saw no carriage whatever, but when he went out in the morning he had a drivingwhip in his hand—when he came in the afternoon he paid me 7l. in gold, which he owed me—they appeared new sovereigns—he left between half-past three and half-past four o'clock, I believe—I never saw him again till he was at the Mansion-house—when he left my house, he said he should be back that night, he should not be late—he had three sovereigns in his hand—he showed them to me, and said, "This is all I have got, 1 shall not be late."

Q. He said once that he had 2000l.? A. Yes; that was when I asked him the price of stock—I think it was in Aug.—he said he was going to sell out some money—that was on Sunday, the 1st of Sept., when I came home—he said he had no money, and should get some next week, that his friend George was going to sell out, and he would let him have some—I should say Elder was about fifty years of age, about five feet six inches, rather stout, with rather grey hair and whiskers.

Cross-examined. Q. You were not examined before the Magistrate? A. No—I first heard of this forgery on Monday, the 9th of Sept.—I communicated this to Forrester that afternoon—I was before the Lord Mayor, but not examined.





JAMES WILKINSON
. I am a stable-keeper at Portman-mews, Portman street, Portman-square—I let out carriages. On Monday, the 2nd of Sept., between seven and eight o'clock in the evening I think, the prisoner applied to me for a horse and phaeton, or a cart, or anything I could let him have, as he wanted to do a little business in the City—I had seen him about there before—he mentioned a fishmonger in George-street, who came with him as knowing him—I had not known him long—he had a gig of me some time before that—he went away in the morning by himself, in the phaetorn—I saw Elder at the corner of the street at the time—I had known Elder some time—he had recommended me to Elder for a character when he hired the gig.—Elder was between forty and fifty, rather nearer forty—Burgess started in the phaeton by himself; but when he got to the top of the mews, Elder walked towards him in Portman-street—he walked across the square to him—I did not see him get into the phaeton—he apparently got into it; but I could not see so well, as I was round the corner; but Burgess turned round towards where Elder was, and pulled up, as if for him to get in—he said he was going to do a little business in the City, and bring something in the phaeton—he wanted something with plenty of room in it, something strong—that he should be some hours absent—the phaeton came back, but I was not present.






JOHN WARREN
. I keep the General Townsend, in Oxford-street; it it also called the George Townsend—Joseph Elder lodged at my house for three years, till Sept. last—the prisoner was in the habit of visiting him—towards the last two or three months previous to Sept., his visits be­ came rather more frequent—he sometimes came to Elder before he was up in the morning, and went into his bed-room—I remember Elder coming in on the 3rd of Sept., about three o'clock in the afternoon, and taking leave of me—he shook hands with me, said he was obliged to me for all favors, that he was going out of town, and he might be gone a fortnight or six weeks—about two hours after that, I was in the passage of my house, and saw Elder there—it was about five o'clock—he was in front of the bar—that was the last time I saw him.





WILLIAM DRAKE
. I have been a groom, employed at the stables in Portman-mews. On Tuesday, the 3rd of Sept., between two and three o'clock, I was at the corner of Portman-street and Oxford-street—I saw a one-horse open phaeton coming up Oxford-street from the City, and come to the corner of Portman-street—the prisoner was driving it—he asked if I could go along with him—he said he wanted some one to bring his horse and chaise back to Mr. Wilkinson's—I went with him to George-street, and several places—he brought a parcel out of George-street, put it into the bottom of the carriage, then drove back to Portman-mews, to Leonard's, the Three-tuns, Portman-mews; he then went to Shackell's-in Bryanston-street; then went into a public-house, and came out with a soldier—he went into different houses, leaving me to take care of the horse—there was a large pareel in the phaeton, wrapped up in a coat, and a earpet-bag full, and two parcels, which he brought from Shackell's; it was two bundles of clean linen—I went with him to Caunt's, in St. Martin's-lane—he had the soldier on the box with him then—when he got to Caunt's, he took the things out of the phaeton himself, left me there, paid me, and sent me back to Mr. Wilkinson's with the phaeton—I took it there.





GEORGE ARLIS
. I am a coachman, and live in Park-street, Grosvenor-square—I know the prisoner and knew Joseph Elder. In the first few days of Sept. last they came to my mews—I cannot tell the day—I only know it was the beginning of Sept. by this letter, which I afterwards received, the post-mark of which is the 4th of Sept.—it was two or three days before I received the letter—it must have been the 1st, 2nd, or 3rd of Sept.—I have every reason to believe it was the 3rd—they came to me in a four-wheeled phaeton with one horse—Elder came into my stable, and spoke to me—I went out, and the prisoner was standing on the curb-stone with the reins in his hand—I took a saddle and bridle out of the phaeton, and I believe they went away together—Elder owed me 10s., and left the saddle and bridle with me for sale—I was to return his wife the difference of the money—this was as near ten o'clock as I can recollect—(looking at a letter)—I believe this to be Elder's writing—I never saw him write.





BENJAMIN CAUNT
. I keep the Coach and Horses, St. Martin's-lane. I know the prisoner by his coming to my house previous to this robbery—I did not know Elder—the prisoner was at my house four or five times during a fortnight before that—he came in a grey coat, which he gave my brother when he went away—he was dressed as a horse-dealer, in boots, coming up to the knees, and spurs—I should think it was about a week before the 3rd of Sept.—he showed me his spurs, and said he was a horse-keeper, and his stables were in Oxford-street; that he had five large hay-ricks down in

the country, and also a large farm; that if he knew I kept a horse he could have kept it for me, and would not have charged me anything for it for a considerable time—I said, "I am much obliged to you, my mare stands in Regent-street"—he said, "I think I shall sell my farm and five hay-ricks, make what I can of them, and go and buy a farm in America"—he said, "Can you let me have a private room here for a week or so? I will pay you well for it"—I said, "I will if possible"—he said, "I shall have 8,000l. or 9,000l. with me, and shall have six soldiers with me to guard me," and that he was going to deposit the money in the bank at Newcastle-on-Tyne—he came in a day or two after with a portmanteau, and said, "Caunt, will you lend me half a sovereign to deposit on this portmanteau till I fetch it," and he had three bags—he came to me inside my bar, which does not look into the street—he asked me to lend him 10s., or pay 10s. for the portmanteau, and keep it as security—I said, "I don't know you, the man can leave the portmanteau, and I will be answerable for the money; and if you don't want the portmanteau, the man must fetch it back"—the man was there with it on his back—he left it—I ordered it to be taken into my bed-room, and not delivered up till the money was paid—this is the portmanteau—he said, "When I come I shall have the money, and will pay you before I take it away; I shall have 8,000l. or 9,000l., and then 1 will pay you"—I was not at home on the 3rd of Sept.





ROBERT CAUNT
. I am the last witness's brother, and am his waiter and barman. On Tuesday afternoon, the 3rd of Sept., the prisoner came to the house in a four-wheeled phaeton, drawn by one horse—a soldier came with him, and Elder came a few minutes after—they had a carpet-bag with them—the prisoner and the soldier carried the carpet-bag between them—it was very heavy indeed—they carried it with difficulty—the prisoner asked me for a private room—I said, "There is the bar-parlour you can walk into." which they did-the prisoner ordered refreshment, and while I was getting it ready in the bar, I heard a noise in the bar-parlour—it waslike jingling of gold—I looked through the curtain which divided the bar from the parlour, and saw gold in the carpet-bag, which was open—there were two canvas bags in it—the prisoner was handling the gold—one bag had burst, and some gold got loose into the carpet-bag—I believe the prisoner put some of the gold into his pocket—I saw him do so—I asked the pri­ soner where he was going with that gold—he said he was going to the Edinburgh bank, and said, "I have two soldiers to guard me"—I asked him to let me lift the bag for a reason of my own—I tried, but could not, on account of its weight—while Elder was there, the prisoner asked me where my brother or his mistress were—I said they were both out—he asked me if there was not a portmanteau of his here—I said I believed there was, but he could not have it, as it was locked up in their bed-room—Elder said, "If money will get it we must have it"—I called the pot­ boy to the bar, and Elder sent him for a locksmith—the servant went up stairs with him—he picked the lock, and brought the portmanteau down—I gave the prisoner the bill for it, and he paid me 1l.; 10s. for it—he said that was all right—Burgess put both the canvas bags, with their con­ tents, into the carpet-bag—about seven o'clock Elder went for a cab, and brought it to the door—the prisoner was still sitting in the bar-parlour—Elder came to the bar, and pressed on him to go, or he would go without him, he could not wait any longer, his time was expired—I got down everything that was owing, and they paid my bill, 2l. or 3l.—they had

had port and sherry, and beef-steaks—the prisoner paid it—the portman-eao was locked up—the prisoner and the soldier carried it out of the barparlour to the cab—Elder was before the bar—he and the prisoner got into the cab, which went off, and 1 saw no more of them—I did not hear them direct where to drive.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you examined before the Magistrate? A. No, nor was my brother—I first told this story last week—I believe I heard of the robbery a fortnight after it took place—I was in the country at the time—the officer came to my brother's house, and I told him of it.





JAMES GINGLE
. I am a soldier in the Foot Guards; I know the prisoner, by being in company with him seven or eight times, but did not know his name. On the morning of the 3rd of Sept., between eleven and twelve o'clock, I saw him driving a phaeton with one horse, opposite the sigger's Head, Tower-hill—I was quartered at the Tower—he cut me with his whip, and asked me for Randle, another soldier—I said he was in the Tower, he would find him in the barracks—he asked where I was going—I said 1 had leave till twelve o'clock, and was going to the Three Tons, near Portman-barracks, to meet a friend—he said there was going to be a supper at Caunt's, and asked me to meet him there—I said I should not be able—he had somebody in the carriage with him, who appeared between forty and fifty, a very stout man—between three and four that afternoon the prisoner came with the carriage to the Three Tuns, where I was, and asked me to come into the carriage, and go to Caunt's—I did so—Drake was in the carriage when I came out—when I got to Caunt's, I helped him to carry the carpet-bag out of the carriage, it was very heavy, and was like the bag produced—I cannot swear to it—I helped him to put it into the little room next the bar—it was getting rather dark, it was near five o'clock—I remained at Caunt's till he went away, about a quarter or twenty minutes past seven—during that time, I saw two canvas bags inside the carpet-bag—he took them out of the bag, when a person came to inquire for him just before he went away—I saw him put them on a chair—I did not see what he did with them afterwards, as I left the room—there were three of us together—he said he would trouble us to walk into the other room—there was a civilian with me—I do not know who—it was after we had had beef-steaks and wine that he desired us to go into the other room—before he went away another person came—I think it was the same person I had seen in the morning—I had never seen him before that morning—he came into Caunt's, and asked the prisoner if he was ready to go—I carried the portmanteau into the cab, and the prisoner carried the carpet-bag—the portmanteau was rather heavy—I saw the prisoner carry the carpet-bag—it did not appear so heavy as when I had carried it—the prisoner and the other man went to the cab—one got inside and the other out—I do not know who the other man was.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you examined before the Magistrate? A. No,





JOHN HUGHES
. I am a paper-stainer. I was at Caunt's public-house on the night of the 3rd of Sept., and saw the prisoner there—I was one of the party—we had four bottles of wine and some beef-steaks—I saw the soldier there—I knew Elder before, I had seen him scores of times—he came there about twenty minutes after seven o'clock—he said to Burgess, "I want you to go directly "—he said, "I am coming in five minutes"

Elder said, "If you don't come I shall go; I have a cab ready at the door"—the prisoner went away with him in a cab—one Grinham was there that night.

Cross-examined. Q. You were not before the Magistrate? A. No.





GEORGE BENBOROUGH
. I am a porter at the Mersey-hotel, at Liverpool. At half-past five o'clock on the morning of the 4th of Sept., two persons arrived at the Hotel by the London-railway, in a rail way-carriage—the prisoner is one of them—the other was a stout, ruddy-complexioned gentleman, from forty-five to fifty years old I should think—one of them, I do not recollect which, asked me if they could have a private room to take breakfast in, also a place to put their luggage—I noticed none of their luggage except a heavy portmanteau of a dark colour, which I took on my shoulder—it was extremely heavy—I showed them to a private room—I afterwards heard the prisoner ask Mr. Home, the landlord, if he would give him notes for sovereigns—he could not do it, but desired me to show the prisoner to a bullion-dealer—I offered to go with him, but he declined going—he went out by himself—that was about nine o'clock—I did not see what became of his companion—I saw the prisoner again between ten and eleven—his companion was then with him—the prisoner asked me to take his luggage into the boat, to go on board the Britannia steam ship—took his things down—I do not recollect anything particular, but the port­ manteau—I noticed that, owing to the weight of it—I do not remember whether I took anything else or not—I put them on board a small boat, to take them to the Britannia—I saw the boat go out towards the vessel.





JOHN HEWITT
. I am commander of the Britannia steamer—she was advertised to sail from Liverpool to America on the 4th of Sept.—we sailed about half-past two o'clock, that day—we had nearly one hundred passengers on board—I was not aware that the prisoner was a passenger for three or four days—I saw an elderly gentleman, a stout man, with a ruddy complexion, in his company—he appeared about forty-four or fortyfive years of age—they both went by the name of Ellis on board, and passed as uncle and nephew—the prisoner called the other man his uncle—I landed them at Boston, on the 16th of Sept.—the prisoner is the man who came in my ship in the name of Ellis.





JOHN FORRESTER
. I am chief officer of the City of London, stationed at the Mansion-house. I received a warrant for the apprehension of two persons, named Burgess and Elder, and, in consequence of instructions, ac­ companied by Mr. Bord, from the Bank, I proceeded to America—I arrived at Halifax, and traced the parties from one place to another, till I arrived at Boston, where I found a person answering to the name of Elder—he was going by the name of Ellis there—on the 31st of Oct. I got into the house where he was lodging, and awaited his arrival, and on his coming home, about one o'clock in the day, 1 apprehended him—I told him I had a warrant against him, and showed it him—I said, "Your name is Joseph Elder "—he said, "It is"—Mr. Bord saw him, and recognised him as soon as he came in—after placing him in a place of security, I searched his lodging, and found 400 sovereigns in this black portmanteau, and some clothes in a cupboard, which I did not take away then—the portmanteau I brought away directly—I found in it some cards, with the name of Ellis on them, and a plate with it—these are some of the cards, and he had some of them on his person—I found letters in the portmanteau addressed to him in the name of Elder, and this discharge under the Insolvent Act—I

brought some linen here, which is marked "J. E."—I took him before a justice, and proceeded with Mr. Bord and officers from Boston, in search of the prisoner, to Nahant, which is a small peninsula, I think, about fourteen miles from Boston—there is an hotel there—I went to the hotel—the American officer who was with me showed himself at the hotel—I did not see the prisoner there—I stopped there all that night, Thursday, the 31st, and part of the next day—I was about different parts of the island on Friday, and on Friday night I returned to Boston—before that, I saw this carpet-bag at the hotel at Nahant, and left it there—on Saturday I went to a place called Brewsters's Island, which is up the river, about eleven miles from Boston—I had an American officer with me—I went to a kind of wooden hut, or cottage there, and found the prisoner there—he knew me before, and I was acquainted with his person—the officer went in first—I followed, and the prisoner was by the fire—at that time he was without whiskers—when I knew him at the Bank I think he used to wear a little whisker, but I am not positive—I went up to him, and he said to me, "How are you, John?"—I said, "I am very well, but am very sorry to see you in such a situation"—he said, "So am I, but it can't be helped now, old fellow"—we came away together in a boat, and in the boat he asked, "Where Is Elder?"—I said he had made away with himself, which was the fact—I knew it from what I was told—I did not see him dead; he was buried when I came back—the prisoner said, "Well, I think he is a fool for that, he might as well have seen it out"—I searched him, but found nothing particular—I found some bags at Nahant—I brought the prisoner to Boston—he was locked up, and sent before a Ma­ gistrate on Monday morning—after the prisoner was secured I got the carpet bag from the hotel at Nahant—it is the one that has been' produced—130 sovereigns were found at Nahant, and handed over to me by the American officer—I did not see them found—after taking the prisoner before the Magistrate in America, he was entrusted to me to bring to this country—before I came away I obtained possession of 6,500l., which I brought over and delivered to the Governor of the Bank of England—I got it from Mr. Blatchford, agent for Mr. Freshfield, at New York—I had heard the prisoner say there was money in the Bank—he said the money was in the Merchants' Bank at Boston, and be should be very glad to sign it over, for the Bank of England to have it—I think that was before I had got it, but I do not recollect at what part of the transaction—I had no further conversation with him on the subject of the money—I did not go to Nahant with him—I brought him to Boston—I saw Mr. Blatchford long before 1 apprehended the prisoner—I had caused notice to be given about the money being taken—I went with Mr. Bord and a Judge Warren to the prison the prisoner was in, but what passed I do not know—I went to identify Mr. Bord as the gentleman representing the Bank of England, and after that I received from Mr. Blatchford the 6,500l., which I brought to England with the 400 and 120 sovereigns.

Cross-examined. Q. You were examined before the Lord Mayor? A. Yes—I believe I did not speak there of any conversation.





ERNEST SHARP
. I am a clerk in the Consol-office, in the Bank of England; my department is to post the ledger. (Looking at the transfer of the 6,305l.,) I posted that; here are my initials—I have the ledger here—that sum appears posted in the ledger to the credit of George Shum Storey, John Petty Musprat, William Cotton, and Matthew Whiting—I

also debited William Oxenford with that amount—(the transfer-ticket, the forged transfer, the stock-receipt, the check for 8,000l., and the eight Banknotes, were here read.)
(William Goodrich, painter, 21, Great Ormond-street; Alexander Maisters, keeper of an ale and stout-house, Mile-end-road; and William Parish, lodging-house-keeper, Great Ormond-street; deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Life.
