




1024. 




SAMUEL HOLE
 and 




JOHN GODFREY, alias
 William Warboys

, were indicted for

 assaulting 



Ann Evatt, putting her in fear and danger of her life, and stealing from her person, and against her will, 1 pocket-book, value 6d.; and 1 reticule, 6d.; her goods; to which


HOLE pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.






ANN EVATT
. I live in Church-street, Islington. On Saturday, the 2nd of May, about a quarter before seven o'clock in the evening, I was in Barns-bury-park, in the Liverpool-road, Islington, at the gate of a house—I had a reticule on my arm, fastened to my hand by two silk cords—after ringing the bell, I was in the act of opening the gate, and the prisoner Hole came and snatched my bag—on turning round, Godfrey was at my elbow, and said he would catch him for me—I did not accept his offer, and he ran away himself, following Hole—he did not bring Hole back to me—a groom on horseback overtook Hole, and brought him back—he said he was very sorry—the cords were broken which held the reticule to my arm—there was a little pocket-book in it—Godfrey was apprehended outside the station-house, on Islington-green.

Godfrey. I crossed over to the lady from the other side of the way, where I was with a young man who works at a baker's, and whom I know—I heard a cry of "Stop thief!" and said, "What have you lost?"—she said, "A reticule," and I said I would run after him—I ran as hard as I could,

and a man on horseback passed me, and overtook this man. Witness. I turned round the instant it was taken, and found him at my elbow instantly—it must have been done in his presence—I cannot say whether I had called "Stop thief" before he offered to run after the other.





RICHARD LOCK
. I was riding in Barnsbury-park, I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and saw both prisoners running—Hole was first—I saw him throw the reticule away—a schoolmaster picked it up—I did not lose sight of Hole till he was stopped—when I was got to the station I saw the prisoner Godfrey taken into custody—in my opinion, Godfrey had some connexion with Hole—I do not think he wanted to catch him: he did not run so fast as him.

Godfrey. I have a very bad leg; I followed down to the station with the mob, with a man I was in company with: the policeman pulled me inside, and asked if I knew Hole; I said I had never seen him before.





BENJAMIN BAKER
 (police-constable N 297.) I took Hole, and showed him to the prosecutrix—I asked if he was the person—she said, "Yes"—he said, "I am the person, I am very sorry for it"—in going to the station he said a young man threw it at him as he was going past.

Godfrey. You had seen me with a young man with a basket on hit arm. Witness. I had not seen you until you were taken to the station.





CHARLES FENN WRIGHT
 (police-constable N 304.) On the afternoon in question, about five o'clock, I saw both the prisoners walking and talking together in the Liverpool-road—they appeared acquainted—it was about an hour and a half before this happened—about seven o'clock in the evening I saw Hole in custody—I took Godfrey outside the station, in the mob—I said, "You must go into the station"—he said, "I know nothing about it"—directly I took him I asked the lady if he was the other—she said, "Yes"—I am as sure I saw them together at five o'clock, as I am of seeing them together now—they were in my sight for five minutes—I did not know them before—my attention was drawn to them by the sauntering way they were going along—it was 300 or 400 yards from the spot.

Godfrey. I was in Holloway-road at that time, and was never in the other prisoner's company in my life—I should not have gone to the station if I had been the thief.

Hole. The man is a stranger to me; I am the man who took it; I was with my brother till twelve o'clock, and got drunk: I had not a soul with me after that.

C. P. WRIGHT
re-examined. Directly I got into the station I identified Godfrey—directly he saw me he walked away from the station—I brought him back, and the witness said, "That is him"—I have been nine years in the force.

MRS. EVATT
re-examined. Q. Had Godfrey time to cross the road after you felt the snatch, before you saw him at your elbow? A. Certainly not—it is a very wide road—I turned round instantly, and that instant found him at ray elbow.

Godfrey. She ran before I spoke to her. Witness. No; I had not left the gate; I was in the act of leaving to follow the man.

GODFREY—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported fir Ten Years.

