



1821. 




SHADRACH MITCHELL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
5th of June, 681bs. weight of potatoes, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 



Elizabeth Parrott and others; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN PARROTT
. I am a farmer, and live at Harmondsworth—there is a small farm belonging to my sister Elizabeth and two other sisters—I manage it for them. On the 5th of June they had a pit of potatoes-I examined it on the 6th of June, and found it had been opened, and between a bushel and a sack of potatoes stolen—I had seen it safe within a week—I received information, and gave information to the policeman-I have seen some potatoes since, and they correspond exactly with those in the pit—they are a particular sort, called "Regents." THOMAS DUGGAN (police-constable T 28.) I received information, in consequence of which I went to the prisoner's house, about ten o'clock at night, a short distance from Cranford-bridge—I found him there—I asked if his name was Mitchell—he said it was—I said I came to apprehend him for stealing potatoes from Miss Parrott, and asked him if he had any potatoes—he said he had—he took me down stairs, and took out a sack which contained about five pecks of these potatoes—I have matched them with those in the pit, and they seem the same—I asked how he came by them—he said he purchased them at the door of a hawker whom he did not know. HENRY PETERS. I am a labourer, living at Harmondsworth. At five o'clock on Sunday morning, the 5th of June, I was with George Cordery minding horses, and saw the prisoner coming out of the meadow-gate in the direction from the potato-pit, about 140 yards from it, with a sack on his shoulder containing something that looked like potatoes—he said, "Come and wipe this stuff off my shoes"—I asked what he had been doing—he said, "On the prigging system"—he went away off the field.


Prisoner. Q. What had you been doing? A. Sitting down in the field—I had not been cutting Mr. Hurt's osiers—I did not tell you not to say you had seen me.





GEORGE CORDERY
. I am a labourer. On Sunday, the 5th of June, I was with Peters minding horses in a field near Miss Parrott's—I saw the prisoner coming from their potato place—he had a sack on his shoulder—he asked Peters to come and wipe the dust off his shoes—he went, and then Peters asked what he had been at—he said, on the prigging system.






JOHN PASCOE
 (police-sergeant F 19.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—



Transported for Seven Years.
