



515. 




JAMES DONOVAN
 was indicted

 for stealing 59lbs. weight of copper, value 21l. 14s. 1d.; the goods of 



Thomas Ward.






HENRY GOLD
 (police-constable K 79.) I saw the prisoner on Sunday, the 7th of July, 1844, about a quarter to six in the morning, in company with a man named William Smith, who has been convicted—they were in Broad-street, Ratcliff, carrying a tub—the prisoner had hold of one handle, and Smith of the other—it was covered with a sheet or cloth—I watched them a considerable time and saw them put the tub down on the pavement—a cab drove up at the time—I saw the prisoner hold up his hand and hail the cab—I then saw him take one handle and Smith the other, and place the tub and the property on the cab—there were 591bs. weight of copper in the tub—Smith got up and rode on the box—the prisoner followed the cab, and I followed—the cab drove out of my sight—I followed to the corner of Old Gravel-lane—I saw the cab there, and saw the cabman take the tub off—I am sure it was the same property—Smith took it on his back, and went down Old Gravel-lane with it—the prisoner walked about 100 yards by the side of the cab—he then saw me pursuing, and made his escape—I saw him go away—I stopped Smith opposite the tunnel with the property in his possession—I weighed the copper—I showed it to Higgins, and found it belonged to Mr. Ward.





JOHN HIGGINS
. I am foreman to Mr. Thomas Ward—we lost seven sheets of copper out of one of our little stores—it weighed 491bs. or 50lbs.—it was lost on the 7th or 8th of July, 1844—it was safe the night before—I never knew it was gone till the policeman came to me—I saw the copper again about a week afterwards—it was shown to me by Gold—I knew it to be the property of Mr. Ward.

Prisoner's Defence. On the morning this happened I got up and went

after a barge; Smith met me; I knew him to be at work at Mr. Ward's; he asked me to lend him a hand to put the tub on a cab; he said it was clothes he was going to take home to his wife; I lent him a hand, and I never saw him again; I am as innocent as a child; Smith had a towel on the top of it.




GUILTY
.* Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

