



886. 



JOSHUA JONES ASHLEY
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
9th of Oct., at 
St. James, Westminster, 8 spoons, value 8l., the goods of 



Sir James Watson, knight, and others, in their dwelling-house.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






NICHOLAS PEARCE
. I am an inspector of the A division of police. I was present when the prisoner was in custody on the 15th of Feb. I went with Goff—I asked him his name and address—he gave his name, "Ashley, No. 11, Stockbridge-terrace, Pimlico"—I asked if he meant to say he lived there—he said he did—I went there—I afterwards went with Goff to No. 3, Allington-street—Goff had a key, which opened a chest of drawers, and in a drawer I found another bunch of keys, which opened a box in the room—I found some pawnbroker's tickets in it, one of which refers to these spoons—I also found three files.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to say you said, "Do you live in Stockwell-terrace?" A. No—I said, "Where do you reside?"—he said, "11, Stockwell-terrace"—I said, "Do you mean to tell me you reside at Stockwell-terrace?"—he said, "Yes"—I knew at the time that he lived in Allington-street—I know now that he lived in Stockbridge-terrace shortly before—I have been there myself—I found Mr. Rawnson there—I heard the prisoner lived at Stockbridge-terrace—it is seldom a prisoner is taken but I ask his name and address—I knew bis name and address, but it is the custom at the station, before the charge is entered on the charge sheet, to put the question—it was at the station, where we enter the name and address, that I put the question—that address was entered on the charge sheet.





CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
. I am an officer. I searched the prisoner on his being taken into custody—I found a key on him, which opened a chest of drawers.

Cross-examined. Q. What was taken from the drawers? A. A small bunch of keys—I think it was from the first long top drawer—I saw the box opened and the things taken out.





JOHN COTTON GRINLEY
. I am in the employ of Page and Kennedy, pawnbrokers. I produce eight table-spoons pawned at our house by the prisoner, on the 24th Jan., in the name of "Mr. Jeffries, owner and lodger, No.

11, Stockbridge-terrace"—this is the counterpart of the duplicate I gave him—I advanced 7l. on them—I thought it right to make inquiry before I advanced the money, and I went to No. 11, Stockbridge-terrace.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite sure be is the person who came? A. Yes—I afterwards went to the station, I saw him and was quite satisfied of him—I found him to be a person very likely to have spoons of his own—I believed them to be his own after inquiry—I took a constable with me, and the prisoner also to Stockbridge-terrace to make inquiry—he was present when I made the inquiry—these spoons are the double shell threaded patterns—there are many of this pattern—they are rather larger than common, but not for nobleman's spoons—the work on these might be 3s. a spoon, independent of the silver and duty—the erasure is where I should expect the mark to be put, the hall-mark being at the back—the erasure is in front—it is not commou for us to see plate erased like this—we frequently have plate brought to us to have initials taken out and to engrave ourselves—it is not usual to bring them in this rough mode.

MR. CLABKSON. Q. If the prisoner should be found to have taken this quantity of plate, your master will lose his 7l.? A. He will—there appears on all these spoons to have been a filing off, either an initial or a name—it appears to have been done with files, and very badly—that excited my suspicion and made me make the inquiry.





HANNAH STOREY
. I live at No. 3, Allington-street, Pimlico. The house belongs to my aunt and myself—the prisoner lodged there last January—I remember the officers coming there—they went into the room the prisoner occupied—he had lodged there a month the day the officers came, which was on the 15th of Feb.

Cross-examined. Q. What day did he come to lodge with you? A. It was in January, and on a Wednesday—I cannot say the day of the month—he was lodging with us on the 24th of Jan.—Mr. Rawnson sent his servant to take the lodging for him—he was going to leave our house in two or three days, and was going back to Mr. Rawnson's.

MR. PRENDERGAST
to
JOHN COTTON GRINLEY. Q. When you went to Mr. Rawnson's, you found out what the prisoner's name really was, did not you? A. I did not ask his name—I understood his name was Jeffiries, he told me so—his name was not mentioned at Mr. Rawnson's.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. What did you say about him? A. He said, "This is my landlord, I lodge here"—he was discharged from the station, and brought the spoons back to me a second time, and then he said his name was Jeffries, I had said nothing about his name before that.





HUGH SUTHERLAND
. I am under-butler of the Army and Navy Club, in St. James's-square—Sir James Watson is the secretary. I bad the cleaning of the plate—I believe this plate to be the property of the club, it is the double shell threaded pattern—in Oct. last, the Junior United Service Club had the use of our club-house, as their own bouse was under repair—they had the privilege of coming and paying for what they had—on the 1st of Oct., last year, I saw the prisoner at the club, and I saw him on the 9th, at the dumb waiter, as you go into the coffee-room—I missed six spoons on the 9th, and two on the 2nd of Oct.—our spoons are marked in the front, the hall-mark is at the back—our mark is a crest with a sword and anchor, and "Unitae fortia"—the place where these spoons are filed is where the crest and motto of the club were.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to swear to the spoons? A. Yes, here is a portion of the crown left remaining—there is a crown on our spoons above the sword and anchor—I speak to the whole being the same pattern,

and made in the same year—here is part of the mark where "Unitae fortia" was and here is part of the crown—here is a pattern spoon, where you can see it—I find part of the mark on most of them—here is one in particular that has the cross belonging to the top of the crown—I recognise that mark—I did not shake my head at the prisoner at the police-office, or express any feeling against him—I was happy to see the spoons again—I looked at the prisoner and said, "That is the man, I should say in my own heart"—I speak to the patterns and the year the spoons were made, in 1837—I know the year by the letter of the hall-mark—those who are judges know the year, I do not know it, except from the silversmith.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you see the initials M C on the pattern spoon? A. Yes, and also on all the others, and the letter O—the hall stamp is exactly the same on the pattern spoon as on the others—I have no doubt these are the eight spoons belonging to the club.





HENTRY HANLIER HATCH
. I am waiter at the Army and Navy Club in St. James's-square—Sir James Watson, Knight, is one of the members of that club—he was so in October last—there are other members.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know Sir James Watson? A. Not personally—I do not know, in fact, that there is such a person.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Be so good as to explain, you told me he was a member of your club? A. He is, but I have not seen every member of the club—I only know that he pays his subscription annually and regularly—I know we have a member of that name.

COURT. Q. Do you know the fact of a subscription being paid in that name? A. I do.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. All that you know, I suppose, is from some book in your possession? A. Yes, in that he is returned as paid, from the treasurer of the club in common with all others, the mode in which all subscriptions are paid—I do not receive any money myself—I can only speak from books—I have never seen Sir James Watson, to my knowledge—I have heard that he is a Knight Commander of the Bath—I have seen it in the army list.





JOSEPH WORMALD
. I know Lieut.-Col. Sir James Watson—he is a member of the Army and Navy Club.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know him? A. Yes, I have seen him at the club—he is colonel of the 14th Foot—he is called Colonel Sir James Watson—I do not know that he is a knight or a baronet—I have frequently heard him spoken of, and as Knight Commander of the Bath.





HENRY HANLIER HATCH

re-examined. I have frequently heard Sir James Watson spoken of as a trustee, and as knight commander of the Bath.

MR. PREDKRAST. Q. Do you mean you have heard people say he was a Knight of the Bath? A. I have always understood him to be so—I have frequently heard him spoken of as a Knight Commander of the Bath—I have been directed to write to him with reference to Bank-stock, stating that funds were to be invested in his name, and the committee have told me what to call him—I have written from the committee—I cannot say that I have precisely received their directions to write to him in a particular way, but I have frequently written to him in that way.

COURT. Q. Have the letters so addressed been acted upon? A. They have—he was proposed and seconded as a member by that name—strangers occasionally dine at the club on invitations.
(Major M'Lean, Richard Cannon, Kensington-terrace; John Burton, secretary and actuary of St. Pancras savings' bank: Francis Ferguson, assistant to the military secretary to the commander-in-chief, 35, Dorset-place,

Dorset-square; and William Leonard Coleman, of the war office, residing at Brixton, deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY

of stealing only.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There were seven other indictments against the prisoner.)
