



865. 




JAMES ELLERBY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
4th of February, 2 shawls, value 10s. 6d., the goods of 



Sarah Wiltshire May.






SOPHIA BURTON
. I live with Sarah Wiltshire May, she is in the outfitting business, in Grenada-terrace, Commercial-road. On the 4th of February the prisoner came and asked to look at two shawls, which hung in the window—I showed them to him—he said, "Send them down to my house; I keep the Nelson beer-shop, two doors on this side of the White Horse turnpike"—he went away and did not pay for them—I

took them to where he ordered, and gave them to a man at the bar, who was not the prisoner.





WILLIAM BEDFORD
. I was shopman to Mrs. May—I did not see the prisoner in the shop, but I was sent down to the beer-shop the next day for the money—I saw a person who described himself as the landlord, but did not get the money—I saw the prisoner come to Mrs. May's, on the Friday evening following—he stated he had a friend outside in the cold, and if we did not detain him then, he would call and pay for them the next day—he never did pay—when I went to the house, I saw other persons waiting there with goods, and knocking to get in.

Prisoner. There was no licence to the house—I was waiting a day or two to get it.





WILLIAM THOMAS CHINN
. I am shopman to Mr. Bartlett, a pawnbroker. I took in these two shawls on the evening of the 4th of February, to the best of my belief, of the prisoner.

Prisoner. Q. Are you quite certain I am the, person? A. I feel quite certain of it.





JAMES KINGZETT
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner on the 9th of February in the Commercial-road, on another charge—I found on him the bill for these shawls, and the duplicate of them was found at his residence.





JAMES DONOVAN
. I am a police-sergeant. On the day the prisoner was brought up at the Thames Police, I was ordered to make inquiry as to where his wife lived, which he said was at No. 22, Windmill-street, Lambeth—I went there, and she did not live there—I found she lived at No. 23, by the name of Elverston—I called for her, she came down—I inquired if her husband had been at home the last evening—she said, "No"—I went up stairs—she ran before me, and got hold of forty-seven duplicates, and was about to throw them into the fire—I laid hold of her hand, and got them from her—I found they were the duplicates of the property obtained from different tradesmen.





SAMUEL SARD
. I live in George-street, Blackfriars-road—the Nelson beer-shop in the Commercial-road is my house—I do not know the prisoner, and he had nothing to do with my house there—I do not take in parcels there for him, nor any thing of the sort—he is a perfect stranger—I never saw him till he was at the Thames Police.

Prisoner. Q. Did you let the shop and premises to a Mr. Smith? A. I did.

Prisoner. I had it under let to me by Mr. Smith.





SOPHIA BURT

re-examined. When the prisoner selected these shawls, he desired them to be sent to the beer-shop for his wife's inspection—Mrs. May made out the bill, and I was to leave the shawls for his wife's inspection, without the money—they were not sold to him—it depended on whether his wife would like them.

Prisoner. As to the shawls being left for inspection, they were bought, and sent home—I called two or three days after with intent to pay for them—I had no idea nor intention of stealing them.




GUILTY
. Aged 42.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There were three other indictments against the prisoner.)
