



904. 




RICHARD MARSHALL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 2nd of March, 1 sovereign, the monies of 



John Carnen.






JOHN CARNEN
. I was coachman to John Long, Esq., of Maxwell Hall, near Winchester. On the 2nd of March I came to town by the Southampton Railway—on leaving the railway, the prisoner came up and spoke to me—I cannot say that I had ever seen him before, but I think I had—he said he had come half-way by the railway—we went into a public-house, and had a pint of half-and-half before we came to Waterloo-bridge—I was going to Pallmall, and he walked with me, as I did not know the nearest way—before we came to Waterloo-bridge, another person joined him—we went to some other public-houses, and at last to the Swan, in Hungerford-market—we got there about three o'clock, and went into the parlour—I then put my hand into my purse, and took out a sovereign, to get it changed, to bind a bet with the prisoner—I put it on the table—he pulled out two imitations of sovereigns from his pocket—I saw them in his hand, and one of them is here now—the prisoner had proposed tossing for grog—he and the other man tossed for three glasses of grog—they had a sixpenny-worth of rum and water each, and I had sixpenny-worth of gin and water—the prisoner paid for it—he offered me several bets—at the last bet he said be would take three crowns to one that I should lose the toss—I said, "Done," pulled out my sovereign, and placed it on the table—he said he would cover my sovereign to bind the bet—he placed down an imitation of a sovereign, and took my good sovereign up—I detected him doing it, and said he had changed the sovereign, for my sovereign had no George and dragon—he directly opened his hand, and said, "Well, then, take this," offering me another sort of sovereign—I, thinking it was a good one, took it up—the other man and the prisoner then placed the money in a hat—as the other said he would make the same bet as I was making, the other man pulled out what appeared to be a 5l. note, and placed it in his own hat—the prisoner placed an imitation sovereign in the hat, on one side, and a note on the other—I went to place the sovereign which he had given me in the hat—I will not swear whether it went out of my hand or not, but I immediately picked it out, on observing the other piece of coin and the note in the hat—I took them out, went to look at the number of the note, and they snatched it out of my hand—I immediately ran out, and asked Dawson if it was a good sovereign—he said not—I held the prisoner, who scuffled with me, and he was detained in custody—I found myself in possession of a bad sovereign for a good one, which I had when I went there—the other man got away.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long have you been with Mr. Long? A. Eight years and five months—I came to London on my own private business—I had not left him—I was going to leave him on Saturday morning, but was detained in London by this—I came to see a tradesman of whom Mr. Long bad bought a carriage, as it is customary to give the servant a trifle—I got less than a guinea—I did not know what I was to get until I came—I asked my master's leave to come—he wished me to be home on Friday afternoon on account of the hounds meeting—it was my own wish that I was going to leave him—I lived with him when I was in the 10th Hussars—I had not got another place—I gave notice to quit more than four months ago—he is lately married, and we were travelling three months of that time—I think I have seen the prisoner somewhere about Winchester—I do not know whether he came up by the railway—we had something to drink at all the public-houses

—I spent 4d. and 3 1/2 d. that is all—I proposed having a game of cards at the Swan—I never completed a toss—I was going on with it, but in consequence of my sovereign being taken I did not—I got the sovereign from Mr. Long's maid three weeks ago—I had 2l. 0s. 6d., and some copper when I left home—when I got to the Swan, I had about 1l. 9s.—it cost me 8s. to come by the train—I was in London about two years ago—I am sure the prisoner took up my sovereign, and put down an imitation one in its place—I detected him in doing so.





RICHARD DAWSON
. I am barman at the Swan. I saw the prosecutor, the prisoner, and another man drinking there on the 2nd of March—the prosecutor brought an imitation coin to me, and asked if it was good, and if I would change it—I said it was not—he then told me the prisoner had exchanged one—a constable was sent for, and I gave the coin to him—it was such a one as this—(produced.)

Cross-examined. Q. How long were they there? A. About two hours and a half—I was in the room at different times—they drank spirits and water.





GEORGE WEBB
. I am beadle of Hungerford market. I found the prisoner at the Swan, about five o'clock, on the 2nd of March—he was given into my custody—I took him to the station—he said he had no money, and he would rather pull off his coat or anything than go to the station—I found nothing on him, but a knife, a shilling, and some halfpence—he denied having the man's sovereign—the prosecutor said he would not care if he had his sovereign back.

Cross-examined. Q. And it was in reply to that the prisoner said, he would rather pull off his coat to pay it, than go to the station? A. He did not say that—I understood him to mean so—Dawson gave me the imitation sovereign.




GUILTY
. Aged 38.—


Transported for Seven Years.

