



848. 




WILLIAM HOLLINGSWORTH BUTLER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of February, 1 oz. weight of cotton, value 3d.; 4 oz. weight of thread, value 9d.; 18 yards of tape, value 9d.; and 12 balls of cotton, value 6d., the goods of 



Thomas Key; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






THOMAS KEY
. I live in Pared-street, Paddington, and am a labourer—my wife keeps a toy-shop, and sells cottons. I recollect about the 1st of February, hearing some glass falling in the street, (that was the first time the glass was cut)—I saw some boys in the street, and the prisoner was one of them—in consequence of that, I put some pasteboard up against the window. On the 14th of February I was in the shop, and saw the prisoner in the street—he plunged his hand into the broken pane, and I saw him extract sundry articles from the window—I ran out, and saw him drop the cotton just by the window—I pursued him, and in about half a minute he was taken is Market-street—when I stopped him, he fell on his knees and said, "Pray let me go; I have taken nothing, but I will discover to you the other parties who have taken your goods away"—I took him back to my shop, and gave him in charge—I know this cotton which I picked up

to be mine—I bought it in Coventry-street—I lost some other cotton from the window, which I had bought at the same place—I lost some thread also—the prisoner dropped this cotton, that I should stop and take it up, but I did not, and when I came back Mrs. Starling gave me the cotton which she had picked up—I am sure it is mine, and that the prisoner dropped it—I had been serving some of it not two minutes before.





GEORGE MERRETT
 (police-constable D 198.) I was on duty in Praed-street on the 14th of February—I went up to the prosecutor's shop, and the prisoner was given to me—the prosecutor gave me this cotton—I found on the prisoner this knife, the point of which is ground in the shape of a putty knife, and this piece of wire, which is made into a hook to hook things out.

Prisoner. I was walking home—this gentleman came and took me—my father used this knife to put up putty with. Witness. He told me it was for cleaning bricks, and he said at the station it was for cleaning tools.





ALFRED BLUNDELL
 (police-sergeant T 9.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office (read)—the prisoner is the person who was tried.




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Ten Years.
