



2437. 




WILLIAM WORLEY
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Leake, about three in the night of the 
10th of October, at 
St. Marylebone, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 2 coats, value 4l.; 1 seal, value 1l.; and 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; the goods of 



John William Berry: and 1 clock, value 15l., the goods of 



William Leake.


MR. PHILIPS
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL MOYES
 (police-constable C 45.) On Sunday morning, the 11th of October, about twenty minutes after three o'clock, I was on my beat, and passed by No. 45, Upper Harley-street—it is a corner house, and the door is in Devonshire-street—I found the door about two inches open—I shoved it open further, and saw a candlestick standing in the hall, but the candle was burnt out—the tallow in it was quite warm—I rang the bell—MR. Berry came down—we examined, but could not find out how the house had been entered—I made a report to my sergeant, and afterwards returned to the house, and saw the bar of the kitchen window broken, so that a person could have entered.

Cross-examined by
MR. SIMMONDS. Q. Did not the prisoner's wife live there as housekeeper? A. As cook, I believe.





WILLIAM BALL
, I am servant to Mr. Berry, an attorney, living at No. 45, Upper Harley-street, in the parish of Marylebone, Mr. William Leake is the landlord of the house, but he does not live in it—the prisoner's wife was cook in the house, and I have seen him there a good many times, but had not seen him inside the house for the last three months—he had directions not to come—on Saturday, the 10th of October; at half-past eleven

o'clock, I took the bed-room candlestick to my master, and then locked, barred, and chained the front-door—I slept in a room on the basement—between three and four in the morning, the policeman rang me up—I found Mr. Berry up—I examined the house and missed a clock, two coats, and a seal—I missed some tea-spoons out of the kitchen—I found a spit on the dresser, and four lucifer matches on the kitchen table—when I went to bed the iron bars in front of the kitchen window were all quite safe, to the best of my knowledge—I was in the area in the course of the day, and they were quite safe then—when I went to bed that night the kitchen window were down and the shutters shut—in the morning I found the shutters shut, but on opening them I saw the iron bar broken away—it would require great force to wrench it—there was a great log of wood there, as if the bar had been wrenched off with it—I never saw the log before.





THOMAS PARSONS HONEY
. I am a policeman. On Sunday morning, the 11th of October, I was on duty in Weymouth-street, and saw the prisoner about one-eighth of a mile from the corner of Upper Harley-street, at the corner of Portland-road—as soon as he saw me he turned round in a different direction and went down Charlotte-street—I met him at the bottom of the road—he was carrying something on his left arm, and a bundle in his right-hand—he asked me if there was a coach on the rank—I was in my uniform—he said he wanted to take a coach to London Bridge to take the first steamer to Gravesend—I asked what he was carrying—he said, "It is my own," and walked on—I stopped him, and took two coats off his left arm, and asked if they were his own—he said they were—I shook one of the coats and heard halfpence rattle—I asked if there was any thing in the pockets—he said there was nothing—I found three halfpence and a pair of gloves in one pocket, and a silk handkerchief in the other—I asked what he had in the bundle—he said a clock—I asked if it was his own—he said it was, he had had it four years—I asked if there was any name on the clock—he said his own name was on it—I said, "If you have had it four years, tell me the maker's name which is on the front"—he said, "I know nothing about that"—another constable came up and he was taken into custody—as we went along with him to the station-house he said, "If you will let me alone, and say no more about it, I could drop you a few shillings"—I asked his name—he said, White, 30, Melcombe-mews, Dorset-square, and that he had brought the property from there—I inquired there and he was not known—I returned to the station-house, searched him, and found on him five silver spoons, two watch seals, a key, a finger ring, four keys on a ring, a pocket-book, two letters, a razor and case, a box of Lucifer matches, and a snuff box—I went to Mr. Berry's house and saw the window—I found a piece of wood in the area, and marks on it, which I matched to the iron bar of the window where it was wrenched—it corresponded exactly.





RICHARD EDMONDS
. I am clerk to Mr. John William Berry, who lives in the house by permission of Mr. Leake, the proprietor. I know this clock to be Mr. Leake's—I have wound it up many years—I know this to be Mr. Berry's seal.





WILLIAM BALL

re-examined. I know these coats and this handkerchief to be Mr. Berry's—MR. Leake comes to the house occasionally—his maid servant lives there.
(William B. Gapper, Portland-road, and James Grant, messenger, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 41.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

