




284. 




HENRY MALLOWS
 and 




JAMES LAYTON
 were indicted for

stealing 4 sheets, value 1l.; 6 cotton cloths, 6s.; and 1 window-blind, 4s.; the goods of 



Margaret Thistlewood.






THOMAS SMITH
 (City police-constable, No. 115.) On Saturday evening, the 13th of Dec., I was on duty in Bloomfield-street—I saw the prisoners, and a third person in their company—Mallows had this parcel with him, carrying it on his shoulder—when he saw me he and the third one began to run down Rose and Crown-court—Layton stopped back—Mallows dropped the parcel—I pursued him, and overtook him in Half Moon-street—the parcel was afterwards delivered to me—I did not see it picked up, but I saw the gentleman stand looking at it—this parcel is about the same size as the one Mallows had.





FRANCIS UNCILLEA
. I was in Rose and Crown-court on Saturday evening, the 13th of Dec.—I saw Mallows running—he ran against me, and dropped this parcel—I gave it to the officer.





JOHN JENKINSON
 (police-constable G 53.) I was on duty on Saturday evening, the 13th of Dec., about half-past four o'clock—I saw the two prisoners, and a third person with them—I watched them—they went from Chiswell-street, where I first saw them, to Finsbury-square—I then lost sight of them—my attention was then directed, by another officer, to the one who is not in custody—I then looked, and saw the two prisoners further on, and Mallows was carrying a bundle—they ran some distance—I pursued, and took Layton.





THOMAS EDWARDS
. I live in John-street, West Hackney, and am in Mrs. Shadbolt's employ—she is a carrier. On the 13th of Dec. I was at the corner of Chiswell-street and Finsbury-square—I had some parcels with me—I was waiting for my fellow-servant—Mallows came up and asked me the way to Sun-street—I pointed in the direction of Sun-street, and told him that was the way—I then turned, and missed Mallows and a parcel—it was such a parcel as this—I had received it from my fellow-servant, who is not here—this parcel is about the same size—it has a direction on it—I cannot read, but it was directed for "Mrs. Shadbolt, to go by the buss from the Flower Pot."

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Is Mrs. Shadbolt a carrier? A. Yes—my fellow-servant is in her employ.





ELIZABETH SHADBOLT
. I am the daughter of Ann Shadbolt, of Edmonton. I was out with one of our men, collecting parcels—I left Edwards with three parcels at the corner of Chiswell-street—I had received one of them from Mr. Thistlewood, of Edmonton, to go by Shadbolt's cart, and to go by omnibus to Homerton, from Bishopsgate-street—this is the parcel.





MARY ANN COTTIS
. I am servant to Mr. George Thistlewood, of Edmonton. I sent this parcel—it contained four sheets, six knife-cloths, and a

window-blind—I gave it to Elizabeth Shadbolt to take to town, to be forwarded by an omnibus to Homerton—this is the parcel—it has Mr. Thistle-wood's writing on it—it is directed to "Miss Thistlewood, Homerton"—it was sent by Mr. Thistlewood to Margaret Thistlewood, at Homerton—it belonged to Miss Thistlewood—some of her things were sent after her.

COURT
to
JOHN JENKINSON. Q. Were you pursuing Layton? A. Yes—they were all three running together—Mallows had the parcel.

Layton. I did not run at all; I was not in company with the other. Witness. Yes, he did—he had been twenty minutes with the others, previous to the parcel being taken—Mallows carried it 500 yards.
(Layton received a good character.)

MALLOWS—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.


LAYTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—



Confined Six Months.

