





1159. 




WILLIAM HARRIS,



 JOHN MARTIN
, and 




CHARLES DELANEY



, stealing 1 box and 70lbs. weight of soap, value 1l. 8s.; the goods of 



John Holdsworth.






JOSEPH MOORE.
 I am in the service of John Holdsworth of Dockhead—on 3rd April there was a box containing 70lbs. weight of soap just under the window—I saw it safe at nine o'clock, and missed it in five minutes—Emmett told me something—in about half an hour Delaney was brought back—Harris afterwards came and asked if I accused him of taking a box of soap—I asked him into the shop—my master called a policeman, and asked Delaney if he saw him take ir—he said, "Yes"—I had seen Martin and Delaney walking backwards and forwards before that evening—I had not seen Harris that Jay—I knew him before, but cannot say I had seen him with the others.





GEORGE EMMETT.
 I saw Harris and Delaney walking up and down—they said, "Don't tell of that chap, he is going to take that box to make a rabbithutch; it is only an empty one"—Harris then put the box on his shoulder and went away, I knew him by sight—they went a different way to Harris.





WILLIAM NOAKES
 (policeman.) I received information. and went to Harris's house, but could not find him—I found him at Mr. Holdsworth's—I found Delaney at home, and told him the charge—he said he did not take it—Martin took me to his lodging—I found these pieces, which appear to belong to a box, but most part had been recently burnt—some were burning then—one piece was covered with ashes; it has soap on it—I found four bars of soap concealed under the back window—about three o'clock in the morning I found Martin fastened in a water-closet—I brought him out, and said he was charged with being with Delaney and Harris—he denied it—there was a quantity of soap inside his sleeve and inside his jacket.


Harris' Defence. My mother said my name was mentioned, and I went to the shop; I did not do it.

Martin's Defence. The policeman kept shoving me against the soap, and some got on my jacket.

HARRIS—


GUILTY.* Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.


MARTIN—


GUILTY. Aged 16.—



Confined Six Months.


DELANEY—


GUILTY. Aged 13.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.—



Confined Three Months.


Before Mr. Common Serjeant.

