



1804. 




GEORGE HAWKINS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of June, 36lbs. weight of lead, value 5s., the goods of 



William Howes, and fixed to a building: 2nd COUNT, not stating it to be fixed: Two other COUNTS, stating it to be the goods of 



Henry Richmond.






WILLIAM HOWES
. I am a bricklayer, and live in Hart-street, Covent-garden. I took possession of a house, No. 34, Hart-street, belonging to Henry Richmond—the prisoner's father formerly resided there—I took possession of it on the 8th of June, and was to pay my rent quarterly—on Friday I went on the roof of the house, and it was all right—I employed some people to repair the house—on Saturday, the 10th, about a quarter to five o'clock, in consequence of information, I went on the roof again, and found about nine feet of lead cut out of the centre of the gutter—it must have been cut with a sharp instrument, and the edges were bright, as if recently done.





DENNIS KELLY
. I am a labourer, and live in Regency-place, Crown-street,

Westminster. On the 10th of June I was employed by Mr. Howes on the premises in Hart-street—between four and five o'clock that afternoon the prisoner came into the back yard where I was at work, and asked if we had seen a bit of looking-glass in any of the rooms up stairs, which his father had left behind—I said I had not—I went after some mortar, and when I came back the prisoner was not there—about ten minutes or a quarter of as hour after I saw him at the foot of the stairs in the passage, going out with a parcel under his arm, wrapped up in a handkerchief—I called out to him, and asked what he had there—he made no answer, but walked away—he had no bundle when he came in.





LAURENCE QUINLAN
. I was employed at No. 34, Hart-street, Covent-garden, on the Saturday, and saw the prisoner leave the premises with a bundle under his arm. I heard Kelly cull, and ask him what he had in it-he made no answer—I followed him up the court—he took the bundle from under his arm, and put it on his shoulder—there was something which appeared heavy in it—he looked round, saw me, and ran away.

Prisoner. Q. Who sent you after me? A. No one—there were two men in the yard besides me and Kelly—when I got out of the alley you were nearly at the top—when you saw me you ran as fast as you could—I went back, and told the men you had something.





JOHN THOMAS HANSLOW
. I am a police-sergeant. About seven o'clock, on the 11th of June, I met the prisoner in Drury-lane, and took him—I told him he was charged on suspicion of stealing some lead from No. 34, Hart-street—he said he had never been near the place, and he could prove it—he resisted violently, flung himself down on the pavement, and said he would not go.

Prisoner. I walked across the road, laid down, and said I would not get up till you told me what it was for; and when you told me, I got up and walked. Witness. You went gently till we got across the street, and then flung yourself down, and tried to get me down also, and said you would set me d----d before you would go.

Prisoner's Defence. I had just done work on Saturday, at No. 68, Long-lane, Smithfield, where I had been along with my father to finish a job; we had left a glass behind us at this house, and the gentleman had said we might have it the first day the house was open—I went and spoke to the bricklayer about it, and others that knew me, and walked out again—I had my father's flannel jacket under my arm, and he had his tools on his back; I never touche the lead.
(Richard Maguire, a jobbing bricklayer; James Clements; John Hennicker; and Timothy Heffron, of Lincoln's-court, Drury-lane; gave the prisoner a good character; but stated they knew he was tried and acquitted last Sessions for stealing lead.)




GUILTY
. ** Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

