



3043. 




JOHN BROWN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of Oct., 1 truck, value 8l.; 7 1/2 lbs. weight of tea, 1l. 17s.; 71bs. weight of coffee, 12s. 10d.; 69lbs. weight of tea, 2l.; 10lbs. weight of candles, 4s. 6d.; 1lb. weight of rice, 5d.; and 3/4 lb. weight of cocoa, 7d.; the goods of 



Richard Sexton and another; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






RICHARD SEXTON
. I am a grocer, and live in High-street, Newington. I had a truck on the 12th of Oct. at my house—it contained 7 1/2 lbs. of tea, and the other things stated—I sent the whole of them in the truck, by Edward Copas, to take to my different customers—I saw the truck the next day at the station, with the different articles.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you put the articles up? A. I put up some, and my man put up the others—I superintended it—I have one partner.





EDWARD COPAS
. I went to Mr. Huntley's, in Pump-row, Old-street, and began to deliver some of these things, and, while I was inside, a man took the truck, and the property—this is it.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you delivered any of the order? A. Yes, three parcels—I left the truck for about ten minutes, and nobody with it—it was about five o'clock.






JAMES WHITCOMBE
. I live with my father, in Norris-street, Hoxton, I saw Copas go into the house—I then saw the prisoner take the truck away, with these things in it—there was a bag in it—he took it out, carried it through the street, rested at a public-house, and then took it away with him.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. I work for a cabinet carver—I was sitting on some logs in Pump-row—was out for my tea half-hour—I had never seen the prisoner before—I am quite sure he is the person—I saw him for about half an hour—after I had told Copas, I looked for a policeman—I found two, and told them—they went after the prisoner, and caught him with the bag—I had not lost sight of him—he was on the other side of the way.





JOHN JONES
 (policeman.) Whitcombe told me that a man had stolen the bag off the truck, and said, "Yonder he goes"—he pointed the prisoner out to me and the other policeman—we took him with it—the prisoner appeared quite sober.





DANIEL BLAY
 (City police-constable No. 159.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

