




921. 




JOHN DONOVAN



, stealing 1 box, and other articles, value 1l. 4s. 6d.; the goods of the 

St. Katharine's Dock Company: having been before convicted. MR. CLARKSON

conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN DAVIS
. I am export foreman at St. Katharine's Docks. I receiver this box into my charge on 14th March, about three o'clock in the afternoon—there is a shed, in which this box and a number of other things were, belonging to the ship Cuba, which was about to sail for Cape Coast Castle—I saw the box safe about nine on Saturday morning, 17th March, it had an oil-cloth over it, and it was corded—I did not see it again till I saw it in the superintendent's office; the cord had been removed, and the tarpaulin torn—a person could walk from the shed to a pile of wood there.





JOHN JENNINGS
. I am a day watchman at St. Katharine's Docks. Between eleven and twelve on 17th March, I saw the prisoner coming from between two piles of wood on the E quay, at St. Katharine's Docks, which was 300 or 400 yards from the shed—he was buttoning up his trowsers—I went to the wood, looked round, and did not observe that any one had been there for the purposes of nature—I turned to the left, and saw this box close to the pile of wood—it was open, and a chisel laid by the side of it—some books, some children's clothes, and some newspapers, were out of the box, on the ground—I looked for the prisoner, and in about a quarter of an hour I saw him on the waterside, opposite to this place; I crossed over, and walked quietly on till I came opposite the place; I heard something like glass rattle—I walked into the place, and saw him sitting by the box, he had some child's frocks, and something of brown holland, in his right band, and his left was in the box—on seeing me he dropped the things immediately—I ordered him to come out, and asked what business he had in the dock—he told me he came in with a wagon—I asked him whom he had driven for—he said he did hot know the man's name—I took him to the office.





JOHN PASMORE MUMFORD
. I am superintendent of police at the Docks. The prisoner was handed over to me by Jennings, with the box and its contents, and this chisel—the box contained table-cloths and other articles—I asked the prisoner if he wished to say anything—he said he knew nothing about the box or chisel—I had placed the chisel on the desk—no one was in the office but me and the prisoner, and the person who brought the box-some glaziers had been cleaning the windows, but they had left half an hour before the prisoner went out of the office—I had missed the chisel—I searched him and the place where he was confined—I found the chisel wedged in between the seat on which he had been sitting and the wall.

Prisoner. That was the chisel the two glaziers gave him. Witness. No, I did not miss it two minutes, you asked if you might step out for a necessary purpose, went out, and I turned round and missed it.





JOHN JENNINGS

re-examined. This is the chisel I found with the prisoner at the pile of wood.





ROBERT BOARD
 (policeman, K 332). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction—(read—Convicted Aug., 1843, having been before convicted; transported for seven years)—he is the person—I believe he has been convicted since, and had a month.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

