




2568. 




MARY ANN ALEXANDER
 was indicted

 for Stealing, on the 
21st of July, 1 shift, value 10s.;2 handkerchiefs, value 5s.;1 tablecloth, value 10s.;2 towels, value 2s.6d.;2 pairs of stockings, value 4s.; and 1 habit shirt, value 10s.; the goods of 



William Maughan, her master; and 






SARAH BOARDMAN for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen.






PAULINE MAUGHAN
. I am the wife of William Maugban, and live in Bennondsey-street—Alexander was in my service till three weeks ago—I then discharged her, and on the Friday afterwards I missed some towels—I sent to Alexander, and she brought me back one towel—I afterwards missed two table-cloths, nineteen napkins, one dozen and seven cambric handkerchiefs, four habit-shirts, some stockings, some house cloths, dusters, four shifts, and a great many other things—I went the same day to Alexander, who was in Boardman's room—I asked her where the habit-shirts and other things were—at first she denied it—I said, "How ungrateful you have been to me, who have sent bread to your child"—she said, "You have been kind, but I hare taken nothing"—I was coming away, but she gave me this habit-shirt, and then gave me some daplicates from her pocket, and said, if I would forgive her she would tell me where all my other things were—I said that would not do—I would not promise to forgive her, as she had been so ungrateful—she then turned to Board man, and told her to give me the ticket of the table-clath—Boardman said, she had no such thing—'Alexander said, "Yes, you know you have"—Boardman then said they had sold the table-doth—I afterwards got a policeman and went with him to their room again—we found them both sitting together by the fire—they bad cut the tops of my stockings off, and put them on the fire, and the feet and legs of the stockings were on the floor—we found two of my handkerchiefs, which they were burning—the officer took possession of them—here are the tops of the stockings, and the mark on them, and here are the legs and feet of them.





RICHARD FULLER
 (police-constable M 120.) Mrs. Maughan took me to a house in Bermondsey, where I saw the prisoners sitting in chairs—they were not doing anything—the prosecutrix said something was burning—she went to the fire—I saw her pull this handkerchief out, and these tops of stockings—I put the fire out with my feet, and picked up these other tops of stockings—they have marks on them—I received these two duplicates from Mrs. Maughan before I went to the house—this table-cloth was given up to me at Union Hall, by Larkman.






ANN LARKMAN
. I am the wife of William Larkman; I live in Bermondsey. I bought this table-cloth of Boardman for 2s., in July.





ROBERT PLUSH
. I am shopman to Mr. Grose, a pawnbroker. I produce a shift, two towels, a duster, and a cloth, pawned at different times by a woman, in the name of Boardman—I cannot say by whom—these are two of the duplicates I gave to the person who pawned the things.

MRS. MAUGHAN. These two duplicates were given me by Alexander.

Boardman. I received nothing from Alexander but the table-cloth; she brought the things to my house, and said the lady had given them to her—I never pledged any thing.

ALEXANDER—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

BOARDMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 40.




Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Baron Rolfe.
