



1414. 




WILLIAM SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing 106 yards of silk, value 20l. 6s. 4d., and 101 yards of satin, 17l. 3s., the goods of 



Griffiths Foulkes.—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of Edwin Leaf.






RICHARD FOULKES
. I am in the service of my father, Griffiths Foulkes, of Little Russell-street, Covent-garden. On the 29th of March a person, who I believe to be the prisoner, came to me, and on the following day the prisoner came for a parcel of goods, which he said had been left by mistake—we had had a parcel the day before from Edwin Leaf, of Wood-street—the prisoner represented himself as their porter—I thought it extremely unlikely—he said he came from Leaf's and Co,—I gave him the parcel, containing two pieces of satin, and a piece of silk, worth 37l.—I directed our porter to follow him, and he brought him back in a cab—the prisoner said he hoped I would forgive him, be bad a wife and six children, and it was all up with him—he produced this book—we bad sent no order to Leaf.

Prisoner. Q. What did I say when I came? A. That you came for some goods for Messrs. Leaf—I questioned you—I thought it very improbable that a porter should be allowed to come so early as between seven and eight o'clock—I did not say before the Magistrate that you were not the person.





JOHN DRIVER
. I am porter to Richard Foulkes. On the 30th of March I saw the prisoner at my master's—I followed him down Holborn—Messrs, Leaf live in Old Change—the prisoner then took a cab and went down the Blackfriars’-road, over the bridge, then got down and went away, leaving the parcel in the cab— I spoke to the cab man—I asked him to stop till the prisoner came back—he told me to stand on one side, and I took the prisoner when he came back—I said I must take him back, this was not the right way to Mr. Leaf's—he then would not get out of the cab—he burst into tears, and I said, "You had better get out."

Prisoner. Q. Did you not look into a public-house where I was? A. I do not remember that I did—I did look in at the door—you could not have got away—I had to run to keep up with the cab—you told me you were ill—your appearance did not show it.





GEORGE LUCAS
. I am in the service of Edwin Leaf and Co., of Wood-street, Cheapside. On the 29th a man presented an order for two pieces of

white satin, and one piece of serge—I sent these goods to Foulkes—I did not send the prisoner for them on the 30th—I did not know him—he does not belong to our house—he was not the man who brought the order the day before—these are the things which I sent—he was not authorized in any way to go for them—we did not send for them, or wish them back—I know nothing about this book.

Prisoner's Defence. On the 29th of March I was in the Crown public-house in the Blackfriars'-road; there were three or four men there; one of them introduced himself to me, and asked various questions; I told him of the difficulties I had gone through; he said he would be glad to do anything for me; he belonged to Leaf's house in Wood-street, and could give me a job in the morning if I would call; I did so; I was to meet him at the Crown; he did not allow me to go in; he gave me a book to go and ask for these things; he gave me half-a-crown, and told me to take a cab, and said, "If they ask you any questions, say there is a piece of silk and two pieces of satin;" when I got there I was to give the man the parcel; he wished me to be back in time, because he had somewhere else to call with the parcel; I was to go with it to the, Crown; I wanted to save a shilling and wanted to walk back, but was taken very unwell, and obliged to take a cab.





GUILTY
.* Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.

