



2252. 




JOHN SUTLIFT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of July, 1 bag, value 1s. 6d.; 2 pairs of spectacles, 5s.; 2 handkerchiefs, 2s. 6d.; 3 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the property of 



Mary Ann Longley, from her person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






MARY ANN LONGLEY
. I am single, and live in Bedford-square, Commercial-road, Stepney. On the 27th of July I came by the Chelsea omnibus, up to the end of Dog-row, Mile-end—I crossed over to my home—two short stubby lads, of ten or twelve years of age, and a tall one between them, went before me—they went through the bars of the gate before I did, and then I lost sight of them—when I got into Russell-street, by Mr. Smith's, the oilman's, my bag, which was in my hand, was dragged by some one behind me—I drew my arm forward—before I could count two, there was a second and a third tug, which threw me down on the right side—how I fell, it was so instantaneous, I can form no idea—the string of my bag was twisted round my wrist twice—I had my pattens in my hand—when I had fallen I turned my eye sideways, and saw one of the little urchins with my bag—the force of the tug had drawn me from the pavement into the middle of the road on my side—I called out, "Stop him"—I do not know what force had been applied to pull me down—I think if it was the force of the boy I should have fallen on my left side, but I fell on my right—I am not sensible in what way I fell—I was as if I had been tripped up—my bag contained a pocket-handkerchief, two pairs of spectacles, an old purse, with 3s. 6d. in it, and an embroidered spectacle-case—the prisoner came from the opposite side of the way and picked me up—Mr. Smith came out of his shop, and two young men, who accused the prisoner of being one of the gang—Mr. Smith collared him—he said, "How can that be, when I picked the lady up; did I not pick you up, Ma'am?"—I said, "Yes, my lad, but that does not exculpate you."

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. What time of night was it? A. As near ten as I can say—it was very dark about that place—I was glad when I got to Mr. Smith's shop because of the light.





ELIZABETH BARTHRAM
. I am the wife of William Barthram, of Russell-street. On the night of the 27th of July I was at my father's gate—I saw Mrs. Longley pass—the prisoner and two other lads followed close behind her—my sister called my attention to them—I saw Mrs. Longley go up by Mr. Smith's—I followed her—when she got to Mr. Smith's, the prisoner and the other two lads were following her close behind—she crossed over on the Pavement of Mr. Smith's house—on her turning the corner there the prisoner turned round and said, addressing the lesser lads, "Now is your time—the

dead-wall"—The prisoner crossed over to the dead-wall and stood by the gutter—the other two seized hold of Mrs. Longley's hand and snatched her bag from her—she held it very tight, and in their pulling her away she fell down with great violence on the ground—I called "police"—the prisoner crossed the road and picked Mrs. Longley up—Mr. Smith, the oilman, came out—I said, "Mr. Smith, pray do not let him go, he is one of them"—he heard me say that—Mr. Smith took hold of him—he said, "How can I be one of them when I have picked the lady up?"—the little lads ran down Cannon-place opposite.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it Raven-row you saw them in? A. Yes—there are some trees there—when they came to the last tree they crossed over by the dead wall—they were in the road, and I stood at my father's gate—as they passed their sides were towards me—they walked all three abreast—the prisoner came from the dead-wall when I was crying out—as they passed me in the road their backs were towards me—the one who came from the wall was a yard or so from the other two—he turned round and looked at me as he spoke—he did not address me—I followed them to the corner, and then Mrs. Longley was just falling—the dead-wall is at the corner of Russell-street—it is the wall of Mr. Hooker's timber yard.





JANE BARTHRAM
. I live with my father in Raven-row, Mile-end. I was at the gate with my sister and saw Mrs. Longley pass—I saw three boys following—the prisoner was the tallest—I called my sister's attention to them—she left me at the gate and followed them.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you hear any words spoken? A. No, they passed by in the middle of the road all three abreast, and the old lady just in front—I did not see them part at all.

COURT. Q. Why do you speak positively to this lad? A. I noticed him particularly—Mr. Smith had him when the lady was picked up—he was the same I had seen with the two smaller lads.





STEPHEN WALKER
 (police-constable K 306.) I was on duty at Mile-end gate. I went to the corner of Russell-street, and found Mr. Smith holding the prisoner—I took charge of him—he said if he had stolen the lady's bag he would not have stopped to pick her up.

Cross-examined. Q. You found nothing on him? A. No, the other lads had gone.





JAMES RUSSELL
 (City police-constable, No. 474.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office (read)—I was present at the trial—he is the person then convicted.

Prisoner. It is false; I never was in this or any other court in my life.

Witness. I am certain of him—it was for stealing a handkerchief—he had one month imprisonment, the last week solitary.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

