



20. 




EDWARD YOXALL



, stealing 1 sheep, price 30s., the property of 



Henry Duckworth and others; having been before convicted.






HENRT DUCKWORTH.
 I am a salesman at Smithfield, and reside at Finhley. On Monday, 8th Nov., I had perhaps 1,000 sheep in Smithfield—twenty were in a particular pen—I missed one from that pen—the skin now produced (looking at it) I can identify as the skin of the sheep I then lost—it was the property of myself and brothers, and was worth 30s.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. I suppose in Smithfield-market it is not unusual for a person to buy a single sheep? A. Out of twenty it is

very unusual—we sell them by the lot—if we have a lame, or tried sheep, it is usual to sell it as an odd one.





WILLIAM CURNICK.
 I am a butcher, 10 Lower-street, Islington. On Monday afternoon, 8th Nov., I saw the prisoner in Smithfield—I saw him unfasten or unhasp the gate of a pen and let a sheep run out—there were twenty sheep in the pen before—he pushed it along before him up Long-lane, and there tied its legs—I went up, and he asked me to give him a lift up with it—I accused him of stealing it—he said he had not, and he would go back with me to the man he bough it of—I left a witness in charge of him while I went back to see whether he had bought it of Mr. Duckworth—I gave him information, and he missed the sheep.

Cross-examined. Q Did not he say he would go back with you into the market, sheep and all, and point out the man of whom he had purchased it? A. No—he said he would go back with me to the market to the man he had bought it of—I declined doing so, because, I knew he had bought it of no one.





JOHN STOPER.
 I live at Holloway, and am a drover to Messrs. Duckworth. I put twenty sheep of theirs into a pen in Smithfield on 8th Nov.—I afterwards went to Baldwin-street, City-road, and there saw a sheep in a truck at Mr. Pickford's door—it was a half-bred sheep, marked red on the head—I knew it to be one of the twenty I had put into the pen—it was brought back to Smithfield by a man named Matley, in whose possession I found it.

Cross-examined. Q. Who is the salesman to Mr. Duckworth? A. He sells for himself—he was Smithfield on this day.





THOMAS WILLIAM GOODING.
 On 8th Nov. I saw the prisoner at the Smithfield end of Long-lane with a sheep on his shoulder—its legs were tied—he put it down, took a piece of red ochre wrapped in paper from his pocket, and marked the sheep with two stripes down the back, and a stripe across—I came up, and the prisoner said he was willing to go back into the market to the salesman of whom he bough it—I remained to watch him, at Curnick's suggestion—the prisoner, after carrying the sheep a little further, drove it up Red Lion-yard, and escaped into Aldersgate-street.

Cross-examined. Q. And the sheep with him? A. Yes—he drove it before him—it went as fast as it could, on the trot—most likely I could have caught it.





EDWARD MAYNARD.
 I live at 7, Middle-row, Old-street. On 8th Nov., about one o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner and another man in Middle-row with a sheep—it was taken into a house in Starch-alley by a young woman—they went and fetched a truck and put the sheep into it—I met Stoper and told him of it—the prisoner ran away—the skin produced has the same mark as the sheep I saw.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was the prisoner when you say he ran away? A. In Old-street—he left the sheep—the other man went with the truck dawn Brick-land.





FREDERICK WHITE
 (City policeman, 5.) I saw the sheep in the truck, and took charge of it—I had it slaughtered—this is the skin of it.





FREDERICK WHITE
 (City policeman, 15.) I apprehended the prisoner at Mr. Pickford's, in Baldwin-street, on 8th of Nov.—I searched him at the station, and found this piece of red ochre paper in one of his pockets.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you find any money on him? A. No, only a knife and comb.






RICHHARD JOHN YOXALL.
 I am butcher, at 129, Whitecross-street—the prisoner is my brother. On Sunday, 7th Nov., he made a request of me, and on Monday morning I lent him 34s., between ten and eleven o'clock—he told me what he wanted it for.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-sergeant, G 20.) I produce a certificate which I got at Mr. Clark's office—I was present at the trial to which it refers, and know the prisoner to be the person who was then convicted—(read—Convicted Aug., 1846, of stealing meat, and confined one year.)




GUILTY. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

