




2108. 




JOHN PHILLIPS
 and 



ELLEN PHILLIPS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
4th of August, 1 tureen, value 5s.; 5 dishes, value 2s. 3d. 4 dish-covers, value 1s.; 2 plates, value 1s. 9d.; 2 plate-covers, value 3d.,; and 1 salt-cellar, value 3d.; the goods of 



Joseph Proud.






JOSEPH PROUD
. I am a china and glass dealer. I had a distress put into my house on the 4th of August—after that I lost my property—these tureens and other things produced are mine—I have marks on them to enable me to swear to them.





HENRY PICKFORD
. I live in the City-road. On Tuesday, the 4th of August, the prisoner John Phillips was put into Proud's premises to take possession and care of the property—on the following morning I was sent to to say that his wife was in prison, taken at half-past two o'clock in the morning, with a basket of crockery—I then took another man, removed John Phillips, and put him into custody—this crockery was in the house when he was put in—his wife could not have had it without his knowing it.





WILLIAM ROGERS
 (police-constable G 46.) About two o'clock in the morning I was on duty in Golden-lane, and about 200 yards from the prosecutor's I saw Ellen Phillips, with a large bundle under her arm—I asked what she had got—she said, "Nothing particular"—I again asked her—she said if I came to a lamp-post she would allow me to look—she was going by the lamp-post—I caught hold of her arm, and saw it was earthenware and glass—I asked where she got them, she said over the water at her daughter's—I asked where her daughter lived, she did not know—she knew it was over London-bridge—I took her into custody.





JOHN KERSHAW
 (police-constable G 123.) I apprehended John Phillips—he said, on going to the station, that if she had taken them they must have been concealed in the yard.

COURT
to
JOSEPH PROUD. Q. Where were these things left? A. In the shop—John Phillips would be in the shop.





HENRY PICKFORD

re-examined. The goods were in the shop and parlour adjoining—they could not be taken out without his seeing them.

John Phillips's Defence. The prosecutor never saw me on the premises—he left-on Monday, and I went on Tuesday.

JOHN PHILLIPS—


GUILTY
. Aged 41.—


Transported for Seven Years.

ELLEN PHILLIPS—


NOT GUILTY
.
