



1178. 



WILLIAM MORTIMER
 was indicted

 for stealing 3 ladles, value 5l.; 13 spoons, 13l.; 16 forks, 14l.; and 1 sugar-sifter, 3l.; the goods of 



Maria Travers, in her dwelling-house; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN DALY
. I am in the employment of Mr. Dawson, a baker, of Clapham-common—on Friday, the 17th of April, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Clarence-road, Clapham New-park, and saw the prisoner walking about Mrs. Travers' door, in the Clarence-road, looking about the doors and windows, and presently he walked up on the grating—there was a window over the grating—it was a very little bit open—he turned round, saw me, and waved his left hand to me twice at the doorway—before that I saw him lift the window up higher, he then turned round and waved his hand to me—I then went on to the corner of the gate and stood there watching him—he could not see me there—I saw him get in at the window—I could not see whether he had anything with him—I saw some ladies sitting at a win-dow which was on the other side of the door—as soon as I saw him get in at the window I went by the gate, and in at the farther gate—I met the footboy in the yard and told him what I had seen—he went into the house to give the alarm—I was going out and saw the prisoner run by the gate—he was two or three yards from me then—I could see him distinctly—I am quite sure the prisoner is the person—I took notice of his dress and general appearance.





JAMES WALKER
. I was butler to Mrs. Travers at this time—on Friday, the 17th of April, in the afternoon, the footboy gave me information which led me into the dining-room, and from the sideboard I missed four sil-ver table-spoons, eight dessert-spoons, ten table-forks, eight dessert-forks, one gravy-spoon, two sauce-ladles, and a silver sugar-sifter—I had seen them safe at half-past three o'clock, half an hour before this happened—they were worth above 35l.—the sideboard was in the room, the window of which was partly

open—it opens on a wall on one side of the door—the ladies were sitting it another room on the other side of the door—the room described is the room the plate was in—the plate was worth 35l. at an under value.





MARIA TRAVERS
. I am a widow, and live in Clapham New-park—on Friday, the 17th of April, about half-past three o'clock, I was at home—I had a lady sitting with me—she is now in the country—I had occasion to cross the hall between three and four, and noticed the prisoner standing outside upon the gravel-walk at the entrance hall-door—X supposed him to be a servant and made inquiry of my friend—he could not hear that—I noticed him particularly—I thought he looked in a very saucy way at me, which led me to inquire who he was, and shortly afterwards I heard my plate was gone—I saw the prisoner in custody on Monday, the 27th, and have no doubt he is the man—I bare never recovered my plate—my house is in the parish of Clapham.





ROBERT CANNON
 (police-constable P 59.) On the 27th of April the prisoner was given into my custody on another charge—from the description the boy gave of the man who was seen getting in at Mrs. Travers' window, the moment I saw him I suspected him to be the party—the boy had described his clothes, the colour of his hair, and everything very particularly—I told him he answered the description of the person who was seen on the premisei of Mrs. Travers where the plate was stolen—he said he was not the man, and knew nothing about it—I took him to Mrs. Travers' house—when she saw him she said he was very much like the man, and when he turned his side face she said she was positive he was the man—the butler showed me a chair-cover where his footmarks were left, in getting in at the window—I took the prisoner's shoe and matched it, and found it corresponded with the mark-here it is—when I did that I told the prisoner I believed him to be the man—he made no answer at all—I sent for Daly—when he saw him he immediately identified him—he made some remark on the prisoner's clothes, and the prisoner said, "Will you swear this is the coat I had on at that time?"—he said, "I will not swear to the coat, but I swear you are the man"—I took him to the station, and found two latch-keys and a door-key upon him.





HENRY MOULTON
 (police-constable P 40.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from the office of Mr. Straight, the clerk of Assize for the Home Circuit—(read—Convicted March, 1842, and transported for seven years)—I had the prisoner in custody—he is the person to whom the certificate refers.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Recorder.

