



1121. 




JOSEPH PORTER
, was indicted

for feloniously assaulting 



Ann Storey, on the 
4th of February, putting her in corporal fear and danger of her life, and stealing from her person, and against her will, 1 bag, value 2s. 6d.; 1 purse, value 18d.; 1 handkerchief, value 5s.; 1 pencil-case, value 1s.; 1 tablet, value 6d.; 9 shillings, 2 sixpences, I half-crown, 1 sixpence, and 2 pieces of foreign silver coin, value 2s.; her property; and before, at the time of, and immediately after the said robbery, striking, beating, and using other personal violence to her.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






ANN STOREY
. I am single, and at present reside at No. 10, Pine Apple-place, Edgeware-road, at my brother-in-law's. On the 4th of February, I and Miss Wright went to Madame Tussaud's exhibition—we left there at twenty minutes to nine o'clock, and got near Bell-street, Edgeware-road, a few minutes before nine—when we got to the end of Bell-street, I felt something pulling at me—I did not at first think it was my bag, but I found it was, and I felt somebody pulling me down Bell-street—my bag was twisted round my wrist—I was carrying it in front of ray waist—I was dragged a yard or two down Bell-street—I screamed violently, "My bag," and after I screamed I was felled to the ground by a blow in my back, and when down, I received a kick in my back front the effects of which I am suffering very much, and have been under medical treatment ever since—I saw a face when I was knocked down, which I have no doubt at all was the prisoner's—my bag gave way, and then I was on my back—I saw the man's face both before and after I was down—I have the strings of the bag here—the bag gave way from the sewing—it contained the money and articles described in the indictment—the prisoner ran up Bell-street.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Though you speak to the best of your belief, you do not swear positively the prisoner is the man? A. To the best of my belief he is the man.

COURT. Q. Have you any doubt? A. Not any—I did not see him again till the 17th of the month—I was unable to attend before—I was confined to my bed—he was then in custody.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you address any letter to the Magistrate? A. Not any—I did not cause any letter to be written.





SUSANNAH LANE WRIGHT
. On Thursday, the 4th of February, I was in company with Miss Storey, returning from Madame Tussaud's, just before nine o'clock in the evening—when we got opposite Bell-street, Miss Storey had her arm in mine—I felt some person dragging her—I turned round, and at the crossing of Bell-street, I saw a man pulling at Miss

Storey's bag—before I got to her assistance, the man had knocked her down, and then he obtained her bag, and ran down Bell-street—he was a man about the prisoner's height—he wore a round cap—I was very frightened—I did not take sufficient notice to say whether he had a coat or jacket on.





WILLIAM CHEVELL
. I am the driver of an omnibus, and live in Earl-street, Lisson-grove. On the 4th of February I was standing at the corner of Bell-street, and saw two ladies pass me—I saw three men pass me, close by them, and in one moment I heard a lady scream—I turned round to see what it was, and saw a man stumble over her, and heard the lady say, "He has got my bag"—the man ran down Bell-street into Burn-street—I ran after him—I did not see the man's face—he had a jacket and round cap on—I did not see the front of it—I believe the other man ran up Edgeware-road, but I only ran after this one man—I lost sight of him in Burn-street.





ANN CATHERINE MANNING
. I live in one of my father's houses—he is a builder—he has a very great many houses—a family named Porter lives in one of them—the prisoner is one of the family of the Porters, who inhabit one of the houses—I was near Bell-street one evening, early in February—I remember two ladies, one of them screaming out—I was a little distance from Edge ware-road, in Bell-street—I heard the scream, and ran back—I saw one of the Porters running from her down towards Burn-street—I cannot speak positively to its being the prisoner—he had a round cap and a jacket on, but it so alarmed me that I cannot speak positively as to who—whether it was him, but it was one of the Porters.

Cross-examined. Q. Is the brother of the prisoner very much like him? A. There is so striking a likeness that I would not speak positively.





ELIZA CHEETHAM
. I live with my mother, who goes out washing. I lived in Bell-street when this robbery was committed—I was in Bell-street at the time the lady screamed out, and after she had screamed out I saw a man running down Burn-street—I do not know where the Porters lived—I have seen them coming down Bell-street—I know them by sight—I did not see a policeman for ten minutes after—I saw one then—I did not tell him any thing—I saw Leonard and Manning—I did not tell them any thing—I do not know who the man was that ran down Bell-street—I saw his clothes, that is all I saw.

Cross-examined. Q. Did they afterwards produce a cap to you which was found? A. They showed me a brown cap at High-street—that was not the cap the man had on that struck the lady, it was a blue cap.





JOHN MANNING
. I am a policeman. In consequence of information I received, I made inquiry about the prisoner—I saw the witness Cheetham, and received some information from her, in consequence of which I looked out for the prisoner—the sergeant apprehended him.





WILLIAM LEONARD
. I am a policeman. I was on duty in Burn-street on this evening, and saw the prisoner come by, running—as near as I can judge, it was six or seven minutes past nine o'clock—he crossed from Burn-street into Bell-street, going towards his own home—I did not see him in Born-street, but crossing from across Burn-street—he lives in Little James-street which leads Out of Bell-street—after getting into Burn-street, it would be necessary to get into Bell-street to get to his home—it was in a direct way—he was dressed in a dark jacket and trowsers, an apron, and cap—about eleven o'clock that night I was with my brother officers, and went to

the Sun public-house, in Lisson-street, about fifty yards off—we found the prisoner there, and took him into custody—he then had the dress on which he has now, a long coat, and a bat on his head—the sergeant asked him if he had a blue jacket, and cap, and apron on that evening—he said he had not the whole day.





GEORGE ROGERS
. I am a police-sergeant. I went with Leonard to the Son public-house—I asked the prisoner if he had been dressed in a jacket and cap that evening—he said no, he had not, that he was dressed in the same dress all day as he was then dressed in—I told him that whatever he said would be given in evidence, either for or against him, and said, "Are you sure of that?"—he said, "Yes"—I took him to the station, searched him, but found nothing—I searched his room after he was locked up, and found this cap and some pewter pots.

Cross-examined. Q. That is the brown cap which was shown to Cheethara? A. Yes.





GEORGE HEALEY
. I am a policeman. I was on duty on the evening of the 4th of February, in Lisson-street, from five to a quarter-past-five o'clock—I know the Porters, I was near their residence—I know the prisoner well, and his brothers—I had some conversation with the prisoner, and passed on—four or five minutes afterwards I saw him again in company, arm-in-arm with two more, named Self and Broker, about a hundred and fifty yards further on in the same street, going towards Chapel-street, which leads into Edgeware-road—he was dressed in a blue jacket and a dark round cap.

JURY. Q. Do you know the prisoner well from his brothers? A. I do know him well, and his brothers—I am sure I saw him dressed in a blue cap and brown jacket, arm-in-arm with two men, and I spoke to him.

Q. Do you remember the dress of the brothers that afternoon? A. The dress of the brother most like him, which is Henry, was a light jacket, and the other had a fustian coat—neither of them had dark jackets.

COURT. Q. Had either of them a cap? A. I do not think they had.




GUILTY
.* Aged 24.—


Transported for Life.—(See page 917.)
