



397. 




JAMES DARKS
 was indicted

for embezzling and stealing 1s., 2d., and 1 1/2 d., the monies of 



Thomas James Davies, his master; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






GEORGE RICHARDSON
. I live in High-street, Kensington, and am a cutler. I deal with Mr. Davies for beer, and the prisoner used to bring it—on Wednesday, the 16th of Dec., he brought me some beer—I received it—I paid him 1 1/2 d. for it, and I asked him if any thing was owing—he said, "No"—I am certain I paid it him.

Prisoner. He never paid me a farthing.





WILLIAM BEDSOR
. I live at the Terrace, in High-street, Kensington. I deal with Mr. Davies for beer—the prisoner used to bring it every Monday—on the 8th of Dec. I paid the prisoner 1s. 2d. for beer for Mr. Davies—I paid it him myself.

Prisoner. He did not pay me a farthing.





THOMAS JAMES DAVIES
. I keep the King of Prussia public-house at

Kensington—the prisoner was in my service, and used to deliver out beer, and to receive the money—it was his duty, immediately upon his return home, to band the money to me—Mr. Richardson dealt with me for beer, and on the 16th of Dec. was indebted to me, as I imagined, something more than 15s.—I never received that from him—the prisoner never accounted to me for anything he received from Mr. Richardson, only in the early part of his service—he did not, about the 16th of Dec., pay me any money as received from him—he lived in my house, and was apprehended in my house—he did not pay me any money as received from Mr. Bedsor for several weeks—he never paid me the 1s. 2d.—I never spoke to him about Mr. Bedsor's or Mr. Richardson's money—here is a bill which was found upon the prisoner by the constable—it is a bill I gave him, for the purpose of delivering it to Mr. Richardson—the whole amount Mr. Bedsor was indebted to me was a trifle more than 8s.—the prisoner was apprehended on the 17th of Dec.—I had seen him at my own house many times between the 8th of Dec. and the 17th—he never paid me the money paid to him by Mr. Bedsor on the 8th, nor ever accounted for it—I saw him on the 16th—he did not pay me the money he had received from Mr. Richardson, nor say anything about it—he had paid me money received from Mr. Richardson before, but not for seven weeks before he was apprehended.





JAMES CLARK
 (police-sergeant T 13.) I took the prisouer on the 17th of Dec.—I found on him this bill to Mr. Richardson—he said nothing to me.

Prisoner. He never found this bill on me; he never took it up to the Magistrate till the Friday.





GEORGE RICHARDSON

re-examined. I never saw this bill till it was in the officer's hand—the prisoner never produced it to me.

Prisoners Defence. Mr. Davies said I never paid him any money; I have paid him money several times; I paid him money the day before I was taken.





THOMAS SWAINE
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted 4th March, 1844. and confined six months)—the prisoner is the person—I was in the police at the time—the prisoner has been several times in custody, and convicted summarily.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

