



345. 




CATHERINE DRISCOLL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
26th of Dec, 6 shillings and 1 sixpence, the monies of 



Henry Hubbard, from his person; and that she had been before convicted of felony.







HENRY HUBBARD.
 I am storekeeper to Mr. Wright, at Wapping—I got drunk on the 26th of Dec.—I had had 17s. or 17s. 6d. in shillings and sixpences in my pocket—I went to sleep, and when I awoke I was in a lock-up house, and my money was gone.





HENRY LOVELL
. I live in Brook street, Ratcliffe. On the 26th of Dec. I saw Mr. Hubbard at the corner of Devonport-street—he fell down—the prisoner came up to him, wiped his eyes, and picked him up, and then she felt his pocket—she took some money out and counted it—there was 6s. 6d.—she was going to put it in her bosom—I hallooed out, "Pull the man's money out, and put it into his pocket"—she pulled her hand out of her bosom, closed, and put it into his pocket—she pulled it out and said, "Now it is in"—I said, "I don't think it is"—he was then going on, and she was going with him—a Mr. Wiseman came up and said, "Where are you going?"—the prisoner said, "To No. 4, Vinegar-lane"—he said, "He shan't go there, you are going to rob him;" and he said to a boy, "Go for the policeman"—the prisoner lifted Mr. Hubbard's waistcoat, and looked at his watch and said, "It is right"—I saw her take 6s. 6d. from his trowsers' pocket, some coppers from his right-hand waistcoat pocket, and some coins from the left.

Prisoner. He asked me to take him home, and I said I was going to take him to No. 4, Vinegar-lane.

Witness. I did not hear him.





ROBERT WISEMAN
. On the 26th of Dec, between four and five o'clock, I saw Mr. Hubbard lying down, and the prisoner standing over him—she said she wanted to get him to No. 4, Vinegar-lane—I said, she should not take him there, for he would be robbed—she said, if I said anything she would charge me with robbing him—I said I would get a policeman—she ran off, and I followed her—she took something from her bosom, and gave it to a man—she then turned and struck me under the left ear, because I was looking after a policeman—she ran up and down, and ran to a house in Three Cup-alley—I stopped there till a boy got a policeman—I told a boy to mind which way the man went that the prisoner had given something to, but he lost him.





JAMES GILBERT
. I saw Mr. Hubbard lying down, and the prisoner standing alongside of him—Mr. Wiseman said to her, "Where are you going to take him?"—she said, "To No. 4, Vinegar-lane"—he said, "You shall not; you mean to rob him"—he said to me, "Go get a policeman"—I went, but could not find one—then he said, "I will go"—the prisoner then ran away—I and a lot more boys got Mr. Hubbard to the station—we did not know where he lived.





EDWARD CASSIDY
 (police-constable K 238.) The prosecutor was brought to the station-house in an insensible state—there was 1s. 6d. found on him—I went to Three Cup-alley, and found the prisoner in a room—I said I would take her for robbing a man of 6s. 6d.—she said she would accompany me, but she knew nothing of the money—a man named Mahoney, to whom Mr. Wiseman saw her hand something, was in the room with her—I took them both.

Prisoner's Defence. He asked me to take him home; I told him I did not wish to take him home, for fear he had any money; he said, "No, I have not, but I have my watch;" I said, "Take care of that;" I was taking him; Wiseman came and said, "You have robbed him of 6s. 6d., give me 3s., and I will say nothing;" I said, "I am not worth 3s.; "I

was going on after one of my children; Wiseman followed me end said, if I did not give him 3s. I should be sorry for it; it is not likely that I should take 6s. 6d. from the man's pocket, and leave his watch and more money behind, and that I should count the money before the boys.





HENRY HUBBARD
. I had no coins in any of my pockets, that I know of—I had coppers in both my waistcoat pockets, and my silver was in my trows rs.





WILLIAM PLOWRIGHT
 (police-constable K 84.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read—Convicted 29th Nov., 5th Vict.)—the prisoner is the person—she had one year's imprisonment.




GUILTY
.— Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.

