



1056. 




JOHN DOBSON
 was indicted

 for feloniously and sacrilegiously stealing, on the 
12th of February, in the parish church of 
St. Marylebone, 5 keys, value 5s.; 5 candlesticks, value 5s.; and 2 pieces of wash-leather, 2d.; the goods of the churchwardens of the said parish: 8 half-crowns, the money of 



John Hume Spry, clerk: 1 seal, 1s.; 60 pence, and 100 half-pence, the goods of 



William Tookey: 1 scarf, 4s.; 1 brooch, 4s.; and 1 bag, 1s.; the goods of 



David Wood, clerk: and afterwards burglariously and sacrilegiously breaking out of the said church.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






MICHAEL MOLONEY
 (police-constable D 122.) On the night of the 12th of April) about a quarter past one o'clock, I saw the prisoner in Park-crescent—I saw him go down the area steps of No. 29—he remained there about half an hour—when he came back I followed him across the road and took him into custody—he said he merely went down there to rest himself, that he was a respectable man, and he would give his name and address if that would do—I said that would not do, he must come with me to the station-house, and name it there—I took him to the station, searched him, and found in his pocket twelve keys, five of which have been identified as belonging to Marylebone church, this instrument, which is a hammer, crow-bar, and wrench all in one, two pieces of wash-leather, and a lucifer match—one of the pieces of wash-leather has a red wax seal on it, and an impression of the letter T—the prisoner said the keys belonged to the granaries and cyder-cellars in the docks—he said he lived in Palace, New-road—he said at first that he was a gentleman's servant, then an accountant, and then an accountant's clerk.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You ascertained that nothing had been wrong at the place where you found him? A. Yes—he said the whole of the keys belong to the granaries and cyder-cellars at the docks—they were all fastened together at the time—at least four large ones and a small one belonging to the church were tied together—he did not point out any keys in particular.





SARAH GRADY
. I am one of the pewopeners of the parish church of St. Marylebone. On the afternoon of the 12th of Feb., there was a baptism there at four o'clock—it was over between four and five—I secured every door before I left, which was before five—as far as I know, there was nobody in the church—there are five outer doors to the church, but they are

not all opened every day—I came out of the door in High-street, which I double-locked—there are three doors leading out into the New-road—the end door of those three I locked—I did not look at the middle door—he it the business of the bell-puller to look to that—it was shut when I came away—I had seen it some time before I left—it is never opened except for funerals and on Sundays—the end door which I locked is open everyday—that door was opened for the baptism in question, and I locked it when it was over—I also locked the western door, which is inside the end door—there is an inner door between them, which I also locked—when you go through that door, you can go up the church to the vestry door, and that I double locked—there are only two doors open in the week, the end centre door, and the High-street door, both of which I locked—I took away the keys with me—on Thursday morning, the 13th of Feb., at eight o'clock, I went to the church, and tried to get in at the High-street door, but could not do so—my key went in, but I could not turn it—I then went round to the New-road doors, and found the middle door open, the lock lying an the step, and a piece of string tied to it—I do not know where the other end of the string was—I went to the vestry, and found the door forced open—the lock was still on the door, and the chain were all ie confusion—I found two of the desks loeks broken, and the lock of a box in a closet—I do not know what was kept in the desks—they belonged to the deck—I missed five brazen candlesticks which I had left safe overnight—I know nothing of these wash-leathers—I went to the clerk, and then to Mary Ann Cook, the vestry-woman.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You have never seen the candlesticks since? A. No—I locked the end door fronting the New-road inside before I came out—there were two outside doors that I did not lock.





MARY ANN COOK
. I am vestry-woman of the parish church of St. Marylebone. On the morning of the 13th of Feb. I heard of the robbery, and went to the church—there was a box in the vestry-room, in which I kept the wax candles—I found the lock of that box broken right off—I missed two wash-leathers from the cupboard in the vestry-room, also a bag, containing a hood and scarf belonging to the Rev. Mr. Wood, the curate—when I lost the wash-leathers, there was no seal with a T on it on them—I cannot speak to the two pieces produced—they are rather disfigured—they have formed one piece—I have examined them—they are the tame size as one of the pieces I lost, but neither of those I lost had any teal on them.

Cross-examined. Q. You cannot say that this one was yours? A. No—mine were clean—it is about the same size—I had never measured mine—it is such a one as I lost.





WILLIAM TOOKEY
. I am deputy-clerk and sexton of St. Marylebone. I was in the church during the performance of the baptism on the 12th of Feb.—there are five outer doors to the church—it is not usual, on baptismal services to have more than two doors open, the side door, fronting the New-road, and the High-street door—sometimes the vestry-door is open, as the clergyman frequently comes in at that door—I cannot remember whether he did that day—I left at a quarter past four o'clock, leaving the pew-opener closing the church—it is her custom to lock the doors—I merely locked up the strong room, and the desks in the vestry, not the outer doors—on the following day I went to the church, in consequence of

information—I found the middle door, looking into the New-road, open, and the lock, which had evidently been wrenched off, lying on the ground—it could not have been wrenched off from the outside—the screws were drawn, a part of the lock, through which the bolt passes, was screwed on for more security to the side of the door—it comes round the door, and fixes down with a plate—that plate was left on, showing that the lock must have been forced off with considerable violence, and from within—I went to the High-street door and found a screw taken from the lock, and placed in the keyhole—I found a chisel by the side of the lock that was taken off the front entrance—on entering the church I went to the vestry, and found the inner vestry-room door, opening from the church, forced open—I found the outer vestry-room door perfectly safe, and locked—there were marks of a chisel on the inner door—I saw the inspector compare the chisel found with the marks, and they appeared to agree—two desks had been forced—I missed from a wooden box in my desk about eight half-crowns, belonging to the rector, the Rev. John Hume Spry, and about 10s. of copper-money of my own from a wooden-bowl—a small seal was taken from my desk, with the initial T engraved on it—five brass candlesticks were also taken, and some wash-leather, but I know nothing about that—the impression upon this wash-leather appears to be an impression from my seal, but it was not put there by me—there are many seals alike—I know the seal now produced from a piece of blotting paper between the handle and the brass part, which I put there to make it tight, as it was loose—it was there when I lost it—I told the officer of it before he produced it to me, and when it was produced it had the blotting paper in it—these five keys belong to Marylebone church—one is the key of the money-box, from which the half-crowns were stolen, and one of the entrance to the vaults, one of the church-door, and one of the church gates—they were taken from the bunch which were on a brass chain—the chain was cut, and these taken from it, except the key of the money-box.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you put the blotting-paper in? A. Some time ago—I have had the seal six years—it is a very common seal, but you seldom see them round—I speak to it more particularly from the blotting-paper round it, but I know it from constant use—the keys were in a desk in the vestry-room—nothing has been taken but the things stated—there has been no attempt to rob the church since.





WILLIAM REDDING
. I am one of the beadles af the parish of St. Marylebone. about nine o'clock on Thursday morning, the 13th of Feb., I went to the church and met Tookey there—I found a screw taken out of the High-street door, and put into the key-hole—I knocked it out—I afterwards went to the front door, and traced some footsteps of a boy and a man over a low wall towards Nottingham-mews—I cannot say that I traced them from the front door, there were several steps there, but from the vestry door to the wall there were the footsteps of a man and a boy, and no others.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you try the shoes of any of the persons connected with the church? A. No—information was given to the police—they were snow impressions.

COURT. Q. Then you did not trace any footsteps near the front door facing the New-road? A. No—there were plenty of footsteps there, because persons come backwards and forwards right through into High-street.






ELIZABETH STARK
. I live at No. 21, Palace, New-road, Lambeth. On the 2nd of April the prisoner took a lodging at my house, and remained until the 11 th—he told me that morning that he should not he able to settle his account, and he quitted—he brought this little seal with him, when he came—I have seen him use it frequently, and when he left he left it behind him—a few days after he came I had a candlestick on the table, that was bent—he complained of it, and said he had two pairs of brass candlesticks, and would sell me a pair when be brought his goods and chattels to my house, which would be in a few days, he would show mt£ what he had to sell—I delivered the seal to Inspector Tedman on the Monday following.

Cross-examined. Q. No candlesticks were produced? A. No.





JOHN TEDMAN
 (police-inspector.) I have produced the seal and the screw, that was in the key-hole—it was taken out by the beadle—the lock was evidently taken off from within—the whole was done from within—in my, judgment there was no means of getting out, except by the taking off this, centre door-lock—putting the screw in the key-hole of the High-street door would prevent any one unlocking it, and give the parties time to get out at, the front—the marks on the vestry-door, in my judgment, were made by this chisel which was found—it is a mortice chisef—I have seen such an instrument as the one produced in the bands of persons who have committed burglaries—they are also used by persons in trade, to fasten down small hoops in sugar or batter casks—I have applied one of these keys found to the vestry door, and it fits—the other locks were plugged at my recommendation.

Cross-examined. Q. When were you first consulted about this robbery? A. The same day, the 13th of Feb.

MRS. STARK
re-examined. The prisoner had left ray lodging on the Saturday morning—he said he was sorry he could not pay me then, but would return between nine and ten o'clock on Sunday morning aad do so—I never saw him again—he was taken into custody that Sunday morniog—the seal, some writing-paper, and a few envelopes, was all he left behind him—I did not expect him to come hack to lodge with me—he sent me a letter to say he should not.




GUILTY
. Aged 48.—


Transported for Ten Years.

