



1821. 



JEREMIAH MOYNAHAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
1st of July, 1 box, value 4d.; 9 gowns, value 2l. 18s.; 3 petticoats, value 9s.; 1 shift, value 2s.; 2 aprons, value 3d.; 1 pair of stays, value 3s.; 5 pairs of stockings, value 5s.; 2 bed-gowns, value 4s.; 8 caps, value 8s.; 8 printed books, value 16s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 3s.; 1 yard of linen, value 3s.; 1 medal, value 2d.; 1 watch-key, value 2d.; and 1 breast-pin, value 5s.; the goods of 



Mary Madden.






MARY MADDEN
. I live at my uncle's, in New-street, Commercial-road. I came to London from Cork by a steamer, on the 1st of July—I came on shore between half-past six and seven o'clock—I had a square deal box—I saw the prisoner on the stairs at Wappihg—I was agreeing with a boy to take my box for 1s., and the prisoner came up and offered to take it for

6d.—I let him take it—it contained the articles stated, which were worth above 5l.—I asked him where Samuel-street, Commercial-road, was—he said he knew it, and he would show me—I was with him nearly an hour, and then suddenly I missed him—I was asking a girl where Samuel-street was, at the time, and he passed on—I found out my uncle's house—I was afterwards with the police in St. Giles's, when the prisoner was apprehended—I have since seen a broken gold ring, a medal, and a watch-key, which I know.

Prisoner. You told me it was No. 10, Daniel-street. Witness. I told him Samuel-street, and asked him if he knew Providence-street, which I understood was next to it—he said he did know it—he took me to several places.





JOHN NORTH
 (police-constable H 90.) On the 1st of July the prosecutrix came to me at the station-house in St. Giles's, and took me to Buckeridge-street, where I saw the prisoner—her uncle was with her—she gave the prisoner in charge for stealing her box—he denied having seen her at all, or her box—at the station-house I found a medal, a gold breastpin, a watch-key, a duplicate, a handkerchief, and a tobacco-box on him—he then said he had left the box at the corner of a street, in the possession of the prosecutrix, and that she and the box were gone when he came back.

Prisoner. I told him when I got to the station-house I would tell him all about it. Witness. He did not—he said he knew nothing at all about the box.





JOHN CORCORAN
. I live in Glasshouse-street, Rosemary-lane. On the 1st of July I saw the prosecutrix in East Smithfield, in company with the prisoner, who was carrying a box—I knew her and told the prisoner she was a townswoman—he said he was going to No. 10, Samuel-street, Commercial-road.

Prisoner. She said so herself. Witness. She said she wanted to go to No. 10, Samuel-street, Commercial-road, and he said he knew it—the prosecutrix and her uncle afterwards found me—I went with them to St. Giles's, and met the prisoner—I asked him where the box was—he said he knew nothing of it—I told him that he did, and that he should give it up—he then said he had left it by the roadside.

Prisoner. You knew where I lived. Witness. I did not—it was about twenty minutes after six when I met them with the box.





MARY MADDEN

re-examined. I missed him about half-past seven o'clock—this is my handkerchief, also this brass medal and this broken gold pin—(looking at them.)

Prisoner's Defence. She kept me a whole hour looking for the place; I was tired of carrying the box, and I laid it down and turned the corner to make water, and when I came back she was gone, and the box too; I told her if she gave me the direction I would find it, but she kept walking about and giving me the wrong name of the street; there was no such street as Daniel-street; I picked up the duplicate in the street.





MARY MADDEN

re-examined. He did not ask if I was wrong in the name of the street—when I lost him he was about two streets off Samuel-street.




GUILTY
. Aged.—


Transported for Seven Years.
