



1448. 




CONSTANTINE ASQUETH



, feloniously forging and uttering a receipt for 1200 quarters of wheat, with intent to defraud 



George Leese.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN LEESE
. I am clerk to George Leese, a shipbroker, of Crutched—friars. On 16th April, between twelve and one in the day, the prisoner came—I had never seen him before—he said, "I am Captain Brandt, of the Russia;" that she was a bran new vessel belonging to Russia; that he had left her a short distance below Gravesend; that he had on previous occasions employed Messrs. Sach, Bremer, and Co.; also Messrs. Capperdike and Schleudau, but was dissatisfied with the manner in which they transacted his business, and therefore this time intended to employ Mr. Leese as his broker, and that he was not anxious to report his vessel that day; indeed he could I not, as he had not got the certificate with him; that his object in leaving the ship below Gravesend was that he would first come to London and place his papers in our hands; that he was going to Bristol to visit a young lady there, to whom he was on the point of being married; and he would return next day about twelve o'clock to report his vessel—he produced bills of lading, and a manifest of the cargo on board—he produced this bill of lading, and particularly drew my attention to an indorsement on it in German—I believe this to be a correct translation—(this was signed C. Brandt, acknowledging the receipt of 1200 quarters of wheat, dated 1st Feb., 1849, and was endorsed, "Should the captain on arrival find no order, he is bound to sell the wheat for my account at the best possible price, for which he is to receive 1 1/2 per cent, commission and freight, and remit me the proceeds, 5s. per quarter. W. Cruzinski.")—this is the manifest he handed me, containing the whole of the cargo—he said perhaps there might be letters for him at Messrs. Sach, Bremer, and Co.'s, and in my presence wrote an order requesting them to deliver to the bearer any letters they might have for him—I sent one of our young men with it, and he brought back two letters, which the prisoner read, and put into his pocket—he asked whether we could recommend him to a respectable man to copper his vessel—we told him we could—he requested our advice as to which dock he should put her into on her coming up, which he expected would be the day following—the West India and Commercial Docks were named, but nothing was set—tied—he expressed his intention to start for Bristol as soon as possible to see the lady, and asked when the next train would go—we sent for "Bradshaw's Guide," and found it would be two o'clock—he then said, "J want a little money"—I asked how much he would require—he said 25l.—we are in the habit of making advances to captains—I gave him twenty-five sovereigns, the

bills of lading and manifest remaining with me, I should not have thought of parting with them—I wrote this receipt, and he signed it, and told me to debit his account with the "Bradsbaw's Guide"—he shook hands with me and said "God bless you"—I never saw him again till he was in custody, about the 15th or 16th of May—I have searched the official list at the Custom House, and find no such vessel as the Russia was at Gravesend during the whole of April.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Have you made inquiries at Graves end? A. No—I know Sach, Bremer, and Co. perfectly well—there was nothing in his leaving them and coming to us—captains are very changeable.





JACOB WENDT
. I translated these two bills of lading, and the ship's manifest—they are correct.





HENRY LENSKO
. I am living at Poplar, and am a merchant of Memel and countryman of the prisoner's; his name is Peter Henry Schceffler—I have received letters from him—this "C. Brandt" to this bill of lading for the wheat is his writing, and so is this "Cruzinski" to the endorsement—this name, "Moxila," to this foreign bill of Exchange for 400 golden dollars (looking it) is his, but it is a little imitated, and this endorsement of "Schmidt" also—they are all in German—this acceptance is his writing, but it is a little imitated; part is his genuine writing; I believe the whole to be written by him—there was such a house as Cruzinski and Co. in the year 1828, but not now—the endorsement and acceptance of "Van Bye and Co." to this other bill is also his—it is a little imitated, because he would not make them the same.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you ever see him write? A. Yes, ten times or so, when he has given me receipts for money he has had from me—it is about six years since I saw any of his writing—I do not know such a firm a "Bruzinski"—I am a merchant and English Consul—I have been away two years, and left my wife and family—I did not run away through debt, nor mean to do it, or I could not have my passport—I have been back to Liebell which is close to Memel—I did not go there, my wife and children came to me—I came here on business, and have been in Dalston hospital nearly three months—I was not a bankrupt—I paid 50 per cent.—I owe the prisoner nothing.





THEODORE SCHLUTON
. I am a shipbroker, and know the prisoner; his name is Peter Henry Schceffler. I have not seen him write, but have had letters from him—I believe this manifest, the bill of lading, and the endorsement, to be his writing—I believe this bill of exchange for 400 dollars is his writing imitated—I know the writing of the firm purporting to be the acceptors—it" a forgery—it is signed "Moila;" it does not look like theirs—this acceptance, "Van Bye, and Co.," is not theirs, but an imitation—I have corresponded with them, and know them personally.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you had conversation with the prisoner on this subject of any of the letters from him? A. Yes.





CHARLES PLAXTON
. I am a member of the house of Philipstall, Plaxton and Co., of Kingston-upon-Hull, shipbrokers. On 14th March, the prisoner came and said, "I am Captain Schmidt, of the Frien, lying in the Waynfleet roads" (that is on the coast of Lincoln) bound from Windeau to Liverpool, and have been obliged to put in, in consequence of the loss of my anchor and cable and have come down to Hull to try to raise 60l. to refit myself, to enable to proceed on my voyage;" that he had written to Messrs. Barr, Berens, and Co., of Liverpool for 60l., but his vessel was lying in a dangerous situation, and he would feel obliged if we would discount him a bill for 400 golden

dollars, which had been paid to him by the Elsinore house, by whom it had been endorsed—it was endorsed to Captain Schmidt—he said the drawer was a rich merchant at Bremen, and the acceptors were a banking-house at Amsterdam—I gave him 65l. 7s., and he endorsed this bill to me in my presence—63l. 9s. 3d. is the full value—he gave me a memorandum for the balance—he said he expected a letter from Mr. Bairnbairn, of Liverpool, remitting him 60l., and authorised us to open it in his absence—it came, and we opened it, and found we could not get the money—the bill was protested and I noted—I wrote to the supposed drawer, Moella and Co., and the letter was returned through the dead letter office.





JOHN NORTHEN
. I keep a coffee and chop-house in Clifford's Inn passage. In April, the prisoner came and said he had been there before—I did not recollect him—he remained about four days, contracted a small debt, which he paid, and left me to go to Hoi beach, in Lincolnshire—he came again in May, and handed me a bill for 1,000 silver roubles, and asked if I could get it cashed—I said I would try, but heard something about him, and gave information—I have seen him write, and believe the bill to be his writing, and the manifest also—I saw him write the endorsement "Asqueth" on this bill.





ADOLPHUS LINDGREEN
, Jun. I am a merchant of Crown-court, Old Broad-street. Wohrman and Son, of Riga, are correspondents of mine—the acceptance to this bill for 1,000 silver roubles is not theirs—there is a person named Lampier in that firm, but his name does not appear.

Cross-examined. Q. Why is that? A. He was formerly a clerk in the house.





WILLIAM CURTIS
. I am a spirit-merchant, of Holbeach, Lincolnshire. In April last I let the prisoner some lodgings io the name of Captain Asqueth—never knew him by the name of Schceffer, Schmidt, or Brandt—after some time, he made proposals to my daughter—she was to have been married to him on the 25th of May—I never lived at Bristol.

Cross-examined. Q. Is Waynfleet near you? A. About thirty miles off.




GUILTY
. Aged 31 .—


Transported for Ten Years.

