



1778. 




JOHN HIGGINS
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 filly, price 20l., the property of 



George Rough.






GEORGE ROUGH
. I am a market-gardener, and live at Wands worth. On the 14th of May I had a filly, which I saw safe, grazing on the common, at eight o'clock at night, with its mother and others—I missed her next morning, at eight o'clock—did not see her again till the 30th, when she was brought from Salisbury—she was worth 20l.





EDWD. WENHAM
. I am a nurseryman. The prisoner lodged and slept with me at Mrs. Chapman's, Brumhall-road, Clapham, and left about Monday evening, the 12th or 13th of May—we lodged about a mile and three quarters from Mr. Rough's—on Tuesday, Wednesday, or Thursday, the 13th, 14th, or 15th of May, I was at a public-house—the prisoner came in, and asked if I would toss him for half a gallon of ale—I said, "No"—I afterwards tossed him for a pot—he then told me he had got a cob to break in, and was to receive 5l. for that, he had received 50s. on account, and asked if I would go

to the races on the Derby day, he would drive me down—I said I should not like to go down on Derby day in the rough, which means with a colt—he showed me a bridle which he had under his waistcoat—we sat there some time—he has not since returned to his lodging—I did not see him again till he was committed from the police court, at Wandsworth.





JAMES FRAMPTON
. I live at Elmore-green, near Shaftesbury, which is 103 miles from Wandsworth. On Friday the 17th of May, I met the prisoner at the King's Arms, Shaftesbury—after some conversation he said he had a nice cob filly in the stable for sale—he said, "Step up and look at it"—I went and saw her—he said, "This thing ought to be worth 20l. here"—I said it might yield 12l. or 14l. if a gentleman took a liking to it—it was about thirteen and a half hands high, and three years old—I went to the landlord of the Fountain, and told him a man at the King's Arms had a nice young thing—I met the prisoner next morning coming down to the Fountain with the mare—I returned with him to the Fountain—the landlord looked at the mare and the prisoner at his pony, but they did not deal—it was taken to the King's Arms—Wright gave him his horse, two sovereigns, and a saddle for it.





WILLIAM WRIGHT
. On the Saturday I was at Elmore-green, in the parish of Malcombe, looking at some cheeses, and saw the prisoner and the landlord dealing about a young filly—they did not deal—I went and had something to drink, and said, "Cannot you two deal?"—they said, "No"—I said, "I have got a horse at home, I should not mind changing him for it"—he said, "Well, I do not mind changing; I want some money; send for your horse"—I sent for it, and after a bit, gave him my horse, two sovereigns, and a saddle for it—mine was a useful horse—he said he wanted a saddle very bad, he had wrung his young mare's back coming along—he gave me the name of John Batch of Winterbourne at first—here is the paper which he wrote—I asked if he knew anybody in the neighbourhood—he said he knew farmer Burchfield and his sons—I said, "I should like you to go with me, I do not think you have come by it honestly"—he said, "Well, I bought the mare at Newbury fair, and paid for it"—I said, "Go with me to Mr. Burchfield and I shall be satisfied"—we went to Shaftesbury, and saw Mr. Burchfield, who called him by the name of Higgins—I said, "Well, you have given me a wrong name, come back, the horse shall be put into the Crown and Punchbowl"—I gave both horses in charge of the ostler there, and sent for a constable.

Prisoner. He locked the horses up, and asked me to run away—I would not—I was taken and detained nine days, then discharged, but taken again.





WILLIAM JONAS DUNHAM
 (constable of Shaftesbury.) On the 18th of May I went to the Crown and Punchbowl, saw the prisoner there, and a brown filly which the prosecutor claimed—the prisoner was remanded till the Monday week, and liberated that day at twelve o'clock—about nine in the evening, two men came from Wandsworth, and claimed the horse, and the prisoner was taken again—he had remained in the town nine hours.

Prisoner's Defence. I bought the mare at Newbury fair, on the 16th, for nine guineas—if I had been guilty I should not have stopped in the town nine hours after I was liberated.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Edward Bullock, Esq.

