




89. 




JOHN KING
 and 




THOMAS WARREN



 were indicted for stealing 1 coat, value 1l.; the goods of 



George Robert Gardner.






GEORGE ROBERT GARDNER
. I live in Foulkes's-buildings, and am in the employ of a winemerchant. I had a coat—I left it on the banisters on Sunday night, the 10th of Nov., about eleven o'clock, and saw it at the station-house at half-past nine the next morning—it was mine.


Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Was the door left open? A. I cannot say—the servant attends to that—she is not here—it is the custom to have it open during the hours of business—I cannot say whether it would be open at a quarter before nine in the morning—I am not there so early in general.





WILLIAM CHILDS
. I am beadle of Trinity-square. On. Monday, the llth of Nov., I saw the two prisoners, about nine o'clock in the morning, looking in at several houses—I followed them through Barking Church-yard to Tower-street, and when they got to Foulkes's-buildings, I saw King go into the prosecutor's house—I kept my eye on Warren, who was in a passage leading to Foulkes's-buildings—in a minute or two, they both came round the corner of the passage—Warren had this coat under his arm—I went and took King, and Warren threw the coat into the passage of a house in Tower-street—I took it up.

Cross-examined. Q. Whose passage did he throw the coat in? A. A printer's, at the comer of Mark-lane, Tower-street—a policeman, who is not here, saw me pick up the coat—I did not see King come out of the prosecutor's house—I saw him go in, and I saw both the prisoners come out of the passage—I went to Mr. Gardner's about the coat immediately after I had taken the prisoners—Mr. Gardner said he had lost the coat off his banister—I know Mr. Gardner's house—it is my duty to be about there—I had not passed the house before on that morning—when the prisoner went up to the house the door was open—I could not see the pillow—I have been a beadle for eleven years—before that I was a gardener—I have never been charged with any offence—I was never charged about a dog—I was never before the Lord Mayor on any charge—I have been a witness at Lambeth-street frequently—I have been here hundreds of times as a witness, and a prosecutor too—I have been robbed myself—I was here about a sheep being stolen from Lead en hallmarket—I saw the nan I with the sheep—that was the occasion when you gave me a dressing—the Jury acquitted one of the men, but not the man I saw with the sheep.

Warren. Q. Did you take me with the coat in my possession? A. No—I knew you were so lame you would not run—I knew you before—I never knew anything against you.

COURT. Q. How long had you seen them together? A. Ten minutes, or more than that—I saw King go into the house, and Warren throw the coat down.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What did you mean by saying you did not know anything against Warren? A. Because I do know something against King.

KING*—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years
.

WARREN—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—



Confined Three Months
.
