



996. 




HENRY CAVANNAGH
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 sovereign, 1 half-crown, 1 sixpence, and 2 pence, the monies of 



David Charles Smith, from the person of 



Elizabeth Smith.






ELIZABETH SMITH
. I am the wife of David Charles Smith—we live in Poplar-place, Lewisham—on the evening of the 17th of March I was in the gallery of Deptford Theatre, with my neighbours—I had a sovereign, a half-crown, a sixpence, and some coppers in my pocket—I held my pocket while I was in the gallery—I did not sit—I was standing—I felt a person crowd against me, and felt a sensation at my neck, which induced me to let go of my pocket—I did not miss my money till a quarter to ten, as I was going to leave the theatre, Mrs. Reed then said something to me, and then I missed my money—I saw the prisoner in the gallery—I came down and heard a scuffle—the prisoner passed me in going out—he made use of abusive language, and said, "You have lost nothing"—he was searched, and a half-crown, a sixpence, and two pence were found on him—there was no sovereign found, but he was seen to swallow something.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. I suppose the gallery was crowded where you were standing? A. No, it was not—there were a number of persons standing as well as I was—I did not go out to take any refreshment, nor take any next door before I went in.





ALICE REED
. I was with Mrs. Smith. I saw the prisoner close behind me—I saw my gown pulled up, and I missed 3s.—no one was with me but Mrs. Smith, and Mrs. Fell—we were standing—the prisoner was behind us very close, and I saw another man with him up in the gallery.

Cross-examined. Q. Was that other man near you? A. No, not that I saw—there were two or three other men—Mrs. Smith and I stood the whole time—we did not sit down, because we meant to leave.





MARY FELL
. I went to the theatre with this party. I saw the prisoner standing behind us the whole evening—the policeman took him—I saw him swallow something.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see him chewing anything before he swallowed anything? A. No—I do not know whether there is a staircase leading from the gallery to the public-house next door.





JOHN STEVENS
. I was present when the prisoner was searched—I saw something pass from one side of his mouth to the other—I said, "He has something in his mouth"—he appeared to swallow it.

Cross-examined. Q. Had he a handkerchief round his neck A. I did not notice—his neck was not bare—there is a passage down from the gallery to the public-house.






GEORGE TELFORD
 (police-constable R 185.) I took the prisoner—I found on him a half-crown, a sixpence, one penny, and two halfpence—one of the halfpence is marked—the prosecutrix identified it—I saw the prisoner swallow something.





ELIZABETH SMITH

re-examined. I had a halfpenny that was peculiar—this is it—it is a harp halfpenny, and has a hole near the edge—the money found on the prisoner exactly corresponds with mine except the sovereign.

Cross-examined. Q. How lately before had you had that halfpenny? A. I took it at twelve o'clock that day—I did not spend any halfpence after that, nor take any change.




GUILTY
.† Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.

