




2326. 




MARY ROOK
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
7th of September, 1 bowl, value 3d.; 8 shillings, 9 sixpences, and two groats; the property of 



John Milne.






JOHN MILNE
. I keep the Flying Horse public-house, Wilson-street, Finsbury. On the 7th of September, about five o'clock, I was serving gin and milk—I heard a noise at my till in my counter—I had this bowl—(looking at it)—in my till, and to the best of my knowledge it had 12s. or 13s. in it—there were several shillings, sixpences, and groats—on hearing the noise my wife went into the bar to see what was the matter, and I saw some of the party who were at the counter drawing their hands from that side where the till was—their hands had no business there—my wife went and found the till a little drawn out—she missed the bowl and silver—she accused the prisoner, who was going to the door, with having stolen the bowl—I went after her, and caught her—I saw her throw this bowl away, as she was running in the street.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You say some of the party were there? A. Yes, there were three men with her—I could not see any particular hand in my till—I was in my bar parlour—I was in Wilson-street, ten or twelve yards from her, when I saw her throw the bowl away—I am quite sure I saw her throw it—my boy was nearer to her than I—I know the bowl by its general appearance, and by No. 2 on the bottom—I have two more the same—I had seen it safe about ten minutes before the persons came in for the gin and milk—the money was then safe in it.





GEORGE GIMBER
. I am the pot-boy. I came in and heard my mistress accuse the prisoner—she was coming out at the door, and had the bowl in her hand, and a white pocket-handkerchief on the top of it—this is the bowl she had.

Cross-examined. Q. How was the handkerchief placed? A. Just on the top, it was not covered over it—I had not known her before, but I am sure she is the person.





WILLIAM HOLLAND
 (police-constable N 146.) I took the prisoner—in her pocket were found eight shillings, nine sixpences, two groats, and a few halfpence—one of the sixpences the prosecutor said he could swear to, as having been in the till a quarter of an hour before.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he say what money he had lost before you took the money? A. She gave up her pocket at the station-house, and this money was in it—I put it down, and the prosecutor said directly, "Here is a sixpence I can swear to, as having been in the bowl"—the prisoner said she had some money in her pocket, which she had earned as a milliner.




GUILTY.* Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
