




1835. 




THOMAS BRADSHAW



, stealing 3 shillings and 1 sixpence; the moneys of 



William Eadie, from his person: having been before convicted.






WILLIAM EADIE
. I live in George-street, Blackfriars-road, and am as engineer. About three o'clock on Saturday morning, 1st Sept., I went into the Albert coffee-house, in Blackfriars-road, and had a cup of coffee and went to sleep—I was awoke by Durant—I put my hand in my pocket, and missed 7s. which I had safe when I entered the coffee-shop—I did not see the prisoner before I went to sleep.





FRANCIS IRELAND
 (policeman, L 119). I received information, about fire o'clock that morning, that the prosecutor had been robbed, and two persons told me that they knew the person—I went to the Hand and Flower, and they pointed out the prisoner—I took him into custody; I told him the charge; he said he knew nothing about it—in going along he said, "I suppose this time you will make a do of it."





GEORGE DURANT
. I am a hawker, and live in Princes-street, Lambeth. I was at the Albert coffee-shop that morning, between four and five o'clock—I saw Eadie asleep in a box, his legs were lying across another box—his head was lying down, and his waistcoat-pocket was lying open, and the money in it projected out—the prisoner went and looked at it, and said, "This bloak has got some money"—one of the other men who was there, said, "We will have it"—they took some and went away, and a young woman went afterwards—the prisoner then went and took 3s. 6d. out of the prosecutor's pocket, and gave it to another young man—I awoke the prosecutor; he said he had lost 7s., but I only saw 3s. 6d. taken by the prisoner, which he gave to the other man—I went after the prisoner, and he was taken in the Hand and Flower.

Prisoner. Q. Where were you? A. I was in a box, right opposite you; after you had been there a long while, there were four persons came in, and you happened to know them, and was looking in their hats—the prosecutor was on one side, and I on the other.

Prisoner. When I went into the coffee-shop, the four persons were in there; I sat down where the prosecutor was, and had a cup of coffee; I heard those four kicking up a row after a bit, and I could hear them say they had robbed this man; they went away, and I stopped; I then told the people that I should go, for I should be accused; I then went to the Hand and Flower, and the man that he says 1 gave the money to, was there at the bar. Witness. The other man was there, but he got away while the prisoner was taken—the other man said, "I will be off; you had better stop"—the prisoner said, "No, I will be off," and he went off too.





WILLIAM WHITE
 (policeman, F 88). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at Clerkenwell—(read Convicted July, 1846, and confined six months)—he was in custody three sessions ago, but the bill was thrown out. 


GUILTY
.* Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Fears.

