



277. 




JAMES JOHNSON
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Weldon, about the hour of three in the night of the 
12th of Nov., at 
Bermondsey, with intent to steal.


MR. PAYNE, on the prisoner's behalf, put in a plea of Autre foil Acquit, on the ground that the prosecutor was as well known by the name of Samuel John Weldon as John Weldon only, and that this was one and the same offence, (see First Session, page 185,) and also pleaded over, upon which plea the following evidence was heard.





JOHN WELDON
. I am 62 years of age—my proper christian name I believe to be (having seen the baptismal certificate many years ago) Samuel John, but I never used it—I have not got that certificate in my possession—I do not know where it is—I have tried to find it—it is upwards of forty years since I saw it—to the best of my recollection I described myself as Samuel when I gave instructions for the former indictment—I have never used the name of Samuel on any occasion in the course of my life—I have never been addressed by that name by my relations—I do not know who my godfathers were—my memory is not sufficiently retentive for that—I do not know where I was christened—it was in London—the certificate I saw was in my mother's possession—she has been dead many years—I was never called any other name than John by my father or mother—I cannot recollect on what occasion it was that I saw the certificate in my mother's possession—I only recollect her showing it to me, and saying it was my certificate—I do not recollect the precise words—I only recollect the circumstance of seeing it—she never addressed me by the name of Samuel—I had no brother—if I had an estate left me in the name of Samuel John I should certainly try to get it—I have a family Bible at home, but my name is not entered there—there are no entries of births in it—there is no one here that knows my name, or anything at all about it.

The Jury found that the prosecutor was correctly described in the indictment as John Weldon. The prisoner was then fully given in charge on the indictment.






JOHN WELDON
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England, and live at

No. 1, Alexander-place, Grange-road, in the parish of Bermondsey. A little after three o'clock on the morning of the 13th of Nov., I was aroused by the sound of my dog barking—I got up and found the staircase window open—I went to the front window and sprung my rattle—two policemen came in a few minutes, and I let them in at the front door—I went into the servant's room, which adjoins the kitchen, and found four panes of glass broken in the window, and the window-frame also—there was an aperture sufficiently large for a man to get through—on going to bed the night before, the staircase window was closed as usual—I did not examine it—it was decidedly shut down, and no part open—some flower-pots which had stood inside the window, were removed on to the path of the garden, as if they had been handed down to some companions—it was necessary to remove them to effect an entrance into the window, as they occupied the whole space—if they had been knocked down, it would have caused a noise—I missed no property, nor was anything removed but the flowerpots.

Cross-examined by
MR. HURRY. Q. Whereabouts is this stair-case window? A. At the back of the house, on the first story—a person could climb up to it by means of a verandah or covering over the back door, and next to that is a safe, fixed—the room adjoining the kitchen where the window was broken, is a front room—there are no means of getting to that room from the front of the house—there is a railing in front—the room is a little below the surface of the ground—there are two windows in front, the kitchen-window, and the one that was broken—there are no back windows on that floor—there is a back-parlour window that has a shutter inside—that window is about six feet from the ground—the staircase window is considerably higher—I went to bed first about ten, and left my wife and two daughters up—they are not here—I did not examine the staircase window as I went up—I walked up as usual with my candleif it had been at all raised, I should have had notice of it by a very strong draught from it—I am perfectly satisfied it was down—my back premises can be seen from an inclosed ground—there is a street at the back, but I apprehend you would not get a view of the house from that.





MARY ANN GOODYEAR
. I am servant to Mr. Weldon. My attention was not particularly called to the staircase window on going to bed on the 12th of Nov., but I had looked at it in the morning, and it was shut then—it is never opened—I did not perceive that any one had opened it in the course of the day—that window has only been opened once since I have been there, and that was to clean it, there is so much draught—I was aroused on the morning of the 13th of Nov., by the dog barking—the dog was generally kept in the parlour of a night, and sometimes had a bed made for him outside my master's bedroom door—my room is level with the kitchen, but partitioned off from it—I saw a shadow of some person coming into my room—it was a shadow of something, but I could not say what at first—I thought my eyes might have deceived me, but when he came a second time, I rushed out of bed, and cried out—I did not hear the sound of any feet—he had a light of some sort the second time he came in—I saw it was a man then—he went to the window, and as I was running up stairs to my mistress, I heard the window smash—I had got on to the second flight of stairs then—there is a shutter to my window, but I do not use it in order that I may have the light early—I found a

man's hat on my box, which I saw the policeman pick up—I found some Lucifer-matches, which I gave to the constable—neither the hat or matches were in my room before I went to bed.





THOMAS MASON
 (police-constable M 259.) I was on duty in Upper Grange-road, a short distance from Mr. Weldon's house, on the 13th of Nov., I heard a smash of glass, I ran towards the place, and saw the prisoner run from the front garden, from the window—I never knew him before, but know it was him—he had no hat on—I ran after him, and ran him through a puddle of water before I lost sight of him—I saw the direction he was going—I found it was no use to run after him that way, for I could not overtake him—I lost sight of him in the fields at the back of Eldon-place—I am sure it was the prisoner I was then following, by his having a body-coat on, and by his face—I saw his face—the water he went through was up to his knees—I went round into Lower Grange-road—I saw the prisoner in front of me, and overtook him—I said, "I want you," and laid hold of him—he had no hat on then—he had got this handkerchief tied round his head—I laid my hand on his shoulder, and he directly struck me in the face with his fist—we had a scuffle, and 191 M came to my assistance—the prisoner had a body-coat on—I had noticed that when he came from the garden—the legs of his trowsers were all wet, and his hands, face, and neck, all cut and bleeding—when I first saw him he ran by the side of me, as I was running in the middle of the road, and I saw his face under the gas-light which is opposite Mr. Weldon's house in Upper Grange-road—I was about twenty or thirty yards off when I first heard the smash, but when I ran after him I was about the length of this Court from him—I had not had a full view of his face till I apprehended him—the hat which was found at Mr. Weldon's was picked up by my brother constable, and taken to the station, and he has it here—the prisoner had it on his head to walk up from our station to Union-hall, because it rained—our inspector suggested he should have it on—he was offered the use of it, and he took it—he did not claim it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you hear the rattle? A. Yes, I was then running after the prisoner—I came back then to Mr. Weldon's house—I went in at the front door, and, went over the house—that was before I went into the Lower Grange-road—I looked at the servants' window, and the staircase window—that took me about three or four minutes, five at the longest—I knew there was no way of the prisoner's going out of the place where I went round to—the water he went through was from the heavy rains—it was not a running stream—the drain was stopped up, which caused the puddle—it was a very rainy night.

COURT. Q. Were his trowsers more wet at the lower part than his general dress? A. Yes, his coat was not wet at all—you might have wrung the wet out of the bottom part of his trowsersthey were soaking wet.





JAMES HENRY DOBBIN
 (policeman.) I went to the prosecutor's house soon after three o'clock on the 13th of Nov.—I examined the staircase window, and found the bolt of the sash had been removed—I found a hat in the servants' bedroom, bent up in this state—I put it on the prisoner's head at the station, and it appeared to fit him.




GUILTY
.* Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years
.
