



32. 




THOMAS HUNT
 was indicted

 for feloniously and knowingly uttering a forged 5l. Bank of England note, with intent to defraud the 

Governor and Company of the Bank of England.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
SIR JOHN BAYLEY
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN HITCHES
. In Oct. last, I was barman at Mr. Potter's, the White Horse, High-street, Shoreditch. I usually go by the name of George—I had known the prisoner by sight, for about three months before 25th Oct. last—I have seen him at our house several times—on 25th Oct., I noticed him leaning against the counter there at nearly three o'clock—he was in one of the boxes with which the bar is fitted up—there was a man with him in the same box—they were there when I came down from dinner, and about five minutes after that the prisoner spoke to me, and said, "George I want you, I have something to show you"—he said that gently—I asked him what it was, and he said it was a note—I did not see anything in his hand at the time—I asked him what it was about, if he could not read it—he said it was a 5l.-note, and if I would come outside he would show it me—I said, "I could not come out I had my business to attend to"—he then spoke to the man with him, and I afterwards explained to Mr. Potter who was in the bar what had happened—I then spoke to the prisoner again, and I asked him to give me the note, and I would take it into the yard and look at it—he gave me three notes, and said, "There is three of them"—I took them into the yard to look at them, and called Mr. Potter—I gave them into his hands, and he took the numbers of them—I called them out to him one at a time—he then gave them back to me, and I put them into my pocket—I returned to to the bar again—the prisoner was there, and the man with him—I asked the prisoner what he wanted for the notes—he said I could have the three for 12l. or one for 4l.—I asked him where he got them—the man was with him at the time, and they both answered at one time, and said, "I found them opposite Bishopsgate Church"—I told the prisoner that I did not want them:—the other man went out directly after—I asked the prisoner where he was gone to, and he said he was just gone outside—he came in again in about five minutes—he went out again in two or three minutes—I asked the prisoner where he was gone, and he said he was gone to get some dinner at the cook-shop—I said, "Is he not come back yet?"—he said, "No, I will go and fetch him if you like"—I said he had better not go, perhaps he would be back again—I said, "I wished him to come back again before I gave him the notes"—the notes were quite new, clean, and folded up when the prisoner handed them to me—they were much cleaner then they are now—(looking at them)—about ten minutes after the other man went out the second time, the policeman Taylor came in, and asked me in the prisoner's presence, if I was the young man that bad had any notes offered me—I said, "Yes"—I had the three notes in my possession at the time—Taylor asked the prisoner if he was the man that bad offered the notes—he said, "Yes," and he took him into custody, and we all three went to the station—on our way there we met police-sergeant Eves, to whom I gave the notes—they had not been out of my sight since the prisoner gave them me.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What sort of a man was the man hat was with the prisoner? A. A short dark Jewish looking man—the prisoner

remained ten minutes or a quarter of an hour after he had gone away—he went out and in twice—I cannot say how long it was after that man came into the house that the policeman came—he had been there perhaps a quarter of an hour, twenty minutes, or it might be half an hour after I came down stairs—I only knew the prisoner by sight—I did not know his name—I do not know that his mother, or any relation nursed Mrs. Potter—he has been at the house several times—I looked at them both when I asked where they got the notes, and both said they picked them up—I never saw the prisoner write.





JAMES POTTER
. I keep the White Horse, Shoreditch. On 25th Oct., about three o'clock in the afternoon, I observed the prisoner standing close to the counter, leaning over, as though he wanted to speak to some one—there was one man behind him, and another drinking a glass of ale at the side—thinking they were waiting to be served, I directed Ritches to serve them—he said that they had been served—he came to me shortly after, and I asked what the man wanted, and he said he had some notes that he wanted to show him—the prisoner could not hear that—Ritches came to me with a newspaper in his hand that the men should not think that he came to speak to me about the notes—I directed him to get the notes to take the numbers, and see if they were correct—he got them and showed them to me in the yard; they were perfectly new—I took the numbers and dates of them—these three produced are them—I am in the habit of taking a great many notes, and I knew that these were not genuine by the paper—in consequence of that I told Ritches to hold conversation with him privately, and not pay any attention to other customers till I went for a constable—I told him to keep the notes—I then went into the street, and observed five other persons going in and out into the bos adjoining where the prisoner was, and two or three others going into the other box, and listening over the partition to hear what passed between Ritches and the prisoner—they appeared to watch to see what we determined to do—I was waiting for a constable I had sent for—Taylor came, and I communicated the circumstances to him, and pointed out the other persons to him, but he did not seem to take so much interest in the matter as I considered he would have done—I afterwards directed him to take the prisoner into custody—the other man came out of the door as I was speaking to Taylor.





HENRY TAYLOR
 (policeman, H 91). On 25th Oct. last I went to the White Horse—I went into a private box, and asked Ritches, in the prisoner's hearing, if he bad had any notes offered to him—he said, "Yes," and pointed out the prisoner as the man that offered them—the prisoner said he found them opposite Bishopsgate Church, and not knowing what they were, he came to George the barman, to ask what they were as he could not read or write—it had been wet that morning, but at that time it was very clean and dry.





JAMES EVES
 (police-sergeant, H 14). On 25th Oct. I met Taylor in Shoreditch with the prisoner in custody—Ritches was walking behind, and handed me three notes—I took them to the Bauk, and delivered them to Mr. Higman—Mr. Pearson, a clerk at the Bank afterwards returned them to me stamped—I kept them in my possession till I took them to the police-court—they were then taken possession of by Mr. Freeman—I asked the prisoner his address—he gave it, "Thomas Hunt, at Mr. Dixon's, across the ruins, Crabtree-row, Hackney-road"—I asked him where he got the notes—he said he found them opposite Bishopsgate Church, and a man who had the appearance of a Jew saw him pick them up, and wanted them—he did not let the man have them, but they went to the White Horse and had a pint of beer.






WILLIAM HIGMAN
. I am a clerk, in the Bank of England. On 25th Oct. I received three 5l.-notes from Eves—I gave them to Mr. Savage, the inspector.





JOSEPH SAVAGE
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England. On 25th Oct. I received three 5l.-notes from Mr. Higman—I gave them to Mr. Pearson, another clerk.

MR. PEARSON. I am a clerk in the Bank of England. On 25th Oct. I received three 5l.-notes from Mr. Savage—I indorsed them with my name and the date—these are them (produced)—I immediately went and got the stamp "forged," and returned them to Eves.





JOSHUA FREEMAN
. I am inspector of notes at the Bank of England. I have seen and examined these notes; they are forgeries; they are not all from the same plate—there is no water-mark—there is an attempt to give it by pressure.

Cross-examined. Q. Are they very well done? A. Very fairly—an ignorant person, not skilful in notes, might be deceived by them.





GEORGE TEAKLE
 (policeman, H 8). I went, four, five, or six times, to the residence of a person named Dixon, 9, Greengate-gardens, Hackney-road; it is opposite Crabtree-row, Hackney-road, across the ruins—I never saw the prisoner there—I know a person named George Hunt; I subpoened him as a witness—he was here this morning; I missed him about three minutes after I saw him here—I have since been after him to his house, and to every house in the neighbourhood, and have not been able to find him.

COURT to JOHN RITCHES. Q. Did the prisoner at any time tell you he could not read or write, and want you to explain the notes to him? A. No, he did not apply to me for any information on that subject—he said nothing about having found them until I asked him.
(The prisoner's statement before the Magistrate teas read by consent as follows:—"I am a weaver by trade, sir; I have not followed it up for eight years, come Christmas; it was so bad I could not get a living by it. I am a labouring man, sir, and now work on the Quay, in Thames-street, by the water-side. Coming home from my labour, opposite Bishopsgate Church, sir, I picks up these papers, sir, folded up. A Jew comes up to me, sir, immediately, and says, 'What have you got there?' I says, 'I don't know, being no scholar.' He says, 'Let me look.' I unfolds them, and lets him look. He says, 'Where are you going?' I says, 'To Mr. Cotter's, and there I shall hear what they are.'I goes in, he follows me, and calls for a pint of porter. He says, 'Drink.' I says, 'No, you are a stranger to me.' I says, 'George, will you look at these for me, being no scholar?' He says, 'They are three 5l.-notes;' he says, 'What do you want for them?' The Jew says, 'Ask him 12l.; however, he took them. I sees no more of him; George, I mean. While the prosecutor was gone with them the Jew says, 'I am going to my dinner, a door or two off, at the cook's-shop.'I waited there nearly three-quarters of an hour from the time I first went in. He never came back again no more. I still staid there till Mr. Potter and the policeman came in, and I have no more to say.")




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Ten Years.

