




1584. 




EDWARD YOUNGMAN COTTON
 was indicted for

 stealing, at 
St. Margaret, Westminster, 1 decanter, value 7s.; 1 wine-glass, 1s.; 1 butter-dish, 1s.; 2 plates, 2s.; 4 cloths, 2s.; 1 bag, 2d.; 1 night-shade, 2 double sovereigns, 4 seven-shilling pieces, 14 sovereigns, 5 half-sovereigns, 9 shillings, and 5 5l. Bank notes; the property of 



Edward Driver, his master, in his dwelling-house: and 




HENRIETTA SHARPE



, for feloniously receiving part of the said property, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MESSRS. CLARKSON, BODKIN, and
DOANE, conducted the Prosecution.






MRS. ANN DRIVER
. I am the wife of Edward Driver, of Richmond-buildings. The prisoner Cotton was our footman—Sharpe was six or seven months in our service, as housemaid—she quitted in September, last year—on the 4th of May we left the house, for the purpose of going into the country—Cotton went with the carriage to the terminus of the railway, about half-past five o'clock—he returned with the carriage to the house, as far as I know, and was to remain at home till our return on the Tuesday morning—he had been with us three years last March—down to the time of our leaving London, he had not given the slightest intimation of quitting our service—there had been no quarrelling or anger, or anything of that sort—I was in the habit of keeping small sums of money occasionally, 2l. or 3l., in the my writing-desk, in the drawing-room—on the Tuesday before this Saturday I went to my desk for some money, for a soda-water bill, and gave it to Cotton—he saw me go there—I kept a memorandum-book in the same desk, and there was one sovereign wrapped in a piece of paper, with the word, "Baby" written on it—I returned with Mr. Driver on the Monday night—I saw a box in which he kept his duplicate keys—he brought it into my room, where I was sitting—I went to my writing-desk on the Tuesday—I found the lock apparently as I had left it, but on opening it I found all that had been in it misplaced—I missed the sovereign I have mentioned—the spirit bottles were kept in the sideboard cupboard in the drawing-room.

Sharpe. Q. Was I honest while with you? A. You bore a good character.

Cotton. Q. You had a very good character with me? A. An excellent one.





MR. GEORGE NEALE DRIVER
. I am in partnership with my brother, Edward Driver—I reside at Lambeth—the offices are in Parliament-street. On Monday, the 6th of May, in consequence of information, I went to the offices,

a little after eight o'clock in the morning, and found the butler's pantry had been on fire to a considerable extent—I found these papers, with my brother's handwriting on them, on one of the drawers of a dresser in the pantry—I also found this receipt—they appear to have suffered very materially' from the fire.





EDWARD DRIVER
. On Saturday, the 4th of May, I left town with Mrs. Driver—I returned on Monday, about nine o'clock in the evening—I was sent for express—I got to my office about nine—when I went out of town these papers were left in a canvas bag, in a drawer in my library—on Monday night I went to that drawer before I went to bed, and missed that canvas bag, and all the money that was in it—there were five 5l. Bank of England notes, several sovereigns and half-sovereigns, and a few shillings, making together 16l. 13s. in money, besides the Bank notes, two double sovereigns, nine golden guineas, four seven-shilling pieces, and these papers—these notes of hand, of trifling sums I had advanced to persons, were in the same bag, and had been for years—I left that drawer in the library, also locked—I could not discover any difference in it on the Monday—I unlocked it as usual—I keep a mahogany box in my room, in which I have duplicate keys of the drawers—I examined that next morning, I think—it presented the appearance of security in which I had left it at first, but, on turning it round, I found the bottom falling out, and the interior of it entirely dismantled and destroyed—it had in it, among other keys, a key which would open the drawer where the money was—on looking into the mahogany box, I found this small piece of paper, marked "Baby"—this is the box—it is all broken to pieces—I had not the least idea of Cotton leaving my service—I did not find him there when I returned to town—I found the pantry very much burnt, and all the woodwork in it entirely charred—the window burned out, and the door burnt—there was an iron bedstead in his room, with no hangings—there were no window curtains in the room—I saw no more of him till I found him in the custody of the police—I have a memorandum-book here which was found by Mrs. Driver, with this little paper, in the mahogany key-box.

COURT. Q. Was there any fire kept in the pantry at that time? A. No—it was hot weather—there was only a stove to air the house—there had not been any fire.





FANNY MEDLICOTT
. I keep a lodging-house, No. 6, Dean-street, Westminster. The prisoners came together to lodge at my house some time in January last—they lived together as man and wife, and occupied the same room—Cotton was not always there at night—he was sometimes—Sharpe. lived there constantly from January, and he came backwards and forwards—on Monday morning, the 6th of May, I was disturbed, about half-past three o'clock, as near as I can tell—it was about day-break, I think—I did not get out of bed to see—I heard a knock at the door, and heard Sharpe go down—she said, "Is that you, Edward?"—Cotton replied, "Yes, dear"—I knew his voice—she let him in, and they went into their room—he carat down a little after six in the morning, and went for a cab, returned with it, and both went away in it; but, before they went, Sharpe came down and paid me the rent, and said she was going into the country for a day or two—she returned next evening about nine o'clock, alone, and said she was going to quit the apartment next morning—she staid that night, and left about half-past six next morning, and took her things away with her.





ROBERT PRIEST
. I am a cab-driver, and live in Great Smith-street, Westminster. On the morning of the 6th of May, about twenty-five minutes to seven o'clock, Cotton came to me at Palace-yard, and hired my cab—he took me to No. 6, Dean-street—he and Sharpe got into my cab there, and I took them to the Swan at Bromley, in Kent—we got there at half-past eight.






TAPLEY SIMMONDS
. I keep a public-house on Pennington-heath, near Maidstone. On Monday, the 6th of May, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, the two prisoners came there in a one-horse conveyance—Sharpe went away again on Tuesday, saying she was going to London for a few things she had left behind—she returned on Wednesday afternoon, in a cart containing property, among other things some baskets which contained a decanter, a wine-glass, a night-shade, a butter-dish and plate, finger-glass, and fruit-plate—on Thursday Pearce came and took them into custody.





NICHOLAS PEARCE
 (police-inspector.) On the 9th of May I went with Thornton to Pennington-heath, to Simmonds's house—I took Cotton, and asked his name—he said, "Youngman "—I told him I was a police-officer from London, and asked if he meant to tell me that was his name—he said, "Yes "—I asked if he had lived servant with Mr. Driver, of Parliament-street—he said, No, he never knew him—I told him I should take him into custody for breaking open boxes in that gentleman's house, robbing him, and setting fire to the house—he said, "I know nothing about it"—I found a key on him—on the following day, at the station, I saw Sharpe—she was taken by another officer—I showed her three 7s. pieces that were produced by Thornton, and asked how she came by them—she said Edward had given them to her—Cotton was not present then—I asked her when—she said, "Last evening "—I asked if anything was said about them—she said, "He told me he would tell me about them in a day or two."





STEPHEN THORNTON
 (police-sergeant A 26.) I accompanied Pearce to Pennington-heath—Sharpe was in bed—she was desired to get up and dress herself—I remained on the landing, on the threshold of the door—I saw her with her pocket in her hand—I took possession of it—she said, "I hope you are not going to take my pocket "—I said I should—she said, "There is nothing in the pocket but what belongs to me "—I said, "If there is not, it will be given up to you again "—I opened it, and in a purse in it I found a sovereign, some silver, and some other gold, which I did not take notice of till next morning—I then found it consisted of three 7s. pieces, wrapped up in this paper, a sovereign, and 4s. 6d. in silver—I searched some boxes in the same room, and found them to contain some cloths—I did not bring them away till the following Thursday, the 16th—I saw some of them—they had the name of "Driver "on them.

Cotton. They are not all marked; those that are marked are Mr. Driver's, but not the others. Witness. Here are four marked with Mr. Driver's name.

MRS. DRIVER
re-examined. This is the piece of paper which was wrapped round the sovereign in my writing-case—this is my memorandum-book, which was in the same place—these cloths are mine, and are my own marking—I believe the decanter and other articles to be ours—we lost a decanter of that pattern.





MARGARET WEALE
. I was cook in the service of Mr. Driver. On the 4th of May the family went to the railway, and Cotton accompanied them to the station—he came home about six o'clock that evening—he went out soon after, and returned about half-past ten—I saw no more of him till Sunday night, when I let him in, a little after ten—he went into his pantry, and fetched the lamp, lit it, and took it into the pantry again—it was his sleeping-room—it was a glass lamp—he came in and had his supper, after he had lighted the lamp, and then went into the pantry, as I supposed to bed—next morning I came down, about half-past seven—I observed a smoke on the kitchen stairs, and found a fire burning in the pantry—an alarm was given—I opened the door to the coachman—we were alarmed about Cotton—we thought he might be inside, and burnt—we broke open the door, and he was not there—I saw the coachman try to open the door without breaking, but

he could not—he had to use force—I found that the woodwork was charred, as has been described—there were no hangings to the bed or the window—I had seen no fire in the stove lately before.

Cotton's Defence. Three weeks or a month before I went away from my place, my master and mistress went to an evening party; when he came home he went to the sideboard, got one of the glasses off the liquor-stand, and emptied all the brandy that was in it; I took it down to wash in the pantry, and there it remained ever since, in the cupboard nearest the window—when I went into the pantry I took the glass off the lamp, and lighted the gas which is alight every night when I am at home, and it is never turned off from the meter. About twelve o'clock I lighted a fire in the pantry; I left the glass off the lamp; I did not happen to put it on again. When I went out in the evening I locked the pantry door, so that nobody should go in to take the plate; I cannot say whether I put out the light or not; I had had a little drop to drink; I went out about half-past one; and the reason I did not return was, I missed two or three spoons, and was afraid to go back, as I knew I should have to replace them, and I could not afford that. I took these cloths to this young woman with my dirty things; I meant to have taken them back; the decanter I took with a pint and a-half of gin, as she was not very well; the lamp I took as she said she was very poorly of a night, with a pint of oil to burn, in case she should be taken ill; I meant to take it back as soon as she got better; I took some dripping in the butter-dish; the glass I bought for 4d., and the wine-glass I took with the decanter, because we had not one then; the robbery I know nothing about; I have had the 7s. pieces some time, and I gave them to her; she knew nothing about it; I went to her place, and asked if she had a mind to go into the country with me for a little while; she said no twice, and then she said she would go; I lived with Mr. Driver's mother two years before I lived with him, and she can give me a very good character.

Sharpe's Defence. I received the 7s. pieces from my husband.





MR. GEORGE DRIVER

re-examined. We received a two-years' character with Cotton.

COTTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 27. —


Transported for Ten Years.


SHARPE—


NOT GUILTY
.
