



2470. 




JAMES HOWARD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of September, 1 basket, value 1s. 6d.; 1 cap, value 1s.; 3 saws, value 16s.; 1 plane, value 3s. 6d.; 1 square, value 2s. 6d.; 2 chisels, value 1s.; and 1 hammer, value 1s. 6d.; the goods of 



Thomas Newman.






THOMAS NEWMAN
. I am a carpenter. I was working in Hungerford-market on the 9th of September—I left my tools and a cap in a chest within a hoarding in the market—the next morning I opened the chest, and missed three saws, the plane, and other things, and the cap—I saw the cap at the station at Bow-street, ten or eleven days after—the prisoner had got it, and I claimed it—he told me he bought it at a shop in Chiswell-street—my tools were worth 30s.

Prisoner. It is my cap, I gave 1s. for it; it is impossible to swear to a cap like this; there are thousands of them. Witness. I am sure it is mine—mine had a bit put in the back of it, like this one—I had worn it two or three days—I used to work in it.





WILLIAM BURRETT
 (police-constable F 87.) I live in Chapel-place. Early in the morning of the 10th of September I was on duty in the market—I saw the prisoner with a basket of tools on his shoulder, going towards the Strand—he was about a hundred yards from the hoarding, where these tools were taken from—I had seen the prisoner before—he had a hat and a flannel jacket on.





SAMUEL MATTHEWS
. I am a constable of Hungerford-market. On the morning of the 21st of September, I heard a cry of "Police," and saw the prisoner inside the hoarding, lying down on his right side, between two large boxes in which they deposit their tools in the hoarding—he had this cap on his head—I took him to the station—he claimed the cap—I took the prosecutor there, and he said, "That is my cap, I will swear to it."





MICHAEL LONDON
. I went to work on the 21st of September, at a quarter to five o'clock in the morning—I heard a halloo—I went to the hoarding, and saw a basket coming over, and a man's arm dropping it—I caught hold of it, and called the policeman—on entering the hoard, the prisoner was found there, and no one else.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years. (There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
