



1959. 




WILLIAM GATES
 was indicted

 for unlawfully, maliciously, and feloniously assaulting 



John M'Carthy, on the 
1st of August, and stabbing and wounding him in and upon the left side of the chest, with intent to maim and disable him:—2nd COUNT, stating his intent to be to do him some grievous bodily harm.






JOHN M'CARTHY
. I am a labourer, and live in Marchmont-place, Little Coram-street I was at the Brill public-House, Somers-town, on Saturday night, the 1st of August, about a quarter before twelve o'clock—the prisoner was there, and we had two or three words—he shoved against me—I asked what he did that for—he told me he would smack my face—I did not shove against him in return—I walked outside, and stood there till he came out, and he leant up against the railing—I went over to him and asked what he insulted me for in the house—I merely put my hand on his collar, and he took and ran a knife into my side—here is the wound—I attempted then to strike him, but fell back against the railing, and told Grady I was stabbed—he went over to catch hold of him to give him into custody, and he made a dart with the knife at Grady, and if he had not stood back he would have put the knife into his belly—I was taken to the station-house, and sent from there in a cab to the hospital—I was only there one night—I had my waistcoat, jacket, and shirt on—the knife went through them all.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was Grady before the Justice? A. No—I did not offend the prisoner at all—we had two or three words—there was no blow given by me at all, nor by Grady—I was in company with Grady and two or three others—none of them struck the prisoner—I work for Mr. Hill, near Pancras Church, who has houses of his own—I do jobs about the place for him—any thing in the labouring line—I had work from him on the Monday morning, and this happened the Saturday night—I was working for him all the week before—I work there ten hours in the day, emptying cesspools and colouring walls at his different houses—the prisoner and I did not get to high words—I did not catch hold of his collar—I put

my hand on his collar to ask what he insulted me for—it was a quarter before twelve o'clock when we wore inside, and half-after twelve this happened outside.

Q. How did it begin? A. Young Grady went over to him and spoke to him; he had some words with Grady, and I went over, and he took and shoved me—I had done nothing to him—I saw Mitchell outside—I did not see Spurrier—there was no woman there—I could not tell if there were two women in the prisoner's company—there were a good many people in the house—I was drinking with about three others—I did not say I would strike him, or use any offensive expression to him, nor did Grady threaten to do so in my presence—I did not ask the prisoner to fight—he did not say he was not capable of fighting with me—I and my companions did not give him several blows, no blows were struck at all—Grady is a labourer—I have no other means of getting my living than I have mentioned—just before this a man named Sullivan and another came down and awoke me out of bed on purpose to fight me—Sullivan brought a poker—I am often in Grady's company, but not with the others.





ALFRED STANFORD
. I was at the Brill public-house on the 1st of August, at a quarter before twelve o'clock—I saw the prisoner and prosecutor there wrangling inside—I do not know what they were wrangling about—M'Carthy went out, and the landlord turned the prisoner out—I went out about a minute after—I had seen no blows take place before they went out, nor any shoving—they were talking and wrangling—after I was outside I saw them wrangling again for eight or ten minutes—I then saw the prisoner put his hand into his pocket and pull out something, but what I could not see; but it appeared an instrument—he placed his right hand behind him, M'Carthy went up and clapped his hand on the prisoner's shoulder, the prisoner then took and plunged it into his side—M'Carthy hallooed out, "He has stabbed me, I felt him pull it out of my side"—he was taken into custody—the prosecutor had not given him any blows that I saw.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not the landlord turn them both out? A. No—I can swear that—he is not here—I was not with M'Carthy—I was on the opposite side taking a pint of beer—I knew all the parties—I had been in the house an hour and a half—I cannot say how the matter began—the place was full—I afterwards saw that the prisoner's thumb was cut and bleeding.

COURT. Q. Did the prisoner say any thing about that? A. Yes; he hallooed out, "I am stabbed in the thumb"—that was after the prosecutor had spoken of being stabbed—I did not find the knife.





JOHN ROSE
. I was at the Brill public-house that night, and saw M'Carthy and Gates—I saw M'Carthy go out, and the landlord and one of the barmen came over the bar, and put the prisoner out—I remained in about ten minutes afterwards, and then went out—I saw a jangling between Gates and M'Carthy—I stood just behind M'Carthy—Gates took his hand from behind him, and said, "You b——" or "You b——b——, I will stab you," and then plunged his hand towards him as far as he could—I did not hear any other words to my knowledge—M'Carthy said, "I am stabbed"—I was then in the act of going round to catch hold of Gates, when the policeman dashed in and secured both of them, and prevented my going near Gates—I stood at the station-house door, and when M'Carthy came out to go to the surgeon I went with him—he was wounded in his side—he was taken to the doctor's shop, and there he fainted away,

with my pressing his wound up with a handkerchief—a cab was brought, and we took him to the hospital.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the prisoner and prosecutor quarrelling in the Brill public-house? A. I saw some sort of jangle between them, but was not near enough to hear any words pass—I did not see the landlord turn M'Carthy out—he turned Gates out—I was examined before the Magistrate—I did not see what Gates had done to be turned out, but I was in there a very short time previous—I heard some words passing, but did not pay particular attention till I saw Gates turned out.

COURT. Q. How long did you stay in the house after Gates was turned out? A. Between five and ten minutes as near as possible—I never knew M'Carthy before—I cannot recollect how it began—I was at a distance.





ALFRED VIGOR
. (police-constable S 116.) I was on duty in Weston-street, and saw a great mob before the Brill public-house—I went up, jumped right between them, and caught hold of the two middle ones, who were scuffling—it was M'Carthy and Gates—Gates said he was stabbed in the thumb—M'Carthy said he was stabbed in the side—we took them to the station-house.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you been on this beat? A. About two months—I know the Brill public-house well—I did not know the prisoner or prosecutor before.





JEREMIAH LOCKABY
. I am a policeman. I was on duty shortly before twelve o'clock, and saw a mob of people round the door of the Brill public-house—I went up, and saw the prisoner hold up his hand and say, "I am stabbed"—some blood was running out of his thumb—M'Carthy turned round and said, "I am stabbed"—I said, "Where?"—he pointed to his side, and said, "Here"—he was bleeding from his side, and said he was very weak—I assisted him to the station-house, and told the other constable to bring the prisoner—I came back to see if I could find a knife—I could not find it then as it was rather dark, but as soon as it was daylight I found this penknife about two yards from where the disturbance took place—it was open, and was on the step of the public-house door—there was blood on it—I saw M'Carthy's jacket, waistcoat and shirt—there is a hole in them just about the size of the knife—it is a very small hole—we could not find it for some time—the wound appeared about an inch in width.





GEORGE SIMPSON
. I was outside the Brill public-house. I saw M'Carthy come out, and then the prisoner—after they were both out I saw the prisoner open something, which I believe to be a knife—I went up to him and advised him to go away, and put the knife away—he said he would not, that if any of them came near him he would use it—the prosecutor was coming towards him—I placed my right-hand against his chest to stop him, and the prisoner made a thrust and stabbed me in the hand—I went out from the crowd, and heard a cry of "He has got a knife, he has stabbed the man"—I did not see M'Carthy hurt—I went away directly.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was Gates when you got the cut in your hand? A. Standing by the railings of the Brill public-house—I had not been inside the house at all—he did not seem to be excited as if there had been any quarrel, I swear that—I did not know him before—the prosecutor was advancing towards him when I put my hand to keep him away—he did not touch him.





JOHN GRADY
. I was at the Brill public-house on the Saturday night,

in company with M'Carthy—a quarrel took place with Gates—they had a few words inside the Brill public-house, nothing more than words—it was something about pushing—I did not exactly know what it was at first—I walked out just close after M'Carthy—the prisoner came out soon after—I heard nothing pass afterwards, for I walked a distance on—M'Carthy stopped and talked to him—I did not see M'Carthy hurt—Gates and I did not have any quarrel, not a word—I did not give him any blow, nor did he give me any—I did not threaten to give him any blow.

Cross-examined. Q. You were the first person that had words with Gates? A. No, I did not have any words with him at all, it was M'Carthy—I had nothing to do with it at that time—I have been acquainted with M'Carthy a long while—I get my living by hard work—I am a labourer, and work for any body that will give me work—I did not ask Gates to give me any beer, nor did M'Carthy, that I know of—I did not bear what M'Carthy said—the matter began by pushing—I did not begin the matter myself—the last person I worked for was a gentleman named Binn, in Park Cottages, Regent's Park—I had been working during that week, not for him—I hardly know the name of the person—it was a gentleman near Battle Bridge—it was plastering work—I did not strike the prisoner myself, nor see him struck—I never said I would do him any harm, nor any thing of the kind.





JOHN M'CARTHY

re-examined. I cannot form any judgment how deep the knife went into me—I lost a great deal of blood—my shirt was full of it—I am not quite recovered now.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you went to the station-house, charged the prisoner first, and then went to the hospital? A. Yes—I remained there that night, and came out next morning—I was not discharged.





THOMAS MORTON
. I am a surgeon at the University College Hospital. M'Carthy was brought there on the night of the 1st of August, with a stab on the left side, in the region of the heart, about four inches deep, but in a slanting direction—he was kept in the hospital during the night, and went away at his own request next morning—the wound as it was not dangerous—the slanting prevented it—if it had penetrated directly straight it would have killed him—I should have thought it had been a larger instrument than this knife that inflicted the wound; but if the knife were drawn out not exactly straight, that might enlarge the wound, so as to make it appear to be inflicted by a larger knife—the wound in the flesh was three or four times as large as the hole in the jacket and shirt—the aperture in the shirt is such as this knife would make.

Cross-examined. Q. If you had not seen that knife you would have supposed it to have been a larger one? A. Yes, from the outward appearance of the wound—I see no difficulty in there being a small hole in the shirt, and yet the cut being produced by the same instrument.

COURT. Q. The aperture in the shirt could not be made by a larger instrument? A. No.

MR. PAYNE
called the following witnesses:—





AMELIA SPURRIER
. I am single, and live in Lucas-place, Tonbridge-street, New-road—I get my living usually by charing and other work. I was in the Brill public-house on Saturday night, the 1st of August—I and the prisoner went in together to have some beer with Caroline Gorman and Joseph Mitchell, about half-past eleven or a quarter to twelve o'clock—we all four stood together—I saw M'Carthy there when we went in—as

we were standing, drinking, Grady came up, and asked the prisoner for some beer, which was refused—upon which Grady smacked him in the face—the blow was repeated a second time, and after that Mitchell took it up—the barman turned Mitchell out—the moment he was turned out the gas-lights were put out, and the observation was made, "Don't put the lights out, some of us will be killed"—at that moment M'Carthy came and caught hold of the prisoner, and dragged him out of the place—we, being females, did not think it proper to go out in the mob, and continued there till the mob was dispersed—as soon as they were dispersed a little, we went out, and the first cry was that Gates was stabbed in the thumb, and the blood was pouring—I went to the station-house—there were several persons in company with Grady and M'Carthy, but I did not know them.





JOSEPH MITCHELL
. I am a mariner. I was at the Brill public-house on the 1st of August, in company with the prisoner and Spurrier—we called for a pot of beer between us—a person named Connor and Grady were sparring together—Grady hit the prisoner in the face—they put the gas out—the barman came and took me out—I stood outside the door three or four minutes before the rest came out—they all rushed out together—Grady had hold of one collar of the prisoner, and M'Carthy the other, and they shook him—when they came outside M'Carthy struck the prisoner, and they rushed into one another—I cannot say which used the knife—I saw no more of it.





HENRY BRETT
. I am in the coal line. I was in the public-house, and saw the prisoner and prosecutor there—the prosecutor said, "Are you going to stand a pint of beer?"—the prisoner said, "No, I amn't—he instantly up with his hand, and gave him a smack on his mouth, and kept pushing him, to insult him—they put the lights out, and bundled them all out together—when they got out they got fighting together—the prisoner said, "By G—you have cut my thumb off," and the prosecutor said, "You b—, you have stuck me"—I said to the policeman, "Take them both, and you are sure to have the right one."
(John Ayliff, a bricklayer; and John Stokes, labourer; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 19.—Recommended to mercy.





Transported for Twelve Years.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

