




2194. 




JOHN COLLINS
 and 




JOHN COLLINGS



, stealing 1 purse, value 1d.; and 1 sovereign and 8 half-sovereigns; the property of 



Owen Lynch, from his person.






OWES LYNCH
. I live at Eltham. On 6th Sept., between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, I was on my way home across Lee-green—the two prisoners came up to me—Collings said, "Countryman, will you have a share of a pot of beer?"—I said, "I have a pot here; you can have a drink out of

it"—they had part of it, and wanted me to fill another—I said I could not had no small change—he said, "You have no more"—I said, "I have but I do not wish to change"—I said I had eight half sovereigns, a sovere-and twopence beside—he asked me to let him have the twopence—I would not—he said, "I will lay you a pot of beer I show more money than you"—I said that might be, and he took out a quantity of silver out of his pocket—he put it into his pocket again—he then took out of another pocket handful of coppers, and silver amongst them, and he said, "Can't I show more than you?"—I then took out my half-sovereigns and showed him—he said, "Let me take care of that for you?"—I said, "No, I am capable of taking care of it "—we went on till we came to a private house—both the prisoners wanted me to go in, I would not—I went on about thirty rods and then sat down, and dropped asleep—I was awoke, and my purse and money were gone—I was not drunk.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. How much had you had? A. Not above two pots all day, one at Quin's, and another at the Lion and Lamb—I come from the north of Ireland—the prisoners are Irishmen, but they from another part—I am a labouring man—I got this money by hard labour—I have lived twenty-two years with one gentleman—I carried it about with me that day—I counted it, and put it into my pocket safe, when 1 was at the Little Tiger, at Lee-green—I got drowsy, and sat down to rest myself—I fell asleep; I was tired—a boy awoke me, and told me something—I had not spoken to anv one in croinsr from the Little Tijrer to the bank I at where down.





JOSEPH LOFT
. I am an errand-boy, and live at Lee. I was going on an errand between three and four o'clock that day—I saw the prosecutor lying down asleep, and Collins was by his side—he had his hand in his waistcoat pocket—he then put it into his trowser's pocket—I then saw a brown pure in Collins's hand—he looked at it, got up, and walked a little way—he told me to go on—I said, "I shall not"—he then ran—I awoke the prosecute—I did not see Collings.

Cross-examined. Q. You lost sight of Collins? A. Yes—I had not seen him before—I saw him for about a minute—his back was towards me—there was no one passing—I gave information of this the same day—tie was a little boy with me—I carry out physic for Mr. Burrows, the doctor.





WILLIAM LORENTIEN
. I was with Loft—I saw Collins put his band into the prosecutor's waistcoat-pocket—there was nothing there but a tobacco-but and a white handled knife—he then felt in his trowser's-pocket, and brought out a brown purse—he then got up and walked on, and then began to run—I did not see Collings.

Cross-examined. Q. How long afterwards did you see Collins again A. Next day, at the station—I was taken there by the policeman—the prisoners were both there together—the policeman said, "Is this the man?" I said, "Yes"—I can speak with certainty to his being the person—I know his face—I am a Spaniard—I live at Lee-green.

COURT. Q. Do you know Mrs. Quin's house? A. Yes—the prosecutor was sitting outside of her house, more than twice the length of the Court





JACOB DAVIES
 (policeman R 100). I took Collins—I found on him eight half-sovereigns, one sovereign, and one halfpenny—he was not drunt—I had not seen the prosecutor then.





ANN JORDAN
. I saw the two prisoners at Mrs. Quin's house—I saw the prosecutor—go out, and Collins followed him—Collings stopped there—he

came out once or twice, and looked up the road—he could not see anybody from "'here he stood.

COLLINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.

COLLINGS—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.





Transported for Ten Years.

