



641. 




JOHN ALBERT WELLER
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 gun, value 1l., the goods of 



George Adams; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






GEORGE ADAMS
. I am a carpenter, and live in Bolton-street, Kennington. I was in the House of Correction for four months—the prisoner was there alto—he was coming out, and I asked him to call upon my wife, to let her know I was well, as there had been a report I was ill—I went home on the 19th of Oct., and my gun was gone—it cannot be found since—the prisoner went back to the House of Correction fourteen days afterwards, and when he came out I gave him in charge for stealing the gun.





HANNAH ADAMS
. I am the wife of George Adams. The prisoner came to me three or four times in Oct.—I lent him some money—he came last on a Saturday in Oct., and staid all the afternoon—he said there was a knock at the door—I said there was not—I had the little child in my lap—he said, "I will go"—he went—he came back and said, "There is no one; I had better be off," and said, "I shall not see you any more for ten years"—as he went he took the gun off the sideboard in the parlour—I did not see him take it but I missed it ten minutes after he left—I had seen it ten minutes before he left—my nephew had come into the house, but he went out at the back door—I saw the gun safe when my nephew came in a little before seven o'clock—my nephew had no gun with him when he went out the back way—he said a long while, and went with me to look after the prisoner, but we did not find him—he was in the House of Correction soon afterwards—he left my house exactly at seven o'clock.





ANN BRABINS
. I am the wife of Thomas Brabins. On the 18th of Oct. I was at Mrs. Adams's—the prisoner was there—about seven o'clock I had occasion to leave the house for about ten minutes to go over to my house—I was going back to Mrs. Adams's house again, and the prisoner met me—he was coining out, running as fast as he could with the gun.


Prisoner. Mrs. Adams lighted me out with a candle; if I took it she must have seen it.





WILLIAM FLOYD
 (police-constable V 216.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at Reigate—(read Convicted the 8th of April, 1845, and confined six months)—he has been summarily convicted since.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

