



1875. 




MARY O'BRIAN
 was again indicted

 for stealing two petticoats, value 8s.; 2 night-gowns, 8s.; 1 shirt, 15s.; and 1 apron, 9d.; the goods of 




Jane Garrett, her mistress; and that she had been previously convicted of felony.






JANE GARRETT
. I am single, am a laundress, and live in East-street, Marylebone—on Saturday, the 15th of Aug. I went out of town—the prisoner had been washing for me before I went—I engaged her to be at my place, on the following Monday, to collect the things and wash them—I was away from Saturday till Wednesday—when I came back I looked over the washing book—I missed two petticoats, two night-gowns, a shawl, a pair of stockings, and a table-cover, which had been sent to me to wash, and two aprons of my own—I did not see the prisoner till she was taken.





ANN GRAVES
. I live in Mrs. Garrett's house—on the Monday after she went out of town I went with the prisoner to collect the clothes—I returned home, and compared the things we had collected with the books—they were all perfectly right.





ELIZABETH LEONARD
. I am the wife of James Leonard, of Gray's-buildings, Marylebone—on Saturday, a fortnight before the 7th of Sept., the prisoner brought me three pawnbroker's tickets, for two bed-gowns and a flapnel petticoat—she said they were her own and asked me to sell them—I sold them to Mrs. Geary for 1s., and gave the prisoner the money—I should know the tickets.





HONORA GEARY
. I gave Leonard 1s. for the tickets—I went to Mr. Neat, the pawnbroker, next door to my own house—I took out a night-gown and petticoat—I afterwards pawned them at Mr. Tomlinsun's for 4s.—on the

Friday or Saturday afterwards I gave the third ticket to the owner—these are two of the tickets.





WILLIAM ECKETT
 (police-constable D 54.) On the 7th of Sept. I took the prisoner in East-street, and received two tickets from Mrs. Qeary.





RICHARD BENGER
. I live with Mr. Smith, a pawnbroker—I produce a flannel petticoat, pledged on the 21st of Aug., in the name of Ann Smith—I do not know who by—this is the duplicate I gave the person.





GEORGE YOUNG
. I live with the Messrs. Tomlinson and Richards—I produce a petticoat and two night-gowns, pawned by Geary—the ticket produced by Eckett is one of those I gave her.





ANN GRAVES

re-examined. These are the things left ont to be washed.





JANE GARRETT

re-examined. The petticoat belongs to a lady in King-street, who I was washing for—they were in my custody to wash—they were brought there for me in my absence.





JOHN HILL
. I produce the same certificate as I did in the former case—saw the prisoner convicted.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

