



1155. 




EDWARD LAPPIDGE
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 purse, value 1s.; 3 sovereigns; 1 half-sovereign; 8 shillings; and 1 three-penny piece; the property of 



John Davis, from the person of 



Ann Davis.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution,





ANN DAVIS
. I am the wife of John Davis, and live in Devonshire-square. I went with my daughter to the terminus of the Northern and Eastern Railway, on the 6th of March, about half-part three o'clock in the afternoon, to go to Waltham—we got into a first class carriage—there were three persons opposite me—I knew them all—the prisoner came and took a seat on my right side, between me and my daughter—I had a purse in my right pocket—the other three seats were taken—the train stopped at Stratford, and the prisoner hastened out, opening the door himself, and left it open—something was said by the Company's officer—I looked and found my petticoat and pocket were cut, and my purse gone—there were three sovereigns and a half sovereign, eight shillings, and a threepenny-piece in it—neither of the persons opposite leaned towards me—it was impossible that they could have cut my pocket.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. When did you feel your purse safe? A. At the terminus when I paid—I then put my purse into my pocket and went immediately from the office to the carriage—no other person got in or out but those I have named.





PHILIP SMITH
. I am a tutor at Cheshunt College. I sat opposite the prosecutrix—I saw the prisoner—he had a dark cloak on—when we got to Stratford he left the carriage—I did not cut the prosecutrix's pocket, and did not see the others, who were ladies, cut it.





LEWIS PORTCH
, Inspector of the Eastern Counties Railway. On the 6th of March, I saw the prisoner get in and seat himself between the two ladies—I had seen him before—it is my duty to remain at Shore-ditch, but on this occasion I went down—when we got to Stratford I saw the prisoner hurrying away—I spoke to the lady, and then followed the prisoner—he was between walking and running from the carriage—he saw I was pursuing him, and then he ran—I followed him—I came up after he was caught—he ran in the direction in which the purse was afterwards found.






JOHN FANN
. I took the prisoner—I saw the puree picked up at the place where he had passed—I never lost sight of him—he had an opportunity of leaving the purse there.

Cross-examined. Q. How near did he go to where it was found? A. About a foot.





JAMES GALE
. I found this purse about eleven yards from the road side, and about two hundred yards from the station.





PATRICK WOGAN
 (police-constable, H 94.) I took the prisoner, and found this knife on him.
(property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY
. Aged 50.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
