



493. 




RICHARD WIGGINS
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 coat, value 5s.; 2 pictures and frames, 3s.; 1 pair of scissors, 6d.; and 1 pair of stockings, 1s.; the goods of 



Mary Fagan; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






MARY FAGAN
. I live in York-court, York-street, Westminster. I am a widow—I go out to get my living in the day-time, and lock up my room, which is up stairs—on the 24th of Dec. I went out at six in the morning—I went home about seven o'clock, and found my door open—I had lost a coat, two pictures, and two pairs of scissors—this is the coat.





WILLIAM TAYLOR
. I am assistant to Mr. Dickers, a pawnbroker, in the New-cut, Lambeth—this coat was pledged by the prisoner on the 24th, but he is not now in the same dress that he was then.





WILLIAM MILLERMAN
 (police-constable B 65.) I know the prisoner—I apprehended him on this charge—I told him what I took him for—he denied knowing anything about it, but since he has been committed, a man called on me, and gave me the duplicate of the coat.





MARY FAGAN
. This is my son's coat—he is fifteen years old, and is under my care—his name is James—I have not found the pictures nor the scissors.

Prisoner. I do not know anything about the robbery; I never was in the pawnbroker's shop in my life; the policeman said, "I want you for pawning a coat over the water;" he said he took me from the description of my dress, and now the pawnbroker says I am not in the same dress.





WILLIAM TAYLOR

re-examined. I have seen him in such a dress a flannel jacket.





WILLIAM MILLERMAN

re-examined. I have seen him in such a dress—I have not received any description of his dress from the pawnbroker—I knew him well—he has worn several dresses lately—I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's

office—I was present at the prisoner's conviction—he is the person—(read—Convicted 10th July, 7th Vict., and confined three months.)




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

