



1525. 




MARY TURNER



, feloniously uttering counterfeit coin.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES BELLAMY
. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Mary Turner—I have examined it with the original—(read—Convicted Oct. 1848, and confined six months.)






FRANCIS MORRISS
 (police-constable, E 10) The prisoner is the person mentioned in that certificate.





HENRY GOLDSWORTH AYLING
. I am shopman to Mr. Prosser, a fishmonger of Great Turnstile. On 1st Aug., the prisoner came and bought a crab, it came to 4d., she gave me a half-crown—I said I thought it was bad—I took it to the Robin Hood, and found it was bad—she said she had only 1d., and offered to leave that and the crab and fetch the difference—I let her go—I marked it, and gave it to the policeman next day—this is it (produced).

Prisoner. I never saw you before. Witness. She is the person—I selected her from others—she said she obtained the half-crown for making a dress.





ELIZABETH POTTER
. I am a stationer of Bedford-row. On 2d Aug., the prisoner came into my shop for some note-paper and envelopes, they came to 6d.—she gave me a half-crown—I gave it to my son to get change—he came back with James Sowerby, who had the half-crown, and said it was bad, in the prisoner's presence—she said she took it in part payment for making a dress—Sowerby asked her for the person's address—she refused to give it—a person named Kidner came in and said, "This is the lady I was looking for, she has just tendered me a half-crown"—I got this half-crown from Sowerby and gave it to Mills.

Prisoner. Your son came in with the change, and put it on the corner of the counter. Witness. He did not.





THOMAS POTTER
. I took a half-crown from my mother to Mr. Sowerby's to get change—I gave it to Caroline Sowerby.





CAROLINE JANE SOWERBY
. I received a half-crown from Potter—I broke it, and gave the pieces to my brother.





JAMES SOWERBY
. I received these pieces of a half-crown from my sister—I gave them to Potter.





EDWARD MILLS
 (policeman). I received this broken half-crown from Mrs. Potter—I asked the prisoner how she came by it—she said she took a dress home that morning, and received it then—I asked, where?—she refused to tell, but said she would go to the place—as I took her to the station, she said she received it from a gentleman.

Prisoner. I could not direct any one to the place, but I could take them there; the policeman would not go.





FRANCIS KIDNER
. I am a butcher, of Red Lion-street, Holborn. On 2d Aug., the prisoner came for a piece of steak, it came to 6 1/2 d.—she gave me a half-crown—I said it was bad—she said she had only 1d., she would leave that as security—she left it, and I gave her the half-crown back—she said she got it of a lady she made a dress for—I sent my man to watch her—he returned in eight minutes, and told me something—I went to Mrs. Potter's, and found the prisoner—I said she had just tried to pass a bad half-crown at my shop—a half-crown was produced—I looked at it, and thought it was the same.





MARY ADAMS
. I searched the prisoner at the station, and found five shillings and three sixpences tied up in the corner of her pocket—she said, "Take 1s., and don't produce the money"—then she said, "Pray keep it all, do keep it all; don't show it"—she said it would look strange she should offer a half-crown when she had this silver.





JOHN KEMPSTER
. I am in the intellers' office in the Bank of England. These two half-crowns are both bad.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.

