



1021. 




JOHN DAVISON
 was again indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



John Round, and cutting and wounding him upon the left side of his lower jaw, with intent to do him some grievous bodily harm.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
CLARKE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN ROUND
 (police-constable B 210.) On the 21st of April, about two o'clock in the morning, I was on duty in Orchard-street, Westminster—as I passed by a soup shop, the prisoner was standing on the threshold of the door, and without a word being said by either of us, he raised a bludgeon, and struck me a severe blow on the left jaw, which dislocated it—I spit blood for five or six hours after—the skin was cut inside my mouth very much, and the teeth driven out of their places by the blow—they did not come out, but were bent inwards—he made a second attempt to strike me, but I drew back a few paces—I turned myself to see if there were any more round, and he ran off—the last prisoner Laurence came out of the soup shop, and struck me on the back—I sprung my rattle, and got two men—we went to Duck-lane together—we found several people assembled—we were pelted, and we took

persons to the station-house—we returned to the house, and found the prisoner in the front room first floor in New-court, Duck-lane, which was the house we had been pelted from—Davidson said he was not the man, but I am sure he was—he said, he would not open the door—we broke it open, and found two or three dozen bricks in the room—he tried very hard to get from us, and asked a girl in the room for a knife or a pistol that he might shoot us—I found four lance wood bludgeons about two feet long in the next room, one of which I have every reason to believe I was struck with—the wound I got was at the back of my jaw outside, but it is healed now—it bled on the outside.





FREDERICK WILDBORE
. I am house-surgeon at Westminster hospital—Round was brought there about two or three o'clock in the morning—he had received a very severe injury in the jaw, so severe that I thought the jaw was broken—I found a portion of it broken, and I could push his teeth from side to side—I did not notice any external wound, but have since seen an external scar of an outside wound—there was blood inside his mouth—I have no doubt the skin was broken inside the month.

Prisoner's Defence. I own I was the man that hit him the second time, but not the first; it was a small walking-stick I had: he shoved the man who hit him with the stick; I came out; he spoke to me, and I hit him, but that was not the first time.





JOHN ROUND

re-examined. There was a brilliant gas-light in the shop, and the shutters were down—I had a perfect view of his features—I have been on that beat three months—I have seen him frequently before, and knew brar—I was close to him when I passed the door, and am positive it was him struck the first blow—it was Laurence struck the second, with a stick of a smaller description, with a hook at the end of it.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you say to the man, "I will pay you well, Mr. Miller, if you do not go away?" and shove him aside, saying, "I know you, Miller?" A. No—I do not know Miller.




GUILTY
. 


Transported for Fifteen Years.

