





417. 




WILLIAM PORTER
, 



WILLIAM PROBERT
, and 



JOHN BRUMMELL
 were indicted for

stealing 12 cigars, value 1s. 9d., the goods of 



Francis Weaver; and that Porter had been before convicted of felony.






MARY ANN RICHARDS
. I am in the service of Francis Weaver, who keeps a tobacconist's shop, in the Lower-road, Islington. On Saturday afternoon, the 27th of Dec, about a quarter past four o'clock, the prisoner Porter came into the shop—I had seen him in the shop before—he asked for half an ounce of tobacco—I served him, and be paid for it—the other two prisoners came together to the shop-door just as I was serving Porter—(I had seen them before)—Probert asked for a Christmas-box—I said I would not give him one—while I was speaking to him I saw Porter put his hand across, and take some cigars from a case on the counter opposite the door—I told him he had taken the cigars, and I would give him in charge if I saw a policeman—he dropped one cigar on the floor—I went round and picked it up—I was about to look for a policeman when two customers came in, and prevented my leaving the shop—while I was serving them I saw the three prisoners stand at the window and divide the cigars amongst them—they then went up the road together—I told Cooper of it—I gave the cigar which I picked up to Mrs. Weaver, and I saw her give it the policeman.

Porter. I wish to know how many cigars she saw me take. Witness. A handful—I should say twelve—I had just filled the case up—it holds three dozen—there were no partitions in the case he took them from—there are other cases there—I saw him give Probert two cigars—they were all three together at the window.





JOHN COOPER
. I live at No. 22, Lower-street, Islington. Richards gave me information, and about ten minutes after I saw Porter about twenty yards off, and Probert with him—I pointed out Porter to the policeman, and he was taken—Probert went away then, and I lost sight of him.

Probert. He said he thought he saw me with Porter. Witness. I am sure I saw him with him—I might have said I thought so.





PAUL PRITCHARD
 (police-constable N 275.) I took Porter into custody—I told him I wanted him on suspicion of stealing some cigars—I took him to the station—he told me he knew nothing about it, and had not done anything

to be taken for—on the way to the station he made a sudden jerk to get away, and tried to push me into an open cellar, but I got him to the station.





JOHN DENNIS
 (police-constable N 281.) I took Probert—I told him I wanted him for a felony—he said he knew what I wanted him for, and be would go back to the woman at the shop—I took him to the station—as we were going he made a struggle, and assaulted one who was helping me, and he called to a lame lad to assist him.





THOMAS WITHERS
 (police-constable N 211.) I took Brummell—I said it was about some cigars—he said he knew there were two in custody for it, but he knew nothing at all about it himself.

Porter's Defence. On the 27th of Dec. I had been in a public-house all the morning, and I went to this shop for some tobacco; it is a shop I always use, and they would have trusted me; I cannot say but that I might have knocked some cigars down; I was very tipsy; I came out, and the witness did nothing to me; I did not go a hundred yards from the shop, and the officer came and took me; neither of these lads were there.

Probert's Defence. I know nothing at all about it.

Brummell's Defence. I know nothing about it; I used to work for Mr. Weaver, and he said he would give me a good character.





JOHN COOPER
 (re-examined.) He did work for Mr. Weaver, and he said he would give him a good character—that is twelve months ago.





EDWARD JEFFERY
 (police-constable N 259.) I produce a certificate of Porter's conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted 16th Sept., 1844, having been before convicted, and confined twelve months)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.

PORTER—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.


PROBERT


BRUMMELL





NOT GUILTY
.
