




1773. 




BENJAMIN FRANKLAND
 and 




JAMES FERGUSON
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
18th of May, at 
Greenwich, 12 dressing-gowns, value 8l., the property of 



James Fougere, in his dwelling-house, and that they had been before convicted of felony.







JAMES JACOB SPENCER
. I am foreman to Mr. James Fougere, a tailor, in Nelson-street, Greenwich. On the morning of the 18th of May, about nine o'clock, we had some dressing-gowns in our shop, tied on the back of a chair and to a cross-rail fixed in the shop—they were about six feet within the street door—when I left the shop, about nine, they were safe, and on returning at a quarter to ten they were gone—these now produced are them—they are Mr. Fougere's property, and are worth 8l.—it is his dwelling-house.





GEORGE ROUSE
. I live at Greenwich. On the 18th of May, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning I was passing Mr. Fougere's door, and saw the two prisoners coming out of the shop with this bundle—I think Frankland carried it—I called to Dyer to assist in taking them, which he did, and we secured them—I am certain they are the men.





THOMAS DYER
. I am a gardener, and live in the Hampstead-road. On the morning of the 18th of May, I was walking near Greenwich church, between nine and ten o'clock, and saw Mr. Rouse with the two prisoners—I stopped Frankland—he had this bundle on his back, and Ferguson had hold of it behind.





JOHN WHETLE
 (policeman.) I was on duty near the church at Greenwich, and saw the two prisoners running from Nelson-street towards the church—Frankland had the bundle—they were together—I saw Dyer take them—he gave them into my custody with this bundle.





JOHN SPRING
 (City police-constable, No, 315.) I produce a certificate from Mr. Clark's office, of both the prisoners' former conviction—(read)—I was present at the trial, and I know them to be the persons.

FRANKLAND—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.

FERGUSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.





Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

