




615. 




ELIZABETH SMITH
 and 




SARAH REES
 were indicted for

 feloniously assaulting 



James Dyer, putting him in fear and danger of his life, and stealing from his person and against his will 4 sovereigns, his monies, and beating, striking, and using other personal violence to him.






JAMES DYER
. I am a printer, and live in Southampton-court, Russellsquare. On the 14th of Jan., about 12 o'clock at night, I went into the Prince of Wales public-house, London-road—I had been drinking a little before that—very shortly after I had gone in, the two prisoners came in—I had just finished drinking something—I observed that Smith had some court-plaster over her forehead-—I said, "You have an awful wound there, how did you

come by it?"—she immediately asked if I would give her some gin—I said I would, and she called for it—Rees was alongside of her, and partook of the gin—after having the gin I was about going off, when they followed me out of the house and requested me to go home with them for a few minutes and sit down—I complied—I went with them to Nelson-place, which was very near—a chair was brought and I sat down—Smith asked me to stand some gin—I put my hand into my right hand trowsers pocket, in which I had several pieces of silver, and gave her some money to fetch the gin—Rees went for it—on her return, Smith asked me to drink, and Rees poured it out—I refused to take any—I thought, from the shabby appearance of the apartment, that the liquor might have been drugged, and became rather alarmed—as soon as Smith saw that I refused to take any, she seized hold of me, and called to Rees to come and hold me—she used some oath or imprecation, calling her something of a fine woman for not coming to hold me—Smith then took a knife from the table and swore she would cut the b—b—'s throat or have his money—Rees came forward and laid hold of my right hand—Smith had hold of me by the left arm—I held my hand in my left side breeches pocket, in which were four sovereigns (it all happened in much less time than I can tell you) she drew my pocket out—she had hold of my left hand, with the knife in her hand, and she whipped my pocket right out in front where my flap is—thinking she was going to cut it off with the knife I caught hold of the pocket—thinking some man might come to her assistance, I made no further resistance, but let go my hold—on that Smith drew the money out of my pocket—I saw the edges of the sovereigns glisten in her hand as she drew her hand from the pocket—she immediately walked to the back door, saying, "I am going this knife way"—I did not observe what became of the knif—it was a snall table knife—I immediately went to the front door and went in search of a policeman—Rees never uttered a word, but remained in the place—I left her there when I came out—I found policeconstable L 93, and made a complaint to him—I returned with him to the house, but there was nobody there—we knocked, but got no answer—we then went round to the Prince of Wales—I went in first and saw Smith there in front of the bar, drinking—I went up to her, seized her by the shoulders, pushed her to the door, and told the policeman that she was the girl who had robbed me—she was then taken into custody—I afterwards saw her searched—I had not given either of the prisoners any money besides what I gave for the gin—I had been drinking a little at the time this occurred, but not a great deal—I knew perfectly what I was about.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Had you been in company with any other woman that night? A. Must I answer that?—there was another woman previous to the prisoner's coming in, who came into the public-house after I went in, of whom I know nothing—she joined my compny as I was standing at the bar—I had a glass of ale, and I treated her—I do not recollect whether or not that woman went out before the prisoners came in—I had not been drinking a great deal before I got to the Prince of Wales—I had no purse—I had my silver in my right-hand pocket, and the gold in the left, quite distinct—I had not agreed to give the prisoners any money to go home with them—they did not ask me for money when I got there, only for gin—I gave them no other money but what I paid for the gin—one of them did not demand money for bringing me into their room—I am confident of that—I cannot swear whether the knife was on the table or not when I went in, she did not leave the room to fetch it—I think it was in the table-drawer—I was frightened that she was going to cut my throat, and so I made no further

resistance, I was frightened of having my pocket cut, and my throat cut also.

Q. But was there any attempt to cut your throat while she was getting hold of your pocket? A. Only by menaces and the weapon in her hand—my hands were held, one by one woman and one by the other—there was no attempt to cut at my throat, or to cut through my pocket—Rees was on one side of me at this time, holding my right hand—I had my left hand in my left-hand side breeches pocket—no more buttons were undone than there are now, one button that my hand might go into my pocket—she ripped the next button-hole off the button, and drew the pocket out and seized hold of it.

MR. CHARNOCK. Q. When did you last feel the four sovereigns safe in your pocket? A. In the room where the struggle took place.





JAMES BRADLEY
 (police-constable L 93.) On the night of the 14th of Jan., about twelve o'clock, I was applied to by the last witness—I went to the house, No. 4, Nelson-place, with him—I knew the prisoners, and knew they lived there—I knocked at the door and received no answer—the prosecutor told me what had occurred, in consequence of which I went with him to the Prince of Wales public-house, which is a short distance from Nelson-place—when I got there I saw the prisoners inside, standing at the bar—I told the prosecutor to go in, and see if he could identify the persons who had robbed him—he did so, and called me inside the door to take them into custody—he desired me to take Smith into custody, and I did so—there are two doors to the public-house—as soon as she saw the prosecutor she tried to escape by the other door—I took her in charge—I saw something in her hand then—I took her hand in mine, and kept it closed till we got to the station—at the station-house she delivered 19s. 8d. in silver from the hand that I had hold of, and three sovereingns from her mouth—5 1/2 d. in copper was found on her by the searcher at the station—I was not present—when I took the money from her hand she said what money she had got the gentleman gave her—the prosecutor was the worse for drink, but quite capable of knowing what he was doing—Smith was rather the worse for drink, and Rees was rather worse than Smith—I took Rees into custody the next day, at the police-court, by the order of the Magistrate.

Cross-examined. Q. Then do you mean that Rees was drunk, on the next day? A. No—on the night of the 14th—the prosecutor came to the station-house with me—he was not much the worse for liquor then—I could see that he had been drinking.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

REES—


GUILTY
. Aged 33.

of robbery without violence





Transported for Seven Years.






Confined Twelve Months.


Before 


Edward Bullock, Esq.

