



1644. 




TIMOTHY REARDON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of May, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 



John Foster, from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN FOSTER
. I am a zinc manufacturer in the Hampstead-road. On the night of the 23rd of May I was walking along Middle-row—I felt a pull at my pocket—I turned and saw the prisoner close behind me—I seized him by the collar—he attempted to escape—I succeeded in detaining him—there was a struggle—he knocked my hat off, and struck me in the left eye—he ran—Mr. Wrench came up, laid hold of him, and I gave him in charge—I missed my handkerchief—it was not found—there were two or three others near—I am sure no body could have been close enough to take it but him.

Prisoner. Q. Where had you been? A. Supping with some friends—I am sure I had my handkerchief after I left—I had been out seven mi-nutes—I might have lost it, but I felt a pull at my pocket, and when I turned, you had a cotton handkerchief in your right hand, and your other hand behind you—I seized the cotton handkerchief, thinking it was mine—my eye was a little blood-shot—I had not been drinking—my handkerchief was red, with black spots—you were stopped four or five yards from me—I did not see my handkerchief in your possession, I did not see you take it—you had the handkerchief up to your face.





CHARLES WRENCH
. I was with Mr. Foster, a little distance in advance. I heard a cry, turned round, and saw the prisoner struggling with Mr. Foster—the prisoner made off a few paces, and fell down—I secured him, and got the policeman—there were several persons round him.






THOMAS PARSONS HONEY
 (police-constable E 134.) I was called, and took the prisoner—I found this handkerchief on him, and a knife—here is the handkerchief the witness took from the prisoner—there is no mark on either of these handkerchiefs—this knife is just the thing to cut a pocket with.

Prisoner's Defence. I came up to the prosecutor, he turned, seized me by the collar, and snatched my handkerchief—I shoved him away—I fell down—his friend came and took hold of me.





EDWARD CHARLES CHICKLEY
 (police-constable N 199.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY
.* Aged 22.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

Prisoner. One of these handkerchiefs is the prosecutor's—that is the cotton one that was in my hand.
