



2102. 




ROBERT FITZPATRICK
 was indicted

 for stealing 5 brushes, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 



Thomas Robins; and that he had been before ton victed of felony.






WILLIAM HARWOOD
. I am shop-boy in the service of Mr. Thomas Robins, of Hereford-place, Commercial-road. I am thirteen years old—between eight and nine o'clock on the night of the lu'lh of Oct., I was in the shop—a girl came in and spoke to me—I ran out and saw the prisoner with some brushes under his arm going towards the New-road—he turned and saw me and ran on—I ran after him, but did nut catch him—when I

got back to the shop I missed five brushes, which had been hanging up, fastened by a string to the door-post.





CHARLES MANSELL
. I am fourteen years old—I live wjth my father in Russell-street, Old Kent-road—between eight and nine o'clock that night I was coming down the Commercial-road, and I saw the prisoner, whom I knew before—he crept on his hands and knees under the window, pulled at the brushes twice, and got them the third time—he put them under hit arm and got out at the same comer again—I saw Harwood run after him, but he did not catch him—about ten minutes after I saw the prisoner and pointed him out to Mr. Robins—the prisoner saw me and ran off, and Mr. Robins after him.





THOMAS ROBINS
. I am a brush-maker, and live in Commercial-road—about six o'clock on that evening I left home—I came back about nine o'clock—I had had six brushes hanging on the door-post—I had fold one and left five—the prisoner was pointed out to me by Mansell—he ran off and I ran after him—he ran past Mr. Mear's—Mr. Mear's man joined me and we took him—the brushes have not been found—when we got to the station the boy said there were six brushes—the prisoner observed there were only five.





JAMES WAY
. I am shopman to Mr. Mears—I saw the prisoner running and followed him.





JOHN NIXON
 (police-constable K 380.) I took the prisoner—he said nothing.

Prisoner's Defence. I was standing against the butcher's shop, talking to two little boys who sell rings; they went and stood by the picture-shop, and about half-past eight o'clock there was a cry of "Stop thief!" I ran after them, and this man laid hold of me.





EDWARD BURGESS
 (police-constable H 198.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction at Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted 8th April, 1845, and confined six months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 15.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
