



2365. 




HENRY HOWARD
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Frederick Shoebridge, about the hour of two in the night of the 
26th of Aug., at 

St. George the Martyr, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 caustic tube, 1l.; 2 cigar-cases, 5s.; and 1 spoon, 3s.; his property: and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM FREDERICK SHOEBRIDGE
. I am a surgeon, and live at No. 5, Northampton-place, Old Kent-road, in the parish of St. George the Martyr, Southwark. On the 26th of Aug. I went to bed at twelve o'clock at night—the house was fastened—I noticed the door leading to the garden, on the kitchen stairs, was fastened—the stair-case window was down, but not fastened—I put my hand to it, and found it was down—I was awoke at two minutes before six, by my watch, as I looked at it—I had made it five minutes too fast on the Sunday previous, for a particular purpose, and have every reason to believe it was not really six at the time—my watch goes well—as I came down I noticed the stair-case window open, and in the back parlour and surgery a great many lucifer-matches were strewed about—they did not

belong to me—they were a different sort to mine—nearly all of them appeared to have been lighted—I missed a tea-spoon from the back sitting-room, and a caustic-case, and two cigar-cases from the surgery—one cigarcase has not been found—I have since seen part of the goods I lost—I have a ladder which was found under Mr. Cole's premises, under the staircase window—nobody could get to the window without the ladder—when the prisoner was in custody, I noticed a dark mark, of what I considered caustic, on his hand—there was caustic in the case I lost, and it could not have been taken out of the case without using the fingers, it was dropped in so tight.





ANN GATTY
. I am the prosecutor's servant. On the 27th of Aug. I got up a little before six o'clock in the morning—as I came down stairs I heard a factory-bell ring, which calls the men to work about six—I noticed the staircase-window on the first floor open—the cupboard-doors in the surgery and parlour were open, and lucifers on the floor—the garden-door was partly open—I had gone to bed about half-past eleven over night, and left my master up—the house was quite fast when I went to bed.





JOSEPH NUNWICK ROSIER
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Tooley-street. On the 27th of Aug., about eight or nine o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came and offered me the upper parts of six tea-spoons, broken asunder, and several pieces of surgical instruments—I asked how he became possessed of them—he said he found them in the New-cut, Lambeth, and considered them his property—not being satisfied with his statement I called a policeman, and gave him into custody.

Prisoner. He came to the hall on Saturday, and was shown me by the policeman; he said I was not the person, but similar; the policeman has persuaded him. Witness. No, it was not me; I understood the policeman got another person to look at him; the policeman took him in my presence.





ROBERT ELSTON
 (policeman.) I stopped the prisoner at the door of Mr. Rosier's shop—I asked what he had been there for—he said, "To sell some pieces of old silver, but they would not buy them"—I asked him to let me see them—he gave them to me—I asked where he got them—he said he picked them up in the street—in going to the station he made his escape—he was retaken on the 31st of Aug.—I am certain he is the person I took into custody at Mr. Roster's shop door—I did not know him before.

Prisoner. Q. When you first saw me, if I am the person, did not I run very fast? A. Yes, you went into the Mint—I hallooed out to the people to stop you, but they stopped me—I took these silver things from the prisoner's hand; a cigarcase was sent to the station.

Prisoner. I have a bad leg; I can scarcely lift it off the ground, so it could net be me.

MR. SHOEBRIDGE
re-examined. These are the things I lost.

Prisoner's Defence. The things were never in my possession at all.





THOMAS ROBERT COLEMAN
. I am assistant surgeon of the gaol. The prisoner has a bad leg, but can run many yards with it—it must be of some weeks' standing, decidedly before the 26th of Aug.—it is ulcerated from accident, I believe, and from the bad state of his constitution—it has been getting worse—the danger of being apprehended might enable him to run many yards—it is merely a superficial wound, not affecting the muscle.





FRANCIS PATRICK
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office—I was present at his trial for burglary—he is the person—(read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)
