



2776. 




ELIZABETH ATKINS
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of August, 3 sheets, value 6s.; 2 shirts, value 3s.; 2 bed-gowns, value 2s. 6d.; 2 curtains, value 1s.; 3 aprons, value 2s.; and 1 pinafore, value 1s.; the goods of 



Thomas Reynolds.






MARY COSHAM
. I keep a mangle, and live in Chapel-street, Milton-street. On the 10th of August, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, a little girl brought me a bundle of clothes to mangle, saying she would fetch them in a short time—about an hour afterwards the prisoner came and asked if her bundle of clothes was done—I asked her who had brought them—she said her little girl Lizzy—she said she had two children in the Cripplegate school, and I had some school aprons in that bundle—she said she was very ill, and that she expected to be confined, that she was in labour—I said if she was ill I would send them—she said I should not be long, she would take them—I did them, and delivered the articles stated to her—she gave me 2d. for mangling them—I sent my grandchild to follow her—she sent the girl back for a silk handkerchief, which she said was forgotten, and I then found I was robbed—I hare had to pay 15s. for the things.

Prisoner. I was never at this person's house until the evening I was given into custody. Witness. I am sure she is the woman.





MARY REYNOLDS
. I am the wife of Thomas Reynolds, an undertaker, of Redcross-street. I sent these things to Mrs. Cosham's to be mangled, on the 10th of August, by my little girl Christiana Clark.





CHRISTIANA CLARK
. I took the things to Mrs. Cosham's—when I called for them they were gone.





ELIZA WATSON
. I am the wife of John Watson, and keep a mangle in Rose-court, Fore-street. The prisoner came to me on the 10th of September, about twenty minutes past ten o'clock at night, and asked me if her mangling was done—I asked who she came from—she said from the second shoe-shop in Milton-street, which I knew to be false; because they had received their bundle—I asked her name—she gave me two names, Jones and Atkins—she had a basket with her, and I accused her of being the person that had been to Mrs. Cosham's, and got a bundle—she said I was mistaken, and not to be too hasty—I took her to Mrs. Cosham, and she recognized her.





CHARLES WELLS
. I am son-in-law to Mrs. Cosham. I came in while the prisoner was waiting there for the mangling—I am certain she is the person—she was sitting in a chair, and she never cast her eyes up to look when I came in, as persons usually do—that caused me to take particular notice of her—she kept her eyes on the floor—I went out and came in again—my wife told me something, and I had a good look at her—I saw her again on Saturday night, and was certain of her.

Prisoner. He said he did not think I was the person, but that it was a person in the family-way very much like me. Witness. I did not—the moment I saw her I could have taken my oath of her, I was so much struck with her appearance—I had sat looking at her for ten minutes.






DENNIS HUDE
. I apprehended the prisoner at Mrs. Cosham's—this basket was at her feet.

Prisoner's Defence. I never had the basket in my possession; I hope you will have mercy on me.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.
