



749. 




WILLIAM SLOUGH
 was indicted

 for stealing 12 muffineers, value 5l.; 8s.; 2 cruet-frames, 7l.; 16 cruets, 2l.; 3 dishes, 13l.; 1 liquear-frame, 1l.; 3 bottles, 3l.; 1 tureen, 13l.; 1 snuffer-tray mounting, 2s. 2 candlesticks. 3l.; 1 cream-jug, 1l.; 16s.; 1 muffineer-top, 2s.; and 1 packing-case, 5s.; the goods of 



Joseph Alexander and another, his masters.—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 



Samuel Roberts and others.—3rd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 



Frederick Hunt.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM SISSONS
. I am of the firm of Roberts and Co.—we have a house at Sheffield, and another in the Adelphi. On the night of the 19th of Jan. I filled a chest at Sheffield, and directed it to the Adelphi—it contained the articles stated, worth altogether 53l.; 15s.—it was nailed up, and a printed direction put on it, "S. Roberts, Smith, and Co., Robert-street, Adelphi, London"—the date, "19th of Jan.," and "Carriage paid," put on it—it was delivered to the usual porter, to be forwarded by railway—I have not seen it since.





JOHN TUCKER
. I am clerk to Joseph Alexander. It is part of my duty to attend the Birmingham Railway, at Camden-town station, and to receive parcels arriving in London—I have the way-bill of the 22nd of Jan.—there it a box directed to Roberts, Smith, and Co.—I saw it, and the direction on it—it was handed to the van by the prisoner, and it was his duty to deliver it at the direction—there was a boy with him—I did not see the prisoner again till about six o'clock in the evening—he said he had lost the box, or had it stolen in the neighbourhood of Charing-cross—I asked what time—he said be saw it in the van about one, and he missed it between that and three—I said I thought it looked very suspicious, losing it at that hour in the day.

Cross-examined by
MR. COBBETT. Q. You have known him some time? A. Yes—he has been in Mr. Alexander's employment many years.





JOSEPH ALEXANDER
. I keep the Castle and Falcon, and am agent to the carriers from Sheffield—the prisoner was in my employ to carry parcels—on the evening of the 22nd Jan.; between six and seven o'clock, he came and said he had lost a box for Messrs. Roberts and Co., he did not know how it had gone, that he saw it at Northumberland-house, at one, where he had to deliver goods—that he had to go down to Westminster, and got to the Adelpbi about three—he then looked and missed the box—I asked if he had met any one during the day—he denied that he had—I then called the boy Simpkins, and questioned him—I then called the prisoner in, and before the prisoner the boy said they met a man named Holmes, in the Hampstead-road, and they went in the public-house and had something to drink, Simpkins standing in the doorway watching the van—that they went to deliver goods—when the bof said they met Holmes, the prisoner said his name was Jesse—Cooper wai sitting in my tap about half-past seven on the 22nd of Jan.—he gave me thif paper while the prisoner was in my office—I do not know the prisoner's handwriting.





FREDERICK RUSSELL
 (City police-constable, No. 203.) I was sent for, and took the prisoner—I found this paper on him, on which, in pencil, were these words, "Wni. Holmes, 11, Wellington-street, Camden-town, clear the lot away as soon as possible, there is a move; I look up."






ROBERT EDWARD SIMPKINS
. I accompanied the prisoner on the 22nd of Jan. with the parcels from the Birmingham Railway to go about town with them—there was a box for Roberts, Smith, and Co.—we got to Northumberland-house, and delivered four boxes—we then went to Broadway, Westminster, where we had six bags of nails to deliver—on my return I did not notice whether the box was in the van—when we got into the Strand the prisoner said, "Oh, my God, Teddy, the box is gone"—we went to the Hampstead-road before that, and met Holmes the cabman—the prisoner went into the public-house with Holmes, and I was on the van waiting on the other side the road—he was there twenty minutes—the prisoner then came to the van and drove off—I knew Holmes by sight—I did not know where he lived—the prisoner told me his name was Holmes—when we got to the Castle and Falcon my master sent for me and talked to me about the matter—I told him we went to the public-house and met Holmes—the prisoner said we had met a man—I was absent from the cart at Westminster while I was delivering the parcel and getting my book signed for it—that would afford a man the opportunity of taking the box—when we were in the Hampstead-road that morning and met Holmes, I asked the prisoner if that was not the man we met in the Minories some time before—he said, "No, that man is dead and buried"—the box could not have tumbled off.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it not on the roof of the cart? A. No—in the middle of the van, on the two rails—there was a box or two underneath it—it was between nine and ten o'clock when we met Holmes—we got to the Broadway between two and three o'clock—I left the cart long enough for any person to take the goods away—when I was in the Broadway the prisoner turned the cart to a public-house, and I could not see it.

MR. CLARKBON. Q. When you went to take the nails, who did you leave in the cart? A. The prisoner.





JAMES BRISTOW COOPER
, cook, Crouch-end, Paddington. On the 22nd Jan. I was out of employ—in the evening the prisoner came into the tap-room of the Castle and Falcon and asked for pen, ink, and paper—a female gave him pen and ink, but said she had no paper—I offered to give him a piece of paper—I tore it off the back of a letter and gave it him—he wrote upon it, folded it up, wafered it, and gave it to me, and said, "Cooper, you take that directly for me, I will give you 1s., for your trouble in the morning"—before I went I heard of this loss—in consequence of that I gave this paper to Mr. Alexander—I did not take notice of the prisoner's writing—I saw him fold it up and direct it—this is it—it is written on the back of a letter addressed to Mr. Cooper, Castle and Falcon.





FREDERICK RUSSELL

re-examined. I took the prisoner, and read this paper—I went to Wellington-street the same night—I there took Holmes, but the Magistrate discharged him.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you say anything as to whether it would be better for him to tell you? A. No—I did not say "It is a pity you have not told your master all about it"—we have got the box.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. What was it he said to you? A. In going through the hospital, he asked me if I thought he should be transported—I said, "I know nothing at all about it, but don't you think you had better tell your master the truth?"—he said he met Holmes and a man named Jack in Hampstead-road; as he was coming down the road they stopped him, and told him they should like to have one of the boxes in the van; he said he did not know what to say to that; they told him, if he would let them have one, there would be a good booty of it coming to him, and when he came to Westminster the box went away, but he could not tell whether it was Holmes or

this man Jack—I asked who he was—he said a man who was to be seen in all parts of London as porter, he did not know any more of him—I asked where they were to bring his share to—he said to the Castle and Falcon.





CHARTES JAMES MOATE
. I am clerk to Roberts, Smith, and Co. This parcel did not arrive at our premises.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

