





228. 




ALFRED HAYWARD,



 JAMES CHISSELL
, and 




CHARLES ROGERSON
, were indicted for

stealing 1 jar, value 1s.; and 1lb. weight of tobacco, 4s.; the goods of 



Benjamin Fox; and that Rogerson had been before convicted of felony.






ANN FOX
. I am the wife of Benjamin Fox—we live tt Islington. I had some tobacco in a jar in the window—Isaw it safe on the 2nd of Dec., and I missed it from six to half-past six o'clock—this now produced is the jar—it is now broken, but I can swear to it—I have used it for many years—this is the tin top of it, and this is the tin top of another jar, which I can swear to, and which I lost.





HENRY CONSTABLE
. I live at No. 3, Victoria-street. At half-past six o'clock that evening I saw the three prisoners cross to Mrs. Fox's window—Hay ward stood the nearest to it, and Rogerson next to him—they all ran away, and I asked Mrs. Fox if she had lost anything—she said, "Yes, a jar of tobacco"—the prisoners ran from the window, straight up the street—I had seen them before, and knew them by sight.





SARAH SIMPKINS
. About half-past six o'clock that evening I saw the three prisoners running in a direction from Mrs. Fox's shop—I met them exattly on the spot where this jar was found—I pointed it out to the policeman.

Hayward. She said she could not swear to me, she thought it was me.

Witness. I could swear to him—he was one.





ALEXANDER BUTTERS
 (police-constable N 280.) I took the prisoners—I found Rogerson in a night lodging-house, with about twenty or thirty persons smoking round a "fire—I found this jar where Simpkins pointed it out—I found one of these tops near the prosecutor's shop, and the other top by the jar.

Hayward's Defence. I was standing against a public-house; my mother has a situation in Denmark-street; I had not left her five minutes; I was talking with Chissell, and Mrs. Fox came and accused me of the robbery.

Chissell's Defence. I had just come out of the public-house.


Rogerson's Defence. I work for Mr. Spiller, in Copenhagen-street; I went to my lodging; I stopped about ten minutes; I then came back, went to my master's, and got some provision; I went home, and just as 1 had finished my supper the policeman and Constable came in; the policeman said, "Do you know anything about this tobacco?" I said, "No;" he said, "Come and clear yourself;" he locked me up.





CHARLES WRIGHT
 (police-constable N 304.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Rogerson's former conviction—(read—Convicted 8th April, 1844, on his own confession, and confined three months)—he is the person.

HAYWARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

CHISSELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.






Confined Three months.


ROGERSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

