



360. 




HENRY THOMPSON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
10th of December, 1 shawl, value 15s.; 1 gown, value 10s.; and 1 coat, value 15s.; the goods of 



William Monk.






MARIA MONK
. I am the wife of William Monk—we live in Gower-place, St. Pancras—it is our dwelling-house. I left home last Thursday evening about twenty minutes before nine o'clock, and am positive I shut the door—I returned at ten minutes before nine, and found the prisoner standing in my front-parlour, with a drawer open—I asked what he wanted—he said he saw two men go out of the house, and he wanted to know what they wanted—I sent for an officer, and gave him into custody—I missed from the back-parlour a coat, a black silk gown, and a shawl, which had been safe when I went out—I found on the floor a lot of lucifer matches, some burnt, and some unburnt—my door could be opened with a latch-key.

Prisoner. It was dark, she could not see me. Witness. I did see him—the table-drawer which he was standing at was nearly opposite the door—I rang a bell for the servant to bring me a light.





EMMA IVES
. I am the prosecutrix's servant. My mistress went out at twenty minutes to nine o'clock, and came in ten minutes before nine—she then rang the bell very loud, and I came up with a candle—I saw the prisoner in the parlour, by the drawer—my mistress was asking him what business he had there—a man who lived in the kitchen came up after me—he went for an officer—the lodger had been in the kitchen with me while my mistress was out.

Prisoner. Q. Where was I? A. In the middle of the parlour, by the drawer—the table-cover was turned up.





GEORGE ANTHONY
. I have been a special constable of the City for ten years, but I am not so now. On the night of the 10th of December I saw the prisoner, about twenty minutes to nine o'clock, in company with two others—I knew them all by sight—they were in University-street, Tottenham Court-road, which is two or three minutes' walk from the prosecutrix's house—I saw the prisoner go up to a door-way in University-street, as if he was going to enter the house—there was then a whistle, and he came from the door, and walked on towards the prosecutrix's—I saw the prisoner in custody the same evening—I asked him if he had any screws about him—he laughed at me—I went to the prosecutrix's house, and in the gutter opposite the door I found this key, but it does not open the prosecutrix's door.





JAMES HARROD
 (police-constable S 179.) I took the prisoner at the

prosecutrix's—I asked how he came there—he said he saw two men run away with a bundle, and seeing the door open, he went in to see if any body was there to acquaint them of it—I found on him a box of lucifers and a knife—the prosecutrix gave me some other lucifers—two of them are not burnt—they are of the same sort as those I found on him.

Prisoner's Defence. I saw the door open, I went in, knocked at the parlour door, and the lady asked me to walk in I told her I saw two young men run from the house; the lucifers most likely dropped out of my pocket when the policeman searched me in the parlour; the lodger said he had only been in two minutes; it is not feasible that I should stand by a drawer which I had opened.
Mrs. MONK
re-examined. There was a great bunch of lucifers, which had been burnt and put by the mat—there were some in both parlours—they are things I never use.




GUILTY
.* Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
