





634. 




JAMES BEACON,



 RICHARD HALL
, and 



JOHN MURPHY
 were indicted for

breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Charles Sandford Dodd, at 
St. Leonard, Shoreditch, on the 
26th of Jan., and stealing therein 1 gown, value 2l.; 1 locket, 10s.; 3 spoons, 9s.; 1 neck-chain, 5s.; 1 ring, 5s.; 1 pair of gloves, 1s.; 1 sovereign, 6 shillings, and 2 sixpences, his property.






LOUISA DODD
. I am the wife of Henry Charles Sandford Dodd, and live at No. 29, Rutland-street, Kingsland-road—we have the whole house. On Thursday morning, the 26th of Jan., I went out with my husband at eleven o'clock—we left no one in the house—I saw my husband lock the streetdoor, after fastening up all inside—he took the key with him—we came home together at nine in the evening—I went to the corner house to fetch my baby, while he went to get a light—when I got into the house I found that my drawers and two boxes were broken open—I missed my silk dress, a coat of my husband's, a pair of gloves, 27s. in money, and other things worth altogether 6l. odd—the street-door was, I suppose, opened with a skeletonkey—the other doors were as we had left them, except the back-door—we had left that bolted, and found it unbolted—it was not broken—we saw some of our things the same night at the station.






HENRY CHARLES SANDFORD DODD
. I went out with my wife, and returned with her—I went first into the house—the street-door was only single-locked—I had left it double-locked—there was no appearance of violence about the house—my wife has given a correct account—I missed what she has stated—my house is in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch.





WILLIAM EDWARD BALL
 (police-constable N 386.) On Thursday evening, January 26th, about seven o'clock, I and Kemp were passing down the Hackney-road, 400 or 500 yards from the prosecutor's house, and observed the three prisoners turning out of Thomas-street, Hackney-road—we suspected them, and went up and searched them—we laid hold of Murphy first—he had at that time a Taglioni coat on—I only searched the skirts of the coat, and finding Beacon was going on a-head faster than the rest, apparently with something in his pocket, I left Murphy, went after Beacon, laid hold of him, and felt in his pockets, and in the tail of his coat I found nine skeletonkeys, and one latch-key—I said, "What are these?"—he said, "Oh, I don't know"—at this time Kemp had Hall in custody, and was shoving him into a hatter's shop—I did the same with Beacon—they both commenced a violent resistance—after a little time we secured Beacon and Hall—as we were taking them to the station in Wellington-street, I perceived Beacon unbuttoning the flap of his trowsers, and directly after a parcel fell out—I saw it picked up by a sergeant who was following us—about ten o'clock the prosecutrix came to the station to give information of the robbery—the prisoners were brought out, and she identified the property which I now produce, likewise the coat, which was on Beacon's back—I found a pair of gloves, and a black lead pencil in the pocket of it—I went to the prosecutor's house next morning, and tried the skeleton-keys—I found one key locked and unlocked the streetdoor—Murphy made his escape that evening—he ran across the road when I let him go, to follow Beacon.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. Was the street in which you saw them much frequented? A. Yes—they were all in conversation together—I heard them all three talking together—they were talking a sort of gibberish, I supposed they suspected us.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. Did you not search the pockets of Murphy's Taglioni? A. Very slightly—there was nothing in them.

COURT. Q. What do you mean by gibberish? A. To imitate some foreign language—it was not English—I did not understand it.





GEORGE KEMP
 (police-constable N 82.) I was with Ball on Thursday night, and saw the three prisoners together, coming out of Thomas-street, Hackney-road—they were all talking together some sort of French, I should say—it was gabbering, I could not understand what it was—I found a screwdriver on Hall, and a tortoiseshell box with initials on it—the screw-driver corresponds with the marks on the drawer in the prosecutor's house which was broken open, and likewise with the box which I produce, which was broken open—it shows more so in the drawer than it does there—I found a quantity of lucifer matches on Hall—Murphy made his escape that night—he ran away—I saw him the next night in custody—I am positive he is the same man I saw with the other two prisoners the night before—he wore a brown Taglioni coat, with a velvet collar—as Beacon was going to the station he unbuttoned his trowsers, and dropped a parcel from it, which was picked up by Sergeant Milhouse—I took Hall into custody, and took him into a hatter's shop—he there knocked my head through a square of glass, kicked me violently on the head, knocked me down in the street, and kicked me about my body, tore two coats nearly from my body, and my hat was totally destroyed.


Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. Who took Murphy into custody first? A. Ball—he merely went up and smoothed him down the front of his clothes—I knew what he did that for—he stood there while he did that—we then followed Beacon and Hall, and Murphy ran away up the other side of the road.





SAMUEL MILHOUSE
 (police-sergeant N 4.) I saw Beacon being led to the station by the constables—I did not see him do any thing with his trowsers; but I saw him drop a bundle—I was about a yard behind him—I saw that the bundle came from him—I picked it up directly—it was this silk dress, wrapped up in this towel.





JAMES TIDMARSH
 (police-constable M 51.) I took Murphy into custody about seven o'clock on the evening of the 27th—I found nothing on him—I know that he and the other two prisoners are acquainted—I have known them these three years—I took him at the Falcon, in the Borough, which is two and a half or three miles from the prosecutor's.





LOUISA DODD

re-examined. I know this to be my dress—this tortoiseshell box is mine, and this coat I know to be my husband's—I saw it the morning of the robbery—I know this pencil, these gloves, and this ring—this other ring I know nothing of—I saw this little box the day before locked up in the work-box with the rest of the little trinkets.





HENRY HART
 (police-constable M 80.) On the evening of the robbery I was on duty in High-street, Southwark, and saw Murphy alone coming from the direction of London-bridge about half-past eight o'clock—I suppose it is three or four miles from the prosecutor's house—he was coming from that direction to where he resides in the Borough—he was then dressed in a brown Taglioni coat, with a black hat, as he generally appear in—I was in company with Tidmarsh the following day, when he took him into custody—he was then changed in dress, and was among a number of others in a public-house—I have known him perfectly well for a year or two.

W. E. BALL
re-examined. The prisoners were just turning out of Thomas-street into the Hackney-road, coming in a direction from the prosecutor's house, and going towards town—you would have to pass through Thomas-street to get to the Borough.

BEACON—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

HALL—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.





Transported for Ten Years.


MURPHY—


NOT GUILTY
.

First Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

