



2035. 




LOUIS JAMES GRANT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of August, 2 half-crowns, 5 shillings, 1 sixpence, and 1 penny, the monies of 



William Lake.






WILLIAM LAKE
. I have lately been admitted into the workhouse of St. Martin's-in-the-fields—I lost two half-crowns, five shillings, a sixpence, and a penny—I saw it last the night before, when I went to bed—I think it was last Friday week—when I went to bed I put it into my trowsers' pocket, in two pieces of paper, and hung my trowsers by my bed-side, so that the money could not fall out—when I got up in the morning the money was gone—the prisoner slept in the next bed to me.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long afterwards did you go before the Justice? A. I think it was a week afterwards—the prisoner was locked up in the workhouse that time—his father is a negro, and it also in the workhouse.





EDWARE SEAGRAVE
. I am going on for eleven years old—I am in St. Martin's workhouse—I slept in the same room as Lake—not in the same bed as the prisoner—one night I saw him get out of bed, and take two papers, with money in them, out of Lake's breeches'-pocket—it was in the

night—I did not see what was in the papers—I told him next morning what I had seen, and he said he would give me 6d. to say nothing about it—he offered it, but I refused to take it—I saw him with two half-crowns, five shillings, sixpence, and a penny—he was making a purse to pat it into—I directly told my father and Lake.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you brought up in the workhouse? A. No—my brother slept with me—another boy slept down in the corner, in the next bed to the prisoner—the wardsman was sleeping in the room—I laid still when I saw this going on—the boy next to the prisoner was awake—he is not here—I am quite sure it was the prisoner—I told him, about half-past nine o'clock the next morning, what I had seen—it happened about half-past nine in the night—there was a light shining in the room—we go to bed at nine o'clock—the wardsman goes to bed soon after us—I saw the prisoner once in the cell where he was locked up—I did not see a strap on him.





JOHN HUGENS
. I am in St. Martin's workhouse. I am the wardsman of the room; six persons slept in the room. On Saturday morning I heard of the loss of the money, and asked them all about it, the prisoner among others—he did not produce any money—they said they knew nothing about it—they were all in the room but Seagrave—when he came in I challenged him with it, and said, "We shall all be blamed for it"—he told his father and me that he saw the black boy get out of bed, and take the money out—I said to the prisoner, "You young thief, you have got the man's money;" and upon him was found two half-crowns, five shillings, sixpence, and a penny, in this bag—he then said, "I found it"—I took him to the master, and he told him the same.

Cross-examined. Q. We understand he was kept in confinement in the workhouse a whole week before he war taken before the Magistrate? A. Yes, but he was breaking the place all to pieces, and trying to break the windows—he was locked up the day after this took place, about two o'clock—the father did not apply to me to be allowed to go before the Magistrate with him—I did not see him there—I did not see any strap put on the prisoner.

MR. PAYNE
called






JOHN CHARLES GRANT
. I am the prisoner's father, and was in the work-house with him. He was confined there a week or eight days before he was taken before a Magistrate—the last day he was taken down into the cell, and a strap put on him—I went, and saw it pressed so hard on him that I begged the master to release him, and it was taken off—he was put in another cell, underground—he was put there for the felony that was alleged—I applied to the master to be allowed to go before the Magistrate—he referred me to the solicitor for the parish, who refused—my son was once sent to the house at Norwood, and escaped from there through ill-usage.




GUILTY. Aged 10.—Recommended to Mercy.
—


Transported for Seven Years—Convict Ship.
