





1925. 




HENRIETTA HAYWOOD
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
20th of May, 10 cigar-cases, value 3s.; 3 tobacco-pipes, 1s.; 3 pipe-bowls, 9d.; 2 snuff-boxes, 8d.; 34 cigars, 2s. 6d.; 1 umbrella, 1s.; 3 ounces of snuff, 9d.; 1 cup, 3d.; 1 saucer, 3d.; 21 cards, 3d.; 3 cigar-tubes, 1s.; 2 snuff-boxes, 9d.; 1 walking-stick, 9d.; and 1 pound of tobacco, 4s. 6d.; the goods of 



Solomon Phillips, her master: and 





WILLIAM HAYWOOD



, for feloniously receiving the same; well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.; to which


HENRIETTA HAYWOOD pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.






SOLOMON PHILLIPS
. I live in High Holborn, and am a tobacconist; Henrietta Haywood lived with me for two months as servant of all work; the other prisoner is her father. On the 3rd of June she had the charge of my house—I went out, and came home about a quarter before seven o'clock—the door of my parlour, in my passage, was open—I had left it locked—I found the drawer open in which I kept my cash-box—I had left that drawer locked—I did not look into my cash-box at that time, but on going to the drawer some time afterwards, (after having gone out in the mean time)—I missed all the money from the cash-box except a fourpenny-piece—I had lost about 25l. in gold and silver—there were sovereigns, half-sovereigns, half-crowns, and a great many fourpenny-pieces—I got an officer, and found Henrietta Haywood at her father's at Holloway—I saw her give the officer a reticule with a portion of the money in it, saying, "There is part of your property"—when we took her to the station we went back to her father's house, and there we found these ten cigars, three tobacco pipes, and the rest of the things that are mentioned in the indictment.

William Haywood. I had no knowledge that there was anything stolen on my premises—they were found in a box. Witness. They were in two boxes, one locked, the other not—William Haywood refused to give the key of the box till the officer insisted on it—the greater part of these things were found in the box that was locked—in the box that was not locked there were two or three books—he had only one room—there was nobody in the room at first, but William Haywood came in while we were in the room—I know he lived in that room, because, when he came home, the people in the house said, "Here comes the father"—he came into that room of his own accord, and produced the key of the locked box—I know these things—I cannot say when I lost them—I did not miss them till the 3rd of June—it was owing to the other discovery that I went to the house and found these things—William Haywood had some duplicates, which he dropped down by his side—the policeman picked them up.

William Haywood. They were of things that my daughter had pawned above twelve months; the box was locked; I had got nothing in it; my daughter had free access to it, and had a key of it; I had no knowledge of these things being there; I had some gunpowder in it, and locked it, or my children would have got at it. Witness. There was some gunpowder; almost all the articles in the box were mine, except the gunpowder; there were some glasses for watches which were not mine; there was an umbrella standing up in the room, belonging to me; some of the duplicates related to cane and two snuff boxes.

William Haywood. I have no knowledge of anything of the kind; I had lost two umbrellas; I took this umbrella and put it in its place again; I was not positive it was mine; I asked no question about it; the pawnbroker does not identify me as the person who pawned these things; my daughter has frequently pawned things, and I have found tickets in my room; she has got with many bad characters at coffee-houses, which has led her to this.






GEORGE JOHN RESTIEAUX
 (police-constable E 49.) I went to the lodging of William Haywood on the 3rd of June—what was found in the box was worth about 10s.—while I was searching the box William Haywood threw down these duplicates intentionally—he had taken them out of his pocket—I heard a rustling, and turned and saw them in his hand—they enabled me to trace two snuff boxes and a cane.

William Haywood. These tickets you must have polled out of the box. Witness. No such thing; I had not pulled anything out of that side—I put the things out for Mr. Phillips to see them—I felt you were rustling—I turned, these were in your hand, and you dropped them—these were not in the box—I found seven duplicates besides these.





JAMES LAW
. I am shopman to a pawnbroker in Turnmill-street, Clerkenwell—I produce these two snuff boxes, pawned for 4d., and a cane for 2d.—the officer produces the duplicates which relate to them—they were pledged on the 24th of May, in the name of John Haywood, by a man, but not the prisoner.





SOLOMON PHILLIPS

re-examined. Henrietta Haywood was in my service on the 24th of May, and had the opportunity of taking these—I can identify them.





GEORGE JOHN RESTIEAUX

re-examined. I am not mistaken about the tickets—I am positive that William Haywood dropped them out of his hand—I immediately took these five cigars out of his pocket—I found thirty-four cigars in the box, and some of them are the same as those I took from his pocket.





SOLOMON PHILLIPS

re-examined. These cigars are mine, I am sure—I had missed a great number of them off my counter, and could not tell in what manner they were going.

William Haywood's Defence. The children told me my daughter had access to the box, and she had got a key to go to it at any time. I had given to good advice. I have been in noblemen's families, and have had a good character. I had the Austrian ambassador's service of plate under my care, and Sir Watkin Wyun's, and Lord Aberdeen's.
(John Fox, clerk to a brewer, and Matthew Franklin, of the Barley Mow, in Bunhill-row, gave William Haywood a good character.)

WILLIAM HAYWOOD



GUILTY
. Aged 59.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Fifth Jury, before Edward Bullock, Esq.

