



1356. 




HENRY STEPHENS
,

 stealing 1 watch, 1 chain, and 1 key, value 11l. 12s. 8d.; the goods of 



James Watson, from his person.






JAMES WATSON.
 I am a solicitor. On 9th May, about nine o'clock is the evening, I was in Tottenham-court-road—the prisoner jostled me and took my watch from my waistcoat-pocket—it had no guard, only this short chain—he ran away—I pursued, calling, "Stop thief!"—he darted under a horse's head on a coach-stand—I followed—he ran a little distance, went under another horse's head, came on to the side he started from, ran into a crowd, and was seized—this is my watch (produced.)

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLER.
Q. What time elapsed between taking the watch and the prisoner's apprehension? A. Not more than two or three minutes—there were several people about—I did not see him previous in his snatching the watch—I think he was by my side—I saw his face—there were no other persons running—I lost sight of him for an instant, whom under the horse's head—he wore a dark dress—when he was taken, he said, "You have got the wrong man"—he shook in every limb—I spoke to Shipecott, pointed to the prisoner, and said, "You are the man," or "That is the man;" it might be, "Is this the man|"—the prisoner was taken into a pawnbroker's shop, and the watch was found in that area—a crowd was sound the shop—I have no doubt he is the man—there was gas in all the shops.





MARY ANN CHALKER.
 I was in Tottenham-court-road about nine o'clock, saw the prisoner push against Mr. Watson, put his hand to his coat, and take something from his pocket—Mr. Watson said, "Stop thief; he has not my watch!"

Cross-examined. Q. Which way were you going? A. I was meeting Mr. Watson, and the prisoner, who was by his side—he was rather behind him—it was a momentary act—there were more than six persons there—I followed him with my eye till he was taken—there was no crowd.





GEORGE SHIPCOTT.
 I was in Tottenham-court-road, and saw the prisoner dodging between the cabs—I helped to take him.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you lose sight of him? A. Just as he was passing behind the cabs—I saw him running after that—there were two or three dozen people on the pavement—he ran into the crowd—he was taken not half a minute after that—the watch was found five or six yards from there, just where he was taken—I did not lose sight of him in the crowd.





JOHN VINCENT.
 I took the prisoner by my shop, and found the watch in my area, five feet from him—he had an opportunity of putting it there,

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see a crowd? A. Yes, I saw him come from the cabs and walk through it as fast as he could.




GUILTY.*† Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years.

