







1573. 




CHARLES BURNELL,



 JAMES TITLOW,



 MARY ANN STONNELL
, and 




ELIZABETH REDDING
 were indicted for

 stealing 2 watches, value 1l. 10s.; 6 watch-cases, 10s.; the goods of 




Henry Puckridge; and that Titlow had been before convicted of felony.


BURNELL pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.


STONNELL pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—



Confined Six Months. (Stonnell received a good character.)





THOMAS FISH
 (police-constable C 42.) I saw the prisoners Burnell, Titlow, and Redding on the morning of the 17th of July, about a quarter before four o'clock, in King-street, at the corner of Orange-street, Bloomsbury—I was coming down the street—they saw me, and they walked down Orange-street, round to the left, up Kingsgate-street, and round to Drake-street—I went round and met them in Drake-street—I stood in the middle of the pavement—they passed me, and two of them were obliged to go outside of me—I went round Kingsgate-street to King-street, and knelt down at the corner of the street—I saw Burnell and titlow at the prosecutor's door—I them take Stonnell from over the door, through the fan-light—they then all four walked away together, laughing and joking—they turned round Bloomsbury-square—I walked after them very steadily—I then ran round another way, and called to another officer to stop them—I sprang my rattle, and then saw Burnell and Stonnell at the corner of bedford-place—the other officer followed Burnell, and took him with the property—Stonnell ran round Bloomsbury-square—I followed, and took her—another officer came up—I told him the direction the other two prisoners had gone—he went and took them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. Where did you first meet them? A. At the corner of Orange-street and King-street—I had not seen any of them, to my knowledge, before—I knelt down about forty yards from Mr. Puckridge's house—his window projects beyond the door—the door goes back, but there is a bend in the street—from where I was I could see everything--Redding was then standing at the corner of the street, apparently watching—when I got to the square, Titlow and Redding were coming down by the enclosure—I knew I could not take the four of them—if I had made an alarm, they would have made off—they ran like little deers—I did not follow them to Bloomsbury-square—I went round to meet them—I took Stonnell—she gave me such a chase—they ran different ways.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. The part that Redding took was to go and stand at the end of the street? A. Yes—I did not see her do any-thing, but apparently wait at the end of the street.

COURT. Q. What had you seen of Redding before? A. She had been with the others for a quarter of an hour before the robbery—I have no doubt of the persons of either of the prisoners.





JOHN CROW
 (police-constable E 62.) On the morning of the 17th of July I saw Burnell and Stonnell come round from Bloomsbury-square to bedford-place—I stopped them, and said-, "Halloo! what is up now?"—they made no answer, but looked behind them—in the course of a minute I saw Fish coming round from Southampton row—he said, "Stop those two"—I went to them—Burnell ran to bedford-place, and Stonnell the other way—Fish stopped Stonnell—I ran and overtook Burnell—I found on him this property—I took him back, and saw him look very hard at Titlow and Redding—I pointed them out to Upfold, and he took them—they were walking from Bloomsbury-square to Southampton-row, and apparently, Titlow had his arm over Redding's shoulder.






WILLIAM UPFOLD
 (police-constable E 48.) I took Titlow and Redding—I had not seen them till they were pointed out, at a little before tour o'clock.





HENRY PUCKRIDGE
. I keep a watchmaker's shop in Orange-street. I know nothing of Stonnell—on the morning of the 17th of July I lost some watch-cases, and two metal watches-these are them-they are mine, and worth about 2l.—on unlocking my shop door that morning I noticed a chair behind the door-the fanlight was open—it is a practical fanlight, and draws with a rope and pulley, to admit the air—I do not know whether the rope was cut—it was either cut or disengaged the fanlight would then fall suddenly-a person might get from the inside on that chair-they could not open the door when they got in.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. You have had a bar put up? A. Yes, but there was one beforethere was only eighteen inches cleat' space in the height, but I dare say it is one foot nine inches broad-the door of my house goes back about one foot six inches on the right side, and it bevils off towards Mr. Baxter's to about ten inches-his window joins my door-my shop door is perhaps about forty yards from the corner of Red Lion-squarethere is a slight bend, which would rather favour the view of the policeman.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How high is this fanlight? A. About seven feet—I had left it a few inches open—I might have left it to a horizontal line-if a person were put in there, they would go plump in on the ground-these watches were in my window—I had seen them the night beforeto get into my shop you go through the doorway, and through an inner door.





FLORENCE HEALY
 (police-constable) I produce a certificate of Titlow's former conviction in this Court by the name of James Monk—(read-Convicted the 27th of Oct., 1844, and confined one month)—he is the person.
(Redding received a good character.)

TITLOW—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.


REDDING—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—Recommended to mercy.—



Confined Three Months.

