



554. 




THOMAS COOK
 was indicted

 for unlawfully obtaining from 



James Sykes, a gelding, a chaise, and set of harness, by false pretences.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES SYKES
. I am one of the vergers of St. Paul's. In April I had a horse and gig which I wanted to dispose of—I advertised it—on the 12th of April the prisoner called on me at No. 5, Amen-corner—he said, "I have heard you have got a horse and gig to dispose of, and I think, from the description I have heard, it will suit me, if you will bring it"—he felt in his pocket for his card-case, and had not got it—he said, "By the bye, I have got a direction on the back of a letter which I received a few days since, and if you will come to No. 14, Fludyer-street, I think I shall be a purchaser of your horse and chaise"—this is the back of the letter—there is "Mr. Thomas Cook, 14, Fludyer-street, Whitehall" on it—I went the next morning to No. 14, Fludyer-street—I knocked at the door, and found the prisoner in the house—I invited him to get into the gig by the side of me, to drive the horse round, to see that he was all right and sound—he got in, and we drove round, and came back to No. 14, Fludyer-street—when we got back he said, "You must get out, and come to the parlour; I wish to speak to you there"—he then said, "I like the horse very well, what do you want for it?"—I said, fifty-five guineas—he said, "I think that is more than it is worth, what is the lowest you will take?"—I told him I would take fifty guineas—he said, "I will give you fifty guineas for it, provided you will take a bill for seven days"—I said I could not think of taking a bill, it was not a regular way of doing business for a thing of that kind—(I had never known him before)—he offered to give me a bill for seven days, drawn on Masterman and Peters—I refused to take

that for some time, till be began to tell me about his respectability, and all the rest of it, that he was agent to Sir Samuel Fludyer, and that house he had the leasehold of, and it was his own property—on that statement, I thought I could not do better than to take the bill—he said Sir Samuel was over abroad, and he bad sent over for so much money, that he was short of cash, and he could not give me the money—he said he frequently drew his bills on Masterman and Peters', and it would be very handy for me to take it there—he said he kept his account at Masterman and Peters', and frequently drew bills there—I believed all this, of course, and I took the bill, and let him have the horse and gig—this is the bill—he wrote it in my presence—I have never had the horse and gig back, nor anything else—I presented the bill both at Masterman's and in Fludyer-street.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Do you not come from Yorkshire? A. Yes—I do not know any thing about a horse now—some years back I was a butler—I lived with Dr. Bloomsbury—I knew very little about horses then—I never lost a 6d. by betting—I never sold a horse before—I once sold a pony—I have been to York several times, and have been through Doncaster, but never at the races—I gave 25l. for this horse when he was two years old, and he is now rising six—I sold the horse, gig, and horse-cloths, and every thing belonging to it for fifty guineas—I thought this was a good bill, and it would be paid, and that was the reason I parted with the hone sod chaise—that was not the sole reason—I wished to sell it, that was another reason—I had a full expectation of the bill being paid, that was the sole reason of my parting with it—the horse was worth the money, and the chaise was worth the money—I thought he was the agent of Sir Samuel Fludyer, otherwise I should not have parted with it, and that the house was his own, and there was plenty of property—I parted with it because I thought the money would be paid—that was the sole reason.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. If you had known he had no authority to have drawn on these bankers, would you have taken the bill? A. No—If I had known that he had not been the agent to Sir Samuel Fludyer I would not have taken it, nor if I had known he was not the owner or lease-holder of the house in which he appeared.





EDWARD WHITE
. I am a solicitor, and live in Great Marlborough-street. I am agent to Sir Samuel Fludyer—Mr. Burrows holds the house No. 14, Fludyer-street—I have the agreement for it in my hand—the prisoner never was the holder of it—there is no other agent for Sir Samuel Fludyer but myself in London.

Cross-examined. Q. Where is Sir Samuel Fludyer? A. In Sussex—I have received the whole of his rents up to Michaelmas, and am proceeding to receive them to Christmas—I have had no intimation that my authority is superseded—as far as my belief goes, the prisoner is not his agent—I let that house to Burrows, under the direction of Sir Samuel Fludyer and his family—he and bis family agreed to let the lease to Mr. Burrows about two years ago, or a little more—I prepared the agreement—there is a clause by which it is not to be underlet—Burrows has the agreement, and he took possession of it—I cannot tell of my own knowledge whether he let it to the prisoner.





JOHN COTTLE
. I am a clerk in the house of Masterman, Peters, and Co., bankers, in Nicholas-lane. I live in Albion-cottage, Hertford-road—the prisoner is not a customer of theirs—he had no authority to draw this note at seven days' sight, on Masterman's house—it has been presented—(read)—"Seven days after sight, I promise to pay John Sykes, or bearer, 52l. 10s.

for value received for horse and chaise. THOMAS COOK. Payable at 14, Fludyer-street, Whitehall, or Messrs. Masterman, London."

Cross-examined. Q. What have you to do with the concern? A. I am ledger-keeper. I can swear that Thomas Cook has no account, and never had—if he had drawn bills payable there, they would have been refused—this bill—(looking at one)—is accepted, payable at Mastermans', but there is no name to the acceptance—this bill has been in our house, but we received it through the Hitchin's bank—people there might draw on our bank, hot it is taking a very great liberty—if a bill comes through a banker, and the money is sent, we pay it.





GEORGE VICKERS
 (police-constable A 25.) I took the prisoner into costody on the 28th of Dec.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before 


Edward Bullock, Esq.

