



593. 




WILLIAM SMALEY
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 iron grating, value 8s., the goods of 



Thomas Goodman and another; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM COUTS
. I am in the service of Thomas Goodman and John Goodman, at Stepney. On the 3rd of Oct, in consequence of suspicion, I thought it necessary to mark a great deal of iron, and I missed some—the next morning, when I went for the keys, I saw the prisoner with his back against the wicket of our premises—as soon as I unlocked the gate I saw this iron grating was put ready to be drawn under the gate—when I came back the grating was gone, and the prisoner also—I will swear this is my master's


Cross-examined by
MR. BALDWIN. Q. Where was it when you saw it last? A. In my master's yard, ready to be drawn under the gate—the prisoner could draw it out by putting his fingers under—it was not part on one side and part on the other—I am certain no part of it was outside—it is a large wooden gate, where the carts go in—the gate was shut and locked—I went to fetch the foreman, and while I was gone the prisoner took the grating—the gates are padlocked—I could have put my hand under and took the iron—I do not know how the iron came there, but I know it was not there the night before when we marked the iron.





RICHARD HONER
. I was told by Couts to watch, and saw the iron grating go under the gate, but I could not see who took it—I went out and followed the prisoner into Mr. Well's premises—he dropped the grating there, and ran off—this is the grating.





WILLIAM DAVISON DAY
 (police-constable K 74.) I took the prisoner into custody.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he say anything to you? A. When at the station he said he did not steal the iron, and would not if there had been a wagon-load of it, but he was sent to fetch it, and it was no use to him.





JAMES HAMS
 (police-sergeant K 21.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court—read—(convicted April 2nd, 1838, and transported for seven years.)

Prisoner. I was transported innocently at that time; it was no more than being hired to move a few goods; the prosecutor knew I was innocent, and they let me off with Ihree years. Witness. He is one of the most desperate thieves in London—I have known him since 1836—I could name twenty or thirty of his Associates who have been transported or punished.

Prisoner. He is a false-swearing man; he went to my house and got the duplicates when my wife was confined, and got the things for his own wife to wear.





WILLIAM DAVISON DAY

re-examined. I have known the prisoner two years—he is always with thieves.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Ten Years.

