



1201. 




WILLIAM ROBERTS
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Scarborough, about twelve in the night of the 
18th of April, at Camber well, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, I cruet-stand, value 3l. 10s.; 2 cruet-tops, 8s.; 2 knife-rests, 4s.; 1 spoon, 5s.; 1 neckerchief, 7s.; 8 trays, 3s.; 2 pence, 10 half-pence, and 12 farthings; his property.






THOMAS SCARBOROUGH
. I live in Sussex-place, Kent-road, in the parish of Camberwell—I rent the house. On Friday night, the 18th of April, I went to bed at ten o'clock—my house was quite safe—the back parlour window and all the others were fastened at the top with a bolt—I saw they were all fast—next morning, between seven and eight, I found I could not get into the room—the bolt was shot inside—I had to go into the yard to get in at the window, which is nine or ten feet from the ground—I then found the window open—the spring was broken—I found all my silver gone off the sideboard—it was safe at ten o'clock the night before—the cruet-stand produced is mine, and was left in that room that night—here are four table-spoons, one gravy-spoon, a mustard-spoon, and the tops of the cruets—they all belong to me—the glasses are gone—a box, in which my wife

kept her accounts and money, was broken open, and thrown into a ditch at the back of the house—I lost property worth 10l. altogether.





DANIEL HALEY
 (policeman.) On the morning of the 19th of April I was on duty in the Kent-road, about a mile and a quarter from the prosecutor's, and about one o'clock I saw the prisoner, and stopped him, as my brother constable, who was on the other side, challenged him, and said, "Jessey, what do you do out at this time?"—he said, "I have been at a raffle for a handkerchief, and won it"—I said, "What have you in your pocket?"—he said, "Some keys"—the constable said, "Pull them out," which he did—I said, "What have you got in your trowsers?"—he said, "Nothing"—I undid his flap, and found this cruet-stand in his trowsers, and these cruet-tops in his right-hand pocket—these keys, knife-rests, handkerchief, and money, were found on him—he said he found the property in a garden in the Old Kent-road.

Prisoner. Q. Did you ever know me charged before? A. You have been before a Magistrate several times, but nothing was brought clear against you.

Prisoner's Defence. I went to a raffle; I left about half-past tweln o'clock, and in the New Kent-road I saw the things in the garden; I reached over, and put them into my pocket; there was another chap witl me; he said, "We will take them home."




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Ten Years. Before Mr. Justice Coltman.

