



33. 




BENJAMIN REED
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
7th of Nov, at 
St. Marylebone, 32 rings, value 8l., and 1 tray, 2s.; the goods of 



Mary Harding, since deceased, in the dwelling-house of 



Richard Patterson.






MARY CLAYTER
. I was servant to Mary Harding, a widow, since deceased, who kept a jeweller's shop in Holies-street, and another in Oxford-street—I was employed to mind the shop in Oxford-street—it is in the parish of St. Marylebone, and is the dwelling-house of Richard Patterson, who lives in it. On the afternoon of the 7th of Nov. the prisoner came and asked if we wanted an errand-boy—I said no—as he was going out at the door he was laid hold of by a policeman, and I heard something drop on the floor, but did not see it drop—the policeman picked up this tray of rings, which I afterwards missed from a glass case in front of where the prisoner stood—it was broken, and there was a bole large enough for a hand to be put in.





EDWARD LANGLEY
 (police-sergeant A 11.) I was passing down Oxford-street on the afternoon of the 7th of Nov., and saw the prisoner enter the shop on his toes softly, and go up to the glass case, which was on the counter—he put his right arm over the case, and with his left, while looking the female in the face, took the tray out of the ease, which she did not observe—I saw him coming out with it, and caught hold of him—he dropped it from his hand—I picked it up, and it contained these thirty-two rings—he had on a pair of a kind of India-rubber slippers, very soft—I did not notice his head at that time, but after he was committed the gaoler brought in a very handsome wig, and said, in the prisoner's presence, that in putting him into the cell, he observed he bad got a wig on; and when I saw him in the dock without it, I hardly knew him again—Mr. Ross, a hair-dresser, has since claimed that wig.





HENRY HARDING
. I was in the employ of my mother, the late Mrs. Harding—I live in Holies-street. I was sent for to the shop in Oxford-street, and found the prisoner there in custody—these rings were my mother's property, and are worth 8l. at least.
(David Nelson, cordwainer, No. 19, Monmouth-street; and John Hickie, shoemaker, No. 457, Monmouth-street; gave the prisoner a good character.) 


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years..
