




1671. 




DENNIS DOBBINS
 and 




GEORGE THOMPSON
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
15th of June, at 
St. Marylebone, 2 breast-pins, value 13l., the goods of 



Henry William Pars and another, in the dwelling-house of the said 



Henry William Pars.






HENRY WILLIAM PARS
. I am a jeweller and silversmith at No. 47, Oxford-street, in partnership with Thomas Mawley—I occupy the dwelling-house—it is in the parish of St. Ann. On the 15th of June, about half-past eleven o'clock, I saw the prisoner Dobbins in our shop in company with another person—they asked to see some breast-pins—I put some before them, and both looked at them—they asked for some coral pins—I said Mr. Mawley my partner had got them out with him—they then said they were going to Hyde-park, and would come again as they came back—they left the shop, and shortly after Dobbins was brought back by an officer, who produced two pins, and asked if I knew them—I said "Yes"

—they were on the cushion I had shown them, and are worth 13l.—they are real diamonds—those now produced are them.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You do not mean to say both the prisoners came? A. Dobbins and another one, not Thompson.





JOSEPH DAVIES LEATHEART
. I am a house-decorator, and live at No. 19, Bath-place, Bayswater. I saw the prisoner Dobbins in company with another one and Thompson, in Oxford-street—I knew Dobbins and the other one before by eight—I saw Dobbins go up to Mr. Pars' window—the other man and Thompson stood a little way, about a door off, in conversation—then the other man left Thompson, went up to Dobbins, and he and Dobbins entered the shop, while Thompson stood with his back to the gas-post, and his face towards the shop—I crossed over in a minute or so, passed the shop, and saw Dobbins and the other in the shop—I then passed on, and saw Thompson standing with his back to the gaspoet, looking towards the shop—I should think he was about fifteen or twenty yards from the shop—not several shops off—it is one large shop, a linendraper's—it is hardly fifteen yards—I spoke to a policeman afterwards, and saw Dobbins and the other one come out, take hold of arms, and proceed towards Berners-street—Thompson followed them instantly, and when they got to the corner of Berners-street, they all spoke together, and ran up Berners-street, looking behind them two or three times—I followed on the other side of Berners-street, and when I got on a line with them, I crowed over—they all looked round, and whefl I got on the curbstone, Dobbins put his hands into his pocket, and the other two ran on—I pinned Dobbins' two arms with his hands in his pocket—I called to the po-liceman to make haste—he came up, pulled Dobbins' hand out of his pocket, put his own hand in, and brought out the two pins—I hallooed to a gentleman to stop the other two—he stopped Thompson—the other escaped—I said I charged them with felony—Thompson said, "I have never been into the shop"—I had said nothing about a shop—he repeated again it the shop that he had never been in there—I said I knew that.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were you there by accident? A. Yes—I am perfectly satisfied that the Jury should know me—the more you try me, the more respectable you will find me—I know what you are going to ask me about—I am a house-decorator—(producing his card)—here is where I came from on Saturday—Lord Lyndhurst's—you do not give me any encouragement for protecting the public—you know as well as me how often I have been a witness—I have been a witness five or six times in the last five years—once or twice a year—mind, it was all in Oxford-street—I have been a witness two or three times within the last twelve months, not four or five, I would say three times—you were engaged in the case when I was last a witness—it was the omnibus robbery in Oxford-street, last Sessions—you and I were on the same side then, and we went on very comfortably—I was not in any case the Sessions before—I was two or three Sessions ago—Mr. Ballantine can tell—I think I was only here three times last year—I do not think it was five—I will not swear it was not.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. We were against each other last time? A. Yes—my lord, I have been bound over as a witness, and have been insulted at different times by Mr. Ballantine, I claim the protection of the Court—I come in a straight-forward, honest manner, with a prosecution, 10s. out of my pocket—the last time I was here I succeeded

—the time before I swore as positively against the parties as I do now—through your uncounsel-like behaviour in that case, and the assistance of another gentleman, and I could mention two or three, they winked, and looked on, and nodded to the Jury as the prisoner made his defence, and created such an impression, that I actually thought myself the prisoners were innocent, and you went on in a manner not at all right in a Court; it was rather too bad—I am known as a respectable person, but when I see depredations committed, I will do my duty—I do not know that the Jury did not believe me—they acquitted the prisoner—I had a case at the Westminster Sessions, that happened in Oxford-street—on the C side of it—that is long ago—I followed those parties down Regent-street to Leicester-square—I am sure Thompson said he had not been into the shop—I have not the least doubt about it—I am quite certain he used the term "shop"—the gentleman I took him from was present when he said so—the policeman was some distance from him—he had got Dobbins in custody, a short distance off—he was within hearing I dare say—I can-not tell—it is a different thing if a man stands listening, and it is all bustle—I do not know whether the prosecutor heard it—I heard him examined at the police-office—I do not think he said a word about the shop there—he said it in the hearing of the prosecutor, in the shop—I am equally respectable as you—I have worked seventeen years for Duffin of Oxford-street, and am about town, and if I open my eyes I see this.
H.W. PARS
re-examined. When they were brought into my shop, Thompson said he had not been into the shop.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You did not mention that be-fore A. No—I do not know whether I mentioned it at the office—I heard Leat heart mention it just now—the policeman brought Dobbins into the shop, produced the pins, and asked if they were mine—I said, yes, and Thompson immediately said, "I have not been into your shop"—that was true.





JAMES NOBLE
. I am a policeman. I was in Berners'-street and saw Leatheart—I followed him and the two prisoners and a third in company—the yaltered their pace to a run after looking back several times—Leatheart took Dobbins—the third man ran away—I went up to Dobbins—I saw he had his hands in his pockets—I took hold of his right hand, drew it from the pocket, put my band in, and took out these two pins— Leathearthad previously said, "I charge them both with felony"—Dob-bins said, "What am I charged with?"—I said, "Felony"—he said, "Felony! I don't know what you mean"—I took them back to Mr. Pars' shop—Leatheart took Thompson to the shop—I asked Mr. Pars if the pins were his—he looked at them and said, "Yes"—I asked him if either of the prisoners had been in his shop—he said Dobbins had been in and another one—Thompson said, "I never came into the shop at all"—I found a silver watch on Dobbins, three half-crowns, 2s. 6d., and a breast-pin—I saw Dobbins attempt to say something in the shop, and the other said in a loud tone, "Don't you say"—I got between them and prevented further conversation.

Cross-examined. Q. You came up the street with Thompson? A. I followed him up the street—I saw Leatheart take Thompson in charge from the gentleman who stopped him—I did not hear any thing that passed that I can swear to—I might be ten yards from them—if there had not

been a bustle I might have heard what was said—Dobbins was in my custody—it was about twelve o'clock.
(Thompson received a good character.)

DOBBINS *—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

THOMPSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.—Recommended to mercy.—



Confined Six Months.
