




1337. 




GEORGE SPARROW
 and 




JOHN BOBBIN
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
30th of March, 102lbs. weight of lead, value 18s., the goods of 



James Carey, and fixed to a building.—2nd COUNT, not stating it to be fixed.






JOHN JAMES PATER
. I live in Eden-grove, Cornwall-place, Islington—I am agent to Mr. James Carey, who has some houses in Horse Shoe-court, Clement's-lane. On Wednesday morning, the 30th of March, I received information from one of the tenants, and went to the premises—I saw in the shop of one of the houses, some lead rolled up—I went to the top of the house, and found some of the lead stripped off the gutter, which was against the parapet wall, and fixed to the house—Bobbin in the son of a tenant of Mr. Carey's, and lives nearly opposite these premises.





JOSHUA BENYON
. I am general dealer, living in Shoe-lane—I was employed by Pater to look after the house in Horse Shoe-lane, which was unoccupied. On the 30th of March, I went with a person to show the house, and found a roll of lead in the shop window, and this knife by the side, of it—I had been there the day before, and the premises were perfectly safe then—there was no lead in the shop window then—I went on the roof, and the lead was gone from the roof, and a piece from over the window—the piece in the shop fitted near the tiling—the officer came to the premises the same morning, and produced some lead—I compared that with the premises, and it fitted with the former piece—he compared it with a vacant place on the roof, and it fitted—I delivered the lead I found in the shop to a policeman—this now produced is it.





FREDERICK DURSTON
. I am a policeman. About three o'clock on Wednesday afternoon, the 30th of March, I was in Great Wild-street, Lincoln's-inn fields, which about five minutes' walk from Horse Shoe-lane—I saw the prisoners in Great Wild-street, standing conversing—I ordered them both away—I saw them again half-an-hour afterwards—Sparrow had got a roll of lead on his shoulder—I went across to him—

Bobbin ran away through the courts—he had nothing—Sparrow dropped the lead, and ran into a house—I followed Sparrow into the house, and took him on the landing of the stairs—he said, "What have I done, that you are going to take me?"—I brought him down to the lead, and said "This is what I am going to take you for"—I took the lead with him to the station-house, searched him, and found a large clasp-knife in his pocket—I then went in search of Bobbin, and found him about eight o'clock the next morning, in a coffee-shop—he said, "What are you going to take me for?"—I said, "You are the lad that was along with the chap that had the lead"—he said, "I know you are the man who ordered me away from there"—I took him to the station-house, but found nothing on him—I took the lead to the Horse Shoe-court, and compared it with the roof of the window up stairs—it corresponded with the lead.

Bobbin. When the policeman took me, he said I had a blue jacket on—I have no other jacket but the one I have on now. Witness. He had the same jacket on he has now.





GEORGE WESTON
. I am a policeman. I received a roll of sheet lead from Benyon—I have compared it with the other piece coming from the window—it appears to be part of the same piece.

Sparrow's Defence. We had been at Chalk-farm all day, and came home rather late; we met a friend at Chalk-farm, who lives in the house where the policeman took me; Bobbin waited for me, and while he was knocking at the door the policeman came up and took me down stairs; a man gave the lead into the policeman's hand; the policeman took me to the station-house.

Bobbin's Defence. He did not see us with the lead; I waited while Sparrow went up stairs; the policeman ordered me off; I went away, came back to look for him, and went into a coffee-shop.

(Sparrow received a good character.
) SPARROW—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—



Confined Six Month.

BOBBIN—


GUILTY on 2nd Count. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.
