



605. 




GEORGE CHARLES MONTRESSOR



, feloniously forging an acquittance and receipt for money, with intent to defraud 



Samuel Briggs.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS FRANCIS GILES
. I am a fly-master, at Richmond. I have been in the habit of supplying to Mr. Briggs's family with flys from time to time—I supplied flys to Mrs. Briggs from Dec., 1846, to Feb., 1847—there was a bill outstanding due to me for these flys—this "Received, T. F. Giles," on this bill (looking at one) is not my writing—I never authorised the prisoner to give a receipt for 4l. 13s. 6d. in my name—I never knew that he had done so.





CAMILLA BRIGGS
. I am the wife of Samuel Briggs, he now lives at East Sheen. In 1846 and 1847 we resided at Richmond—the prisoner was in Mr. Briggs' service—I was in the habit of being accommodated with flys of Mr. Giles—the prisoner was the person through whom I ordered them—this bill (looking at it) for 4l. 13s. 6d. was brought to me by the prisoner, as a bill he had paid to Mr. Giles, and I accordingly paid the prisoner the money—the bill was brought to me receipted in this way, "Feb. 14, Received J. T. Giles."

Prisoner. Q. What was your wish when I went to your establishment respecting paying bills, was it not to keep a book, and to enter in that book such bills as I paid to your tradesmen? A. Yes; your book was very irregularly kept—I wished it brought to me once a week.

Prisoner. This bill is not in my hand writing; I paid bills to different people.





SAMUEL BRIGGS
. I have been in the habit of seeing the prisoner write—I believe the signature to this bill, "Received, J. T. Giles," to be the prisoner's writing.





JAMES FINLAYSON
, (police-sergeant, V 13). I apprehended the prisoner—I told him what he was taken for—he said whatever punishment he received, let it be whatever it might, would not be adequate to the offence he had committed against Mr. Briggs.




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Years. (There were four other indictments against the prisoner).
