







671. 



JOHN GURLING,



 DENNIS MARA
, and 




JOHN CLEMENTS



, stealing 2 pairs of boots, value 8s.; the goods of 



William Theobald; and 





MARGARET REECE
 and 




CORNELIUS FORD



, for feloniously receiving 1 pair of the said boots. 



MR. O'BRIEN

conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM THEOBALD
 On 30th Jan., about two o'clock, I missed two pairs of boots, which I had seen safe at twelve—I was sent for to Mr. Chapman's, a pawnbroker, and saw Ryan pawning them—I gave her and them in charge—she said she was pledging them for Mrs. Reece, her landlady—these are them—one pair have been worn once.





MARY RYAN
 On 30th Jan., I lived at Reece's house. About two o'clock she asked me to go out and pawn these boots—she did not say for how much—she said she had bought them for 1s.—I have often seen the other prisoners at her house—I took the boots to Mr. Chapman's.

Reece. Q. Did not I say I wanted 6d. profit on them? A. No; I said at first I would have nothing to do with them.





THOMAS SAWYER
 I am thirteen years old. On 30th Jan., I was with the prisoners, and a lot of boys, near Mr. Theobald's shop—I cut a pair of boots down, and Mara another pair, Gurling and Clements stood by—they picked up the boots, and away we went up Church-street with them—Clements put one pair on, and I wore them down the buildings, and said he was going to school with them on—we met Ford—he took one of the boots away, and said, "If you do not let me go halves, I will not give you the boot"—we let him go halves—he gave it up, and afterwards pawned them—he knew where we got them—next morning Clements said he took the boots he wore to Mrs. Reece.

Cross-examined. Q. Were there any more boys? A. There was one named Swiftey. I went up to the shop first, and they followed me—other boys were playing not far off—I was charged with stealing pears two years ago from a garden, and had seven days and a flogging—I had ten days for some sweet stuff—I took a puzzle box from a bazaar, but only had to give it up—I was charged with stealing eggs four years ago—I am thirteen years old—I have been charged with stealing about eight times before a Magistrate—I was committed here with the prisoners, but was released on my promise to speak the truth—I am to go back home if they are convicted—Clements

asked us all to let him wear the boots as he had got none—we wanted to get rid of them as soon as we could, and told him not to sell them—he took his own off, and hid them under some shavings, under an archway.

Ford. You did not tell me the boots were stolen. Witness. You said "You have stole the boots;" we said, "We know that;"you said, "Let us look, "and said you would keep the boot, unless we gave you half—when you pawned them, you said you had got 1s. 4d. for them.





GEORGE M'CLOUD NORMAN
 On 30th Jan., between three and four o'clock, Ford brought me this pair of boots to pledge; he said his mother sent him, as she was confined, and could not come.

Ford. I said Swiftey's mother was in her confinement and tent me. Gurling's Defence. 1 was there, but did not know what they were going to do.

GURLING—


NOT GUILTY

MARA—


GUILTY
 Aged 12; CLEMENTS—


GUILTY
 Aged 12; 




Confined Ten Days






and Whipped.

REECE—


GUILTY
. Aged 50.—


Transported for Seven Years.

FORD—


GUILTY
 Aged 13.—



Confined Six Months.

