





61. 




THOMAS ALLEN
, 



WILLIAM LOVEGROVE
, and 



GEORGE EMMETT



, feloniously shooting at 



Thomas Lawn, with intent to do him some grievous bodily harm; Allen having been before convicted.


MESSRS. HUDDLESTON
and
ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution,





THOMAS LAWN
 (policeman, V 222). I am stationed at Hanworth, Middlesex. On 7th Nov., about a quarter to nine o'clock at night, I was at Mr. Dawes' farm there, and saw his foreman Webb—I heard the report of a gun about half-way down Hanworth Little Park—I and Webb went to the park and placed ourselves against a tree—in about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour I heard footsteps, and saw the prisoners within three or four yards of the tree, I threw my light on them, and started from the tree towards them—(I have known Lovegrove and Allen nine years, and Emmett two years; they live at Feltham)—Allen had a gun—directly I started, he held it up as high as his breast, not to his shoulder, and shot at me—I was not more than

two yards from him—he missed me, as I was moving about, scuffling with Emmett—it was quite dark; I could not have seen but for my light—Emmett had a short stick which he struck me with, when the gun was pointed—Allen and Lovegrove ran away—Webb began striking me in mistake in the dark, and Emmett, not knowing he was my assistant, said, "Give it them! give it them!"—Webb struck me on the arm, and I let go of Emmett—he got away—I picked up Allen's cap—the prisoners were taken next night—I produce the bark of the tree—here are shot marks in it.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Was the night dark? A. I have seen darker nights—the prisoners came from behind a tree about twenty-five yards from us; they all came up together—I was not more than a yard from the tree when Allen fired—I had seen the gun in his hand when I turned my light on; I was then three or four yards from him—my light covered all three of them—I did not tell Sanders, the policeman, I believed it was Allen; I said it was him—the bark was taken from the tree at about the height of a man's breast—it is a tree where pheasants sometimes find shelter.





HENRY WEBB
. I am foreman to Mr. Dawes, at Sir Frederick Pollock's at Hanworth Little Park. I was with Lawn, heard the gun fired, and went with him to the tree—in ten minutes or a quarter of an hour we saw a man about twenty yards off, and two more came up as fast as they possibly could—when they were within three or four yards of the tree Lawn turned his light on, and I saw the prisoners—I had known Allen and Lovegrove five or six years—Allen had a gun—he held it up towards us, but not to his shoulder—it went off—I was between three and four yards from Lawn—Allen and Lovegrove walked away—Lawn caught hold of Emmett, scuffled with him, and knocked this stick out of his hand (produced)—I picked it up, and struck Lawn with it by mistake—Emmett called out, "Give it him! give it him!"—he got away—I am satisfied the prisoners are the men.

Cross-examined, Q. Did the light cover the whole of them? A. Yes, down to their feet, they stood so close together—when Lawn was struggling with Emmett, his light was hanging to his strap, and I could see the men very plainly—I struck Lawn on the arm and hat—I did not see the gun till I saw the fire come out of it—I saw it directly afterwards—I was three or four yards from the tree, and Lawn about the same distance—I searched under the tree for the shot, but found none—Allen had not his face towards us when he fired; he was turning to go away.

COURT. Q. How do you know the gun was half-way up to his shoulder? A. I saw the flash coming out of the muzzle, and afterwards picked up the paper.





GEOROE SANDERS
 (policeman, V 236). Lawn and Webb came to me and gave me this cap—it belongs to Emmett—I had him in custody before, when he claimed it and pointed out this mark on it to me, and said he had a cut on it.

Cross-examined. Q. How long before had you seen it? A. About ten days—I asked Lawn if he knew by whom the shot was fired—he said he believed it was by Allen.





ROBERT GRAHAM M'INTYRE
 (policeman). I took Emmett—he said he had been at the Bear, at Han worth, the night previous, with Allen and Lovegrove—I took Allen, and he said he had been at the Bear that night with the others—I also took Lovegrove—the Bear is about a mile from Hanworth Little Park. GEOROE DAWES. I am agent to Sir Frederick Pollock. I went to the tree next morning, and saw shot marks very clearly—they had taken the slant, not right into the tree but a little on one side—people would be trespassing at that

place—there is no road—they would have to get over two fences—there is a little game there.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you give orders for the bark to be brought here? A. Yes, there were more marks than this—the bark had been stripped off by the glance of the shot,





THOMAS BIRD
. I have been a policeman—I produce a certificate of Allen's conviction—(read—Convicted June, 1847, and confined six months)—I was present—he is the person.

LOVEGROVE and EMMETT—


NOT GUILTY
. (See New Court, Saturday.) ALLEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.

