



576. 




JAMES COATES
 was again indicted

 for stealing 2 carpet bags, 1 gown, 3 collars, 1 veil, 1 neck-chain, 2 frocks, and other articles, value 30l., 18s.; the goods of the 

London and Blackwall Railway Company.


MESSRS. BLARKSON and BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE FREDERICK WHITE
. I am a merchant, and live in Millbank-street, Westminster. On 11th Nov. 1 was at Blackwall, coming from Gravesend—I gave my two carpet bags, and a small parcel, to Durell, a porter—I did not see where he put them—I missed them when I got to Fenchurch-street—I went back by the next train, and found they had been accurately forwarded—on 21st Dec. a communication was made to me, I went to the station, and saw my property—I do not know the prisoner.





RICHARD DURELL
. I am porter on the Blackwall Raulway. On 11th Nov. I received two bags and a parcel from Mr. White—I put the bags into

the luggage-carriage, and the parcel into another carriage—I stood by it, and am certain it went from Blackwall—I lost sight of the train when it was inside the Poplar-station.





THOMAS HARDWICK
 (policeman, D 7.) In consequence of information I went to the prisoner's lodging, in Anthony-street, and found a box locked—I broke it open, and found a quantity of linen in it, two empty carpet bags, three padlocks, such as are used for carpet bags, four duplicates, three pairs of drawers, two petticoats, three pinafores, two pairs of shoes, two pairs of stockings, one knife, a basket of toys, and a white veil (produced)—I brought them away with me—I then went to Cheltenham—I got there about two o'clock in the morning, and went to the prisoner's mother's house—I waited till the house was open, between seven and eight o'clock, then went in, and found the prisoner in bed—I said I wanted him, on suspicion of a robbery at the Blackwall Railway—he said he knew nothing about it—I took possession of a leathern portmanteau, and some other things—I asked him where the carpet bags were—he pointed, and said, "There they are, under the bed"—I found these three bags there (produced)—I also found some knitting articles, a pair of stockings, and a handkerchief—Mr. White claims them—the prisoner escaped from me—I and another constable retook him in the fields, trying to get away.





WILLIAM PARDOE BIDDLE
. I am assistant to Mr. Soames, a pawnbroker, in Brick-lane. One of these duplicates is the counterpart of one from our shop—it is for this shawl, pawned by the prisoner on 11th Nov., in the after part of the day (produced.)

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner before? A. Once; two or three weeks before—I saw him with other pri—soners at the Mansion-house, and recognised him immediately.





GEORGE BONHAM
. I am a pawnbreker, at Whitechaple. I produce two shawls, pledged on 11th Nov.—I do not know who by—I did not take them in—this is a duplicate of the ticket on the shawls.

Cross-examined. Q. You know nothing of the date but what you see on the ticket? A. No.





GEORGE WOOD
. I am assistant to Henry Wood, a pawnbroker, of the City-road, I produce articles pawned on 22nd Nov.; I do not know who by—this ticket corresponds with mine; I wrote it—I did not take the articles in—I gave the ticket to the person.





ALFRED WILLIAM HARRIS FOLKARD
. I am a pawnbroker, in the Commercial-road. I produce a child's frock, pawned on 24th Nov.—it corre-sponds with one of the tickets produced by the officer.





JANE SWARMAN
. The prisoner lodged in the same house with me—I showed the officer his box—it was the same one which he broke open.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years more.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)
