



378. 




THOMAS WARMINGTON CROWTHER
 was indicted

for feloniously forging an order for the payment of 30l., with intent to defraud 



william Dixon and others.—2nd COUNT, for uttering the same with a like intent.—3rd COUNT, stating his intent to be to defraud 



Montagu shearman



MR. CLARKSON
conducted the prosecution.






MONTAGU SHEARMAN.
 I am an attorney, and live at No. 14, Duke-street, Adelphi. I keep a banking account at the house of Brookes, Dixon, and co., Chancery-lane—the prisoner was in my service as clerk—he quitted me on Saturday, 5th Dec.—no part of this cheque for 30l., drawn on my bankers, and signed in my name, is my handwriting—I believe it to be the prisoner's writing—I never gave him any authority to draw on my bankers in my name.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. Did you pay the prisoner any salary? A. No—I know him to be of highly respectable connections, and the brother of a clergyman—I believe he was articled to an attorney in the country—after being articled he was in Mr. Lithgow's office—Mr. Lithgow took a partner, named Martin, with whom the prisoner subsequently became partner as solicitors—I also know that he became involved in Martin's liabilities to an enormous amount—Martin took the benefit of some Act—I afterwards took the prisoner into my employment—he had several business friends and connection who might be important to my business, and it was understood that as far as he could he should bring the connection of his partner to me—after a period, I proposed to allow him a participation in the profits of the business—it was understood he was to have a share in the business in the interval, between the period when he came to me and that period—he conducted himself in a manner that me with my entire approval up to very recently before this transaction—in consequence of his connection with some woman I remonstrated with him, and the result of that remonstrance was, that he immediately married her—he appeared very eccentric and irritable at my remonstrance—what he was entitled to, depended on what he had expended—he had kept my cash, and I should have had to go through that to ascertain—I am afraid he would not have been entitled to anything, but I am not able to speak with certainty—if he had wanted 20l. Or 30l. I should have let him have it—after I remonstrated with him I handed him a cheque for 20l. for business purposes, and in consequence of the exceeding eccentricity of his manner I took it away from him—he occasionally had possession of my cheque-book—I drawn cheques on plain pieces of

paper, but very rarely—I usually draw them on the printed form—I never spelt Mr. Dixon's name wrong—I have not balanced my cash-book yet—the prisoner kept the cash the whole of the time—I had the highest opinion of his integrity and conduct—I had not known him before he got embarrassed with this Mr. Martin—he went away the very day I made the complaint, which was on Saturday the 5th Dec.

WILLIAM WALKER. I am one of the cashiers at the house of Dixon and Co., in Chancery-lane—there are three partners, William Dixon, Francis Henry Brooks, and John Shot Dixon. On Saturday, the 5th Dec., at about four o' clock, this cheque was presented to me at the banking-house—I do not know by whom—it was the busiest day of the week, and the busiest hour of the day—I paid it in the three 10l. notes—one of the notes was No. 26577, which note I have now in my hand—the writing and signature of the cheque has a resemblance to that of Mr. Shearman, but in the hurry of business I did not notice it as I should have done—the prisoner never had any account at Dixons' to my knowledge—I have been in the house twenty-three years.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to represent that there is the smallest resemblance to Mr. Shearman's handwriting? A. Yes—I am in the habit of paying his cheques—I did not notice that the cheque was drawn on Dickson and Co., in the hurry of business—Mr. Shearman rarely draws on blank paper—to my knowledge, he never signed his name without the Christian and surname being joined together—there is a similarity in the handwriting in the word "Shearman"—I thought so in the moment of business—I should not have paid it unless it had struck me so at the moment—I mean to swearthere is a resemblance in the writing of the surname.

COURT.
Q. Did you believe it to be the handwriting of the Mr. Shear-man who has been examined, and who has an account at your house? A. Yes, and U paid it on that account.





GEORGE SMITH.
 I keep the star and Grater public-house, in Sloane-square, Chelsea. On Saturday, the 5th of Dec. last, I received a 10l. note from Catherine Mulcher, and gave her change for it—I know this to be the note, because I marked it with my initials.





CATHERINE MULCHER.
 On the 5th of Dec. last I was in the service of Mrs. Nutt, of 35, Sloane-square, Chelsea—the prisoner lodged at her house—he gave me a 10l. note that day, some time before six o'clock in the evening, and told me to get it changed—I took it to the Star and Garter public-house, kept by Smith, and got it changed by him—I gave the money to the prisoner the same evening.





ROBERT SMITH
 (police constable B 72.) On Wednesday evening, the 9th of Dec., I apprehended the prisoner in Solane-square—I searched him, and found on him this cheque—(producing one.)

MONTAGUE SHEARMAN
re-examined. I am acquainted with the prisoner's handwriting—I have seen him write as my clerk—I believe this cheque, produced by Robert Smith, to be his writing—it is his ordinary style of writing—(read)—"Messrs. Dixon and Co., Chancery-lane, London, pay to the bearer 1l. R. Warmington Crowther, Dec. 6, 1846."

ROBERT SMITH
re-examined. I was present when the prisoner was examined on this charge—I heard the Magistrate call on him to know whether he had anything to say—what he said was taken down in writing—this is the Magistrate's signature—(read)—"The Prisioner says, 'I drew this check certainly, but I had an account at Messrs. Dixon's'"
(The Rev. Mr. Crowther, the prisoner's brother; Mr. Frederick La Touche, Insurance-broker, New City-chambers; Mr. William Smith Catchpole, attorney;

and Mr. Robert Wilson, clerk to Mr. Bernardi, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 34.—Recommended to mercy.—



Transported for Ten years.


Before Mr. Justice Erle.

