




954. 




JOHN VICKERS
 and 




WILLIAM SIMMONDS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
4th of Feb., 11lbs. weight of mutton, value 4s., the goods of 



Samuel Matthews; and that Simmonds had been before convicted of felony.






DAVID LESTER
. I am in the employ of Samuel Matthews, a butcher, in Newgate-market. On Saturday night, the 4th of Feb., I saw the prisoners together—they went into the shop, and came out—I saw Vickers take from the board a pair of necks of mutton—I let them go about three yards from the shop—I went after Vickers, touched him on the shoulder, and asked what. he had got there—he said, "Nothing"—he let the necks of mutton fall down by his feet—Simmonds said he was going to take them to the next shop to get them weighed—neither of them had asked a word about the price.

Vickers. Q. How is your shop situated? A. It runs down on each side—the gates go across it—the mutton weighed 9lbs.






WILLIAM KEMP
 (City police-constable, No. 225.) I took the prisoners—Simmonds said he had been with Vickers all the evening, and that they went to buy something for dinner, and were going to take the meat to the next shop to weigh; and he said, "You are very well, but you have not got us right this time"—I said, "You must go to the station with me, and if you can clear your friend you will be set at liberty."

Simmonds. The master gave no charge of me; he did of Vickers, who is my brother-in-law; I went to the master, and said, "It was my fault; it laid at the corner of the board, and I said it belonged to the next shop;"there was no one in the prosecutor's shop; I went to the station, and stated the case, and said I was in my brother's company from half-past six o'clock till that time; the inspector said, "I shall take charge of you;" my brother had no more intention of stealing the meat than he has now; I was never given in charge; the policeman said to me, "It is no use going in, you can do the prisoner no good, he is sure to be locked up;" the meat was on the corner of the board joining the two shops.





DAVID LESTER

re-examined. There were five persons inside my master's shop—I was outside, minding the meat—this meat was lying inside the shop—they could not have been mistaken as to which shop it belonged to—there are places between the two, about seven feet high—it was very good Scotch mutton—I value it at 3 1/2 d. per lb.

Vickers. The two pieces of mutton were lying on one side of the counter, and I said to my brother, "Will you have one of these?"—he said, "Yes"—I took them up, and I dare say I was not three yards off when the witness came and took me by the arm—I then went back to his master, who said, "Stand there, you d----d rascal; I will give you a night's lodging if I can give you nothing else"—I had 2s. 5 1/2 d. about me—I could buy it at 3d. a pound at any shop in the market—there was a witness to prove that I was in the act of turning into the shop, and I desired him to be called, but they would not let him—he gave me his word that he would be here, and speak.





DAVID LESTER

re-examined. There was no witness at all.





WILLIAM KEMP
. There were a number of persons outside—he was asked if he had any friends or witnesses, and he said he had not.





WILLIAM BROWN CROSS
 (police-constable G 217.) I produce a certificate of Simmonds's former conviction, which I got from the Sessions'-house, at Clerkenwell—(read)—he is the person.

VICKERS*—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—



Confined Three Months.


SIMMONDS*—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Fifth Jury, before 


Edward Bullock, Esq.

