




537. 




SARAH CARROLL
was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
27th of December, 1 gown, value 10s.; 1 printed book, value 5s.; 1 necklace, value 10s.; 1 knife, value 6d.; 1 snuff-box, value 4d.; 1 apron, value 6d.; and 1 shawl, value 1s.; the goods of 



Thomas M'Lewee, her master; and 





JOSEPH BLIZZER, 



for feloniously receiving the said necklace and knife, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






THOMAS M'LEWEE.
I live in Roupell-street, Lambeth. I received Carroll into my service from Lambeth workhouse, on Monday the 23rd of December, and on the Friday evening she went away without any notice—we were to give her what wages we pleased—we intended to give her 1s. 6d. a week besides her board—I immediately gave information at the stationhouse, and she was taken next evening at a public-house—I lost the articles stated—the gown is worth 10s., the necklace, 10s., and the prayer book, 5s.





BENJAMIN DODGON.
I am shopman to Mr. Folkard, a pawnbroker, in Lambeth Walk. I produce a gown pawned by Carroll on Friday evening the 27th, and a necklace early on Saturday morning by Blizzer, in the name of Barrett—I am certain of him, though he was differently dressed afterwards—I cannot swear to him positively—I have no doubt of him—Carroll also pawned a book—both that and the gown were in the name of Jennings.

Blizzer. Q. You say I pawned it? A. You are a good deal like the man—you had a black coat and a black hat—it was the very first pledge we took in that morning—it was at a quarter-past eight o'clock.





ROBERT OVENDEN.
I am a policeman. I apprehended Carroll on the evening of the 28th—the prosecutor claimed the apron and shawl she had on—I found on her a snuff-box, and the duplicate of a prayer book—I apprehended Blizzer about a quarter to nine o'clock the same evening, at the Queen's Head public-house, about one hundred yards from the other publichouse—I charged him with stealing a necklace and beads from Carroll—he said, "I have no beads"—I said, "The beads you pawned at Mr. Folkard's this morning"—he said, "So help my G—I had none, nor did I pledge

any—I took him to the station-house, and found a small knife, which was claimed by the prosecutor—he wore a blue cap—I found some new stitches in the lining, and between the lining and band of his cap I found the duplicate of the necklace—I also found a knife on him, which the prosecutor claims.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Blizzer's Defence. On the Friday when Carroll left her place, I was at the Jolly Gardeners public-house—she came in, sat down along side of me, and drank with me—he asked if I would accept of that knife—she gave it to me, and afterwards took a snuff-box out containing a coral necklace and said, "I will make you a present of this for your wife's little girl"—I said, "Where did you get it? "—she said it was her own, and she had bought and paid for it—she asked where I was going—I said towards home—she wanted to go that way, and came with me—I went home, and the went elsewhere—next morning I was at the Queen's Head public-house—I took the necklace out of my pocket—several women there wanted to buy it of me—a shoemaker said, "I will go and pledge it for you"—he did take it, and pawned it for 1s. 6d. and brought me the duplicate—at night I was taken for stealing from Carroll—the pawnbroker said I was the person who pawned the necklace, but before the Magistrate he did not know whether I was the person or not.

CARROLL—


GUILTY.Aged 18.

BLIZZER—


GUILTY.Aged 36.
✗



Transported for Seven Years


Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
