



361. 




JOHN O'BRIEN



, stealing 24 canvas bags, value 1l.; the goods of 



Samuel Hanson; having been before convicted.






THEOPHILUS NORMAN
. I am porter to Mr. Samuel Hanson, orange-merchant, of Botolph-lane. I know the prisoner. On the Morning of 27th Dec. he came and asked me to lend him an empty chest to carry some books in for a person, and he was to leave his coat in the place of the chest, while he went to do the job—he went for the chest to the first-floor warehouse—he was going through the warehouse, and Packburn called out, "Tom, he has something in the chest"—I said, "Stop him then"—he would not stop—I called out, "Jack"—he would not stop, but went on—Packburn went after him, but could not find him, and came back—I then went out and saw him in a passage, and the landlady of a public-house ordering him away, saying, she would not have his stolen things there—I insisted on knowing what he had in the chest, and told him to bring it back—he said he would bring it back presently—I said, "I must have it now"—he at last brought it back, and I insisted on knowing what he had taken in the chest—he said he would bring it back presently, he had left it at Epps's Coffee-house—we inquired, and he had not been there—I then went up the yard with him, and asked the landlady to let me look over her place, and I found in a corner this bundle of bags, with some steps over it, and a knot which the prisoner used—he

then cried and begged Mr. Machin, the foreman, to forgive him—he was taken into custody—these are the bags (produced)—they are my master's.





JOSEPH PACKBURN
. I am porter to Mr. Hanson. On 27th Dec. I saw the prisoner come down the ladder from the warehouse, with something in the chest, which I thought was a bag of orange-paper—I told Norman, and we both called after him—I went out after him, but could not find him—Norman then went out.





WILLIAM BOTWELL
. I am porter to Mr. Hanson. I was in the ware-house when, the prisoner brought the chest back—Norman accused him of taking something—I asked him where was what he had taken out with the chest—he said he had taken nothing—he was asked again, and he said they were at Epps's Coffee-house—I went out with him, and instead of going there, he went up White Hart-court, into a public-house—I followed him—the landlady ordered him out—I again asked him where the things were—he would not tell—I saw Norman pull the bags from under a pair of steps—the prisoner's knot was on the bags, and as soon as he saw Mr. Machin, he went on his knees and begged for mercy, and said he was put up to it, and had a sick wife at home.

Prisoner. I have sold Mr. Hanson 8l. 10s. worth of them. Witness. Not of that sort—the chest was close to the bags.

Prisoner's Defence. A gentleman hired me to carry some things for him, and I borrowed the chest of Norman to take them in; there was nothing in it that I knew of; the knot was not mine; I had lost mine on the Friday before.





JOHN DAVIS
 (City-policeman 551). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction—(read—Convicted Oct., 1847, and confined three months)—I was present—he is the person. 


GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.

