



202. 




WILLIAM JEFFORD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of Dec., 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 



Frederick Luard Wollaston, Esq., from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






FREDERICK LUARD WOLLASTON, ESQ
. I am a barrister; my chamben are at No. 2, Pump-court, Temple. On the 4th of Dec, about a quarter to one o'clock in the day, I was passing through East Smithfield, near Tower-hill—I felt somebody rush up against me, behind—I put my head round to my pocket, and at the same time turned round, and there stood the prisoner with my handkerchief in his hand, quite close to me, almost touching me—I took hold of it, and immediately I took it out of his hand he ran away—I pursued him, crying, "Stop thief!" and after running some little distance, he was stopped by a police-officer—when I came up to him, he said, "You won't give me in charge for this? "—I said, "I shall," and I gave him in charge—I have not brought the handkerchief here—I will swear the handkerchief I took from him was the one I had in my pocket before—I produced it before the Magistrate.

Prisoner. You told the Magistrate you saw another lad pass at the time.

Witness. No, I said there was another lad near you—there was not time for anybody else to take it, and put it in your hand—the other person was at least two yards off—I had not time to put my hand to my pocket before I saw it in your hand.





JOSHUA JUDGE
. I am an inspector of the Thames-police. I was in St. Katherine's dock on the day mentioned, and heard an alarm of "Stop thief!"—I stopped the prisoner—he said, "I have done nothing"—the prosecutor came up, and said he had stolen his handkerchief, which he produced—the prisoner did not deny it, but said, "I hope, Sir, you won't give me in charge."

Prisoner's Defence. I was going along; a lad picked the gentleman's pocket, and threw the handkerchief down; I took it up; the gentleman turned round while I had it in my hand; I held my hand out to him with it; he took it from me, and gave me in charge; the young man passed him at the time.

MR. WOLLASTON re-examined. He was holding the handkerchief down in his left hand, not holding it out to me—he ran away without my saying anything to him—I had not said I would give him in charge.

Prisoner. Q. How can you swear it was your handkerchief? A. I knew it by the mark when I took it from him.





GEORGE WILLIAM GRAVE
 (police-constable K 11.) I know the prisoner—I had him in custody—he was committed from the Thames-police, in March, 1840—he pleaded guilty here, and was confined for three months—I produce a certificate of his conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years
.
(The prisoner had also been summarily convicted three times.)
