



2126. 





ELIZABETH MARTIN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of June, 2 pillow-cases, value 3s.; 1 towel, value 6d.; and 1 apron, value 1s.; the goods of the 

Governors of the General Penitentiary at Millbank, her master.—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 


Daniel Nihill.


MR. BODKIN. conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH HILLARY
. I am matron of the General Penitentiary, Millbank—the prisoner was there under sentence, 'and was discharged on the interference of the Governors in 1841—some employ was procured for her and she left it, having something the matter with her hand—she went to the hospital, and then we took her back to the Penitentiary as under cook. On the 2nd of June, in consequence of missing something, I told her I had lost something, and must search her drawers—I searched them, and found some towels wrapped up in a sleeve of her own night-gown—found two pillow cases, one had the mark picked out, but the stain of the letter still showed the mark—it was the property of the Penitentiary—found an apron and a towel, the towels belong to me, and the apron the Penitentiary—I have a letter I have received from her since she has been in custody—I know it is her handwriting.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not wash for you when you were ill? A. I never employed you—I did not know of her washing for me since Christmas—before then the was in my private service, but she has not been in my service since January—I was ill in February—these things do not require mending—the pillow case I had missed during my illness, and repeatedly made inquiries for it of the prisoner—she said she knew nothing of it—the mark it still on one of them.

COUIT. Q. Was she allowed to go out when she wanted? A. Yes—she was not searched—she might have taken these things out in her pocket—I did not give her these pillow-cases to wash at any time—she may tare washed towels for me, but that must have been before Christmas—I had nothing to do with the pillow-cases—they belong to the establishment—the drawers were locked in which these things were found, and the key was in her pocket.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
