



376. 




JAMES MORRIS
 was again indicted

for feloniously having in his possession a mould impressed with the obverse side of a half-crown.—2nd COUNT, the reverse side.


MR. SCRIVEN
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM PENNY
 (police inspector.) On the 16th of Dec., at seven o'clock at night, I went to a house in Henry-street, Borough, accompanied by Brannan and Tait, in search of the prisoner—I went in with Brannan—Tait remained at the door—having made inquiry below, we went up stairs to the first floor room—I opened the door by turning the lateh, and saw the prisoner standing in his shirt-sleeves—he blew the candle out—he had something in his hand, which he threw out at the window, which was open, and jumped out himself—I had time to see something white in his hand before the candle was blown out—there was a large fire—after he jumped out at the window Brannan left the room—I looked out at the window, and saw the prisoner running up the street—I went down directly—he was pursued, and I met the officers returning with him—we took him to the station in a cab—I returned to the lodging with Brannan, and found on the hob of the grate this piece of line rag, containing twenty-two counterfeit half-crowns and fifty counterfeit shillings, all quite hot, and all in an unfinished state—while I was searching the room the landlord of the house came in—in consequence of what he told me, part of a double mould for casting half-crowns was given me by Martin, in the presence of his wife, who had picked it up—that was a quarter of an hour after the prisoner had jumped out of the window—I received from Mr. Martin a piece of a mould with the tail side of a half-crown upon it.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure there was a candle in the room at all? A. It was on the floor—it was lighted—I saw him blow it out—it was on a table when it was blown out, and it tumbled on the floor—his running to the window might have thrown it down—we were in the room a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes—we did not lock the door; there was no key—we left the room in charge of a girl about fifteen years old—we took the prisoner to the station, and then searched the room in his absence.





JAMES BRANNAN.
 I went with Penny to Henry-street—we went into the room—he opened the door—the prisoner put the light out—I saw something in his hand, which he threw out of the window, and then jumped out himself—I ran down, pursued, and secured him in a house in Ann's-lane, took him to the station, returned to the room, and found two pipkins, one containing a very little white metal, hot, some plaster of Paris, and a basin containing white sand and some plaster of Paris in a dry state—they were on the table—I saw the inspector find the parcel of money.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was the plaster of Paris? In a saucer in the cupboard—I made a mistake when I said a basin—it is not wheat flour—here is a pipkin with sand in it.






HENRY TAIT
 (police-constable.) I remained in the street while Brannan and Penny went into the house—I stood inside the passage, and when they called out I rushed out, and the prisoner came right on me—I and Brannan pursued and secured him.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure he is the man who came out of the window? A. Yes—he was secured nearly a quarter of a mile from the room—I never lost sight of him—there were two turnings, but I was close to him.





ELIZA KIRKMAN.
 I am the wife of Robert Kirkman, of Henry-street; the prisoner lived next door to me. On the 16th of Dec. I heard a noise next door, went out into the street, and saw something lay on the windowcill—I took it up, and my dropped it again because it was so hot—I took it up again, and gave it to my husband—it was white—it was this mould—my husband dropped it, and Mrs. Martin came out and took it up—I saw Mr. Martin give it to the policeman.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not you lose sight of it before it was gives to the policeman? A. Yes—Mrs. Martin took it into her house—I am able to say that what she took up and gave to her husband was what I took up—it was broken then as it is now—it did not break afterwards, because there was snow on the ground—the prisoner has lived next door to me a month or six weeks—he has one little boy there.

ANN MARTIN. I lived next door to the prisoner. On the 16th of Dec., about seven in the evening, I went into the street, and picked up a mould under the window—I took it in-doors, and gave it to my husband—I did not lose sight of it—it was quite warm—it was not lying in the snow—there was no snow, to my knowledge—I lost sight of it when my husband took it up stairs—I afterwards saw him give it to Penny—I believe Mr. Kirkham was present when I took it up—there were many persons there





JOSEPH MARTIN.
 I am the husband of the last witness. On the evening of the 16th of Dec. I received this mould from her, and gave it to Penny.





EMMA OLIVE.
 I am the daughter of William Olive, of No.28, Henry-street The prisoner lodged there—on the 16th of Dec., in the evening, I heard a noise—I recollect the policeman coming to the house, and leaving it—I stood at door from the time they left, till Penny and Brannan came back, and nobody came.

Cross-examined. Q. How many rooms are there in the house? A. Four—two of them were locked, and open—my mother was out—there was a back door—I stood at the front—penny asked which was the prisoner's room when he first came—the policemen were absent about a quarter of an hour—there were a good many people in the street.

MR. SCRIVEN.
Q. Did anybody come in at the back door while you stood at the front? A. No—I should have seen them if they had—there was nobody in the house but myself at the time.





MARY OLIVE.
 On the 9th of Oct. I let this room to the prisoner's wife for herself and husband—I saw him there the same evening—he has been in the habit of paying me the rent ever since—he has been there ever since, but his wife only occasionally—they only had one room.

Cross-examined. Q. How many children had they? A. Five, but not living there—the eldest is eleven years old, and the youngest thirteen months. MR. JOHN FIELD. This is a plaster of Paris mould for casting two half-crowns at once—here is the impression of the obverse side of two half-crowns on it, of different dates—there are two channels—here are twenty-two counterfeit half-crown pieces, of the date of 1819, in the state in which they came from the mould, and forty-four counterfeit shillings.

Cross-examined. Q. You have got nothing that was made by that mould?


A. No—the stuff in this saucer appears like plaster of Paris—I have not tasted it to see that—it is not flour.




GUILTY.* Aged 36.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Erle.

