



59. 




GEORGE JONES
 was indicted

 for feloniously uttering, on the 
5th of November, 1 counterfeit shilling to 



Elizabeth Reeve, well knowing it to be counterfeit, and having been before convicted of a like offence.


MESSRS. ELLIS and—ESPINASSE
conducted the Prosecution,





CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to the Mint I produce a record of the conviction of George Jones in this Court, at the April Sessions, in 1837—I have examined this with the original in Mr. Clark's office—it is a true copy—(read.)





GEORGE GREEN
 (police-constable K 330.) The prisoner is the person mentioned in this record of conviction—I was in Court when he was tried.





ELIZABETH REEVES
. I am a widow, living with my son, George Reeves, in Brick-lane, Spitalfields. On Friday night, the 5th of November, about half-past eleven o'clock, the prisoner came to our shop for a penny pie—he gave me a shilling—I gave him the change—he went out—I gave the shilling to my son, who was at the end of the counter—he said it was bad, and went to the door to look for the prisoner—my son put the shilling into a paper, and put it at the back of the drawer, where we keep the farthings, and where there was no other money—there was nothing else in the paper—he was taken on the Thursday following—he had come to our shop several times for pies.

Prisoner. I went in on the Sunday night, and had two pies, and gave her half-a-crown, and she gave me 2s. 4d. out; I saw her put the shining into the till. Witness. I never saw him again till he was apprehended—I kept the shilling in my hand, and gave it to my son the moment the prisoner went out.





GEORGE REEVES
. I am the prosecutrix's son. On the 5th of November I was in the bake house, and saw the prisoner come into the shop and give my mother a shilling—she kept it in her hand, and gave it to me directly after—I found it was a bad one—I put it into a piece of paper, and put it at the back part of the till, where we keep the farthings—there was nothing else in the paper—I next saw the prisoner on the Thursday following—he was passing the door—I asked if he recollected bringing in a shilling to my

mother on the Friday—he said yes, he recollected bringing the shilling—I said it was a bad one—I asked if he would give me a good one—he would not—a policeman was on the other side, he crossed the way, and I gave him in charge—I fetched the shilling out, and gave it to the policeman—I found it in the paper at that part of the till where I placed it—no one attends my shop but my mother and myself.





ELIZABETH LOWE
. I am the daughter of William Lowe, a greengrocer, in Fleet-street, Bethnal-green. On the 3rd of November the prisoner came to my father's shop, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the morning—I served him with a loaf of bread, which came to 4d. he gave me a shilling—I gave him 6d. change, and he went away—I took the shilling to my mother, and she showed it to my father—he wrapped it up in paper, and locked it up in the drawer—I am quite sure the prisoner is the man—I had seen him four or five days before.

Prisoner. Q. How long elapsed till you saw me again? A. when the policeman came and showed him me at Worship-street.

COURT. Q. Did the policeman tell yon that was the man A. No; he asked if that was the man—I said it was—I am sure it is the same man—I saw him once before he passed the shilling.





MARY LOWE
. I am the witness's mother. On the 3rd of November she brought me a shilling between eleven and twelve o'clock—I thought it was bad, and gave it to my husband—he wrapped it in paper, and put it at the back of the drawer.





WILLIAM LOWE
. On the 3rd of November I received a shilling from my wife—I found it was a bad one, and put it into the back of my drawer—I gave it to the policeman Smith on the day he came to me.





JOHN SMITH
 (police-constable H 189.) I was on duty about half-past one o'clock on Thursday morning—walking by Reeve's house, I heard the prisoner and Reeves wrangling about a bad shilling—I ran across the road and took him—before I could secure him he made his escape, and ran from Reeves's house, as far as Spital-street, the best part of a quarter of a mile—I followed, springing my rattle—I did not lose sight of him—he was stopped by another officer—on the road to the station I asked him the reason of his running away—he said the only reason was, that though he was innocent, he was so well known, he should have been locked up—I got this shilling from Reeves and another from Lowe—on Friday the 12th I took Elizabeth Lowe to Worship-street—I took her into the yard-I in-quired of the jailor whether there was a prisoner there whom she might be allowed to see, to see if it was the person who had passed the shilling to her (she had given me a description of the prisoner before)—the jailor unlocked the cell—he called her forwards, and asked her to see if the prisoner was there—there were about seven or eight more prisoners in the cell—the girl went, and put her finger on the prisoner, and said, "This is the man "—I had not pointed him out to her.





ELIZABETH LOWE

re-examined. I went to Worship-street—the police-man asked the jailor if I might see the prisoners—the door of the cell was opened—there were seven or eight persons there—the jailor said "Which is the man?"—I picked out the prisoner—the policeman did not tell me which was him, or any thing of the sort—I am sure of that—I had given a description of him to the policeman before I went there.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not say the policeman showed me to you?






JOHN GREEN

re-examined. I was present when Elizabeth Lowe spoke to the prisoner being the man—she picked him out without any assistance —the jailor gave her strict orders to be very particular, and she said he was the man.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to Her Majesty's Mint—these are both counterfeit in all respects, but not from the same mould.

Prisoner's Defence. On the 5th of November I went into Mrs. Reeve's shop, as I frequently did, for a pie; I gave her a shilling; she gave me change. On Sunday night I went again, and nothing was said about the shilling till the night I was taken, between ten and eleven o'clock—he asked me about giving the shilling, I said, "I remember giving the shilling, but I did not know it was bad." On the 16th of November the policeman brought this girl to me; it is likely she may be mistaken.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.
