



1934. 




AUGUSTUS HALIFAX
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging and uttering an order for the payment of 65l.;, with intent to defraud 



George Carr Glynn and others.—Two other COUNTS, stating his intent to be to defraud 



Edward Western and others.—Two other COUNTS, with intent to defraud 



Edward Western and another.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






ROBERT EAGLESFIELD GRIFFIN
. I am a clerk and cashier in the firm of

George Carr Glynn and others; there are six partners. On the 25th of July this check for 65l.;, signed E. Western, was presented by some one, I do not know who, at the counter of the banking-house—I paid it in twenty-five sovereigns, and four 10l.; notes, Nos. 56319 to 56322 inclusive, dated the 4th of June, 1844.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Were you the person who received this check? A. Yes, and I paid the money—I took down the numbers at the time—it took two or three minutes.





EDWARD WESTERN
. I am a solicitor, and live in Great James-street, Bedford-row. I keep a cash account at the house of Glynn and Co., and am in the habit of drawing checks on that house—the prisoner was in my employment from six to nine months—he was first employed as a permanent clerk—he ceased to act in that capacity, I should think about two years ago—I have employed him occasionally, and given him writing to do out of the office since that time till the present—I do not doubt that he had an opportunity of knowing that I kept an account at Glynn's—my check-book was usually on the table in my office—this is the book—there are three checks printed on every page—on the first discovery of this forgery I examined the book, and missed the last sheet from it—I have two numbers on my checks, my own private number, and the printed number which is on them when Glynns issue them, which is B. X., 901 to 1200—my number is put on them when I fill them up—it would not be on the blank checks—the check produced is not my handwriting, or any part of it, nor was it written by my authority—the signature, I should say, was a good imitation of mine—I am acquainted with the prisoner's handwriting, and have seen him write frequently—I believe the filling up of this check to be his writing—the signature is not like his writing, it is an imitation of mine—the name and address on this bank-note, "James Martineau, 9, William-street, Islington," I believe to be the prisoner's writing.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe the prisoner is a relation of yours? A. No—the family do not consider him a relation—his father was my uncle—he is an illegitimate child—I have frequently seen writing of his in the office, briefs that he has copied—I cannot recollect when my attention was last called to it—his is a very stiff handwriting, and he writes very slow—I call his whole writing peculiar from A to Z—his f is always peculiar, ending square at the bottom, and every letter—this "James Martineau" is not much feigned—it is not much like his ordinary writing—it is more like his writing than that in the check—I have a stronger belief about it—he lived at one time with his mother, but I do not think he did latterly.

COURT. Q. Was your own private number for your information or the banker's? A. Merely for my own—it is a number in the margin which I put when I fill up the checks, and of which the bankers take no notice, because I might possibly issue a check without putting that number, which I should do if I did it away from the office.





JOHN RICHARD SYKES
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England. On the 25th of July I cashed these four 10l.; notes, numbers 56319 to 56322, dated the 4th of June, 1844—I gave forty sovereigns for them—I do not know the person who presented them—I do not remember asking the person to write his name—I might have done so, if he had not done it before—I should not have cashed them without the name and address—we always require it—this is "James Martineau."

Cross-examined. Q. You gave the money? A. Yes—I have never seen the prisoner before to-day—I was not examined at the police-office.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you also enter the name in a book? A. Yes—the entry there is "Martineau, four 10l.; notes"—the name is only on one of the notes.






CHARLES FRANCIS WESTERN
. I am brother to the first witness, and am a solicitor, in Great James-street I know the prisoner—I have been in the habit of seeing his writing, and seeing him write at my office—this check was not written by me, or by my authority or knowledge—I believe the filling up in the body of it is in the prisoner's handwriting—I believe this name and address on the back of this bank note to be in his handwriting.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you a stronger belief of the one than the other? A. That on the back of the note is more like his ordinary writing than the other—I think it is quite as stiff as the other—stiffness is the character of his handwriting—I think this on the note is more like his ordinary writing than the other—I have had frequent opportunities of seeing his writing—I first saw this check on the Wednesday or Thursday following the date of it—that was before the prisoner was taken into custody—I was with my brother in the room when he got the pass book from the bankers—I saw this note on the following day—the prisoner was given into custody on Saturday morning—I did not show this to any of the clerks till after the prisoner was taken—it was shown by Mr. Bush.





EDGAR THEODORE HEPBURN
. I am clerk in the service of Messrs. Western. I have known the prisoner about three years—I am very well. acquainted with his handwriting—I believe this check to be his handwriting, and the writing on the back of this note I believe to be his.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to swear that you have any belief on the subject of this check? A. Yes—I believe it to be his handwriting—this is the first time I have seen it—I have seen one of the notes before—his is a very peculiar hand—I should know it ever so much disguised—I think I could trace it if quite altered—it is quite altered there—it is a very strong writing—I never saw a hand like it—this check is more disguised than the other—it is not so strong, not so much in the character of his handwriting—I do not think it so stiff as the other—it is not so much like his general writing, it appears to be freer—this on the note I think is more like his general writing.





WILLIAM MEE
. I am clerk in the service of Messrs. Western, and have been so nearly eighteen years. I am acquainted with the prisoner's handwriting—I believe this filling up of the check to be the prisoner's writing disguised—the body of it bears a very strong resemblance to his—I am more inclined to think it is his than any one else's—I believe the body of it to be his—the handwriting on the back of this bank note I think is also his—I was at the office on the 24th of July last—the prisoner came there in the course of that day—he was at that time occasionally employed—he passed through Mr. Charles Western's room into mine—Mr. Charles Western was not there—he waited in my room a few minutes, and then went into Mr. Charles's room again on his way out—whilst he was there I heard a sound like a sheet of paper being torn in two—there are two doors which open from my room into Mr. Charles's—when he went out he partly closed the door, he could not quite shut it—I could not see him after he had partly closed it—I heard the sound almost immediately he went into the room—I did not go into the room just then, I did in about five or six minutes—he was not there then—I think the bankers' check book was lying on Mr. Charles's table at that time, I cannot say for certainty, I think it was—it is occasionally there, and occasionally in Mr. Edward's room—I do not recollect that I had seen it in the course of the day—I had no occasion to look for it—I do not know that I did see it except at the time I went in—I think I did then, I cannot say for certain.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you first recollect that you heard anything like the tearing of paper? A. Some days after—I cannot specify the exact time when Mr. Edward first found out that this forgery was committed—it was before I was examined before the Lord Mayor—I am quite sure of that—I

cannot state the time I first recollected it—Mr. Western told me I must recall to memory what occurred as far as I could—I do not recollect that he suggested that it could hardly have been done without my knowing it—I told him about the tearing of the paper immediately I recollected it—he was the first person I told of it—I cannot state the day I told him—it was before I was examined before the Lord Mayor—I will swear it was before the examination—I am quite certain about it—I did not mention it to him on the first occasion, because I did not recollect it—I was examined by the Lord Mayor, and I went before the Grand Jury—I believe the body of this to be the prisoner's writing, and this on the note likewise—I should say they are both his writing—I have not more belief about the one than the other.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Do you remember being examined at the office of Messrs. Bush and Mullens, solicitors for the prosecution? A. I do—that was before I went before the Lord Mayor—I mentioned about the tearing the paper to the clerk of the solicitors, but not at his office in St. Mildred's-court.





WILLIAM KENTISH
. I am an engraver, in Change-alley, Cornhill. I engrave the check books for the house of Glynn and Co.—this check book of Mr. Western is one that I engraved—at the end of this book a sheet has been torn out—this is one of the checks that I engraved, forming part of this book.





JOHN FORRESTER
. I am an officer of the City. I took the prisoner into custody on this charge on the 3rd of Aug., in London-street, Caledonian-road, where he said he lived—on searching his boxes, I found fifty sovereigns in a little box, and on his person 5l.; 10s. in gold, and 2l.; 1s. in silver—57l.; altogether, and fifteen pawnbrokers' duplicates, three of which are of recent date, the others are in 1843—they are for small amounts—in consequence of directions I received, I have made inquiries about a person of the name of Martineau, of No. 9, William-street, Islington—there is no such number in the street, and no such person.





WILLIAM COCKING
. I live at No. 25, London-street, Caledonian-road, Islington. The prisoner lodged with me about three months, up to the 25th or 26th of July last—he was to pay me 4s. a-week—the first month he paid me pretty fair, but after that it was dropped, and went on for several weeks—he owed me 1l.; 12s. for rent before he left—that was up to the very day he left, 26th of July—on that day he paid me 1l.; 10s.—he paid me with two sovereigns—I did not see whether he had any more money about him—he came down and said, "Cocking, I shall pay you"—I said, "Very good"—he said, "Will 30s. do for you?"—I said, "I don't know, my rent is 1l.; 12s., I will name it to Mrs. Cocking; I dare say we shall not be particular for 2s."—I went into the shop—my wife came in—I said I would not mind 2s., so he handed me over two sovereigns—I said, "I have not got change, I will go and get it"—he said, "Never mind for the present, any time will do in the course of the day"—I thought it would be handy for him, and I got change and gave him the 10s.—he appeared as usual—not at all excited—a cab fetched his boxes away that evening—he left with it—he rode outside—I do not know where he went—next day, or the day following, he came to ask if there were any letters for him—I did not see any change in his dress then—I did not let him in—I never saw him after that day.
(Thomas Hewit Key, lecturer, at University College; William Wells, attorney's clerk, Tokenhouse-yard; Ellen Clark, wife of a bookseller; Sarah Morgan, wife of a cabinet-maker; and Mary Dodd, wife of John Dodd, of No. 56, Marchant-street; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY, strongly recommended to mercy. Aged 20.—



Transported for Seven Years.



Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

