



598. 




PATRICK CONNER
 was again indicted

 for stealing 1 coat, value 1l.;, the goods of 



Thomas Matthew Davis: 1 shawl, 10s.; 1 pair of earrings, 3s.; and 1 brooch, 2s.; the goods of 



Sarah Davis; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






SARAH DAVIS
. I am a widow, and live at No. 55, Museum-street, Bloomsbury. I have known the prisoner about twenty years—on the 27th of Dec. I went out about half-past four o'clock—I locked my door, and left my key over the ledge of the door, for my grandson, who was out—I came home about a quarter to six—I missed my key, and opened it with another—I found my box was entirely broken, and things banging out of it—I missed a great-coat of my son Thomas's, and a shawl, a pair of ear-rings, and a brooch, of my own, from the looking-glass—the prisoner's wife lived with me—the prisoner and her were separated—she was living with me at this time—she went out with me, and came back with me, so that she could not have taken the things.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you before this make a plot with Mrs. Jones to have me punished? A. Never—I never said so at the Grapes, Seven-dials—you robbed me several times, and I denied you coming to my place.





ELIZABETH ELLEN NEWELL
. I am the wife of Charles Newell. I was stopping with my aunt, in a room next to the prosecutrix's—on the evening of the 27th of Dec, whilst sitting at tea with my aunt, the prisoner came to my aunt's door, opened it, and said, "I beg pardon," as if he had made a mistake—he closed the door directly—I took a light, went to the door, and saw him standing very near Mrs. Davis's door—I asked what he wanted—he pointed to Mrs. Davis's door, and said he wanted his wife—about a quarter past to five o'clock, a little after this, I went out to light a friend down stairs, and saw him stooping down, as if he was feeling for the key-hole of the door—after letting my friend out, I directly came up, and found the key in Mrs. Davis's door, on the outside, and the prisoner was in the room—I went and tapped at Mrs. Davis's door—he said, "Out"—I asked if Mrs. Davis was in, and he said, "Out," a second time—I knew the prisoner's voice—about five minutes after I heard the footsteps of a man going down stairs—that was about twenty-five minutes after five o'clock.






JHON NEEDY
, clothes salesman, No. 10, Monmouth-street. On the evening of the 27th of Dec., between five and six o'clock, I saw the prisoner walking along, with this coat over his arm—he offered it for sale, I gave him 5s., and he was to give me 6s. for it back on the Saturday following.





ANN LOMAX
. I am the wife of Henry Lomax, and deal in female wearing apparel, at No. 18, Monmouth-street. On the 27th of Dec. the prisoner came to my shop, and offered this shawl for 1s.—I asked if it was his own—he said it was his wife's—I gave him 1s. for it the officer came in at the moment, and took him.





WILLA POCOCK
 (police-constable F 81.) I took the prisoner into custody in Monmouth-street, on another charge, and found this brooch and earring in his pocket.

MRS. DAVIS
re-examined. This brooch, ear-ring, and shawl, are mine—the coat is my son's, and was in my box.

Prisoner's Defence. It is a complete plot; I have been there several times, as fellows came after my wife; Mrs. Davis is such a wretch as that; her own brother was transported for highway robbery; they are a bad family all together; I do not deny listening at the door; I found these things on the landing; the prosecutrix has come to swear anything in the world; her son would not come forward; she takes her own daughter to France in the summer time to make a prostitute of her, and the same with my wife; I can never get a chance to see her; they would swear my life away, and hang me, if they could; the ear-rings are only brass; it is all a plot; they put the things on the landing because they knew I was next door; I could not get in this night, because they had these fellows there; I tried to burst the door open; they are a desperate family altogether.

MRS. DAVIS
re-examined. My son was at Bow-street, and they said he need not come here—I live with my son-in-law, Mr. Lowe, who is a respectable man, and has his country house in Bayswater—I do not know what the prisoner means—I have always worked hard for my living, my son, and all—I have lived in the same house forty years—his wife came to me when he was in the House of Correction, as she had no place to put her head in—I have known her for years, as a very industrious and hard-working woman, and I gave her an asylum, and I have lent the prisoner a bed to lay on when he had not one.

Prisoner. Her son is a blacking-bottle maker, he keeps his country house, and lives with her daughter, whom she takes to France to prostitute.





CHARLES ROBERTS
 (police-constable D 26.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—I was present at the trial—he is the person described in this certificate—(read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 50.—


Transported for Ten Years.

