



1798. 




EDWARD EVANS
 was indicted

 for stealing at 
St. Martin-in-the-fields, 2 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, and 45l. bank-notes; the monies of 




Mary Midlam, in her dwelling-house.






MARY MIDLAM
. I keep a lodging-house in Spring-gardens, in the parish of St. Martin's-in-the-fields—it is my dwelling-house—the prisoner was in my service as porter and waiter. On the 10th of May I went out for a short time, and left him alone in charge of the house—I returned soon after nine in the evening, and could not get in—I got a person to enter at the window and let me in—the prisoner was gone—he had been a month in my service—I went to my bureau, which I found locked as I had left it, but missed 4 5l., notes and 2l. 10s. in gold, which I know was safe early in the day—I found the prisoner at Bow-street, a fortnight ago—I had given notice to the police directly I was robbed—I have seen two notes since, which I believe to be mine, but one I am certain about—I cannot swear to the number—I got the numbers from the gentleman who paid me them—I had received three from Mr. Beardmore, and the other from Scotland—I believe the one (16442) is one of the three.





NATHANIEL BEARDMORE
. I am an engineer, and live at Pimlico. In April or May I received eighteen 5l. bank notes from my bankers—I took the number of several of them about the time I received them—I paid Mrs. Midlam 16441, 42, 43, 47, and 48, dated April 2nd 1846—the note produced is one of them.





ROBERT HOUSEMAN
. I keep the Horse and Groom public-house, Whitcombe-street—I knew the prisoner in Mrs. Midlam's service. On Sunday the 10th of May, he came to my house for change for a 5l. note, which Mrs. Houseman gave him—I do not know the note—I saw him go out with fire sovereigns in his hand.





ROBERT YOUNG
 (police-constable.) I apprehended the prisoner on Woolwich-common—he gave the name of Stevens—I told him the charge—he said he knew nothing about it.





WILLIAM BEVAN
. I am porter at an hotel in Spring-gardens. On the 10th of May, Mrs. Midlam spoke to me—I got in at the window of her house, which was unfastened, and let her in.





GEORGE FRANCIS WALKER
. I keep the Queen's Arms-tavern, at Margate. On the 14th of May the prisoner came to lodge there, and changed a 5l. note—he put the name of Edward Evans on it in my presence—I believe this to be the note—here is the name which he put on it (looking at the note No. 16442.)

Prisoner. I believe it is E. Stevens upon it. Witness. I read it as Edward Evans.





EDWIN AUGUSTUS BUSHILL
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England—this note, No. 16442, was paid at the Bank on the 25th of June.

Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutrix said at the first examination she left the money all safe, and afterwards that others might have an opportunity of taking it.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years. Before Mr. Justice Maule.

