



1643. 



EDWARD WALKER
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




George Hammond, about two in the night of the 
15th of July, and stealing 1 clock, value 21, 10.; 1 writing-desk, 21,; 1 seal, 1l.; 1 key, 1l.; 1 pair of ear-rings, 5s,; 1 model of a church, 10s.; l glass shade,2s.; 1 box, 1s.; 2 pair of ornaments, 2s.; 1 shilling, 1 groat, 1 3d. piece, 12d. piece, 1 silver penny, and 2 pence; his property; and that he had been previously convicted of felony.






GEORGE HAMMOND
. I am a merchant's clerk, and live at Whitehorse-terrace. On the 16th of July, about a quarter past two o'clock in the morning, I heard a noise in the house, came down, and found some things packed up in a bag, and other things removed ready for packing—I heard a noise outside—I heard the bars lifted—I ran to the door and heard men going out—I called, "Police"—a man left a coat and a knife behind him—the prisoner is about the size of the man I saw running away—I missed several things, and found a clock removed about a couple of yards—the kitchen window was propped up with a knife which somebody had brought—I had





WILLIAM DANIEL SMITH
 (policeman.) On the morning of the 16th of July, was called in, and the kitchen window wasshown me—I apprehended the P" soner on the 10th of Aug.—I found this coat at Mr. Hammond's—I have seen it before—I had apprehended the prisoner on the 12th of April—he endeavoured

to get away from me, and tore his coat on the right cuff—this coat I also torn, and I know it to be the coat he wore on that occasion—he said at the station, "you know where I bought it and what I gave for it"

Prisoner. This coat that I have on is the one you tore. Witness. That is torn on the left cuff—it was the right that was torn before—I am certain of that.





JAMES SONELL
 (policeman.) I noticed the coat the prisoner had on when he was taken in April—this now produced is it—I will swear to it—I have had him in custody several times and know his coat well—I can swear to it without any doubt—I particularly noticed it because he complained of it before me at the station and held it up and said, "Look where he has torn my coat"—I will swear it was on the right arm—it had a velvet collar—(the coat produced had a velvet collar and the one the prisoner had on had not.)

Prisoner. I have a witness to prove it is not my coat. Witness. The witness you intend to call is waiting his trial at Clerkenwell for pot-stealing.





JAMES ANDREWS
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted March, 1845, and confined nx months)—he is the person tried and convicted—I have given evidence against him four times besides, and he has been twice summarily convicted.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
