



82. 




MARGARET CALLAGHAN
. was indicted

for stealing, on the 
12th of November, 1 coat, value 1l., the goods of 



William Coombes, from his person.






WILLIAM COMBES
. I was staying at the Britannia public-house, in Barbican,

with my brother. On the night of the 12th of November I was at a public-house in Gray's-inn-lane—I did not get drank there—I had taken more than I ought, but I could walk very well—I left about half-past eleven o'clock—I think some women were in my company—they said my coat was dirty, and offered to brush it—they helped me off with it, and ran away with it—I do not consider I was drunk.

Prisoner. Q. Can you swear I was in your company? A. I do not know—the coat now produced is mine.





CHARLES JARVIS
. I am potman at the Crown and Barley Mow, in Gray's Inn-lane. On the 12th of November, the prosecutor was there with the prisoner and some women, he left between eleven and twelve o'clock—he was nearly drunk, but I should think he knew what he was about—the prisoner followed him out.

Prisoner. Q. How can you say I was there? A. I swear to you, you had no bonnet or shawl on.





CHARLES COUSIN
. (police-constable G 42.) I was in Turnmill-street, about one o'clock in the morning of the 13th of November, and saw the prisoner with a bundle, wrapped up in a shawl—I stopped her, and asked what she had there—she said, "Ask my——, you——"—I said, "What have you got?"—she said, "Well, I have got a coat, it belongs to my man"—I asked where she had got it, she said, "Never mind, it is all right; give me St., and you shall have it"—I took her into custody, and as I was conveying her to the station-house, she said, "You can keep the coat, let me go, and I will come to-morrow morning and pawn it, and you shall have half the money—she afterwards told me she had robbed a b——swell of it, in the neighbourhood of Tash-court, and left him there, and that the b——was drunk.

Prisoner. I told him I had picked it up in Brook-street. Witness. She did not—she said what I have stated—she had a bonnet on when I took her, and her shawl was wrapped round the coat—she had a handkerchief wrapped round her shoulders—Turnmill-street is about three hundred yards from Tash-court and the public-house.





WILLIAM COOMBE
. re-examined. I do not recollect going to Tash-court—I do not know the name of the place—I was never in that neighbourhood before, except in Gray's Inn-lane.

Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the man, and never drank with him; I picked the coat up in Brook-street, Holborn.




GUILTY
. of Stealing, but not from the Person. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.
