



2612. 




SAMUEL RUSH
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Reeves, at 
St. Dunstan, Stebon-heath, alias Stepney, about twelve in the night of the 
27th of September, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 bottle-stand, value 25s.;3 bottles, value 20s.; 1 cruet-stand, value 18s.; 6 cruets, value 12s.; 5 spoons, value 25s.; 1 coat, value 1l. 10s.; 1 blanket, value 1s.; and 1 table-cover, value 2s. his property; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM REEVES
. I have a house in the parish of Stepney. On the 27th of September I went to bed about half-past eleven, or a quarter to twelve o'clock—I was the last person up—I saw part of the house fastened, and the servant fastened the other part—he is not here—I saw the man fasten the parlour window-shutters and the street door—I went out through the back-door about eleven o'clock, but I did not see it fastened afterwards—I do not of my own knowledge know it was fastened, but the entrance was effected through the parlour window—I came down stairs about six o'clock in the morning—I found both the parlour and kitchen in confusion, every thing was turned out of the drawers—I saw the glass of the parlour-window had been cut near the fastening, the fastening undone, and the window-sash pulled down—the fastening of the shutter had not been touched at all—the shutters do not go far enough up to the top, and they had got over the top—the shutter was still fastened when I found it—it had not the appearance of having been removed at all—lucifer-matches were strewed about the whole of the room—a cupboard had been broken open, and I missed the property stated—I did not hear the least noise in the night—the shutters reach to within one pane, or rather more, of the top— there was plenty of room for the body of a man between the shutter and the ceiling—the window was fastened when I went to bed—there are two

sashes fastened together by a catch—one of the panes of glass was broken, and the catch moved—I found the window open in the morning, so that a person could get in—the shutter is inside—there is room for a hand to go between the shutter and the sash.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you any other Christian name but William? A. No—I do not carry on any business—I am not at all certain with respect to the back-door.





HENRY HOBSON
 (City police-constable, No. 669.) I saw the prisoner in Dorset-street, Spitalfields, about half-past six o'clock in the morning of the 28th of September—when he got to the end of Dorset-street, he looked in all directions, turned round, and I think saw me—he then walked A good deal quicker than before—I suspected, and followed him, but could not catch him till he crossed Bishopsgate-street, into Farrier's rents—I stopped him at the top of Farrier's-rents—he had a bundle on his shoulder—I asked what he had got in the bundle—he said he did not know—I asked where he brought it from—he said he met a gentleman in Osboro-street, Whitechapel, who asked him to carry the bundle, and he would give him 1s.—I asked where the gentleman was—he said, "He is here, is he not?"—he looked about, and I did the same, but there was no gentleman with him at all—I told him to take the bundle down, and let me see what he had got in it—as soon as he took the bundle down, I saw the handles of the stands poke out from the bundle—I told him I did not think it was right, I should take him to the station-house, and no doubt I should find an owner for them very soon—I took him to the station, and the bundle contained one liquor-frame, three decanters, a cruet-stand, one bottle, and one black-coat, which I produce.

MR. REEVES
re-examined. I can swear to this coat by my name being on it—it is one of the coats I lost that night—the whole of these other things are mine—I can swear to all of them—I missed them that night—they were in the house when I went to bed.





MICHAEL MATHAK
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read)—I was present at his trial and conviction—he is the same man.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Life.

First Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

