






507. 




FREDERICK BUTLER,



 FREDERICK THOMAS
, and 




THOMAS LIVERMORE



, stealing, at 
St. Mary Abbott's, Kensington, 8 shirt studs, 3 shirt pins, 2 coats, and other articles, value 14l.; the goods of 



Arthur Pratt Barlow; also, 1 bag, value 6d.; the goods of 



Mary Boland; also, 1 time-piece, value 6l.; the goods of 



Frederick Richard Pratt Barlow, in his dwelling-house; and 





JOSEPH HOLLIS



, for feloniously receiving part of the said goods; to which


BUTLER pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

THOMAS pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

LIVERMORE pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 18.






Transported for Seven Years.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY BOLAND
. I am housemaid in the service of Mr. Frederick Richard Pratt Barlow, of 24, Kensington-square. Mr. Barlow has been away some time, and the house has been under repair—Livermore was employed on the premises as a plasterer, and Thomas also—I know nothing Bulter—one Sunday. I do not know the date, I left the house for about an hour, and came back about a quarter past four—I did not then miss anything—out the following Wednesday morning I missed eight shirt studs, some shirt pins, a watch key, some clothes, a masonic guard, and other things.





EMMA HAMILTON
. On Sunday, 19th Dec., I was living with my sister, at 1, Cottage-court, Orchard-street, Westminster. I know Thomas, he came to my sister's about eleven o'clock in the morning, and soon after, Livermore and Butler came—Butler was living with my sister—I heard Thomas say to Butler that he was going down to mind the house for the housekeeper, at Barlow's—Butler said, that would be a good chance to get in; and they all left about half-past one o'clock—I saw Livrmore again about half-past five in the evening, and he said he had got in—he had a bundle with him which contained handkerchiefs scarfs, a medal, a pair of trowsers, and a

pipe—he did not say where he had got in—I afterwards met Butler and Thomas, at Hyde Park-corner—I heard Butler say to Livermore that they had got the things out, and Livermore said to Butler, he was a fool to leave the things in his mother's wash-house—they then all three agreed to go down and remove them, and I left them—I saw them all three again between nine and ten in the evening, at the King and Queen, in Kensington—my sister was with me—Livermore, Butler, and my sister left, and I did not see them again till between twelve and one at night—they then had some shirts on and a coat—they had no time-piece—I first saw the prisoner, Hollis, as he was coming into my sister's room with Livermore, between seven and eight on Monday evening—Livermore had been to fetch him—I, my sister, and Thomas were there—a time-piece, some waistcoat, a medal, a telescope, and a pipe, with a black handle, were shown to Hollis—he said Livermore was a fool to take the pipe, as it would betray him—and Hollis then broke the pipe—he put three of the waistcoats and the black coat on his body, and put the medal and telescope in his pocket, with the cigarcase, and a handkerchief—this was about half-past eight—Livermore then put a pair of trowsers over his arm, and he and Hollis left together—they came back again about a quarter to nine, with a young woman, who I now know to be Hollis's wife—Hollis gave her the time-piece, and said, "Mind how you take it, for there is somebody after me" all the prisoner then left, and I saw no more of them till they were in custody—this is the timepiece—(produced.)





WILLIAM MIDDLETON
. I LIVE AT 59 Portland-street, Walworth. My employer's premises are wine and ale stores, in Pudding-lane. City—Hollis came there on the Wednesday before Christmas, and brought two paper parcels and a bundle, and wanted me to take care of them for him for a day or two—I said I would—I had known him fifteen or eighteen months—there was no one with him—his wife came on the Monday morning following—I knew her—she said she wanted the packages that her husband had left there—I gave her two of them—I do not know what was in them—I kept one of them, which was locked upo in a drawer, of which I happened not to have the key—I gave that to the policeman—he opened it in my presence, these articles of clothing were in it.





THOMAS BRADSHAW
 (policeman, T 130,) I know Hollis and a person who may be his wife—I received a time-piece, scarf, and handkerchief form her, in High-street, Kensington—the time piece was produced at the station-house the night Hollis was taken, she came to the station with him and me, and Sergeant Hogan—it was after that I received it from her—Mr. Barlow's house is in the parish if St. Mary Abbott's Kensington.





JOHN HOGAM
 (police-sergeant, T 25. Examined by Hollis.) you told me on the way to the station that you were only waiting for a day or two to see if reward would be offered for the property.

COURT. Q. Did he tell you where the rest was? A. I got a clue to him by information I got from Hamilton.





MARY BOLAND

re-examined This time-piece is my master's—these coat and other articles are Mr. Arthur Barlow's and were in the house—there is other property missing—I missed the time-piece on Tuesday, and the other articles on Wednesday—Thomas was the one I left in charge of the house—I believed him to be a good steady boy from what I had seen of him at work in the house—he was in the employ of Mr. Hunt, the painter—I never saw Butler.


Hollis's Defence. On Monday night, about half-past nine o'clock, I was going home, after having been out with my writing-paper, as I always do; I went to have a pint of beer; Livermore came in, and said he wanted me; I went with him; he took me up stairs, and the witness was there, and the property; I said, "What do you want? I don't know where to sell them; where did you get them?" he said they were his own; I took the property to sell for 2l. 10s.; I was telling a gentleman who kept a public-house about it, and he said I had better keep the things till I could find where they came from; I took them to Mr. Middleton, and asked him to allow me to leave them there for a day or two; On Friday the policeman oame and took me; I told him I had the things, and that my wife should fetch them; the witness burnt the pipe; I never saw it, and she carried the things home; she is trying to get me into trouble, to get herself out of it; I did not know the property was stolen; what I said to my wife was,"Mind you don't drop it."





EMMA HAMILTON

re-examined. He said, "Somebody is after me"—he took the pipe out of the cupboard himself, and broke it is three.

Thomas. You burnt it, and helped to carry the time-piece home.

HOLLIS**—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

