



2642. 




JOHN HOARE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of September, 1 handkerchief, value 1s. 6d.; and 12 packets of court plaister, value 3s. 6d.; the goods of 



George Dabbs; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






GEORGE DABBS
. I deal in druggist's sundries, and live in Mason-street,

Old Kent-road. On the 3rd of September I had a horse and cart standing at the Greyhound inn at Staines—I had a silk handkerchief in the chaise, tied up, with some vegetables in it, and some court plaister in a box in the back of the chaise—I left them in the chaise-house while I went to do business in the town, and when I was going to start I missed the handkerchief—the beans and cucumbers were thrown over the other things—I know they had been safe twenty minutes before—I had some suspicion, and followed the prisoner—I overtook him a short distance from Ashford-gate, on the Kingston-road—just before I overtook him I saw him throw the handkerchief away—I got out of my chaise, collared him, and said he was ray prisoner—my brother picked up the handkerchief, and this plaster was in it—this is the handkerchief—it is mine—I took back the prisoner to the Greyhound, and gave him to the police.

Prisoner. He had been drinking there all day. Witness. I did not get there till three o'clock, and left about five.





CHARLES BUTLER
. I am a policeman. On Saturday evening, the 3rd of September, I saw the prosecutor, with the prisoner in custody—I took him, and received the handkerchief and plaister—he said at the station that be found the handkerchief.

Prisoner's Defence. When I went out of the door I bid the prosecutor good afternoon; he said, "Don't go yet, stop, and have another game;" he missed a handkerchief; I told him his brother had got it, and his brother gave it him; I then went out, and found the court plaister and the handkerchief on the ground.





THOMAS PHILLIPS
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
