



592. 




GEORGE SAMUEL ABRAHAMS
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 brooch, value 10s.; 1 spoon, 4s.; 5 searfs, 13s.; 6 printed books, 12s.;10 handkerchiefs, 1l.; 2 waistcoats, 10s.; 1 cap, 5s.; 1 cribbage-board, 3s.; 1 collar, 3s.; 1 cape, 1s.; 1 snuff-box, 2s.; 1 1/2 yard of linen cloth, 3s. 6d.; 4 napkins, 2s.; 1 collar, 1s.; 1 pinafore, 6d.; 1 apron, 6d.; and 1 cigar-case, 1s.; the goods of 



William Collins.



MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM COLLINS
. I am a publican—I now reside in Grace's-alley, Wellclose-square. In June last the foundation of my house gave way, it fell down, and I lost a considerable amount of property—I had known the prisoner previous to that, for three or four months—he was introduced to me by a person named Braham, a very respectable man, and he visited as a customer—after this calamity, the prisoner said he could do me some good by going round to collect a certain number of subscriptions for me—I agreed that he should do so—there was a large room which was saved from the accident at my home—that was partitioned off, and a bar made, and a room at the back of it—the prisoner came there, backwards and forwards, three or four times a-week, from June till the end of Dec.—I had no suspicion of him—some of my property was saved, which was placed in this bar and back room—he was frequently in the habit of going into the back room alone when I was out, and I have frequently left him in that room whilst I have been serving in the bar.





WILLIAM HOLLAND
 (police-constable N 146.) I took the prisoner into custody—I searched him at the station, and found on him a ring, which I produce, and some keys—I went to his lodging, where I took him first, and found this brooch—I afterwards searched his lodgings and found the whole of the property named in this indictment—I found a great many other things there—this was on the 7th of Jan.—when I took him he said, "Don't go to search my lodging, the people are so respectable"—when I had found this property I went to him and said I had found a brooch and some books—he said, "The books Mr. Collins lent me, the brooch I bought in the lane."

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. What is this brooch? A. Silver, I believe—these pieces in it are glass—these books are three volumes of Shakespeare, and Pinnock's History of England.





WILLIAM COLLINS
 re-examined. This property is mine—I have examined it before—it was in that little room in boxes—I never gave the prisoner authority to take it.

Cross-examined. Q. There is a pinafore and a cap? A. Yes—this cap was a new one when it was taken—I know my wife had a cap of this description in a box—I can swear to these books and to this ring, this cribbage-board, and silver spoon—this scarf I wore round my neck—I can swear to this cigar-case, the inside of which has been taken out—I know this waistcoat—here is a mark on the inside of this ring—I missed that and some other things about Sept.—I believe the first thing I missed was this spoon, in Aug., and this jewellery I missed in Sept.

COURT. Q. Are you able to say the things were not all taken at one time? A. Iam quite positive they were not.

MR. PARRY. Q. When did you miss the ring and brooches? A. I missed three brooches and two rings at one time—this is one of the rings and this is one of the brooches—I missed them at one time, that was in Sept.





ELIZA COLLINS
. I am the wife of William Collins—I left town for Brighton the beginning of Sept.—I left this ring and this brooch safe behind me—I returned the latter end of Sept.—they were then missing, also two more rings, two more brooches, and several other articles at the same time—this shawl is one that was missing—it was safe before I went away—this black handkerchief, which has been cut in half, I missed at the same time—I

never gave these things to the prisoner, nor gave him authority to take them—I spoke to him about losing them—he said, "It is very strange, it must be the parties you have about you"—I mentioned to him this brooch in particular—it is an article I set great value on—I had it fourteen years—I spoke to the persons about us—we discharged our man-servant, and his wife went away.

Cross-examined. Q. There is no mark on the ring? A. Yes, there it a dent on it—this is the shawl, I can swear to it—the hemming is not finished—I have been in the habit of wearing it—I have worn the brooch constantly.





WILLIAM COLLINS

re-examined. The amount I lost from my house was from 6l. to 7l.—we found the original book, in the prisoner's handwriting, of the money he received and the signature of each party to it—there is 96l. down there—there was 20l. from Truman and Hanbury—all I received was 6l., and that I got by stratagem.

Prisoner. I have not wronged the man of a penny; here is the account; he had the money.





WILLIAM COLLINS

re-examined. I never received this account from him, acknowledging that he had received subscriptions to the amount of 78l. 15s.—I never saw it before—I only received 6l., and there was 96l. entered in the private book found at his lodging.

Prisoner. I can show you different to that; here are some receipts of his. Witness. This receipt for 19l. odd is my writing, but this was not included in the 96l.—the book found at his lodging the policeman gave him back.

MR. O'BRIEN
called






BENJAMIN COSTA
. I am a house-agent and broker, and live in Dorset-street, Spitalfields. I have known the prisoner twenty-three years—he has been a broker—I have always known him an honest upright man—I have had great dealings with him—I never knew him in any trouble.

MR. PARRY. Q. Are you related to him? A. Yes—I married his sister—I have known him since June last—I was not aware that he had obtained subscriptions for a party, and kept them himself—I knew nothing of it till now—I heard that he engaged with a publican to sell property for him by lottery, and he obtained money and kept it—I did not know that he got an auctioneer to sell part of Mr. Collins's property, and kept that money.
(Phineas Cohen, the prisoner's nephew, an ironmonger and hardwareman, in Artillery-passage; Emmanuel Adams, the prisoner's brother-in-law, a watchmaker in Brown's-lane, Spitalfields; George Pearce, a glass-cutter, Plumber-row, City-road; and Samuel Braham, the prisoner's cousin, a ragmerchant in the Commercial-road, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 58.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There were two other indictments against the Prisoner.)
