




826. 



JOHN ASHLEY
 and 




WILLIAM ALLEN
 were indicted for

feloniously and knowingly uttering, on the 
24th of March, a forged request for the delivery of 6 stoves, with intent to defraud 



Robert William Kennard.






HENRY COOK
. I live with my father and mother in Ireland-yard, Doctors' Commons—last Monday I saw the prisoners in Puddle Dock—I was standing in Thames-street, and saw both the prisoners talking together-Allen asked me if I wanted a job—I said yes—he asked if I would take a truck and get some stoves, he would give me 4d.—Ashley had gone up St. Andrew's-hill at this time—I asked Allen if he had an order—he said yes, and gave me one—I cannot read—this is the piece of paper—I knowit by this writing on it—it is partly printed and partly written—he told me to put it in my pocket, which I did—he asked if I would put on hisleathef apron, which he took off—I did so—he said it would make me look like a shop-boy—I did not think that odd—he told me to go and fetch the stoves

from Mr. Kennard's, in Thames-street—I went there with the track—he went as far as Queenhithe with me, then left me, and told me to go in at the second door, and ask for one of the men at Mr. Kennard's—I did so—I pulled the paper out of my pocket and gave it to Mr. Fimister, the clerks—he did not ask where I came from, but told the men to lower three stoves into the truck, and then one of the gentlemen told me to go on—I went as far as Cannon Wharf, Thames-street—then Allen came up to me and said, "Why did not you bring more?"—he was immediately taken into custody—he wife not then dressed as when he took off the apron—he had then got On Ashley' clothes—they had changed clothes in the mean time.

Allen. Q. What clothes had I when I gave you the order? A. A Man waistcoat and a cap, and I think, corduroy breeches—when I saw you again you had a kind of black frock coat, the same waistcoat and breeches, but a hat.





JONATHAN FIMISTER
. I am clerk to Robert William Kennard. Between two and three o'clock on the afternoon of the 24th of March, Henry Cook brought this order—it was presented to me at the desk—I Immediately discovered it to be a forgery, indeed I knew the writer—I directed two or three stoves to be lowered into a truck for the purpose of detecting the writer, and then told Cook, in the officer's presence, in what position he was placed—I dispatched one of our clerks with him, and Allen was secured—I know Mr. Ward and his handwriting—this is not his.





WILLIAM WARD
. I am a stove-manufacturer, and live in Tottenharn-street—this paper was not signed by me, or by my authority.





JAMES JANSON
 (City policeman, No. 483.) In consequence at information I received I accompanied Mr. Wesley, one of Mr. Kennard's clerks, and Cook, with the truck, on Easter Monday afternoon—I went with him as far as Cannon Wharf, Thames-street; where Allen was given Into my custody by Mr. Wesley—he is not here—I did not see Allen come up—I did not see Ashley there—I took him into custody next morning—I took Allen back to Mr. Kennard's warehouse, and he was identified by Mr. Fimister.

Allen. Q. What clothes did I wear when I was taken? A. A black frock coat and a hat—on taking Ashley next day I asked him whose cap he had got—he said Allen's—I asked whose the coat was—he taid it was Allen's coat—he was dressed in a light kind of coat, a different one altogether—he said Allen's coat was at the shop—that he came to him on the previous day and asked him to lend him his jacket to go to Mr. Kennard's after some metal, and he hired a truck.





HENRY PECK
. I am a coffee-roaster and live in White Lion Court, Seven Dials—my father lets out trucks—on the afternoon in question the prisoners came to me—Allen said, in Ashley's hearing, that he wanted, a track for Mr. Ashley, the prisoner's father, who had frequently been in the habit of having trucks—I let them have it.

Allen. I am not the person that went for thi truck. Witness. I am sure he is—I had never seen him before, but am certain of him—it was about half-past one o'clock in the day—I had seen Ashley several times before—(order read)—"March 24, 1845. Please to send two of each 22, 24, 26 eliptic stoves. WILLIAM WARD."


Allen's Defence. On Easter Monday morning I went to Ashley's shop, and asked him to lend me his coat and hat, as I was going to Greenwich fair; he said he had got but half an hour's work to do, and he would come after me; as I came up Thames-street this lad nodded at me; I had after

seen him before, and wondered what he wanted, and as I got half-way across the road I was taken into custody.

Ashley's Defence. Allen came to ask me for my coat and hat, to go to Greenwich fair, and asked me to go; I said I had half an hour's work to do, and could not go.





HENRY COOK

re-examined. I am sure Allen saw me before he was taken into custody—I was standing in Thames-street, and he came and looked at me first—it was nobody else that sent me on this job—I had never seen him before, but I can tell him by the cast in his eye—he asked me why I had not brought more, and I said, because that was all they gave me.

ALLEN—


GUILTY
.* Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(See Fourth Session, page 502.)

ASHLEY—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Justice Coltman.

