




166. 




JAMES MAY



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Thomas, and stealing 1 stone bottle and 5 quarts of brandy, value 25s.; his property; having been twice before convicted of felony.


MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosecution,





ANN THOMAS
. I am the daughter of John Thomas, who keeps the Coach and Horses, in Broad-street, Lambeth. On the afternoon of 6th Nov., between two and three o'clock, I saw the prisoner and another man at our house—the prisoner came to the kitchen-door and asked if my father was at home—I said he was not in the way—he went into the tap-room, the floor of which forms the ceiling of the cellar—I did not see the other man go in—I afterwards heard a dancing and great noise in the tap-room—I sent the potman to see what it was—he called me, and I looked in and saw a hole made in the tap-room floor—I did not say anything, but retired to the bar and watched—the noise ceased—I then went to the door, and found it either fastened or some one standing against it inside—my father returned about this time—I then went to the street-door and saw the prisoner running up the street with the brandy in his hand—I had not seen him go out—I ran after him, caught him, and brought him back—he said, "It is all right, I have only got a drop of beer"—my father came up, and he was taken.

Prisoner. Q. What did I say when I came in and asked if your father was at home? A. You asked if I would trust you with a pint of beer.





SARAH TRIBE
. I live with my mother a widow, at 8, New-street, Lambeth. On the afternoon of 6th Nov., I was passing Mr. Thomas' house, and saw the prisoner come out—he went to the tap-room window where there was a pane of glass open, and I saw a man give him a bottle out—he walked away with it—I saw Miss Thomas come out and fetch him back.





JOHN THOMAS
. I keep the Coach and Horses—I returned home a little after three—I heard a noise at the door, and saw my daughter holding the prisoner by the collar—I said, "What is the matter?"—she said, "father, they have been robbing the cellar"—I then said to the prisoner, "You have been having a bit of a lark here"—he said, "Do not hurt me Thomas, I did not mean any harm"—the policeman came, and he was given into custody—the house is in the parish of Lambeth; I rent it—the bottle contained about five quarts of brandy.

Prisoners Defence. I was so intoxicated that I did not know what I was doing; I have endeavoured to get an honest living.





WILLIAM THOMAS BRIDGES
 (police-inspector). I produce a certificate—(read—James May, convicted April, 1848, and confined six months)—I was present, the prisoner is the person convicted.





JOSEPH JOHN LEWIS
 (police-inspector). I produce a certificate—(read—James May, Convicted Sept., 1842, transported for seven years)—I was present, the prisoner is the person convicted.




GUILTY
.** Aged 32.—


Transported for Ten Years.

