



2227. 




WILLIAM BROWN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of July, 1 memorandum-book, value 1d.; 26 sovereigns, 32 half-crowns, 7 shillings, 6 sixpences, and 2 5l. Bank-notes, the property of 



John Mercer and another.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN MERCER
. I am a miller, and live at Uxbridge, in partnership with my brother—Howe was in our service. On the 19th of July last he went to London with a load of flour, and was to call at Shepherd's-bush on his return—I was in the way when he came back at night—it was near ten o'clock—he was perfectly sober—his boy was with him—some communication was made to me about a parcel supposed to be in a basket in the wagon, and it was found not to be there.





THOMAS WESTALL
. I am a baker at Shepherd's-bush. On the 18th of July I had to remit a sum of money to the prosecutor—I made it up into a parcel, with a small memorandum-book—there were two 5l. notes, twenty-six sovereigns, thirty-two half-crowns, seven shillings, and six sixpences—this is the paper in which I packed the money—the address on it is in my handwriting—it was a paper bag, and I cut it—I tied it round with string, and sealed it—I gave it to my lad to take to the White Horse, to give to the wagoner.





JOHN GUTTERIDGE
. I am servant to Mr. Westall. He gave me a brown paper parcel to take to the wagoner—the paper was like this—I took it to the White Horse—I found the wagoner, Howe, sitting at the table—I laid the parcel on the table, and asked whether he was Mr. Mercer's man—he said "Yes"—I asked him if he was going to Mr. Mercer's—he said, "Yes"—I said, "Will you give this to Mr. Mercer?"—he said, "Yes"—the parcel was pretty heavy—it did not sound when it was put on the table—I did not know what it contained.





JAMES HOWE
. I am wagoner to the prosecutor, and have been so about twenty years. On the 18th of July, after having been to London with a load, I stopped at Shepherd's-bush on my return—I had before that seen the prisoner—I first saw him at Bays water—he asked me to let him ride to Uxbridge—I knew him as an Uxbridge man—he said he had got no money, and I let him get up—he got up in front, and afterwards went to the back part—I went on to Shepherd's-bush—I had some bread and meat in a little flat basket in the wagon—I took it into the house at Shepherd's-bush, and gave him some—we sat down together—while we were there, Gutteridge came to me from the baker's, with a parcel, which he put down on the table—it felt heavy—I do not know what was in it—I could not tell whether it was money or not—I had carried parcels of that kind before—I had carried halfpence packed in the same way—I had been told to call there for a parcel—I did not hear any jink when it was put on

the table—I took it up, and kept it in my hand until we were going to start—I then gave it to my little boy, and told him to put it safe into the basket which had been put into the wagon before—afterwards the prisoner got into the wagon again—he sat down behind, and I sat on some sacks piled up in front of the wagon—the basket was close to the front of the wagon—there was a young girl and a child entrusted to me to take to the Green Dragon at Uxbridge, and I took up a man on the road who left the wagon within six miles of Uxbridge—when we got to the Green Dragon, no one was in the wagon but the prisoner, the little girl, the child, my boy, and myself—my boy was fast asleep—just before that the prisoner had asked me for some bread as we were going down Hillingdonhill—I put my hand into the basket, and gave him some, and the parcel was there then—I am sure of that—I then went on, and before I got to the Green Dragon, I had occasion to leave the wagon for a particular purpose, and left the prisoner down from the wagon, standing near it—I was not gone many minutes—I came back to the wagon and the prisoner was standing on the shafts—I told him to get down, or get into the wagon—he got up into the wagon, and I walked by the side of the horses—I did not get up again—I then went to the Green Dragon, and put down the children there—I went just into the passage, and left the prisoner, and went on home—my boy was still asleep in the wagon—my master asked me when I got home, whether I had got a parcel—I said, "Yes"—I looked, and it was gone—I then drew the wagon into the yard, and went up to town—we could not find the prisoner—we were about till twelve or one in the morning.

Prisoner. When his master asked him if he brought any body in the wagon, he said no. Witness. No, I said I brought a man in the wagon.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you mention the name of this man to your master? A. No, I saw the police, and described him to them, and went out with them—I saw the parcel safe when they were all gone out but the two children and the prisoner.





PETER HOWE
. I am the son of James Howe. My father gave me a parcel to put into the basket which was up in the wagon, on the close side, the fore part—I went to sleep a good part of the journey, and was asleep when I got to Uxbridge.





JANE CHARLES
. I am eleven years old. I remember being at Shepherd's-bush—I was put into the wagon with my little cousin, to be taken to the Green Dragon, at Uxbridge—I was at the tail of the wagon—the prisoner was there—I saw Peter Howe put something into the basket just as we were going to start—a man and woman got into the wagon, and got out again—after they had got out the prisoner asked for a bit of bread—the wagoner threw him a bit of bread and meat out of the basket—just before we came to the Green Dragon the wagon stopped, and the wagoner got down—the prisoner got down with him—the prisoner then got up on the shafts, got in, and sat in the wagoner's place, close to the basket—he turned his back towards me—he sat there till we got to the Green Dragon—there was no one in the wagon but me, my cousin, the boy who was asleep, and the prisoner—we got to the Green Dragon—the prisoner then got down, and went into the passage, and there I lost sight of him—I stopped at the Green Dragon till the Wednesday.





JOHN MEAKIN
. I keep the Green Dragon. I remember the wagon

stopping, and the two children being taken out—the other child was about three years old—the prisoner and the wagoner came into my passage—I noticed that the prisoner had a parcel under his left arm, the colour of brown paper—he lifted it up with his right band under his left arm—he stopped in my house from five to ten minutes—I did not see any more of him that night—there is a way near my house across the country to Tring.

Prisoner. This handkerchief (producing a parcel in a handkerchief) is the parcel I had under my arm when I went into the house. Witness. I do not know whether it was that, I took it to be a brown paper parcel—it was between the lights.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you see this brown paper before the Magistrate? Witness. A. Yes, it was something similar to this.





JAMES HOWE

re-examined. My boy was asleep in the wagon—he awoke, and put the horses in the stable—when I got home, about one o'clock, he was in bed—he got up between seven and eight in the morning, and was working with me the next day.





JOHN SCOTNEY
 (police-constable T 180.) I am a policeman at Uxbridge. I had information of this on the following morning, between six and seven o'clock—I looked about the town, and could not find the prisoner—I at last found him at Bradley's, a blacksmith, at Tring, on the Thursday—I knew Bradley to be poor, and in a destitute state—the prisoner cohabited with Bradley's daughter—I asked him first if he recollected me—he said, "Yes, I recollect you very well." I said, "I want you, you must accompany me to Uxbridge; what have you got about you?"—I searched him—he had nothing—I then looked about the house, and on the plate shelf I found 4d.—the daughter and her father declared that was all the money they had in the world, and when that was gone they did not know what they should do—her father handed a petition to me, and said he had been out of employ six months—I then told the prisoner I took him on suspicion of robbing Mr. Mercer's wagoner of this money—he said he knew nothing about it—I said, "You recollect riding in the wagon"—he said, "Yes, I came down with old Howe"—I said he was robbed of a parcel containing the money—he said, "I recollect seeing a person come in with a parcel, but I do not know what it contained"—on Monday, the 25th, I went again to this house, and on the same shelf I found 10d. in copper, two shillings in silver, and in a little box, four half-crowns and two shillings—one of the half-crowns was a very new one—there was no mark on it—I did not take it—I stated before the Magistrate, in the prisoner's presence, that I had found that money.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not find a petition in the box? A. No, the old man handed it to me, and said he had obtained this money by the petition—there were several signatures to it—I went to those persons, and not one of them had given him any money within the last month.





RICHARD ROADNIGHT
 (police-sergeant T 11.) I was told of the robbery that night—I sent the wagoner with another officer—the wagoner appeared to be active in searching for the prisoner—I went to the prisoner's father's that night, and he had not seen him for six months.





WILLIAM STILLMAN
. I am a farmer's labourer, and live at Rickmansworth. I found the piece of paper produced in a clump of trees, at Mr. Scott's, about half-a-mile from Uxbridge, in a cross-country road, in the direction of Tring.


Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent; I came down, and had no money to pay my lodging; I went from there to Truing, and got there about seven o'clock in the morning.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.
