



1371. 




SAMUEL CROUCH
, was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of March, 1 set of harness, value 1l. 10s., the goods of 



Charles Maccabe; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN KNIGHT
. I am groom to Charles Maccabe; his stables are at No. 7, Welbeck-street. On the 27th of March I was at the stable—I left at ten minutes to five o'clock, and there was a chaise harness and a box-coat of my master's there then—I returned at nine, and they were gone—this is my master's harness, which was lost that night—I went to the station, and told Harrison what had happened.





ROGER PARTRIDGE
. I am a saddler, carrying on business in Thayer-street. The prisoner lives in Marylebone-lane, near to me—he professes to be a hair-dresser and general dealer—he deals in harness, and clothes, and other things—I heard from the police about this robbery on the Monday, and on the Thursday afterwards I met the prisoner in Marylebone-lane—he said he had got some harness, or knew of some—he said something about 25s. as the price—I said, "When I see it I shall know whether I will give it"—on the Friday Woodford brought this harness in a hamper, covered over, and soon afterwards the prisoner came—I frequently buy harness in a hamper, and sometimes pack it in hampers—the prisoner came in, and I passed my judgment on this harness—he asked 25s. for it—I thought it was not worth more than 15s.—I did not tell him what I would give him for it, as I had

scarcely finished my breakfast—I had often dealt with him before, but a policeman had been with me before, to ask if there had been any harness offered.

Cross-examined by
MR. WYLDE. Q. This man lives close to you? A. Yes—I have known him ten years—I have bought many things of him, and he of me—he was a respectable man—I never heard anything against him—I never knew anything wrong of him—I know, at that time, there was a phaeton at his door—I knew of his being a barber.

MR. DOANE. Q. Do you swear he was a respectable man? A. I never knew anything but respectability of him—I have heard that he has been transported—I have heard that in Sept., 1840, he was charged with stealing cloth—I did not know that in August last he was taken up for stealing a watch.





WILLIAM WOODFORD
. I am a labouring man, and live in Cross Keys-mews. On Friday, the 31st of March, the prisoner asked me to take a basket of harness to Mr. Partridge's shop—I took it, and left it there—Mr. Crouch came into the shop before I came out—I did not see what was in the hamper—he told me it was harness.





THOMAS HARRISON
 (police-sergeant D 14.) I had an intimation of this from Knight, but it was another officer who told Mr. Partridge—I took the prisoner into custody on Friday morning, the 31st—I said, "Crouch, I want you about some harness, the harness you sent to Mr. Partridge this morning"—he said, "I did send some there"—I said, "How did you come by it?"—he said, "I bought it at the door three or four days ago"—he said he gave 25s. for it—I asked him if he knew who he bought it of—he said no, he did not—I said, "Was any one present when you bought it?"—he said, "No, there was not"—I said it was stolen, and I took him before Mr. Long, the Justice—I gave the same evidence I have now—I was present at the second examination, and the prisoner then called a witness, named M'Laney, who was sworn—he was then examined at the instance of the prisoner—he did not appear at the third examination.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you give testimony at the first examination! A. Yes, and what I said was taken down in writing—the Magistrate did not think there was sufficient evidence, and the prisoner was remanded for me to bring forward the man who carried the harness—on the second occasion I made some addition to my deposition—(read)—"On the second examination, Thomas Harrison, being sworn, says, 'When I took him I asked him if any one was present when he bought it; he said, "No, no one was present"—I forgot to mention that yesterday.' "—THOMAS HARRISON.

Q. That was the addition you made next day? A. Yes—the first hearing was on Friday, the 31st; then we all separated, and on the 1st of April I went and made that addition to my statement.

MR. WILDE
called






EDWIN MASON
. I know the prisoner—I remember seeing him on the 27th of March, at a person's named Crawford, whose place joins my shop—I met the prisoner there that day, about half-past four o'clock, as near as I can recollect—Mr. Crawford is a boot-maker—a person came into Mr. Crawford's who has very often called in—his name is Falday—he asked Mr. Crawford if he was going to stand anything to drink—he said he had no objection, and he sent for sixpenny worth of gin—I should say we remained in Mr. Crawford's shop, as near as I can guess, for three quarters of an hour—the prisoner remained in the house till near eight o'clock.

MR. DOANE. Q. You went to Mr. Crawford's about half-past four o'clock? A. Yes—his shop joins mine, and I continued there three quarters of an hour

—the prisoner was on the premises till eight—Mr. Crawford's shop and mine join together—it is one house—the prisoner and I, and Mr. Falday, were in Crawford's shop about three quarters of an hour—Mr. Falday was then in my room, which is over Mr. Crawford's shop and my shop, till near eight—I am not an assistant to the prisoner, I am his son-in-law—I am a hair-dresser, and so is he—we are both in the same line of business—he lives two or three hundred yards from me—my shop is at No. 8, Bowling-street—the prisoner was in Mr. Crawford's shop first, and I went in when I heard his voice—Mr. Falday then came in, and then there was 6d. worth of gin sent for—I am sure I cannot say what we talked about—I have not the slightest notion of what I said, or what any one said—I did not sit, I stood—I have known Falday five or six years—I do not know what he is, I only know him from his visiting the shops where I have been—I am satisfied he is not in my line of business—I have always understood him to be a gentleman's servant—he was not dressed in livery, he was dressed as I might be myself—he was dressed in a black coat, and, I think, a black waistcoat—I cannot tell a single thing that was said on that occasion—I cannot tell where I stood in the shop—I am satisfied two or three of them stood—it was in the front shop we had the gin—there was no customer came in while I was there—after we had got rid of the gin, we all went into my room, which is over Mr. Crawford's shop and mine, on the first floor, and we sat down, and played at all-fours—it is my sitting-room and bed-room—we were there, playing at all-fours, from that time till near eight o'clock, and then Falday and Crouch left, and went away—I heard of my father-in-law being charged with this robbery—I did not go and tell the Magistrate about our playing at all-fours—I was not asked any questions—I never told the Magistrate what I could prove—I was there throughout—my father-in-law had a solicitor to attend for him—he never called me—I have lived two years in this shop as a hair-dresser—I do not carry on business in the general line—I never got into trouble myself.

COURT. Q. Who fetched the gin? A. I did myself, in a small black bottle—we drank it out of one glass, what is called a half-quartern glass—we drank it pure, no water nor sugar with it—I had one glass—it was poured out in four different parts—I drank what I suppose would be reckoned a glass, but it was only 1 1/2 d. worth each—there was 6d. worth between four persons—we did not put down 1 1/2 d. each—Mr. Crawford paid for the gin himself, and it was divided into four parts—the glass was filled four times—I could not say who drank first—there were no toasts drank, but merely, "Here's your health"—I said, "Here is your health" to all round, and I think they drank my health all round—we were not three quarters of an hour drinking this gin—not two seconds hardly—we drank it within two or three seconds—that was at the beginning of the three quarters of an hour, almost as soon as we came into Mr. Crawford's shop—I believe he never has but one chair in his shop at a time, unless he sends for one—it was about half-past four o'clock when we went in—it was twenty minutes or a quarter to eight when Mr. Falday and Mr. Crouch left—I borrowed 4s. of Mr. Crouch before they left, which makes me remember the time, as I must pay it again—he lent it me in four shillings—I am not aware that anybody saw him give it me—he gave it me in going down the stairs—Falday and Crouch went together—I did not talk to Crouch publicly about this money—I whispered it to him—we had some beer up stairs, which we played for—we played 2d. a corner each—I do not know who won—I am confident I lost 6d.—we played three or four games—it did not take three hours to play them—we talked, but I cannot recollect anything that we were talking about—we did not talk about any harness—nothing of that sort—Falday did not tell me what he had lately been doing—Mr. Crawford

was my partner all the evening, and we played for drink—for porter and gin—I cannot state how many quarts of porter we had—it might have been two or three—I do not know how much gin—I suppose not more than one drop, 4d. worth, or 6d. worth—my wife fetched it—she was not present all the time—there was no other person present—my wife's name is Mary—they did not all know her name, they called her Mason—they saw her bring the gin in—I had a fire in my room—I did not notice who sat next the fire—there must have been two sitting near the fire—I did not sit near it—my wife drank no tea that evening—she had some gin out of the same glass—I do not believe she had any porter—I do not know—we drank the porter out of the quart pewter pot—we had nothing to eat up stairs—I cannot recollect anything we talked about.

MR. WILDE. Q. Good players don't talk much at cards, do they? A. No.





JOHN CRAWFORD
. I am a boot-maker, and live at No. 8, Bowling-street, Marylebone. I remember perfectly well, on the 27th of March, seeing the prisoner—it was from four till half-past four o'clock in the afternoon—he came to my house for a pair of shoes I had been repairing—he had not been there many minutes before Mr. Falday came in, and the prisoner's son-in-law came in, and we had a drop of gin, and then we went up stairs and had a game at cards—we went up about five—I should think Crouch left about half-past seven—I did not pay particular attention to the time.

MR. DOANE. Q. You remember this 27th, very well? A. Yes—it was not impressed on my memory from my friend being charged with a felony—that did not make an impression on me at the time—I know it was the 27th, because my boy's birth-day was the day before—that did not make more impression on me than my friend being charged—I think I heard of his being charged, last Friday was a week—I do not think they sent to me till then—I have known the prisoner three or four years, and they never let me know of it till last Friday week—I did not think much about it—when I was playing at cards, I had not heard of the felony—my attention was about the cards—we all had some gin.

Q. Your customers coming in now and then? A. Yes, pretty fair business—we had the gin in my shop where the customers come—when the customers came in we served them publicly in the shop while the gin was going on—the prisoner and Mr. Falday were customers of mine—no one else came in—I have known Falday, I think, about twelve months—he is a gentleman's servant—I do not know whose service he is in—he lived with some gentleman in Portland-place—he does not bring me jobs from Portland-place—he has brought me work—I do not inquire particularly where a person lives—I never take things home to any residence—I had seen Falday three or four days before, he came in as a friend—a great many people look in on me—the prisoner came in first on the 27th—I have known him about three years—he came for a pair of shoes that I had been repairing—Falday came in first after him, and then the prisoner's son-in-law came in from his place—Falday came for a pair of boots that I had been half-heeling for him—the prisoner's son-in-law came in for nothing—he naturally followed his father-in-law—our two doors join one another—I was not particularly thirsty.

Q. Who proposed the gin? A. Many people have a little drop of gin—I think Mr. Falday suggested it—he said, "Let us have a drop"—those were about his words—we all agreed to it—Mason fetched it—as far as I can recollect, I think I paid for it—I paid 6d.—we were in the shop about half an hour—I am sure I cannot tell what we were talking about—I cannot

swear we talked about politics—I cannot pretend to tell what we talked about I am sure—I do not recollect whether Falday had any news to tell us from Portland-place—we talked sometimes about one thing and sometimes another—he asked me about making a pair of boots, and what I would charge—I was sitting on my seat which I work on—I work in the shop—I believe all the others stood—mine is a small shop—after the gin, a hand at cards was proposed—I think Mr. Falday proposed it—I will not be certain who did—we went up stairs to play at cards, into Mr. Mason's room, which is directly over my shop—no one else was there I am certain—we played at "all-fours"—we continued till half-past seven—no one came in during the whole of that time, as far as I recollect, neither man, woman, nor child—Mason had no children there, because his wife took them out—there was no female there—we played for 2d. a corner—I had a partner—we had different partners—Falday was my partner first—we changed several times—we might play a dozen games—I would not pretend to say how many—Mason generally fetched the gin—I did not get particularly drunk—he fetched gin more than three or four times—I cannot say how many times.





GEORGE ROBERTS
. I am journeyman to the prisoner, and have been so since before last Christmas—I saw some one bring harness to him on the 28th of March, about nine o'clock—I did not hear him make any offer of the harness for sale—I did not hear what was offered—I saw money pass—I did not hear the person who brought it say any thing to the prisoner—I only saw the harness brought and some money paid.

MR. DOANE. Q. Was this in the morning or evening? A. Morning—my master was not taken into custody at the house—I remember his being in custody—I did not hear what for until Harrison came to our house on the Friday morning—the Friday after the Tuesday I heard he was in custody, not for stealing a harness, but for receiving one—Harrison told me that was the charge—I went to the police-court—when Harrison told me about it, I did not tell him a man brought it there—he did not ask me, and I did not tell him—I did not tell until I was called upon—I knew my master was locked up—I went to the Justice the second time, on the Saturday—I did not give evidence—my master's attorney called me as a witness—I was attending, but was not examined—I heard a witness called by my master of the name of M'Laney—he is not here to my knowledge.

Q. Was anybody present when the man brought the harness? A. There was a gentleman present—I was cutting his hair at the time—he was the only person present—I should know him if I saw him.

Q. That gentleman was not the Mr. M'Laney? A. It must be, sir—I was sent for on the third examination before the Magistrate—I was not called to give any evidence at all.

COURT. Q. The policeman came and told you your master was charged with receiving? A. No, he did not.

Q. You told me you knew he was in prison? A. No, I did not—Harrison came to me on the Friday morning—he had not been there before the Friday to my knowledge—he was not there before my master was taken up to my knowledge.

MR. WILDE. Q. You were cutting M'Laney's hair? A. I was cutting a gentleman's hair at the time.





GEORGE WHITE
 (City police-constable 24.) I am the officer attending in the gallery of this Court—I saw this man come out of the gallery and go and speak to one of the witnesses who is outside this Court now—I heard him say, "You must say you had so many glasses, and what it was drank out

of"—this is the man—(pointing to a person named Charlick)—he said, "You must say what you had it out of, and so many glasses, and that will do."

COURT. Q. Bring in the man that he spoke to. A. This is the man, Falday.





JOHN FALKUS
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was not a witness against the prisoner on that occasion, but I was present at his trial—he is the same person who was then tried and convicted, and sentenced to death—I was the prosecutor in another charge against him, and he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 52.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

(The witnesses Partridge and Charlick were committed by the Court.)

Before Mr. Recorder.

