



1522. 




JOHN CLARK
 was again indicted

 for breaking and entering a building within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of 



John Hunwick, and stealing 1 apron, value 6d. the goods of 



William Huckle; and 6 pain of boots, 18s.; and 2 pairs of shoes, 12s.; the goods of 



John Hunwick, and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN HUNWICK
. I live with my father, John Hunwick, a shoemaker, in Mile End-road. On Tuesday morning, the 17th of June, I went into the shop and miesed six pairs of boots, two pairs of shoes, a piece of leather, and a leather apron—they were safe the evening before—this ii one of the pairs of shoes—I know them to be my father's—any one can get from Mr. Hyron's yard to my father's by getting over the fence—it is not very easy, but it can be done—this apron belongs to Huckle, the apprentice.





WILLIAM HUCKLE
. I am apprentice to Mr. Hunwick. This apron is mini—I missed it from the workshop on Tuesday, the 17th of June—it had been on the seat in the workshop on Monday evening at a quarter to seven o'clock—I believe the workshop was shut that night, and I found it open the following morning, at a quarter before seven o'clock—I was the first person who went into the shop—I missed the boots, and shoes, and leather.





GEORGE SECKER
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in John's-row. This pair of shoes were pawned on the 17th of June, in the name of John Douglas—this is the duplicate I gave of them—I am not positive who pawned them, but I think I have seen the prisoner.





WILLIAM GLOVER
 (police-constable K 354.) I took the prisoner—I found some duplicates upon him, and one relating to the shoes wai given me by Freeman—I found this apron on the prisoner's person.





WILLIAM FREEMAN
. I gave thii duplicate to Glover—I picked it np in the stable adjoining Hyrons's slaughter-house.

Prisoner. It was given to me by a person down Mile End road; he said, "Here is a duplicate of an apron and a pair of shoes; I think they will fit you; his name is John Williams."





JAMES WRIGHT
 (police-constable N 170.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read—Convicted 8th of April, 1844, and confined six months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
of stealing only.
 Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
