




587. 




RICHARD ELLIOTT
 was indicted for

feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Cox, on the 
25th of Dec., at 
St. Paul Covent-garden, and stealing therein, 460 yards of silk, value 130l.; 461 yards of linen cloth, 20l., and 1 coat 4l.; his goods; and 




RICHARD VINCENT



, for feloniously receiving part of the same, well knowing it to have been stolen.


MR. ALLEN
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS COX
. I live at No. 29, Southampton-street, Covent-ganden and am a clerical robe-maker. On the 24th of Dec. I left home, to go to Tunbridge-wells—I returned on the following Thursday, the 26th, and found I had lost 460 yards of silk, 461 yards of white linen, and a great coat—about ten days afterwards Shackell, the policeman, produced part of it to me at my own premises.





WILLIAM BOOKER
. I live in Drury-lane, and am foreman to Mr. Cox. On Tuesday evening, the 24th of Dec, I made the doors of the shop fast about twenty minutes past eight o'clock—I returned to the shop about twenty minutes to eight on Thursday morning, and on going to open the shop door with the key I had locked it with, I could not; I was obliged

to have a locksmith to open it—when I got in I found fifteen rollers bare, which had been covered with silk on Tuesday evening, and the coverings, which had been over them, under the stand—460 yards of silk, and 461 yards of linen were gone—I afterwards saw Shackell produce some of it at the shop.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Is the prosecutor a married man? A. Yes, and occupies the second floor, and one room on the third floor—the front room on the first floor is occupied by Mr. Newland, a solicitor, as an office—he has one clerk—his name is on a board in the ball—there are two back rooms on that floor, occupied by Mr. Barth, a publisher, who has now left—his name was on the board—his business is carried on in Brydges-street—the other room on the third floor is occupied by Mr. Hodson, a clerk in Somerset House—a Captain Moore lives in the attic—Mrs. Hart, the housekeeper, and her husband, lived in the kitchen below—they were discharged on the Thursday morning, after their rooms being searched—I have not seen them since—I have not inquired about them—Miss Jury lives in the first house in Maiden-lane, which is separated from our house by a door which is blocked up by a large bookcase in front of it—it is impossible to get to it without moving the bookcase—I believe Jury keeps a tobacconist's shop—I have not heard complaints about persons who have been there—I did not sleep there—I went home on Tuesday, and did not return till Thursday, Wednesday being Christmasday—it was the side door of the shop which was entered—it opens into t passage which leads into the street and to the kitchen below—there is a street door outside, which is generally open till dark—there is also a front door from the shop to the street—it is a corner house—the entrance to the shop and also to the kitchen is inside an inner door of the passage—the shop door was not found open, and, to all appearance, there had been no breaking in—the lodgers have latch-keys to the front door.

COURT. Q. How many doors must you go through from Southampton-street before you get to the side door of the shop? A. Three—the door shutting off the kitchen and shop is always fastened af night, and that door had not been broken.

MR. ALLEN. Q. Had you fastened all the doors before you left? A. The shop door—there are two entrances into the shop, and three doors—they were all fast—before I got to the side door of the shop, I had to go through the street door, the inner door, and one which cut off the kitchen and shop—I only fastened the shop door—I left the housekeeper to fasten the others.





JOSEPH SHACKELL
 (police-inspector.) On Saturday, the 28th of Dec., in consequence of information, I watched the prisoner Elliott—I saw him and another man come from the King's Arms, in Coal-yard, Drury-lane—I followed them to the end of Great Queen-street and Drury-lane, where I lost them, in consequence of an obstruction—I returned to the house, out said nothing then—I went on Monday morning, and received from fane Dismore, the landlady, this piece of silk—the husband gave it to me in her presence—I afterwards, on that Monday, went with Haynes, and saw The prisoner Vincent coming in a direction from the prisoner Elliott's house, in Bell-street, Paddington, carrying a bundle, which contained two pieces oflinen—Haynes followed and stopped him, and when I came up to them, Vincent said he would take it to the person he received them of—we went to the Key, in Bell-street (which is next door to Elliott's house)—he pointed

to Elliott, and said, "That is the man I received them from"—Elliott answered, "No, you did not receive them from me, I never saw you before," or something to that purport—Haynes then took Vincent into cuitoder and I took Elliott, telling him who and what I was—I searched him, and found in his pocket-book a pattern of a piece of silk, and six half-notes, pasted together—they were in the same pocket-book as the patterns—he said he would take us to his house, which he did, and on arriving there, Haynes searched, while I took care of the prisoner—it is a small tobacconist's shop, in Bell-street—I had seen Vincent come in a directioi from that house, but did not see him come from the door.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you ascertained the vtloe of the linen found on Vincent? A. It was valued, I think, at about 2l.—it is a kind of linen called golden flax, to make surplices—I knew Vincent as the driver of a Paddington omnibus—after Elliott was in custody be told me Vincent had received the linen from bim, although be bad denied it—Vincent always told the same story to me.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. The half notes form the subject of another indictment? A. Yes—I charged him with receiving them—they were stolen twelve months ago.

MR. ALLEN. Q. How long have you known Vincent? A. Three or four yean, but not personally—I have not known bim drive an omnibw for some considerable time.





JANE DISMORE
. I am the wife of Daniel Dismore, who keeps the King's Arms, Coal-yard, Drury-lane. On Saturday, the 28th of Dec. 1 purchased a piece of silk, for 1l. 5s. 6d.—this is a similar pattern—I do not recollect the person I bought it of—I gave it on the Monday after to Shackell.





JOHN HAYNES
 (police-inspector.) On the 30th of Dec, about two o'clock, I was with Shackell in Bell-street, Paddington, and stopped Vincent—I asked what he had in his bundle—he said he did not know—I asked what he was going to do with it—he said he was going to ask the price of it—I asked where he brought it from—he said "From Dick Elliott's house"—I said, "Where is Dick?"—he said, "He is just gone into the Key, public-house"—I said he must go back with me, and in going along I said, "You must know where you were going to take it"—he said, "Why I was going to take it home to my wife"—I took him back to the Key, and there saw Elliott and another man—I pointed to Elliott, tod said, "Is this the man you had these things from?"—he said, "Yes"—Elliott said, "No such thing, you did not have them of me"—I said, "Why Vincent says he has just brought these two pieces of linen from your house"—Elliott replied, "No such thing, I know nothing about it"—Shackeli then apprehended him, and I took Vincent with him into Elliott's house, next door to the Key—after we bad been there a short time Elliott said, "Well, the fact is, Vincent did have the things from me; I don't wish to get him into any trouble"—I searched Vincent, and in his pocket-book found this memorandum-book—here is a memorandum in it, of 25 yards, without saying what, 1s. 9d., 2l. 3s. 9d.; and 17 yards, 1l. 9s. 9d. 3l. 13s. 6d.—there is a pencil-mark on the pieces of linen Vincent was carrying, which is "25 yards," and "17 yards," exactly corresponding with the memorandum-book—I also found in the memorandum-book a pattern of silk—I Searched Elliott's house—we had some of our men with us—Vincent was left in the parlour, in the care of

Sergeant Walker—Elliott went into each room with us, to see what we found—in the first-floor back bed-room I found a piece of silk, lying open on the bed, flat, not rolled—in the front bed-room, between the bed and mattress, I found this piece of silk secreted—Elliott was pressent, and said both rooms belonged to him—in different parts of the parlour behind the shop I found seven pieces of linen—I compared the pattern of silk in Vincent's book, with a piece of silk found at Elliott's house—it exactly corresponds in colour, and matches in size where it has been cut off.

Cross-examned by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. After the Magistrate heard this case he let Vincent out on bail? A. Yes, he surrendered last Session, and Elliott applied to postpone the trial—Vincent has been in custody ever jinoe—Vincent was coming in a direction from Elliott's house, and also from the Key—I searched Vincent's house, but found nothing relating to the property.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you examine the prosecutor's door? A. Not the lock, as it had been done before—I know Hart—I have not been after him—I do not know where he is—I met him a short time ago in St. Martin's-lane—he has been in custody more than once—I have not seen him in custody myself—we have got him in our eye.





JAMES BATCHELOR
. I live in Coal-yard, Drury-lane. I am a coachlace and carpet manufacturer—on Saturday, the 28th of Dec., between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, I went to Mr. Dismore's—I was at the bar, and saw Elliott and another man there—Elliot had a parcel under his arm—he asked Mrs. Dismore if she would purchase a silk dress—he said he had got a piece of silk, seventeen yards, he could sell to her very cheap, he would take 1s. 6d. a yard for it—he said he had taken for a bad debt—she paid him the money and bought it—I saw Elliott next a fortnight after at Bow-etreet—I did not know him before, but have do doubt of him.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTIHE. Q. I believe there were several people in the bar? A. There were two or three at the bar—I am in Dimness for myself—I have a shop, and 1000l. worth of property in it—I went there for change to pay my men, and was not there above five or iix minutes—I was never in custody, or charged with anything—I was once St. Bow-street for being a little the worse for liquor—I was never charged with taking pots.

MR. ALLEN. Q. You were never transported or hung? A. Never. MR. CLARKSON. Q. Vincent was not the man at the public-house with Elliott? A. No.





JOSEPH SHACKELL

re-examined. This pattern of silk found in Elliott's pocket-book corresponds with this large piece with the hole in one corner where it has been cut out.





THOMAS COX

re-examined. This silk and linen are my property, and has nay private mark on it—my house is in the parish of St. Paul, Coventgarden-the value of the whole property is from 180l. to 200l.—I live in the house, and am the proprietor of the whole.

ELLIOTT—


GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


VINCENT—


NOT GUILTY
.
(There was another indictment against Elliott.)


Before Mr. Justice Williams.

