



2110. 




JOHN GARDINER
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



James Jacob, on the 
11th of June, and stabbing and wounding him, with intent to kill and murder him.—2 other COUNTS, stating his intent to be to maim and disable, or do him some grievous bodily harm.






JAMES JACOB
. I am a labourer, and live at Han well—the prisoner it a labourer, and lives also at Hanwell On the 11th of June I was in his company at the Bear Inn, about half-past eleven o'clock at night—we had a few words, but did not come to blows—I went away to the Swan lnn, which is about a quarter of a mile from the Bear—the prisoner followed me down—I went to pay the landlady for some beer, and as I came out the prisoner challenged to fight me—I went up to him, and made a blow at him—he had put himself in an attitude of fighting before that—when I went up to him he stabbed me on the left side of the belly—I knew no more after that—I fainted away, and was ill for ten days.





WILLIAM WEEDY
. I did not see this, but it was done with nay knife that I had lent to the prisoner four or fire days before—this is the knife.





CHARLES BALDWIN GILCHRIST
. I am a surgeon. I was called about half-past twelve or one o'clock, on the 11th of June—I found the prosecutor lying on the floor at the Swan—there was a wound made with a sharp instrument on the left side of the abdomen—it had penetrated about two inches—it bad taken an oblique direction, or most probably it would have caused his death at once—this knife is a part of instrument that would be likely to make such a wound.





THOMAS LONG
 (police-sergeant V 222.) I was on duty about 200 yards from the place—I heard of the circumstance—I went and found the prosecutor, who stated that he had just been stabbed by the prisoner, John Gardiner—I took Gardiner into custody, and sent William Norris for a surgeon—I found this knife about thirty yards from where the prosecutor was stabbed, and about two yards from a pond of water.





THOMAS LAWRENCE
. I came out of the Swan at the time the other did, and the prosecutor and prisoner were having words together—Jacob went up and struck at Gardiner—I did not see Gardiner return the blow—Gardiner said he would go and get a policeman, and he brought a great stick back, and then Jacob said he was stabbed.

Prisoner's Defence. I never had the knife; I did not do it.





JAMES JACOB

re-examined. I am quite sure the prisoner is the person who stabbed me—there was no other person there but Lawrence—there were a few others a distance off.




GUILTY on the 3rd Count. Aged 21.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
