




1421. 




MARY ANNE MARIA COOPER
 and 



ELIZABETH WILSON
 were indicted

for stealing, on the 
8th of April, I sovereign, I half-sovereign, 3 shillings, and a sixpence, the monies of 



Andrew Wyness, from his person.






ANDRE WYNESS
. (police-constable D 43.) On the morning of the 9th of April, a little before three o'clock, I was in plain clothes—I met the two prisoners and another female on the pavement in Holborn, near the end of Dean-street—my hands were both in my trowsers pockets, one in each pocket—I was walking along very deliberately, being very tired—Cooper laid hold of my left arm—her left hand was on the top of my arm, and her right hand under it—I shook her off, told her to go on and leave me alone—she did not do so—I took my hand out of my pocket and pushed her off—as I pushed her I felt her hand at my pocket—she then ran away, and another female with her—I then put my hand into my pocket, and found it was quite empty—I had felt my money in it before I met them—I had a sovereign, a half-sovereign, and 3s. 6d. in silver in it—they ran up Dean-street—I ran after them—I caught Cooper, and told her she had got my money—she said she had not—I said she had given it to the other female, and she must go and find her—she said she would not—she began very bad language, and striking, kicking me, and tearing my clothes—I held her as well as I could, and called the police—as I was doing so Wilson came up, laid hold of her, and told me to let her go, that she had not got my money—she was one of the three that came up at first—I kept hold of Cooper and called out till a policeman came—I gave her into custody, and she was taken to the station—she was searched, but had no money—the sovereign and half-sovereign 'had been in a piece of paper in my pocket—I saw that piece of paper found before four o'clock on the spot where the scuffle

occurred in Dean-street—it was about a quarter of an hour after getting to the station.

Cooper. Q. Did not you meet me at the corner of Red Lion-street; I walked with you to Dean-street, and you pulled me about in a very disgraceful manner? A. I never touched her—I had my hands in my pockets—at the Police Court, at eleven o'clock the next day, previous to going into the Court, Wilson said she would send me 10s. of the money again if I would give her my address—she said, "I will send you 10s., we thought you were a gentleman, or we would not have done it"—I said, "No, I will have nothing to do with that"—I am quite certain I did not throw the money out in taking my hand out of my pocket—it was in my hand when they met me, till I let go of it to put my hand out to push her away—I pulled my band out quite deliberately and pushed her off, then felt her right-hand at my pocket, while her left-hand was. on my arm—I positively swear it was her that took the money—the other two were close behind her at the time, both close together—she could hand it to them—it did not occupy more than a minute or a minute and a half—I was perfectly sober—I had been out for twenty-two hours.





JOHN SWARDER
. I am a policeman. I assisted in taking the prisoners, from Dean-street to the station—the prosecutor was perfectly sober—I afterwards found a piece of paper on the spot where the scuffle took place. Wilson. He is not the man, I did not see him at all. Witness. I assisted in taking them.

Cooper's Defence Passing along Red Lion-street he laid hold of me. I walked arm in arm with him up Dean-street; he began pulling me about in a very indecent manner, and wanted to have something to do with me in the street. I refused, and he threw me down; finding he could not get what he wanted, he called "Police." Wilson came up to my assistance; there was no other woman there,

Wilson's Defence. I was coming along, and heard a cry of "Police." I went up Dean-street, and saw the prosecutor and female on the ground together; her clothes were in a very indecent manner; I pulled them down; the prosecutor had been drinking, but was not very drunk; he called the policeman. I said, "Do you think I have done any thing?" he said, "I think you know the party." I said, "If you think so, give me in charge;" the policeman took us both; he was very reluctant in doing so, the man being drunk. Next morning, seeing the prosecutor in different clothes, I said, "Are you the man that was robbed?" he said, "Yes, I would not blame any girl for robbing a gentleman, but it is a shame to rob any body in my situation; if I had a sovereign back, I would not prosecute you, as it may disgrace me in my situation." I said I knew nothing about it, but if it was in my power, I would willingly give him 10s. or 12s.; he said, "I don't think you know any thing about it, but you know the girl that ran away." I said, "No, I saw no girl run away."





ANDREW WYNESS
. re-examined. Every word they have said is a lie—there is no truth in Cooper's being on the ground—there was nobody on the ground at all—she kicked, and I held both her arms—she kicked and struck at me—I did not say, "If I had 1l. I would rather not proceed," nor did I say I should not have cared if it had been a gentleman.





WILLIAM CALVERT
 I am a policeman. I heard "Police" called—I came up, and saw the prosecutor have hold of Cooper by both hands, and

when I came up, he said she had robbed him of a sovereign, a half-sovereign, and some silver—I took them to the station—ten duplicates were found upon Cooper, and two shillings and some halfpence on the other—I saw nobody on the ground—they were standing up.

COOPER—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.

WILSON—


NOT GUILTY
.
