



521. 




JOHN SHARP



 was indicted for that he, being in the dwelling-house of 



Dennis Sullivan, did steal 1 jacket, value 2s. 6d.; 1 night-gown, 1s.; 1 shirt, 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of drawers, 1s.; 1 sheet, 1s. 6d.; 1 table-cloth, 6d.; 1 shawl, 6d.; 1 frock, 1s.; 1 cap, 1s.; 1 bonnet, 1s.; 3 handkerchiefs, 1s.; 1 pair of stockings, 1s.; 1 looking-glass and frame, 9d.; 1 picture, 6d.; and 1 glass box, 6d.; the goods of the said Dennis Sullivan, and being in the said dwelling-house, feloniously and burglariously did break out of the same.






MARY SULLIVAN
. I am the wife of Dennis Sullivan—he lives in Garden-street, Poplar. I know the prisoner—he has appeared to be deaf and dumb

to all the neighbours ever since I have known him—none of them thought he could speak—he has been about for four or five months—he came and knocked at my door on the night of the 8th of Jan.—he seemed to me as if he were very cold—he has never said one word all the time I knew him—I gave him some supper—he made signs that he had nothing to pay for his lodging but one penny, which he pulled out of his pocket—I made signs to him that I had no bed—he made signs that if I let him lie before the fire, he was right enough, and I did so—a sister of mine and a little girl lent some things to cover him up—I left him and went to bed about eleven o'clock—my husband got up about ten minutes before six o'clock—I then missed the jacket, the night-gown, and other things named—they were all gone—the prisoner had gone out at the door, and left the door open—he took a bottle that laid on the mantle-piece and put it against the door—I had fastened the door and window myself before I went to bed—I am sure of that.





WILLIAM HUDSON
 (police-constable 382 k.) I met the prisoner about one o'clock that morning with a hundle—I asked him where he was going—he said to join his ship in St. Katharine Dock—I asked what he had got—he said his sea kit—I asked him at what time he was going in the morning—he said at three o'clock—I knew the tide did not serve, and I stopped him—the bundle contained all the prosecutor's things.





MARY SULLIVAN

re-examined. These are my property—our house is in the parish of Poplar—we sleep there.

Prisoner. I said the ship was at the Irish Wharf, near London-bridge.—( police-inspector.) This is Mr. Yardley's signature to this deposition—(read—"The prisoner says 'If I come here I get no relief, what was I to do but to steal?")




GUILTY
. Aged 19.*—


Transported for Seven Years.

