



2028. 




ABRAHAM CUNNINGHAM
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of March, 15l. promissory-note, the property of 

our Lady the Queen.—2nd Count, stating it to be the property of 



Thomas Campbell.—3rd Count, stating it to be the property of 



Thomas Reynolds.—4th Count, stating it to be the property of 



Joseph Handley.—5th COUNT, stating it to be the property of 



Elizabeth Laing Campbell.


MESSRS. ADOLPHUS, WADDINOTON, and
GURNEY, conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH LAING CAMPBELL
. I am the wife of Thomas Campbell, and

live in Kerr-street, Edinburgh. on February last my husband was sent on board the hulks at Woolwich—before he surrendered to take his trial, at Edinburgh, he gave me 25l. in 5l. notes of the Bank of Scotland—on the 8th of March I received a letter, purporting to be written in my husband's name—this is it.—(This letter was signed Thomas Campbell, dated on board the Warrior, complaining of the severity of the weather, representing himself to be in a deplorable condition; that 300 men were to be sent abroad in a fortnight; that the man set over him at work had the power of keeping him in the country, and shortly getting him his liberty; that they were not allowed to have money if known, and requesting his wife to send 5l. by return of post, which would be the means of his getting liberated in twelve months; that she must never mention what she had done in any future letters, and that it must be sent in a parcel, directed for James M'Greggor, to be left at the Edinburgh Castle, Woolwich, till called for.)—On receiving this I immediately wrote to my husband, and took a 5l. note to Mr. James, a neighbour, who assisted me to put it in the letter—it was folded and placed between two pieces of oil-cloth, wrapped in paper, sealed, and tied with a string, directed "James M'Greggor, Edinburgh Cattle, Woolwich, to be left till called for"—Mr. James directed it in my presence, and curried it to the post-office—the letter I received is not my husband's writing—he can write—eight days afterwards I received this other letter.—(This letter merely acknowledged the receipt of the 5l. note, and desired her never to mention in any future letter having sent it.)—I afterwards received other letters of the same description, in consequence of which I applied to the Procurator Fiscal in April—he wrote a letter, put his initials to it, and I put mine—this is the letter—it is directed "Mr. M'Greggor, Shakspeare Inn, Power-street, Woolwich," as that was desired in this letter I received, dated the 1st of May.—(This acknowledged the receipt of a letter of the 29th of April, stating that his friend Mr. M'Greggor had sent a petition to Sir James Graham, that he should not leave the country, and requesting her to send what money she coould, as it would do great things for him; that he had got a friend to write, not being allowed to write himself, and again cautioning her not to mention in sub-sequent letters having sent any money, and to direct for Mr. M'Greggor at the Shakspeare.)

COURT. Q. How came you to send the money, if you did not before the letters to be your husband's writing? A. Because the letters desired me to do so, and mentioned the assistance of a kind gentleman.





WILLIAM JAMES
. I am a shoemaker, and live at Edinburgh. Early in March, Mrs. Campbell called on me, and I assisted her in making up a letter—it was, perhaps, the 8th or 9th of March, and a 5l. note of the Bank of Scotland was put into it, which she gave me—I directed that letter to "James M'Greggor, Edinburgh-Castle, Woolwich, to be left till called for,"—at Mrs. Campbell's request I took it to the General Post-office, and paid 6d. for it.

MRS. CAMPBELL
cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Where did you get this 5l. note from? A. My husband, who drew it from the saving's bank.





JAMES OVER
. I am a postman at Woolwich. The Edinburgh Castle is in my beat—I was on that beat in March last—I remember delivering a parcel at the Edinburgh Castle in that month, directed, "James M'Greggor, Edinburgh Castle, Woolwich, to be left till called for"—I cannot say what day it was—I delivered it to Mrs. Reynolds, the landlady—it was rather a thick letter—a remark was made about it at the time.





FRANCES REYNOLDS
. My husband keeps the Edinburgh Castle, Woolwich. I remember having a letter in my possession, directed to M'Greggor, to be be left at the Edinburgh Castle—I do not remember taking it from Over—I have known the prisoner two or three months—he had been in the

habit of coming to our house—I never knew hit name till the letter came—before it arrived he had inquired if there was a letter left there for him—I said not—he said would I take one in if it came—I asked hit name—he laid, "M'Greggor"—he did not call after the letter arrived, and I gave it to Joseph Handley, my pot-boy, to take down to his house—I knew where he lived—he had called a day or two before it arrived.





JOSEPH HANDLIY
. In March last I was pot-boy at the Edinburgh Gastle—mistress gave me a brown paper parcel, tied round with string—by her direction I took it to No. 1, Brockley-street, Woolwich—a woman came to the door—I asked her if Mr. M'Greggor lived there—she said no such person lived there, and shut the door—the prisoner then came out, closed to the door, and said, "It is for me"—I gave it him—I knew him before by sight, but not by name.





JOHN MULLIS REYNOLDS
. I am shopman to Mr. Robinson, a grocer at Woolwich—he keeps the post-office there—I have seen the prisoner at master's—he used to coins) often, to inquire whether there any letters directed to the Post-office for him—he did not give his name, but I knew it to be Cunningham—he once asked me to give him change for a 15l. Bank of Scotland note, which he bad in his hand—I did not take it out of his hand—I said I could not give him change—he asked me where I could recommend him to get change—I said I thought he could get it at the Bank by paying something.





LEWIS DAVIS
. I am a pawnbroker, and live at Woolwich. On the 13th of March the prisoner came to my shop with a 5l. Scotch note, saying he wished it changed—we are silversmiths and exchangers of foreign money as well—he said he was told he could get it changed here—I changed it for him, and gave him 4l. 15s.—I said we did not usually chaige them, unless they purchased something—he said he did not want to purchase anything—I said, "It will be 5s. expense to you, you had better send it back "—he said he would readily pay for it rather than send it back, and I gave him 4l. 15s.—it is not payable in London—I am under the impression that I asked his name, and wrote it on the note—I rather think it was Cunningham—I paid the note away to my bankers, the Commercial Bank of London.





HENRY MASTERMAN
. I am principal officer of the Warrior convict ship, at Woolwich. I have a Thomas Campbell in my custody there, and he was so in Match last—he came on the 13th of Feb.—the prisoner might possibly have had communication with Campbell in the yard, but not in the ship—I do not believe he ever had any communication with him—it was not to my knowledge—Parry brought the prisoner on board, and confronted him with Campbell—Parry asked Campbell if he ever authorised the prisoner to write to his friends for money—he said, "I never saw him, I never had any conversation with him, and have not authorised him at any time"—the prisoner made no reply—he had ample time to do so if he chose—he was there some minnles—I knew the prisoner by the name of Abraham Cunningham.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSOK. Q. How long have you been in your situation? A. I have had the sole charge since the 5th of Oct., but I have been engaged there fifteen years—I have known the prisoner two years and a half—I knew nothing against him previous to this—there are three convict ships at Woolwich—the same three are there now—there have not been any convicts sent abroad from the Warrior since the 29th of March—I know nothing of any other vessels—I have a register of the names of the prisoners on board—there are better than seven hundred on board the Warrior now; only one of the name of Campbell, I am certain—I know of no other name of Campbell—I have no other person of that name in my custody—I know nothing of the

other ships—I have not heard of any persons being suspended for writing letters for prisoners.





WILLIAM LEE
. I am a convict keeper at Woolwich. Thomas Campbell was under my care in March last—I know the prisoner—I never saw him in conversation with Campbell while he was under my charge, which was from the 14th or 15th of February last, up to the present time—he came on board on the 13th—he could not communicate with him in the day-time, while under my eye.

Cross-examined. Q. You do not mean to say two persons never have communication together? A. I mean I never saw the prisoner have any conversation with Campbell—he might have done so while I was away.





JAMES PARRY
. I am a police-sergeant. On the 9th of May I went to the Shakspeare public-house, at Woolwich—between six and seven o'clock in the evening the prisoner came to the bar and asked the landlord if there was a letter there in the name of M'Greggor—Bland, the landlord, said, "Yes," and asked him how he came to have his letters directed there without his leave—I did not hear his answer—Bland said, "How am I to know you are the person? is your name M'Greggor?"—the prisoner said, "Yes"—Bland said, "I must have a receipt for it; it may contain money, for aught I know"—the prisoner said, "Very well, I will give you a receipt"—I stepped forward and asked him who authorised him to send or write to Mrs. Campbell for money—he said, "Her brother"—I then said, "You must go with me"—I allowed him to take possession of the letter, and took it from him directly—on the way to the station he said, "Can't this be settled, sergeant, without its going any further?"—I said, "No; I don't know the exact particulars of the case, but it is said you had 5l. before"—he said, "Yes; I am a runed man; what a fool I must be"—I asked him where her brother was—he said, "On board our hulks; I mean her husband"—I asked him who wrote the letters—he said, "A man named Jones, who went away in the last Bay ship," (meaning Botany Bay)—I asked him what he did with the money—he said Jones had it—I said, "You did all this for nothing, then"—he said, "Only for good nature"—I found this little book on him, and all these letters—(the book contained entries of different names, among them "Campbell, Edinburgh, Scotland. Shakspeare Inn, Power-street. Campbell, Edinburgh Scotland, to be left at the Shakspeare Inn, Woolwich, till called for. 22nd April")

MRS. CAMPBELL
re-examined. I have got one of the notes here, similar to the one I put into the letter—this is one my husband gave me—these notes are in common circulation in Edinburgh—they were all five from the same bank and the same form.

MR. CLARKSON
called






THOMAS WOOLF
. I am a convict keeper at Woolwich. I have known the prisoner two years and a half—he always bore an honest character, and was a humane man towards the convicts—I know that convict keepers and officers in the hulks have been suspended for being parties to sending letters—about eighteen months ago, one Hubbard was suspended for six weeks for receiving 5l. from a prisoner's friend, till it was made good to the friends again—I have known parties discharged for sending communications from prisoners to their friends—I have detected two myself—we are not allowed to send or receive letters for prisoners without communicating with the authorities—it does not require much management to conceal it.




GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Seven Years.



Before Mr. Recorder.

