



2312. 




ELIZA JONES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of September, 1 half-crown, 5 shillings, and 2 farthings; the monies of 



James Hastings.






JAMES HASTINGS
. I am a carpenter, and live in George-street, Foley-place. I fell in with the prisoner, on the 15th of September, in Portland-street

about half-past eleven o'clock—I had not known her before—we got into chat together, she asked me for something to drink—I took her to a public-house and gave her some, and then we struck a bargain to sleep together, and went to Mrs. Smith's—I put my trowsers on the table—there were half a crown and 5s. in silver in them, and two farthings in my waist-coat pocket—I had some more silver in my other pocket, but do not know how much—it was about five minutes to six o'clock when I awoke—the prisoner was then up and dressed—she had got her bonnet on—I missed my money—the two farthings were also gone—I should know one of them again—I accused her of robbing me—she said, how could I accuse her of that, for she had not a farthing about her, and I had not given her any thing; but I had given her 3s.





LUCY ROBINSON
. I live in Albany-street, near to the station-house. I was called by the officer at half-past six o'clock in the morning to search the prisoner in the cell—she told me she had nothing about her, and when she gave me her purse, I asked how she came by the money—she said she changed a sovereign the night before—I found two half-crowns, two six-pences, and six shillings, a fourpenny-piece, three penny pieces, and two farthings.





DAVID HACK
. I am a policeman. I was called by the prosecutor to take the prisoner for stealing one half-crown and 5s. in silver—she said she had no money last night, and that I knew—I took her to the station-house, and on the way I said, "What money have you now?"—she said, "I shall not tell you."

Prisoner. I did not say I had not a farthing last night. Witness. You said you had no money last night, the prosecutor, knew you had not.





JAMES HASTINGS
. This farthing I know is one that I lost—this one is marked—I had only given her 3s.

Prisoner's Defence. I went in to have something to drink, and pulled out the two farthings from my pocket and a halfpenny—he said I need not pay for it—he took them from me, and said one was a bad one—I did not deny having any money—I gave up my purse directly.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.
