



1341. 




RICHARD PIKE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of April, 1 handkerchief, value 2s. the goods of 



Matthew Edward Greely, from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.







MATTHEW EDWARD GREELY
. I am a book-binder, and live in Jewin-street. On the 12th of April, between nine and ten o'clock in the evening, I was in Aldersgate-street, at the corner of Hare-court—I felt some-thing, I turned round immediately, and saw the prisoner—he passed from behind me, and went up Hare-court into a house—I got an officer, we went in, and searched two rooms—he was not there—we were going up to the third floor, and met the prisoner coming down—I missed from my pocket this silk handkerchief, which the officer produced the next day.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Had you had your handkerchief safe shortly before? A. Yes; I had used it at the corner of Jewin-street—I did not meet the prisoner, he was behind me—he was searched, and nothing found on him—there were other persons passing—I know this handkerchief by the mark on it.





THOMAS FOWLES
 (City police-constable, No. 138.) On that Sunday evening, the prosecutor's wife came to me, and said her husband had lost this handkerchief, and the person had ran up the court—I went up the court, went into No. 11, and searched two rooms on the first floor, then went up a second pair of stairs, and saw the prisoner coming down the third pair—I went up stairs and saw a hole, and saw some white on the prisoner's trowsers—he must have got up and thrown the handkerchief out on the leads, as it was found there the next morning.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see him do it? A. No; but it was found there—the prosecutor said that the man had a frock coat on—that was the only description he gave—I do not know whether it was a lodging-house.





WILLIAM JAMES GODFREY
. I went with the officer the next morning, and found the handkerchief.





CHARLES SIMMONS
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
.—Aged 21.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
