




1191. 




JAMES BARTHOLOMEW
 and 




JOHN ROWE
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 umbrella, value 5s. and 1 handkerchief, 1s. the goods of 



George Goward, from his person.






GEORGE GOWARD
. I live in Blewit's-buildings, Fetter-lane, and am servant at Mr. Williams's, the boiled-beef-house, in the Old Bailey—I have been with him about ten months. On Sunday evening, and 18th of April, I was coming home, about half-past ten o'clock, across Leicester-square—the prisoner Rowe came up by my side—he passed some remarks on the weather—he then asked me if I would have anything to drink—I said, "No"—he said he was coming part of my way—he asked me again to drink—I refused at first, and then said I did not mind, I had not anything to drink all day—we went into a public-house—he called for a glass of gin and water—he turned from the bar, and went in the yard, and while he was gone I paid for it—we then came out, and I bid him good night—he then asked me if I would

walk to his place—I told him no—he walked on to the Strand, and then he asked me again—I went with him to have some refreshment at his place (a respectable house, as I thought it looked to be) at No. 23, Charles-street, leading out of Parliament-street—it is the first turning past the Horse Guards—he asked me to wait while he got a light—he got a light, and asked me in, and took me to the top room of the house—he took off his coat, and put on another—he locked the room-door, and took the key out—I began to be surprised—I went to the room-door, and found it was locked—I tried to open it, and he asked me what I was going to give him—I asked him what for, and what he meant—he said he should except I should give him something for coming there, and I should not leave without—I said no, I had not got any money—he said I had got good clothes on, I should leave some of them—he spoke very low himself, and I dared not speak loud, as I did not know who might be in the house—he asked me again if I would give him anything—I told him no—he put out the light, and went into a closet, came out again, and sat on a French bedstead a little while—he then went into the closet again, and came out with his hand in his coat-pocket—he said had I made up my mind—I said I would not give him anything—he said I had a ring on, let him look at it, and feel my pockets—I said no, I would lose my life first—he then lighted the candle, and told me again I had got good clothes, I should leave some of them—he said he was in difficulty, he wanted 2l. or 3l., and he would have it, or it would be the worse for me; he knew I had some—I told him no, I had not—he said I might leave my outside-coat, and call again, or leave some money—I said no—he said I might think myself well off if I did not get stripped—that he had been served so, and it might be well if I did not get served so—he told me to leave my umbrella, and he took it out of my hand—he lighted me down stairs, and I went out—he asked how long I should be—I told him a very few minutes—I was to bring some money to get my umbrella—I saw a policeman, and told him—he came and knocked at the door—it was opened by the landlord—I showed the policeman the door of the room I had been in—he knocked two or three times, and the door was opened by the other prisoner, Bartholomew, whom I had not seen before—the policeman asked him if he had been at home all the evening—he said, "Yes"—I had described the room—I said there were two bird-cages in it—Bartholomew said I must be mistaken, for ha had been at home all the evening—I looked round the room, and into the closet where Rowe went, but he was not there—I then heard some water poured out—I then looked under the bed, but I did not see any one—we went down again, and the officer went to inform the police-sergeant—they came back, and looked in the room, but could not find my umbrella nor my handkerchief—I had had a handkerchief in the room, and when I went to call the policeman I could not find it—I went to the room with the officer the second time—I looked around, but could not see any one but Bartholomew in the room—I could not see my umbrella—the sergeant said he should take Bartholomew—I went to the station, and told them about my umbrella—I went the next morning to Bow-street—I there saw Rowe, who had locked me up in the room, and took my umbrella—this is my umbrella—I can swear to it—I cannot swear to this handkerchief.

Rowe. You put the umbrella into my hand. Witness. I did not—you took it away from me—you kept your hand in your pocket—I thought you had some weapon—the policeman said he found a razor.





ROBERT YOUNG
 (police-constable A 41). I was on duty at a quarter

before one o'clock that morning, in Charles-street—the prosecutor came to me, and I went to No. 25, Charles-street—I got admittance, and went up stairs to the room which the prosecutor described—I knocked several times, and Bartholomew opened the door—the prosecutor said that was not the man—when Bartholomew heard the nature of the case, he said we must be mistaken, no stranger had been there—we made a search for Rowe, and looked into the closet and under the bed, but could not find him—we searched the room thoroughly.

Bartholomew. I told you I had been at home up to half-past nine.

Witness. You said you had been at home all the evening.





WILLIAM ADAMS
 (police-constable A 164). I went with Young and the prosecutor—I saw Bartholomew—I asked him if he belonged to the room—he said, "Yes"—I said a gentleman had been robbed in that room—he said I must be mistaken, he had been in the room all the evening—I said, "Are you sure you have been in the room?"—he said, "Yes, and in that bed," pointing to a bed—I looked into the closet—it was large enough for two persons to go into—I looked under the bed, and saw a quantity of clothes, and it appeared as if some one had been lying under the bed—in consequence of Bartholomew being so bold, and denying everything, I left a constable in the room—I went to the station—I came back and apprehended Bartholomew—when I took him, he said, "How can I be answerable for who went into the room; when I am out I hang my key up; I did not go out the beginning of the evening"—when he had been locked up some time I went to the room again, and found the room which he had locked had been entered by means of a pane of glass being broken in the window—on that I demanded admittance into another room—I there found Rowe on his back, covered with rags—(they had denied all knowledge of his being there when I entered the room)—I said he was my prisoner, and asked him how he came there—he said he lived in the house with Bartholomew, and he had lived there twelve months—on taking him to the station I said it was a serious charge, I supposed he was aware of it—he said' "Certainty"—he said he did not ste✗ the umbrella, but he became alarmed and threw it away, and he wished it had been broken into fifty pieces—I found on him a key corresponding with one on Bartholomew.

Bartholomew. I said I was at home up to half-past nine o'clock, and then I went with a friend up to Exeter-street; I then met with another friend, and walked to the New Cut.





CHARLES WALKER
 (police-sergeant 19 A.) I went to the house—I saw the attic window open—I went on the roof, and found the umbrella concealed under the tiles—this handkerchief was concealed between a pillow and a pillow-case in the room.





JAMES TUCKER
. I am a tailor, and live at No. 25, Charles-street—the prisoners lodged both in the same room there—Bartholomew had been there about a year and a half—he took Rowe in to sleep with him—there is but one bed in the room.





CHARLES WALKER

re-examined. I saw the prisoners sign this examination. Read.—"The prisoners having been cautioned as to what they would say, and then asked if they would say anything, the prisoner Rowe said—'I was going through Leicester-square on Sunday evening at half-past ten o'clock; I met this young man, he spoke to me, and asked me which way I was going; I told him; he said he was going towards the City, and asked me if I would take anything to drink; we went to a public-house, and after coming

out he said he had lost his own key, and could not get into his lodging for the night, and said he should have to walk about all night; I told him rather than he should do that he might go home with me; he went up stairs, and sat upon the bed for some time, and then he said he thought he had better go and see if he could get into his own lodging; I told him he could do as he pleased, but if he kind he could stop; he said, "Since you have been so kind as to offer me part of your bed, I will make you a present of this umbrella;" I thanked him, and told him it was of no use to me as I never carried one; he then said, "I will leave it with you, and call for it to-morrow, as it is a dry night," I opened the door, and let him out, and showed him a light down stairs; I stood at the door a minute or two, as he said he should be back in a few minutes; I saw him go up to a policeman, and then I saw him coming back with a policeman; I ran up stain directly, being terrified, and I threw the umbrella out of the window on to the leads; I know nothing of the handkerchief; he might have left it there, as he sat upon the bed for half an hour; when the policeman came I got out of the way for some time, being so frightened; I have got no more to say; I have got no witnesses at all. JOHN ROWE."
"The prisoner Bartholomew says—'I was at home all day yesterday up to half-past nine o'clock last night; a friend having called upon me, asked me to take a walk with him; I did so, and left him at the corner of Exeter-street, in the Strand; on my return back, I met with another friend at the corner of St. Martin's Church; I walked with him over Westminster Bridge as far as the New Cut, and I was talking with him at the corner for three quarten of an hour; I returned back to Charles-street; when I went in I had no one in my room; the door was unlocked; I looked to see if any one was there, and who had been there; I did not see any one; I undressed myself, and was about getting into bed when the policeman came and knooked; I asked who was there, the answer was "A policeman;" I asked him what he wanted, he told me to open the door; I did so, and saw the policeman and a young man whom I had never seen before; he said he had been robbed of a✗ umbrella; I told him he must be mistaken, that I was not the person, and he must be mistaken in the room; he asked me to let him in to look, and I did so; the young man said the umbrella was taken from him, and put into the bed-clothes; they searched the room, and looked into the closet, and under the bed, and pulled the bed to pieces to see if the umbrella was there; it was not to be found; they went out, and I shut the door and locked it, and was about getting into bed, but I opened the window to listen if I heard any noise in the street; I looked over the parapet, and there I saw the policeman and the young man talking together; the policeman cast his eyes up, and seeing the window open, he walked away into Gardener's-lane; the young man stopped behind on the opposite side of the way; I shut the window, and went to bed; in a few minutes afterwards a knock came at the door; I asked who was there, the answer was, "A policeman;" I got up a second time and opened it; I was then taken into custody; I have no witnesses to call. JAMES BARTHOLOMEW.'
"Taken before me this 19th day of April, 1847. THOMAS J. HALL.

Rowe's Defence. This man has sworn falsely; he gave me the umbrella, and said he would call for it; I would not accept of it.

BARTHOLOMEW—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.

ROWE—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.





Transported for Seven Years.

