



2050. 




WILLIAM SHARP
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Woodward, about three in the night of the 
10th of May, at 



Lambeth, and stealing therein, 1 hat, value 1l.; 1 spoon, 6s.; 1 kettle, 2l.; 1 thimble, 6d.; 1 top of a pepper-castor, 6d.; and 1 candlestick, 4s.; his goods.






WILLIAM WOODWARD
. I am a hatter, and live at No. 128, Lambeth-walk, in the parish of St. Mary, Lambeth—I keep the house. On the 10th of May I missed several things—the prisoner lodged in the house, up stairs—I had a wooden partition, which fenced off my shop and parlour from the passage, and on coming down, about half-past seven o'clock in the morning of the 11th, I noticed that the partition had been moved and altered, and the screws drawn out, which would admit anybody into the shop—I found the prisoner under the counter in the shop—I had locked up that shop overnight, so that the partition would exclude anybody, unless by drawing the screws—I missed a best beaver hat, a silver caddy spoon, a large brass brewing kettle, a silver thimble, a pepper top, and several other articles—I had missed several things the day before, but those I am now speaking of were safe the overnight, when I went to bed—I asked the prisoner what he did there—he said he got there to protect the shop—the policeman afterwards found a silver thimble of mine in his possession at the station—I searched his room in the house, and found a saw, and the top of a pepper castor, which had been safe overnight in the parlour, which is inclosed in the same partition as the shop—I cannot say how long the saw had been there—I also lost spades, pick-axes, trivets, and other things—the parlour and shop communicate by a door—the partition is a moving one—one part of it is moved every day, and stands against the wall, and the other part goes back on hinges, to throw part of the passage into the shop—it is closed and bolted at night, so that no one can get in without breaking it open, or drawing the screws—I missed property both from the parlour and shop, which were both fastened up overnight—I found the screws drawn—I occupy the bottom part of the house, and sleep on the first floor, over the shop—I have not found anything but the thimble and this candle-stick—one part of it was concealed under the counter, where the prisoner was, and the other part was found in the privy.

Prisoner. I work in a dust-yard, and I picked up the thimble and pepper-top in the dust; he had no such thing as a pepper-top; I gave him a glass pepper-box myself; there is the dirt on the top now as I picked it up; my father gave me the saw when I was first married; he has taken that and other things since I have been here for trial. Witness. The pepper-top is

just the same as it was on my mantel-piece, in one of my mugs, in the parlour—I have had it by me for years—the kettle was kept in a cupboard underneath the stairs, in the back parlour, and the handle of it was left behind in the wash-house—I generally came down about seven o'clock, or half-past—I know the saw by a crack in it, which was made years ago—I never went into the prisoner's room without the policeman.

Prisoner. I made that crack in the saw myself, by cutting a piece of wood. Witness. It was done at Egham, in sawing off the limb of a damson tree.





WILLIAM HALL
 (police-constable L 88.) I searched the prisoner—I found this silver thimble in his pocket—I afterwards went to his room, and found this saw and this top of a pepper-castor—I found this part of the candlestick under the counter, where he was concealed—the prosecutor had allowed him to go to the privy—I found him there—the privy was afterwards emptied, and this other part of the candlestick was found there.

Prisoner's Defence. I was never under the counter; I was by the side of it; he told me he had lost a hat about a week before, and he blamed a man that worked for his brother; I said I was very sorry; I even brought two dogs to the place, bepause no one should get in; there was a hole in the back yard, and he said they must have come through there; I have lived in his house nine months, and he never knew me touch a thing; I have a witness outside that gave my father the saw.





WILLIAM WOODWARD

re-examined. I am state I found the prisoner under the counter—he was on his knees, and this part of the candlestick was close to him—he went to the privy directly, before I called the constable—I allowed him to go—this other part of the candlestick was found there, and a screw-driver by the side of it, belonging to me, and which had been in a cupboard in the back parlour.

Prisoner. He said at Union-hall that the two screw-drivers were in the bottom cupboard. Witness. No—the constable has those two—this it the one I found in the privy.

Prisoner. You have got up all manner of things, and brought them up out of spite—other people live in the place—the door is open at four o'clock in the morning, and people go in and out as well as me—a coalheaver goes out every morning at four o'clock. Witness. That person has lived with me ten years, and I never lost a thing—I am certain the screw-driven were in the top cupboard, and in the morning they were moved into the bottom one—I found the caddy, which was in the back parlour window, had been broken open, and the spoon was gone—he might get into the back parlour without going to the shop, but he had got into the shop first—the marks on the caddy exactly corresponded with the screw-driver—the candlestick was whole the night before, safe in the back parlour cupboard.

Witnesses for the Defence.

----SHARP. I am the prisoner's mother—I know this saw—it is broken rather on the slant in the small teeth—it has been in my place three years, and was kept in my son's box with his tools—he worked in a dust-yard—he had hammers and other tools for his own use, such as hammering his shoes—the saw was given him by his father, twelve months ago, in case he should want a bit of wood, as he began housekeeping—I live at Mr. Tilliard's, No. 4, Vine-street, York-road, Lambeth—it might be five or six months since I saw the saw—I noticed this mark, as we have had it so long in our own use—my husband used it when he wanted it for a bit of wood, or any odd thing—it was just as it is now when we first had it—it is a perfect saw—it was never any longer since we have had it.






ABRAHAM SHARP
. I am a waterman and lighterman—I gave my son a saw, which was broken off at the point—there was no other mark on it that I noticed—there was no flaw in it—it was not damaged or split, to my knowledge—I had it nearly three years—it was given me by a Mrs. Grove, who lives close against Lambeth-church—she used to live in the same house I live in now, and when she moved she said the saw was no good to her, and I might have it—and when my son got married, I got a little saw of my own out of pledge, and gave him this—(looking at it)—this is the saw—I have not seen it before to-day for six months—the prisoner is in no way of business—he sometimes used to work at the dust-yard, or get a job where he could—I gave him the saw for his own use—Mrs. Grove was here, but is very unwell and is gone home.





WILLIAM WOODWARD

re-examined. The prisoner never did any work for me in which he would make use of a saw—I never knew him do any carpenter's work, or use a saw—he never said he had a saw—this saw was found hide underneath his box.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you lend my wife a chopper to save her using a saw? A. No—she asked me one morning to lend her a chopper, to cut a bit of wood, which I did—I never saw you with a saw—this saw was my uncle Fletcher's, who lived at Egham, and I brought it up ten years ago—I have not used it for two years—I cannot be mistaken in it, I have had it in my hand so many times.





WILLIAM HALL

re-examined. I found the saw concealed underneath the prisoner's box.




GUILTY
of Larceny only.
 Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

