




1747. 




THOMAS WILLIAMS
and 




JOSEPH FREEMAN
were indieted for

stealing, on the 
16th of June, 1 handkerchief, value 3s. 6d.; and 1 hat, value 3s.; the goods of 



Thomas Greeaham, from hit person.






THOMAS GREENHAM
(City police-constable, No. 282.) On the 16th of June I was taking the prisoner Williams into custody on a charge—there was an attempt made to rescue him, by Freeman and others—they knocked me about, and ill-used me—Freeman said to Williams, " Take the b——r's hat off, " and Williams took my hat off,—I struck him with my staff, and got it again—they got me down a third or fourth time, and then Williams

got my hat again, and handed it to Freeman, who passed it to another person in the crowd—I lost my hat altogether, and my handkerchief was in it—I am sure the prisoners are the persons.

Williams, Q. Do you swear positively that the person made use of that expression 1 A. Yes.

Williams, I had occasion to go up a yard—he came and struck me in the jaws—I made a little resistance, he up with his staff and struck me and cut my head, and a lot of people came up. Witness. I was obliged to cry " Murder" more than fifty times—it was in Brewers'-yard, West-street Smith field—I sprung my rattle, and all the thieves came round me; and as for Williams having occasion to go up that yard, I went with two officers, and it was no such thing.

Freeman. I saw a mob of a great many people—I saw the policeman taking a man, and the policeman called out " Murder, " and when I got to the corner of the street the officer took me. Witness, Freeman was the man that kicked me most tremendously, and he got hold of my belt which we wear at night—I have never been well since—Williams struck me violently on the head.

Freeman, I have a witness to prove that I was in a public-house at the time the robbery was committed.
(The witness did not appear.)

WILLIAMS—


GUILTY.Aged 22.

FREEMAN—


GUILTY.Aged 21.
✗



Transported for Ten Years

(There was another indictment against the prisoners.)
