



328. 




EDWARD MORTIMER



, uttering counterfeit coin; having been before convicted of a like offence.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






CALES EDWARD PAWELL.
 I am solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record f the conviction of Edward Mortimer, at this Court, in April

last—I have examined it with the original—it is a true copy—(read—Edward Mortimer convicted April, 1847, and confined six months.)





ROBERT IREDALE
 (policeman M 165.) I was present when the prisoner was tried at this Court, in April last, in the name of Edward Mortimer.





WILLIAM MERRY.
 I am barman to Mr. Sinclair, who keeps the Black Boy and Apple-Tree, in St. Martin's-lane. On the evening of 26th Nov., the prisoner came to the front of the bar, and called for 1½d. worth of rum—I served him—he tendered me a shilling—I saw it was bad—I told him of it—he partly denied it, but said he had more money about him—he put his hand into his pocket, and pulled out another shilling—I found that was bad also—I kept them both in my hand—Fitch, who attends to the bar, had just stepped out—he came in in two or three minutes—I gave him the two shillings and called in an officer—Fitch marked the two shillings in my presence and gave them to the officer—when the prisoner first came in, I noticed that he took three or four shillings out of his waistcoat pocket, and passed one with his thumb on the counter.

Prisoner. I had but the two; and they being pronounced bad, I was taken from the bar before I went further.





WILLIAM FITCH.
 I am barman to Mr. Sinclair—I was called into the bar by Mr. Merry—he showed me two bad shilling—I marked them, and gave them to the officer—these are them.

Prisoner. Q. Was I not given in custody there and then? A. You were—there was a good sixpence found on you.





WILLIAM MAYER
 (policeman, F 132.) I was sent for to Mr. Sinclair's and the prisoner was given into my custody—I received from Mr. Fitch these two shillings—I found on the prisoner three duplicates and one good sixpence, in his fob-pocket—I took him to the station—he asked whether I had the two shillings—I said, "Why?"—he said, "They are both one date."





GEORGE DAVID LOVEGROVE
 (policeman, F 104.) On the evening of 26th Nov. I saw Mayer bring the prisoner from Mr. Sinclair's—it was raining very hard—he stopped, to allow him time to put on his cape—as soon as they had gone from there, I found this shilling.

Prisoner. Q. Did you state that at the station-house that night? A. I did not—I found it close by where you had been standing, in a court about two yards from the door of the public-house.





CALEB EDWARD POWELL

re-examined. I am inspector of coin to the Mint—these shillings are all counterfeit, and cast in one mould—they are made of Britannia metal, in a plaster of Paris mould.

Prisoner's Defence. I acknowledge having two of them; I offered them both at the same place; I was not aware they were bad; the other one I know nothing about; I had but the two shillings that I was aware of; the sixpence was found afterwards.




GUILTY. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.

