




1273. 




CHARLES MADELL
 was indicted for

 stealing 1 dressing-case value 15s.; 1 pair of scissors, 1s.; 2 razors, 3s.; 2 brushes, 4s.; 1 razors strop, 1s.; 1 comb, 6d.; 1 looking-glass, 2s.; 1 knife, 6d.; 2 bone rollers 4s.; 1 pair of tweezers, 6d.; 1 nail-file, 1s.; and 1 bottle, 2s. 6d.; the goods of 



Samuel Ellett: and 





HENRY EDWARDS



, for that he feloniously did incite, move, procure, counsel, hire, and command the said 



Charles Madell the same felony to do an commit.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.


SAMUEL ELLETT. I am a dressing-case maker, and live in Queen-street, City-road. On the 17th of April the prisoner Madell came to my house—he said he was a dressing-case maker, that he had a customer from Chelmsford, and he wanted some good dressing-cases—he said he wanted better goods than he had got—I sent my son with him with three cases—my son and Madell came back—he ordered five cases, three of one sort and two of the other, and asked if I had got some envelope-boxes—I said, "Yes"—he selected some, and four dressing-cases, and my son went him to show them—he returned with an order for once of the dressing-cases, which was to be sent to a public-house in Old-street—I told my son not to leave anything without the money, on way account—my son brought back the bag with the samples, and when I looked into it, there was once dressing-case short—I got the rest of the order ready, and at nine o'clock in the evening I went with my son to Baltion✗ street—I found Madell had left, and Edwards was about to leave—my son went into the house—he came out again, and said I was to go home directly, for Madell had gone to my house—we hurried home, and he had not been then—I said, "We must go and look after these men"—we went, and in going along, we saw the prisoner Edwards—my son said, "That is the gentleman that represent himself as Mr. Whiffin, from Chelmsford"—I stopped him,

and said, "Are you Mr. Whiffin, from Chelmsford?"—he said, "No. I am a Londoner bred and born"—I said, "Where there?"—he then said, "I came from Wales"—I said, "You have been looking at some dressing-cases"—he said, "I have"—I took him to my house, and he pointed out the very dressing-cases that they had been looking at—this is the card that Madell left me, and he wrote on the back of it the name of Whiffin.

Madell. Q. I represented myself as a fancy cabinet-maker; I believe you know that is true? A. No.—you were a perfect stranger to me—you said you had done business for respectable people—you named a person in St. Paul's—churchyard—I inquired there, and they do not know you—you mentioned the name of Whiffin—I asked you what trade he was, and what you dealt in—the second time you came you showed me a printed paper—you said Mr. Whiffin paid ready money—I considered I was dealing with Mr. Whiffin.





FREDERICK CLEMENT ELLETT
. I am the son of Samuel Ellett. On Saturday evening, the 17th of April, I saw Madell at my father's house—I took some dressing-cases to Madell's house—he went there and said, "My customer, Mr. Whiffin, is at the public-house over the way—we will and see him"—we went to the Sir John Falstaff, in Old-street, and there I saw Edwards, and Madell there gave me a glass of ale—I do not think they had spoken together before he gave it, but they were standing close to each other at the table—the ale made me feel a sort of dizziness in my head—I never drank any other ale that had the same effect on me—when I had had the ale, they began to look at the dressing-cases, and I heard Edwards say, "Will you take 3l.?"—Madell said, "No"—they offered me some more ale, and they went our together—Madell returned by himself in two or these minutes, and said he would have five dressing-cases—he gave me this paper, and he said he would go back to my father, to know how soon they could be got ready—he went with me—he talked about Chelmsford—he said Mr. Whiffin was brother to Miss Whiffin, and that she was the principal person in the business—he said what a nice place Chelmsford was, and that Mr. Whiffin had his own horse and cart, and he wanted to drive down that night—I understood that he meant Mr. Edwards, the person I had seen—I had not heard him address Edwards by any name—when we got to my father's, the goods were looked out, and an order given to take some dressing-cases to Baltic-street—I took four dressing-cases and two envelope-boxes—when I got to Madell's house, he said, "My customer is here now, I will take them up stairs, and show them to him"—he took the bag up stairs, and brought it down in a few minutes—he gave me the bag, and said, "Bring the other dressing-cases at nine o'clock, to the public-house in Old-street"—I went home, and found one case was missing—I went at nine o'clock—Madell was gone—I saw Edwards standing at the bar—he said Madell was gone to our house—we went there, but could not find him.

Madell. Q. What time in the afternoon was it that I first had the dressing-cases? A. I cannot say—I should think between four and five o'clock—you did not say that Mr. Edward's name was Whiffin, but you talked of Mr. Whiffin in going along—you gave me a glass of ale—you drank out of another glass, not the same that I had—I went down stairs when I went into your house—you did not say you had got a case, and you would pay my father for that one with the others—I thought that one was in the bag, or I should not have left it—my father ordered me not—I brought the others, which were ordered, a little after nine—it was not more than a

quarter after nine—you did not tell me to bring a bill and receipt with them—I asked you if I should bring one—you said, "No"—you did not say, "Bring a bill for them and the one I have got"—you did not say a word about keeping one—I went back, and missed one—it is about ten minutes' walk from my father's house to yours—you did not say you was going to take the dressing-case out to show.





DAVID ABRAHAMS
. I was at that time a City police-constable, No. 150. I took Edwards into custody at No. 8, Jewin-street—in going to the station, he said his name was Mr. Whiffin, and that he was an agent, at Chelmsford—I asked him if he knew a person named Madell—he said he had been in company with a friend who had made a dupe of him—when he got to the station he said his name was Edwards—I said, "You told me your name was Whiffin"—he said he had not.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How comes it you are not in the police now? A. I resigned—I was ordered to resign—I had been in the police before—Edwards and I were alone when he told me his name was Mr. Whiffin.





JOHN HARVEY
. (police-constable G 118.) I took Madell into custody—he said he did not steal the case, he had it in the regular way of business—he did not say whom he wanted to show it to—he said if I went to the George and Blue Boar in Holborn I should find a person of the name of Cook, who would give me the case—I went there, and could not find Cook—I found on✗ Madell, at the station, a letter, purporting to come from Charles Cook—this is it—(read—"To Mr. Madell,—Sir, I could not get in my rents from Colchester, or I would have sent you the account—I will be sure to sead✗ 17l. some day next week; you can make me twelve desks,—CHARLES Cook.")—Madell also showed me a printed bill of Miss Whiffin's, and said this would satisfy me—I also found on him some bills drawn by Charles Madell, and accepted by Henry Edwards.

Madell. Q. On Sunday morning you took me, and searched my place? A. Yes—I found the dressing-case at your own house.





CHARLES GOODMAN
. I know the prisoner Madell—there was a time when he was a partner of mine—it commenced last July, and ended in Dec. last—I know his handwriting—this letter, purporting to come from Mr. Cook, is Madell's writing—I am a commission-agent—when I was in partnership with Madell I was a fancy cabinet-maker.





MARY ANN WHIFFIN
. I reside at Chelmsford with my sister. I do not know Madell—he had nothing to do with my business—this is one of my shop bills.

Madell. I called on you at Chelmsford. Witness. I never saw you before.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Have you a brother at Chelmsford? A. Yes, a house-agent and appraiser.





SAMUEL ELLETT

re-examined. This is my dressing-case.

Madell's Defence. The dressing-case I am charged with stealing, is the one that the prosecutor wished me to show; I never named the name of Whiffin as a customer, but merely showed the circular to describe the sort of goods I sold—while I was I the prosecutor's shop, I stated that I had been through Chelmsford, Colchester, and Essex; I gave my right address; he knew nothing about Whiffin; on the day stated, Edwards and I dined at the Sir John Falstaff; I expected to meet the party the cases were for; he was in my debt, and I was to draw a bill on him; the landlord got me the stamp✗ and I did; I went to the Sir John Falstaff about nine o'clock; the witness

did not come; I left word with Edwards that I was gone out about money, and would call on him that night or early on Monday morning; the party I called on for money had nothing but a check for 20l.; I had left this case behinds me on the road; this was all the same evening; I was at home by half-past ten, and next morning two policemen came and said I was in custody for a dressing-case; I said it was a fair sale, I had purchased the goods, and I should pay on Monday morning; I told the prosecutor if he would come with me I would take him to the person who would pay the money; I had not the slightest intention to cheat him—up to the last four months I had fourteen men at work on my premises; I had an execution in my premises, and 160l. of stock was sold to pay 60l.—the reason I did not give the prosecutor the name of my customer was, that I expected to see that person at the Sir John Falstaff; had the prosecutor waited till Monday, all would have been settled; Edwards never heard the name of Whiffin.

MADELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Seven Years.

[see the next case.]

EDWARDS—


NOT GUILTY
.
