




184. 




THOMAS CONWAY
 and 




JAMES WHITE
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
15th of November, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 



William Roy, from his person.






WILLIAM ROY
. About eight o'clock in the evening of the 15th of November I was standing at the corner of Wellington-street, Strand—a friend asked me if I had lost any thing—I looked, and missed my handkerchief, which I had in my hand about a quarter of an hour before, in St. Paul's Church-yard—the policeman showed it to me in about three-quarters of an hour.





JOSEPH THOMPSON
 (police-constable S—39.) About eight o'clock in the evening of the 15th of November, I saw the prisoners at the corner of

Chancery-lane—I waited a few minutes at a pastry-cook's shop till they passed me, following the prosecutor and a gentleman who was with him—I followed after them to the corner of Wellington-street, through Holy well-street—I then saw Conway take a white pocket handkerchief from the prosecutor's pocket and carry it in front of him—White was close to him, covering him—the prosecutor then turned up Wellington-street—the prisoners still continued on westward, along the Strand—I saw they did not run—I went up after Mr. Roy, and told him what I had seen—I then went down the Strand, westward, after the prisoners—I could not find them—I took Mr. Roy's address, and went back, and, with the assistance of a City police-constable, I took the two prisoners, who were at the corner of Chancery-lane—I took them to the station, and the constable took off White's hat, and in it found this handkerchief—I asked White where he got it—he said he bought it on Holborn-hill—I am confident they are the men—I knew their resort, and where to find them.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Conway's Defence. I was never near Wellington-street, and know nothing of it.

White's Defence. I went into a public-house on Holborn-hill; a man man came in and offered this handkerchief for sale for 1 1/2 d., and I bought it.
(James Tebbetts, shoemaker, gave Conway a good character.)

CONWAY—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

WHITE—


GUILTY
. Aged 31.




Transported for Ten Years.
