



402. 




GEORGE MOORE
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Eastley Hearder and another, about the hour of two in the night of the 
3rd of December, at 
St. George the Martyr, Southwark, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 50 pairs of boots, value 30l.: 1 other boot, value 5s., and 4 spoons, value 12s.; their property; and 1 shawl, value 2s.; the goods of 




Charlotte Woolridge.






JOHN EASTLEY HEARDER
. I am in partnership with Mary Williams, at No. 63, Blackman-street, Borough, in the parish of St. George. On the night of the 3rd of December my house was entered, and I lost the articles stated—one boot of a pair was left behind—this is it—the other boot was taken away—this now produced is it—the two form a pair—they are numbered—they were manufactured at Northampton—I got up at about half-past six, or a quarter to seven o'clock in the morning.





CHARLOTTE WOOLRIDGE
. I am a servant of the prosecutor's. I fastened up the house on the night of the 3rd of December—the back-door was bolted top and bottom inside—I went to bed about half-past ten o'clock—the staircase-window was then close down—I came down a little before six in the morning—the nurse came down with me—the staircase-window was then a great way open, and the door from the passage to the shop stood wide open—the hasp was broken off—it had the appearance of having been forced open—the bolt was not pushed back—the back-door was open, and was kept open by the mat—I missed a quantity of boots and shoes from the shop, four spoons, an ironing-blanket which had been in the dresser-drawer, and a shawl of mine—some high steps were taken from the passage and put to the yard-wall outside—they would be able to get out by standing on these steps and getting over the wall—they would then be in the highway.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYKE. Q. How do you know it was before six o'clock when you came down? A. The nurse called me, and I looked at the clock when I came down stairs—it was about a quarter to six—it was rather dark—we both had candles, and I held up the candle to the clock—I will swear I did that on that particular morning—I believe the clock was right—there is a church-clock not far off, which we can hear strike sometimes, but we did not hear it that morning—this shawl, now produced, is mine—the ironing-blanket has not been found—I swear to the shawl by a mark of vitriol on it, and two little holes made by a pin—it is worth half-a-crown—I had worn it constantly.





WILLIAM COX
. I am a Thames police-constable. On the 4th of December, about a quarter-past eleven o'clock in the morning, I was passing

Windmill-street, New-cut, Lambeth, and saw the prisoner standing on the step of the Windmill public-house in company with another young man—I saw him take a boot from his left-hand coat-pocket, and give it to the other young man, who went away with it—I stopped him and asked what he had got—he said, "What is that to you?"—I asked him again and then he gave me the boot—in consequence of what he said I went back to the prisoner, and asked him how he came by the boot—he said he knew nothing of it, but afterwards he said that a young man had been in the Wind-mill public-house, and given it to him to give to the other young man—I secured the prisoner—the other escaped—I took a pair of boots off the prisoner's feet at the police-office—they were claimed by the prosecutor—the prisoner said he had got them in Petticoat-lane on the Tuesday previous—I asked him where he lodged—he said in White Horse-street—I went to No. 49 there, and found this shawl between the landing of the back-room, ground-floor—the prisoner had not described to me what part of this house, or what room he occupied—the landlady of, the house is not hen—I found the girl there with whom the prisoner cohabited—I know that from his own statement and hers also—he told me he lived at No. 47, but I ascertained it was No. 49—I learnt that, at Union-hall, from the girl he cohabited with—I heard nothing from the prisoner about No. 49—the girl did not tell me any thing in his presence—she came to Union-hall to claim a handkerchief and stock which I found on the prisoner, and the Magistrate ordered me to give them up to the prisoner—the stock I found in his right-hand pocket, and the handkerchief en his neck—all I know about the prisoner living at No. 49 is from the girl—the Magistrate ordered me to apprehend her, but she has since escaped—a person named Mayhew keeps the house—I never mentioned to the prisoner what I found No. 49, nor was it stated in his presence by any body—the shawl was produced in the prisoner's presence, and it was stated where it was found—I found no more shoes than those I have produced.

MR. HURDER
re-examined. These boots, found on the prisoner, are part of those I lost that night, and this single boot is the fellow to the one which remained on my premises.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know these boots? A. By my own mark on them, "74," which are own figures—they are worth about 10s., but the value of all the property lost is above 30l.

MR. PAYNE
called






ELIZA MOORE
. I am married to the prisoner's brother, who is a brush-maker, and lives at No. 4, Hampshire-street, New-street, Kennington. On the Friday night, the 3rd of December, the prisoner was at my house, at work—he came about six o'clock in the evening, and was at supper with me at half-past eleven, or between eleven and twelve—he slept at my house, with my husband's apprentice, who is now in the country with my husband—they have not returned—they were at Windsor market on Saturday—they went last Friday morning, to sell brushes, and I suppose they haveg one further down the country, as they did not return on Saturday night—he generally returns on Saturday night when he goes to Windsor market—I am speaking of last Friday week—I did not see the prisoner leave in the morning, and do not know what time he left—the last time I saw him was betwen eleven and twelve o'clock on the Friday night—I did not see or hear of nun after that—the room be and the apprentice slept in

is at the back of the house—I got up between seven and eight o'clock in the morning.

COURT. Q. Do you know the Windmill public-house, in the New-cut? A. No—I know the New-cut—it is about a mile from our house—I do not know White Horse-street—the prisoner always lived at my place—he had his victuals there—sometimes he would stay away a day or so, but not more—he did not live in White Horse-street, that I know—I never heard him mention White Horse-street—I do not know whether be lived alone when away from me—I never knew where he lived—he always lived at my place when he worked with my husband, and sometimes, when our work was slack, he would go and hawk for another man—we occupy the whole of our house—we have four rooms—we have no children—I and my husband slept down stairs, and the apprentice and him up stairs—I have not heard from my husband since last Friday—I heard of the prisoner's being apprehended on the Sunday, the next day but one—my husband and the apprentice heard it also.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.
