



2184. 




ELIZA LONDON
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 gown, 15s.; 2 petticoats, 4s.; 1 bonnet 2s.; 1 parasol, 1s.; and 1 shawl, 4s.; the goods of 



George Ritchie; having been before convicted of felony.







FANNY RITCHIE.
 I am the wife of George Ritchie, of the City-road. On Friday morning, the 13th of Aug., at nice o'clock, the prisoner came to my house to do needlework—I did not know her before—I went out between five and six in the afternoon, leaving her alone in the house with my two children, aged three and five years—I was away about an hour—when I got back she was gone—I missed a watch, which was no the table when I went out; also, this dress, two petticoats, a bonnet, and a parasol—the dress had been in a drawer—it is my property, and she one I missed—I afterwards met the pri-soner, and gave her in charge—she had the bonnet on, I found nothing else but the dress—she said I could not prove she had taken anything.





ELIZABETH LONDON.
 I am a widow, and live at Clerk's-place, St. Luke's. The prisoner is my daughter—she slept at home—about five weeks before I was before the Magistrates, he brought home a shawl, a pair of boots, and this dress—she told me she had got them at a place she was at service at, and that her mistress would be answerable for their being paid for.





GEORGE SECKER.
 I am son of George Secker, a pawnbroker, of John's row, St. Luke's. I produce the mouselin-de-laine dress, it was pledged by a female, I do not know who—a ticket was given her, I do not know who by.





ALFRED HENRY GRANT
 (policeman.) The prisoner was given into my charge by Mrs. Ritchie—she had this bonnet on, which Mrs. Ritchie owned—I produce a duplicate which I received from the prisoner's mother.





ELIZABETH LONDON

re-examined. I pledged the dress for myself—I was to get it out for the prisoner on the Saturday—she left it at home, in her box—she slept at home—I was not aware she had got it improperly.





ISAAC NEWTON
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted May, 1846, and confined three months)—I was present at the trial—she is person.




GUILTY.** Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

