





2181. 




PIETRO VALLER,



 FRANCISCO ENRICO
, and 




HENRY HARRISON
 were indicted for

 feloniously making and engraving certain parts of a foreign undertaking for the payment of money, issued by a body corporate recognised by his Majesty the King of the Netherlands.—Other COUNTS, varying the manner of stating the charge.


MESSRS. BODKIN and DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






LOUIS GLUCK ROSENTHAL
. I am an artist, and live in Wellington-terrace, Waterloo-road—I occupy some rooms on the second floor of the house. On Thursday, the 18th of July, the prisoner Harrison called on me—my landlady came up to me, and then Harrison came up—he said he had heard the report of the work of the Duke of Sussex—I had published a portrait of the late Duke of Sussex—after half an hour's conversation about the Duke of Sussex, he said, "I can give you a job to do of my own"—he said the name of Hatton had introduced me to him—I did not know such a person—I said I should be very glad to do the job if it was in my line—he went down stairs, and said he would bring me an answer in two minutes' time—my curiosity led me to the window to see where he went, and it was into the Waterloo-road, which is just before my door—I saw the other two prisoners communicate with him—he came up stairs in a minute's time, presented to me this paper marked "A," and asked if I could do 350 the same as this genuine one—I said I should think I could do it—he asked how much I wanted to have for 350—I said 3l.; 10s.—he said, "I have nothing to do, I must go down stairs, and ask the others"—he went down for two minutes, came back again, and said, "You can make, instead of 350, 500 for the same price"—I agreed to that—he asked me what time he could have the first impression—I said he could have one on Friday, but, being my Sabbath, I asked him to

call on Saturday—I asked him where he resided—he said, "Never mind where I live"—I told him he must leave me a few shillings deposit—he said, "Well, perhaps I will, but I must go down stairs again"—he returned, brought me half-a-sovereign, and said, "I want change, I will leave you 5s."—I gave him 5s. out of the half-sovereign—I told him he could have the impression on Saturday—he said, "I will call to-morrow evening or Saturday for the first impression," and he said, "You have no reason for the deposit, because this genuine one which I leave with you is of the value of 2l.;?"—he told me the 500 must be printed twelve on one sheet, and to avoid the watermark as much as possible—he enjoined me that I should not tell anybody about this job, to keep it a secret—at that time I did not know the value of the instrument, but I had some suspicions—I showed it to a friend—I went to the City to make inquiry, and then went to the police-court, Union-hall; and on the following day, in consequence of what I heard there, I went to the office of the Consul-General of the Netherlands—I saw Mr. Owen, an engraver, on Friday, and engaged him to do the work—on Saturday evening, at a quarter to seven o'clock, he brought me a copper-plate; and while he was with me, I saw, from my window, Enrico and Harrison walking together opposite my house—I pointed them out to Owen, and directed him to go down stairs—about seven o'clock Harrison came to the house—that was the time appointed—he asked me if the first impression was done—I showed him the copper-plate—he asked why it was not done—I told him I could not get the same paper as the original—he said, "Never mind this time about the paper, next time I will get paper from Amsterdam"—he looked at the plate, said nothing about it, but took it down stairs, as he said, to show to the other parties—he said, "I shall not bring it up stairs, I will hand it to you at the shop door"—he brought it back to me, and said, "Correct"—I only saw Enrico with him that day—I told him if he called on Monday evening, at the same time, he should have the first impression—Owen brought me some printed papers on Monday evening—these are the proofs he brought me—Harrison called at seven o'clock on Monday—I showed them to him—he seemed contented with them—he went down stairs to show them to the other party—I did not see anybody outside at that time—I pointed out to him some defects in the engraving, and said the whole must either be cut in wood or stereotyped, to resemble the original—he did not make any observation, but was very agitated that the first impression was not done—I was to go on getting it done in wood—he said he would call on Wednesday evening—there is an ornament on the original document, scrollwork—he said all those spaces must be kept open, so that there should be no kind of join there—it seems not to join in the original—I told him the first impression would be done on Wednesday—he came on Wednesday evening, about the same time—the engraving on wood was not quite ready, but the first impression, the proof from the wood, was done—he told me I ought to have asked the parties five guineas, instead of 3l.; 10s.—I said, "Well, I have only seen you, I have nothing to do with the parties"—he said, "Never mind, you might ask the party when he calls to-morrow evening"—he said he would send his card with the party to-morrow evening, that I might see the party, and he said, "You should charge him five guineas, instead of 3l.; 10s."—he said, "You must know they have given me 10s. as a deposit, and I have only given you 5s., and therefore, when he calls on you to-morrow, you might ask him five guineas, because I want to have a sovereign out of it for my trouble"—I said, "Very well, send me the party"—he said he would call himself the following day, and I should pay him the 15s. out of the 5l.; I was to ask the foreigner—he told me not to part with the original until they had paid

me when they came for it—on the Thursday evening I received some more proofs from Owen—these marked "F" and "G" are them—on the same Thursday evening Valler came, and produced an envelope, containing this card, with the name of Harrison on it, but no address—I asked him if he knew German—he said, "No, I know a little French," and asked me if the 500 were ready—I said I could not get them ready, because they were not dry—I said I had received a proof, and I showed him the proof which Owen had brought that evening—he said, "That will do, it is very correct"—I said it was a difficult job, as Harrison had told me to say, and asked him a sovereign more—I could not in my conscience ask him 5l.;—he said, "Well, you shall have 4l.;," and gave me a sovereign on account—he took the proof away with him—on the Friday evening Harrison and Valler both came to my room, rather before seven—I told them the copies were not quite ready—part had been printed, but not the whole—I promised him faithfully to have them ready by Saturday evening at that time—Valler was very vexed and discontented that they were not done—I promised them faithfully for the next day, at six o'clock—on Saturday, about five o'clock, I received a quantity of copies, made up into five parcels, in brown paper, from the sergeant of the police—I also received the original coupon, and a block or two—I opened the parcel containing the blocks—these are them—I tied the parcel up again, and about seven o'clock Harrison and Valler came—they asked if the job was done—I delivered to Valler the five parcels I had received from the police, with the original coupon on the top of the others—he opened the parcel, and showed it to Harrison—they looked at the impressions—Harrison made no further observation, Valler, saying that for the future I should have plenty of work to do quite in another style, he seemed perfectly satisfied—Harrison said nothing, but seemed as well pleased—Valler then paid me 2l. 10s., the remainder of the money—when I handed the paper containing the blocks to Valler, I said he should take that away with him—he said, "I shall leave it with you"—I said, "No, you had better take it with you," and he took them away, with the 500 impressions—these are them—Valler left the room first, and after he had left, Harrison sat down in a chair, and said, "Now settle with me as well, let me have for my own trouble the money"—I gave him 5s., and told him he had better call to-morrow for the 5s.; but he said, "Never mind, pay me now;" and I paid him—I was acting in concert with the police and the Consul all through.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. I suppose you had never seen Valler before? A. No, he was quite a stranger to me—I do not know how the blocks and things came into the hands of the police—I knew it to be wrong—I went on with it, by the direction of the police—I made the extra charge for Harrison's sake—it was not my hand that engraved the plate, it was Owen's—I have had jobs in engraving, but in any honest line—I am an artist, but take any job for a few shillings.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You say on one occasion Harrison was agitated that the first impression was not done, was not what he said, "You give me a great deal of trouble in calling so often, and I shall not get at all more paid for it?" A. I did not hear that—he said, "I only wish you would tell me a certain time, that I am to call, either morning or evening, and I shall have less trouble."





WILLIAM OWEN
. I am an engraver, and live in Albemarle-street, Clerkenwell. I got these blocks made for Rosenthal, by people employed by me—he called on me—I went to his house on the Saturday, and took the copper-plate with me—while I was there, he pointed my attention—I looked out of window, and saw Harrison and Enrico on the opposite side, walking past—they

were together—after looking at them, by Rosenthal's direction, I left the room and Went down stairs—I saw Harrison come into the house about ten minutes after I went down, and a minute or two after I saw Harrison in the place—I was in the back parlour—he went up stairs while I was down—Harrison had a small paper parcel at the time he came into the house again—he passed it to Rosenthal, and said it would do very well—that was in the shop—it was the copper-plate which I had brought—I heard him say, "They must be done without fail on the Monday, by seven o'clock in the evening"—I took the copper-plate back with me, and the other part was to be done in wood—I saw no more of them that day—I went to Rosenthal's again on Monday, at a quarter before seven, and took these proofs with me, which are from the letterpress part—while I was there that evening, I noticed Enrico and Harrison outside, and as they passed they met Valler, who joined them—they remained there in my sight about half an hour—I proceeded to engrave the wood blocks, and took proof from them to Rosenthal's on the Thursday—I did not, on that occasion, see anybody near the house—I gave the proofs to Rosenthal—these are them—I was aware, all this time, that Rosenthal was, in communication with the police, and I went to them myself before I commenced.





BETSEY PAVEY
. This house in Wellington-terrace, where Rosenthal lives, is my husband's. I remember on Thursday, the 18th of July, Harrison calling, and at the same time I observed Enrico and Valler outside—Harrison came again on the Saturday and on the Monday following—and on the Monday I saw Enrico and Valler outside, while Harrison was there—on the Wednesday following, I remember Harrison coming alone, and next day Valler came himself—the next day Valler and Harrison came together—while they were with Rosenthal I saw Enrico outside, who joined a fourth person—Valler called again on the Saturday, with Harrison, and I saw Enrico outside then—they came three times that Saturday evening, and—I saw Enrico outside on those occasions.





STEPHEN THORNTON
 (police-sergeant.) I am one of the detective force. I was employed on this business by the solicitors to the consul-general of the Netherlands. On the Friday I was near the York Hotel, Waterloo-road, about half-past five o'clock, and saw the prisoner Enrico sitting on a cask, inside the house—I was there myself—I did not observe what he was doing—about half-past seven I observed him in company with the other two prisoners and another—they were in conversation together at the corner of York-road, in Waterloo-road, about fifty yards from Rosenthal's house—I followed them down York-road, to the Obelisk—that is going from Rosenthal's—they remained in conversation a short time at the Obelisk, and then separated—as they went down towards the Obelisk, I observed Harrison frequently turning round and looking behind—I was not in my uniform—when they got to the Obelisk, Enrico and Harrison went down the London-road, and Valler and the one not in custody down Blackfriars-road—I followed Valler and the one not in custody over Blackfriars-bridge, up Holborn, down Leather-lane, into a court in Eyre-street, Leather-lane—I did not notice them speak to anybody in the course of their walk—I followed Valler till one o'clock, to the Italian school, in Greville-st., where he remained about an hour—he came out of there with another party—I followed them to Lincoln's Inn-fields; and further on, I saw Valler meet the witness Fielitz in Holborn, and have some conversation with him—I left Valler at last at Eyre-court, Eyre-street-hill—next day, Saturday, I was in the neighbourhood of Waterloo-road, and at half-past six saw the three prisoners—Valler and Harrison went to Rosenthal's door and rang the bell, and two, I believe it to be Harrison and Valler, went in—Enrico remained outside—I did not set them come

out, but I saw them after they had come out, and saw them all three together—Valler was carrying a small parcel, wrapped in this handkerchief-ther joined Enrico almost immediately they came out of Rosenthal's—I followed them to the Hero of Waterloo, in Waterloo-road—I went into the house—the three prisoners were sitting in a box by themselves in the parlour—Valler was sitting outside the box—the papers all laid between Enrico and Valler—I said to Valler, "You are my prisoner;" and in the act of my reaching for the parcel, Valler put his hand out to catch the parcel—I caught it in his hand—they were all three taken into custody, and taken to the station—I searched Valler, and found on him a pocket-book, and the blocks and a paper in his left-hand coat pocket—the parcel was fire separate parcels of the impressions—I found this proof "F," among other things, in his pocket-book, and also this (the genuine coupon, marked "A")—I also found these papers on him—("K," "L," "M," and "N,")—I did not search Enrico.





DAVID GALLICO
. I am an Italian, and am an interpreter, living in Litchfield-street, Soho. I know Valler and Enrico—I knew Valler by the name of Giacome San Michele, and Enrico by the name of Francois Mutta—on Monday, the 22nd of July, I saw Enrico by the Duke of York column, at the bottom of Waterloo-place, between five and a quarter after—Fielitz, a German, was with me—we had some conversation together, and I left Fielitz, and joined Enrico—we afterwards entered a public-house, and had a glass of cider, and after a bit he said to me, "I am obliged to leave you, as I have an appointment on the other side the Waterloo-road, at seven o'clock exactly"—I walked with him as far as the Strand, near Waterloo-bridge, and then left him—Valler saw me six or seven weeks ago as I was on Saffron-hill—he called me aside privately, and said he wished to speak to me, he had got a job for me—I asked him what it was—he said, to do some writing, some language for him—he appointed to call at my house—I gave him my direction—I said if I could not do it most likely my wife could, as she writes well—I told him so—he did not come—I met him afterwards, and he afterwards came in about a week—I wrote my address for him, and he called, and said he was very sorry the writing would not do—(looking at the paper marked "L")—this is my address in my handwriting, which I gave him—I afterwards got my wife to write, and handed it to Valler—this is it (M)—he said that most likely would do—he called about a week afterwards at my place early in the morning, and said he was very sorry I could not suit the writing, but he should be glad if I could recommend him anybody to write, and I introduced Fielitz to him on Friday, the 26th of last month, at a public-house in Bear-street, Leicester-square—we had some gin to drink—Valler on that occasion produced this passport, and desired Fielitz to imitate the signature of C. Salati on that—Fielitz tried to imitate it—Valler said he was quite satisfied, and what he would give him to do, the signature he wanted him to do would not be so long as Salati—he then produced this (F), and said that was the work, and he wished him to put a full name similar to that, and he should have fifty for him—he appointed next Saturday to call at the house at eight in the morning to come to my residence—he never came.





ADOLPHE FIELITZ
. I am a Prussian, and an interpreter by profession; I live in Cecil-court, Leicester-square. I know Gallico—he introduced me to Valler, who told me he had something to write—he showed me a passport and spoke to me about imitating that signature—he asked me if I could write the same as that—I said, yes I could—I wrote just the same, and he was satisfied, and said, "That will do"—some time afterwards he took out his pocket-book, and showed me some coupons—this is one—he said he wanted the name of the clerk of the banking-house to be written on it, he should want forty-five or fifty done, and said there would be 100 or 200 to do—I met him in

Holborn at eleven o'clock on Friday evening—I did not know him—he came up to me, and shook hands—next day I went to the office of the Consul of the Netherlands, and gave information.





EDWARD KENDALL
 (police-sergeant.) I accompanied Thornton on Friday, the 26th, to the York-hotel, Waterloo-road, and saw Enrico sitting on the end of a cask looking out of window—he could command a view of the road—Thornton and I separated—I went a short distance down the road, and saw Enrico come out, and stand at the door—he remained there about a quarter of an hour, and was joined by Harrison—Harrison went to Rosenthal's—I at last joined in taking them—I searched Enrico and Harrison—on Enrico I found a pocket-book containing two or three cards with an inscription on them—he gave his address, No. 4, Trafalgar-place, Gibraltar-row, Lambeth—I went to that house, and went all over it—there are two rooms down stairs, and one up—I found nothing but two or three letters.





RUDOLF ADRIAN MEES
. I reside at Rotterdam—I am one of the firm of the Administration-office of Jan Van der Hoop and Gerardus Eck. We issue certificates of Dutch stock, accompanied by coupons—this is a genuine coupon issued by our house by authority of the Government of the Netherlands.

MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Is there any authority in writing? A. It is done under the law—it is in the law of the country—we have no written direction by the law of Holland.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Do you issue them? A. Yes—they are circulated among the population, and are taken just as bank notes—this is worth almost 2l.; in English money—it is signed "Adrianus Offers"—he is one of the firm there are six members of the firm—Jan Van der Hoop is one of them—on presenting this coupon at our office when due the person would be entitled to that amount of money—we receive a general sum from the Government of the Netherlands to pay to the holders of the coupons—William II. is the reigning King of the Netherlands.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Has he any other name but William? A. Not to my knowledge.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. You are in partnership with these gentlemen? A. We are a commercial society, and sue and are sued in the name of the Administration-office—that is the title—we are a partnership and act as agents to the Government under the law—this is a perfect paper—it has no signature or water mark—every coupon has a number corresponding with the certificate it belongs to—we are sued as the Administration-office of Jan Van der Hoop and others.

VALLER—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

ENRICO—


GUILTY
. Aged 52.

HARRISON—


GUILTY
. Aged 45.






Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Recorder.

