



1818. 




WILLIAM HATHERSTON
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 purse value 1s., 3 half-crowns, six shillings, and 1 5l. note, of 



Harriet Lillywhite, from her person.


MR. PARKELL
conducted the Prosecution.





NATHAN JARVIS
. I am a police-officer of the London and North Western Railway. I was at the railway last Saturday evening, at a quarter past nine o'clock—there is an express train comes in from Newmarket—I saw the prisoner with two others—one of his companions had a coat or cloak over his arm—they were walking up and down, as if waiting till some one came by the train—they staid till the train arrived—I saw the prisoner go and touch two or three ladies by their side—he touched Miss Lillywhite on the right hand side—he then walked away up the platform—I walked after him—he looked round to see if I was following him—his friend ran away, and he ran up the platform.

toward the Drummond-street gate, but he did not go out—he turned by an omnibus—I called out, "Stop the man with the white hat!"—I ran after him—he was stopped at the back of the first omnibus, and in front of the second—the conductor stopped him, with the constable Ings—I found upon him eight sovereigns, a twenty-franc piece, 18s., a 4d. piece, a halfpenny, and two rings—I received this purse from the bussman, Irbey—from the time I saw the prisoner near Miss Lillywhite till I took him I did not lose sight of him once—I am quite positive be is the person.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILDE. Q. Did he make any observation? A. Not to me—I heard him say, as we were going to the officer that he was a gentleman—he did not say, in my hearing, that he was waiting for a friend—there is generally a great deal of bustling after luggage, and a hustling—I have not taken anybody for hustling—I saw the prisoner about nine o'clock, and the train came in at a quarter-past nine—there were 100 or 150 persons on the platform—the prisoner and his two companions were altogether round one carriage—after I supposed he had committed a wrongful act, he and one of his companions walked away, about ten yards, together—I do not know what became of the third man—I could not watch them all—I had no difficulty in watching the prisoner and the other man about ten yards, and then I watched the prisoner only, he had a white hat—they had been together as friends, about half a yard apart—there was no one else walking up the platform—that was when the train came in—they walked together ten yards after the lady had been jostled—then the prisoner's friend went amongst the cabs, and the prisoner went up the platform—I should not be able to swear to his friend—the third man I did not see move away from the mob—I had seen the prisoner in Oxford-street before at different times, walking up and down—I saw Irbey give the prisoner into custody of Timms—I saw Timms and Irbey with him—they both stopped the prisoner together at the pole of an omnibus—Irbey was trying to hold him with Timms at the pole of the omnibus.

MR. PARNELL. Q. Did you see the other man touch Miss Lillywhite? A. No—I did not lose sight of the prisoner from the time I saw him touch her.





WILLIAM IRBEY
. I am driver of an omnibus. I had my omnibus at the Euston-square station on Saturday night—I was standing at my horses' heads—the prisoner came under the end of the pole—I stretched out my arms and caught him, and the policeman came up—I heard Jarvis call out, "Stop the man with the white hat"—no one else passed the head of my horses—I picked up this purse there, and gave it to the policeman.

cross-examined. Q. Then you had caught the prisoner when Timms came up? A. Yes—he came under the end of my pole without any hat—I had the prisoner secure, and gave him to Timms—there were a great many people about—there were not a great many passed by my omnibus, but on the further end of the platform—there were not a great many came and asked where I was going—I was not going out with that train.





HARRIET LILLYWHITE
. I came up to town from Newcastle by the express train last Saturday evening—I arrived a little after nine o'clock—this purse is mine—I lost it that night—I discovered the loss about one minute after I got into the cab—I had not been anywhere to fetch the luggage—the luggage was on the top of the carriage—I stood by the side of it while it was taken down—I then got into the cab, and immediately after I discovered my loss—I had had this purse safe shortly before—when they collected the tickets I took it out—I put it back into my pocket immediately—my pocket was on my right side—I felt myself hustled while I was seeing the luggage down—I had no occasion at all to take my purse out from the time the tickets were collected till I

missed it—I bad a 5l. note and some silver in it—I have not the slightest doubt that this is my purse—it still contains the note and money.

cross-examined. Q. Where do you wear your pocket? A. On the right side, it is a pocket in my dress—I have never missed the pocket, and thought I had lost something, when it had slipped behind and fallen to the ground—it was not long from the tickets being collected till I was in the cab—we were not detained long in collecting tickets—I had not to search for my luggage—it was taken from the top of the carriage I came up in—I had not to pass through a crowd to get to the cab, only for a few minutes—a number of persons came by that train—I believe there were a great many people standing round about in all directions—I did not see the prisoner touch me—I do not remember that many persons came near me after I had my luggage—it might be about ten minutes from the time I took the ticket from my purse till I got to the cab.

MR. PARNELL. Q. The cab was brought in front of the carriage? A. Yes—I had not to go down the platform, but merely to cross it.





JAMES DEAR
. I am foreman of the porters at the London and North Western Railway. Last Saturday night I saw the prosecutrix there—the prisoner was standing close alongside of her, sidling against her—there was a person with him—they sidled against her and touched her—she complained to me shortly after of the loss of her purse—immediately the prisoner and his companion had left her they said, "Jack" or "Tom."

cross-examined. Q. Did you see Irbey, the omnibus-man, there? A. No—I saw him at the office—I did not see him with the prisoner—I saw the prisoner after he was apprehended—there were a great number of persons on the platform when the train arrived and afterwards—there were a great number of people standing where I saw these persons standing, and jostling the lady—the place where the purse was picked up was in the highway, where people constantly pass to and fro—I saw a great many persons passing for the purpose of getting in cabs, and omnibuses there—I had not seen the prisoner before—I know nothing of the other man.

MR. PARNELL. Q. I believe if a cab is wanted the porters fetch it? A. Yes—people sometimes fetch them themselves.





WILLIAM TIMMS
. I am a policeman of the London and North Western Railway. I took the prisoner in custody last Saturday night—he was in the cab drive—I took him myself—I did not see Irbey till after I had taken him—I was just at the bottom of his omnibus—the prisoner must have got out of Irbey's hands—he came from the platform when he came to the end of the omnibus—he was passing between two omnibuses, in the front of the horses' heads of one, and to the door of the other—he passed under the horses' heads in front of one of the omnibuses—his name was asked at the station—he refused to give it, or his address—he gave his name on the Monday.

cross-examined. Q. You had not seen Irbey till after you got the prisoner? A. No—I had seen him before that—I did not receive the prisoner from Irbey—I did not hear the prisoner say anything—he made no statement—I did not hear him say he came for the purpose of meeting a friend—he did not state he was a gentleman.
(John Murphy, a publican, of Charles-street, Walworth, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Yean.

