







284. 



JULIA COLLINS,


 THOMAS STEVENS,


 WILLIAM M'DONALD,


 ANN PLUMMER
; and 



CAROLINE HILL
 were indicted for

 a robbery on 



George William Stone, and stealing from his person 1 watch, and other articles, value 13l., 10 sovereigns, 4 half-sovereigns, 2 half-crowni, and 6 sixpences: Plummer having been before convicted.

Ma. COOPER
conducted the Prosecution.






GEOROR WILLIAM STONE
. I am clerk to Mr. Taplin, and have been managing clerk to several solicitors in London. On 28th Nov., from ten to half-past ten o'clock, I left the office to go home to Albany-road, Camberwcll—as it

was very cold, I went across to the Virginia Plant, in the Dover-road, and had two fourpenny glasses of rum and water—I stopped there about ten minutes—I did not sit down—after leaving, I think I passed about twenty houses, and just as I got to the corner of Lower Bland-street, the prisoners, Hill and Plummer, rushed upon me and seized me by the collar—I resisted, and they tore my buttons and button-holes, and dragged me down a little court, perhaps a dozen yards off, and into a house, No. 2, Sussex-place—they closed the doors, and Hill asked me for something to drink—I took out my purse and gave her two shillings; and Plummer went out, as I supposed, to get some liquor—I then wanted to leave, but Hill shut the door and set her back against it, which prevented me—immediately after that Collins came down stairs with a lighted candle, smiling, and entered into conversation with Hill and Plummer, who returned with some liquor—they then asked me to take something to drink, which I refused—they asked me again, and not thinking that it was drugged, or anything improper in it, I took some—I might have drank half a glass—they pressed me again, and I think I drank a second time—I heard a great deal of confusion either up-stairs or outside the door—I was very much alarmed—I dropped in a chair, and, to the best of my recollection, I beard no more—I awoke about six or seven in the morning—I had in my pockets the night before, ten sovereigns, some half sovereigns, and silver, amounting to about 14l.—that was gone, and both my pockets were cut—I bad a gold watch, a gold chain and seal, and a mourning ring; they were all gone—my watch had been in my fob, and the fob was cut—I went up-stairs and found no one—the place only consists of two rooms—I went out and informed the policeman—I might have been half an hour with these women before I became drowsy—there was a candle in the room, two chairs, and an old table—I swear most positively that these are the women.

Cross-examined by
MR. WOOLLETT. Q. How long have you been in the service of your employers? A. Better than two years—I frequently stop till ten o'clock, it might have been half-past ten that night—the Virginia Plant it a most respectable wine-vaults—there was no place to sit down, I stood at the side-entrance while I was drinking—it may be called a gin palace—it is written up "Wine Establishment"—it might be the bar where I stood—I resisted—I did not call out "Police!"—I thought it was best to get away quietly—I went by compulsion—I dare say I might have called "Police" long enough, they are seldom in the way when wanted—I did not take the liquor by force, but I believe they threatened to throw it over me—I became insensible—I was not drunk.

Plummer. When we were called for, you had to look at us, and you said you did not know but one prisoner, and that was Hill; then we were taken before the Magistrate, and you said you knew us both. Witness. I did not say so.





WILLIAM WILLIAMS
 (policeman, M 112). On 28th Nov., I was on duty in the Dover-road—I went down Sussex-place, between twelve and one o'clock—I saw M'Donald, Hill, and another girl that I do not know, come out of No. 2—they went away together towards the Bricklayers' Arms.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Can you swear it was not before twelve? A. Yes; I heard the clock strike twelve before I saw them, and the houses were shut up.

Cross-examined by
MR. WOOLLETT. Q. What is your beat? A. The Dover-road and Bland-street—there are two policemen there, one on each side—there are a good many public-houses about there.






DANIEL MARCHANT
 (policeman, M 139). On the night of the 28th Nov, was on duty in the Dover-road, and saw Hill come out of Sussex-place between ten and twelve o'clock—there was no one with her—between one and two I saw Collins come out of Sussex-place with a bundle under her shawl—I saw M'Donald that night, at a little before twelve, in the Dover road, about forty yards from Sussex-pi ace.





GEORGE PURKISS
 (policeman, M 84). On 28th Nov., at half-past twelve at night, I saw Plummer at the corner of Lower Bland-street—I asked her what she was doing there—she said she had sent some one, I cannot say whether she said a bloak or not—I know her to live at 2, Sussex-place.

Plummer. Q. How have you known it? A. By seeing you go up and I down there frequently.





GEORGE MARSHALL
. I am shopman to Mr. Brill, of 168, High-street, Borough. On 29th Nov., between eight and ten in the morning, M'Donald, Hill, and Plummer, came into our shop together—they purchased two gowns, two shawls, and a pair of boots, all new—M 'Donald talked with them, and seemed intimate with them.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Had you anybody in before they came? A. I do not recollect—we had a good many in the course of the day—I had seen Plummer before—I do not recollect seeing the others before—the next time I saw M'Donald was at the station, where I was fetched by Sergeant Goff—I was told the parties were in custody for a robbery—I was to appear against them—I saw them all together—the purchase amounted to 1l. 9s. 9d.—I was to identify the persons who purchased the things—then these five persons were pointed out—I know four of them, two of the women and the two men.

Plummer. Q. You say you have known me? A. Yes; I never heard of your being taken up.





JOHN CLARK
. I live in Starr-street, Westminster-road, and am a smith. On 29th Nov. I was at the Cooper's Arms, Tothill-street—I saw Hill M'Donald, and Stevens, about ten in the morning, and another woman, bat neither of the prisoners—M'Donald told me that they had had a touch of 24l., a watch, a chain, and a slum—after that Plummer came and joined the other women—they were all together at last.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. What were you doing? A. Standing outside the Cooper's Arms, waiting to see the prisoners come out of the Tower-street station-house—I had no work that day—I work in the Old Kent-road, but at times I wait there in the parlour of the public-house—I had never seen either of the prisoners before that I know of—the way it I began was this; the two men came up to me and asked if I could tell them the Cooper's Arms—I said "Yes"—they went into the tap-room and called for a pint of half-and-half—they had been there half an hour, when Hill and another woman came and called them out—they came to the bar and had a quartern of gin, and they all four went away together—afterwards Hill and the other woman came and had some gin, and went out again, and some time afterwards I was going up the street, I met the same two women—they asked me if I would have anything to drink—I said I did not mind if I did—we then met M'Donald, and went up to the Tower public-house, and there be stated that he had spent 12l. since the night before, and he did not care how soon he spent the remainder, for he did not know where he should be the next day—I said, "Don't you?"—he said, "No, we touched 24l., a watch, a chain, and a slum"—I went then and told the police—when the prisoners were taken I walked to the station with them.


Hill. Q. Where did you meet me on the 29th? A. When you and the other woman came into the public-house and fetched the two men out—after you took the gin you went home with it—as I walked by their side Plummer gave me a sovereign, because she could not swallow it—Stevens and Plummer said they were going to Maidstone, and the others were going to Peckham.

Plummer. Q. Did you not say that two of us said we were going to Guildford? A. I might make that mistake, but I have spoken the truth—I said nothing to you.





JOSEPH DAVIS
. I am a shoemaker, and live in Providence-row, Walworth. On 1st Dec. Collins came to sleep at my house—(I knew her sister before)—she had a gold watch, a gold chain and seal, and a mourning-ring—I afterwards questioned her how she became possessed of them—she said she got them from a gentleman—she said a young woman took a gentleman home, and they had a pint of gin; that the gentleman took five glasses, and the last glass was mixed up with snuff, and a young man with her had turned him up—she left my house, as I did not wish her to be there with stolen money—she had money about her, which she said was a portion of the money which was shared amongst the parties there, and then they left the house—the mourning-ring had initials engraved inside—I gave information next morning.

MR. STONE
re-examined. That description corresponds with the ring I lost,

MR. WOOLLETT
to
JOSEPH DAVIS. Q. You knew Collins? A. Not herself—her sister brought her to me—I have known her sister three or four months; she did not live with me—I knew her promiscuously, as I might any other female—Collins came to sleep there, and she made this confession to me—she told me this by my being acquainted with her sister—she told me she took this watch and chain, and ring from a gentleman; she did not say where—I went before the Magistrate last Thursday—Collins was then in custody, she was taken on the Wednesday before—I laid the information before Sergeant Goff, and he had the conducting of this case—Collins was taken on my information, and I appeared the following day—I had made known the case to another policeman early in the morning, after Collins left my house—I lost sight of her from that time.





EMMA WELLBR
. I am single, and live at 31, Lower Bland-street I let the house, 2, Sussex-place, for Mr. Good, to Julia Collins, but I did not know her name then—on 28th Nov. she was the tenant—she left it from the time of the robbery.

Cross-examined by
MR. WOOLLRTT. Q. How do you know it was her if you did not know her name? A. She and another person came to the house.





CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
 (police-sergeant. L 8). On the morning of 29th Nov. I saw M'Donald, Hill, and, I believe, Plummer, in Tower-street—I watched them up the street, and between one and two o'clock I saw all the prisoners, except Collins, in company with two others—I followed them some distance—M'Donald left them, I handed him to an officer, and followed the other three, and took them—I asked Stevens who the young man was he had just left—he said he had left no young man—I took him to the station, and asked him what money he had got—he said, "None"—I put my hand into his pocket, and found three sovereigns and 4s.—he said, "That is my own; it is my hard earnings"—on 12th Dec. I took Collins; I found a key on her, which fitted the house, 2, Sussex-place.





MARY ANN WOOD
. I am searcher at the station. I searched Hill and Plummer, and found on them 1l. 6s., a key, and a duplicate—they had new clothes on.


Witnesses for M'Donald's Defence.






CATHARINE M'DONALD
. I live at 6, Dix's-buildings, George-street, Borough, below the Bricklayers' Arms. I am M'Donald's mother—I recollect Wednesday, 28th Nov.—my son was taken into custody on the Thursday—on the Wednesday night he came home about a quarter or half. past eleven o'clock; he then had his supper, and went to bed; I am certain he went to bed; he put off his clothes in my kitchen—he took the candle and called me to take the light—I took up his coat, and put it on the bed—he left his shoes, and could not find them, for I put them in a cupboard till I came down next morning—at half-past six the next morning a person came with a double knock at the door, and asked if my son was at home—I said "Yes," asked him in, and called my son—I saw the party, and heard the voice—I cannot say whether I have heard the voice since—I could not swear whether any of the parties at the bar look like that party—I asked my son if he should be in to breakfast—he said he would—I came down and gave him his shoes, and he took his coat and handkerchief, and went out—it was not light enough for me to distinguish the party who came for him—my son had a situation in the Bricklayers' Arms—he has been usually employed there.

COURT. Q. Did your husband see your son that night? A. He was gone to bed, but he heard his voice; he asked what time it was—I said about half-past eleven o'clock—nobody saw my son that night but me and a little boy, seven or eight years old—my son slept in the parlour down-stain—I slept up-stairs over him—I did not go out after he came in—the door was never unbolted—he had bread and butter for supper—I think my husband saw him next morning, but I really forget—I think he asked him if he would be in to his breakfast.





JOHN M'DONALD
. I am the husband of the last witness. I went to bed about ten o'clock on 28th Nov.—I heard my son come home that night, but I did not see him; I heard his voice—I cannot judge what time it was—I was in bed.

Plummet's Defence. Would the gentleman suffer me and this female to drag him into the house, and not call out? the other persons said they never saw me in the house before that; the last three months I was laid up in Guy's Hospital; the clothes I have on have been given me by different persons; I am innocent of the crime I am charged with.

Hill put in a written defence, declaring her innocence, and that she was mistaken for some other party; that on the night of the robbery she went out about half-past ten, having been out all day ironing, and did not lean home till after seven next morning; that the money found on her belonged to herself, and the duplicate of the shawl to her mother; and that her meeting with Plummer was purely accidental.

(Eliza Lake and Eleanor Carey gave Hill a good character, and William Mason, of Swan-street,—ware-road, and Francis Kelly, gave M'Donald a good character.)





HENRY BARRY
 (policeman, A 455). I produce a certificate of Plommer's conviction—(read—Convicted Sept., 1843, and confined three months)—she is the person.

STEVENS—


NOT GUILTY
.

COLLINS—


GUILTY
.† 


Transported for Ten Years.


M'DONALD—


GUILTY
.† Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.


PLUMMER—


GUILTY
.†Aged 22.—


Transported for Fifteen Years
,

HILL—


GUILTY
.† Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.


ADJOURNED TO MONDAY, JANUARY 7TH, 1850.
