



308. 




PETER HUGHES
 was indicted

for a misdemeanor.






CHARLES M'CARTHY
. I live in Worcester-street, Southwark. On the 30th of Sept. the prisoner came and told me he was come from Ireland; and that his name was the Rev. Mr. Kavanagh—he asked me for money for building a chapel at Ballycanoe, in the county of Wexford—I told him we had a great many impostors coming from Ireland, I hoped he was not one—he said, "I hope you don't accuse me of being one; I am Catholic priest of Ballycanoe"—believing him to be the priest of Ballycanoe, and that he came from Ireland, I gave him half-a-sovereign, which he entered in his book—he had a man with him—who he said was a guide to show him about—I have since found out that he came from Liverpool.


Prisoner. Q. Did you ever see a letter from me to the Rev. Mr. Kavanagh? A. I did—I did not read it—I know there was something said about your having collected some money, and would transmit it to the Bishop—you entered the money at the door—I took you to my nephew, and to several other persons.





MICHAEL DILLON FITZGERALD
. I live in High-street, Bloomsbury. The prisoner came to me, and said he was a Catholic priest of Ballycanoe, the Rev. Mr. Kavanagh, and he was building a chapel at Ballycanoe—I believed him—he called again, and I gave him 5s.—he wrote it down in a book—I am sure he represented himself as the Rev. Mr. Kavanagh.





BENJAMIN GEORGE HODGES
. I am a distiller. On the 15th of October the prisoner came to me—his name was sent up to me as the Rev. Mr. Kavanagh—I went down, and said, "I cannot speak to you now, you must call another day"—he did come, and represented himself as the Rev. Mr. Kavanagh, from Ireland; and that he was making a collection for a Catholic chapel—I gave him this piece of paper, and he wrote, "Ballycanoe, sixteen miles from Wexford," and signed his name, "Henry Kavanagh"—I gave him a half-sovereign—I asked him several questions, where his credentials were—he said ho had none, as his funds were exhausted; he had no credentials from the Catholic Bishop of London, or from the Bishop of Birmingham, where he had been.





REV. EDWARD KAVANAGH
. I am a Roman Catholic clergyman, and am priest of the parish of Ballycanoe. The prisoner has nothing to do with that place that I am aware of—he was not building a chapel—I nave not authorized him to collect any subscriptions—I have not received any money from him.

Prisoner. I Wrote to you, saying I understood you were about building a chapel, and I would be a very great instrument in collecting subscriptions? Witness. I recollect there was such a letter, but I treated it as a very doubtful one—I have seen a letter from the Bishop since I came to London—both the Bishop and I were convinced that you did not collect for the purpose of building a chapel—I have heard that you lived in my parish—your father lived there—I was not aware that you were going over on your father's affairs.

COURT. Q. What is the prisoner's name? A. Peter Hughes—I have a chapel of my own in progress of being built—I have Dot authorized him to collect subscriptions for it, nor to call himself the Rev. Mr. Kavanagh.

Prisoner's Defence. I have been ail my life assisting to build chapels; and hearing of this chapel, I wrote to Mr. Kavanagh, saying I would assist in it; he did not reply; I wrote to the Bishop. I commenced collecting for the Ballycanoe chapel. I told the Magistrate I had not spent one farthing, and what I collected I would hand over to the Rev. Mr. Kavanagh, I will give up the money at any time.




GUILTY
. Aged 45.—


Transported for Seven Years.

