



2301. 




JOSEPH BEALBY
 was again indicted

 for embezzlement.


MESSRS. PRENDERGAST
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS WELCH
. I am warehouseman to the firm of Welch and Co. On the 20th of last April, I paid the prisoner 1l.; 10s. for his masters—on the 20th of July I paid him the further sum of 1l.; 10s., and took his receipt in each case.





GEORGE JOSEPH COCKERELL
. I am in partnership with Richard Cundell. The prisoner was in our employ as collecting clerk, and was authorized to receive this money. On the 20th of April he did not pay me 1l. 10s. on Welch and Co.'s account—I ought to have received it on that day—it would have been paid to me if he had paid it at all—I have the account here of what he paid—on the 20th of July he did not pay me 1l. 10s. from Welch and Margetson—Plinsall was no longer able to receive that money, he had left us in March, and there is no entry in the book of either of these sums—there are other entries—I have, since I made this discovery, spoken to the prisoner on this subject—these sums in particular were not mentioned to him, but they were with others—we asked him what he had done with the money—he could give us no account—he said he had muddled it away—that was the only phrase I could get out of him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where did this conversation take

place? A. At the counting-house—he said to Mr. Waller in my presence that it was through a young man that had gone to Australia, and he had the greater part of the money—my partner was present at the time the prisoner said he had muddled the money away—my partner is not here—I expressed my suspicion that Plinsall had participated with the prisoner in his enormous deficiency—the prisoner was employed in endeavouring to make out the state of the deficiency from the 30th of July till the 15th of Aug., the day he was taken—he was then by himself, making out the accounts—he never tried to make his escape—I did not give him to understand that if he made out the account in the best way he could I would not prosecute him—I requested him to make out the account, and let us know the worst—I said, "Take the ledger, and a slip of paper, and let us know the amount you have embezzled," and after he had been from July until August making out the account, the case getting worse and worse, I gave him into custody—there was another person, named John Moore, whom I suspected, and who has absconded.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. What was the amount of the deficiency? A. Nearly 1,000l.;—the prisoner admits 818l.;

COURT. Q. About what time did he say that he had muddled it away? A. About the 30th of July.





CHARLES WALLER
 (City police-inspector.) I apprehended the prisoner—Mr. Cockerell said, "I am deficient about 800l.; it may be more"—the prisoner was crying, and said he was sorry—Mr. Cockerell put a printed bill into my hand, and said, had I seen any of these to apprehend Moore—I said, "Yes"—the prisoner said, Moore had nothing to do with it, that he was led away by a man who had gone to Australia—he said he had made a dupe of him, and had the principal part of the money, but Moore had none.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you not understand that it was Plinsall he alluded to? A. I did not hear any name mentioned—I understand so now.

MR. COCKERELL
re-examined. Plinsall left us to go to Australia first, but I believe he has gone since to Toronto.
(Henry Adland, cheesemonger, Holborn-hill; William James Bland, teadealer, Nelson-square; James Hedges, bootmaker, Drury-lane; Mary Ann Rudduck, wife of a schoolmaster, Holland-street, Blackfriars; William Charles James, upholsterer, Newington-causeway; Thomas Cotswold, bricklayer, St. John's-place, Holland-street; James Barrett, George-street, Blackfriars-road; Wiliam Rudduck, schoolmaster, Holland-street; and the Rev. James Sherman, minister of Surrey Chapel, Blackfriars-road, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
