




1275. 




MARY WALKER
 and 




JOHN WALKER



, stealing 1 sovereign, 4 half-crowns, 4 shillings, and 8 sixpences; the moneys of 



James Winter; John Walker having been before convicted.


MR. COOPER
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES WINTER
. I am a tobacconist, of 60, Leman-street, White chapel. On the morning of 25th May, between twelve and two o'clock, I was in Whitechapel, on my way home—I met the female prisoner, and went with her to a down-stairs back-room, at Keat-street, Spitalfields—I paid her 6s., which I took from my left waistcoat-pocket, and left 1l. 18s. there—I put my clothes on the chair, and asked whether she was going to bed—I heard half-a-crown drop—there was then a knock at the door; she immediately; opened it, and the male prisoner came in, put his knuckles under my collar, and with an oath asked what I wanted there—I said, "I came to sleep"—he said, "If you do not go out I will knock your b----brains out"—I had seen to my waistcoat before he came in, and found nothing in it—I slipped my trowsers on, and ran into the yard after the woman, but lost her—I then returned to get my other clothes—the male prisoner was still there, and remained in the room while I was putting my clothes on, and threatened, if I made the least resistance, that he would knock my brains out—he kept hindering me, pushing me back in the chair, and keeping me as long as he could—I was about five or ten minutes altogether—it was just getting light, and I could see him distinctly—I left the house, met a policeman, and afterwards saw the woman; she ran away, I pursued, and gave her in charge—I gave a description of the man to the policeman, and he was afterwards taken—I swear the prisoners are the persons—when I went in, I had a concert bill in my pocket, I have since seen it in the hands of the police.





PATRICK BANON
 (policeman, H 51). I was called by Winter—I afterwards took the female prisoner in Whitechapel, and took from her a key—I went to a house in Keat-street, and unlocked the door with it, and on the table, in the back-room, found this bill (produced)—I took the man about three-quarters of an hour afterwards, within two doors of the lodging.





THOMAS KELLY
 (policeman, H 2) I produce a certificate of John Walker's

conviction—(read—Convicted Aug. 1847, confined three months)—I was present; he is the person.

MARY WALKER—


GUILTY [Recommended to mercy: see original trial image.]
.—Aged 24.—



Confined Six Months.—Recommended to mercy,

JOHN WALKER—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

