



2272. 




EDWARD GURNEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of July, 1 half-crown, the money of 



Samuel Scrivener.






MARY SPINKS
. I am bar-maid at the Phoenix public-house, in Norton Falgate, kept by Mr. Samuel Scrivener. On the morning of the 14th of July I was in the bar-parlour—I had only left the bar a few minutes—I

left no one in it—the till was then shut close, and there were four sixpences and a half-crown in it—I had seen it safe about three minutes before—I heard Smith, the policeman, call out—I went to the bar, and saw he had the prisoner in custody—the till was open, and the half-crown which had been in it was gone.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNK. Q. When you came out of the bar-parlour, what was Smith doing with the prisoner? A. The prisoner called for half a pint of beer, and Smith took hold of him directly—I afterwards saw a half-crown in the policeman's possession—I never saw it in the prisoner's possession.





JOHN SMITH
. I am a policeman. On the 14th of July I went to the door of the prosecutor's house, and saw the prisoner leaning over the counter, with his hand in the till—I saw him take a half-crown from the till and put it into his mouth—he leaped from the counter, and was coming out, but seeing me at the door, he turned round again and said, "Half a pint of beer"—I took him into custody, and charged him with the offence—I called Spinks, who came out—I asked the prisoner for the half-crown—he denied having it—I took hold of him by the throat, and he put his hand to his mouth—he then put his hand into his pocket, and took out the half-crown, as if from his pocket, and gave it me.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you on duty at the time? A. Yes—I was looking in at that door, because the day before Mr. Scrivener had come to me and said he had had a disturbance at his house, and he desired me to give an eye to his place—I did not see the prisoner go in—I saw him put the half-crown into his mouth—I looked into his mouth, as I was afraid he had swallowed it—I did not see him take it out of his mouth.




GUILTY
.** Aged 14.—


Transported for Seven Years—Convict Ship.
