



962. 




JAMES LAWLOR
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Elizabeth Turner and another, at Lambeth about one o'clock in the night of the 
8th of March, with intent to steal.






ELIZABETH TURNER
. I am in partnership with my sister Frances, and live at No. 7, Smith's-place, Kennington—we carry on the business of linen-drapers—we have the house on lease—we sleep there—it is in the parish of Lambeth. On Sunday the 8th of March I went to bed about eleven o'clock—my sister slept in the same room with me—we were the last persons up—the servant went to bed just before us—I left the house safe, the windows and all the doors fast—I was awoke between one and two by a screaming, and soon after I heard a cab drive down—some one spoke to somebody, and they replied, and directly after the cab had passed on I heard a window thrown up, and directly polled down again—I was not aware at that moment whether it was in our house or not—I listened for some time, and heard a noise in the drawing-room, directly under my bed-room—I then got out, and walked round to the bed-room door, and listened—I again heard a noise as if somebody was picking a lock, and I was quite sure it was the drawing-room door—I aroused my sister, threw open the window, and called, "Police"—there were no policemen on the beat—I called to the cabmen, who said there were no police, and the cabmen came down immediately from their rank, and they went off for the constable, who came, and got in at the drawing-room window—I saw him do so—I was looking out of window—it was shut down before the policeman got through—he pushed it up, and it opened directly—I had tried the drawing-room door when I went up to bed at night, and I found it right; and when I came down I found it locked, with the key outside—I unlocked it, and turned the key two or three times before I could do so—when I unlocked the door and went in, I found the prisoner in custody in the drawing-room, with the two policemen—my next door neighbour is a butcher, and has a sort of shop or pent-house over the shop—that would enable anybody to get in at my drawing-room window—the scream appeared on the common, and the policemen were called off for that—so the cabmen told me.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did I understand you rightly that you tried the door when you went up to bed? A. Yes—I had not been in the drawing-room all the Sunday evening—the top of my shop window projects from the house.





JAMES STEER
 (police-constable L 41.) On this Monday morning, in consequence of what some cabmen told me, I went to the last witness's house—I got on the butcher's shop which is next door, and by that means got access to the drawing-room window, which I opened and entered—I found the window down and the blind down likewise—I got into the drawing-room and there I found the prisoner, standing on the sideboard by the chimney—he stood concealed, so that we could not see him the first time of looking as there is a nook—the chimney projects—I asked him what he was doing there, and he said he had come for a night's lodging—I looked at the lock of the door—it was partly forced off—Mrs. Turner afterwards unlocked it from the outside and came in—when I got the prisoner to the station I found on him a few silent lucifer matches.





ELIZA TURNER

re-examined. I believe the drawing-room lock was perfect—I saw it after the policeman took the prisoner into custody—when

I tried to open it I could not open it without turning it several times—it seemed to have been injured.





JOHN FENN
 (police-constable L 154.) I got up to the house as the prisoner was being brought out in custody—I went into the drawing-room and searched, and found in the chimney this dark lantern and this screwdriver, some paste, and some brown paper—when the paste is spread on brown paper and put on the window, you may crack the glass and it will fall without making any noise—I took those things to the station—the lantern had the appearance of having been lighted—it was black at the snuff—I produced the things at the station, and the inspector asked me, "Where did you get these from?"—the prisoner said, "I found them"—he seemed to think the inspector spoke to him.





JANE STRATFORD
. I am servant to Mrs. Turner. On the Sunday evening, about six o'clock, I was in the drawing-room the windows were closed down at that time—I locked the door and left the key outside—I know nothing of this paste, screw-driver, or dark lantern.

Cross-examined. Q. You did not go into the drawing-room after six o'clock? A. No—there are no shutters—the blinds were drawn down quite close—I know the window was quite down, but I cannot recollect looking at the hasp to see whether it was fastened or not.

COURT. Q. Did you go into the room to see whether it was all shut? A. Yes, I went to see that the windows were down close, but I cannot recollect looking at the hasp—I drew down the blinds—I had never seen the prisoner before.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Edward Bullock, Esq.

