




3071. 




GEORGE RICHARDS, alias
 Ritchie

, and 



WILLIAM CHRISTIE
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
6th of Oct., at 


St. Marylebone, 12 forks, value 8l.; and 12 spoons, 12l.; the goods of 



Thomas Todd Mardon, the master of Christie, in his dwelling-house; and that Richards had been before convicted of felony.



MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY BROOK
. I am footman, in the service of Mr. Thomas Todd Mardon, of Wirapole-street, Cavendish-square—Christie has been butler then for ten years—he had the care of the plate—it had been put away for some time—in August last it was taken out, counted, found right, and given again into the care of Christie—he had the key of the boxes—Richards has been in the habit of coming to my master's, to see Christie, and came sometimes when we had parties, with my master's knowledge. On the 6th of Oct., about half-past eleven, or a quarter to twelve o'clock in the day, as I went out on an errand, I passed the butler's pantry—Richards and Christie were in it—in about a quarter of an hour I returned, and met Richards at the corner of Wimpole-street, coming in a direction from the house—I went in, and saw Christie there—he went out soon after, and did not return any more—the next day a policeman came—the plate chest was opened, and a dozen table-spoons, and two dozen table-forks, were missed from it—in looking about afterwards, I found some duplicates—I gave them to the policeman—these are my master's spoons and forks, and have the family crest on them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You have been some time in the service? A. Eighteen months—I never took anything out of pawn daring that time—I had forgotten, I did take a pair of my master's boots out—I did not give them to Richards—he did not tend me for them—that was between three and four months ago—the butler said it was my duty to go.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Was your master in the habit during the summer-time of going to the sea-side? A. He did not this year—he did last, and during that time the whole of the plate was left in Christie's care—it is worth a great deal.





JOHN BOOKER
. I manage the business of Mr. Neal, a pawnbroker, in Duke-street, Manchester-square. On the 6th of Oct. Richards came to the shop, a little after twelve o'clock—he brought twelve table-spoons and twelve forks, and wanted to pledge them for 16l.—I questioned him—he said they were his own, and his own crest was on them—after that he said it was his father's crest—I looked at it, and said I should go with him—we went out together—he said he lived in Queen-street—when we came out, he went towards Manchester-square—he did not go by a direct road—he took me to a public-house, and wanted me to go into the parlour—I declined it—at last we got to High-street, Marylebone, and then to Wimpole-street—we met a person coming up the prosecutor's area steps—he asked some questions, and then we went on to the end of the street, and saw a policeman, who took him.





JOSEPH NIFTON
 (police-constable D 118.) I was in Mr. Neal's shop this day—I followed Booker and the prisoner when they came out—after following them up and down the streets, I took Richards, and took him to the station—I went to Mr. Mardon's house in Wimpole-street next day—the box was opened, and this plate was missing.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did you search Richards? A. Yes—I found on him a little money.





JOHN STANLEY
 (police-constable D 48.) I was at Marylebone police station when Christie came there, on Wednesday, the 25th of October—he said, "My name is Christie"—I said, "You come from Wimpole-street?"—he said, "Yes, my attorney will be here at one o'clock"—he said, "I come to surrender myself for the concern in Wimpole-street."





JAMES FELL
. I am clerk at the police court. I was present when Christie was examined—he made a statement, which was read over to him—this is it—( read)—"I wish to speak the truth: I have lived at Mr. Mardon's the last ten years, and found him a very good, kind matter—up to last August I

always conducted myself in a proper way, and never thought of doing anything wrong, until last August, when I engaged George Richards to assist me in cleaning the furniture; while up stairs with him, I was called by the housemaid to show me that the wardrobe doors had burst open; I then looked into it, and saw a small portmanteau and a bunch of keys; I unfortunately opened it, before the housemaid and Richards; after that I shut the wardrobe, and went down to clean the furniture, and while with Richards, cleaning the furniture, we commenced talking to each other; but previous to that, I told him I was in arrears of rent, and several other little bills, and he told me I need not be in want for no money, for he would go and pledge these things for me; so, in the course of two or three days after, I unfortunately let him go with part of the plate, and then, some days after that, we went with some more of it; when that plate that belonged to the portmanteau was pledged, I began to feel very uncomfortable and uneasy in my own mind, and I told Richards so; then he advised me take some of the plate that was under my care, to take out what belonged to the portmanteau, and I did so, with the intent of taking them out again; I have given myself up, with the expectation of Mr. Mardon and the Court showing me mercy."
(Christie received a good character.)





CHARLES FOX
. I produce a certificate of Richards's former conviction which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person—I was not present at his trial—I was in Court when sentence was passed against him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Was he sentenced by himself or with others? A. With ten or a dozen others—it was for a robbery at the Travellers' Club, in which service I was—I think the late Recorder sentenced him—I saw him going from the bar, and he shook his head at me.

CHRISTIE—



GUILTY.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.







Confined One Year.


RICHARDS—


GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Ten Years.

