



695. 




JOHN STAFFORD
 was indicted

for stealing 1 box, value 2s. 6d.; and 20lbs. weight of snuff, 5l.; the goods of 



Richard Smith, and others: and that he had been before convicted of felony.






SAMUEL LYNN
. I am porter to Mr. Robert Smith, and two others, of Red Cross-street, Cripplegate, tobacconists. On the 21st of Feb. I was

drawing my truck in Basinghall-street, with three boxes of tobacco, and one of snuff, in it, which were my master's—I felt a jerk at the truck—I turned, and saw the prisoner with the box of snuff in his arms, which had been on my truck—I collared him—he said he had taken it from a little boy who had taken it from the truck—there was nobody passing at the time—he was close alongside of my truck—I gave him into custody.

Prisoner. I said, "Here is your property, which a boy took from the truck; "there was a chaise-cart going along; I asked you to run after it, and ask who took it.

Witness. You asked me to run, but I was not going to lose you after I collared you; you put it down after I had got hold of you.





WILLIAM HOWARD
. I am clerk to Mr. Robert Smith, and others. About a quarter past six o'clock that evening, I was coming up Basinghall-street—I saw our porter collar the prisoner—I ran up, and saw the prisoner make a movement to return the property—I did not see any boy there—the prisoner said, "If you run down there, you will see a little boy running"—I said, "I am afraid not, I came that way, and I saw not a soul."





SAMUEL LYNN

re-examined. Q. How long was it after you felt the jerk at the truck, that you saw the box in the prisoner's hand? A. Instantly—there was not time for a little boy to take it, and for him to take it from him—this is the box—it is 221bs. weight.





ARTHUR THOMAS KILBY
 (City police-constable, No. 210.) I produce certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read, Convicted 21th Nov., 1843, and confined one year)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

