



1921. 




WILLIAM TAYLOR
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 purse, value 6d, 1 sovereign, and 1 sixpence, the property of 



Stephen Wightman, from the person of 



Louisa Wightman.


GEORGE FRANCIS BOOTH. I am a coppersmith, and live in Church-street, Greenwich. Between three and four last Thursday afternoon, I was going from Gracechurch-street towards Fish-street-hill—I saw the prisoner take Mrs. Wightman's dress up, and put his hand into her pocket—I went up to her and asked if she had lost anything—she said, no—the prisoner was then walking before her—he made rather a start and walked pretty fast till he got to the corner, he then made a run—I hallooed "Stop thief!"and the police, man caught him—I saw him take the purse out of Mrs. Wightman's pocket, and he dropped it when we detained him.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. How far were you from Mn. Wightman at the time? A. I might be ten or twenty yards—I was on the same side of the street—there were a great many persons between me and the prisoner—I am certain I saw him at the pocket—he had passed the lady when I came up, but he had not passed my sight—he got out of Gracechurcb—stoet into Fenchurch—street before he was taken, but I did not lose sight of him—he might have got twenty or thirty yards up Fenchurch-street-there were a number of persons running after him when I called "Stop thief—I was touching his arm when the purse fell—I saw him draw it out of his pocket and put it behind him.





JAMES BROWN
. I am a cigar—maker, and live in Whitechapel. I saw the prisoner on the 24th of Sept. in Fenchurch-street—he was standing by the church at the corner—I saw him drop this purse—I told the policeman, he instantly put his foot on it, held the prisoner off with one hand, and picked up the purse with the other.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you point the policeman's attention to it? A. A good many hallooed out, "There, he has dropped it!" I saw Booth standing close by.





LOUISA WIGHTMAN
. I am the wife of Stephen Wightman—he lives at Greenwich—last Thursday afternoon I was in Gracechurch-street—I saw the prisoner step before me as I was walking along—some one spoke to me—I felt in my pocket and missed my purse, which contained a sovereign and a sixpence—it was safe in my pocket when I left the train about ten minutes before—this is my purse, this sovereign and sixpence were in it when it was returned to me.





JOHN MACK
 (City police-constable, No. 545.) About ten minutes before four o'clock I saw the prisoner running, and several after him—I stopped him and took him back to the corner, where I met the lady—I turned my eyes off the prisoner to speak to her, and the people cried out, "There is a purse

on the ground"—at that moment I saw the purse and took it up—I asked the lady what it contained, she said a sovereign and a sixpence.

Cross-examined. Q. You had the prisoner before the purse fell? A. Yes.




GUILTY
. ** Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years
,
