





1791. 




GEORGE COOPER,



 JOHN COPPIN
, and 




JOHN KING



, feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Moore Bryant, and stealing 37 leather fronts for shoes, and other articles, value 5l. 16s., 4 pence, and 32 halfpence; his property: to which


COOPER pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 27.




Transported for Ten Years.


COPPIN pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 30.





THOMAS HARDWICK
 (police-sergeant, D 7). On Wednesday night, 12th Sept., I was in Silver-street, Westminster—I heard King say to Cooper," I don't think it will do to-night, wait a bit"—he then went into his brother's public-house, which is next door but one to the house that was broken into—Cooper then went to Coppin, who was sitting on a stone at the corner of the Mews—King then came out of the public-house, and joined them—Cooper and Coppin then walked by Mr. Bryant's house, and looked at the shutters

and the door—they then walked back to the Mews, and came in company with King again—King then went into the public-house, and Cooper and Coppin went down Golden-square, and one of them said, "We must cut it to-night"—they then went back to the public-house—Cooper went in and lighted his pipe, and they went on to Drury-lane—on the next night I was with Gray in Silver-street, to watch—I saw Cooper and Coppin there, and King came out of the public-house and joined them, and spoke to them at least a dozen times, between nine and ten o'clock—Cooper and Coppin went by Mr. Bryant's, and so did King—on Friday night I was on the watch again—I saw Cooper and Coppin together, and King came out of the publie-house and joined them—King went into Mr. Bryant's shop, and I saw him in conversation with Bryant—King came out and joined Cooper and Coppin again—on Saturday night I was there again, with Gray—I saw Cooper and Coppin, and King came backwards and forwards to speak to them, as he had done before—King walked by Mr. Bryant's shop by himself, and turned back, and then Cooper did so; and that was continued from time to time till the shop was shut—Cooper watched the house after the shop was shut, and looked over the door to see that the light was out—on Sunday night I went again, and saw Cooper and Coppin near the same spot, and King came out of the public-house, and spoke to them several times; and about seven o'clock, or a little after, Cooper went into the private door of Mr. Bryant's—Coppin was then at one corner of the Mews, and King at the other—they were watching—in about twenty minutes after, I saw Coppin go into Mr. Bryant's—after that I saw Cooper and Coppin come out of the same door that they went in at—each of them had a bundle, and they were seized with this property on them—these goods had been in the shop—they went in at the private door, and got into the yard—they broke the frame of the sash, and got into the back parlour, and from there to the shop—I then went and took King in the parlour of his brother's public-house, the Coach and Horses.

King. You stated that you heard me say, "It is no go to-night," and now you say that I said, "I don't think it will do to-night. Witness. You used those very words, which attracted my attention—I passed by when I heard this conversation—I was about three yards and a half from you—there were other persons there, but not in conversation with these men, as you were: neither were they breakfasting with them in Drury-lane on Thursday morning, as you did.





JOHN GRAY
 (policeman, C 310). I was in company with Hardwick on those four nights—I saw King frequently in conversation with the other two prisoners—King was in sight when Cooper and Coppin went into Mr. Bryant's house—this is the property found on Cooper and Coppin (producing it).





THOMAS MOORE BRYANT
. I live at 22, Silver-street—it is my dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. James, Westminster—it is next door but one to the public-house—King was frequently in my shop—it is more than probable he was there on the days that have been mentioned, but I do not remember it—this is my property.

King. Q. Did I not breakfast with you on the Thursday morning? A. Yes, you did, about eight o'clock—I cannot tell whether you were in my house after eleven that morning—I do not consider it anything particular in you to stand outside the public-house door—you were always at your brother's house—I have frequently seen persons standing round the gate in conversation.





WILLIAM GODFREY
 (policeman, C 147). I saw Cooper enter Mr. Bryant's

house on Sunday night, and Coppin followed him in twenty or twenty-five minutes—I saw King come out of his brother's house repeatedly, and he looked towards Mr. Bryant's house—I took Coppin with the bundle under his coat—I found in it these boot-fronts and half boot-fronts, a gimlet, a knife, and a pair of scissors.

COURT. Q. Was King's conduct that of a man whose attention was directed towards Mr. Bryant's house? A. Decidedly—he was regarding the house as if watching it.

King. Q. What time were you there? A. About five o'clock—I saw Cooper and Coppin there about seven—I saw you at the door before seven—I do not know whether 1 saw you there at six o'clock—I saw you several times—I had seen you before this transaction—I do not think I was ever in the public-house before.

COURT
to
THOMAS HARDWICK. Q.
YOU said that King breakfasted with the others on Thursday morning, in Drury-lane? A, Yes—I followed them on Thursday morning about nine, or from nine to ten o'clock—they were in company, and I expect they breakfasted—they had been in a public-house—I inquired of a party there if he had seen them—he said, yes, that he knew them living together, and they had breakfasted there—that is all I know, but I saw them together in Drury-lane myself—they lodged in Short's Gardens—King acknowledged himself that all he knew of the others was by lodging with them, and that he had spoken to them on those nights.

King. That public-house was my home then, being out of a situation. Witness. His brother told me that he gave him 6d. or 1s. at night for going to clean the windows and do what he could, but he did not sleep there.

JURY
to T. M. BRYANT. Q. When did King leave you that Thursday morning? A. I cannot recollect—I breakfasted about eight o'clock—I should think he staid till between eight and nine—he might have left my house a quarter before nine.

King's Defence. On Wednesday evening my brother sent me to Gray's-inn-road, about half-past eight o'clock; I returned and saw Cooper and Coppin, and Cooper said, "I am glad you have come, for I have no tobacco;" I went in and brought them some; I saw them there on Saturday night and on Sunday night; I had seen them for a week before; I never was locked up in my life.

KING—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—



Transported for Ten Years.

(The Court awarded two sovereigns to Hardwick, and one sovereign each to the other officers.)
