



2633. 




FREDERICK MARTIN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of August, 1 hat, value 8s.; 1 pair of breeches, value 17s.; 1 pair of gaiters, value 3s.; and 1 pair of shoes, value 11s., the goods of 



Thomas Watts; 1 brush, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 



James Goldsmith; and 1 handkerchief, value 2s. the goods of 



Aaron Davies.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS WATTS
. I am servant to the Duke of Beaufort, and live at his stables in Apple Tree-yard, St. James's. I went out of town in August, and left behind me a hat, a pair of breeches, a pair of gaiters, and a pair of shoes—I returned on the 24th of August—I then went to the stables, and missed my articles—I afterwards saw my hat in possession of the head borough of Brighton—this is it.

Prisoner. Q. Where did you see this hat? A. At Marlborough-street—I had sent my breeches to a tailor—he sent them to the stable, and I left them there.





JAMES GOLDSMITH
. I am in the employ of the Duke of Beaufort, at these stables. I was there on the 15th of August—the prisoner had been a helper at the stables, and he left on the 15tb of August—he gave no reason for going—after he had been gone two or three hours, I missed my brush—this is it—it is the one I lost.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not miss them on the 27th, on the Sunday evening? A. No, I did not state so.





AARON DAVIES
. I am servant at the stables. On the 15th of August the prisoner went away without giving any notice—after he was gone I missed the handkerchief produced.





HENRY PATCHIN
. I am a head borough of Brighton. I took the prisoner on the 27th of August, at a mews in Kemp-town—he had this hat on his head—I took him to the Town-hall—I then went to the Thurlow Arms, and from the landlord I got a bundle—I showed it to the prisoner, and he said it was his—in it I found this brush and this handkerchief.

Prisoner. You never asked if the property was mine; you said you
received a letter from the Duke of Beaufort's coachman respecting my
having taken property from Apple Tree-yard—I never said it was mine.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.
