



278. 




THOMAS PILLGREM
 was indicted

for feloniously forging a certain power of attorney for the transfer of 100l. in the 3 1/2 per Cent. Annuities, in the name of 



Matthew Dick, with intent to defraud 

the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.—2nd COUNT, for uttering the same.—Four other Counts, varying the manner of laying the charge.






SIR FREDERICK POLLOCK

and
MR. BULLOCK
conducted the Prosecution.





WILLIAM DRINKWATER
. I am a clerk to the New Three-and-a-half per Cent. Annuity-office, in the Bank. I produce the Bank ledger of the New Three-and-a-half—it is one of the public books of the Bank of England—it contains the names of the proprietors of the 3 1/2 per Cent. New stock, under the letter D—the particular entry did not happen to be made by me, but by a clerk in the office.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. In whose custody is the book kept? A. In the custody of the office, in a safe, of which the Accountant General has the key—they are delivered out of a morning to the different clerks—I got it this morning from the safe in the office—about fifty clerks have the power of making entries in this book—the clerk is now in the office who made this entry.

MR. BULLOCK. Q. What is the entry? A. "Matthew Dick, 1840, August 16th, 2561, by D. Gibson, 4065, 100l."—(looking at the power of attorney)—I witnessed the acting upon this—it is a power of attorney for a transfer of stock, and purports to be signed by William Pillgrem, as being the attorney, to transfer the 100l. stock—there is on the back of this power a demand to act, signed "William Pillgrem"—the entry is in the form in which it is always made—Gibson is the broker of whom Mr. Dick bought the stock—the numbers refer to folios in the transfer-book, by which means we trace the stock through different hands—the demand to act, on the back of the power, purports to be signed "William Pillgrem"—I witnessed that signature—there was a transfer made on that demand to act, at the same time, the 21st of September—here is the transfer book in which it is entered—I have attested this also—it purports to be made by William Pillgrem, as attorney—this paper is an instruction for the power of attorney

—previous to making a power of attorney, instructions are delivered—they are instructions for the power which I have in my hand.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Do you consider it necessary to have the party producing the power identified as the person in whose favour it is made? A. Certainly—that is usually done by the stock-broker, who is, ordinarily speaking, a person we know.





JAMES RAILTON
. I am a stock-broker; I carry on business at No. 56, Thread needle-street. I know the prisoner—I became acquainted with his person in July last—he came to my office—he was sent by Mr. Dick and a friend of his—he came alone—he said he came from Mr. Shed, of Manchester-square, a friend of Mr. Dick—I have been acquainted with Mr. Dick two or three years—the prisoner told me his name was William Pillgrem—I afterwards transacted some business for him as William Pillgrem—in September last he came again, and produced this note, purporting to be written by Mr. Dick—(read)—"Sir, Will you be so kind as let me have 100l. of my stock in the Long Annuities? I do not know if the funds are shut; but if they are, will you let me have it at five per cent., as I am in want of cash, and about to depart for Scotland? Will you send by bearer, and oblige Mr. Dick. Wandsworth, Sept. 17th, 1840. N.B. You shall have it as soon as I return, and oblige M. D. Mr. Railton, Stock-broker." I wrote a note to Mr. Dick in answer to that, and delivered it to the prisoner—(R. E. Tomlins, clerk to Messrs. Freshfield, Bank Solicitors, proved the service of a notice on the prisoner personally to produce the note in question.)





MATTHEW DICK
. In September last the prisoner did not bring me a letter purporting to come from Mr. Railton.





JAMES RAILTON

re-examined. The substance of the letter was, that it did not suit me to lend him 100l., and if he wanted it he must sell the stock and get it in the regular way—on the following day, the 18th September, I received this letter from the prisoner—(read)—"Sir, I am sorry to trouble you so much, but as I am so busily engaged, and not a moment to spare, I intrust the whole to Mr. Pillgrem. I do not think there would be any harm in him personating me; but if there is, I must sacrifice a little; so if you can get the power to-day, and send it by him, I can sign it before I go, as I do not start before this evening; and oblige, M. DICK."—the first note referred to 100l. Long Annuities—that stock was closed at that time—when I received the note just read, I set about preparing instructions for a power of attorney for the New 3 1/2 per Cent. stock—the instructions produced are what I prepared—on sending in the instructions for the power of attorney I got from the Bank this blank instrument, which I delivered to the prisoner—it was not then executed—I did not give him directions as to the execution of it—they are printed on it—I cannot say whether I called his attention to that—he came to me again on the following day, the 19th—it then had the name of "Matthew Dick" opposite the seal, and the names of two persons as witnesses—when the prisoner gave it to me as it now is, I looked at it, it appeared to me to be right—I told him I would leave it, and if it was passed we would transfer the stock on the Monday—I took the power of attorney to the Bank, and put it into the proper box—on the Monday morning I went to the Bank to inquire after it—it was not allowed at first—I produced those two notes as the hand-writing of Mr. Dick, and finally the power was allowed—I was there when the prisoner claimed to act on the power—I saw him put the name of William Pillgrem to the demand to

act on that power—I effected the sale of the stock as soon as the power was passed on the Monday—I sold it to Mr. Clement Smith—this is the transfer of that stock—I saw the prisoner sign the name of William Pillgrem to that transfer—I am the witness to his identity upon that—I received the money for the transfer of that stock, 97l. odd, and deducting the commission and expense of the power, I paid him over the net proceeds, 96l. 8s. 6d.

Q. During the whole of this time, from July down to the transfer of the stock, did you see Mr. Dick at all? A. I am not sure, but I rather think I did—I do not think he came to me about business—I think I did see him, but not about business—in December Mr. Dick called on me about business, and some explanation then took place, which led to this discovery—I went over to the Bank with him shortly alter—the prisoner afterwards came to me, on the 10th of December, to give me instructions for the sale of 10l. Long Annuities, in the name of Mr. Dick, and I gave him into the custody of Forrester, the officer—I did not know where he lived at that time.

Cross-examined. Q. You had not known or heard of him before? A. No—I had seen him between July and September a few times—he came to me about Mr. Dick's business three times—I am able to fix the number of times, from business transactions—I had not seen him on other matters besides business transactions, till he came to me with the note from Mr. Dick—I was not in the habit of seeing Mr. Dick between July and September—I saw him shortly after the first time I had seen the prisoner—I mentioned to him having seen Mr. Pillgrem—I did not mention what he had stated to me—I was not very well acquainted with Mr. Dick's affairs—I was not very well acquainted with him, only slightly—I acted as broker to him in August—that was the only occasion on which I acted for him on my own account—I had acted for him on somebody else's account—that would put me in possession of his affairs as well as acting on my own account—I did it for my late employer, Mr. Parsons—MR. Dick came to him and bought stock—previous to the prisoner's coming to me I pretty well knew what stock Mr. Dick possessed—MR. Dick lived at No. 3, Trafalgar-square, Charing-cross—I live at Islington—it was on the 14th or 18th of August that I acted on Mr. Dick's business—I am not certain whether or not, in the course of the business I had done for Mr. Dick, I had seen his hand-writing—I had not seen his hand-writing frequently—I will swear I had not seen it a dozen times—I may have seen it half a dozen times—I think I have seen his hand-writing, but I cannot say how often—I am certain I have seen it half a dozen times at least—I have carried on business as a stock-broker on my own account since May last—I have been eighteen years with a broker, who died in May—I am not a member of the Stock Exchange—I am not licensed at present—I was not licensed when this transaction took place—I am not aware that in acting without a license I was doing an illegal act—I was frequently on the Stock Exchange while with Mr. Parsons—I do not know that it is customary to have a license—it is optional, I believe that, on my oath—all respectable stock-brokers do not act under a license.

SIR F. POLLOCK. Q. Have you bought stock for Mr. Dick? A. Yes. I never sold any for him—a man's hand-writing does not at all times appear when he buys stock, only if he accepts the stock in the Bank-book—it is usual to accept stock—it depends on the party—the hand-writing would appear then—it would be merely a signature—I never corresponded

with Mr. Dick, so as to receive letters and notes from him—I was sufficiently acquainted with his hand-writing to say whether or not these notes were genuine—I thought they were genuine—I thought I knew enough of his hand-writing for that.





MATTHEW DICK

re-examined. I live at No. 19, Catherine-street, Pimlico—previous to the 21st of September last, I had some money in the 3 1/2 per Cent. Annuities—I never authorised the sale of it—I did not execute this power of attorney—I did not write this signature—I had no knowledge of any thing about the transaction—neither of these letters are my hand-writing—I did not authorise the writing of them—I know the prisoner—his name is Thomas Pillgrem—I know his hand-writing—the name Matthew Dick to the seal of this power, I can swear is his writing, and these two letters I believe to be his writing—I had no conversation with the prisoner about the power or these letters—I know nothing of the persons whose names appear as witnesses to this power—I never learnt from the prisoner who they were—he told me at the Mansion-house in the Magistrate's presence that he executed the whole himself—I asked him the question, and he told me.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Was that previous to the examination? A. Yes. I asked how he could take on him to sign any tradesman's name, and bring him into trouble, and asked him how he transacted it—I threatened to punish him—I do not know whether that was before or after he told me—I did not say I would have him punished if he did not tell me, nor if he told me I would not press hardly against him—nothing of the kind—two officers were in the room—whether they heard it I cannot say—I do not know whether they are here—I spoke as loud as I do now—I did not threaten him at all.

MR. BULLOCK. Q. What did he say? A. He said he executed the power himself, that he signed all the witnesses' names and my name, and nobody touched the power of attorney but himself, from the time it came from the Bank till it was done.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What are you? A. No profession at present—I told the prisoner I would be his friend if it was in my power, but it was out of my power—it was all in the hands of the Bank of England—I said I could not be his friend—he is no relation of mine—he is a connexion—I did not at any period of the conversation say that I would be his friend—I did not use the word "friend"—I would have been his friend if it had been in my power, but I did not tell him so—on my oath I did not use the term friend at all from the beginning to the end of the conversation—I did not make him any promise—I said nothing to induce him to make that communication—the conversation began by my asking how he could take it on him to bring me into such trouble—he said it was done and could not be undone, that he could not help it, and he said he was not the only one—I said it would have cost him his life a few years ago—he replied he could die but once—he is not related in any way to any portion of my family—I have known him from his infancy—I never employed him to act in matters of business of this kind—I never gave him authority to use my name—I did not tell the Magistrate of the conversation I had with the prisoner.

SIR F. POLLOCK. Q. Do you know John Turner, or Edward Thompson, the attesting witnesses? A. No.





DANIEL FORRESTER
. I am a police-officer—I took the prisoner into

custody—I have been to Wandsworth since, to inquire after John Turner, a vintner, and Edward Thompson, smith—I could not find any such persons.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you present at the conversation alluded to by Mr. Dick? A. Some part of it—I must explain—the prisoner was very anxious to talk—I cautioned him against it and said, "Whatever you say, I shall be very likely called on to give in evidence"—he said, "I had no intention to defraud Mr. Dick, I intended to have paid him in five years again with interest"—I do not think Mr. Dick was present at that conversation—he said he was going to the Argus to insure his life—he pressed very much to see Mr. Dick, and Mr. Dick came in and said, "My G—, how could you do such a thing as this?"—the prisoner asked him to forgive him—he said, "I cannot; it is out of my power—if you had told me in November how you were situated, I might have assisted you."

MR. BULLOCK. Q. Did he state what Mr. Dick has said? A. Mr. Dick was very much excited—he walked up to a desk and had some conversation with the prisoner which I did not pay attention to.





GEORGE PHILLIPS
. I am collector of rates at Wandsworth—there is no person named John Turner, a vintner, there, nor Edward Thomas, a smith.
(The power of attorney being read, purported to be attested by John Turner, vintner; and Edward Thomas, smith, Wandsworth.)




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Life.
(There were other indictments against the prisoner.)
