




253. 




GEORGE REEVES
 and 




EDWARD EDWARDS
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
28th of Nov., 1 hamper, value 2s.; 24 bottles, 6s. 6d.; and 4 gallons of wine, 3l. 8s.; the goods of 



Edward Henderson: and that Edwards had been before convicted of felony.






ROBERT BEA DEN
. I am a trowsers and breeches maker. On the 28th of Nov. I was in Compton-street between eight and nine o'clock at night—I saw a cab come in a direction from Piccadilly—it pulled at the corner of Stacey-street and Compton-street—the two prisoners got out of it—a hamper was taken from the foot-board, and Edwards assisted Reeves

to take it on his shoulder—Reeves walked down Stacey-street with it, and Edwards followed him—they rossed to Phoenix-street—I told a policeman, and we walked down, and saw Reeves had got the hamper down on the ground, and he was reaching to the top bell of No. 11, Phoenix-street—the policeman made a stop, and looked, and we walked on three or four doors further—we then turned to look at Reeves again, and he was gone—I assisted the policeman in taking the hamper to the station—I had lost sight of Edwards before I got the policeman—I knew him before, and I have not the least doubt about him or the other prisoner.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you know Reeves before that night? A. No—he had a dark frock-coat on—he had no great-coat on—he had the hamper on his shoulder, and his hat in his hand—I said at first that I did not know Reeves, but then I had not looked at him sufficiently—I had not seen him before he was put to the bar—I had had a little conversation with the policeman.

COURT. Q. Your attention was drawn to him? A. Yes.





JOHN ALLEN
 (police-constable F 126.) I was on duty in Phoenix-street on the 28th of Nov.—Beaden gave me some information, and I watched Reeves with the hamper—I am quite sure he is the person—he had the hamper down against his knees, and he was pulling the top bell of the house—I passed him, stared hard at him in the face, and in about half a moment he went off, leaving the hamper behind him—this is it—I took it to the station, and found two dozen of wine in it.

Cross-examined. Q. All you saw was a hamper on the ground, and Reeves ringing a bell? A. Yes—I did not see the hamper in his possession, but standing against his knees.





WILLIAM BARKER
. I am foreman to Mr. Edward Henderson, a wine and spirit merchant, who lives at No. 166, Piccadilly. I packed up a hamper with two dozen bottles of port wine in it, on the 28th of Nov.—I put it close by the shop-door, inside the shop—I missed it the next morning—my master puts a seal on his wine, "E. Henderson, No. 166, Piccadilly—port"—I find that seal is on these two dozen bottles—this hamper is such a one as we use, and such as I missed—that was worth about 2s., the bottles about 6s., and the wine, 3l. 8s.—we always leave hampers in the shop till they go to the cart—the access to it is by two folding-doors.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure this is port? A. I bottled it my self—here is no mark on it but my master's general seal—thousands of bottles go out marked in this way.





MARY ANN JONKS
. I live in Phoenix-street. I remember the night of the 28th of Nov.—I heard my mother's bed-room bell ring—I opened the street-door, and saw the policeman and another person passing—I closed the door—I came out just after, and saw to persons at the corner of Phoenix-street and Stacey-street—I could not swear to Reeves, but to the best of my recollection he is one of the men—he was quite in a perspiration, and had his hat off—I heard one of them say, "By G—he is at the top of the street with his hat off!"—the hamper was set down at our door—I did not know either of the prisoners before.





WILLIAM WELLESLEY MEDLYCOTT
. I am an inspector of police. This hamper was brought to the station on the 28th of Nov.—I produce it in the same state as it was left with me.





JOHN ALLEN

re-examined. I left the hamper where it was—I passed up the street, and pulled my hat off—I wiped my face, and stood under a

door-way—I was in a spot where persons standing at the corner of phoenix-street and Stacey-street, could see me—I was the person they alluded to.





HENRY SMITII
 (police-constable A 28.) I produce a certificate of Edwards's conviction by the name of "John Fellows,"which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read—Convicted on the 23rd of Oct., 7th Vict., and m. prisoned twelve months)—he is the person.

REEVES—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—



Confined One Year
.

EDWARDS—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years
.
