



81. 




CHARLES TYRRELL
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




John Rysdale, about the hour of one in the night of the 
2nd of September, at 
St. Leonard, Shoreditch, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 48 stocks, value 8l.; 5 pairs of braces, value 7s.; 1 coat, value 20s.; 1 umbrella, value 5s.; 3 tea-spoons, value 12s.; 2 boxes, value 8d.; and 96 farthings, his property.






JOHN RYSDALE
. I am a silk-stockmaker, and live Wenlock-cottages, City-road, in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch—it is my dwelling-house. On going to bed, on the night of the 2nd of September, I saw my house and clothes safe, the doors were locked, and the windows down—one of the windows which looks into the street had neither shutter or fastening—on coming down next morning, I found the house had been entered—I missed forty-eight stocks from my warehouse, which is part of the dwelling-house, also five pairs of braces, a coat, umbrella, nine silver spoons, and ninety-six farthings, from a cupboard, and two boxes from a lumber-room—the property altogether is worth at least 10l.—I found foot-marks on the cill of the warehouse window, which had no fastening—the prisoner is my brother-in-law—he had been in my service, but I had discharged him, two days before the robbery—he was aware that that window had no fastening—I am positive it was shut down.





JANE RAWLINS
. I am the prosecutor's servant. On the 3rd of September I went down stairs at six o'clock in the morning—I had heard the Church-clock strike not a minute before—I found the back-door unbolted, and a few things taken from the kitchen cupboard.





WILLIAM WEST
. I am pot-man at the Wenlock tap, Edward-street, City-road. In August and September last I was at the King William the Fourth public-house, Shepherdess-walk—the prisoner used to lodge there, and was in the habit of sleeping with me—on the night of the 2nd of September he was not at home—I saw him next morning at No. 11, Well-street, taking breakfast, and I told him there was a party after him, about getting him a situation—I saw him at my master's next night, and not again till he was in custody.





THOMAS GREEN
. I am a labourer, and live in Weymouth-street, New North-road. On the night of the 2nd of September I left the King William the Fourth public-house, in company with the prisoner, and went as far as opposite No. 13, Wenlock-cottages—he said he was going to sleep at his sister's that night, and he would see me in the morning, to pay me a little money which he owed me—I went home, leaving him on the spot—it was then past twelve o'clock—I did not see him again till he was in custody.

Prisoner. It was only eleven o'clock when we left the public-house. Witness. It was later than that—it was my duty not to leave till the house was closed.





CHARLOTTE BEASTON
. I am the wife of William Beaston, and live with my mother, who keeps the King William the Fourth, in King William-street, Strand. The prisoner came to lodge there—he said he was traveller to a wholesale stock merchant—two days after he came, he brought three spoons, and left with my mother, and a quantity of stocks—he sold some of the stocks to our customers—he said they were last year' goods, and very much tumbled, and he was selling them for his brother-in-law, in the City-road—he brought two boxes, one one day, and another the following day—he inquired for the spoons some days after, and I gave them up to him—he then asked me to purchase them—I said, if I knew the value of them I would do so—I sent our boy over to a shop opposite, to know the value, and I paid him 13s. for them—they weigh

2oz. 12 dwt. he said he became possessed of them by his father's death, that he had left him several things, which he should dispose of, as they were of no service to him, the spoons among the rest.

Prisoner. When I came to your house on the Monday night, you asked what I did—I said I had just been living with my brother-in-law who sold stocks—as for selling the stocks, I did not see them, much less sell them Witness. I did not see him sell them, but our waiter bought two—I saw from sixteen to twenty stocks in each box.





HENRY WILLIAM DUBOIS
 (police-constable N 14.) I produce the silver spoons which I received from Mrs. Beaston.





WILLIAM SHADWELL
. I am waiter at the King William the Fourth. I bought one of these stocks of the prisoner, and one I had given me.





JOHN RYSDALE

re-examined. These are my spoons—my initial is on them—these two stocks are also mine—I have others of the same pattern—they are such as I make.




GUILTY
.* Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
