




225. 




RICHARD PITTS
 and 




JOHN DAVIDSON



, stealing 1644 boxes of Lucifer matches, value 1l. 2s. the goods of 



William Falconer.






WILLIAM FALCONER.
 I am a lucifer-match maker, at Durham-place, Lambeth-road. Pitts was in my service—I dismissed him on Saturday, 23rd Oct., but told him to be back on Monday or Tuesday—Davidson had been in my service, but had left me about two months—these boxes of lucifer-matches are mine—they were in a loft up stairs at my factory, 7, Duke-street, Red Cross-street—they were all packed up in paper parcels, a dozen boxes in each—I saw them safe on Saturday 23rd, when I paid my hands, probably about four o'clock, when I left the premises—I did not miss these till my boxmaker sent me work—I had been to the premises, and seen the place appear all right—it was locked up and the lock had been taken off—I found on the Wednesday that it had been broken—but these had been taken out on Monday night—the lock had been broken, but not the door.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALF.
Q. Who told you that the place was broken open? A. Mr. Lewis, who supplies me with boxes—he lives in Grey-street, Blackfriars; he not here—I was at the place after Saturday, but had not noticed that it was broken—landlady found the lucifer matches under the prisoner's bed—the gave information, and the policeman took them—I sell a great many matches—these are of different sorts—there is only one person in London that had got the manufacture of these—the place was safe in Saturday night, and every parcel that ought to have been there was there—I

counted every parcel—Pitts counted them with me—there were 173 gro✗—I missed thirty-one gross and some more dozens—eleven gross and someothers were found under the prisoner's bed.

COURT.
Q. They were safe on Saturday, locked up, and on Wednesday you found the lock broken and they were gone? A. Yes—when I found the place was broken I got another lock, and locked it up again, and went to the station-house.

Davidson. Q. You never missed anything while I was at work for you? A. Yes, I missed a silk handkerchief the day you left—I cannot prove that you were the thief, but I suspected you—I never saw it again.





JOSEPH MIDDLETON.
 I live in Duke-street, Southwark—the prisoners lodged at my house—on Wednesday morning, 27th Oct., they came home at twenty minutes past one o'clock—they had not been at home all night—I let them in—they did not go into the room up stairs—they stopped and went out again in five or ten minutes, leaving the door open from that time till day-light—I was called up into their room about a quarter before nine, and found between eleven and twelve gross of boxes of matches, some in a white cloth, and some thrown about—I gave information to the police, and they took the matches and the prisoners.

Cross-examined. Q. How many beds were in that room? A. Five—seven persons slept in the room that night, all working-men—the others were all in bed—I know the prisoners went back after they had been in—I went into the room to call one of the men to get up at past four o'clock, and then the prisoners were out—my street door was open when I called the man up—I never knew the prisoners to be out at night before—the others are in bed from ten to eleven—no one is out afterwards, unless they tell me they are not coming in that night—these matches were done up in paper—there was a white cloth round some, and an apron round others—one was undone, the paper was broken, and they were loose about the room.

Davidson. Q. Is not the house kept open all night? A. No, I never allow my door open for anybody.





WILLIAM PINDER
 (policeman, M 278.) I took the prisoners—Mr. Middleton gave me the boxes—when I went up in the room with the prisoners they said they knew nothing about them—I took the prisoners to the station—Pitts said they were made at his mother's—Davidson said, "No, they found them in a parcel as they went up stairs to bed."





WILLIAM FALCONER

re-examined. Q. Is this the way your matches were done up? A. Yes, they were done up by Pitts and three other boys.

JURY
to
JOSEPH MIDDLETON.
Q. Did you see any parcel brought in by the prisoners when you let them in? A. No—I had a light.

PITTS—


GUILTY. Aged 19.

DAVIDSON—


GUILTY. Aged 19.





Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Common Serjeant.

