



1858. 




WILLIAM PEARSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, at 
St. Mary, Islington, 1 cash-box, value 5s.; 29 sovereigns, 4 half-crowns, 15 shillings, 10 sixpences, 2 10l. bank-notes, 2 5l. bank-notes, and an order for payment of 5l. 4s.; the property of 



Joseph Charles Jefferies, in his dwelling-house.


MR. HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH JEFFERIES
. I am the wife of Joseph Charles Jefferies, who keeps a beer-shop in Sudeley-street, Islington. There is a half door, which goes across the shop—I usually serve behind that—there is a parlour,

in which our customers go to drink—the door of the parlour is opposite the bar—I keep ray cash-box in the side-board cupboard behind the bar—on the morning of the 19th of July, I was serving behind the bar—a person came in for change for a sovereign, and I gave it him—he was a stranger to me—I gave the change out of the cash-box—he could not see what was in the cash-box—he could only see me take it and place it on the top of the cupboard—in about a minute another person came in, who was a stranger, and went into the parlour—he went out again, and said he should return in a minute or two—he came in again, and two persons followed him in—the prisoner was one, and the other was a stouter man, and fair—they came to the bar, and asked for a glass of porter each—I served them—they were whispering together at the back of the engine—I had an opportunity of seeing the prisoner's face—the stout gentleman then asked me to go into the parlour, and get the paper from the gentleman that was there—(he could see a little into the parlour at that time, but he could not see where the gentleman was, who I ascertained had the paper when I went into the parlour—he sat in the further part of the recess)—I refused—I said if be liked to go in, the gentleman had been there before, and I dare say he would let him have it—he said he did not like to take the paper out of the hand of a gentleman, he would rather I would fetch it—on that I went from behind the bar into the parlour—I left no one in the bar but those two persons—when I go into the parlour I never close the door, but when I went into the parlour then the door was shut upon me—I tried to open it, and could not, and it flurried me greatly—the door does not lock—it appeared to be closed by being held—when it was opened the stout man was against the door, and I saw his foot move from the door—the prisoner was not close to him, but at the end of the counter—I asked the stout person what he meant by confining me in the parlour—he began to be abusive, said a bad word, and said he was a gentleman bred and born—I told him his conduct was not like a gentleman—as soon as he had said that, he turned to go to the door—I went to my cupboard, and found the cash-box was gone—I called out for my pot-boy—I told him they were in the street, and to run after them—I went into the street, and saw the prisoner and the other, both running very fast down the street—I saw my pot-boy go after them, and follow them—there was 65l. 14s. in the cash-box—it was made up of two 10l. notes, two 5l. notes, twenty-nine sovereigns, some silver, and an order for 5l. 4s.—it was my husband's property—it has never been found.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. I believe the stout man asked for the paper? A. Yes—I have to come out of the bar door to go into the parlour, but any one outside of the bar could go into the parlour—the window is in front of the bar—it is facing me as I am serving—it is a corner house—the window goes round—when I went into the parlour the other party was sitting at the further part of the room against the window, and he threw the window up himself—I called my boy, who was down stairs in the kitchen—he came up—I said, "Make haste, I am robbed"—the minute I missed the box I went to the door—the boy was up as quick as I went to the door.

MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. From the time you gave change had any person been in the shop but these two persons and the man who went into the parlour? A. No—I had left the door of the bar open as I went into the parlour.






CHARLESS HUBBARD
. I am pot-boy to Mrs. Jefferies. On the 19th of Aug. I heard her call out—I was down stairs—I came up, and saw the prisoner and another man outside the door—I had no opportunity of seeing the other man's face, but I looked at the prisoner for the space of a minute—he had hold of the door, just going out—I went after them in consequence of what Mrs. Jefferies said—I saw in the street the prisoner, whom I had seen at the door—he was running—I followed him about 200 yards till he went into Rimer's—I did not lose sight of him till he got there, only at the corner, and when I got to the corner I saw him again running as fast as he could—he did not go in a straight line from Sudeley-street to Rimer's—he went a roundabout way.





PRISCILLA RIMER
. My father keeps a fruiterer's shop at No. 10, Eliza-place. On the 19th of July I was in the shop, standing with my back to the shop door—the prisoner ran into the shop, pushed me with tremendous force, ran up, swung himself round one box, got into the other box, pulled the curtain round him, and peeped through—I asked him what be wanted—he could not speak for a minute, and then he said, "A bottle of ginger beer"—I said again, "What do you want?"—he said, "Wait, wait till somebody is past"—I then heard a cry of "Stop thief," and my father gave him into custody.





JOESPH HUTCHINSON
. (police-constable G 234.) When I got to Rimer's the prisoner advanced to me, and said, "What is it for, policeman?"—I said, "For a cash-box, I hear"—Mr. Jefferies came in, and I was going to bring the prisoner to the station—he said, "Can't I have a cab?"—I said, "There is no cab here"—he said, "See how I am exposed"—I took him to the station—he was asked his name—he said, "William Pearson"—he was asked his address—he said, "I would rather not tell; my friends are respectable; I should not wish them to know."

Cross-examined. A. Have you found out where he lived? A. No—I have not heard where his father lived—I do not know that his father's house has been searched—I believe sergeant Bran nan has been in the case—one other person has been apprehended—he was a stout gentleman—he was admitted to bail, and afterwards discharged—I did not hear that he was discharged without imputation.




GUILTY. of Larceny.
 Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Recorder.

