



1762. 




JOHN READ
 was indicted

 for stealing 8lbs. weight of flour, value 2s.; the goods of 



William Carpenter, his master; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






BENJAMIN GRAVES
. I am in the employ of William Carpenter, a miller, at Greenwich. The prisoner was in his service—on the 25th of May, about a quarter to eleven o'clock, on Saturday night, he came to the mill, and said he wanted to come in after the engine shut down to catch some rats, would I give him a call—I said I would—at twelve I went to the gate and found him there—as I was going to lock the gate, he said, "Don't lock the gate"—I said, "Why?"—he said, "There was no necessity for it, it is not customary"—I did not at that time suspect anything was wrong—I went down to the mill with him and got a light—he asked me to go round to the fly-wheel of my engine, and hold a light there, and not to make a noise lest it should disturb the rats—my going round would get me out of the way so as to prevent my seeing what he was doing—he said he wanted to get a live rat if he could—I went as far as my engine-house window—I then suspected something, and went to the mill door—I found it was shut—I opened the outer door, and found the inner door half open—I went up stairs on to the first floor, and saw the prisoner coming from a place where we sack flour, and where the bulk of flour was—he had something under his arm—when he saw me he went to the pollard-bin, and I there saw him drop in a bag which I suspected contained flour—I went up to him—before I got close to him, I said, "What do you do here, Read?"—he said, "I thought you were going round to the bin'—by that time I had got to the bin and took the bag, which had got from 8lbs. to 10lbs. of flour in it—I said, "You villain, what do you mean by this?"—he said, "Don't Graves, don't"—I was going to the super-intendent of the mill—when I got to the door the prisoner knocked the light out of my hand, and seized the bag—we had a scuffle, and he got it from my hand—I made towards the gate, and took out a lucifer match to get a light—he knocked it out of my hand—there is a timber yard close to my employer's premises—the prisoner had an opportunity of throwing the bag there—there was a bag found there with a small dust of flour in it—the policeman took the bag and the flour.

Prisoner. Q. Had I any opportunity of getting any flour? A. Yes—I did not say, because you did not spend money in drink you should not catch rats—I had no plot against you.





ROBERT BUTCHER
. I am superintendent of the mill, and live on the premises. Graves called me up on the 25th of May, with a policeman, and the prisoner was taken—on the Sunday morning, I saw a bag in the timber yard as I was dressing—I sent for a policeman—he came and took it—it turned out to be one of my master's bags—there was a little flour in it—it

appeared as if the flour had been emptied out, and the bag thrown out—I know the bag by a stripe—the prisoner had no right to be at the pollard-bin, or at the mill at all—I believe this to be my master's bag.

Prisoner. Q. There is no entrance to the engine house but by the mill? A. Yes—there is.





GEORGE WILSON
 (police-constable R 19.) I took the prisoner on the night of the 26th—I picked up this bag in the timber yard—it appeared to have had flour in it, and some small portion of flour was on the timber near the bag.





WILLIAM TURNER
. I am a farmer, and live at Capel, in Kent. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the Clerk of Assizes at Maidstone—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 44.—


Transported for Seven Years.

