




1976. 




WILLIAM MORRISS
 and 




WILLIAM LAMBERT



, stealing 2 books, and 4 pieces of paper, value 5d.; the goods of 



George George, from his person.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE GEORGE
. I am a Custom-house officer. On the afternoon of 6th Aug., about a quarter-past three o'clock, I was going along Osborne-street, Whitechapel—I saw the prisoner in company with three others—I was making my way into Whitechapel, and received a push from Morriss—I turned and perceived Lambert's hand at my pocket—I tried to secure him, and in so doing, I was attacked by the whole five—they met me; they were going in a direction towards Brick-lane—I laid hold of Lambert, but he got away, and as I was trying to secure him, Morriss came fencing at me, and Lambert tried to get him away—I struck Morriss across the arm, and was still following him, and he came and struck me on the side of the head, and I was knocked down senseless—when I recovered, I missed a small memoran-dum-book, which had been in my right-hand pocket, where I had seen Lambert's hand—I turned round momently, and am sure his hand was at my pocket, but I thought at the time it was a lark, till I found myself treated so—I had left the Excise-office twenty minutes before, and I had been entering some little things in my book—the blow was a serious one—I was quite insensible till the policeman raised me up, and placed me in the hands of some person.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q.
YOU say that Lambert wanted to make Morriss go away? A. Yes; he tried to get him away, when the others ran away—I received no blows from Lambert—Morriss did not strike me till I had struck him with my stick—the book was of no consequence; I only gave twopence for it, it had the directory of the railways in it, I have never seen it since.


MR. PRENDERGAST. Q.
YOU thought at first it was a lark; did you have any other opinion, when you found the hand at your pocket? A. Yes, I thought then they were about to rob me. JOHN ROSS (police-sergeant, H 50). On 6th Aug., at three o'clock in the afternoon, I went to Osborne-street—I saw some persons near the prosecutor—I went towards them, and saw one of them knock him down—he was lying in the carriage-way—I came and picked him up—the others ran off—I saw their backs, but not their faces—I did not see the prisoners again till the present month.





WILLIAM DAVY
. I live in Robin Hood-lane. On Monday, 1st Oct, I was in Commercial-street, Whitechapel, about a quarter before nine o'clock in the evening—the prosecutor pointed out the prisoners to me, as the persons he had seen before—I ran after Morriss, and succeeded in taking him—the other ran away—Morriss said, "Who wants me?"—I said, "A friend of mine"—I took him back to Mr. George, and he looked at him, and said that he and the other were two of the five that knocked him down—Morriss said" That has nothing to do with me now."





GEORGE GEORGE

re-examined, I was with Mr. Davy—one of the prisoners was taken by him, and one by Moseley—I am quite convinced that they were two of the parties—I was with them at least seven minutes.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen Lambert before? A. No.

LAMBERT—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

MORRISS—


GUILTY
. Aged 21. 



Transported for Ten Years


