



2266. 




JOHN MORGAN
 was indicted

 for a misdemeanor.


MR. ESPINASSE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM SANKEY
. I am in the service of Mr. Chancellor, as an omnibus driver from Kensington to Whitechapel. I became acquainted with the prisoner about eighteen months ago—he was in the habit of riding up and down, and sitting by me on the box—I said to him, I should like to buy an omnibus—I had a little money in the Bank—he came to me on the 28th of October—he rode down to Kensington—he gave me half a dozen cards to distribute, and said he had taken a public-house at last, called the White Bear, at Ratcliff-cross—he had been looking for a business for some time—he came to me two days after, and said he wanted to speak to me—he said, "You have got a little money in the Bank; I have got 700l.; I want you to let me have your 100l. out of the Bank; I will deposit the lease of my house in your bands as security for it—he said he wanted it to purchase the lease of his house, that his brother and sister were in the house, and he had possession, and was going on Saturday to get the lease; he would procure the lease on Saturday, and deposit it with me—I said, if he would deposit the lease in my hands as a security I would let him have it—I met him, and went to my broker, and sold out 100l. stock, and got 90l. in notes, six sovereigns, and six shillings—I walked down towards Whitechapel, and saw the prisoner, and gave him nine 10l. notes, six sovereigns, and fifteen shillings, in the presence of Mr. Collier—he was" outside the bar—I was induced to part with my money because he said be would bring me the lease up in the evening—I should not have parted with my money if be had not told me he had 700l., and was in possession of the house—I saw him again on the fallowing Wednesday—Mr. Thompson was with me—we went into a public-house—we saw the prisoner there—I said, "You have got no public-house, where is my money?"—he said, "Do your best, and do your worst," and away he went—I could get no policeman to take him—my friend went and spoke to him—he said, "He may do his best, and do his worst, he shant have a d—d shilling"—I looked for him afterwards every day, and my answer was, he was gone into the country—I found him on the 22nd of last month—I saw him on the Sunday morning after I gave him the money—he said, "Sankey, I have not taken that house; come over the way to-morrow morning, to my uncle Tupcott's house, and I will give you the money"—I went, and saw his wife—she said he was gone into the country—I never could see any more of him.


Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you any money transaction with him before this? A. Never but once—I lent him 15l. I was to have had 20l., but eighteen of us sat down to supper—he had it Dearly three months—we were intimate nearly all that time—I did not know he had been a valet in the service of a nobleman—he always stated he had got plenty of property—I did not complain to him of the small interest I got in the funds—I went down to the White Bear public-house at Ratcliff—I found he was in treaty for that house.





WILLIAM COLLIER
. I went with the prosecutor to the Grapes public-house in October last—I saw him hand over to the prisoner nine 10l. notes, six sovereigns, and some silver—Sankey said to the prisoner, "You will let me have that lease"—he said, "Yes, certainly."





ANDREW THOMPSON
. I was in company with the prosecutor in October, at a public-house in Leman-street—some conversation took place with the prisoner and the prosecutor—I did not hear any thing they said—the prisoner called me on one side, and told me that Sankey had no witnesses, and therefore he would never pay him a single shilling, and he could not get a single shilling of it.





JOHN LUCKER
. I have known the prisoner twelve months—he was a policeman, and then a gentleman's servant—he used to frequent the skittie-grounds very much—he did not appear to be a respectable person—I do not believe he is worth 700l.—he did not appear worth 300l.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. The son of a deceased licensed victualler—I am not in the habit of frequenting skittle-grounds.





THOMAS FAREY
. I keep the White Bear public-house, Ratcliff-cross. I took it on the 25th of January last, from Charles Holben—he had it about six months—Holben was there in October—I do not know my thing about the prisoner keeping the house—when I took this house its valuation was 100l.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see any thing of the house in October? A. No—it was to draw four butts of beer a month—it was rather overrated—the lease was 380l.—it was shut up when I took it.





ANDREW THOMPSON

re-examined. Q. I knew this house in October—the prisoner was not in possession.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
