




1190. 




WILLIAM JENKINS
 and 




HENRY JOSEPH FINCH
 were indicted for

 stealing from the person of 



John Mark 1 purse, value 6d.; 12 sovereigns, 6 half-sovereigns, and 1 10l. bank-note, his property; and that Finch had been before convicted of felony.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN MARK
. I am a gunner in the Royal Artillery, at Woolwich. On the 28th of April I had been to London—I had a 30l. bank-note, which I changed at Mr. Crump's, in Goswell-road—I received for it a 10l. banknote and sovereigns, half-sovereigns, and silver—I put the note and money in my purse into my watch-pocket—I did not take the number of the note, but I observed some writing on it which enables me to know it again—I then went to Dalston, and from there to London-bridge, to get back to Woolwich—it was then past eleven o'clock at night, I dare say—I was perfectly sober—I went to a stand of cabs and called for one—Jenkins came up as the driver, and brought the cab to the curb-stone—I asked what he would take me to Woolwich for—he said 8s.—I said I could not afford that, and offered him 2s.—he said he could not take me for 2s.—Finch was standing near him, and he said, "O take the gentleman down, take him down for 2s., he will likely stand a pot of ale on the road"—that was the first I had seen of Finch—Jenkins said very well, he would do

it—I got in, and Jenkins said, "Will you allow this man (meaning Finch) to go with you as far as Greenwich in the cab?"—Finch was by at the time—I said, "Yes, you may get in," and he got in—the cab went on between half and two-thirds of the way between London and Greenwich, and it there stopped—Finch said, "Draw up here," or "We had better stop here"—Jenkins drew up by a public-house on the left hand side—Finch got out on the right side of the cab, went round, and went into the public-house, and, as I presume, got a pot of ale—I paid for it—I did not get out, and cannot say whether Jenkins was on his box or not—Finch was away five or six minutes—he then came to the left side of the cab and said to me, "Here, take a glass of this ale"—I said, "Is it good?"—he said, "Yes, very good"—I drank it and gave him the glass, which he took into the house again, then came and took his seat in the cab—I then fell asleep, and did not awake till we got to Woolwich—I was still asleep, Jenkins came and awoke me up, and said, "You are at Woolwich"—Finch was then gone—I said, "Very well"—I got out of the cab, and found Jenkins in the act of getting on the box again, never having asked me for his money—I said, "Oh! I have not paid you, I must pay you"—I went to feel for my money, and found my purse and money were gone—I said, "Good G—! I have been robbed; you know something about it; where is the man that you asked my permission to let ride with me?"—I seized hold of Jenkins and said, "I will detain you until I give you in charge"—two policemen came up—I gave him, his horse and cab, in charge—I have seen the 10l. note since, and identified it—this is it—here is the word "York" upon it—when we arrived at the station I gave so minute a description of Finch that he was taken the next day.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. What had you been doing that day? A. I had got leave from my commanding officer to come to town on Sunday the day before—I went to No. 21, St. James-street—the persons I went to see were not at home, and on the Monday morning I called there again—I had dined at four o'clock in the afternoon—I had a mutton-chop and a glass of porter—I took about three glasses of port wine within two hours after my dinner—I had about a couple more glasses between eight and nine o'clock, which made five glasses after my dinner—I took nothing else till I had the ale in the cab—it was, past eleven when I got into the cab.


Jenkins. Q. Was you sober, or was you not? A. I have sworn I was sober—when I came to you at London-bridge, you brought your cab to the curb—I swear I had only one glass of ale on the road, which was at the first house you stopped at—whether you stopped at any other house after I lost my senses I cannot tell.





WILLIAM CRUMP
. I am a cheesemonger, and live in Goswell-street-road—the prosecutor came to my house on Monday evening, the 28th of April—I changed a 30l. note for him—I gave him this 10l. note, and the rest in gold and silver—here is my writing on the note, and I had previously taken the number of it, whrch I have here—the prosecutor was quite sober then—here is the name of the person I took the note from on it.





MICHAEL GARVEY
 (police-constable R 87.) I was on duty on Tuesday morning, the 29th of April—I took Jenkins from the prosecutor, and took him to the station—the prosecutor accused him, and said, "Where is the man that was in the cab along with me?"—Jenkins said, "I do not know, I put him down at Greenwich, I have no knowledge of him"—this was in

Church-street, Woolwich, before we started for the station—when we got there Jenkins said he had seen the person who was in the cab before, and he should know him again if we were to see him.





THOMAS BALDWIN
 (police-sergeant L 13.) I was in the Westminster-road, at half-past six o'clock on Tuesday morning, the 29th of April—I went into the Oxford Arms, and saw Finch, in company with some men, three of whom were cab men—Finch was treating them, and I saw him take some money out of his right-hand pocket—I saw him count seven sovereigns and some silver—I told him he had better take care of his money—he said it was all right, they were all his men, and he was treating them.





JAMES CUDDY
 (police-sergeant L 20.) I had heard a description of Finch—I went to Batty's Theatre on Tuesday evening, the 29th of April, and found Finch in the gallery—I took him into custody—I found on him this 10l. note, 1l. 11s. 2d. in silver, and 5d. in copper.

Jenkins's Defence. On the 28th the soldier hired my cab, he was with another party, and each of them were smoking cigars; he asked what I would take him for, I said 8s.; he said he could not afford that, he would give me 2s.; we hesitated some minutes, and then I agreed to take him for 2s.; the cab was not drawn down; he said he would give me some ale on the road; we stopped at three places; he drank two or three glasses of ale; I stopped once in Tooley-street, once at Mill pond-bridge, and once further on; I got to Woolwich, and he was asleep; I said, "This is Woolwich;" he said, "Where is the man?" I said he got out at Green-wich; the policeman came up; I told him the circumstance, and he said to the prosecutor, "Will you give the prisoner in charge?" he said "Yes;" I have witnesses to prove he was intoxicated when he took my cab,





WILLIAM COCKRILL
 (police-constable L 108.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Finch's former conviction, which I got at Kingston-upon-Thames—(read—Convicted 28th Dec. 1833, and confined three months, and whipped)—the prisoner is the person.

JENKINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.


FINCH—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

