




452. 




JOHN MATTHEWS, alias
 Joseph Swinford,

 and 




JOHN BARBER
, were indicted for

 feloniously uttering, on the 
11th of December, a forged 10l. note, well knowing it to be forged, with intent to defraud 

the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.—2nd COUNT, stating their intent to be to defraud 



Mary Harding.


The
ATTORNEY GENERAL
with
MESSRS. ADOLPHUS
and
BULLOCK
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY HARDING
. I am a widow, living at No. 1, Holles-street, Cavendish-square,

and carry on the business of a jeweller. The prisoners came to my shop, on the 11th of December, about half-past two o'clock in the day—Matthews asked for a wedding-ring—I showed him some, not on a card, but separately—he said the first was too small—at last he fitted himself with one—he then asked for a guard-ring, and fitted himself with that—the other prisoner was close to him, in hearing and in sight of what took place—the price of the two rings was 24s.—Matthews tendered a 10l. note in payment—I said I had not got change, but I would get it, and called my daughter Emma to go next door to get change—she did not return as soon as I expected—the prisoners were conversing together, during her absence, about going by the Great Western railway train in the morning—I did not attend to it particularly, but that was the subject of their conversation—I should think my daughter was gone five or ten minutes—the prisoners made no observation about her stay—I said I thought she was run away with note and all together—Matthews said, that being Saturday, they might not like to give change—at last my daughter returned with Mr. Belcher, Mr. Adams, a policeman, and another gentleman whom I do not know—my daughter said the note was a bad one—Matthews said it was a good one, and he asked to look at it—Mr. Belcher said, "I will give it to the policeman, he can do as he pleases with it"—after that the prisoners both asked to look at it—the policeman said, "Not now"—he had got it in his hand, and Barber snatched at it, and tried to get it from his hand—they did not struggle for it, he merely made a snatch at it—Matthews then said he could account for where he got the note, at the last fight—they were then taken away by two policemen—I went to, the station—Matthews said he lived somewhere in the Strand, I cannot recollect exactly where.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You say your daughter might have been away for five or ten minutes? A. It might have been that—if they had chosen to have gone out in the interval, I could not have prevented them—they were on one side of the counter and I was on the other—no one was there but me and the two prisoners.





EMMA HARDING
. I am the daughter of last witness. On the 11th of December, I was called into the shop and saw the two prisoners there—I was told to get change for a 10l. note—Matthews gave it me—I took it to Mr. Belcher's, next door—he held it up to the light, and went out of the shop with it—I waited till he returned, and then we went back to my mother's shop—the prisoners were there—I said the note was a bad one—Matthews said it was a good one—a policeman came—Mr. Belcher had the note then—I did not see what was done with it.





WILLIAM BELCHER
. I am a tea-dealer, and live in Holles-street. Emma Harding came to me with a 10l. note to ask for change—I examined it, and thought it was bad—I went to Mr. Adams for his opinion, and he took it to Sir Claude Scott's—it was out of my sight perhaps three minutes—it was not out of my sight before I gave it to Mr. Adams—he took it to his partner first, and then to Sir Claude Scott's—it was then out of my sight—Mr. Adams returned it to me, and I took it to Mrs. Harding's shop, and called a policeman—the prisoners were there—it was stated that the note was a bad one—Matthews asked to look at it—I said, "No, I will give it to the policeman, and he can do as he likes"—I gave it to the policeman—he was looking at it, and Barber attempted to snatch it out of his hand—he said he could tell if it was a good one if they would let him

see it—he did not succeed in snatching it out of the policeman's hand—he was then taken to the station—I did not go there.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did Barber ask to look at the note before he attempted to take it from the policeman? A. Yes, he said, "Let me look at it, I can tell whether it is a good one"—the policeman was not more than a yard from him at the time—the policeman was looking at it—Barber was on the right of the policeman.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did Matthews, or either of them, give any account of how they became possessed of the note? A. Not in my presence.





HUGH ADAMS
. I am a linen draper, and live in Holles-street. Mr. Belcher came to me on Saturday, the 11th of December last—he showed me a 10l. note—I examined it, and took it to Sir Claude Scott's—I showed it to Mr. Samuel Scott and the clerk—the note was not out of my sight—I returned it to Mr. Belcher—I am positive I returned him the note he gave me—I accompanied Mr. Belcher to his door, saw a policeman at the door, and requested him to go to the police-station and desire the inspector to come over immediately—I went to the police-office myself, brought one with me, and went to Mrs. Harding's—the two prisoners were taken to the station in Marylebone-lane—the inspector asked them certain questions, and after that I went to the Bank of England, and the policeman with me—the note was in the policeman's possession—I received the note from the policeman at the Bank—I handed it to the cashier—it was not defaced as it is now—they put this mark upon it at the Bank, after I had put my name at the top, which I did, before it went out of my sight.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was it in order to be sure it was the same note that you put your name on it? A. Yes, I had no previous mark on it—I thought my name being on it was necessary to identify it—I did not put my name on it when I parted with it to the constable—the cashier took it out of the room after I had marked it.





CHARLES HART
 (police-constable E 99.) On the 11th of December I was called into Mrs. Harding's shop, in Holles-street, and found the prisoners there—Mrs. Harding said, "This man (pointing to Matthews) came to me and attempted to pass a 10l. note to me, which I believe is forged," and she wished to give him in charge to me—Mr. Belcher had the note in his hand—I received it from him—Matthews asked to look at the note—Mr. Belcher said, "No, I shall give it to the policeman, and he may do as he chooses"—I took it from Mr. Belcher—Barber then asked to look at it and said, "I will tell you whether it is a bad one or not"—I said, "No, not yet"—he then caught hold of my hand and tried to take it away from me—I prevented him—another constable came in—I assisted in taking them to the station—I afterwards went to the Bank of England with Mr. Adams—I had the note with me, and took it to the Bank—it is the same note I had from Mr. Belcher—it never went out of my sight from the time I received it till I gave it to Mr. Adams at the Bank—he gave it to the cashier in my presence.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was there any struggle between you and Barber for the note? A. He caught hold of the note, and I tried to keep it—the struggle was very little, but if I had not held it very fast I have no doubt he would have taken it—I do not know whether it lasted half a minute—he caught hold of my hand, I closed it, and kept the

note secure—he was within my reach—I was unfolding the note to look at it at the time I saw him advancing to take the note from my hand—he put out his hand, took hold of mine, and tried to open it to take the note.





THOMAS LEACH
 (police-constable D 169.) On Saturday the 11th of December I arrested Matthews at Mrs. Harding's and took him to the station—Barber walked behind—nothing was done to him in going along—I took Matthews to the station—Mrs. Harding made the charge—I saw the prisoners searched—some money was found on Matthews—I cannot say how much.





JOHN TEDMAN
. I am an inspector of the D division of police. On the 11th of December the two prisoners were brought to the station-house in Marylebone-lane, charged with attempting to utter a 10l. note—Matthews said his name was John Matthews, No. 76, Strand, and that he was a gentleman—Barber gave his name "John Barber, No. 2, Trafalgar-street, Walworth, mathematical instrument-maker"—I read the charge to them and told them they need not say anything to injure themselves, as what was stated would be made use of against them—Matthews said, "I took the note of a friend of mine about a fortnight ago"—he mentioned his friend's name, but I cannot recollect it—he said he could produce his friend at another time to show that he had received it from him—Barber said, "I know nothing about it"—the note was given into my hands, and I gave it back to the constable again—it was not out of my sight from the time I received it till I gave it back to the constable—I have inquired about the Strand and Trafalgar-street as to the residence of these persons, and have not discovered anything about them—I found six No. 2's in Trafalgar-street—I inquired at all.





JOSHUA FREEMAN
. I am inspector of notes to the Bank of England—this is a forged note—it is not bank paper—it is not an impression from a bank plate, nor the signature of Mr. Parquot, our cashier, which it purports to be—it is forged in every particular.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Has it not happened at the Bank within your own knowledge that a note was pronounced forged which turned out to be genuine? A. I once did see a good note marked forged so many years since—I cannot say whether that was done by an experienced officer—no inspector could make a mistake if a note was properly put into his hands.

MR. ATTORNEY GENERAL. Q. How many yean is that ago? A. I should say nearly twenty—I have been in the service of the Bank thirty years—it was the only good note I ever saw marked in that manner—I have seen a great many millions of good notes in my time, it is impossible to say how many, and a great many bad ones.





ANN RICHARDSON
. I am single, and live at No. 8, Edgeware-road—I keep a hosier's shop. On the 11th of December, just before one o'clock, the two prisoners came to my shop—Matthews asked to look it some handkerchiefs which I showed him—he selected four and a stock, and offered me a 10l. note in payment—I could not give him change, and sent my boy out for it—Matthews gave him the note—the boy went out and brought the change—Mr. Minton came in while the prisoners were still there—Matthews had taken the change up—Minton brought the note back, said he did not like the appearance of it, and wished the change returned—Matthews returned him the change which the boy had given him, and took the note from him—Matthews said, "Look at the note, it

is a good one"—he said he would call for the goods in about three-quarters of an hour—they left with the note, and did not return.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you swear positively to both the prisoners? A. No—I am uncertain about Barber.

COURT. Q. Are you positive of Matthews? A. Yes, and believe Barber to be the other—I saw him again in custody on the Tuesday or Thursday after.





SAMUEL EDWARDS
. I am in the service of Miss Richardson. On Saturday the 11th of December, both the prisoners came to the shop before my mistress saw them—I know them both again—Matthews asked to look at some handkerchiefs—I called mistress down—Matthews asked me if there was a master—I said "No"—my mistress came and showed them the handkerchiefs—Matthews asked her to give him change for a 10l. note—she said she had not got it in the house—they said they would call for them as they came back—Barber said it would be out of their way to call as they came back—they went outside the door, talked a little while, then came in again—Matthews gave me the 10l. note, and said, "Go and get change for it"—I took it and went to Mr. Minton at the Mitre public-house—be gave me two 5l. notes for it—I went to Mr. Collins and changed one of them—I returned to the shop, and gave the change to Matthews—Mr. Minton came in shortly after and said he did not like the appearance of the note, and would rather have his change—Matthews said it was a very good one, held it up to the light, and asked if he could not see the water-mark—Minton said he could not—Matthews took up the 10l. note, gave back the change, said they would call for the goods as they came back, and went oat—he never called again.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. When, Minton said he should like to have his change, did not Matthews say he might have it if he liked? A. Yes.





EDWARD MINTON
. I keep the Mitre, at the corner of Connaught-street. On the 11th of December Edwards came for change for a 10l. note—I gate him two 5l. notes—I left the 10l. note on the counter and on looking at it more particularly, directly the boy was gone, I thought it was a bad one—I noticed the badness of the paper, and the signature Parquot—I noticed the name of "Bradworth," or something like it, on the back—(looking at the one uttered to Mrs. Harding)—this has the name it had on it, and this is the very same note—I went back to the shop with it, where Edwards lives, and saw two men, the one tall and the other short—I cannot swear to the prisoners, the time being so short—I said I thought the note was bad—the short one said, "Why do you think so?"—I said there was no water mark, and I would rather have my change—he held it up to the light, and asked if I could not see the water mark—I said no, certainly—he said, "Take your change again, that will settle the business," which I did, and gave him the note—he said he must leave the things and call in the afternoon for them.





ISAAC HENRY ROBERT MOTT
. I have ware-rooms at No. 76, Strand, and am a piano-forte maker. I do not know either of the prisoners—neither of them lived at my warehouse on the 11th of December—I entered the premises at the half quarter, in November—nobody lived there then—I never saw Matthews before in my life—he did not live there to my knowledge.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is the house yours or have you merely rooms there? A. I had just taken the house—no person lives there but my son, who sleeps there to take care of the premises at night—

I live in the country—I think if a person had slept there I should have known it—my son is not here.

COURT. Q. The house is yours and you know of nobody there but your son? A. Exactly so—I have no lodgers—there is but one small sleeping room, which my son occupies—I took it about the middle of November—I only know of one No. 76.





RICHARD LULLUM
. I keep a beer shop, No. 2, Trafalgar-street, Walworth—I do not know Barber—he never resided there—I have lived there nine months.





SARAH HOLLES
. I live at another No. 2, Trafalgar-street, Walworth—I do not know either of the prisoners—Barber never lived at my house—I have lived there fifteen years.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are there six Nos. 2, in Trafalgar-street? A. Yes—I cannot say whether there are more—there are not two Trafalgar-streets—I and my mother have lived there fifteen years—my brother is owner of the house—we only let lodgings to single ladies.

COURT. Q. Do the different Nos. apply to different places in the street? A. Yes—it is a long street, and there is George-place, and so on, the numbers apply to each place.





ROBERT BARTON WEST
. I live at No. 2, Craig's-terrace, in Trafalgar-street—I have lived there six or seven years—the prisoner Barber never lived there.





SARAH HOLLES
 re-examined. My house is in Trafalgar-street—not in George-place—that runs out of Trafalgar-street.





JAMES ORD
. I live at No. 2, Trafalgar-street, Walworth, and have lived there two years and three months. I do not know Barber—he has not lived there during that time—mine is a different house to West's—it is not a corner house.





SAMUEL DYKE
. I live at No. 2, Trafalgar-street, Walworth, in the street, and have lived there three years—mine is a different house to West's—Barber did not live there during that time.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is yours a corner house? A. No—Ord lives at the other end of the street—there are about six No. 2's—I do not think there are seven, as I have been up and down the street, but I will not swear it.

CHANDLER. I am a policeman. I live at No. 2, Trafalgar-street, Walworth, at a different house to the other witnesses—Barber never lived at my place—I have been there ever since the 1st of June, 1840—I believe there are as many No. 1's in the street as No. 2's—I cannot say how it happens.

COURT. Q. Are there rows of houses going by different names? A. There is one terrace—the street is a quarter of a mile long, and the numbers are intermixed.





JOSIAH HARRIS
. I live with my father, a watchmaker, at No. 11, Upper East Smithfield. I know the prisoner Matthews—I remember his coming to my father's shop on the 3rd of December, between one and two o'clock—he asked to be shown some wedding-rings—I showed him a card of rings—he chose one at 8s.—I went into the parlour at the back of the shop, to communicate with my father, who came into the shop—Matthews then asked the shopman to show him a keeper, which is a guard for a wedding-ring—the shopman showed him some—he chose one at 7s.—he

turned round, and took a piece of paper out of his pocket-book, and gave it to my father—it appeared something like a note—I saw it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were you examined at the police-court? A. Yes.





JOHN JAMES HARRIS
. I am the witness's father, and live at East Smith-field. In consequence of what my son said, I went into the shop, and saw the prisoner Matthews—the shopman was showing him a card of goldeepers—Matthews said to me, "I don't much like it, but what is the price?"—the shopman said he had offered 7s. for the ring—he said, "I will take them," and said, "It is my first undertaking of matrimony"—I said, "I wish you much joy"—he pulled a 5l. Bank-note out of his pocket—I took it from his hand, looked at it, and saw a name endorsed at the back of it—I think it was "Beardsforth, cooper, City"-road"—I observed it very particularly—(looking at a note)—this is the same note—I turned round, and put it into my iron chest—I had sent all the notes I had the day before to the Bank, where I keep an account, and at that time I had no other 5l. note in the chest—I afterwards took the note with others to pay into the Bank, and when I presented it, it was returned to me stamped at forged, while I remained there—I gave Matthews four sovereigns and 5s.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You put it into an iron chest? A. Yet—I had no other note there—it was the first I put in after sending to the Bank—it was on Friday, the 3rd of December—I went to the Bank with it on the 9th—I put several notes into the chest before the 9th—seven 5l. and one 20l.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. On the seven 5l. notes was there any mark of yours? A. On every one of them—I endorsed them at the back, as I knew every body I took them of, but Matthews being a stranger, I did not endorse this—I saw a name on it—I am quite positive this is the note I received from him.

MR. FREEMAN. This note is forged, in paper, plate, and signature, altogether.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How many inspectors are there at the Bank? A. Nineteen—(note read.)

MATTHEWS—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

BARBER—


GUILTY
.—Aged 23.




Transported for Fifteen Years.
Before Mr. Justice Wightman.
