



1537. 




CHARLES SHORE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
11th of April, 2 printed books, value 6s., the goods of 



William Hunt Corfield; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ISSAC MASON
. I keep a music-seller's shop, in Gray's Inn-passage. On the 11th of April I noticed the prisoner standing opposite Mr. Corfield's shop, which fronts mine—I saw him take two books from the shelf, put them under his coat, and walk away—I called to him, and he came back, with the books still under his coat—I then left him in charge of the prosecutor, as I had to go to my own shop—he had the books concealed under his coat.


Prisoner. When he called me I went to him; he took no books from me. Witness. I took him into the shop, with the books under his arm—as I went into the shop there were some books which I knocked down—I think, in the bustle, I might have taken these from under his coat, I cannot say.





WILLIAM HUNT CORFIELD
. The prisoner was brought to my shop by Mr. Mason in charge—I saw these books, but whether they were given me by Mr. Mason or the prisoner, I do not know, owing to the confusion by knocking down a pile of books—Mr. Mason said, "Here is a man who has taken two books of yours, and these are the books," but whether he gave them me or the prisoner I do not know—the prisoner asked me to let him go, as I had never seen him there before—I said, "No, I have suffered too much from thieves"—I sent for the policeman, and gave him into custody—they are my books, and cost me 6s.





FREDERICK DANN
 (police-constable E 71.) The prisoner was given into my custody—the prosecutor gave me these books at the same time—the prisoner said nothing then, but in going to the station he asked how I thought he would get on.





THOMAS SCOTT
 (police-constable C 119.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—I was present when he was on trial—he is the same person—I took him on the 19th of last August, for stealing a pair of trowsers in St. Martin's-court—(read.)

Prisoner. I do not know this witness. Witness. I know you—he had the trowsers in the same way that he had these books under his arm.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

