





722. 




JOSEPH HOWARD,



 WILLIAM RICHARDS
, and 




PETER WARREN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
26th of January, 1 handker-chief value 6d.; the goods of 



Henry Cawston, from his person: and that Howard had been before convicted of felony.






HENRY CAWSTON
. I live at Chelsea, and am a brush manufacturer. On the 26th of January, a little after two o'clock, I was in Palace-yard, seeing her Majesty go to the House of Lords—a constable spoke to me, and I missed my handkerchief, which was safe a short time before—this is it.





GEORGE KEMP
 (police-constable N 82.) In the afternoon of the 26th of January, I saw the three prisoners, in company together in Parliament-street, and watched them—I then saw them all three behind the prosecutor—Howardput his hand into the prosecutor's pocket, and pulled this handkerchief half-way out, then turned to his companions and said, "It is only a cotton one"—Richards said, "Oh, have it"—they all three turned round to the prosecutor again, and Howard took 'the handkerchief out of his pocket—he was in the act of passing it to Richards, when I seized him by the collar, and took it out of his hand—Warren was in company with them, and they all turned together and spoke together—I saw them all three try pockets before—I saw Warren try a gentleman's pocket at the corner of Parliament-street.





JOHN ORE
 (police-constable M 194.) I saw the three prisoners in company at the corner of Parliament-street—I saw them speak several times—I heard them say there was something there, and Richards put his hand into a gentleman's pocket—Warren was close behind him at the time—he looked up in my face, and nudged Richards at the time—they then desisted, and went further on—I saw Howard repeatedly try pockets—I did npt see Warren try any one's pocket—when they got behind the prosecutor Warren was behind the other two, and I saw him endeavour to catch hold of Howard's frock, to pull him back, because he saw my brother constable taking notice of them—I got between Howard and him, and just at that time I saw the handkerchief in Howard's hand.
(The prisoner Howard here took off one of his shoes and threw it at the witness.)

Howard. All I have to say is, he is a false-swearing vagabond; if I had any thing I would knock his d—d head off; this chap is as innocent as this lamp is of the thing; I know I am guilty of it.

Richards. This young chap is innocent; he knows nothing of it.

Warren. I was waiting to see the Queen's carriage, and the officer took hold of me; I know nothing of these two boys; the officer cannot say that he saw me touch any pocket; what made me look up in the officer's face was, he said he would hit me on the nose if I did not fall back.






BENJAMIN WAYMAM
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner Howard's former conviction, from the Clerk of the Peace office, at Westminster—I was present at his trial—he is the person—(read.)
(The prisoner Warren received a good character, and a witness engaged to employ him.)

HOWARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

RICHARDS—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.




Transported for Ten Years.

WARREN—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.




Confined Seven Days.
