




1009. 




GEORGE COOK
 was indicted

 for stealing, at 

St. George, 1 breast-pin, value 1l 10s; 1 seal, 1l; 2 rings, 15s; 4 studs, 15s; 1 brooch, 10s; 1 waistcoat, 10s; 2 three-halfpenny pieces, 3d 1 two-penny piece, 2d; and 1 three-penny piece, 3d; the property of 



George Haslop, in his dwelling-house; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






GEORGE HASLOP.
 I am an officer of the Customs, and live at 9, Walburgh-street, in the parish of St. George's. My house was under repair—I had a large chest containing a dressing case, and the articles stated in the indictment—I saw it safe last on the 14th of Feb.—on 21st Feb. I missed a waistcoat from the chest, which induced me to look further, and the other articles were gone—the chest had been opened by a false key, and the writing-desk, which was in the chest, was broken open—the prisoner was at work at the house as a painter—there was a coat, which was the top thing in the box, and I found that had finger marks of white paint, and over that a piece of brown paper, with paint on it, as if somebody had been at the chest.





HENRY WILBRAHAM.
 I live with my father and mother, at 17, Oxford-street, Stepney—my father keeps a beer-shop, and the prisoner often came there—on Wednesday, 17th Feb., I was in the tap-room, and the prisoner showed me some coins, there were two three-halfpenny pieces—I do not know what the others were—they were in a steel tobacco-box—he asked if I would buy them—I saw him with some shirt studs, which looked like gold, and had red stones in them—he asked me to buy them—I said they were of no use to me—he said never mind, he could put them in his own shirt—they were quite round, very thin in the middle, and wide at each end—I know what a stud is.

MR. HASLOP
re-examined. I lost some silver coins, three-halfpenny pieces, and two-penny pieces, and some red cornelian gold buttons, not studs—they answer the witness's description.

Prisoner. The boy says they were studs, and the prosecutor says they were buttons. Witness. They were buttons of the shape the boy describes, round, and thick in the middle, not thin—(looking at a shirt button)—they were like this, the gold came through the centre of the button, about the sise of a pin's head—it was a s✗d like the one produced—the gold did not come through the center, I did not notice it—there was only one piece of cornelian—they were buttons—I lost two three-halfpenny pieces, one two-penny piece, and one three-penny piece.





CHARLOTTE WILBRAHAM.
 I am the wife of Henry Wilbraham, of 17, Oxford-street. On 17th Feb. I saw the prisoner give my husband two silver three-halfpenny pieces—he asked me for them on the Saturday following, and I returned them to him—I said, "You are fond of curiosities"—he said "Yes"—I said, "I have a three-halfpenny piece, I want a two-penny piece"—he said, "I had a two-penny piece last week, and sold it for 6d."—I said, they were very bright—he said, "Yes, they are new coins"—I said, "No, they are William the Fourth's reign."





THOMAS TODD.
 The prisoner was my apprentice, and was employed to paint the prosecutor's house—he was in the house by himself several days, painting—I observed the paint on Mr. Haslop's coat—the prisoner had been using the same sort of paint—he ought to have come to work on the 1st of March, but was absent, and did not return at all—only the prisoner and myself had been working in the house, except that there was a man there half a day.

Prisoner's Defence. There were several more at work in the house; my master used the same coloured paint himself, and a bricklayer used it; the passage was painted the same color, and Mr. Haslop might have got the

finger marks on his coat in that way; master was at work there the day the things were missing; Mr. Haslop gave me 6d for beer, and asked me if any followers came there, for his daughter was constantly out, and a lot of girls coming up and down stairs giggling; it was like a common house.





SAMUEL HALE
 (Policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's previous conviction—(read—convicted 5th May, 1846, and confined six months)—I know him to be the person.




GUILTY. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

