





1093. 




MARTHA HOWARD,



 MARTHA SMITH
, and 




MARY ANN WILLIAMS
 were indicted for

 stealing 35 yards of printed cotton, value 10s., the goods of 



Edward Williams; and that 



Mary Ann Williams had been before convicted of felony.






EDWARD WILLIAMS
. I am a linen-draper, and live in Bisnopsgate-street Without. On the 24th of April I had thirty-five yards of printed cotton at my door, partly outside—I saw it safe about half-past one o'clock, and I heard it was stolen about two—I did not miss it—this is it.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Have you any other name than Edward? A. No.





MICHAEL CONWAY
 (police-constable H 138.) About twenty minutes before two o'clock I was outside an omnibus with the coachman, and saw the three prisoners standing together at the corner of a court, next door but one to Mr. Williams's house—knowing them as associates, I watched, and saw Smith and Williams walk away from the court—Smith bad a cloak on—she went to this piece of cotton, which was on a chair at the door—I saw her throw her cloak over the cotton, take it up, and take it away—she was going off, and the others following her—I got down, ran, and caught her—the others walked quickly away—I took her into the

shop—when Smith took the cotton, Williams was standing close behind her, covering her, and Howard was at the corner of the court, looking about—the court is two or three yards from the shop—I sent a butcher to stop the others, and they were taken.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Are you quite sure Smith is the person who took the print up? A. I am positive of it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Is not this the first time you have said one word about Williams standing behind Smith? A. No—I stated it before—I think this is not the first time I have said that Howard was standing at the corner of the court, looking about her—this is my signature to this deposition—(looking at it.)

Q. Here is not a word about Williams being behind Smith, and the other at the corner of the court, and looking about? A. It does not seem to be down, but they were doing so.





WILLIAM ALDERMAN
 (police-sergeant H 7.) I produce a certificate of Williams's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read—"Convicted 12th June, 1843, and confined one year")—she is the person, and she has been summarily convicted since that.

HOWARD—


GUILTY
— Aged 17.—



Confined Nine Months.


SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—



Confined Three Months.


WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

