





2506. 




MARY MASON,



 WILLIAM BROWN
, and 




ELIZA WEAVER
, were indicted for

 stealing 45 yards of lace, value 3l. 9s., the property of 



William Kingston; Mason having been before convicted of felony.


MR. PENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






RICHARD JOLLIFFE LANGDON.
 I am shopman to William Kingston, of Westminster-bridge-road—on Wednesday, the 22nd of Sept., at half-past three in the afternoon, the prisoner Mason and another woman came to the shop and asked to look at some black edgings—I showed them some of different widths—there was some lace in the same box—I took out several cards of lace and edging, and laid them on the counter—Mason and the other woman looked at them—Mason asked for a yard and quarter of black edging—it was 8 1/2d. a yard—I served her—I then went and got some other goods to show them—I was away a very short time—long enough for a person to go out of the shop and return without my observing it—I then sold something to the other woman—the officer came in and told the foreman not to let the women go—I think Mason heard it—the foreman then spoke to me—I looked at the goods at the door—I did not miss anything—in a quarter of an hour afterwards Laylan and I went to the station—I there saw three cards, containing 48 yards of lace, worth about 3l. 9s.—I knew them to be my master's property—I had had it out while Mason and the other woman were there—this is it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. Has your master any partner? A. No—the two women bought separate things—they came in at the same time, and went out the same time—I did not miss anything—I did not see one of them go out—I know this from the marks on it—it was on the counter while they were in the shop—I took it out of the box—I looked at the goods at the door, as the foreman understood it was from there, and did not miss anything—I did not search amongst the property on the counter—there were perhaps twenty or thirty cards of lace in the box—I know this was not sold, we never sell it so—if these had been sold, we should probably have put them on one card.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARTINGER.
Q. You only speak to two women being in the shop? A. No.

MR. PRENDERGAST.
Q. Were these cards of lace part of what you had in the box? A. Yes, I have no doubt they were—I had a quantity of this sort and width—while I was gone to the station our people found we had lost lace of this description—I have not looked in the box myself to see whether any of this was gone—we cut lace in lengths—we sell it with our

private marks on the cards—nobody but me served the women with lace—I did not serve them with this—I produced such lace as this while they were there, but did not serve any of this to Mason or the other woman—neither of them bought this.





JONATHAN WILLCHER.
 (police-sergeant, 27 A.) On Wednesday afternoon, the 22nd of Sept., I saw the prisoners and another woman in Westminster-road—Mason and the other woman went into Mr. Harvey's shop—they left there, and went to Mr. Kingston's—Mason and the other woman went in—the other prisoners remained outside, near the shop-door—I saw Mason or the other woman, I am not certain which, but I believe Mason, come out and go to Weaver, and, as it appeared to me, give her something, which Weaver put under her shawl—the woman then returned to the shop directly, and Weaver and Brown went down Phœnix-street, which adjoins Mr. Kingston's shop—I told Langley what I had seen, went into the shop, and saw Mason and the other woman sitting at the counter—I told the foreman I was an officer, and I gave him instructions to retain the women, which it seems they did not attend to—I then came out and joined Langdon—we went down Phœnix-street, and about 200 yards down, Brown and Weaver were standing talking—I said to Weaver, "What have you got under your shawl?"—she said, "Nothing"—I lifted up her shawl, and found three cards of lace under her arm—I said, "What do you call these?"—she said she picked them up in the street—I took hold of Brown, and said he must go to the station—Langley took hold of Weaver—I had seen the prisoners together about twenty minutes before they went to the shop—they were all walking together—at the time Mason or the other woman brought something out, and gave to Weaver, Brown was close by, within two or three yards of the window—it is a corner house—he might be half a dozen yards from the door—I found on Weaver a purse, nine shillings, and a penny, four or five pieces or ribbon, two small bits of lace, and pair of child's socks, all new—I went with Langley about three hours afterwards to the Swan public-house in Bishopsgate-street, saw Mason there, and told her I apprehended her for taking some lace that afternoon in Westminster-road—she said I was mistaken, she had not been in Westminster-road, nor on that side the water—I am certain she is the person—I know her well—there was a new scarf found on Brown—this is it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARTINGER.
Q. When you took Brown, he said he knew nothing of the robbery? A. Yes; he said before the Magistrate that he accidentally met Weaver.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY.
Q. Where were you standing? A. passed them first on the same side of the way—I then went over the way to watch them—there is a pawnbroker's shop at the opposite corner to Mr. Kingston's—Brown and the woman not in custody live as man and wife.





EDWARD LANGLEY
 (police-serjeant, A 25.) I was with Whicher, in Westminster-road, on Wednesday the 22nd of Sept., and I saw the three prisoners and another—I watched them down the Westminster-road, from Mr. Harvey's shop to Mr. Kingston's, which is more than 100 yards—I saw Brown and Weaver remain outside, Mason and the other woman went into Mr. Kingston's shop, and remained some time—Brown and Weaver remained outside—they then went down the street—Whitaker and I went down, and asked Weaver what she had under her shawl—she said, "Nothing"—we lifted her shawl, and took from under her right arm the three cards of lace—I searched Brown, and found on him this scarf, a small knife, and this duplicate

of a ring—I afterwards went to the public-house and took Mason—she was told what she was taken for—she said she had never been on that side the water.





THOMAS GRUBEY.
 I am apprentice to Mr. Kingston. I was in the shop when the two women came in for some lace—Langdon served them—while he was away I saw one of the women, who I believe was Mason, leave the shop and came back.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. Was it not the shorter one of the two whom you believed was Mason? A. Yes—she is shorter than the other was.





HENRY MERVYN
 (policeman, F 139.) I produce a certificate of Mason's former conviction, by the name of Mary Rode—(Read—Convicted Aug. 1845, confined four months)—she is the person.
(Brown and Weaver received good characters.)

MASON—


GUILTY. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.


BROWN—


GUILTY. Aged 34.—



Confined Nine Months.


WEAVER—


GUILTY. Aged 27.—



Confined Nine Months.

