



495. 




ELIZA EDWARDS
was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
28th of December, 1 piece of handkerchiefs, value 1l. 8s., and 10 handkerchiefs, value 2l., the goods of 



John Crowther Drew; and that she had been before convicted of felony.







WILLIAM HARRIS.
I am shopman to Mr. John Crowther Drew, of Burlington Arcade. On the 28th of December, at half-past eight o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to the shop accompanied by a young man, who asked for some silk handkerchiefs—I showed them some—I had reason to suspect the young man from his coming to the shop before—he held up one of the handkerchiefs, and I observed him move some handkerchiefs towards the prisoner, and she put them under her clothes—my employer then came into the shop, and I requested him to c✗l an officer—the prisoner and the young man were given in charge, but the man got away—I never lost sight of the prisoner—she tried to get away, but I prevented her, and she went back to the counter, dropped the handkerchiefs, and said, "There are the handkerchiefs"—I had not then said any thing about handkerchiefs.

Prisoner. Q. Did not two females come down the stairs and say, "Now you have got the thief, " when you and your master were standing talking to me? A. They were my employer's wife and her mother—they came, hearing the cry of "Stop thief."

Prisoner. This witness came round and told his master, and then the young man ran out—the beadle met him and brought him back—if I had dropped these they must have seen me. Witness. I saw her take them—the young man was brought back, but he escaped in his way to the stationhouse.





THOMAS TYSON.
I am an officer of the Arcade. I was called, and the man ran into my arms when he ran out of the shop, and the prosecutor was behind him—I took him back to the shop—the prosecutor shut the door and said, "I want you to take these two in charge"—I cast my eyes toward the prisoner, and under her cloak was the corner of a handkerchief—I pushed her on one side, and found these handkerchiefs, which I produce.

Prisoner. Q. Where was I standing? A. About a yard from the counter—I pushed you on one side, and there were these things.





WILLIAM SAWYER
(police-sergeant K24.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

Prisoner. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court for the lake of my husband and child—I am innocent—I have not the least fear of my employers taking me back, the moment it may please your Lordship to liberate me.




GUILTY.Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years

