



1788. 



WILLIAM M'CREETH



, feloniously forging and uttering an order for the payment of 12l. 7s. 6d.; with intent to defraud 



Martin Tucker Smith, and others.


MESSRS. HUDDLESTON
and
M'MAHON
conducted the Prosecution.






RICHARD WENSLEY
. I am a licensed—victualler, at 339, Strand. On Saturday, 1st Sept., I received this check (produced) from the prisoner—I held an I 0 U of his, and he told me to take the difference, or as much as he might want till Monday—I asked him what he should want—he said 4l., which I gave him—on Monday I paid the check to Mr. Johns, clerk to Smart and Buller, solicitors.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Was the prisoner alone when he came? A. I do not know; the I 0 U was to remain with me till the Monday, and the check also—I gave him 4l. till the Monday, and my son gave him some more afterwards.





WILLIAM JOHNS
. I am clerk to Smart and Buller, of Lincoln's-inn-fields, solicitors. I received a check from Mr. Wensley—after that the prisoner called, and asked me if a person of the name of Wensley had been there that morning—on my saving. "Yes." he asked me if I had a check of his—I

said, "Yes;"and he said, "If you will keep it a little while, Mr. Wensley will send you up the money for it"—in consequence of that, instead of paying it through the Bank in the regular way, I went and presented it, and it was not paid—I did not know the prisoner before.

MR. WENSLEY
re-examined. I did not send the prisoner to ask Messrs. Smart to keep back the check.





GEORGE MILLINGTON
. I am clerk to Smith, Payne, and Smith, of Lombard-street. I remember an application being made to me, verbally, on 21st April, for a check-book, in the name of R. B. Kitchen—I believe the prisoner may be the person who made the application, but I cannot swear to him—he had a pass-book in his hand, which I supposed was Mr. Kitchen's, but I cannot say whose it was—I told him we did not give check-books without an order—he said he was Mr. Kitchen's son—I turned immediately to Mr. Tessier, another clerk, and a neighbour of Mr. Kitchen's, and said, "Is that Mr. Kitchen's son? "and he said, "Yes; it is all right"—the person who obtained this check-book (produced), No. 9174, signed his name to our book, before me—this is his signature, "W. Kitchen."

Cross-examined. Q. You were satisfied all was right, and so gave him the check-book? A. Yes; I believed from what Tessier said, that he was Kitchen's son—I cannot say it was the prisoner, and I cannot say it was not—I think he may be the man; he is like him; he is about the same stature, and he had a black beard under his chin which made me notice him particularly—I did not like the look of him.





GEORGE TESSIER
. I am clerk to Smith, Payne, and Smith. I was present in April, when a person applied for a check-book in Mr. Kitchen's name—my attention was called to him—I have no doubt it was the prisoner—he had Mr. Kitchen's pass-book in his hand—I saw the name distinctly—my attention was called to him as being a son of Mr. Kitchen's, a family I am acquainted with, and he said he was his son—I supposed he was the son, because he had the pass-book, and said, "I believe it is all right"—I know some of Mr. Kitchen's sons, but not all—I have no doubt the prisoner is the person—my attention was called to him in a particular manner—he had a check-book given to him—there are no persons of the name of Cotterell and Sons who keep any account with us, or Bamfield Brothers—I know no firm of the name of Cotterell and Sons.

Cross-examined. If you had been asked, without seeing the prisoner, to whom it was you gave the check-book, would you not have said it had been given to Mr. Kitchen's son? A. Certainly not; I did not tell my brother clerk it was Mr. Kitchen's son; I said I believed it was all right—I connected together his being in possession of a customer's book, and having represented himself as Mr. Kitchen's son—I know two of Mr. Kitchen's sons well—they are not like the prisoner; there is a very slight resemblance, if any at all—they do not wear any beard under the chin.

MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. When was it that you first heard that the check was a forgery? A. About an hour afterwards—on the Monday after, I saw Mr. Kitchen and his four sons, at Messrs. Bush and Mullins's office—it was none of them who came for the cheek-book.

COURT. Q. What was there particular about the man who came? A. Nothing remarkable; I knew Mr. Kitchen's very particular habits, and I took it for granted, when a man had got his pass-book, and applied for a check-book, that it must be his son—he was about five feet six and a half, sallow complexion, whiskers, and about twenty-seven or thirty years of age—I

identified him in the cell, when there was another with him—he was much taller, about five feet ten or eleven, and of a very different build altogether—I had described the person who got the check-book as being about five feet five and a half high.





ARTHUR PUGH
. I am clerk to Smith, Payne, and Co. I was present on 2l. 8th April, when the check-book was applied for in the name of R. B. Kitchen, and delivered to a person—I believe the prisoner is very similar to the man who applied for it—I should not like to swear to a person I only saw for a few moments—the check-book was given between eleven and half-past; and about half-past twelve or one, this check for 140l. was presented—I cashed it, and gave one 100l. note, dated oth Jan., No. 75672, and one 40l. note, 7th Feb., 60535—the check is one of those from the book given out that morning.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you see a vast number of people at your counter? A. A great number, of all complexions and sizes—I cannot say whether five feet six or seven is about an average height—I noticed that the man was less than myself.

COURT. Q. Have you any recollection of the person to whom you paid the check? A. No, not particularly—Saturday morning is usually busy, and I should not like to be positive about it—we were not busy when the book was given out—I was engaged in other business at the time, in the next division to the party who gave the book out—I noticed the person who had the book, in consequence of his announcing himself as Mr. Kitchen's son—I cannot venture positively to swear he is the man—I do not recollect to whom I paid the check.





FREDERICK THOMAS CRUSO
. I am a clerk in the Issue Department of the Bank of England, and produce the two notes from the Cancelled Department—I paid them on 21st April, between one and two—they were presented together, and paid in gold—the name of "Goodwin, 14, Kingsland-road," is on the back of them.

COURT. Q. How came they to be so endorsed? A. We always require the name and address on a note—I am not aware that the person pat that address on them in my presence.





ROBERT BETRUM KITCHEN
. I am a dyer, carrying on business at Bermondsey. I keep an account at Smith, Payne, and Smith's—I did not on 21st April send anybody there for a check-book, or authorise anybody to go—I went to the bank on that same day, about half-past three o'clock, and on looking at my pass-book I missed from it a cancelled check—the signature to this check (produced) is not my writing—I did not authorise any one to sign it—on the following Monday I was at the office of Messrs. Bush and Mullens, with my four sons; I have no more—Mr. Tessier saw them—the prisoner was not among them.

Cross-examined. Q. Nor a bit like them, is he? A. No—he is a stranger to me.

MR. TESSIER
re-examined. No one in particular had charge of the pass-book; any one that happens to be at the receive-counter—a gentleman named Richards was there, on 21st April—he is now ill—persons generally give their pass-books to a clerk of the receive-counter—the person who got the check-book might have gone to the receive-counter and given back the pass-book.





JOSEPH HEDINGTON
 (City policeman, 20). I took the prisoner into custody on the morning of 5th Sept.—I took him to the station, searched him,

and found in his coat pocket these seven blank checks and four counterfoils (produced)—they are numbered 9179—I asked if his name was M'Creeth—he said, "Yes"—I asked if he had paid a check to Mr. Wensley for 12l. 7s. 6d.—he said he did—I said there was some mistake about it, he must explain it—he said he had taken it from Messrs. Cottereil and Son, for a debt; he believed they were solicitors, but he did not know where they lived. MICHAEL HAYDON (City policeman, 21). I was with Hedington when the prisoner was taken—I asked where he lived—he said, "14, Bedford-street, Strand"—he afterwards said his right address was 4, New Exchange-court, Strand, and that the first address he gave me was wrong—he said he occupied the second-floor—I went there, and found a pocket-book, and, among other things, it contained this check (producing it), signed "Banfield Brothers"—the number is 9179—there is also a card, with" 103, Kingsland-road, "written on it in pencil, and this counterfoil of a check.

MR. MILLINGTON
re-examined. I have no doubt that all these checks came out of the book that were given to the person who came with Mr. Kitchen's pass-book—we never have two check-books with the same number,





MR. RICHARD MULLENS
. I have made inquiry as to the existence of a firm of" J. Cottereil and Son"—I have not been able to ascertain the existence of such a firm anywhere—there is a Mr. W. H. Cotterville, a solicitor, whose handwriting I know—this is not his, nor anything like it—(the check in question was signed, "J. Cottereil and Son")




GUILTY
of Uttering.
 Aged 32.—


Transported for Ten Years.

