




1963. 




MARIA LEWIS
 and 




HARRIET SMITH
 were indicted for

 stealing 8 yards of printed cotton, value 6s., the goods of 



William Noble; and that Lewis had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM NOBLE
, linen-draper, High-street, Shoreditch. About nine o'clock on Wednesday night, the 24th of July, I was in my shop—I saw this piece of print inside my doorway—I saw the prisoners just outside the door—my shop-lad was there, standing in the middle of the shop, folding up—I saw the piece of print go from the door—I called out to the lad, he ran out, and caught the two prisoners by their shawls, about three or four yards from the shop—the print was between them, they had each got part of it—Smith got away from the lad for two or three yards—he got hold of her again, and I got up in the mean time, and took the other—I gave her into custody with the print—this is my print, I know it from the mark.

Lewis. When he came up it was on the ground. Witness. You had got it in your hand.





THOMAS CONSTABLE
 (police-constable H 34.) The prisoners were given into my custody, with this print—Lewis said, in going to the station, "I did not take it, but I know who did."

Lewis's Defence. The young woman that took it came up to Hicks's-hall to give herself up; she went up to the door; I met Smith, she asked me to go and have a pint of beer; I was bidding her good bye, then the print was chucked between us; the boy came, and said we stole it; I looked up, and saw the young woman running.





WILLIAM NOBLE

re-examined. I saw no other woman running—there were several persons in the street—these prisoners were in front of the shop—I took Lewis into my shop, with the print in her possession.
(Witness for the Defence.)





ANN FULLER
. I am an unfortunate girl. I took the print from just inside Mr. Noble's shop, in Shoreditch—there were several other persons round the shop—I know Lewis, I do not know Smith—I met Lewis that evening by Whitecross-street, about half-past eight o'clock—I took the print between eight and nine—I had been in Lewis's company but was not at the time I took the print—I did not see where Lewis was when I took it, till the boy

came out—then I threw it down between them, and ran away—I did not exactly notice who I threw it between.





GEORGE TEAKLE
 (police-constable H 8.) I produce a certificate of Lewis's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

LEWIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.


SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—



Confined Three Months.

