



137. 




JOHN GALLEY
 was indicted

 (with William Anns, not in custody,) for unlawfully obtaining money by false pretences.


MR. CLARXSON
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY BILLSON
. I am assistant to George and Robert Barker, pawnbrokers, who have a shop at 91, Houndsditch, and another at 17, High-street, Aldgate—I attend at the Houndsditch shop. On 26th June the prisoner brought this box, (produced, containing a chronometer,) and asked if we took in chronometers—I told him "Yes," and asked him what he wanted on it—he said, "20l."—I said I would look at it, but that was more than we were in the habit of advancing—for any sum advanced above 10l. the Act of Parliament requires an agreement, and it is called a loan—I asked him who it was made by—he said, "Brockbanks"—I said I would take it in-doors, and show it to our managing man—I came back, and told him we could not advance more than 10l.—he said, "Oh! it is a very valuable article, and cost a great deal of money"—I went in again, and our managing man asked the prisoner to step round into a private room, which he did—we then looked at the article again, and asked him about it—I said, "This is a genuine article, I suppose?"—he said, "Oh! yes; it was bought at Brock bank's, and cost 80l."or" 80 guineas"—he was asked if it was an eight-day one—he said, "Yes"—there is an index denoting that—we do not understand them, and did not take it to pieces—I noticed this card on it, and said, "How is it this card of Mr. Carter's comes here?"—he said, "Oh! it has been lately rated by Mr. Carter"—I asked if he had a rate, and he said, "No," he had not

brought it—we then said we would make the advance 12l.—he said he could not possibly take less than 15l., and was on the point of leaving, when he said, "As you won't give more than that, I will take that"—I advanced him the 12l.—if I had known it had never been rated by Mr. Carter, was not made by Brockbank, never had cost 80l., or as many shillings, and was not an eight-day ship chronometer, I should not have lent him the money, nor if I had known what he was—previous to my advancing the money, I filled up this agreement, under the statute, and he read it over and signed it in my presence—(produced and read—"I have this day deposited with G. and R. Barker the following goods: an eight-day ship chronometer, Brockbank, 462, to be held by them as security for the payment of 12l., this day lent to me, together with interest, 15l. per cent., &c. &c. Signed, 26th June, 1849. John Galley, 24, Liverpool-street")—on 24th Oct. the prisoner came again, and brought a silver watch, which appeared to be a chronometer—it was not given me first, but afterwards was brought to the part of the shop I was in—I looked at it, and said, "Oh! this is a regular duffer; who has offered it?"—I went down to where the man was, and said to Mr. Wholstenholm, "Oh! it is the gentleman who brought the duffing chronometer"—Mr. Wholstenholm had the watch in his hand, and said, "We shall detain the watch till you take out the duffing chronometer which you left in June"—the time had then expired, it ought to have been taken away in three months—the prisoner said, "Oh! you detain my watch, do you?"—Mr. Wolstenholm said, "Yes; I shall detain it until you do something about it"—he was about leaving, and Mr. Wolstenholm said, "Before you go, write your name, that we may know who you are," and he wrote on the back of this ticket—(produced and read—"William Anns, 11, Laburnam-terrace, Kingsland—road")—Anns' person was known at our shop for years, and we should not have advanced him money on anything—I had the loan-book got out, and directly he had written it, I opened the loan-book to see what name he wrote there—I said, "You have given the name of Anns now, there, it is Galley; it is a decided fraud"—he made no answer, but left the shop, came back with a policeman, and said to him, pointing to Wolstenholme, "I give that person into custody, for detaining my watch"—I detailed the circumstances to the policeman, and he said he could not do it, he had better summons Mr. Barker before the Lord Mayor—the prisoner said: "Oh! you can't take him into custody?"—the policeman said, "Let us hear the case," and then he said, "Oh! it is a case of fraud, I should give him into custody," and the prisoner was taken—on 26th Oct. I went to 24, Liverpool-street, a coffee-shop—I did not find that the prisoner lived there—he was known as occasionally frequenting it, but had not been there for three weeks—I afterwards went to Anns' premises, 11, Labernum-terrace, Kingsland-road—I afterwards showed this chronometer to Messrs. Brockbank and Co., of Cowper's-court, Cornhill, and found it was never made by them, and afterwards to Mr. Carter, the rater, and found it never was rated by him.

Cross-examined by
MR. WOLLETT. Q. How long have you been in Mr. Barker's service? A. Seven years; he is in a large way of business—we have a number of watches in the course of the year and several chronometers, but not a great many—I believe the people in our shop are considered to be very experienced—12l. is not a small sum to advance, taking it to be a valuable chronometer—it is not a saleable thing every day—we have sold chronometers at a sale for 12l., and we have one now we can sell for 10l. 10s.—Brockbank's name is on this—our manager looked at it—perhaps the examination

lasted a quarter of an hour—we had no opportunity of making inquiry about it—we inspected it, and came to the conclusion that we could lend 12l. on it—we are not practical men—it was after a very careful examination—we always look at a thing before we buy it or lend money on it—I will not give any opinion, as to whether I am very anxious to convict in this case—we have had the watch examined, and the watchmaker says the movements are not worth 10s., it is silver—I objected to lend 5l. on it—I do not call all silver watches duffers—they are obliged to put duffing works into silver cases to make them appear gennine—this case is not particularly strong for a chronometer, it would be worth about 2l. as a chronometer—the prisoner did not say Anns was the person's name he got the chronometer from—he gave his own name as William Anns—he wrote that—he said nothing—I afterwards went to the address and found William Anns there, who I have known three years—I do not know whether the prisoner gave that to mean his own name or the man from whom he got it—no one asked him who he got the chronometer from.

MR. CLAKKSON. Q. You looked at it with such judgment as you had? A. Yes; we never had one under such circumstances before.





SAMUEL ELLIOTT ATKINS
. I belong to the firm of Atkins and Son, late Brockbank's, of Cowper's-court, Cornhill—this chronometer has "Brockbank, Cornhill, London," and "Brockbank, Cowper's-court, Cornhill, No. 462" on it—it was never made in our house, we never sent it to Mr. Carter—I should be very sorry to give 80s. for it—with the exception of the box and the materials of which it is composed, it is worth nothing at all—as a chronometer it is perfectly useless—if I had it I should not know what to do with it—this index denotes the number of days it goes without winding—upon winding it up this hand should return to the word "up," which indicates that it is fully wound up, and it would return back day by day as it ran down—there should be a wheel within, in connection with the index to operate upon it—there is a wheel inside, but it has no connection at all with the index; it is placed there for imposition more than anything, it has no connection with any part of the work—when it was left with me the hand was at the word "wind," as if it had gone down seven days—I wound it up, and the hand remained where it was—I took it out of the case, and found that it was not connected with the wheels—it went four or five hours, and lost between forty and forty-five minutes—in my judgment it was made to deceive, it has no chronometical properties about it—the dial is similar to ours—I have looked at the watch, it is something of the same character—there is no other firm of Brockbank and Co.

Cross-examined. Q. How many persons have you in your establishment? A. Five; we are not frequently changing hands—I have been there twenty years and there has been only one change, that was seven years ago, and that man discharged himself—I cannot swear none of our workmen made this chronometer—I have frequently seen watches with our name on them which have not been our make—it never happened to us that our workmen made watches with the firm's name on them—the watch has a pretty strong silver case, the name of Stafford is on it—I never saw or heard of him—I should call it a very vile imitation of a chronometer—it is valueless to me—I should be very sorry to give 5l. for it—I should say it would be an extravagant price—it is difficult for me to say what it is worth, it is totally out of my way.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Of course these duffing articles would find no circulation unless the outside case was silver? A. No.






JOHN CARTER
. I am a chronometer-maker oft' Cornhill, and am in the habit of rating chronometers—I have had great experience in it—my attention has been called to this chronometer, and the card in the box—it is one of my cards, I do not know how it got into the box—I never rated it—it is valueless, and utterly incapable of being rated—that which pretends to be an index is altogether fraudulent.

MR. WOOLLETT to HENRY BILLSON. Q. You saw Anns? A. Yes; he didnot say it was his chronometer; he said, "I suppose you want your money back?—it was left for me, we must settle it."

MR. CLARKSON. Q. If Anns had come himself, he would not have succeeded in getting any money? A. No; I had known him ten years—I knocked at the door, and one of the daughters, I believe, opened it—I saw Anns, and he said, "Oh, what the devil are you up to in stopping that watch?"—I said, "I have come to say nothing about any watch, I have merely come to ask you a question"—he said, "Come in," and said, "I suppose you want your money back for the chronometer that was left for me? I suppose we had better settle it? are you going to have me to-night"—I said, "I have come to say nothing about it at all; I have merely come to ask you a question, when you allow me to do so"—he said, "Sit down, what will you have, wine or brandy, or what?"—I said, "No, thank you"—he went on a lot about it, and said, "As to that chap Galley, I will stick to him tooth and nail if it cost me 100,000l."—I said, I had merely come to ask him a question.





WILLIAM ENGLAND BARREN
. I am assistant to Messrs. Barker, at the Aldgate shop. About three o'clock one day in Aug., a man came to our shopbe came again two hours after with Anns, and I believe he produced the same chronometer in a handkerchief—I said, "Anns, I am glad to see you come with that man, for he has been before with a chronometer, and seeing you with with him I know it is not a genuine article"—Anns said, "Oh, never mind, I have stuck one into your other house with old Tom for 12l."

Cross-examined. Q. You do not know the other man? A. No; I should know him if I saw him.




GUILTY
.** Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.

