




1008. 




WILLIAM WYNN
 and 




JULIA HIGGINS
 were indicted for

 feloniously assaulting 



Marshall Jones, putting him in fear, &c., and stealing from his person 3 keys, value 2s; 1 coat-pocket, 1s; 1 pencil, 6d; and beating, striking, and using other personal violence to him.


MR. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.






MARSHALL JONES.
 I am a carpenter, and live at Black-horse-yard, Rathbone-place. On 21st March, about one o'clock in the night, I was going home along Oxford-street, and saw a female twelve or eighteen yards before me—when I got opposite Dean-street a man took hold of me, and pinioned my arms behind me—the female who was in front of me then turned back, and attempted to search my pocket—two or three men came up—I saw one on my right, one on my left, and, I think, one or two behind me—they searched my waistcoat and side pockets—I felt the women's hands about me, but am not certain they were in my pocket, but some of the men had their hands in my pocket—the prisoner Higgins is the women, and Wynn is the man I saw on my right side I am certain—after hustling my pockets, as they could not succeed in getting their hands into my pocket at first, I was struck in the face—I cannot say whether Wynn struck me—Higgins did not—they all went away towards St. Giles's—I was getting up off the ground, having been thrown down by the party who were searching my pockets—some of the party came back and kicked me—I believe it was the male prisoner—he said "The old b—, you have plenty of money, and we will have some of it"—I will not swear it was him—I am sure he was one of the three men—he did not search me then—I afterwards gave information to the police, went with the policeman to a house in Church-lane, and picked out the prisoners as two of the party—Wynn was in the house, Higgins came up stairs afterwards, and I identified her—I was taken to the hospital, and then I missed three keys, ✗ pencil, and some halfpence—my pocket was gone—I had been at the Mischief public-house, in Oxford-street, the evening before, and saw Wynn at the front of the bar—I am certain of him—the pocket produced is mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. How long had you been drinking at the Load of Mischief? A. Ten minutes or a quarter of an hour—I drank

gin-and-water—I called at another house at the corner—I was at two public-houses that night—I was a little the worse for liquor—I was sober enough to identify the prisoners, and will swear they are the parties—if I say I drank half-a-pint of gin, that is more than I did have—I had no rum or brandy—I had a pint of beer about four o'clock, and the gin-and-water at ten—I had nothing between four and ten except tea—I told the policeman they had not got the blunt—I had 1l 8s in my pocket—I had a hole in my pocket, and it got down inside—when I went to the house in Church-lane, Wynn got up to open the door—I did not say I merely thought he was one of the persons, I said he was one of them—I had not first given another female in charge—Higgins did not come up to me and say "You are drunk"—I did not them let the girl go, and then take Higgins—there were several girls in the room—I saw the persons at Church-lane an hour, or an hour and a half after I had been on the ground—it was not nearly three hours—I believe the prisoners were at the station by a quarter to four o'clock—I gave information before that when I was at the Hospital, and went to Church-lane as soon as I returned from there—I should say it was about four o'clock when the policeman got to the station, which is not far from Church-lane—I do not remember the policeman picking me up.

COURT
Q. You saw Wynn in the public-house before you were robbed, had he the opportunity of seeing the 1l 8s? A. He had an opportunity of seeing me with silver—he saw I had money I am certain.





JOHN MURRELL
 (police-constable C 50.) On 22nd March, about one o'clock, I was on duty, and heard a cry of "police"—I went and found Jones lying across the middle of the carriage road, bleeding from his temple—I lifted him up—he was speechless for a minute or two—when he recovered, he said, "I have got the blunt all right"—I took him to the hospital—got his head dressed, and went with him to a house in Church-lane—Bingham went up stairs with him—I stopped below—on the way to the station, the prisoners both said they had not been in Oxford-street—about four o'clock in the morning, I picked up a packet at the spot where I had found Jones lying.

COURT.
Q. Was Jones drunk or sober? A. He might have been confused by the blow, but I should say he had been drinking.





HENRY BINGHAM
 (police-constable E 53.) On 21st March, about one o'clock, I saw the prisoners together at the end of Oxford-street—I had seen✗ them in the Crown public-house, Crown-street, several times before that—I saw them come out of that house, with twelve or fourteen men—about a quarter to four o'clock, from information, I went with Jones to a house in Church-lane—he there identified Wynn the moment he saw him—we looked round three rooms, there were four more females, one was very drunk—just as Jones got out on the landing, Higgins came up stairs on to the landing, he identified her directly he saw her—both the prisoners denied having been in Oxford-street at all.

Cross-examined. Q. What did Higgins say, before Jones said she was the person? A. I did not hear her say anything, he did not charge another young women first—one women sat there very drunk—I roused her up for him to look at her, but he did not charge her—I did not hear Higgins come up, and say to Jones, "You are drunk," or hear him them say, "You are the person who robbed me"—I will not swear it did not pass—I will swear he charged no one but her.

WYNN—


GUILTY. Aged 19.

HIGGINS—


GUILTY.. Aged 18
✗



Transported for Ten Years.

