



1884. 




JAMES GADD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
28th of July, at 
St. Mary Stratford, Bow. 1 watch, value 10s.; 2 breast-pins, 1l.;4 sovereigns; and 7 £5 notes; the goods and monies of 



William Charles Spring, in the dwelling-house of 



James Hulme.


MR. WILDE
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES HULME
. I am landlord of the Clay Hall public-house, at Old Ford. It is my dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. Mary, Stratford, Bow—the prisoner used to be pccasionally at my house—Mr. Spring has a bed-room at my house—on Monday the 28th of July, about eleven or twelve o'clock at night, I went outside the house to fasten the garden gate, and saw a glimmering light in Mr. Spring's room—I knew there had no business to be a light there at that time, and felt alarmed—I went in-doors and alarmed my sister and Mr. Spring—they went up stairs—I went to the foot of the stairs, and there stopped—I saw the prisoner coming down the stairs—I asked him what he was doing there, or what he was about—he said he wanted to go to the water-closet—I said, "Have you not been into Mr. Spring's room?—he said, "Yes, Mr. Spring sent me—with that I allowed him to pass, supposing all to be right, on his way to the water-closet at the back of the house—I saw him no more till he was apprehended—he could not get from the back of the premises without getting over a wall or a high railing—I afterwards went into Mr. Spring's room with Mr. Spring and my sister—I discovered a strong smell of burning, and a good deal of smoke in the room—I then looked about the room, and perceived different parts of the ashes of paper

recently burnt—Mr. Spring went to a desk in the room—he made no remark, but directly went out of the house, finding, I apprehend, that he was robbed.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. What time of the night might this have been? A. Something about twelve o'clock—I had been in and out of the skittle-ground occasionally—there were four or five parties playing there—they came into the parlour for refreshment—I had one, or it may be two lodgers at that time—they were in the house at the time—the house had not been cleared of all the parties—there was no one upstairs—we have no public-room upstairs—there was only one party below, consisting of five persons—Mr. Spring's room looks over the garden, towards the skittle-ground at the back of the house—it is on the first floor—there is no second floor—there is a room adjoining his—a light in that room would not show through Mr. Spring's window—there is a wall between the two rooms—they do not open into each other, but into a passage—the doors are not opposite each other—it must have been a very large light, to show from the passage through Mr. Spring's window—the prisoner had lodged at my house perhaps a month or six weeks—he used to come there occasionally, perhaps twice in the week—there would have been nothing unusual in his sleeping there that night—Mr. Spring and my sister had got up into the room a few minutes before me—they got up the stairs before the prisoner came down—the prisoner had to pass the door of Mr. Spring's room to get to his own room—the water-closet is in the garden, out at the back door—if he had been up to his room, and had occasion to go to the water-closet, he would be coming down as he was—I do not, of my own knowledge, know that he had been in Mr. Spring's room in the morning.

MR. WILDE. Q. Could you tell from the smoke and appearance of the paper whether the burning had been recent? A. It had every appearance of the kind.





WILLIAM CHARLES SPRING
. I am a builder, lodging with Mr. Hulme. On Saturday, the 26th of July, I had a sum of money for the purpose of paying my men—on the Monday, at eleven o'clock in the morning, I put some of the notes into my writing-desk—there were eight 5l. Bank of England notes, seven in one place, and one was folded in an envelope, and put under some papers, for the purpose of paying a bill—I afterwards went to Sydenham—I returned about eleven on the Monday night—I then went to my desk, and placed four sovereigns on the seven notes—they were then safe, exactly as I had left them in the morning—I locked my desk, and came down stairs—I had also a pair of gold shirt-pins, in a piece of paper, there—I did not see them in the evening—I did not look for them—there was another desk in the room, containing a silver hunting-watch—the key was in that desk—I saw that safe about eight o'clock on the Monday morning, not afterwards—I did not see the prisoner that night—I had seen him in the morning about half-past eleven—he then said he was going to work at Mr. Adams's factory, at Fairfield, in the afternoon, and asked if I would lend him 1s., and he would pay me at the end of the week—he said he owed Mr. Hulme a few shillings, and he had no doubt he would allow him to keep on to the end of the week—in consequence of something I heard from Gardener, I thought it necessary to lock my room door in the early part of Monday—I saw nothing more of the prisoner till he was apprehended—I did not send him to my room that night, nor at any part of the day.


Cross-examined. Q. Was it in your bed-room that you gave him the 1s. that morning? A. Yes—I have employed him to drive a horse and cart for me—there are five or six rooms on the same floor with mine—two other lodgers were living there at the time—a bricklayer was one—he is still living in the neighbourhood—the adjoining room to mine was a general bed-room, containing four beds—no one lodged there—I went into my own room first when I went up stairs with Miss Hulme—I saw no one in the adjoining room—Miss Hulme had a light—I did not go into any of the other rooms then—the burnt papers were parts of penny pamphlets—I have not seen any of the property since—it was about half-past twelve o'clock when my attention was called to my desk—I had not seen it since eleven—I went out at eleven, and returned about half-past—I found four or five persons in the skittle-ground then—there was no one in the par-lour—my bed-room window is about ten or eleven feet from the ground—I did not leave my door locked at eleven—I left the key in it—I cannot say whether I left it open or not.

JURY. Q. Is there any lean-to at the back of the house, by which any one could get in from the skittle-ground? A. Not very probable—the desk was broken—the lock had been prised out of its situation with nails—I went into the adjoining room, and saw no one there—I did not search—the prisoner has occasionally worked for his father, who is a blacksmith.

MR. WILDE. Q. Had you at any time opened your desk before him? A. Never that I am aware of, nor taken money from it in his presence.

MR. HULME
re-examined. I did not go into the adjoining room—the bricklayer remained at my house a fortnight afterwards.





FREDERICK ROXBURG GARDENER
. I am an apprentice, lodging at Mr. Hulme's. On Monday morning, the 28th of July, about nine o'clock or half-past, I saw the prisoner run out of Mr. Spring's bed-room—I asked what he wanted there—he said he wanted a bit of string to do up his boot—I told Mr. Spring.

Cross-examined. Q. There are a number of rooms opening into this passage, are there not? A. No—there is one at the end—there is a room near Mr. Spring's, with four beds in it—I saw the prisoner run out from inside Mr. Spring's doorway—I was coming up stairs at the time—he was entirely in the room—the door was wide open, and, as I saw him, so he ran out—I was about the middle of the stairs—I saw him plainly, and will swear he was inside the jamb of the door—I did not see any string in his hand.





WILLIAM BECKLEY
 (police-constable D 158.) In consequence of information, I took the prisoner into custody on the 12th or 13th of Aug., in John-street, Edgware-road—I told him what I took him for—I held out no inducement for him to tell me anything—next morning, going to the Police-court, he asked me what I thought would come of it—I said it was impossible for me to say, it was a very serious thing—he said Mr. Spring had accused him wrong, he had only taken five 5l. notes and two sovereigns, and not seven 5l. notes and four sovereigns; he only had 27l. in the whole.

Cross-examined. Q. Does his mother live in the neighbourhood? A. She does, not far from where I took him—when I took him I told him I wanted him for robbing a person of some 5l. notes and gold at Bow—I did not then recollect the prosecutor's name—he said I must be mistaken—I

was a police-constable, and she was charged with selling some paper told him I was not, and took him to the station—that was about half-past ten o'clock at night—it was between nine and ten next morning that I took him to the office—I had no conversation with him in the mean time—he commenced the conversation, and I did not say a word to him—I had known the prosecutor's name previously, and I went and fetched him directly I took the prisoner into custody—this confession was after he had been charged—I had had no communication with the prosecutor besides fetching him—his words were, "I only took five 5l. notes and two sovereigns," and not seven 5l. notes and four sovereigns—information of the robbery had been lodged at our station a fortnight previously—I apprehended the prisoner from the description then given.

JURY. Q. Had you any difficulty in finding him? A. Yes—I had missed him from the neighbourhood for about two months—I found on him a watch and other property, and a letter from a cousin at Bath, which led me to go to Bath—the prisoner has an uncle there, in very good circumstances.




GUILTY
.† Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.

