



1882. 



WALTER WHEELER



 was indicated for forging and uttering an order for the payment if 1l; with intent to defraud 



Edward Majoribanks and others; other COUNTS, to defraud 




Edward, Baron Skelmersdale.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






FREDERICK MCKENZIE GAUGE.
 I am a clerk in Messrs. Courts' bank, Edward Majoribanks is one of the partners, and there are others—Lord Skelmersdale keeps an account at our house—this check for 1l. ( looking at it) was presented by Triphook, and was paid—another check similar to this was presented afterwards by him, and he was detained.





WILLIAM TRIPHOOK.
 I am in the service of Mr. Findlay, a portrait-painter in the Strand—he has a brother a tailor at Birmingham—on the 8th if July I presented this check for payment, and received 1l. for it, which I gave to my employer—on a Saturday, about a month ago, I went with another check of a similar kind; I was then told they were forgeries and was detained.





JOHN LIPTROTT FINDLEY.
 I am a tailor and draper, and live in Monmouth-street, Birmingham. In the beginning of July the prisoner came to my shop, and selected a coat and trowsers—he requested the coat should be put by and left a shilling on it—the trowsers he wanted to take away—they came to 6s. 6d.—he tendered in payment this check for 1l., purporting to be drawn by Lord Skelmersdale—he indorsed this one the back of it, "Pay to Mr. Findley, C. Wheeler"—from the smallness of the amount I suspected it was not genuine, and I said it was not regular to take these things in business, but if he would leave it I would remit it to my brother—he agreed to that at once, and he showed me this letter enclosed in an envelope—he called on the Saturday evening afterwards, took the trowsers, and I paid him the balance, 11s. 6d.

Prisoner. Q. Was there any objection on my part when I brought the cheek, to give my address? A. Not the slightest—it was my proposition

that you should indorse it, and you agreed to it—I did not sufficiently examine it to know whether the indorsement and the body of the check are the same writing—I sent it up to my brother to get it cashed—I believe your address was found to be correct—I made no enquiry as to who or what you were—I had a young man in my employ who went by the name of Frederick, he is not here.

LORD SKELMERSDALE. I keep an account at Messrs. Coutts'—I have been in the habit of drawing checks for small sums in case of charity—I never saw this check till the day before yesterday—it is not my writing—I never authorized any one to write it—the prisoner received an annual subscription from me for a society of which he was secretary—this note is my writing—I have no recollection of when I wrote it—I sent 1l. to Mr. Wheeler—this envelope is my writing—it was directed to Mr. Wheeler, and has been altered to Mrs. Wheeler.

Prisoner. Q. Has your lordship known anything detrimental to my character during the seventeen years I have belonged to that society? A. No.





JOHN NULT SAYER.
 I am a printer—I have known the prisoner seventeen years—I cannot say that I have seen him write—I may have done so—I have corresponded with him, and have acted on communication from him in writing—I believe this check to be his handwriting—there are characters in it which very much resemble his writing, this L, the W, and w and b—I should not able to say it was his writing positively, but for the reason I have given, and the general character of the writing, I believe it to be his.

Prisoner. Q. In what way did you become a witness? A. The inspector came to me and asked if I could recognize your writing—I said, yes, because yours was a very peculiar hand—he showed me some papers, and asked if they were yours—I said, "Yes," I should not swear that these checks were your writing—I do not expect any reward for attending here—I was summoned before the magistrate, and was bound to appear here.





JOSEPH THOMPSON
 (policemen 62 F.) I took the prisoner at Burmingham on the 7th of July—he said it was not a forgery, he should be able to make it all right.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not ask for a person named Wheeler, and did I not say I was the person? A. Yes, I went down to Birmingham on the Saturday, and I went to you on the Tuesday—the reason of the delay from Saturday till Tuesday was, that Mr. Findley had mislaid your address, and I ascertained it afterwards at the election committee-room—you first requested me to accompany you to Mr. Findley's—you asked me to go before the Mayor and magistrates, and said you should exonerate yourself—I refused to go before the Mayor—you asked me for my warrant—I said I had none—you went to the Windsor Castle Inn, and called a man named "Dan," and said to him, "You saw me receive the parcel?" and he said, "Yes"—you said, "You saw me cut the parcel, and there were some clothes in it"—he said, "Yes"—I said to the man, "Did you see a check in it?"—ha said, "No"—I said, "That don't assist you much, Wheeler; I told you I had no power to take you before the Magistrate."

MR. BODKIN.
Q. You were sent down from London to apprehend him? A. Yes—I went down a private dress, and said something about the election—the prisoner was a sergeant in the police force at the commencement of the force.


Prisoner's Defence. I am the victim of a conspiracy which I may call secret; I wrote to Mr. Alderson in London, and said, there was the annual money due from his lordship, and other money that I had the collecting of; and he said if I sent the receipt the money would be forwarded; I sent the recepts and received back in an envelope these two checks for 1l. each; I went to the banker's and asked them to cash them; they said they would not for that small amount, but any tradesman would; I then went to Mr. Findlay's, and left one check for a week; it was honoured, and then I called and presented the other, and that was refused—I deny the forgery but admit uttering the checks; his lordship has known me seventeen years, the person I sent the receipt to, sent me the checks, and the officer has taken no steps to find him; the man has absconded; I am the victim through that man, who I consider perpetrated the forgery.

LORD SKELMERSDALE
re-examined. I was not indebted to the prisoner—I cannot how long the society to which he was secretary, ceased.
(Samuel Ware, Esq., gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
of uttering
. 



Transported for seven Years


