



1873. 




WILLIAM HALL
 was indicted

 for that he, on the 
25th of June, at 

St. James, Westminster, about the hour of one in the night, being in the dwelling-house of 



Elizabeth Girle, did steal therein 2 coats, value 1l. 15s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 8s.; I waistcoat, value 7s.; 1 pair of boots, value 7s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 3s.; 1 sovereign, 1 half-sovereign, 1 half-crown, 2 shillings, and 3 sixpences; the property of 



John Clarke; and afterwards burglariously did break out of the same dwelling-house.






JOHN CLARKE
. I was on my way from Norfolk to Dublin, and on the 25th of June I stopped at a lodging-house kept by Elizabeth Girle, at No. 5, Little Portland-street, which is in the parish of St. James, Westminster, I believe—I went to bed about one o'clock—I was awoke about two by a

policeman, who showed me some of my clothes in a bundle—they had been on a chair at the foot of my bed when I went to bed, and I had worn them that day—an old pair of shoes were left behind—I do not know how any body got in.





ELIZABETH GIRLE
. About two o'clock in the morning the policeman knocked very heavily at my door—I got up and found the prisoner in the passage, with a pilot-coat on, and the policeman with the prosecutor's things—his room-door was wide open, and all his clothes gone—I lost nothing—I never saw the prisoner before.





DAVID CHANDLER
. I am a policeman. On the 26th of June, about two o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner come out of the street door of No. 5, Little Portland-street, with a parcel—I asked where he was going with that parcel so early in the morning—he said he was going to the gardens—I stopped him, and examined the parcel—became out into the street—I followed him and saw another constable bring him back—I knocked the landlady up—the parcel contained the articles now produced—I also found in the pocket of the pilot-coat which he was wearing, one sovereign, half a sovereign, one half-crown, two shillings, and three sixpences.





JOHN CLARKE

re-examined. I lost one sovereign, one half-sovereign, one half-crown, two shillings, and three sixpences—it was in the pilot-coat pocket—the clothes now produced are all mine.

Prisoner's Defence. I was intoxicated at the time; a man told me to come for the things; he wrapped them up for me; I stood inside the cup-board; he then told me to stand outside the room door; he gave me the things while the man was in bed; he told me to put on the pilot-coat, and to meet him in Covent-garden.
(Mary Langlois, the prisoner's landlady, deposed to his good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.
