



1288. 




JOHN THOMPSON
, was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of Feb., 1 coat, value 30s.; and 1 handkerchief, 2s., the goods of 




John William Carrington.






JOHN WILLIAM CARRINGTON
. I am a dentist, and live in High-street, St. Giles. On the 21st of Feb., about one o'clock, the prisoner and two companions came into the shop—one of his companions requested to have a tooth extracted—I examined his mouth, and found no tooth that wanted extracting, but he fixed on one in the lower jaw—I saw it was quite sound, but he said he would have it out—I walked with him back into the surgery to take it out—the prisoner and the other man went with him into the surgery—I set the patient in a chair to perform the operation, and immediately opposite

was another chair, on the back of which was my coat—the prisoner passed to the chair where the coat was, and as I was performing the operation my back was towards him—as I applied the instrument to the man's tooth he slipped out of the chair—I set him up, and attempted again, and he served me the same trick again—I set him up a third time, and the tooth came out—while this was doing, the prisoner stood by the chair where the coat was, and his companion who was tried last sessions took the coat away, but I know the prisoner must have taken the coat, and passed it to the other man—in a few minutes after the companion of the prisoner left, and then the poor man who had lost the tooth rinsed his mouth, and paid me 6d. and left—I followed him to the door, and saw him cross—I then went back to the surgery and missed the coat—I had seen the coat when I showed the man into the surgery—I am sure the prisoner was one of the men.





ANN KEALL
. I saw the prisoner and his companions go into the prosecutor's shop—one of them wanted his tooth extracted—I am positive the prisoner was one of the others.

Prisoner. Q. What is it you swear to me by? A. I swear you are the man—you have a mark on your face under your eye, which I noticed at the time—you were joking about the tooth, and told him not to take his head off instead of the tooth—you are the man that came into the shop.





WILLIAM BAKER
 (police-constable E 108.) I gave information, and the prisoner was apprehended in the City—I took the other man into custody from the description—I had seen the prisoner in company with the other two, and when I took the other man, which was about a quarter to one o'clock, on the next morning after the robbery, the prisoner and another man were with him.

Prisoner. Q. How were we in company? A. You were on the same side as Hurry was when I took him—there were a great many prostitutes and thieves, but you three were together in High-street, just before you come to the Rookery—I was waiting for another constable to take you all three, but he did not come—I took Hurry, and you ran away—I have been in pursuit of you ever since.





GEORGE RUSSELL
 (City police-constable, No. 234.) I took the prisoner to Guildhall Justice-room, from the description of Baker—he said he could prove he was at some other place.

Prisoner. I was at work at my mother's the day the robbery was committed.




GUILTY
.† Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.

