





1738. 




RICHARD ROWLEY,



 DAVID BARRY
, and 




SAMUEL LILEY
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
11th of June, 2 metal cocks, value 5s.; and 1 foot of leaden pipe, value 1s.; the goods of 



Richard Stapleton and another; and fixed to a certain building; and that Rowley had been before convicted of felony.






JOSEPH WALKER
 (police-constable D 5.) I stopped the prisoners on the 11th of June, in Northwharf-road, Paddington—they were in company—

Barry was carrying a bundle—Lilly had a bag with 18lbs. weight of iron in it—I saw nothing on Rowley—I asked Rowley if he had got anything, he said, "No"—I touched him, and this pipe fell from under his smock frock, and I found these two cocks on him—I found the owner of the property—this pipe has been cut from the wall, and from the ball-cock on Mr. Stapleton's wharf, which is about one hundred yards from where I took the prisoners.





THOMAS WORLEY
. I live in North Wharf-road, in the house from which this property was taken—it belongs to Mr. Richard Stapleton and another. On the morning of the 12th of June I got up and missed the cock and this lead, and the water was all let about the yard—I know this property—I have used it many times—this iron was taken from the same house, just inside the door, and these rags were taken from the same place—they were found on Barry.

Rowley's Defence. I was coming down the North-road at half-past ten o'clock at night—Barry gave me the things, and said be would give me 6d. to carry them.

Barry's Defence. I am guilty of the rags, but not of the lead—Row-ley said he kicked his foot against that.

Liley's Defence. I did not know he had the pipe—he gave me the iron.





JOSEPH WALKER

re-examined. I stopped the prisoners about eleven o'clock at night, but they had been stopped by another officer at a quarter-past ten, about ten minutes walk from the prosecutor's, and they had nothing with them.





THOMAS TRINGHAM
 (police-constable B 18.) I produce a certificate of Rowley's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.

ROWLEY**—


GUILTY
. Aged 16—


Transported for Seven Years.

BARRY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.

LILEY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 11.





Confined Six Months.
