




2467. 



DAVID PRICE
 and 



WALTER JAMES SUNTER



, for a robbery on 



William Nunn, putting him in fear, and stealing from his person 1 watch, value 3l., and 1 chain, value 1s., his goods.


MR. THOMPSON
conducted the Prosecution.





WILLIAM NUNN
. On Sunday night, 22nd Oct., I was in Tower-street, Westminster-road—Price came up to me and said, "How are you?"—I said, "Very well, how are you?"—he said, "Who would have thought of seeing you here"—I said, "I don't know that any one did"—he said, "Thomas, you certainly know me"—I said, "No; nor you don't know me; nor I don't want to have anything to say to you"—he directly put his hand to my pocket—I put my hand to my trowsers pocket, and five or six came round me, and one of them snatched my watch from my pocket—I heard the guard snap from my neck—when I came to myself a little from the struggle, Sunter had got hold of my stock, and shoved me backwards against the rail, and Price was standing by the side of him.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. What time was this? A. Half-past eleven at night—I am not married—I had not been talking to any one before this occurrence took place—I was walking by myself to the best of my knowledge—I had not been in company with some women just previously—I swear I was not outside a public-house speaking to some women—I never saw either of the prisoners before that night—there might be a good many men in the street—there were five or six round me—I will not swear there were not a dozen round me—it was not very dark, nor yet light—I had had part of a pot of beer in the Oxford Arms, in the same road in which I was robbed—I did

not go into more than one public-house—I cannot tell what time I went into the public-house—I was not there above twenty minutes.

COURT. Q. Were you sober? A. Yes; I am able to swear that these are the men that robbed and assaulted me—it was not a quarter of a minute after my watch was taken that the prisoners were taken by Mr. Watts.





HENRY HOLLYMAN
. On that night I was in Tower-street, Westminster-road about a quarter past twelve o'clock—I was about three yards on this side of the Oxford Anns—I heard a female call out, "Thomas!"—I turned and it was to Sunter she said, "Tom, mind the hole"—I saw Price speak to the prosecutor—he said, "Tom, how are you?"—he said, "I know nothing of you"—I turned down a street, and heard a scuffle—I came back and saw Sunter had got the prosecutor up against the fence, and a man and woman ran by me—Mr. Watts took Sunter, and he said he knew nothing about it.

Price. When I put my hand to the prosecutor's pocket, why did he not give me in charge?





WILLIAM NUNN

re-examined. Because I was so confounded—I had not two girls under my arm—I had no girls that night.





HENRY HOLLYMAN

re-examined. When I saw the prosecutor in the first instance he had one woman leaning on his arm.





JOEL WATTS
. I live in Battersea-fields. On Sunday week I was returning home with my nephew, William Nunn, and a man and a woman—I was twenty yards a head of them—I heard my nephew call out for assistance—I went back and saw the two prisoners had hold of him—I collared them both and held them till a policeman came—I gave them in charge.

Prices Defence. I am innocent; this gentleman said, "Have you seen any one come this way?" I said, "No;" I came across the road; I was just going home; I saw the prosecutor come out with two females; I went and had half a quartern of gin and was going home; I was standing at the corner half a minute and heard a row; I ran down the street and saw the prosecutor bustling about; I made answer to him, "What is the matter, Thomas?" he said, "What is that to you? I will give you in charge"—I said, "It is time enough when I have done anything."
(Henry Crook, a builder;——Parson, a smith and engineer; and Walter Hirris, a bookbinder, gave Sunter a good character).

PRICE—


GUILTY
.

SUNTER—


GUILTY
.





Transported for Seven Years.

