



1248. 



JOHN WILLIAM ROBERTS



, feloniously forging and uttering an order for the payment of 2l., with intent to defraud 



John Taylor and others.—Other COUNTS, with intent to defraud 



John Marshall.


MR. HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN MARSHALL
. I am a cheesemonger, in Cannon-street, City. Mr. Long is a customer of mine—I knew the prisoner as his clerk—on 18th May he brought me this check, which I cashed for him—he said Mr. Long bad given it to him for his own use, but it was too late for the bankers, that he was going out fishing next day, and he should be glad if I would change it for him, as it was a holiday next day—I paid it away; it came back to roe as a forgery, and I gave it to Storey the policeman—I have lost the 2l.—I had previously cashed two or three checks for the prisoner (looking at two dated 1 st March and 12th May)—I have no distinct recollection of these, but I have very little doubt that they have passed through my hands; they were not returned to me.

Cross-examined by
MR. WOOLLETT. Q. How tear do you live to Mr. Long? A. About 800 or 400 yards—I have known the prisoner about two

years—I have perhaps cashed four or five checks for him during the last six months—I should not have cashed this check if I had not known him as Mr. Long's clerk—I do not think I have ever cashed a check of Mr. Long's for any one but the prisoner.





JOHN STOREY
 (City-policeman, 414). I took the prisoner into custody, I produce the check, which I got from Mr. Marshall.





WALTER SEARLEY LONG
. I am a solicitor, in Laurence Pountney-lane. The prisoner has been in my service as clerk for sixteen or eighteen month—I am not in the habit of paying my tradesmen through the prisoner br checks—I generally draw checks for the office and for the house; they would frequently pass through the prisoner's hands—this check is not m; writing; I know nothing of it—I believe all these seven checks to be in tic prisoner's writing, but disguised—none of them are my writing, nor written by my authority—these checks have been extracted from two books; thej are differently numbered—I find that five have been wholly extracted from one book, and two are missing from another, which I cannot account for—I kept my check-book locked in a drawer in my office, the key of which was invariably in my pocket—the prisoner had no key of it—the book from which the five checks were extracted, I left for two or three hours on a desk before I put it into the drawer, and he might then have had an opportunity of getting them.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you never paid your tradesmen through tot prisoner? A. I have, but never such small amounts as these—I never drew a check for tradesmen or general disbursements under 5l.; I have done so sometimes, but not for the office—I have two clerks; I had no extra clerks while the prisoner was with me—I cannot say when it was I left my checkbook out for two hours; it was the same day I brought it from my banker's; it was about a quarter-past two o'clock—the prisoner had no regular time to go to his dinner—I recollect his being at the office at that time, for I put the check-book on a desk opposite to where he was sitting—these are very good imitations of my handwriting—one or two of the checks I can swear positively to be in the prisoner's writing, and the others I believe to be his—I believe the one in question to be his, but I would not positively swear it; it is more disguised—all these checks have been paid by the bankers, and passed to my account, except this one, which was refused at the bank under my direction not to pay any further checks without they had a private mark—I fill up my checks myself—I have never accused any of my other clerks of forgery; I discovered once that a clerk of mine had robbed me of 2l.; I placed that matter in the hands of Storey, the officer, and he recovered the money—I did not prosecute him; his father replaced the money next day—I discharged him.

MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. Look at your check-book; do you see any date on the counterfoils there? A. Yes; I have no doubt the first check was drawn either the day I received it, or the day after; that is about 1st May-five of these forged checks are dated subsequently to 1st May, and they bear the same numbers as those I lost—I did not give the check in question to the prisoner, nor did 1 give him a holiday about that time to go out fishing.

MR. WOOLLETT. Q. Have you ever paid the prisoner his wages by check? A. Never; I paid him his salary every week, not by check.





HENRY SAMUEL HALL
. I am a clerk, at the Commercial Bank of London; Mr. John Taylor and others are the partners of that bank—Mr. Long keeps an account there—four of these checks were presented there for payment—I believe I paid some of them to the prisoner.

(----Bushnell, tailor, 48, Glbson-street, Waterloo-road;----Cushion, optician, 50, Dean-street, Soho; and Henry Harwick, an officer of the Palace-court; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
of Uttering.
—



Transported for Ten Years.

