



1458. 




JOHN BROWN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
19th of April, 14 waistcoats, value 2l. 12s.; 6 jackets, value 1l. 1s.; and 2 holland coats, value 9s.; the goods of 



Josiah Lowe—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
Wm. Buck.






WILLIAM BUCK
. I live in Spitalfields, and am employed at No. 3, Minories, by Mr. Josiah Lowe, who lives at Stoke Newington. On the

19th of April I had three brown-paper parcels on my truck, which I was drawing up the yard of the Greyhound, public-house, in King-street, Smithfield, and in less than two minutes one parcel was taken from the truck—I proceeded down the yard in search of the parcel—I met the witness Ingham and asked him something, and went after the things, but have never found them—the witness pointed out the prisoner to me in about two minutes after I had lost the parcel, and I took him into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you seen the parcel packed up? A. I packed it myself—I know it contained waistcoats and jackets—the prisoner was pointed out to me just as he was turning the corner of King-street into Smithfield—I was going down the yard—I did not go down all the way before I missed the parcel—on missing the parcel I came up the yard again, and spoke to somebody who pointed out the prisoner to me—he was walking down West-street when I apprehended him—I followed him down there, took him by the collar, and brought him to the corner of the street—he then resisted me—I held him till the policeman came—he tried to dash my head against the stones—he was walking pretty quick—I did not see any parcel—he did not come out of the yard or pass me.





GEORGE INGHAM
. I am a straw-hat manufacturer, and live in Wellington-street, Goswell-street. I was walking down King-street, Smithfield, and saw the prisoner coming out of the Greyhound yard with a brown-paper parcel under his arm—I saw him pass it over to another man who was waiting at the corner—he wrapped it up in a blue baize wrapper, and they walked across the road together—they saw that I was noticing them—I crossed the road—Buck came out of the yard—I gave him information—I am positive the prisoner is the person that took the parcel, I noticed him so particularly.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you going along on your own business? A. I was—I had never seen him before to my knowledge—I do not know what became of the man with the parcel—he must have run into some of the courts or places about there.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.
