




750. 




JOHN YOUNG
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
18th of Jan., 1 a watch, value 10l.; I watch-key, 3d.; and I watch-ribbon, 3d.; the goods of 



Frederick Henry Ridley, in his dwelling-house: and 





WILLIAM SCOTT



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.: and that Scott had been before convicted of felony.






LOUISA HOWES
. I am servant to Mr. Frederick Henry Ridley, of Broomfield-row, Maida-hill, Paddington. I saw Young about a quarter past twelve o'clock on the morning of the 18th of Jan., in my master's scullery—I did not know him before—he was not dressed as a butcher, but he had a page's jacket on, and a piece of beef in a butcher's tray, which had not been ordered—he left the beef in the scullery—I said, "This is not for here"—he said, "It is"—I asked where he brought it from, and he mentioned a name which I cannot recollect—I left him in the scullery, and went to the dining-room to ask my mistress about it—I came back in about two minutes, and found him where I had left him—I again said, "I don't think it is right"—he said it was, and went out—I followed him, and locked the door—I returned to the kitchen in about three minutes, and missed my mistress's gold watch off the shelf—it had a key attached to it by a ribbon—I know it was safe about ten minutes before—it was gold, and was worth more than 10l.—I am quite sure it was there—I made inquiries, and my mistress had not ordered the beef—I am quite sure Young is the lad—the watch has not been found.

Young. I did not go out till a quarter to twelve o'clock, and was back by a quarter past; it was not me; you said it was ten minutes after, I was gone you missed it. Witness. No, I said in three minutes after I looked to see what time it was, and the watch was gone—there was no one there but you and I.





GEORGE IBBS
. I am going on for twelve years old, and live in Union-street,

Lission-grove—I know both the prisoners well—Scott lives down Clarementplace—I have seen him and Young together nearly every morning—I remember Wednesday, the 18th of Jan.—I was working with my father in Mr. Ridley's garden—I saw Young come there—he had a tray with a bit of beef in it—I am sure it was him—he went down into the kitchen with the beef—he was in the house about two minutes—when he got out of the garden-gate be ran to Scott, who was about ten yards from the gate, and I saw him take something out of his pocket and give it into Scott's hand—Scott took the article, and I saw there was a ribbon, and a key hanging to the bottom of the ribbon—Scott had it at that time in his hand, and he put it into his pocket—Young then ran up the hill, and Scott walked gently after him—I am quite sure the prisoners are the boys—I went to the station for a policeman.

Young. Q. How do you know me? A. You used to come to call Scott almost every morning—that was about a year ago.

Scott. Q. Do you say you saw the watch? A. No—I saw something—I followed Young out of the gate—when he gave it into your hand you put it into your pocket, and he ran, and you walked after him—you were then about thirty yards off—I did not say before that I was in the garden stooping down—I never was in trouble but once, and that was for throwing a stone—I do not know what Young gave you, but I saw a key and a ribbon—I did not say that you stood still for five minutes—you walked on—when I saw him give it you, I stood against the gate, and when the servant came out I told her—I had a good mind to run and tell her directly.





SAMUEL HAMPTON
 (police-sergeant D 24.) I received information from lbbs, about one o'clock, on the 18th of Jan., that this watch was lost—I went and found Scott in Church-street, Portman-market—he said he knew nothing about it—I then went after Young—I found him at home, at No. 26, Little Carlisle-street—he said he knew nothing about it, and he did not know where Broomfield-row was—he was dressed in this page's jacket and this hat, and the same trowsers and boots that he now has on—he looked like a servant.

Young's Defence. I went out at a quarter to twelve o'clock, and heard of a place; I went home, and put on my other clothes, and went after it at Dr. Brook's, No. 1, Middlesex-place, New-road—he was engaged; I then went to Chelsea for an accordion, and came back; I had this dress when I was page at Dr. Bruce's, in Montague-street.

Scott's Defence. I was at home, I can assure you, at the time the boy says he saw me.





LAWARENCE ANDERSON
. I produce a certificate of Scott's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present—he is the person who was then convicted by the name of Henry Thompson.
(Young received a good character.)

YOUNG—



GUILTY. Aged 17.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury,
—




Confined Six Months.


SCOTT—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against Scott.)
