




1291. 




ROBERT WALKER, alias
 Smith,

 and 




JOHN RUFFETT, alias
 Smith,

 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
23rd of February, 1 work-box, value 1l., the goods of 



Mary Ann Parker: and 2 pillow-cases, value 5s.; 4 yards of muslin, value 14s.; and 1 napkin, value 1s.; the goods of 



William Henry Parker.






ANN PARKER
. I am the wife of William Henry Parker, and live at Plaistow with my brother, Thomas Gethin. I have a daughter named Mary Ann, who is fifteen years old. On Tuesday, the 25th of February, I delivered a work-box belonging to my daughter, and various parcels, containing linen, books, and other things, to James Wood, in. Lothbury, to take to Plaistow—they were the property of my brother—I am not living with my husband, he is in Wales—this is the box and other articles which I delivered to Wood (looking at them.)





JAMES WOOD
. I am a labouring man. Mrs. Parker delivered the work-box and other things to me, to take to Plaistow, on a Tuesday night—I cannot tell the day of the month—I saw the prisoners on the road, conversing together—I drew my cart up by the side of the road, about ten minutes' walk from the Black Lion, and asked Walker to mind my cart, which he consented to do—he and Ruffett were both in company together then, but on my return from where I went, to inquire for the house, Ruffett had disappeared—Walker was still there—I had been gone about ten minutes—I gave Walker some halfpence for taking care of my cart—I know these articles were safe when I left the cart, for in getting out I put my hand upon the box, which I had particular directions not to

get wet or spoiled—I afterwards missed the box—I did not know what the handle contained—the things were taken out of it—I had other things in the cart—nothing was packed—they all laid loose in the body of the cart.





THOMAS BARTLETT
 (police-constable K 286.) On the 26th of February I was in Stratford, and saw the prisoners coming towards town—Ruffett had a bundle under his, arm, apparently in the shape of a box—I suspected and watched them—they went into Mr. Lamb's, in the Broadway, Stratford, and came out in about a quarter of an hour, without the bundle—I immediately went up to them, and asked what they had done with the box they had had in their possession—they both said they had left it at Mr. Lamb's, who had advanced 1s. on it, and that they had found it in the New-road, going from Barking, a fortnight before—I asked if they had made inquiries about it—they said they had inquired all round Plaistow, and could find no owner for it—I took them back to Mr. Lamb's, found the box there, and took them into custody, on Walker was found a duplicate of some muslin and pillow-cases, pledged at Mr. Bressy's—I have not got the duplicate here, I gave it up after the second examination, but I have a receipt which they gave me for it—I got Walker to sign it.

Walker. We were out of the shop a quarter of an hour before we went back with you. Witness. It is false—I watched them out, and immediately went and stopped them—I bad got about two hundred yards from Mr. Lamb's shop when I stopped them—I questioned them for about five minutes, and then took them back to Mr. Lamb's.





RICHARD LAMB
. I am a jeweller at Stratford. The prisoners came to my house on Wednesday, February 26th, between one and two o'clock—they brought a work-box, and on asking them where they got it from, they said they found it on the New-road, leading to Barking, that a coach was on before, and they thought the box had dropped from that—I asked how long they had had it in their possession—they said nearly a fortnight—I asked if their friends knew they had found it—they said yes, and said they had been all over Plaistow to different parties to try to find out the owner for the box, but could not—I said I should not buy it of them, I thought I knew the party it belonged to—I said if they would call on Friday night, or the Saturday, after I had made necessary inquiries, I would tell them more on the subject—when they brought the box they wanted me to purchase it—I am sure they asked me to buy it—it was tied up with string, in brown paper, very carefully as if it was packed.

Walker. Q. Did we not ask you if you knew any owner for the box, when we came? A. I do not think you did—I did not state so at Lambeth-street—they said they were cold and hungry—I gave them 1s., thinking if I could find the owner of the box, I should not be at the loss of the 1s.





CHARLES HENRY LAWKS
. I am shopman to Mr. Bressy, pawnbroker of Stratford. I have four pieces of muslin, two pillow-cases, and a napkin, pawned by a boy, apparently seventeen or eighteen years old—on Wednesday, the 26th of February, he asked me for 1s. 6d. on them—I lent him 6d.—I have no recollection of him—I firmly believe it to be Walker, but I will not be positive—Stratford is above a mile and a half or two miles from Plaistow—MR. Lamb's is about a mile and a quarter from Plaistow.

Walker's Defence. I did not take them from the cart; I had the cart in my charge.


Ruffett's Defence. I was not there.

WALKER*—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.

RUFFETT*—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—



Confined Six Months.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

