



768. 




THOMAS ANDREWS
 was indicted

for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Frederick Folkard, on the 
13th of Feb., at 
St. George the Martyr, Southwark, and stealing therein 8 rings, value 10l., his property.






JOHN ROBERT DAVIS
. I am shopman to Frederick Folkard, a pawnbroker, at No. 160, Blackfriars-road. On the 13th of Feb., about half-past six o'clock in the evening, I was in the shop, and heard something move ill the window—I cast my eye towards it, and saw two fingers inside the window, lifting up a card of mourning rings—the window was not open, and the wires were up outside, to protect it—a piece of glass had been starred out—eight mourning rings were on the card, worth 10l.—I lifted up the flap of the counter, ran round, and as soon as I opened the door I saw the prisoner drawing them through the wires—I went to lay hold of him, but fell down—I got up and pursued—we have two reflectors inside the window, which show a light outside, and I saw his face distinctly—I was close to him before I fell—there was another one with him—I pursued him across the road—he ran down Wellington-street, and turned up Angel-place—I shouted out, "Stop thief!" all the way along as I went—I saw no one down the street—I did not see the prisoner go down Angel-place, the street is not straight, one house projects out a little, next door but one from this court, and the moment I turned into the court the prisoner came back put of the court—it was no thoroughfare—I was, I dare say, three or four yards behind him when he ran up this place—I caught hold of him, and his hand was bleeding inside in the middle—I said, "Where is the card of rings you have taken out of the window?"—he said, "I have not got a card of lings; what card of rings?"—he kicked me, and tried to get away—he threw off his hat and scarf up Angel-place, among the snow—when I caught him he had no hat with him—I brought him back to the shop, and gave him into custody—the card was produced—it then had four rings on it, and one was picked up on the ground, and was produced by Mr. Coleman, a gentleman who was passing by at the time—this is the card and the rings—(looking at it)—they belong to my master.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. I think you say you fell down directly? A. I did—I had never seen the features of the person till that moment—I did not fall down directly—as I went to seize hold of him I fell down—I had just made one step out of the doorway—he was only two panes of glass from me—I distinctly saw his face for a moment, and saw him with the card, drawing it through the wires—I did not ask a woman any questions when I got into Wellington-street—there was a woman standing at a door—I did not ask her any questions—I did not ask her which way the person had run—I spoke to no woman—I was calling out, "Stop thief!" as she stood at the door, and she said, "He is gone up there"—as I came back with the prisoner she was standing at the door, I did not

say to her, "Is this the man?"—I went back after he was gone to the station, and asked her if she could swear to him, and she said she could not—I had gone back to see if I could find any of the rings—I pulled the prisoner about, and searched his pockets, to see if I could find the rings—I did not find anything—it was then that we had the scuflle—he tried to get away—I was not aware then that he had thrown the card of rings away—the top of the window had been cracked about a month before, but it was perfectly secure—I am quite positive no part of the glass was gone that night—when I examined it afterwards, a piece, about half the size of this card, was ent out—it was starred in two places, as though donebya brad-awl—the boy put up the wires outside about four o'clock in the afternoon, and I saw the window quite safe" about half-past four o'clock.

COURT. Q. That part of the glass where you saw the fingers? A. Yes—it was the top of the bottom pane that was cracked—a fresh pane had been put in about three months ago, and the glazier broke it at the top corner at the time, but this cut was at the bottom of the pane where the rings were taken from—we examined, but found no pieces of glass either inside or outside—I examined it when I came back—there were two holes in it, where it had been starred across one part, and another across that, and a piece of glass taken away just sufficient to get the fingers through—I searched for that piece of glass, but could not find it—I saw the prisoner's hand distinctly drawn through the wires as I came out of the shop.





WILLIAM COLEMAN
. I am a stock-manufacturer, and reside in Hemming's-row, Charing-cross. I was passing along Blackfriars-road on the evening of the 13th of Feb., between six and seven o'clock, and all at once heard aery of "Stop thief!"—I immediately stopped, looked round, and saw two persons running across the road—they both passed me—I stopped nearly opposite a street—the first one that was running threw something from his right hand directly he passed me, and within about six or eight yards of me—thinking it was only a piece of paper, I let it lie for nearly a minute—a little boy who was passing said, "He threw something down"—I turned it over, and saw it contained rings—a lad named Hackett was taking it from him, and I took it from Hackett—it was a card containing four gold rings—this looks like it, but I could not swear to it—I took it over to the pawnbroker's, and laid it on the counter—it lay there till the policeman came in—I did not see anybody take it from the counter—there were four rings on it when I took it from Hackett—I felt in the snow, and found another one—I am quite sure that what I took from Hackett was what the man threw away—I saw the man's face when he threw it away—there was light enough for me to see his face—there was a lamp close by—he passed close under the lamp—it was the prisoner—I did not see what became of him after he threw it away—they both ran on—no one was following them at that time—it was on the opposite side of the way to Jr. Folkard's that he threw the rings away, about fifty or sixty yards off it was not near Wellington-street—I think it was nearer the bridge, but I cannot say—I did not know the prisoner before—I saw the policeman take the rings off the counter—I am sure he took what I got from Hackett

Cross-examined. Q. The person went past you quickly? A. Very quick—I never saw a man of his size who could run so fast—he had no hat on—when I first saw him again he had his hat on, and I said I did not know him—I said, "Take his hat off, and I shall know him in a minute"—his

hat was taken off—I stood back, and said I could swear to him—I do not recollect saying to Hackett, as we went along to Mr. Folkard's shop, "Are you sure that is the person? for I cannot swear to him"—I cannot swear I did not say so—Hackett did not say he could not swear to him—I do not recollect it—I would not swear it—it was a dark night—the Blackfriars-road is very broad—I am not well acquainted with it—I was nearest the bridge, on the right hand side going to Caraberwell—Mr. Folkard's shop is on the left hand side, perhaps a quarter of a mile from the bridge, I cannot say—I do not know where Wellington-street is—I know Wellington-street, Waterloo-road, but not Wellington-street, Blackfriars-road.





GEORGE WILLIAM HACKETT
. I was going along Blackfriars-road on the evening of the 13th of Feb., and heard the cry of "Stop thief!"—I saw two persons running across the road—the last one was calling out, "Stop thief!"—I walked across the road to the top of the street—I forget the name of it—I spoke to Mr. Coleman—I saw a little boy with a card of rings in his hand, and heard him say, "Here is a card"—I did not see him pick it up from the ground, it was so dark—I took it from him, and gave itiato Mr. Coleman's hand—there were four rings on it—I could not see the face of either of the men, they went so quick.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you see the persons running? A. Across the Blackfriars-road—I saw two persons go down Wellington-street—I believe Mr. Coleman asked me, coming along, whether I was sure the prisoner was the person, for that he could not speak to him—I said I could not swear to him, and I do not.





THOMAS JAY
 (police-constable L 140.) I was sent for to Mr. Folkard's on the 30th of Feb., and took the prisoner into custody there—I also took the card of rings from the counter—the witnesses were there—these are the rings—I searched the prisoner, but found nothing on him.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Baron Parke.

