




159. 




JOHN JACKSON
 and 




THOMAS THORP
 were indicted for

 stealing, at 
Lewisham, 1 cruet-stand, value 5l.; 7 cruets, 1l. 16s.; and 16 spoons, 5l.; the goods of 



William Hall, in his dwelling-house.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY ANN COULSON
. My husband keeps the Bell inn, at Sydenham. Last Thursday, Nov. 19th, about noon, I saw the prisoners there, to the best of my belief—one was short and one tall—they had a pint of porter, and remained a short time—I saw them leave—I saw them again next day and recognized them—in my judgment my house is about three quarters of a mile from Perry-hill.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How far is it from Catford-bridge? A. About a mile and a quarter—they were in the house about ten minutes—I never saw them before, to my knowledge—when I drew the porter I sat down in the bar to my needlework—I heard some one, looked up, and saw them going out—I am confident they are the men, but will not swear positively to them.





JAMES JENKINS
 (policeman.) On Thursday, the 19th of Nov., about one o'clock, I was in a gentleman's house at Perry-hill, Sydenham, about twenty minutes' walk from Mr. Hall's house—you can get there easily in twenty minutes—I looked through the glass door, and saw Thorpe come up into the

front gate, put his foot on the step of the door, and exhibit a little packet, which had the appearance of black lead—I told him to go away.

Cross-examined. Q. You did not see Jackson? A. No—the Bell is a mile and a quarter from there.





JOHN CARPENTER
 (policeman.) About two o'clock on that afternoon I was on Blackbeath, near Hollyhedge-house, in plain clothes, and saw the prisoners coming in a direction from Lewisham, towards Greenwich—Thorpe handed this bundle to Jackson as it is now—they separated—Jackson walked on and left Thorpe walking on behind, with an umbrella in his hand—Jackson went past me—Thorpe came up to me—I stopped him, and asked where he came from—he said, "From Greenwich"—I said, "You did not come from Greenwich, or I should know you"—I saw that he was coming from Sydenham—he said, "I don't live at Greenwich now, I used to live there"—I said, "Where do you live?"—he said, "In the Commercial-road"—I said, "The Commercial road is a very large place"—he said he lived in Cannon-street, and his name was Brown; that he had left his father in Greenwich, and was going back to him—I searched him, and found a bit of black lead—I said, "What are you doing with this?"—he said, "I and my father hawk it"—I said, "Who is that man you gave the bundle to?"—he said, "I don't know anything of him"—I let him go, and proceeded after Jackson as fast as I could—when I got a quarter of a mile across the heath, Jackson was going round a corner that leads into Greenwich-park—he turned his head, saw me running after him, and set off running—he was walking before he saw me—he had a bundle under his right arm, and an umbrella in his right hand—I rushed round into Greenwich-park, and saw him again—he tried to throw the bundle over a brick wall, but failed to do so—I picked it up, and ran after him, calling, "Stop thief," and he was stopped—I lost sight of him for a moment, while I was picking the bundle up—he might have thrown four spoons over the wall while I was picking it up, without my seeing him—I gave him into custody to another officer, went back up the hill in Greenwich-park in a different direction to which I had come, met Thorpe, and took him into custody—he said, "What are you taking me for?"—I said, for being in company with the man who I had seen him give the bundle to, for haying the bundle in his possession—he said he had not seen the man, and knew nothing about the bundle—he said I must be mistaken, and if I said that I would say anything—I took him to the station—he was taken into the room where Jackson was, and they both denied knowledge of each other.

Cross-examined. Q. What part of Blackheath is Hollyhedge-house? A. On the right-hand, as you go over the heath from London—it is two or two and a half miles from Catford-hall—this is the bundle—I tfound it in Greenwich-park, three or four yards from the wall—it was in the same state as it is now—the cruet-stand is in it—it hit against the wall, and fell back again—I found three sixpences and four halfpence on Jackson.





WILLIAM CRDCKENDON
. I am gardener to Mr. Kinaston, of Greenwich—his garden adjoins the park. On the 19th of Nov., about half-past two or a quarter to three o'clock, I found four silver table-spoons in the garden—I marked them, and gave them to the policeman—these are them.

Cross-examined. Q. How far is the place where you found the spoons from the gate of the park? A. About two hundred yards.





ANN WARD
. I am in the service of Mr. William Hall—his house is in the parish of Lewisham, near Catford-bridge, Sydenham. On the 19th of Nov., about a quarter to two o'clock, I put some plate on my master's dining-table—this cruet-stand is one of the things—it is my master's, and so are these spoons—the dining-room is on the ground-floor, and opens into the garden—the

window was open—anybody getting into the garden could get into the dining-room—I missed the plate five minutes afterwards—I should say it is worth considerably more than 5l.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know they are silver? A. I know the hall mark on them—there is a short space of grass, and a coach road between the house and the road.





WILLIAM HALL
. My house is at Catford-bridge, in the parish of Lewisham—it is my dwelling-house—this is my plate—the cruet-stand alone is worth 5l.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know the house is in the parish of Lewisham? A. From the parish church—I pay poor and police-rates, and am confident I am in the parish of Lewisham.





WILLIAM DAVIDSON DAY
 (police-constable, 74.) I know the prisoners—I had seen them together a fortnight ago, and in May last.

JACKSON—


GUILTY.* Aged 37.

THORPE—


GUILTY.* Aged 18.





Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Recorder.

