



1340. 




WILLIAM PALMER PRICE



, feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James William Guy, on 
18th May, at 
St. George-theMartyr, Bloomsbury, and stealing 7 rings, value 2l.; his goods.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES WILLIAM GUY
. I live at 57, Theobald's-road, in the parish of St. George-the-Martyr—it is my dwelling-house—I am a general salesman. On 18th May I was in my shop, about seven o'clock in the evening—I heard glass breaking, and saw the prisoner and another outside—I have not the least doubt that the prisoner is the man—I saw him for a minute or two—I went round to the shop-door, and saw him pass something to the other man—a piece of glass had been cut out of the window, about six inches long, large enough to admit a hand; the jewellery had been disturbed, and a card containing seven or eight wedding rings was gone; it was worth about 2l.—I saw the prisoner cutting the glass with a diamond previous to my going round to the door—they walked contrary ways—I seized the prisoner—he broke away from me and ran—I did not see him again till after ha was apprehended.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Was it light? A. As light as it it now—I got in to the window, and saw the prisoner cutting the glass—my shopman was in the shop, and a traveller who I was talking to—my legitimate trade is clothes—the jewellery is parted off from them—I bad never seen the prisoner before.





JAMES PONFIELD
 (policeman, E 119). On 18th May I was in Lamb's Conduit-street, about seven o'clock in the evening—I heard a cry of "Stop thief!" and saw the prisoner running at the top of his speed, towards Red Lion-square, in a direction from Mr. Guy's—he ran down Eagle-street, went into No. 66, and got over a wall—I went through the next house, and found him crouched down under the stairs—I took him—he said, "O God! what shall I do?"—I was about fifty yards from him when I first saw him—I do not think he could see me then he saw me before he got to Eagle-street. 


GUILTY
.† Aged 31.—


Transported for Seven Years.

