




55. 




RICHARD FIDLER



, stealing 1 purse, 2 neck-ties, 1 handkerchief, and 1 pair of gloves, value 24s.; 4 sovereigns, 1 half sovereign, 1 5l.-note, and one order for payment of.35l.; the property of 



William Milton Watson, from the person of 



James Jebb: and 




WILLIAM WHKELER



, for receiving the said check.


MR. O'BRIEN
conducted the Prosecution,





JOSEPH COLLARD
. I am superintendent of the Great Western Railway police. On 11th Oct., about a quarter-past twelve o'clock at night, I heard a tremendous smash outside my window—I went out and found Mr. Watson thrown from his horse, lying on the footpath, bleeding profusely; the horse was close by—I took him to a surgeon, and afterwards searched him, and took from him a check, for 35l., this is it (produced); two 5l.-notes, one sovereign, about ten shillings in silver, a watch, purse, pencil-case, comb, knife, gloves, a handkerchief, and a ring from his finger—I made a list of the property—the prisoner Fidler, who was the policeman on duty there, then put him into a cab, and they left me to go to St. George's Hospital—about four in the morning, Fidler came to my house again, said he had found that the gentleman lived at Putney, and that his servant would come with him at seven in the morning for the property—between seven and eight he came' again with a groom with a crest on his button, corresponding with* that on the ring—Fidler said he had been sent by Inspector Wiggins for the property I had taken from Mr. Watson, and knowing him to be a policeman I gave it up—Fidler persuaded me to let him have the list, and I did so—I had been up two or three times in the night, and had not made a copy of it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. Did he ask you for the list, or a copy? A. For the list, I said nothing about a copy—he did not say, "Let me know what I am answerable for"—Mr. Watson was not in a state to tell where he lived—I do not think I told Fidler to endeavour to find out his address; it would be part of his duty—I knew him for some months about my house—I do not know whether he is an active officer.


Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. I believe you have known Wheeler some time? A. Yes; several years, in Mr. France's employment—I always thought him a respectable man—I have been in the Great Western Railway service about twelve years.





JAMES JEBB
. I am Mr. Watson's groom. I recollect Fidler coming to my master's house early on Friday, 12th Oct.—he gave me an account of the accident—he made an appointment with me, and I met him at Paddington, at seven o'clock—he told me my master's property was at Mr. Collard's, and we were to go there for it—we went there, and he told Mr. Collard he had brought the servant for the master's property—Mr. Collard brought it out, and wrote a list of it—there was a check, two 5l.-notes, one sovereign, some silver, a handkerchief, a gold ring, a watch, and other things—Fidler received it from Mr. Collard, and put it into a yellow silk handkerchief, and put it into his pocket—we then went to a public-house to meet the man belonging to the cab that took my master to the hospital—we had some gin there; we met the man's master, and I paid him 11s.—we then took my master's horse, and the one I had rode to town on, to the White Horse, Knightsbridge, and stabled them there; that was between ten and eleven o'clock—no one else was with us during that time—we then went to the hospital, and got there about eleven—my master was then able to speak, and asked where his property was—Fidler showed it him, and said he was not in a fit state to receive it—he asked him for his ring, which Fidler gave him, and he told him to hand the property over to me—we then went down to the White Horse again, and had some bread and cheese and beer—I then went to Whitehall, leaving Fidler at the White Horse—when I came back between twelve and one, I found him there, we went into the parlour and had some beer—I then changed one of the 5l.-notes with the landlord, paid him for what we had had, and give Fidler 10s. for his trouble; my master had ordered me to pay him that—he then handed me over the property, a check, a 5l.-note, a watch, bunch of keys, four sovereigns and a half, a silk handkerchief, and all the property—the landlord wrote a receipt, I put my cross to it, and gave it to Fidler—I believe I put the property loose into my pocket; I afterwards pulled it out, and put it into my left-breast coat-pocket—I have no recollection how long I remained after that at the public-house, or when I left—the last circumstance that I remember was putting the property in my pocket—I have no recollection of anything after that, till I got home and missed the money, between eight and nine—I have no recollection of leaving the White Horse, or of who was with me when 1 left—I believe the check produced is the one I received—I have not seen the handkerchief, knife, or any of the other articles since.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. What time was it when you put the parcel into your pocket? A. I cannot say; I recollect nothing about wrapping it up—I was in the saddle-room when I missed the money; that was between eight and nine o'clock—I was not lying on the straw; I was standing; both the horses were at home, I do not know whether they were in their proper place—another man put them in; he is not here—I do not know that any one is here who saw me come home—the gates are kept fastened—some one must have let me in—I do not recollect any ladies being in my company that evening—I do not recollect being in the Red Lion, at Putney, and breaking a glass there—my own money was gone as well—the watch, pencil-case, knife, a 2s-piece, and 1d., was all that was in my pocket when I got home—I was away about half-an-hour when I went to Whitehall—I

told my master I was going there in Fidler's presence—I had something to drink at Whitehall—I do not know who proposed having the ale at the White Horse—they asked me at Paddington what I would have—Fidler had I some gin with me there; it was not at his suggestion—I was waiting up for my master's horse when Fidler came—he told me the horse was left at Paddington—he told me the accident happened where he was on duty—I suggested I should come to Paddington to bring the horse back, and he told roe what time he should be there.





GEORGE JOHN ZELLER
. I have known Wheeler some years. I met him in Lisson-grove, on 15th Oct., between seven and eight o'clock in the morning—he showed me a check, and asked me what he had better do with it—I asked him where he got it, and he said a friend of his, a policeman, gave it him, who had found it after conducting a gentleman to St. George's Hospital—I advised him to go to the Bank and find out who the drawer was—he said he should consult his master, and advertise it; this is the check—(read—"No. 29680. Oct. 9, 1849. London Joint-Stock Bank. Pay Mr. Watson, 35l. Signed, Henry W. Hunt.")

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNBLL. Q. What are you? A. Mr. Adwin the attorney's clerk; he carries on business at 81, Nicholas-lane, Lombard-street—I live at 22, Great Barlow-street, Marylebone—I have been with Mr. Adwin two months—before that, I was living as butler with a gentleman in the country for eleven months—before that I was clerk to Mr. Jay, of Serjeant's-inn, two years—I have never been tried for anything.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You met Wheeler casually? A. Yes; he came into a shoemaker's shop where I was, talking to the shoemaker and other parties—he produced the check before them all—he said it was not his—he did not appear to have the slightest degree of concealment—I have known him some time, and always considered him a very industrious bard-working man; he is not much of a scholar.

MR. O'BRIEN. Q.
IS there any ground for charging you with being charged with any offence? A, No.





CHARLES CALHAN
 (policeman, 95 V). The prisoner Fidler belonged to the F division—on 17th Oct. I went to Wheelen's house, just before six o'clock—I made inquiries for him—went and found him just coming out from his master's—I told him I wanted him to go to the station, I did not tell him what for—just before he came to the station he said, "I suppose you have come respecting that check which I found blowing about by St. George's Hospital"—I had said nothing about the check—we went to the Paddington station where Fidler was—he heard Wheeler tell me it was twelve o'clock when he found the check, and Fidler said, "It was three"—I had not spoken to Fidler—Wheeler then said "Between twelve and three."

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. It had been reported that the check had been picked up by somebody? A. Yes—it was not in consequence of that information that I was sent to Wheeler—I received information at Putney from Zeller, that there was a check—I had not before heard what time it was said to have been picked up.





SOLOMON HANNANT
 (inspector D). On Thursday, 18th Oct., Fidler and Wheeler were brought to the station—I asked Wheeler if he could account for the check; he said, "Yes, I picked it up myself between twelve and three on Friday last, near Sloane-street, in the Brompton-road"—I asked if there was anything else with it; he said, "No, it was loose, blowing about the road"—I asked if he had shown it to anybody besides Zeller; he said, "Yes, I showed it to Mr. France, my master"—I asked where he had been

when he found it; he said, to a Mr. Lumley's, a fishmonger's shop, to in-quire after a man named Gibbons, and he picked it up coming borne—I asked if he knew Fidler; he said, "He used to work in our yard before he came in the police"—I heard Superintendent Hughes ask where he gave the property up to the servant; he said, at the White Horse, Knightsbridge, and the landlord wrote a receipt, and they left about half-past three—he asked where he left the servant; he said, "Near the clock-house"—that is not nearer to Putney, but they would pass it in going there—I know the Red Lion at Brompton, that is a quarter of a mile nearer Brompton than the clock-house.





WILLIAM WIGGINS
 (police-inspector, D). Fidler was under me—I recollect his returning from Putney on 12th Oct., about twenty minutes past six o'clock—he told me an accident had occurred, and he had taken the gentleman's horse and been to Putney, and that Mr. Collard had the property, and the coachman was to meet him, to have it given up to him—I told him, when the servant came, to bring him to me at the station; I did not tell him for what purpose—I meant to send a sergeant with the servant to Mr. Collard, to see the property delivered up safe, and to make out a receipt, if Mr. Collard was not there—Fidler did not bring the servant—I did not see him again till half-past eight in the evening at the station—he then tossed this piece of paper on the table—the sergeant asked him what it was; he said a receipt—I took it up and read it (produced and read)—"Oct. 12th, 1849. Received of Richard Fidler 45l., a silver watch, and all other property found on him. R. Jebbs's mark. Witness, John Fell")—I said, "Why did not you bring the servant here?—he said, "I thought the receipt would do as well."

Cross-examined by
MR. PABNELL. Q. How long had he been in the police? A. Eighteen or nineteen months—I told him he did wrong in letting Collard search Mr. Watson—I understood he (Fidler) had commenced searching him—it is wrong for more than one person to search any one—I intended to send a servant to get the receipt, because I knew Fidler was a bad penman, I did not tell him so—he came at the proper time in the evening to go on duty.





JOHN FELL
. I was landlord of the White Horse, Knightsbridge, on 12th Oct. I recollect Fidler coming there that day, at half-past two o'clock, with Jebb—Fidler asked for a pint of ale, a sheet of paper, pen, and ink—I saw Fidler give Jebb a check for 35l.; two 5l.,-notes, a silver watch, some keys, a neck-tie, some gloves, and various other articles in a handkerchief—Jebb changed one of the notes with me, and then he tied the property up in the handkerchief—I think it had not then been removed from the table—I think Mr. Cole was in the room—Fidler and the groom left, 1 think, about half-past three—Jebb was a little intoxicated, but not so much as to be quite incapable of taking care of himself, as I thought—I wrote the receipt which has been produced, and saw Jebb put his mark to it—the check produced is the one named in the list.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. How much drink did they have at your house? A. To my knowledge only one pint of ale between the two—about three minutes before they left, Mr. Cole came and said something to me, in consequence of which I went into the room to see if the groom was in a fit state to take care of himself—I thought he was—when they left I went out to see in which direction they went, and saw them going to fetch their horses from the mews at the back of my house—that was the last I saw of them—the groom walked very well—it was about half-past two that the receipt was signed—the ale then stood on the table, but they bad not drunk any of it.

MR. O'BRIEN. Q. You only served them with one pint? A. No; I have heard that my servant served them again—there was a little

stupidity about Jebb when I gave him the paper—they remained there an hour after that





SAMUEL CHESTERMAN
. I am coachman at the livery stables of Mr. Bathers, who keeps the Red Lion, at Brompton. About four o'clock on Friday, 12th Oct., Fidler and the groom came there on horseback—the groom appeared as if he had had quite enough to drink—Fidler had on a plain coat and police trowsers and boots—Fidler got down and fetched a quartern of gin out—he gave the groom a glass, and took the remainder himself—the groom paid for it—they then parted, Fidler going towards town and Jebb towards Putney—Jebb appeared quite drunk—I did not notice the prisoner so much as Jebb, as he was one of my own cloth—I did not consider him so far gone as the groom—the Red Lion is a quarter of a mile nearer Putney than the clock-house—the horses appeared very nice quiet ones.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. When Fidler got down, did he give the bridle of his horse to Jebb? A. Yes—I was not near enough to hear what they said—it looked to me as if Fidler asked Jebb what he was going to have, and Jebb then took out some money—I could not see what money it was—he brought out the gin, and gave Jebb the change—I suppose he put it into his pocket—I did not see him button up his pocket—Fidler went into the house again, and when he came out the groom went towards Putney, riding one horse and leading the other, and Fidler came towards London.





HENRY UNDERHILL
 (policeman, V 34). I apprehended Wheeler, and found the check produced on him.





JOHN FRANCE HILL
. I am clerk to Mr. France, a timber-merchant, and know both the prisoners; they were both in his service, Wheeler has worked there twenty years—I saw them either on Monday or Tuesday, 15th or 16th Oct., between two and six o'clock, in Mr. France's yard, in conversation together—either on the Monday or Tuesday, about nine or ten in the morning, I saw Wheeler with a check, which he said was found by a dustman in the neighbourhood of Sloane-square—Mr. France advised him to advertise it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. Fidler was in Mr. France's service before he went into the police? A. Yes; I do not know how long—Mr. France had a good opinion of him—it was upon his recommendation that he got into the police—I do pot know what he came to the yard for; I do not know that he came to borrow a hamper.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. It was nothing remarkable for Fidler to be there? A. No—Wheeler brought three newspapers to me, to see whether the check was advertised, and I looked in them, and he did likewise—he reads very imperfectly.

MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Was Fidler in his uniform? A. He had a cord jacket on—I consider Wheeler a very honest man—he has been entrusted to sell goods since I have been there, that is two years.
----FRANCE. Wheeler worked for me—I recollect seeing the check—it was on a Monday or Tuesday morning, about ten o'clock, when I went to business—he said it was found by a dustman—I recommended him to advertise it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. You recommended Fidler to the police? A, I signed a paper—I do not know whether it was through my recommendation that he was taken—I had a good opinion of him—he had worked for me eighteen months or so.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. How long was Wheeler in

your employment? A. In mine and my father's about twenty years—I do not recollect whether his father was in the employment before him—I have kept his place open, and will take him back—I generally sent him to the bankers, and never found him wrong in a sixpence.





WILLIAM MILTON WATSON
. On the night of 11th Oct. I met with the accident—I then had a very similar check to this in my possession—I took very little notice of it—I know a man named Hunt—my groom and Fidler came to me on the 12th, at the hospital—Fidler told me my property was all safe—I asked him for it—he opened the handkerchief, showed it me, and told me I was not in a fit state to receive it—that was the first time he came, about nine or ten o'clock in the morning—I said, "You may give me my ring; I am competent to take care of that," and he gave it me—he came again about two—I asked for my property—he said he must have a receipt for it—a gentleman by my bedside said he would write a receipt, and I could sign it—Fidler said he would go home with me, and would give it to the groom—I said there was no occasion for that.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. You were quite insensible? A. Yes, before the accident happened—it was not from drink—I have no recollection of the accident—I recollect galloping along at about thirteen or fourteen miles an hour—I recollect a dizziness coming over me, and recollect nothing more till I found myself in the hospital in the morning—the horse was a very quiet one, too quiet—I sold him directly I could.





JOHN COLE
. am a builder, of 32, Park-street, Dorset-square. About 11th or 12th Oct., about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was in the parlour of the White Horse, kept by Mr. Fell, and saw Fidler and Jebb there—when 1 went in Jebb was sitting with his face towards the table—I cannot say where Fidler was—there was a silk handkerchief, a pair of gloves, a groom's whip, and a gentleman's cane on the table, and Jebb took four sovereigns, and I think a half-sovereign, and some silver and copper, I believe, from his pocket, and put it on the handkerchief—he then searched his pockets for something he appeared to have lost, and after searching two or three of them, he drew out what I afterwards saw was a check for 35l. and a 5l. Bank of England note—he placed them in a net purse at one end, and the gold at the other end, and put the purse into the breast-pocket of his coat—they then sat down, and had some dinner and ale—after that Jebb was intoxicated, and could not keep himself erect, and he fell forward with his head on the table—Fidler was then sitting at the table, on the other side of Jebb from me—he rose up to light his pipe I believe—he then came round the table, and sat between me and Jebb—I then heard him mutter something about 35l.—he was about a yard from me, and Jebb's head was still leaning forward on the table—I then saw Fidler put his hand under Jebb's coat, to the breast-pocket where I bad seen the purse put, and afterwards withdraw it, but I did not see him take anything—I went out, made a communication to the landlord, and then left.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. Were you sober? A. Yes, when they came in I moved further up the seat, but still kept on the same form—I could see what they were about—I did not converse with them at all; I read the paper—I saw Fidler's hand go to the man's pocket, and saw it come away again—I only saw the back of his hand, but saw nothing in it—he did not take hold of his collar, and shake him—I saw them come out of the parlour as 1 came out of the bar when I had made the communication to the landlord—Jebb put the purse into his pocket by itself, and the handkerchief into his hat; and when his head fell forward his hat fell off, and the handkerchief went on the table—J do not know what became of it—he had a hat

on when he went out—it was by seeing it in the paper after they had been examined two or three times that I went and gave evidence—I had left my name with Mr. Fell—I had no opportunity of seeing the front of Fidlcr's hand.

MR. PARNELL
to
WILLIAM WIGGINS. Q. Did you search Fidlcr's house? A. Yes, on 18th Oct., about an hour after he was in custody, I found nothing—I have not subpœnaed any other witness—I do not know that any other witness who had seen Jebb later was tendered before the Magistrate.





SOLOMAN HANNANT

re-examined by
MR. PABNELL. I required another witness to attend on the 19th, before the Magistrate; he is here now—the Magistrate did not examine him—I found him at the Old George, in the Brompton-road, which is a quarter of a mile from the Red Lion, between it and Putney.
(John Keet, a smith, of Paddington, and Samuel Allen, a foreman, gave Fidler a good character.—Wheeler also received a good character.)

WHEELER—


NOT GUILTY
.

FIDLER—GUILTT. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Yean.

