



1605. 



THOMAS PEAT
 was indicted for

 feloniously forging and utter-ing a hill of Exchange for 150l., with intent to defraud 



Abraham Wildey Robarts, and others. Other COUNTS, varying the manner of stating the charge.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






ABRAHAM WILDEY ROBARTS, ESQ
. I am one of the firm of Robarti, Curtis, and Co., hankers, in London. There are three partners besides myself—Mr. Richard Latham has been a customer of our house for many years—this letter marked D, and the bill enclosed in it marked C, wat brought to our house on the 30th of Dec. last—it was brought to me by our head clerk, and I sanctioned the discounting of it—no bill would be discounted without my sanction.





GEORGE HENRY BRACKETT
. I am clerk in the house of Robarts and Co. On the 30th of Dec. last, I received instructions to enter this bill—it was discounted by the direction of my superiors.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you pay the money? A. No—I made out a ticket and gave it to the cashier to pay the money—the person waiting for the discounting of the bill was in the passage—I saw him.

MR. BODKIN. Q. I believe you have no recollection whatever of the person? A. Not at all—it was a man.





ROBERT MORRIS
. I am cashier to Messrs. Robarts and Co. On the 30th of Dec. last, I paid the money upon this 150l. bill of exchange—I have an entry here of the notes I paid, one 100l. note, No. 11,504, dated 9th of Oct.; one 40l., No. 60,554, dated 7th of May; and one 5l., No. 15,486, dated 3rd of Oct.—these are the three notes I paid—(looking at them.)





ALEXANDER ROBERTSON
. I am clerk in the issue department of the Bank of England. On the 30th of Dec. last, I paid gold for these three notes—it is the custom to require the name and address of the party applying—the name of John Jones, 12, Lower Eaton-street, Pimlico, appears on these notes—I do not remember whether I saw that written.

Cross-examined. Q. What time of day were they paid in? A. In

the afternoon—I have no doubt there were other clerks in the office at the time—the person presenting the notes stands in front.

MR. BODKIN. Q. A good many persons come to change notes? A. Several hundreds in the course of a day—I cannot at all remember the features of the person.





DENNIS M'DONALD
. I am the manager of a Loan office, in St. John-street, Clerkenwell. I have known the prisoner three or four years, and have transacted loans for him—I have seen him write, received letters from him, and had opportunities of becoming acquainted with his handwriting—I believe this bill of exchange to be the prisoner's handwriting, also this letter, and the name and address on these notes I also believe to be his writing.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know him as a cab proprietor? A. Yes, and before he was a cab proprietor—I have understood from him lately that he has had two or three cabs—I was not acquainted with his circumstances except from himself—he is not at all in my debt now—believe the whole of this bill of exchange to be his handwriting, both the signatures of Joseph Smith and Richard Latham, and also the endorsement of Joseph Smith, I believe it all to be the same handwriting—I found my opinion on the general appearance of the writing—I could not undertake to describe it—I have a perfect recollection of the first letter "J" on the bank-notes—the letters are a facsimile of writing I have seen of his—I cannot describe the formation of his capital E or S; in fact I could not describe a letter of my own, but I know the writing when I see it—there is that variation in his writing which a difference of pen may make; I know of no other—I was first called on on this subject about three months ago, by Forrester—he did not tell me he had taken the prisoner into custody on a charge of forgery—he did not show me these instruments then—he showed me a 50l. note with my andwriting upon it—he showed me these some week or two after, it may be three—I do not know that he showed me them at all—I have seen them, but whether in the hands of Forrester or another person I cannot tell—I do not think he did show me these bills—I think Mr. Bush did—the prisoner was not taken into custody when Forrester first saw me—when he showed me the note, he asked me if I knew the writing and the person's address, and it was from that address that he arrested the prisoner—it was before he was taken into custody that I was shown these notes and the bill, and after Forrester had shown me the 50l. note—I have been shown other notes as well—(looking at some writing on the outside of the letter)—I should not think this was the prisoner's writing.





HENRY FLEAR
. I am clerk in the Loan-office, in St. John-street-road. I have known the prisoner from two and a half to three years—I have seen him write, and am acquainted with his handwriting—I believe the whole of this bill, marked C, to be the prisoner's handwriting, decidedly—I have the same opinion of the letter marked D—the name of" John Jones, Lower Eaton-street, Pimlico," on these three notes, I believe to be the prisoner's handwriting.

Cross-examined. Q. Of course you have seen the prisoner write very often? A. Not very often—I cannot state more than twice—I have frequently seen him on the subject of letters that he has written—on one occasion when I saw him write, he took down the name and address, and

number of the cab, &c., of a person in the same line of business as himself, about whom we wished him to make some inquiries—I saw him write that—Mr. Macdonald did not write those particulars—he was present, but the prisoner wrote it on a slip of paper, which he took away.

MR. DOANE. Q. What was the other occasion on which you saw him write? A. When he endorsed a bill—I have not seen him write at other times, but I have seen letters of his, and frequently acted upon them.





GEORGE HENRY BRACKETT

re-examined. This letter came to our house on the 16th of Sept., 1843—a 150l. bill was inclosed in it, which we discounted that day—it was drawn by Mr. Latham on Mr. Smith—I gave a memorandum to the cashier, Mr. Morris, to pay that bill—I have here a memorandum in my own handwriting, referring to a bill of 75l. of the 9th of March, 1844, drawn by the same party on the same party—that bill was discounted by our house on that day—I paid it with five 10l. notes, Nos. 23929 to 33, dated 3rd Feb., 1844, and four 5l. notes, Nos. 44239 to 42, dated 1st Feb., 1844—this is the letter, marked E, that came with that 75l. bill—I made this calculation of the interest on the back of it.





ROBERT MORRIS

re-examined. I paid the 150l. bill on the 16th of Sept., 1843, less the interest, with two 50l. notes, Nos. 24667 and 68, dated 6th July, 1843, and four 5l. notes, Nos. 55723 to 26, dated 13th July, 1843.





MARTIN SADLER DALTON
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England. On the 23rd of Sept., 1843, I paid gold for this 50l. note—the name of Pitt, 24, Drummond-street, Euston-square, is on it.





RICHARD JOHN SYKES
. I am a clerk in the issue department of the Bank of England. On the 9th of March, 1844, I paid gold for these three 10l. notes, Nos. 23929 to 31—the name of John Turner, St. John-street-road, appears on these notes.





JOSEPH REECE ADAMS
. I am a clerk in the fertile department of the Bank of England. On the 16th of March, 1844,1 paid gold for these two 10l. notes, Nos. 23932 and 23933, and two 5l. notes, Nos. 44239 and 44240—the name of "Joseph Turner, 21, St. John-street," appears on the notes.

MR. BRACKETT
re-examined. This bill for 350l., and the letter annexed to it, was brought to our house on the 29th of July, 1844—it was discounted on that day—I did not pay the money.





HENRY BARRON
. I am a cashire at Messrs. Robarts. On the 29th of July, 1844; I paid the discount of this 350l. bill with a 300l. note, No. 49099, dated 11th. Jan., 1844; a 30l. note, No. 37794, dated 6th March, 1844; a 5l. note, No. 17099, dated 2nd July, 1844; and 4l., 9s. in money.





JOSEPH DERMER
. I am a clerk in the Teller's-office, Bank of Eng-land. On the 3rd of August, 1844, I changed a 300l. note, and gave two 100l. notes, Nos. 65231 and 65232, dated 9th May, 1844l.; a 20l. note, No. 13233, dated 5th June, 1844; and one 5l. note, No. 51957, dated 2nd July, 1844; and the remainder in gold—the name on the 300l. note is "John Thomas Jones, Ebury-street, Pimlico."





HORATIO WIGGINS MORRIS
. I am a clerk in the Tellers-office, Bank of England. On the 29th of July, 1844, I gave gold for these 30l. and 5l. notes—I did not take the numbers—I took the name of the person who gave them to me—I find the name of "John Thomas Jones, 20, Ebury-street,

Pimlico," on this 30l. note—I took that name down in a book from the note—the number is 27794, and the date is 6th March, 1844—the number of the 5l. note is 17099, and the date 2nd July, 1844, and it has the same name and address.





FREDERICK WILLIAM BRACKETR
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Robarts and Curtis. On the 5th of Sept., 1844, two bills of exchange, one for 150l. and one for 75l., which had been discounted by our house, were taken up and withdrawn—they were the two bills which have been spoken to, the letters inclosing which have been produced—they were not then due—this letter marked "F" came to our house on the 5th of Sept. on the subject of withdrawing those bills—I did not receive it myself—I found it on the file upon which we deposit our letters—I received these bank notes in payment of those bills, two 100l. notes, Nos. 65231 and 05232, dated 9th May, 1844; one 20l. note, No. 13233, dated 5th June, 1844; and one for 5l., No. 51957, dated 2nd July, 1844—these are the same notes—the numbers correspond.





DENNIS M'DONALD

re-examined. This letter marked "E," relating to the 75l. bill, I believe to be the handwriting of the prisoner. On the 16th of Sept. 1843, the prisoner paid me this 50l. Bank of England note—I wrote on it at the time the prisoner's name, the date of the month sod year, and my own name—I find that on this note—I received it personally from him.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you recollect in Jan. this year hating any transaction for loans with the prisoner? A. I cannot recollect particularly in Jan.—I have none of my books here—some four months ago I lent him about 12l.—I have no recollection of lending him any other money this year—there are no other persons in the office that lend money—I have lent him 5l. on many occasions—I cannot recollect whether I lent him 5l. in Jan.—if he asked me I should have done it—I do not recollect what time of day this 50l. note was brought to me—I am quite certain I received it from the prisoner—he owed me a great deal more, but I do not think he paid so much as that—I cannot recollect what be owed me at that time—I gave him something out of the 50l.—he never paid me so much as 50l. at one time—the 12l. I lent him four months ago has been repaid.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Look at the name of "Pitt, Drummond-street, Euston-square," on the back of this other 50l. note. A. I cannot form any opinion about that—I have no recollection that the prisoner ever lived in Drum-mond-street—the name of Turner, and the address on these 10l. and 5l.,. notes, I believe to be the prisoner's handwriting—the name and address of John Thomas Jones, 20, Ebury-street, Pimlico, on this 300l., 30l., and 5l. notes, I believe to be the prisoner's handwriting—this 350l. bill and this letter marked "B," I believe to be the prisoner's handwriting, also this letter marked "F."

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. How many letters have you received from the prisoner? A. Several—I cannot say how many—I have not kept any—I have none of his handwriting here—I have at home, applications for loans and promissory notes, which have been paid but not taken away.





HENRY FLEAR

re-examined. This letter marked E, I believe to be the prisoner's handwriting—the name of Pitt, on this 50l. note, I believe to be the prisoner's writing, notwithstanding its being illegible—it is very illegible—the names of John and Joseph Turner, on these 10l. and 5l. notes, I believe to be the prisoner's handwriting, with the addresses.


Cross-examined. Q. The word Pitt is, in your opinion, in the prisoner's writing? A. It is, and "Drummond-street" likewise—I have not, perhaps, so strong a belief upon that as the other, but I believe it very much resembles the prisoner's handwriting—I am nineteen years old—I have been three years in the Loan-office, before that I was in a law stationer's office.

MR. BODKIN. Q. As a law stationer do you necessarily see a good many different forms of handwriting? A. Yes—I can form no opinion as to the words "Euston-square"—I believe all the rest to be in his handwriting—the name John Thomas Jones, on these three notes, the 300l., 30l., and 5l., I believe to be the prisoner's handwriting, and the addresses also—this 350l. and the letters accompanying it, marked B, I believe to be the prisoner's handwriting, also this letter marked F.





JOHN WAITE MURPHY
. I am clerk to Messrs. Bush and Mullens. I served a notice on the prisoner last Session to produce the two bills of exchange spoken of—I also served one yesterday—I have a copy of the notice.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you at the Mansion-house attending the examination? A. Yes—Mr. Duncombe, a solicitor, attended on the part of the prisoner—Mr. Bush attended on the part of the prosecution—Mr. Duncombe requested that the prisoner's friends might be permitted to see the forged documents—Mr. Bush refused to allow it unless in his presence, ind he had an opportunity of cross-examining them—he would not allow them to see them unless they were brought and sworn before the Lord Mayor, and examined upon them.

MR. BODKIN
Q. The bills were then before the Lord Mayor the subject of this charge? A. Yes—Mr. Bush proposed that any witness might see them, and be examined as to their belief or not, in the presence of the Lord Mayor.





RICHARD LATHAM ESQ
. I reside at Queen's-road, Bayswater. I was formerly a partner in the house of Meux and Co.—I kept an account at Robarts and Curtis, and have continued to do so up to the present time—the prisoner was in my service about ten years ago, and looked after a pony of mine—he has not worked for me siuce—his father has—I understand the prisoner has been driving a cab lately, and his father also—the father was employed by me some few months ago, and has been for thirty years—at the time the prisoner lived with me I had an account at Robarts's, and sometimes drew checks on that house—the prisoner had no opportunity of knowing that—at that time I used to pay all my tradesmen's bills with checks, but lately I have not drawn for less than 100l. at a time—I never gave the prisoner a check—he did not live in my house—I believe he lived with his father—I do not think I ever sent any of the small checks to the tradesmen by any of my servants—this bill and letter marked C and D are not my writing, and were not written by my authority or knowledge—this other letter is not my writing—it is dated from my right address, Queen's-road, Bayswater—this 350l. bill is not my writing, nor the letter that accompanied it—it is a forgery—I know nothing of this letter marked F—I never sent any of these bills to Robarts's house to discount for me—I have not given them a bill for the last seven years—I know nothing of this letter marked E—I have lived in Queen'R-road. Bayswater, upwards of thirty years—I had a place in town, but the prisoner did not live at all with me there—he was employed at Bayswater—I have a friend named Joseph Smith—I was not acquainted with him at the time the prisoner lived with me—he lives in Gray's Inn—I have been

acquainted with him many years, but not in habits of intimacy as I am now—he has been in the habit of coming to my house in Queen's-road for the last four or five years, I should suppose—the prisoner's father was in my employment at that time.

Cross-examined. Q. When the prisoner was in your employment he was a mere lad? A. He was—I had no fault to find with him—I have not charged any other person with having committed these forgeries—I may have thought others were about me as well—my suspicions have not been excited as to any other person—I have no suspicion of any other individual—I have not charged any other individual in any shape or way—I cannot tell you what has been operating on my mind, but I have suspected no one—there were persons that might know my affairs very well, but I have not suspected them.





JOSEPH SMITH ESQ
. I am a barrister, living in Gray's Inn. I hare been acquainted with Mr. Latham for a great many years—my name to this 150l. bill, marked C, is not my handwriting—I never authorised anybody to sign it for me—I know nothing about it—my name to this other bill is not my handwriting, nor written by my authority—I never drew a bill on Mr. Latham in my life—I have been in the habit of visiting him at Bayswater frequently—I am not conscious of ever having seen the prisoner before today—I have frequently seen the father there.





JOHN FORRESTER
. I am an officer of the City of London. I took the prisoner into custody on the 22nd of May last, in Bouverie-street, Paddington—he was in the street in company with my brother, who had seen him first—I have inquired with respect to the addresses on the Bank notes, Lower Eaton-street, Pimliso, St. John-street, and Drummond-street—I found no such persons as are indicated by those addresses—I do not know that the prisoner ever lived in Drummond-street—I have heard so.

Cross-examined. Q. You know where he lives now? A. Yes, with his father—I have had these notes in my possession—I have taken them to show the prisoner's handwriting to about three or four persons, perhaps more—I do not see any of those persons here today, except Mr. M'Donald and Mr. Flear—I cannot say whether the bills and letters have been in my brother's possession.





DANIEL FORRESTER
. I am an officer of the City of London. On the 22nd of May, I saw the prisoner in Bouverie-street, Paddington—I stopped him, and asked if his name was Thomas Peat—he said "Yes"—I told him he was charged with uttering three forged bills—he paused for half t minute or a minute, and said, "How do they make out it is me?"—I had not then given him any particulars of the bills—I told him that his name appeared on some of the notes—he said, "That cannot be"—I told him the bills had been uttered at Robarts and Curtis'—he said, "I never was there"—my brother came up just at the time—I then told him who I was, and he must come into the City with me—we all came together—I had seen the name of Peat on a note—I cannot say what note it was—I do not think I had made any inquiry in Drummond-street before I saw the prisoner—I had seen this 50l. bill, which has the name of Peat on it written by Mr. M'Donald.

The documents were here read, as follows:—A bill marked C, dated 28th Dec, 1844, for 150l., at six months, drawn by Joseph Smith on Richard Latham, Queens-road, Bayswater. Letter D. "Saturday, Dec. 28, 1844. 65, Queen's-road, Bayswater. Messrs. Robarts,—Please to discount the enclosed bill of exchange, bearing my signature, for

bearer, and you will oblige, yours, &c. R. LATHAM."
The letter marked E accompanying the 75l. bill, was similar. The 350l. bill was dated 27th July, 1844, at nine months, drawn by Joseph Smith on Richard Latham; and the letter enclosing it to Messrs. Robarts, purported to be from Mr. La-thorn. Letter F. "Queen's-road, Bayswater, Sept. 4,1844. Messrs. Robarts and Co.,—Please to return to me by bearer the two bills of exchange discounted for me by your house, and bearing my acceptance, both being drawn by Mr. Joseph Smith, one for 75l., at six months after date, dated 9th March, 1844; and one for 150l., at twelve months after date, dated Sept 1843. As I am about leaving town for a short time, I may be out of the way when they become due; as the time is so near I should prefer having them before I leave, which will greatly oblige. Yours, &c. R. LATHAM.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Life.

