



2197. 




GEORGE GRAY
 was indicted

 for stealing, at Lambeth, 2 coats, value 25s.; 1 pair of trowsers, 10s.; 2 waistcoats, 1l.; 1 pair of boots, 4s.; 1 handkerchief, 2s.; 3 shirts, 10s.; 1 watch, 1l.; 1 half-sovereign, 1 sixpence, and 6 halfpence, the property of 



Richard Kingsmill Greenfield: and 1 waistcoat, 10s., the goods of 



William Hole, in his dwelling-house; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






RICHARD KINGSMILL GREENFIELD
. I am a carpenter, and live at Greenwich. I was at work at Mr. Hole's, in Waterloo-place, Surrey. On the 14th of March I got up about five o'clock in the morning, and left the prisoner, who was a lodger, in bed—I left all the articles stated, in a box in the room—I returned at eight o'clock in the evening—they were all gone, and my watch and money—the prisoner had left an old coat, a pair of trowsers, and a waistcoat, and had taken mine—he promised to come back that evening to pay his lodging, but he did not come.

Prisoner. Q. When did you miss your things? A. When I came home—your things were destroyed about a week before you were taken.





WILLIAM HOLE
. I lived with my father, where the prosecutor lodged—I

saw the prisoner go oat on the 14th of March with a bundle tied up in a blue striped handkerchief.

Prisoner. Q. Where were you when I went out? A. In the front parlour—I heard you tell my mother you would pay her for the lodging when you came home in the evening—she opened the door for you—I saw you through the parlour door.





ELIZABETH HOLE
. I am the wife of William Hole. This is our dwelling-house, and is in the parish of Lambeth—I had a man and his wife lodging with me, but no one went into these young men's room, but myself—the prosecutor's secutor's box stood there—I did not see the prisoner go out that morning—he knocked at my door, and said he would come back in the evening, and pay his lodging—he did not come back, nor pay—I lost my husband's waistcoat.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me with a bundle? A. No—I opened the door, but did not see the bundle.





WILLIAM DUBOIS
 (police-sergeant N 14.) I took the prisoner—he said he had not lodged there, and did not know such a person.

Prisoner's Defence. If the boy could see me when he was behind the door where the bed is, does it stand to reason that she could not see me with a bundle; I never had any.





WILLIAM GOODLAND
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

