



543. 




HENRY EVANS



, stealing 8 spoons, value 3l.; the goods of 



Joseph Ball.






JOHN MAY
 (policeman, M 207.) I received the prisoner in custody on 21st Dec., at half-past seven o'clock in the evening, of Mr. Waymark, of the Horse-shoe Inn. Borough—he was charged with stealing a silver spoon from

the coffee-room—I took him to the station, and found on him four silver tablespoon and four salt-spoons, one of them broken up—they were claimed by Mr. Ball—the prisoner said, "They are my own property" the name of the tavern was on them, in full—I went to Mr. Ball's in Newgate-street, about twenty minutes walk from Mr. Waymark's—I found a duplicate for a coat in the prisoner's pocket, and cut drinking-glass, for which I have not found the owner; several papers, one of which was wet with new-made mustard; and one of the spoons looks as if it had been taken from a mustard-pot—that was was claimed by Mr. silk.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Was the prisoner drunk? A. he had been drinking very freely—he was detailed in front of Mr. Waymark's bar—there no one with him.





JOSEPH BALL
. I keep the Queen's Tavern, Newgate-street. These eight spoons are my property—they were given out to the waiter on the morning of the 21st, as is the custom—I have no recollection of seeing the prisoner there, but a person could slip in and out again—our house is up a passage—there are two coffee-rooms.

Cross-examined. Q. You do not know him? A. one or two of my friends have given him a good character.





WILLIAM WATERS
. I am waiter at Mr. Bail's—I know these eight spoon—they are my master's—I had them under my charge on 21st Dec., at ten o'clock in the morning, and missed them at nine at night—when the officer came I cannot say how lately before they had been taken—they were on the table in the coffe-room—a person coming in could put them in his pocket—persons come in and go out again, without taking any refreshment, sometimes—I placed spoons off the table on the sideboard, about four o'clock—they might have been taken between four and five.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you in the coffee-room? A. I was engaged up stairs at a dinner until about five o'clock.

Prisoner's defence. I can prove I was Garraway's till after five o'clock,





WILLIAM ANDREWS
. I was with the prisoner on 21st Dec., at Garraway's—I saw him there as late as four o'clock—It might have been half-past—that is about ten minutes walk from Mr. Ball's.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There were three other indictment against the Prisoner.)
