



397. 




MICHAEL QUIN
was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
29th of November, 1 sovereign, the monies of 



William Smith, from the person of 



Richard Holt.






WILLIAM SMITH.
I am an excavator, and live at Mersham, in Surrey. On Friday, the 29th of November, about ten o'clock at night, I went to the Nag's Head, on Tower-hill, with a man and two women—I asked Richard Holt to bring me a pint of ale—he brought it, and I gave him a sovereign to pay for it—he was to bring me the change back—he came back, and said I should have change directly—I waited for five or seven minutes, but it did not come—I then followed him out, and he made a statement to me—I did not get the change from him.





RICHARD HOLT.
I am a musician, and live in Battye-street, Commer


cial-road. I was at the Nag's Head when Smith came—I fetched a pint of ale for him—he gave me a sovereign, and told me to get the change—as I was going out at the tap-room door towards the bar, the prisoner took the sovereign out of my hand, and said, "I will go and get change while you play for the dance"—he took the sovereign from ray hand—I went back, and began playing—he did not bring me the change—I saw no more of him till he was in custody—I had seen him before—he occasionally fetched beer for people there.

Prisoner. As he was going out of the house with the sovereign in his hand, be kept saying, "Would you like a sovereign? "—I said I would go and get change, and he gave me the sovereign in my hand—I was out of work, and I bought a few clothes with the money. Witness. I did not show him the sovereign.





ELIZABETH GOLLINGS.
My husband keeps the Nag's Head. The prisoner used to frequent the house sometimes—he was not authorized by us to get beer or change for the customers—we had forbidden him the house—he was brought in by a sailor on this day, or we should not have let him in—on the 29th of November I supplied Holt with a pint of ale, which he took into the tap-room—he was to bring me the money, but he did not—I saw the prisoner come out of the tap-room, and go out very quickly—he did not bring me any sovereign to be changed—I saw no more of him till he was in custody—Smith afterwards came to the counter with Holt, and inquired for the money.





DANIEL M'NAMARA
(police constable H159.) I received the prisoner into custody at Lambeth-street office, on the 23rd of December, from another officer, who had taken him for an assault—I took Holt in the first instance, and he was discharged.

Prisoner's Defence. I should not have taken it if he had not kept showing it to me—I had been out of work eight or nine weeks, and I was going to work on the morning I was taken—I am a tailor—Holt's father offered to take 2s. a-week for it, and afterwards he would not take it, or I hoped to have made the money up to him.




GUILTY.**Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years

