




2406. 




FREDERICK WILLIAMS, alias
 Parsons.

 was indicted for

 berglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Ashton and others, about 12 in the night, of the 
10th of Sept., at 

St. Pancras, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 4 1/2 yards of oil-cloth, value 5s.; the goods of 



William James; and 





ANN WILLIAMS, alias
 Mary Mack




, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to be stolen, having been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM JAMES.
 I live at 34, University-street. Tottenham-court-road. I let the house, No. 9, Southampton-street, Fitzroy-square, in apartments, to Mr. Ashton—it is in the parish of St. Pancras—on Friday night, the 10th of Sept., I lost a piece of oil-cloth from there—I had seen it safe on the Thursday—this now produced is it—it is mine—the people in the house shut the house up—they are not here.





JOHN DEAR
 (policeman.) On Friday night, about twenty minutes past twelve o'clock, I was on duty in Southampton-street, and saw the male prisoner in company with another man and a woman, not the female prisoner—the female put a latch key into the door of No. 9, and they went in—I waited some time, but seeing a light in the kitchen I thought it was all right, and passed on, the next evening Mr. James told me the oil-cloth was gone—I thought the woman who went in, lodged there—I should know her again.





ROBERT DIXON.
 I am in the employment of Mr. Purdue, a pawnbroker. I produce this oil-cloth—it was pledged by the female prisoner on the 11th of Sept.





JEREMIAH LOCHERBY
 (policeman.) On the 13th of Sept. I took the female prisoner into custody in Brill-row, Somers-town—I locked the door, and took her to the station—I went back again, and found seven keys in the room—three of them were skeleton keys, and one of them opens the door of No. 9, Southampton-street—I found outside the room door fourteen other keys, four of them skeletons—there was linen and flannel there, and a small box of tools—I took the male prisoner on the 15th of another charge—I told him I took him on suspicion of being concerned with the female prisoner in taking some oil-cloth—he said he knew nothing about it—on the way to the police-court he asked me how long the female prisoner had been in custody—I said I supposed he knew as well as I did—he said, no he did not—I said, "You know very well what she is"—he said, "I know she is a thief."

and then he said, "What shall I be good for after this? who do you suppose will employ me? and if I want to get married to a respectable young woman, who do you think will have me?"—on the 16th I again searched the room, and found a small box with fourteen duplicates in it; and on the 18th, at the police-court, when I went to the cell to speak to him, he said, "These duplicates you found in the box are all square; they relate to shirts and handkerchiefs, things I pledged when I came home from sea"—I knew the male prisoner before—he lived with the female—I am quite sure I have seen him at her house.





HUGH BLUNT.
 The prisoner lodged in my second-floor back room—they lodged there on the 10th of Sept.
(The prisoner Williams put in a written defence, starting that she had always got her living honestly by shoe-binding, and that she had been entirely led into this)





JOHN BRANTION
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of Ann Williams"s former conviction—(read—Convicted the 12th of Aug.,1846,confined three months)—the prisoner is the person so tried and convicted.

FREDERICK WILLIAMS—


GUILTY. Aged 28

ANN WILLIAMS—


GUILTY. Aged 20.





Transported for Seven Years.

(There were three other indictments against the prisoner)
