



416. 




FREDERICK WILLIAM KELLY
 was indicted

for stealing at 
St. Marylebone, 1 watch, value 30l., and 1 razor and case, 3s.; the goods of 



Ann Oakey, in her dwelling-house.






ANN OAKEY
. I am a widow, and live at No. 76, Liston-grove, North, in the parish of St. Marylebone. It is my own dwelling-house—about the 30th of June the prisoner came to my house—he had a female with him, who passed as hit wife—the prisoner stated he had just come by the railway, and would tike my apartments to lodge there—I let him my second floor back room till the drawing-rooms were empty, which would be in a fortnight—he and his wife took possession that night, and remained there till the 9th at Sept.—the prisoner said he was Captain Kelly—on the day he left; I missed a gold watch of mine out of a trunk—I had seen it about a week before—the trunk was not locked—it was kept in a wardrobe in the front kitchen—I went up stairs, and missed it—on coming down again I met the prisoner coming out of a room—he said to me, "What is the matter? you look extremely pale"—I said, "I have lost my husband's gold watch out of the trunk"—he said, "What a shame it is to rob a lone woman"—he did not say anything more to me about it—I went to my mother's to tell her about it, and next morning I received a note—I went home the next morning, and the prisoner and his wife were gone—the prisoner never returned—I went into his room and missed a razor and case, which had been my husband's.

Prisoner. Q. Did you lend me that razor? A. On my oath I did not—I gave you a cravat—I missed this watch on the day you absconded—the people of my house had access to where the watch was—no stranger could have access to it—I did not accuse a servant about the watch—you asked me who I thought it was—I said I did not know—I did not accuse anybody of having taken it before I missed it—there were no girls working there—there were persons working in the back kitchen—they had not access to the front kitchen—my kitchen was not locked, nor the trunk—I did not tell Miss Donalds that I had lost anything out of it—I did not mention that I had frequently lost things out of my trunk—I left the key of my press at a linendraper's six months previous to your coming—I accused you of having stolen my watch when I saw the case of it.





THOMAS DRISCOLL
. I am assistant to a pawnbroker in Lower John-street, Golden-square. I produce this gold watch-case, which was pawned with me by the prisoner on the 10th of Sept.—I can swear to the prisoner being the person—he gave me the name of John Wilson—he came to me afterwards on the 1st of Nov., and said the duplicate had been stolen from him—he requested the form of an affidavit, as is usual in such cases—I gave it him—this is the form I gave him.

Prisoner. Q. Did I pawn that watch-case? A. Yes—I am quite sure you did.





JOHN GRAY
 (police-sergeant C 10.) I took the prisoner on the 16th of Dec. at No. 10, Boyle-street, Regent-street, on a charge of stealing this razor which I found there—he denied stealing it, and said Mrs. Oakey lent it him—there was a carpet-bag upon the floor—I opened it, and found in it the affidavit respecting the watch-case, and some duplicates, in a pocket-book—I went to the pawnbroker's and saw the watch-case, and Mrs. Oakey identified it.





ANN OAKEY

re-examined. This razor to my proper—I swear to this watch-case—it is the one that was in the trunk, and is my property.


Prisoner. Q. How do you identify that case? A. I know it by the peculiar colour of the gold—it has been in the family for forty years—my husband always wore it—I never used it, but kept it in that trunk, considering that no person would go to it—I never lent it to Mr. Holdsworth or to any one—it has no peculiar mark on it, but I have had it so often in my hand that I can swear to it.

Prisoner's Defence. I never stole the watch nor the razor; the razor she lent me, and she knows it perfectly well; and there is a person who will state that she lent this watch. On the morning she stated she lost it she got drank in the drawing-room with my wine and spirits, and there was a female she accused of stealing the watch.

MISS SHAW. I do not know anything about this razor—I thought the razor was lent, but I would not say—I know Mrs. Oakey went into fits several times—I did not know she was intoxicated—I heard her say she would lend the prisoner a razor—I do not know that she did—I believe that she did lend a watch, but she has two or three—I do not know which watch it was—she thought it was the servant who stole this watch, but she did not know who it was.




GUILTY
. Aged 61.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
