




2668. 




CHRISTOPHER JOHANN FREDRICKE AUGUSTE STRUVE
 was again indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Elizabeth Grafton Hall Dare, at 
Streatham, about twelve o'clock in the night of the 
11th of September, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 towel, value 1s.; 2 1/2lbs. weight of butter, value 2s.; 1 bell, value 5s.; 1 butter-mould, value 6d.; 1 milk-strainer, value 1d.; 1 dish, value 1d.; 1 jug, value 6d.; 1 plate, value 1d.; and 1 cup, value 6d.; her property.






MARY HAMBY
. I am single, and am cook to Mrs. Elizabeth Grafton Hall Dare, widow, of Streatham Common, in the parish of Streatham. On the night of the 11th of September the larder window was open, but there was a wire-guard inside before it, which must be broken to get at any thing—I saw it safe a little after ten o'clock—it opens into the garden—the grating was secured by four large nails—the next morning I went down into the larder before six o'clock, and found the wire pushed quite round behind a milk-pan, to prevent it going back to its place—I missed the articles stated—a person could get through the wire place—he had then opened a door out of the larder, and taken out a white jug, bell, and drinking-horn—I lost a thermometer from outside the window.

Prisoner. I bought these things of a man in the street.





ELEANOR EVANS
. I am the wife of John Evans, and live in Church-street, Minories. The prisoner lived with us four weeks and three days, until he was apprehended—the policeman came to me, and I showed him his room—they found this jug, the bell and other articles there—nobody but him could have put them there, as the door was locked—I did not see the articles there till they were found—I had missed him two or three days before that, but did not know he was in custody.





SAMSON DARKIN CAMPBELL
. I am a police-inspector, of the V division. On the 15th of September I went with pitcher to No. 51, Church-street—Evans showed me a room, and I found this towel, with the name of Hall Dare on it, a thermometer, a butter-strainer, two files, a pair of pliers, and some skeleton-keys, some of them unfinished.





THOMAS PITCHER
 (police-constable P 167.) I accompanied Campbell, and found these articles in the room—the prisoner was in custody at the time.
(Property produced and worn to.)




GUILTY
. Aged 41.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

