



1693. 




CHARLES HARRIS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of April, at 
Wandsworth, 25 spoons, value 17l. 10s.; 3 ladles, value 5l. 13s.; 13 forks, value 10l. 18s.; 1 butter-knife, value 15s.; and 1 tray, value 1s.; the goods of 



Archibald Leslie, in his dwelling-house.






ELLEN HUNTBEACH
. I am cook to Mr. Archibald Leslie, of St. Ann's Hill, Wandsworth; he dwells there; it is in the parish of Wandsworth. Between three and four o'clock on the 12th of April, I was sitting in the kitchen—I heard a noise—I went to the pantry cupboard to see if the plate was all right, and it was gone—I called the lad to run and see if he could see any one—we both ran, about twenty yards from the gate there were two men running—they had got this plate-tray between them—the prisoner was one of them—they dropped the tray—some man picked it up and gave it to me—it is Mr. Leslie's tray—it contained twenty-five spoons, some ladles, forks, and a butter-knife, all silver.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Has Archibald Leslie any other name?A. No; when I heard the noise I went out of the kitchen-door into the passage, to see if I could see any one—I could see no one, and I went from there into the pantry, and missed the plate—I went up the area steps into the road, and when I got out at the gate, about twenty yards from the area steps, I saw the two men running—I only saw the prisoner's back.





THOMAS PARNCUTT
. I am servant to Mr. Leslie. I ran out on the 12th of April, and saw two men, one of whom was the prisoner, with the plate-tray between them—I caught the prisoner—he was never out of my sight—I am sure he was one of those that were running with the tray—they ran—I ran after them—two ladles were dropped, which I picked up—I called "Stop thief"—a baker helped to stop them—I had seen the plate about half an hour before in the pantry cupboard—I had never seen the prisoner before.

Cross-examined. Q. When you got out did you see the prisoner? A. Yes, about thirty yards from me—he had got out of the gate, and was about twenty yards from it—Huntbeach came up directly—it was about a mile from

where I ran after them first, to where he was taken into custody—it was on the open common—the prisoner did not turn down any street—I saw him taken into custody.





STEPHEN EVERETT
. I am a baker, at Wands worth. I heard the cry of "Stop thief," and saw the prisoner running—I chased him about a mile—there was a ditch—he was on one side and I on the other—I lost sight of him, but I knew him again—I stopped him at last.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you in front of Parncutt, or before him? A. I lost sight of him and the prisoner also for a short time—I had to go round the road—it formed a sort of half triangle.
(James Bridgford, upholsterer, Eliza-place, Pimlico; John Elkett, cooper, Elizabeth-street, Pimlico; and Richard Blissett, shoemaker, Queen-street, Pimlico; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.
