



1768. 




JOHN PEARSON



, feloniously cutting and wounding 



Balfour Lamb, with intent to do him grievous bodily harm.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.
BALFOUR LAMB. On Saturday night, 8th Sept., I was at the Green Man, Whetstone, from ten to half-past, with George King and Francis Sivill—the prisoner, who was a stranger to me, came in with a fiddle—the fiddler asked him for it—he gave it him, and then he asked for the fiddle-bag—the prisoner said he gave it him outside—he denied it, and the prisoner said some one in the room must have got it, as he had lost it in the room—I said I was certain none of us had got such a paltry thing, for it was of no use to us—he said he was certain it was lost in the room, and some of the company must bave got it—he was making-a deal of noise—I asked the landlord to draw us a pint of beer—he said he should not draw any more while that noisy man was in the house—I said it was of no use to stop there, and went out of doors with my friends—when I had got about ten yards from the doors, I felt a blow on my right side—I turned round, and the prisoner was running away, but was close to me—when he had gone another yard or two, I put my hand to my side, and felt blood; my hand was covered with blood—we went to the Blue Anchor, and the landlord washed my side with brandy, and bound it up—I went with a policeman to a house where the prisoner's partner said he dwelt, and found the prisoner there, lying by the side of the gate—I gave him in charge—nothing had passed between us but what I have stated—I did not strike him at all. Prisoner. 1 did not strike you; you followed me out, knocked me down,

and kicked me. Witness. You were not knocked down or kicked in my presence.





GEORGE KING
. I was at the Green Man—the prisoner came in and said, "I am in for a b—y spree to-night"—the fiddler then came in, and askedthe prisoner for the fiddle-bag—he said he had given it to him outside—he said he had not—the prisoner said, "Then I have lost it in the room; some one in the room must have got it"—we said we had not, and he began to kick up a row, and called us rogues—the landlord said he would not draw any more beer while that noisy man was in the house—so we went outside to go home—I was behind them all—I think Lamb was first—the prisoner was just before me—I saw him strike Lamb on the right side—the blood came—I went with him to the Blue Anchor, and then went with a policeman and found the prisoner lying at the garden-gate of the house where he lodged—Lamb had not struck him.

Prisoner. The prosecutor hit me, and the fiddler followed me out and knocked me down. Witness. It is not true—the bag was found in the road about an hour afterwards, between the Blue Anchor and the Green Man—the prisoner had come that way to us—the bag was not brought into the house.





SAMUEL GILLMAN
 (policeman, S 76). I found the prisoner sitting by the side of his gate—I found a knife in his right-hand jacket-pocket, closed, but slightly marked with blood—his hand had a great deal of blood on it—I told him the charge—he said he knew nothing about it—here is a quantity of blood on Lamb's shirt (produced), and his coat and shirt are cut through.





CHARLES JOSEPH BULLOCK
. I am a surgeon. I found Lamb in bed, with a simple incised wound on his right side, such as might have been made with this knife—it was half an inch deep, and an inch or a little less in length—the rib prevented it going deeper, or it might have injured the lungs and proved fatal—it injured the rib.

Prisoner's Defence. As soon as I went out they knocked me down; the knife lay on the ground; I picked it up and put it into my pocket. 


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.

