



1836. 




FREDERICK BEADLE



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Lewis Winchester, at 
Lambeth, and stealing 1 coat, value 1l.; his property. MR. COCKLE

conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH WINDSOR WINCHESTER
. I live with my father, Lewis Winchester, in Clarendon-place, Vassal-road, Brixton; it is in Lambeth parish. Last Friday night, before I went to bed, I fastened the house—the front door was closed and bolted with two bolts—the staircase-window was shut down, but I am not sure that it was fastened—there was a brown great coat and a hat of my father's in the passage—my father is a tall man, about five feet nine or ten inches—in consequence of an alarm, I came down at four o'clock in the

morning—I found the street-door, the parlour-door, and the staircase-window, all wide open—they had all been closed on the previous night—I went up-stairs to an upper window, and called the police—I heard some footsteps going in the direction of Cowley-road, which is sixteen houses above our bouse—as far as I could judge, the footsteps were about six houses from our house—I missed the coat and hat about six o'clock—this is my father's coat—he wears his coats rather long, below the knees.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q.
HOW do you know this coat? A, By the figured lining inside; I know the colour of it—I have seen my father wear it—I have brushed it when it has been on him—it buttons on both sides—I was the last up in the house that night—my father, and mother, and sister live in the house, and there was an elderly lady passing the night there—my sister and I went up-stairs together that night, and the staircase-window was shut down—I did not put my hand under the blind to feel the catch, but the blind does not come to the bottom, and I saw that the window was shut down. WILLIAM JEGOS (policeman, P 294). On Friday morning, 14th Sept., I was on duty in Cowley-road—about a quarter before four o'clock my attention was attracted to some footsteps—I looked in the direction of the footsteps, and saw a person behind me crossing the road by a lamp—he was about 200 yards off, coming after me from the Vassall-road towards Brixton-hill—I went to the spot, and saw him go into a front garden, and there is a dark passage between two houses—I could not see any one when I first went up—I went in at the gate, and heard some one rustle—when I got to the end of the passage, the prisoner rushed out and jumped over a fence in front of a gentleman's house—he ran up the road towards Brixton-hill—I ran after him and caught him—as he was running, he pulled off a great coat, about fifteen yards from where I first saw him in the garden, and left the coat in the Cowley-road—I took him in the Brixton-road—I asked why he ran away—he said he had just asked the policeman the way to the Elephant and Castle—I said, "Where were you when I passed?"—he said, "I hid myself; it was not d—d likely I would come out to let you see me"—another officer came up, and I told him to go to the Cowley-road, where he would find a coat—the prisoner said he meant to have a d—d fine harvest that night, only he was taken in—my brother officer returned, and said he could not find the coat—I took the prisoner back to the dark passage, and told my brother officer to strike a light—we found this crow-bar in that passage, where the prisoner had been—the prisoner said, when it was found, that he knew'nothing about it—he said he had met two young Jews, and they lent him this coat to put on, and they said, "You had better hide yourself in this passage, the policeman is coming, and he will take us up for being out late in the morning"—I noticed the coat he bad had on was too long for him; it was down to his heels.





GEORGE JAMES
 (policeman, P 298). On Friday morning, 14th Sept, I was on duty in the Brixton-road—in consequence of directions from Jeggs, I went to look for a coat—I afterwards found it in the garden of the first house in Cowley-road, where a person might have thrown it—I went with Jeggs and the prisoner to the dark passage—I saw this crow-bar found—the prisoner said that the P's at Walworth would give him a b—y good character, and he meant to have a good harvest that night, but he was much mistaken—I went with the prisoner to the police-court, and he said to me," You seem to flash that jemmy; I should like to stick it into your b—y head;" and he said he thought it was the last time he should see that road; he should bid farewell to it—Jeggs did not point out exactly the spot where the coat was—it was found about fifteen yards from that spot.


Cross-examined. Q. How long was it after he told you of it that you found the coat? A. About three-quarters of an hour—it was in a garden about two yards from the road.
(The great-coat was put on the prisoner, and it reached down to his shoes.) 


GUILTY
.** Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Williams.

