




353. 



JOHN EDWARDS
, and 




RICHARD FENSOM
 were indicted for

 stealing 6 handkerchiefs, value 10s., the goods of 



Robert Cole; and that Edwards had been twice before convicted of felony.






ROBERT JAMES HURLE
. I am shopman to Mr. Robert Cole, a pawnbroker, in East-street, Walworth. On the 27th of Nov. I missed a bundle of handkerchiefs, which had been tied together at the door—I had seen them, as far as I can recollect, on the night of the 26th, about six o'clock—I have seen some handkerchiefs produced by Chapman and Davis—I know they are part of the lot I missed.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Which is the one that Chapman produced? A. This—I know it by its not being hemmed, and by the size and the pattern—this handkerchief had been hanging up in our shop for a long tirae, by the corner.

COURT. Q. Do you know the companion handkerchief to it? A. Yes, by its being frayed at the edge.





WILLIAM MORTON
 (police-constable P 289). On the 28th of Nov. I took Fensom into custody in his bed, in George-street, near the City of Salisbury, in Lock's-fields, Walworth—I had seen him frequently before; and on the 26th of Nov., at eight o'clock in the evening, as I was passing Mr. Cole's shop, I saw both the prisoners at the corner of a street, not more than ten yards from Mr. Cole's—on the 27th I heard of the robbery, which caused me to go after Fensom—I told him what he was charged with—he said he knew nothing about it—on going to the station, he said, was I going to have a mate with him—I said, "Yes, I expect to have your mate, John Edwards, presently"—he said that was all right—I have four handkerchiefs, given up by different pawnbrokers—the Magistrate did not think it necessary to bind them over.

Cross-examined. Q. It was at the corner of Camden-street you saw the boys, was it not? A. Yes, about ten yards from the prosecutor's.






RICHARD DAVIS
 (police-constable P 55.) I took the prisoner Ed wards—I told him he was charged on suspicion of stealing seven silk handkerchiefs from Mr. Cole's—he said he knew nothing at all of it—I produce this black handkerchief, which I received from Barrett.





SAMUEL BARRETT
. I live in Sun-street, East-lane, Walworth. I have known Edwards by sight about three years—I was in East-lane one night—I think it was on a Wednesday, about the 26th of Nov., at half-past eight o'clock at night—Edwards came up to my barrow, and gave me a handkerchief—he did not say anything, but told me to put it round my neck, and I wore it til! the constable took it—I saw Edwards had another handkerchief hanging down under his waistcoat—I had lent him 1d. or 2d. in money, and got this handkerchief as a gift.

Edwards. Q. Was you with your barrow in East-lane at half-past eight o'clock; you had sold out at half-past six o'clock, and went to a public-house and played at skittles? A. I did not sell out before a quarter past eight o'clock—I was coming along with my barrow at half-past eight o'clock in East-lane.

Edwards. He never lent me a farthing in his life. Witness. No, but I have pence and twopences—he had had 3d. that day, 1d. one time, and 2d. the next—I had seen him that day in East-lane.





SAMUEL CHAPMAN
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Lock's-fields. Fensom pawned this coloured handkerchief with me on the 27th of Nov., about nine o'clock In the morning, in his own name—I have known him a long time.





RICHARD HAMBROOK
 (police-constable P 109.) I produce a certificate of Edwaids's former conviction, which I got from the Clerk of the Peace for Surrey—(read—"Convicted the 4th of Dec, 1843, confined four months; the last week in each month in solitude, and to be once whipped")—he is the person, and he has been several times summarily convicted since.





JAMES RAPSEY
 (police-constable R 102.) I produce a certificate of Edwards's conviction in this Court—(read—"Convicted fhe 12th of May, 1845, and confined six months")—he is the person.

EDWARDS—


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years



FENSOM—


GUILTY
.—



Confined Twelve Months.

