



1466. 




WILLIAM SMITH
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Dutton Townsend, on the 
9th of May, and stealing therein 1 necklace, value 6l., his goods.






WILLIAM DUTTON TOWNSEND
. I am a pawnbroker, in Russell-street, Covent-garden. Last Saturday evening I was in my shop—I observed the prisoner through the shop-window, with a companion, standing outside the window, crouching down at a pane of glass—I was about to show a person

an article for sale, and observed a neck lace moving in the window—on looking at the prisoner and his companion they caught sight of me, and ran away—I saw a hole at the corner of the window—the necklace was then drawn through—it had been at the back part of the window, but they had drawn it from there by a wire, with a hook at the end of it, which I have got—one part of the pane was out—the necklace had been in the window in a case—I found part of it drawn through the hole—when they ran away I immediately pursued them, with my young man—I kept sight of them till they crossed Bow-street—my young man ran round Bridge-street way, and I saw him collar the prisoner—I had only lost sight of him at two turnings, but there were no other boys in the court to interrupt my sight—I know he was one of the boys at the window, because I followed him close—when I got round the first turning I saw two boys running before me—I did not lose sight of them again till I got to the second turning—I was still about the same distance when I got round the second turning—they were still running, and my young man caught the prisoner, who I am sure was one of them—I gave him in charge to the policeman—I went back to my shop—there was nobody else near my shop at the time—it was quite daylight—I am sure he is one of them—the window had been whole in the morning.





JAMES RATCLIFF CHESTER
. I am in the prosecutor's employ. I saw the prisoner and another boy at my master's window—they ran away as Mr. Townsend went to the window for something—I ran after them, and caught the prisoner—I cannot speak to his face, but when I got to the door, I saw him running and turn up the court, and Mr. Townsend after them—I followed, and saw them running up the court—there is only one outlet—I ran to the corner of Bow-street, and saw them come out of the court—the prisoner was the last that came out, and I secured him—I had gone round to meet them, and caught them after they had got out of the outlet—I afterwards examined the window, and found it broken, and the necklace hanging, about three inches of it, out of the corner of the window—the whole of it had been moved from its place, I am sure—I found a wire attached to the end of the neck chain, which was hanging out of the hole—this is the necklace and wire.

Prisoner's Defence. I was playing near Covent-garden theatre on Saturday night, and sat down to rest on the step of a door, and this young man came and took me.




GUILTY of Stealing only. Aged 14.—


Transported for Seven Years.
