



1420. 




WILLIAM ELPHINSTONE
 was indicted

 for feloniously uttering a forged order for the payment of 10l., with intent to defraud 



Moses Myers, well knowing it to be forged.






SARAH MYERS
. I am the wife of Moses Myers, of High-street, Shadwell. On the 24th of April the prisoner brought me the advance note for 10l. now produced—I had cashed a 4l. note for him three months before, and he did not go into the vessel—I said to him, "How is it to be between me and you? I hope you will behave honourably"—he said he would—he said I should take the 4l. note from the 10l., and he would allow me 1l. for having waited for the 4l. that would leave 5l.—he said he would have 2l. in money and the remainder in clothes—I said I would give him 10s.—he said that would not do, he must have a sovereign—I told my daughter to give him a sovereign, which she did—I then said to him, "Douglas, sign your name at the back," which he did—he said he was going to the ship then as chief mate, on board the Madras, at 5l. per month—he came to me next morning—I asked why he did not go on board—he said it would be time enough to go at three o'clock in the afternoon, if I would let my boy carry a parcel for him into the City—I said he should—he said, "You must let me have some more money"—I said, if he waited till the boy returned he should have it; and while he was waiting, my daughter came in with the note, and said, "Here, mother, the gentleman has forged a note upon you"—he flew over the counter—I caught him by the collar, and told him that out of my hands he should not go—my daughter called a policeman, and I gave him in charge.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long had you known him? A. Rather better than three months—I did not know where he was living

—I know a young man named Barrow—I never knew him to be a seaman—the prisoner first called with this note on Sunday the 24th—he came again on Monday morning—he had often called promising to pay the 4l.—my business is cashing notes, and my husband is a pencil-maker—(the note being read, engaged to pay 10l. three days after the "Madras" sailed, provided William Douglas sailed as mate in the said vessel. Signed
ROBERT SLACK, and payable at R. Forbes's, Old Broad-street.)





ROBERT SLACK
. I am master of the Madras lying in the London Docks. This note is not my handwriting nor signature—I never authorized it to be written—Mr. Forbes, Jun. was broker of the ship—the prisoner did not belong to the ship—I had partly agreed with him as second mate about six weeks ago, but he was not engaged, and had no advance-note issued to him—he had not worked on board the ship—this note is in the usual form of advance notes, but we never allow them to be signed by anybody but ourselves.

Cross-examined. Q. When was the ship to sail? A. She is not ready yet—the prisoner had been several times on board the ship, but I think not for three weeks before this happened—it was open for him to come again.—I had not finally rejected him.





WILLIAM RANCE
. (police-constable K 184.) I was called into the prosecutor's shop, and took the prisoner with the note.





ROBERT VALLANTINE
. I am an inspector of police. The prisoner was brought to the station—he said, "I signed my name on the back of the note, but did not fill it up."




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
