



1746. 




EDWIN GEORGE BARRINGTON
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 cash-box, value 4s.; 5 pieces of foreign coin, 1s. 6d.; 15 sovereigns, 10 half-sovereigns, 4 crowns, 40 half-crowns, 100 shillings, 80 sixpences, 120 groats, 2 10l. Bank-notes, and 1 5l. Bank-note; the property of 



Ann Blakey.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






ANN BLAKEY
. I keep the Volunteer public-house, Mill-place, Commercial-road—the prisoner came to lodge there about September—he was introduced by a respectable man who I knew—he worked in the neighbourhood—he was to pay 2s. a-week—he remained there about seven weeks,

till the 1st of November—I saw him go out for the last time between ten and eleven that day—he did not give me any notice that he was going—one week's rent and two or three shillings were owing—he was tolerably regular in his habits, and had more opportunity of observing my house than the others—he had his meals in the kitchen—after he left I wanted some money out of my Cash-box, and went to the drawer where I kept it, and the cash-box was gone—I had kept the drawer locked, and kept the key in my pocket—the cash-box was not locked—I had broken the lock about a fortnight before—it contained about 60l.—there were two 10l. notes, one 5l. note, about 15l. in silver, five foreign pieces, and the rest was in gold—the same evening my aunt found one piece of foreign coin on the bed the prisoner had slept in—these two keys were brought to me—one is a door key—the little key I know nothing of, but it opens my drawer—I did not give the prisoner this key—in the evening when the pot-boy was going to bed he produced this cash-box to me—it was empty, except four pieces of foreign coin—I have no doubt they are the same that were in the box.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. What class of persons frequent your house? A. Different sorts—there are three entrances to my house—one is always open—the tap-room or parlour was the proper place for the prisoner to be in—he cooked for himself—he generally cooked his meals in the tap-room, and took it into the kitchen to eat—I never objected to his being in the kitchen—this little key does not belong to the drawers in the prisoner's room—there was a chest of drawers in his room, but there were no locks on them except on one drawer, and this key would not touch it—I saw this cash-box safe the last day of Oct.—I perfectly well recollect seeing it then—I had the 5l. note in my hand—I keep two servants, a pot-boy and a servant girl—they have access to my house—I have sometimes two or three lodgers—I let the upper part out to lodgers.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Is his bed-room very near the pot-boy's bed-room? A. On the opposite side of the passage on the second floor—my bed-room is on the first floor.





MART WALDON
. I am the prosecutrix's aunt. She sent for me to come on this day, as she was in trouble—I went into the prisoner's bed-room—I took off the counterpane, and shook a piece of foreign coin off it on to the floor—I gave it to the prosecutrix—she wrapped it up in paper—nothing else had been found at this time.





RICHARD PHENEY
. I am pot-boy at the Volunteer. On the 1st of Nov. I saw the prisoner at half-past nine o'clock in the morning—he asked me which was the best doctor's to go to—I said, "Up the road, the first doctor's"—he said he had a pain in his back, and he would go—I told him I was going up that way, and would stop for him—I stopped some time, and sung out, "Are you coming?'—he said he was not coming just yet—when I got the pots in I found he was not gone—I was cleaning them in the back yard—he came out, and said, "I shan't be long, Dick, before I am back"—I did not see him again till he was in custody—I was taking off my trowsers the next night, and on folding them up on the bed, I heard something go crinkle—I lifted up the quilting, and saw the box—I went down, and told my mistress—another person fetched it down, and then I saw the four pieces of money in it—it was not in the bed I usually slept in—the prisoner had borrowed 1s. of me the day before—he said, "Dick, lend me 1s., I have got no money."

Cross-examined. Q. Did not he say he was extremely ill? A. No.





JEMIMA FORD
. I am married, and live in James-street, Cross-street, City-road. I have known the prisoner three years—I know a person named Dorking—she lived at Islington, about half a mile from me—on a Wednesday, at

the beginning of Nov., he came to Miss Dorking—he sent a boy for me—I went there, and he said he had left his situation, he was discharged that morning, and he was going to leave London, and wished to make me some amends for what I had done for him at the time he lodged with me—I refused to accept of anything—my friend was going to buy some trimmings for a dress—I accompanied her, and the prisoner went with us—we all three went into the shop, and bought a dress for me which cost 12s. 6d.—the prisoner paid for it by a note—I cannot say whether it was a 5l. or 10l. note—Dorking bought her trimming at the same shop, but not with the prisoner's money—we went to another shop, and the prisoner bought a shawl for me for 36s. 6d., and a collar and small handkerchief for Dorking—he paid for it with a 5l. note—next day some inquiries were made, and we gave the things up to the inspector.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the first note? A. No—I do not know what was received in change—I believe a 5l. note was given him in change—I had seen him on the previous Sunday afternoon at Stepney—he had a 10l. note in his possession that day—I heard him tell his cousin that it was a Bristol note that he had in his possession, and he kept it to pay his wife's rent—his wife was living at Bristol—I have known him three years—he bore a very good character.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Was he ever so liberal to you before? A. No—my husband was at home that Sunday—I do not know whether he saw this 10l. note—his cousin is in the habit of coming from Bristol with a vessel, and he was at my house when he came—they went to a public-house in the City-road on the Sunday night to get a glass of brandy-and-water, and he was going to change his note, his cousin said, "Don't change your note,"and he lent him a sovereign—I did not say a word about it before the Magistrate, because I was not asked.





JEMIMA DORKING
. I live in Field-terrace, Battle-bridge. In Nov. last I was living at Islington—on the 1st of Nov. the prisoner called at my house, and he told me through being at our house on Sunday he did not feel very well, and did not go to work—he said, "I have got the sack to-day"—he asked me to go for Ford—I said I had some work to do, and sent a little boy—when she came he said, "What do I owe you?"—she did not make any answer—he said, "I must go home now"—I wanted a little gimp, and we all went—I could not get what I wanted at the shop, and he bought Ford a dress—he afterwards went to another shop with me further on Islingtongreen—he saw some shawls at the first shop—they were three guineas and a half, and he could not afford that—he went to another shop, and bought one for 36s. 6d.—he gave me a collar, which came to 2s.—I gave it up to Penny—I saw the prisoner change a note at the first shop, but whether it was the one he had on the Sunday or not I cannot say—I said at the police-office that he had a note in his possession on the Sunday.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see enough to know whether it was a Bank of England note he changed at the first shop? A. No, I did not see what was given at the second shop—I have known the prisoner about eighteen months.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. I believe you have been to see him in Newgate? A. Yes—my mother and Mrs. Dorking were with me.





JOHN FRANKLIN
. I am a police sergeant at Bristol. I received a letter from our superintendent about the 4th of Nov.—I met the prisoner in Castle-street, Bristol—I told him I was going to arrest him for a robbery committed in the Volunteer public-house in Limehouse—he said, "It is not me"—I said, "Oh, yes, it is; I am satisfied it is you; you must come with me"—he said, "I used to lodge there"—I then conveyed him to the station and pulled the Police Gazette from my pocket and read the advertisement to

him—he said, "Let me see it, will you?"—he read it, and said, "It does not answer my description, does it?"—I said, "No"—he put his hand up and said, "My whisker is larger"—I said, "Yes, but six months makes a great difference to a person; but I am satisfied you are the person; besides I had a letter from the inspector, giving your name, and the residence of your wife, and the cash taken, and the box"—I said, "I have got the letter, you shall see it"—I sent for it but could not get it, and when the message came back he said, "Do you know whether it stated whether the box was broken open or not?"—I said, "It is six months ago since I read the contents; I can't recollect that, whether it is so or not, but most likely it may be"—shortly after I said, "If you had given the landlady notice of your intention of going that would have removed part of the suspicion that rests on you"—he said, "I owed her 9s., and I had not the means of paying her without depriving myself of the means of going on tramp"—about an hour after I was going up Castle-street to the Magistrate, and the prisoner said, "Don't the Government keep clerks in the convict department"—I said, "I don't know, what was your object in asking"—he said, "You know I received a liberal education, and I may succeed in getting a situation"—I told him if he did it would depend on his conduct.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he not say, "There has been many an innocent man transported, and perhaps I may be?" A. I am confident he did not.





WILLIAM PENNY
 (police-inspector.) This shawl, dress, and other things were delivered up to me on the 4th of Nov. by Dorking and Ford—I have tried every means of finding where they were bought, but 1 could not succeed.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.

