



793. 




JOHN DAVIS
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Samuel Brown, on the 
10th of Jan., at 
Christchurch, and stealing therein, 2 knives, value 1s.; and 1 brush, value 1s., his property; and that he bad been twice before convicted of felony.






SAMUEL BROWN
. I am a chimney-sweeper, and live in Swan-court in the parish of Christchurch. It is my dwelling-house—on Wednesday evening, the 10th of Jan., I left my house about seven o'clock—I shut the door fast, and doubled locked it—I came back about twenty-five minutes past seven, and saw a light in the house, and the door standing slightly open—I saw the prisoner in the house—I watched, and saw him searching the things over in the cupboard—he took up two knives and a brush from the fire-place—he had a large candle alight in his hand—I caught hold of the door, shut it to, and shut him in—I made an alarm, and in half-a-minute there was a score of people round the door—I heard a smash as if the candlestick was thrown into the cupboard, and heard a run up-stairs—in four or five minutes an officer came, who went in, and took him—I am sure he is the man I had seen at the cupboard.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Are you quite certain you double-locked the door? A. Yes—my wife was out—I never saw the prisoner before

to my knowledge—a good many persons live in and near Swan-court—Ihave not lost anything.





ABRAHAM HAND
. Iassisted in taking the prisoner into custody—Ikicked against a bag next door to the prosecutor's, which contained eight skeleton keys and a crowbar, which Igave to the officer.

Cross-examined. Q. Whereabout did you find this bag? A. Underneath the prosecutor's window, outside the door.
--------(policeman.) I produce eight keys and a crowbar, which Ireceived from Hand—Ihave tried them to the prosecutor's door, and one of them opens it with the greatest ease.





RICHARD BRANTON
 (policeman.) Iproduce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read)—he is the person.





JOHN COLE
 (City policeman.) Iproduce another certificate of the prisoner's conviction—(read)—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.

