



1209. 




JOSEPH SMITH
, was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
13th of March, 1 crown-piece, and 1 shilling, the monies of 




William Rohrs.






ELIZABETH ROHRS
. I am the wife of William Rohrs, a sugar-baker, and live in Pell-street, Ratcliffe-highway. On the 13th of March I was in an omnibus with a child in my lap, going towards Notting-hill—the prisoner got in at Cornhill—I am sure he is the man—he sat on the right side of me—I was on the left side—he was nearer the door than I was—I had a bag on my right side, the same side as the prisoner sat—I had a purse in my bag containing a 5s. piece and a shilling—I saw the prisoner's hand move—a lady sat opposite me—she looked at me, and I thought of my bag—I put my hand down to take my bag up, the purse was hanging out, and it dropped—I took it up, examined it, and the 5s. piece and the shilling were gone—I laid hold of the prisoner's, arm as he was going to get up directly I felt my purse—I caught hold of his coat, he put his hand up to the side of the omnibus door, and I saw a 5s. piece in his hand—I gave an alarm, and the conductor ran after him—I am sure he is the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. How long had you an opportunity of seeing him? A. He got in at Cornhill, and got out at the Mansion-house—he was in about a quarter of an hour—the omnibus stopped at the Mansion-house, and he got out there, immediately after he took my money.





PRISCILLA WILSON
. I was in this omnibus—I saw Mrs. Rohrs—I saw the prisoner—as soon as he got into the omnibus he looked at the bag, which laid on the seat—he put his coat out, and I saw him put his hand under his

coat, where the bag laid—I nodded to the prosecutrix to take notice of it—she stopped him—he put his hand behind him to another man.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure of the person? A. Yes—he got in at Cornhill—the omnibus stopped at the Mansion-house for a passenger, and he jumped out immediately.





WILLIAM FRYER
. I am conductor to this omnibus. The prisoner got in opposite the Exchange, and got out at the Mansion-house—it is a very uncommon thing for a person to do that—the lady laid hold of the prisoner's coat—I ran after him—he had paid me 6d.





DAVID GORMAN
. I saw the prisoner running up Cornhill—I stopped him after a good run—I succeeded in laying hold of his collar—he was stopped by a gentleman, but got away—I succeeded in taking him.





CHARLES TYE
 (City police-constable, No. 489.) I took the prisoner, and found on him four sixpences, a gold pencil-case and 4d. in halfpence.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

