




2769. 




THOMAS JENKINS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
13th of May, 54 dinner-plates, value 351l.; 1 dozen of plated plates, 12l.; 1 paper plate, 12s.; 1 silver box, 6l.; 17 plates, 160l.; and 1 plate chest, 2l.; the goods of 



Edward Cane and others.—2nd and 3rd COUNTS, stating them to be the goods of 



William Robert Seymour Fitzgerald, in his dwelling-house.—4th COUNT, stating them to be the goods of the 




Right Rev. Charles James, Lord Bishop of London.—5th COUNT, stating them to be the goods of the 

Ordinary of the said diocese.—6th COUNT, stating them to be the goods of a certain person whose name is unknown. (See Eighth Session, page 255)


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE THORPE
. I was in the service of the late Lord Fitzgerald as under-butler—I remained there till after his death—he died on Thursday morning, the 11th of May—I am now in the service of Mr. Williams, of Eden Bustard—on the Friday after Lord Fitzgerald's death I remember a person coming into the pantry with Howse the steward—his back was towards me, but by the prisoner's height, and his fine stout appearance, I believe he is the person—I was in the pantry—I did not like to stand to hear what they had to say, and went out—I returned in about five minutes—they were still there—there were in that pantry ten or eleven chests of his late lordship's plate—the plate closet had been under repair, it opens into the pantry, and the plate chests had been removed there on that account—when I returned into the pantry the man who was there with Howse, was standing by the plate chests—I recollect one chest in particular which stood on the top—that was the chest that was afterwards stolen—it contained a great number of silver dinner plates and silver gilt plates—it was full, and they were Lord Fitzgerald's—the man was standing with his hand on the chest that was afterwards stolen—it was then about half-past six in the evening—I heard Howse say to him, "I think this pantry is larger than yours"—they then both went into the plate closet, and Howse said, "You see we have had this done up for the old man, but it is of no use now"—next day, about noon, I went out for beer—I shut the area door after me—when I returned I found the area door still fastened—Smith, the butler, opened it for me—West was there at the time—in a few minutes I went up to the dining-room where the servants were to be measured—all the servants were there but Howse—I had been down in the servant's hall when Howse ordered me to go up to be measured—when I had been up in the dining-room two or three minutes I heard an alarm—I went down stairs directly, and when I looked in the pantry I missed the plate chest that was on the top—I had seen it safe in the pantry at twelve o'clock, just before I went for the beer—I had had occasion to take one of the plates out of that chest, and that plate had only been put away out the Friday morning—when I came in with the beer, there was a horse and cart standing at the door, and a man standing at the horse's head at the area gate—there had been workmen engaged in the plate closet on the day before, and Howse had ordered them not to come on the day of the robbery.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. When did you first see the prisoner after the time you speak of? A. I saw him the other day on my examination at Queen-square—he was in a lock up place—he was alone—I believe it was the turnkey took me to him—it was a man I did not know—the inspector did not go with me—I did not see the inspector that morning—I had not seen him the day before—I did not see him till the next morning—it was about a week before I saw the prisoner that I first knew that a man was taken who was charged with having been a party in this robbery—that was communicated to me by a letter I received from Mr. Lethbridge—I saw Mr. Pearce about a

week afterwards—that was after I had seen the prisoner—I went to Queen-square for the purpose of seeing the prisoner—the turnkey shewed me to a cell where he was lying down on the bench.





CATHERINE PARKER
. I was housekeeper to the late Lord Fitzgerald—I had a room in the lower part of his house, which adjoined the room from whence the plate chest was taken—I was at home on the Friday evening before the robbery—I noticed a man who came that evening to see Howse, the steward—he resembled the prisoner in every way—he had rather more whiskers about the face than he had under his chin—I heard him in conversation with Howse—I heard Howse say there was a quantity of plate, and that the plate closet had been fitted up, and how the chests were to be arranged; and he said, "I suppose your master will be having one fitted up something like it"—he made some answer, but I did not hear what, and then Howse introduced him into my room—he introduced me to him as
"Mrs. Parker,—Lord Fitzgerald's housekeeper,—my friend"—I turned round and looked at him, and then turned my head again—the prisoner resembles him, and I do think he is the man, but I can't positively swear it—when they went out of my room they went along the passage, and I heard the man say to Howse,"What door is this?" and Howse said, "This is the wine cellar door"—the passage they went along leads from the place where the plate was, to the area door—I cannot tell how long the man was there—he was in the pantry, and I believe he had been in Howse's room—the following day, about twelve o'clock, an alarm was given that the plate had been taken—shortly before that Howse had been in my room—after he left my room I think he closed the door, but I can't say that it was fastened—as soon as he closed the door I heard a shuffling of feet, wbicb appealed like two persons with a weight—if a person stood at my room door they could not see all down the passage, as there is a projection—they would look down as far as Howse's room—it could not have been more than a minute after I heard the shuffling of the feet, before I heard that something had been carried out—the cook ran from the kitchen, and made a communication to me.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. When did you see the prisoner again? A. At Queen-square, in a little place like a passage—there was another man and a woman there—inspector Pearce desired me to go there to see if I could recognise the person supposed to be implicated in the robbery—Howse had been many years in Lord Fitzgerald's service, in a very confidential situation—he had many persons visiting him occasionally on business—I do not know whether he had many persons come to see him, because he used to take them into his room—I did not speak to this person when he was introduced, I merely bowed.





MARY HAWKINS
. I was kitchen-maid in Lord Fitzgerald's service last May, when he died. On the Friday evening before the plate-chest was lost, I saw Howse and another man in the kitchen of Lord Fitzgerald's house, between six and seven o'clock—I only saw the back of the man—he was a tall man, and resembled very much the height of the prisoner—on the Saturday, at half-past twelve o'clock, I was in the passage, between the servants' hall and Howse's room, going from the kitchen into the pantry, and saw two men come along the passage, carrying a box out towards the area from the pantry—I did not know that anything was wrong, and I stood against the wall to let them go by—one of the persons was in height of the appearance of the prisoner.
f CATHARINE WILLIAMS. I was cook at the late Lord Fitzgerald's; I am now in the service of Captain Bulkley, and was so before I went to Lord Fitzgerald's. I remember the Saturday on which the robbery took place—I

had been in my kitchen all the morning—the door of that kitchen is close against the door which leads out into the area—about twelve o'clock Thorpe went out for beer, and came in again—he and another man went out of the kitchen—about half-past twelve I heard a noise, and opened the kitchen door—I saw a man's hand inside the door that leads to the area, as if the man had gone out, and was drawing the door to after him—in consequence of that I went to the door on which the man's hand was—I opened it, and saw two men carrying a box out, which had the appearance of a plate chest—the area steps do not begin directly you go out—you have some distance to go, and then the steps turn round—one of the two men was taller than the other—I had an opportunity of seeing the person of the tall man—he walked across the area, and then went up the steps—he is the man that had the lower part of the chest carrying up—the fair man went up first, and his face was towards me; and the dark man, who was the tall man, had his back towards me—a they went up they had to turn, and I then had a side view of the tall man—the prisoner—(looking at him)—is that man—I had seen him on the Friday evening when Howse brought him to the kitchen, and said, "Mrs. Williams, my friend," and they walked through the kitchen into the brewhouse, where they had been brewing beer, to show him the lower part of the house—I looked at the man, as it was such an odd expression to say "My friend"—it was between six and seven o'clock—I had a full opportunity of looking at the man—Howse brought him into the kitchen, and said, "This house don't look as large as yours does, but I think there is more room down below"—the man said, "Yes, this is quite a little castle to what our house is"—I ran to the housekeeper's room, and gave an alarm when I saw the chest taken.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you had any conversation with Mrs. Parker about this prisoner? A. No, not on the Friday evening; but on the Saturday, when the policeman came, I told Mr. Howse, twenty minutes afterwards, "I am certain I have seen that tall man come here"—on the Monday afterwards I saw Fuller in custody—I knew him at once—he was one who was carrying the chest and had his face towards me—I had a very good opportunity of seeing his face—I had not heard at that time that Fuller had visited there, but I heard my fellow-servants swear it at the trial—when I saw him at the station on that Monday I recognized him at once—I said on the trial that I would not swear, but I had no objection to take my oath that he was the man—I have not the least doubt he was the man, and nobody shall convince me that he was not the man—no one shall remove it from my mind that he was the man—I saw one person come up at the trial to swear that he was not the man, but I went out—I heard at Queen-square that there were witnesses to swear I was mistaken—I know Fuller was acquitted, but I was not in Court when the Judge stopped the trial—I saw the prisoner in charge last Saturday week—that was more than four months since the 13th of May—I was just as positive of the prisoner as I was of Fuller—I saw the prisoner's side-face and his figure, and nobody shall convince me that he is not the man—I was four months in Lord Fitzgerald's service—I had no friends to visit me except a cousin, who is a lady's maid—I have frequently seen friends visit Howse.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Where did you see the prisoner? A. At the prison, last Saturday week—he was mixed with other persons, I think about six or seven—I recognized him amongst them directly I saw him—my eye was fixed on him—I asked him to take off his hat, and he did so—his hat was on when I saw him in the area, but it was off when I saw him on the Friday evening—I gave a description of the tall man immediately after the robbery.





WILLIAM WOODBRIDGE
. I was valet to Lord Fitzgerald. On the Saturday,

the day of the loss of the plate-chest, I was measured in the dining-room—all the servants were there but Howse—I heard the alarm of the robbery about twenty minutes past twelve o'clock, or from that to half-past—I know the prisoner—I remember his coming to Lord Fitzgerald's in the course of his life-time—he came to see Howse—I often saw him there—I have let him in myself—I have seen Howse and him go out together—they appeared to be intimate friends.





HENRY YORK SMITH
. I was butler to Lord Fitzgerald. The plate was usually kept in the closet, but on this occasion it was in the pantry—I remember on the Friday, between two and three o'clock, a man coming to the area door—I opened it, and he asked for Mr. Howse, who was not at home—I told him so—he went away—to the best of my belief, the prisoner was the man—I left the house at half-past six that evening—I met Howse while I was out, close by the Lowndes Arms, in Lisle-place—we went in, and he gave me a glass of ale—he went out directly, and was out for about two minutes, while the landlord was mixing a glass of brandy and water—Howse came back, drank his brandy and water, then went out, and I did not see him any more—on the Saturday, about twelve o'clock, while I was being measured, there was an alarm of the chest being gone.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. I suppose it was not unusual for you to go to a public-house? A. I was not going there, but Howse asked me—I do not often take brandy and water—I was at the last trial, and heard Williams swear to Fuller—I heard you call several witnesses to prove that he was in another place—I went out of the Court after the first witness was examined.





THOMAS LETFORD
. I keep the Lowndes Arms, in Lisle-place, Eatonsquare. I remember the day on which the robbery took place—on the day before that, Howse was at my house about four, or from four to six o'clock——I am certain it was before six—Howse and Smith the butler were there—I know the prisoner—he came to my house on the Friday about two o'clock, I think—he asked if Howse was there—I said no, he was not—he said he had appointed to meet him there—another man was with the prisoner—I believe the prisoner went into the skittle-ground, and when Howse came I told him a person had inquired for him, and was in the skittle-ground—Howse left my bar, going towards the skittle-ground—I saw Howse again that evening—he came into my bar parlour—Smith was there, and Howse left Smith in the bar—I had seen the prisoner three or four times before—I have not the least doubt in the world that he is the person.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. I believe there were a great many people in the skittle-ground? A. There were some people there—Howse had been at my house, but I never knew him but once before that go into the skittle-ground—he generally came and sat in my bar parlour, the same as Mr. Smith and persons whom I have known many years, acquaintances of mine—there was very seldom anybody there when Howse came.





BENJAMIN HAMMETT
. I am pot-man at the Lowndes Arms. I remember, on the Friday afternoon before the robbery, seeing the prisoner in my master's skittle-ground about six o'clock in the evening—I saw Howse there talking to the prisoner and another gentleman, for about a quarter of an hour—I did not see Smith, the butler there—I saw him when I was called to go out with some porter—when I returned Howse and the prisoner were gone.





NICHOLAS PEARCE
 (inspector of the A division.) I know very little of the prisoner, but I had some knowledge of him before this robbery—I was called on on account of the robbery—I heard the cook and the other servants describe a tall man—I knew where the prisoner lived at that time, and in consequence

of the description I had, I watched the house in which he lived, and used every exertion to find him, for about a week after the robbery—I was not able to find him out, or to trace him in any way, till he was taken—I was present when he was taken into custody at the place where he lived, No. 2, Coburg-place, Lower Kennington-lane, Lambeth—he had no coat on when I went in, but a dirty black handkerchief round his neck, and he appeared to be sun-burnt—he has on a white cravat now—I never saw him with one on before—he bad whiskers when he was taken, as he has now.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Have you been in attendance at these Sessions lately? A. I have been in attendance on this case, and I think I have been at every Session for the last twelve months, in pursuance of my duty.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Have you persons under your control in the police? A. Yes, entirely under my direction—though I have had to attend here I have instructed other persons to watch the prisoner, and when they have been obliged to attend here I have given directions to other officers—Thornton was one officer to whom I gave direction.




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Years.

