




2941. 




CHARLES JOHNSON
 was again indicted for

 breaking and entering the shop of 



Thomas Crawford, on the 
11th of Sept., at 
St. Ann's, Westminster, and stealing therein 11 umbrellas, value 6l. 10s.; 26 walking sticks, 5l. 3s.; and 2 yards of baize, 1s.; the goods of said Thomas Crawford: and 




ELIZABETH CROWLEY



, for feloniously receiving part of the same goods, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.: and that Johnson had been before convicted of felony.






THOMAS CRAWFORD
. I am an umbrella manufacturer, and live in Prince's street, Leicester-square. On Saturday night, the 9th of Sept., I left my shop

locked up, a few minutes after twelve o'clock—I left no one in the house—I have merely a shop—I do not live there—the shop was fast locked—I went about a quarter past eight the next Monday morning—the first thing I saw was two ropes lying on the floor—I looked round, and found some umbrellas, some silver-mounted canes, and some green baize, were gone, that I had left on the Saturday night in the window—the persons must have got into my shop by a key—the door was locked the same as when I left it—I unlocked it with my own key—there is no communication from my shop to the rest of the house—there was no way by which a person could come in but by going through the front door—the shutters were all right.





THOMAS BARTHOLOMEW
. I am a manufacturer of walking sticks. I know these sticks to be my manufacture—I disposed of them, and a quantity of other goods, a few days previous to the robbery, to Mr. Crawford—I am quite sure these are part of what I disposed of to him—they are of a pattern, the first that ever I brought out in the trade—there is a difference between them and what other persons make, in the colour of the sticks and the varnish.





THOMAS CRAWFORD

re-examined. These six sticks are part of what I lost—I am sure of it—I had had them only a few days before—they were in the shop that Saturday night—the green baize was in my shop that night—I missed it on the Monday morning.





MARIA MARKS
. I live in Prince's-street, Leicester-square, opposite the prosecutor's shop. A few minutes before six o'clock, on Monday morning, I was sitting at the first floor window, and saw three men—Johnson was one of them, I am sure—the prosecutor's outside door was open—the other two went inside, and Johnson stood and kept watch outside for two or three minutes—he walked up and down—he saw me, and then knocked at the door, and spoke to the other two men—I saw one of them put his head out, and speak to him—Johnson then went and stood at the post at the corner of Lisle-street—the other two men came out with a green baize, and some sticks and umbrellas—they went to Johnson, and they all went away.

Johnson. She was asked if I was seen to speak to the men, and she said, "No;" this is a different statement altogether. Witness. I was up at the window—the window was shut—I saw you through the glass.





HENRY SMITH
 (police-sergeant A 28.) I found these sticks in the house No. 34, Castle-street, on the 21st of Sept.—I found Crowley and two more women there—Crowley ran away, when we went in and said she wanted to go and call the landlady—another woman tried to follow her, but I shoved her into the room, and kept her there—I found these sticks in a corner of the room, and this baize over a little table—I have kept them ever since.





JOHN WILSON
. I am landlord of No. 34, Castle-street. On the 6th of Sept., Crowley, who was called Mrs. Moore, came to take an apartment for her husband and her—I required her husband to come, and Johnson, who was called Moore, came—I let him the apartment, which they occupied till the 21st—I never saw Johnson in the apartment—Crowley paid the rent.

Johnson's Defence. I was not in Prince's-street—Marks must have been mistaken—I was at work at the time—I could produce the master and two men who I was working with.





CHARLES WALTON
. I produce a certificate of Johnson's conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I know the prisoner is the man—he entered the shop of Mr. Bax, and stole a coat—I was the prosecutor, and was present at his trial.

JOHNSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.
CROWLEY—


NOT GUILTY
.
