





521. 




THOMAS LONG
 and 



ELIZABETH LONG
 were indicted for

 stealing 4 pairs of boots, value 8s. and 1 other boot, 1s.; the goods of the 

London and South Western Railway Company.—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 



William Chaplin and another, the masters of Thomas Long.—3rd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 




John Browning
.

MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






HART ISAACS
. I am a boot and shoe-dealer, and live in Harrow-alley, Houndsditch. On the 13th of Dec. I sold some boots and shoes to Mr. Browning, of Farnham—I put them into a sack, secured them at each corner, and sewed them in the middle—they were directed to Mr. Browning, Farnham—they were to be sent from the Spread Eagle to the railway—I sent them by the porter—since then I have seen a pair of Adelaide boots, a pair of boy's half-boots, and another odd Blucher boot—they are part of what I put into the sack and sent to Gracechurch-street—I have also seen the half-boots in possession of Pearl—I have the odd Blucher boot, which I received from the man that showed it to me—this is it.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. How many did you send down? A. I do not know how many pairs, because they were a lot—they were not my manufacture—I buy unredeemed pledges of hawkers and at sales—this is an odd Blucher boot—I sent a pair of them down—I might have many pairs like this.





JUDAH ISAACS
. I occasionally carry parcels for Hart Isaacs. On the 15th of Dec. I carried a parcel of boots and shoes for him to the Spread Eagle, Gracechurch-street, sewed in a sack—I delivered them as I received them—they were directed to Mr. Browning—I believe this to be the bag I left at the Spread Eagle—I booked it there.





ROBERT HATHAWAY
. I am book-keeper at the Spread Eagle. I received this parcel on the 13th of Dec. from Judah Isaacs—I booked it to go by the luggage train—the prisoner Thomas Long was employed by Chaplin and Horne, the delivery agents to the London and South Western Railway Company—I delivered him that parcel that afternoon to take to the station at Nine Elms.

Cross-examined. Q. You have several men who take these goods to the railway? A. Yes—I know he is the person by the entry in this book.





JOHN DEAN
. I am principal clerk in the booking-department at Nine Elms. On the 13th of Dec. I received a parcel of boots and shoes from Thomas Long, about half-past six o'clock, addressed to Mr. Browning—I saw it weighed, and placed in a situation to be loaded—I was in the room till Harrison had it—there were a great many parcels—no one had an opportunity of opening them.





JAMES HARRISON
. I am guard of the luggage-train at the London and South Western station. This bag of boots and shoes was placed in my road-box—the box I ride in—it was delivered by me at the Farnborough station in the same state, about one in the morning.

Cross-examined. Q. Did it appear full? A. No, it appeared to me to be rather slightly packed—it was sewn in the centre—it was put into my box about eight o'clock.





WILLIAM BERRYMAN
. I am porter at the Farnborough-station of the South Western Railway—I received this sack of boots early on the morning of the 14th—I took it into the office, and it was delivered to Trussell's van, in the same state that I received it.





RICHARD GODDARD
. Between three and five o'clock in the afternoon of the 14th of Dec. last, I helped to unload Mr. Trussell's van at Farnham—my companion gave me out a sack of boots and shoes—I took them to Browning's shop, and delivered them to Mrs. Browning.






JOHN BROWNING
. I deal in boots an shoes, at Farnham. I made a purchase of Hart Isaacs, of boots and shoes—I received a parcel on the 14th, at my house—it was not unpa cked that night, and appeared to me to be as it was packed—I had stopped, and saw it packed at Isaacs—when I unpacked it on the morning of the 15th, I missed seven pairs of boots and shoes, and one odd Blucher boot:—I have seen the fellow to the odd Blucher boot—this is it—I remember these being one pair which I bought—I saw them put into the bag—I saw some others at the station.

Cross-examined. Q. How many pairs of boots were there in the parcel? A. Sixty-four pairs—I saw it leave Isaacs's house, to go to the inn.





JOHN SAUNDERS
. I am a hawker and general dealer, I live in Thrawl-street, Brick-lane. On the 14th of Dec. I called at the prisoner's house in Spring-place, Wandsworth—I saw Elizabeth Long—I asked if she wanted anything in my way—she said she wanted half-a-dozen cups and saucers and a pair of pictures—I took them to her the next morning, and in exchange she brought me a pair of boy's boots, tip-toed and heeled—she said she had given 5s. 6d. for them, and they were too small for the boy—she brought me out this pair of Adelaide boots, this pair of slippers, and an odd Blucher boot—I agreed to allow her 5s. for them—I sold her half-a-dozen cups and saucers, and a pair of pictures for them—I sold them to Pearl for 6s.





HENRY PEARL
. I deal in boots and shoes—I produce the boots and shoes which I bought of Saunders, on the 15th of Dec. for 6s.—I was carrying them down Harrow-alley, and was stopped by Mr. Hart Isaacs, who examined and identified them.





JOHN HAYNES
. I am a police-inspector—I apprehended the prisoners on the 29th of December—I said the charge was for stealing boots and shoes from a package—Thomas Long said he knew nothing about it—Elizabeth Long said she had bought them of a female hawker, whom she had only seen once before—on searching a pair of drawers in her house, I found a duplicate of a pair of boots, pawned on the 15th of Dec. for 2s.—I asked whose they were—she said her own.





JOSEPH EDWIN CRESWELL
. I am in the service of a pawnbroker, in Wandsworth-road. I produce a pair of women's boots, pawned by Elizabeth Long on the 15th of Dec., in the name of Ann Long.





JASPER BONISTON DALBY
. I am superintendent of police, at the London and South Western Railway. I produce a pair of snow boots—I saw them in the prisoner's house at Spring-place, on the 29th of Dec.—I did not take them then—on the 1st of January I went again, and they were not there—I got them at a house in Suffolk-street, in the Borough, from Mrs. Austin.





ANN AUSTIN
. I live in John-street, Suffolk-street, Borough—I had these snow boots from the prisoner's son, on Sunday, the 31st of Dec, to take into the gaol.





HART ISAACS

re-examined. These boots and shoes are what I sold to Mr. Browning, these tips and Adelaide's, and all the others.





JOHN BROWNING

re-examined I firmly believe these to be part of the goods which I saw packed—they are similar—I described these snow boots to the officer.

Thomas Long's Defence. I know nothing of it.

THOMAS LONG—


GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Seven Years.


ELIZABETH LONG—


NOT GUILTY
.
