



1640. 




CAROLINE AMELIA FLETCHER
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
20th of April, at 
St. Paul, Shadwell, 1 apron, value 6d., the goods of 



Henry Brown: 1 bonnet, value 3d.; 1 shawl, value 1s.; 4 handkerchiefs, value 6s.; 1 petticoat, value 18d.; 1 apron, value 6d.; 1 pair of boots, value 1s.; 5 sovereigns, 4 shillings, and 1 penny; the property of 



Catherine Harvey, her mistress, in her dwelling-house.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the property of 



Frederick Harvey, in his dwelling-house.







CATHERINE HARVEY
. I am the wife of Frederick Harvey, of No. 94, New Gravel-lane, in the parish of St. Paul, Shadwell, and occupy the house. My children brought the prisoner to my door on Easter Saturday—she seemed in distress—I gave her some victuals and some old clothes to wear, and promised to try to get her into some place—she staid three weeks with me entirely on charity—on the 20th of April she lighted a fire in my room—I fell asleep after that, and on awaking she was gone—I went to my box in my room—it was open—the key had been in my daughter's pocket during the night—I found it on the table—I missed from the box five sovereigns, four shillings, and one penny, which the prisoner had seen me put there the Saturday before; also a pair of boots, a shawl, four silk handkerchiefs, an apron, and a white petticoat—she was afterwards apprehended, and the shawl, bonnet, apron, and boots were found on her—I had not given her any of them (the apron belongs to Mary Ann Brown) she had told roe she had no friends at all, but I found her aunt in Chapel-street, who said she had been gone away three-quarters of an hour, but I went and found she was getting over the yard at the back of the house—I caught her, and said if she would give up my property I would not give her in charge; that she had taken all I had to maintain my children—I gave her in charge of a policeman in Charles-street.

Prisoner. The woman gave me the apron, and told me to put the boots on; I never saw the money or the handkerchief. Witness. I did not—I was asleep at the time—she was in the habit of having the key of my door, because she was the first to come down in the morning—she was taken about half-past twelve o'clock—she left my room about eight o'clock in the morning—I knew nothing of her before.





MART ANN BROWN
. I am the wife of Henry Brown, and lodge with Mrs. Harvey—I sleep in the same room with her. On Wednesday morning, the 20th of April, the prisoner lighted a fire, and I saw her go to the box, while Mrs. Harvey was asleep—she used frequently to open the box for Mrs. Harvey, who often sent her to it, and I thought nothing of it—when she left the room she told me she was going for some new bread for breakfast—she did not come back—I missed a cotton apron, which was found on her—I bad not given it to her.





ANN PRICTOR
. I am the wife of James Prictor, of No. 3, Chapel-street, St. George's. My sister married the prisoner's father when she was about five years old—she nursed my child for eighteen months, and was a very good girl then—she came to me on this Wednesday morning, about twelve o'clock, and said she had left her place, that her mistress had sold her things and gone to Liverpool—she had a parcel, containing print enough to make five aprons—she asked if I could tell her of a place—I said no—she said, did I think her father and mother would take her home again—I said she might stop at my house till I went to inquire whether they would—she had run away from them about eight months ago—she had a pair of cotton stockings and some cotton, which she said she had bought in the Highway—in half-an-hour after Mrs. Harvey came and asked for Caroline, which was not the prisoner's name—I told her I did not know such a person, and asked if she was married to a sailor—she said no, she was a girl—I said, "There is a girl here, Amelia Fletcher"—I sent the prisoner down to answer the door—she was frightened, and got over the pales of the yard—she put 1d. on my table—she did not produce any more money to me.





GEORGE SWODEN
 (police-constable K 92.) Mrs. Harvey gave the prisoner

into my charge—I asked her what she had done with the money—she said she had never seen it—I took her to the station—in the meantime her aunt brought this parcel, containing the print—the prisoner told me she had bought it at two or three different shops, but I could not hear of her at either of them—I produce the clothes, which were found on her—the bonnet, shawl, boots, apron, and 1d., were found on her—the new cotton is worth about 2s. 9d.

MRS. HARVEY
re-examined. These things are mine;—I gave her the shawl and petticoat—these boots are mine—she left me without any boots to put on, and she cut up a pair of her own.





ANN HARVEY
. I am the daughter of the prosecutrix—the prisoner slept with me—on Tuesday night I put my pocket under the pillow—I had three shillings, a penny, and a halfpenny, in it, and seven keys on a bunch, one of which belonged to the box—about three o'clock I was awoke, and found her dressed, and sitting up in the bed—I asked what she wasted—she said I had frightened her—I went to sleep again—when I awoke next morning she was gone—I found my pocket on the-chair, and the key of the box gone from it—I afterwards found it on the table.

Prisoner. You know you frightened me overnight, and you left the key yourself on the table; you blew the light out, and said there was a man had hung himself in the cellar; I got up and dressed myself directly. Witness. I did not say so—she gave the candle to a lodger to go up stairs with, and she came down in the dark—I never told her a man had hung himself in the cellar—I did not fasten the bed-room door—I was in bed when she came down—she kept the key of my mother's room.

Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of the money, silk handkerchief, or white petticoat.




GUILTY
. † Aged 15.—


Transported for Ten Years.
