



1342. 




JOHN MURPHY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of April, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 



George Read, from his person.






JOSEPH HOUGHTON
. I am apprentice to Mr. Hill, a cabinet maker. On the 12th of April, about a quarter to nine o'clock in the evening, I was in Aldgate near the church—I saw the prisoner following two gentlemen—I watched him—I was on the opposite side of the way at first—I saw Mr. Read, with a lady, and a young gentleman, going towards Whitechapel church—the prisoner left following the two gentleman, and followed Mr. Read—I ran over the way, thinking he was going to pick his pocket—he put his hand into Mr. Read's pocket, and took out his handkerchief—I took hold of him by the back of his neck, and said to Mr. Read, "You have lost your handkerchief"—he felt, and said he had—I saw the prisoner throw the handkerchief away—I gave him to Mr. Read, and went and picked it up, and gave it to Mr. Read—a lot of cab-men from the stand at Aldgate came up and struck me and the prosecutor—they knocked my hat off, and

rescued the prisoner away—I did not leave go of him till I was compelled—he ran down a court, and the policeman took him into custody—he did not get far away—I am positive he is the person.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How came you to be looking after pickpockets? A. Because I think it is a person's duty if they see a robbery being committed—I was going home at the time—my attention was first called by seeing him dodging the two gentlemen, and feeling their pockets—there were a great number of people going along—I was on the opposite side of the way—it is a wide place—I saw him taken afterwards on the opposite side of the way to what he was at first—I told the Magistrate about my hat being knocked off, and being struck—I was struck in the chest—this wound on my hand was not done then—that was bitten through by a thief, an errand-boy of my brother's—I dare say there were a dozen cab-men on this occasion—I was not particularly frightened—there was no policeman there at the time I first saw the prisoner, or I should have pointed him out to the policeman—there were some fellows behind the prisoner—he was going towards Aldgate at first, and when he saw Mr. Read, he turned back, and followed him—he was on the butchers' side of the way, and I on the other—I am quite sure the same person I laid hold of was afterwards taken by the policeman—he was taken in about three or four minutes.





GEORGE READ
. I am a confectioner. I was walking with my wife and a friend, and passing from Aldgate towards Whitechapel—Oughton asked if I had not lost my handkerchief—I examined my pocket, and said I had—he gave the prisoner into my charge, went back, and picked up the handkerchief—he gave it to me, and I recognised it as my property—while holding the prisoner some cab-men came up, a scuffle ensued, and they rescued the prisoner—he got off—my friend pursued him—I did not see him taken—I saw him at the station-house—he is the same boy—this is my handkerchief—(looking at it.)

Cross-examined. Q. You only saw him for a very short time, I suppose? A. I saw him long enough to know him—I was not at all alarmed by the cab-men—my friend saw him taken—he is not here—I have no doubt about the handkerchief being mine—there is a hole in it.





SAMUEL PARTRIDGE
 (City police-constable, No. 643.) I took the prisoner, and have produced the handkerchief.




GUILTY
.* Aged 16.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Justice Alderson.

