




1194. 




DANIEL RANCE
 and 




ANN RANCE
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
29th of March, 4 forks, value 2l., the goods of 



James Marshall.






EDWARD HENRY GOULD
. I am in the service of James Marshall, of Abbey-road, St. John's-wood. On Saturday, the 28th of March, I put the plate into a basket, and put the basket on the dresser in the pantry, about six o'clock in the evening—it contained, amongst other things, eighteen silver forks, and on Sunday, about eight o'clock in the evening, I missed four forks—the prisoner Daniel came there on the Wednesday morning before to solicit a breakfast, as he was out of place and destitute—Ann Rance had lived servant in the family, and they had liberty to come there—they were both there on the Sunday—the man came to breakfast, and the woman came in the evening, but that was after the forks were missing—these are the forks—(looking at them.)





MARY NEESHAM
. I am cook at Mr. Marshall's. The female prisoner lived servant there three years ago, and since then she has been allowed to come, and occasionally had her meals there, and the man also—they are husband and wife—I let the man in on Sunday morning at a quarter-past eight o'clock—I left him once or twice in the kitchen alone, and he could go into the pantry.





JOHN TAYLOR
. I am a policeman. I received information, and went to No. 4, Great Exeter-street—I knocked at the door, and saw the female prisoner—I asked if her name was Ann Rance—she said "Yes"—I asked if her husband was at home—she said "No"—I said I came from Mr. Marshall's—she then went up stairs—I went after her, and there was the male prisoner—I asked if he was her husband—she said "Yes"—I then asked why she denied it—she said they owed a little money, and she thought I came for that—I said I came about the plate that had been taken on the Sunday—the man said he was not out on the Sunday at all—I then found some duplicates—the woman snatched them out of my hand, and tore them—I took the pieces, and found they were for five damask napkins—I went to the pawnbroker's, and found these four forks, which the woman had pawned that morning—the man said he had not been out of the house the whole of Sunday, and he was liberated from the station-house—when I heard he had been at Mr. Marshall's that morning I took him again.






RICHARD WILCOX FAIRLAM
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce these forks which were pawned by the female prisoner.

D. RANCE—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

A. RANCE—


NOT GUILTY
.
