



425. 



WILLIAM BEADLE
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Charles Thomas Cameron, on the 
12th of Dec., at 
St. Leonard, Shoreditch, and stealing therein, 1 apron, value 6d., the goods of 



Michael Francis Warwick; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






MARTHA CAMERON
. I live at No. 42, Plummer-street, in the house of my brother, Charles Thomas Cameron, in the parish of St Leonard, Shoreditch. On Monday evening, the 12th of Dec., about half-past five o'clock or a quarter to six, I was in the kitchen with my sister Eliza, and there was a little hoy six years old also in the house—the kitchen-door was open—I heard a noise in the passage, took a candle, and went and found the prisoner in the passage, just by the side of the stairs which lead up stairs—I asked what he wanted—he appeared very much confused, and asked for a man named Davis—he said two men had come in, and he had come in after them—he did not say how they had come in—Mr. Morley, the witness, called from the parlour window that I was to keep him—he called out loud enough for the prisoner to hear—he said, "Keep the door shut, there is a thief in the house "—I do not know whether the prisoner opened the door, or whether I did, but he got out into the street—Mr. Morley caught him, and tustled with him some time, but he got away from him, and ran up Plummer-street, into the City-road—no one hallooed after him—I returned to the house, and shut the door—Morley did not go in with me at that time—I went up the stairs And saw the apron on the stairs—I went quite up the stairs, but the apron was about seven or eight stairs up—it was a woman's apron, belonging to Mrs. Warwick—I have often seen her wear it, but I cannot say when—I had been up the stairs about ten minutes before, and it was not on the stairs then—I took it up, and took it into Mrs. Warwick's room—she lodges in the house, but was out at the time—I saw her about an hour after, when she came home, and showed it to her—I went into her room with her—she lodges in the parlour, from the window of which Mr. Morley called to me—I found the apron where I had put it in her room—when I put the apron into her room the window was wide open—I had pot been into the parlour all that day before—Mrs. Warwick went out about three o'clock in the afternoon—I did not see the prisoner again for a week and three days, when he was at the station in custody—I had never seen him before he was in the house to my knowledge—I am quite positive he ki the man I saw in the passage—no person named Davis lived in the house—I know no such person—I had not seen anybody in the house but the prisoner.





GEORGE MORLEY
. I live at No. 4, Plummer-street, City-road. On the evening of the 12th of Dec. a person gave me information, and I went to Cameron's house, and called in at the window—I asked who was there—I saw a man in the front parlour—he made me no answer the first time—the window was open—I had not seen anybody get in at the window, but on looking in I saw the man who I spoke to—he at last asked me for a person named Davis—I told him no such person lived in the house—about that time the parlour door, leading out of the parlour into the passage, was opened—he opened it himself, and went into the passage—Mr. Cameron's sister came with a light while he stood in the passage—they had some conversation in the passage

a few minutes, the front door then opened, and he rushed out—(before that I had called out, "Do not open the door, for I believe there is a thief in the house"—that was when he opened the parlour door)—I caught him coming out, and held him a few minutes—at last he broke from me, and left his neck handkerchief in my hand—it slipped off his neck as I had hold of it—he went towards the City-road—I did not see him again till he was at Worship-street—I had never seen him before—I saw him when he was in the passage, as they had a light there, and also when I had hold of him, so as to know him again—I was standing at the front door when he was in the passage, and Mr. Cameron held the light close to his face—I am sure it was the prisoner—it was a person who lodges in the same house as me that induced me to go to Cameron's—I forget his name—he had not been living there above a week—he is not here—he lodges in the house still—I had not been at the window before that.

Prisoner. He does not say whether he tried the door to see if it was open. Witness. I had not tried it.





SARAH ANN WARWICK
. I am the wife of Michael Francis Warwick—I lodge in Mr. Cameron's house, and occuppy the front and back parlours. On the 12th of Dec. I went out, about three o'clock in the afternoon—when I went out the front parlour window was shut down close, but not fastened—it is a very low window, and has no area—anybody could lift it up from the street—I returned about half-past six—an apron was then shown to me by Martha Cameron—she was in the passage when she showed it me—I say her in the parlour after I came home, but not before she showed me the apron—it was my apron, which I had left on the table in the front parlour when I went out—I missed nothing more from the parlour—I do not know the prisoner I never saw him till he was at Worship-street—I do not know anybody named Davis—this is my apron—I know it by a mark on it.





GEORGE HORNER
. I am a policeman. I have produced the apron, which I got from Martha Cameron—I apprehended the prisoner at No. 5, Sarah's buildings, in the Vinegar-ground, City-road—I told him I was going to take him on suspicion of being the party who entered a house in Plummer-street, City-road—he said he did not know where Plummer-street was.





MARTHA CAMERON

re-examined. At the time Mrs. Warwick left the house. I and my sister were in the kitchen—about ten mines before I heard the noise in the passage, I went up stairs, and I remained up a very few minutes—my sister went up with me, and we came down together—neither of us went into the parlour after Mrs. Warwick left it, till I went to put the apron there—there was no other person in the house except ourselves, until I found the prisoner there—I thought it was in the parlour I showed her the apron.

Prisoner's Defence.

The witness cannot say I got in at the window; I was going for a man to give me employment; I was told if I went down to that number, and inquired for Mr. Davis, a cabinet-maker, the same as myself, I could get employ there; I went in about an hour and a half, and saw some men get into the place, and the street door open; I instantly went in at the street door, but did not see the men; the woman asked what I wanted there; I said, "Mr. Davis;" she said, "How came you in here?" I said, "I saw the street door open, two young men got into the place, and I came in after them;" when I said I did not know Plummer-street, I meant that I did not know the name of the street.





MARTHA CAMERON

re-examined. When I found the prisoner in the passsage I am quite positive the street door was shut—if anybody had come in at the street door I should have heard them, as the kitchen is on a level with

the parlour—I did not hear the street door open, nor anybody come in—the kitchen door leading to the passage was open.





DANIEL PAMPLETT
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read)—I was present at his trial—he is the person—he ill-used me when I apprehended him on that occasion.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.


Before Mr. Justice Wightman.

