




1063. 




RICHARD FREEMAN
 was indicted for

 breaking, and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Ragell, on the 
24th of March, at 
St. Dunstan, Stebonheath, alias Stepney, and stealing therein, 1 coat, value 1l.; 1 pair of trowsers, 13s.; 3 waistcoats, 18s.; 6 handkerchiefs, 1l.; 1 shawl, 14s.; 1 apron, 6d.; 5 spoons, 2l. 5s.; 2 buckles, 2s.; 2 necklaces, 25s.; 1 breast-pin, 1s.; 3 rings, 30s.; 1 brooch, 2l.; 3 combs, 3s.; 1 watch-guard, 3s.; 1 bed winch, 1s.; 1 key, 6d.; 1 handkerchief, 6d.; 1 plum-cake, 6d.; 1 bottle, 6d.; and 1 pint of gin, 1s.; his goods: and 





ELIZA MITCHELL



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






JOHN RAGELL
. I live at No. 45, Bedford-street, Commercial-road. On Easter Monday I left my house, from half-past five o'clock in the evening till fourteen minutes before eight o'clock—I had left my two part lour doors locked, and found them forcibly opened, and also two bed-room doors—I missed the articles stated—I have since seen the key of my back-parlour door and a silk handkerchief—I missed a cake and a bottle containing some gin.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. How had the doors been opened? A. By a foot, and some sort of instrument, not by a key—I should think all these things would make a large bundle—if divided they would be smaller.





WILLIAM DAVISON DAY
 (police-constable K 74.) I apprehended the prisoners at No. 17, John's-place, Bedford-square, Stepney, about a hundred yards from Bedford-street—I found this silk handkerchief in Freeman's coat pocket, which was hanging on a chair—he said he had had it by him two years and better—it belonged to a relation of his—I found this key on the top of a cupboard in the room, also some skeleton keys—they said they were living together as man and wife, and they were going to be married—I found this bottle in the cupboard—it has contained gin—I found this velvet waistcoat, and this shawl in the room—Mitchell said she bought the shawl two years ago of her mother for 10s.—I produce a pair of black trowsers and a handkerchief, which I received from Mrs. Waters, and a coat which I got from Luden next door.

Cross-examined. Q. When was it you apprehended them? A. I think un the Monday following the robbery—there may be one or two lodgers in the house—it is let out in apartments, I believe.






ELIZABETH WATERS
. I keep the Lion and Lamb beer-shop in Ratcliff-highway. I delivered a pair of trowsers and a handkerchief to Day—I bought them of Freeman on the Tuesday or Wednesday following Easter Monday.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you known him before? A. Yes, for twelve months.





FREDERICK LUDEN
. I am a slop-seller, and live in George-street; it used to be called Ratcliff-high way. About the 26th of March, Freeman sold me a coat, which he said his father had given him, but it would not fit him, it was too long waisted for him—I gave him 18s. for it a day or two after he first showed it to me—this is the coat.





CHARLES TRAVELL
. I produce a waistcoat and handkerchief pledged on the 25th of March by a person in the name of John Jones—I cannot recognise the party.





GEORGE MOUNTFORD
 (police-constable K 118.) I produce a ring which I took off Mitchell's finger in Clerken well prison.





JOHN RAOKLL

re-examined. This coat, shawl, waistcoat, handkerchief, and trowsers are mine—this is the key of my back parlour door—I had left it in the other parlour, not in the door—I found my front door as I had left it—I had shut it firm—I left no person in the house—all the things produced were taken at the time my house was entered—part were taken from the two parlours, and part from the two bed-rooms, and all those doors had been forced.





LYDIA CLARK
. I keep the house No. 17, John's-place, Bedford-square. The prisoners lodged with me as man and wife—they were living there on Easter Monday—I saw Freeman about a quarter-past seven o'clock that evening—my little girl let him in—Mitchell was not at home then—they went out together in the morning, I believe—they came home about half-past twelve o'clock at night—I went up stairs and had a small drop of gin and a little bit of cake with them—the gin was given out of a bottle of this sort—Freeman said it was his wedding-day, and the cake was part of a cake his sister had made—I saw articles in the room which I had not seen before—Freeman showed me a silk handkerchief, a great coat, and a shawl—I saw a coral necklace—Freeman put it round Mitchell's neck—he said he had bought the shawl of his sister—Mitchell had taken the lodging—she had lived there nine months—Freeman had lived there five or six weeks for a constancy—they were not living together when she first came—Mitchell paid me the rent until the last three weeks, when Freeman paid it me—I do not know how Freeman got his living, or of his working anywhere.

Mitchell. Q. You did not see Freeman put the coral necklace round my neck? A. He did, and said, "What do you think of that, Mrs. Clark?"—he said he had another one in his pocket that he meant to give? to his sister, and likewise a ring—I only just saw the glimpse of the ring and could not swear to it.





JOHN RAGELL

re-examined. I lost a coral necklace—it has not been found—my house is in the hamlet of Mile-end Old-town—this mine—it is a garnet—I lost that at the same time.

Prisoner. The prosecutor saw it on my finger at the office; the officer asked if it was his ring, and he said no. Witness. At the first interview I could not identify it as mine, but I told my wife of it, and she immediately recognised it.


MRS. RAGELL. I am the prosecutor's wife. This ring is mine—I used to wear it on my middle finger—it fits me—(putting it on)—I positively swear it is my ring.

Mitchell's Defence. I said I bought the shawl last summer, but I did not; Freeman gave it to me, and the ring also; I kept it on my finger after the prosecutor saw it, which I should not have done had I known it was stolen.
(Richard Cumming, pastrycook, No. 99, High-street, Shadwell; and William Cameron, builder, No. 4, Bulow-street, Commercial-road, gave Freeman a good character.)

FREEMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Ten Years.


MITCHELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoners.)
