



1212. 




THOMAS WILLIAM HOME



, stealing 4 silver dishes and covers, and other articles, value 186l..; the goods of 



John Samuel Hunt, and others.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES MUNDAY.
 I am in the service of Messrs. Hunt and Co.; the firm was originally Storr and Mortimer's—Mr. Tyssen was in the habit of dealing with us—he was in the habit of putting up at No. 4, Albermsrle-street—on 13th Feb. 1847, the prisoner came and said Mr. Tyssen was stopping at his house, in Albermarle-street, and he wanted some plate, as he was going to have a dinner party—I knew Mr. Tyssen as a customer, and took the prisoner to Mr. Harker, and he told me to let Mr. Tyssen have anything he required—I took the prisoner to the room where the plated articles were—he said he did not approve of them, they were not good enough—I then took him into the silver room, and he selected four round dishes, covers, and warmers, twenty-four plain table-forks, eighteen spoons, twelve dessert-forks, four round dishes, one oval 18-inch dish, four 12-inch dishes, two silver saucepans, and a coffee-pot—the articles were cleaned and packed up, and sent to No. 4, Albermarle-street, by Greenham—these are the four 12-inch dishes, and these are the four dishes and covers—this is the 18-inch dish—this is the coffee-pot (produced.)

Prisoner. Q. Had these any stands? A. No, they were without stands—you said Mr. Tyssen wanted them.





JOHN HARKER.
 I am one of the principal assistants to Mr. John Hunt and others. On 13th Feb. Munday came to me, and said, in the prisoner's presence, that he wanted some things for Mr. Tyssen, who is an old customer of the firm—I directed him to look out the things—he and the prisoner together looked them out—I entered them in the book—Munday mentioned to me, in the prisoner's presence, that Mr. Tyssen was going to have a dinner party—I saw the articles when they were selected—all that were selected were returned, except those that are now here—I know these articles perfectly well—they are ours.





JAMES GREENHAM.
 I am in the prosecutor's employ. After the articles were packed up on the 13th Feb. I took them to No. 4 Albermarle-street—the prisoner opened the door, and I delivered them to him, for Mr. Tyssen's use.





WILLIAM GEORGE DANIEL TYSSEN. ESQ.
 I live principally in the county of Norfolk, and occasionally in Scotland—I was there last year. On 13th Feb., last year, I think I was in London—I was occasionally at No. 4, Albermarle-street—I did not on that day require a number of spoons and forks, and other things, for a dinner party at the prisoner'house—I did not give him authority to hire them, or to bespeak them in my name—till I heard of this from Messrs. Storr and Mortimer's, I had not the slightest idea of anything of the kind—I did not authorise the prisoner to pawn these articles.





RICHARD HENRY CLOUD.
 I am assistant to Mr. Fleming, a pawnbroker. some time previous to 24th April, 1847, the prisoner pawned this 18-inch silver dish for 12l.; and on 24th April he came and had 3l. more on it, in the name of Thomas Williams, Albermarle-street—I am positive he is the person—I had served him frequently—I produce this coffee-pot, but I did not take it in.






WILLIAM BONHAM.
 I am in the employ of Mr. Luxmore, a pawnbroker. I produce these four silver dishes—they were pawned at our shop, by the prisoner, on 20th Feb., 1847, in the name of Thomas Williams, for 70l. 5s.—they were not pawned with me, but I was present.

Prisoner. I admit pawning them, but he was not present. Witness. I was present.





CHARLES HELLIAR.
 I am now engaged in a brewery—I was formerly assistant to Mr. Luxmore. I have known the prisoner sixteen or seventeen years as a housekeeper, in Albermarle-street—he pawned these four dishes and covers with me on 20th Feb. JESSE JEAPES (policeman, C 146.) I took the prisoner into custody on 21st Aug. last, at the Court of Bankruptcy—one of Messrs, Storr and Mortimer's servants was with me—he pointed the prisoner out—he said "This is the man I charge with obtaining the plate under false pretences"—the prisoner said, "It is what I expected"—I found on him two duplicates for a silver dish pawned for 15l.; and a silver coffee-pot for 5l.—I took him to the police-office—he was remanded from time to time for the production of Mr. Tyssen, who was in Scotland—the prisoner was allowed to go on his own recognizances—he did not appear on the day he ought to have appeared—on that day Mr. Tyssen was at the Police-court—I took the prisoner on 22nd April, at a village six miles from Shrewsbury—I brought him up on a Judge's warrant.





WILLIAM BALLARD.
 I have been an officer for many years—I was formerly attached to Bow-street—I received instructions to apprehend the prisoner—I went with Jeapes to the Bankruptcy Court, and brought the prisoner from there—I saw Jeapes at the station take a bunch of keys from the prisoner, with one of which I opened a box at Mr. Le Blanc's office—I found in it a duplicate for four silver dishes and covers, pawned for 70l. 5s.—it is stuck on the back of one of Mr. Luxmore's cards—I went there and found these dishes—I told Mr. Luxmore there were four more dishes which I had not the duplicates of—Mr. Luxmore looked, and found them—these are them.

Prisoner. Mr. Le Blanc has been the cause of all this; I possessed a a house under his uncle.





WILLIAM ELLIOTT LE BLANC.
 I am a solicitor, and live in Bridge-street, Blackfriars—the late Judge was my uncle. I saw Ballard search a box at my office—it was opened with a key that either Jeapes or Ballard had—it was the prisoner's box—I took the duplicate out of it, and gave it is Ballard—he gave me a receipt for it.

Prisoner. There were other articles in the box? Witness. Yes; an execution was put into the prisoner's house for a considerable sum of money due to my uncle, to whom the house belonged—at the same time an execution was put in for debt—the prisoner was in distress—I was directed to get him out—I lent him money, and paid out the execution for debt—I told him if he would vacate the house, and assign his property to me, under a bill of sale for taxes and rent, I would take possession of it—he left the house, with all the furniture in it, which was mostly sold, but a few things were kept back by the prisoner's desire, and amongst other things was this box, which was taken to my office—it remained a considerable time locked—I had no key of it, but when the officers came, the key was produced, and the box was opened.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not apply to you for that box? A. Yes—you became a bankrupt—you made yourself a bankrupt by your own affidavit.

Prisoner. This is all a conspiracy against me; he has now a plate-ches✗

of mine, upwards of 70l. worth of plate. Witness. I have nothing—I delivered it up to the messenger of the Bankruptcy Court.

Prisoner's Defence. I took the remainder of the things back myself, and said I would keep the others; I have dealt with the prosecutors these twenty years; they have been in the habit of lending me plate.




GUILTY. Aged 43.—


Transported for Seven Years.

