



1079. 




MARTIN KELLY
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



Thomas Coventry, and cutting and wounding him on the face and left arm, with intent to murder him. 2nd COUNT, stating his intent to be to maim and disable. 3rd COUNT, to do him some grievous bodily harm.






THOMAS COVENTRT
, watch-maker, No. 6, Playhouse-yard. On Saturday, the 24th Feb., I had been drinking freely at some public-houses—I have no particular recollection of being at a house in George-yard—I am not positive I was there—I remember some one endeavouring to pick a quarrel with me, but who they were I do not know, and whether that was in George-yard or not, I cannot say to be positive—I went home—when I got opposite my own door, I taw three men talking—I went up to them—I did not know their names—they were all strangers to me—while talking to them a man came up, laid hold of my collar, and said, "You are a pretty man to treat your friends to gin and won't pay for it"—I said, "What do you mean, sir?"—after this I received a wound in my cheek—I cannot say what with—it was done so quick, and it was rather dark—in a minute after I received a very great wound in my arm, to the best of my knowledge from the same person—I called out "Murder"—got over the way as well as I could, and sat down on the steps where I live—I was taken to St. Bartholomew's Hospital, and was there a fortnight.





JOHN PERKINI
. I live at No. 11, Norman's-buildings, Whitecross-street. On Sunday morning, the 25th of Feb., I was in Playhouse-yard with my brother Thomas, and Cornelius Coglin—I stood talking to a woman named Fisher, a pipe-maker's wife in Playhouse-yard, between twelve and one o'clock, and shortly after the prosecutor came up, a little intoxicated, and began forcing his conversation on us—he had not been long there before the prisoner came up and accused him of calling for half a pint of gin and

going away without paying for it—the prosecutor said he was mistaken in the man—the prisoner said, "Am I, you b——?" drew a chisel from down his left sleeve, and struck him a back-handed blow on the eye—the second blow knocked his hat off, and the third cut his arm—the prosecutor ran across the road and cried out murder—the prisoner came up to me and told me to have nothing to do with him, as he was no good, at the same time he put the chisel up his sleeve and walked away—I then went over to the other side of the yard and saw the prosecutor bleeding—I followed the prisoner down Play-house-yard to the bottom—Coglin persuaded me to come back again for fear I might be served the same, but I still kept on—he endeavoured to dissuade me from following him—when I came to the bottom of Play house-yard I saw the prisoner standing with three other men—I did not say anything to him at the time—he asked me what was the matter—I said nothing, and went down Golden-lane in search of a policeman—I did not find one—I returned and saw the prisoner go up George-yard to his house—I saw the policeman—Coglin told him the circumstances, and that the prisoner was up George-yard—I took the prosecutor to the hospital—I saw that it was a chisel the prisoner used—it has not been seen it found—I afterwards went with three policemen to the prisoner's house in George-yard—I pointed him out and they took him.





CORNELIUS COGLIN
. I live in Long-buildings, Blue Anchor-alley. I was in Playhouse-yard, with Perkins and my brother, between one o'clock and half-past one in the morning, and saw the prosecutor—he was drunk, joining in conversation with us—the prisoner came up in ten minutes, seized him by the collar, and accused him of calling for half-a-pint of gin, and not paying for it—the prosecutor said, "You must be mistaken"—the prisoner stepped back, drew a chisel from his left sleeve, and struck him in the eye—the second blow knocked his hat off—the prosecutor had his arm up to guard his eye, and he struck him over his arm, and cut his arm right up from the shoulder to the wrist—I was rather frightened—I could distinctly see the chisel glitter—after striking him the third time, he put the chisel up his sleeve again—I noticed a great deal of bleeding—the prisoner came up to us, and said, "Do not have any thing to do with him, young men, for he is a b----rogue"—they were both strangers to me—I had seen the prisoner before, but never spoke to him—when he was walking away from us, he said, he had got that with him which would level fifty such b----s—Perkins was going after the prisoner—I persuaded him not, for fear he should meet with any injury—I went with the prosecutor to the hospital.





THOMAS PERKINS
. On the 25th of Feb., between one and two in the morning, I saw the prisoner draw a chisel from his left arm, and strike the prosecutor on the eye, and immediately the blood spirted from his eye and arm—I saw him bleeding most profusely—my brother was standing by talking to the prosecutor—he wished to take the man into custody—I said, "John, do not do so, you will get served the same"—he said, it was a shame to see a man served in that manner, he would go—Coglin followed him—I went to the prosecutor, and saw his arm with a gash in it, and he pointed to his eye—he called police and murder—I took him to Dr. Lyne's, and he persuaded us to take him to the hospital—I took him—the prisoner remained with my brother, and Coglin followed me—on returning, we gave the prisoner into custody.





HENRY TUCKER
 (police-constable 119.) I went to George-yard, Golden-lane, with John Perkins, and found the prisoner there—Perkins pointed him out as the man who had wounded Coventry—I took him into custody—I told him, it would be better for him to go to the station quietly—he asked me where the man was—I said, in the hospital, very ill—he said, he should not

have done it, but he had been drinking, some man in a black coat gave him the chisel to do it with.

JURY. Q. What is the prisoner? A. A bricklayer's labourer—he had not the appearance of being drunk at all, when I took him.

Prisoner Q. You stated, at Worship-street, that I was drunk? A. No, you were not.





JOHN THOMAS JACKSON
. I am house-surgeon at St. Bartholomew's-hospital On the 25th of Feb., Coventry was brought to the hospital bleeding, from a wound on the right side of the cheek, about an inch long, and of considerable depth, and from one, on the inner side of the left arm, between four and five inches long, it went nearly down to the bone—they were certainly severe wounds—I saw nothing on the eye, the wound on the cheek was about an inch below the eye—a chisel would have produced the wounds—the one on the arm was a clean cut wound—I should think it would require a good deal of force to make that—he was in the hospital, I think, about a fortnight—that was quite necessary—he bled freely, but not profusely—I stitched up the wound in the arm—I simply applied cold wet lint to the other wound, without stitching it—the danger of such a wound, would depend very much on the constitution of the person, and treatment afterwards—it would depend a good deal on, whether it would produce erysipelas, or go off in a natural way and heal by the first intention—he was healthy, and it went on very favourably.

Prisoner. The man's wife informed my mother that the coat war never cut at all. Witness. At the time he came to the surgery the coat had been taken off to dress the wound—he could not have been cut unless the coat was removed or cut through—it could not be done by a thrust up the sleeve.





THOMAS COVENTRY

re-examined. I have the coat on—it is cut—it hes been sewn up again.

Prisoner. I hope you will hare mercy on me; I have an aged mother who depends on me for support.




GUILTY

on 3rd Count. Aged 24.—


Transported for Fifteen Year.

