



1888. 




CHARLES OSBORN
 was indicted

 for stealing 3 gowns, value 3s. 6d.; 3 aprons, 1s.; 1 petticoat, 1s. 6d.; 4 brushes, 1s.; 1 saw, 3s. 6d.; 1 axe, 2s. 6d.; 1 cap, 6d.; and 1 box, 1s. 6d.; the goods, of 



James Mucklow; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES MUCKLOW
, jun. I live with my father, at Bass's Wharf, Deptford—I am a bricklayer. On Saturday night, the 15th of June, I fastened up all the doors of my father's house about ten minutes before eleven o'clock—I was called up about ten minutes before six in the morning, and saw the prisoner within three steps of the top of the stairs—he had no business there whatever—he appeared to have got in through the jap room window, where there was a tub in the back-yard—he said he had come to alarm us, and we let him go—my tools had been in the back bed-room—I missed them, and the other articles stated, about an hour after he was gone—on the following Sunday morning we found this box, one old gown, the four brushes, and a boy's cap—the cap was on the prisoner's head, and the brush was in his pocket—this cap is my brother's, who is fifteen years old, and this brush is my father's—this box is my father's, and it was found where the prisoner was lodging.





ELIZABETH KIRBY
. The prisoner came to lodge at Mr. Darling's, where I lodge, on the 15th of June—he had this box there—I saw him go to it continually, and take the brushes out, and put them in again—he said he would buy a lock and key, that the other lodgers should not make use of these things.





JOSIAH VINCENT
 (police-constable R 196.) I got information of the robbery on the 16th of June—I did not take this box from the prisoner's lodging—the sergeant did, and was not hound over—I saw the prisoner on Sunday, the 23rd of June—I told him I believed he was the party who was suspected of the robbery, and I should take him to the station—I called on Mr. Mucklow, who identified him, and this cap, which was on his head, and this brush, which was in his pocket.

Prisoner, Q. What time was it you saw me? A. About twenty minutes to six o'clock—you had a small bundle, which you said was a fowl—I felt it, and it was a fowl, quite warm—your hands were bloody, and there were feathers about your clothes—I took you on suspicion of stealing that, and they could not identify it—I then detained you on this charge.

Prisoner. The brush did not belong to them at all.





GEORGE HARRIS
 (police-constable R 158.) I produce a certificate of the.

prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.

