



828. 




WILLIAM LIVERMORE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
5th of January, 1 brooch, value 6d.; 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 ring, value 10s.; 23 sovereigns, 2 half-crowns, and 5 shillings; the property of 




Thomas Lewis.


MR. HORRY
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL HAWGOOD
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Old Kent-road. I have a watch, ring, and brooch, pawned with me, on the 12th of January, by the prisoner—I am quite certain I took the watch, ring, and brooch from him—I asked how much he wanted to raise—he said 1l. or 2l.—he then told me he had been out on a spree all night, and had spent all his money—I looked at the seal, the brooch, and ring, and said, "What do you want?"—he said, "Lend me 2l."—I said I could not, but would lend him 25s.—he said that would not be enough—I said, "I will make it 30s."—while I was making the duplicate he said, "You may perhaps not be aware who you are serving"—I said, "No"—he said, "Then I will tell you; I am the noted Lord Waldegrave"—I presented him the duplicate—he said, "No, I will not take the duplicate, but I will give you my signature, and when I send a note with that signature, you can deliver it to the party"—he said his income was 8000/. a year—no one ever came with a signature like that he left—this is the signature he left (producing a paper.)





ELIZABETH HENDERSON
 I am a widow, residing in Canterbury-road, Greenwich. In the beginning of December I became acquainted with the prisoner—I was then living in Church-street, Greenwich—my brother lives at Woolwich—I had a trunk at that time in my possession belonging to him—I kept the trunk and my brother kept the key—the prisoner represented himself to me as Lieutenant Lewis, of the Navy—he said he was on half-pay, and should receive it on the 10th of January—he made overtures of marriage to me, and we were to have been married the Wednesday after

he was taken—I believe the banns were put up while I was living in Church-street, Greenwich—he dined with me and my brother there—he borrowed 5l. of my brother, and gave him a note to pay him 6l. for it on the 10th of January—my brother took the money out of the trunk in presence of the prisoner—the next day I moved to Peckham—the prisoner went before me, and took my brother's trunk with him—it was put up stairs in a spare room, at Peckham—one Sunday the prisoner gave me a sovereign, and told roe to make it last to keep house till the 10th of January—the prisoner and my brother went up stairs together, and there my brother gave him the sovereign—he gave it to me—I remember one day the prisoner brought a young man home with him—he said it was his brother James, and he had given him 10l. that day, as he had bought two bear-skin coats—he brought the coats home with him—he told me that he took them out of pawn at Greenwich—he had u boa on then which he had not had before—the prisoner dined with me and my brother on the day my brother missed hit money, and after dinner the prisoner said to my brother, "We will go oat this afternoon; you put on one of these coats"—my brother said, "If I put on one of these coats, I shall go up stairs and pat on another pair of trowsers"—he went up, and then came down"—I said to my brother,"Do you know what you promised to give this man?"—he said, "Yes, a ring, I had forgot it"—my brother went up stairs to get it—he came down and said his money, ring, and watch were gone—the prisoner said, "Take this coat, and say nothing about it"—I said, "You villain, you have robbed my brother"—I did not authorise him to pledge the ring or watch.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not sleep with you the first night I saw you? A. Yes, and four nights after—I did not tell you I had been to Woolwich to see a marine who had seduced me, nor that I was on the town previous to my marriage with Henderson—I know a person named Boyle, and lived with him—I was helper at Greenwich College—I was dismissed because I loved a drop of drink—the watch belonged to Boyle, but it was mine after his death—I gave it to my brother, for fear it should be lost, and he held it as security for what I owed him—I came home and told you I had received the money due to Henderson a? prize-money, but I never received 1s. due to him since I have been acquainted with you—we dined with Thomas on the Sunday after he dined with us—I went to Mrs. Wheeler's, and paid her 1l. 4s. you owed her, out of the 5l. you borrowed of my brother—I was not asked in Chatham church to this marine—you did not meet me as a common prostitute in the street—I never told my brother I had got all my things out of pawn, and had five new caps—we lived by my pledging—I never considered you as a lodger.

MR. HORRY. Q. Had any body the keys of the spare room but the prisoner? A. Not a soul—my things were pawned, at his suggestion, to support him.





THOMAS LEWIS
. I am a labourer, living at Woolwich. Elizabeth Henderson is my sister—she had the care of a trunk of mine for seven or eight years—it contained twenty-nine sovereigns, five shillings, two half-crowns, this watch, ring, and brooch—they were all in my trunk—on the 29th of December I was at my sister's house—I on that occasion lent the prisoner five sovereigns—he gave me a paper for 6l.—on the Sunday following I dined at my sister's again—after the 29th of January my sister removed to Peckham, and there she and the prisoner and I dined together—my box was up stairs—something was said about my lending him a

sovereign—I went up stairs to my box—the prisoner came up after me—he saw my box when it was unlocked—the sovereigns were in a bit of paper under the till—I opened the paper, and took a sovereign out—he went down stairs—I locked up the box, and went down—at that time my watch, brooch, ring, and twenty-three sovereigns were all safe—I kept the key of my box in my pocket—on the 12th of January I was there—I had promised the prisoner a gold ring—I went up stairs to my box to fetch the ring, and left the prisoner below—the property was then all gone—among it the paper given me by the prisoner—I said I would get a policeman, and have him taken—I said, "I have been robbed"—he said, "You bad better take this coat, and make it all right"—he said, "Do you think it is me?"—I said, "I don't know"—I went out directly, and he went out with me—he said, "Are you going to have me taken?"—I said, "I am, when I can find a policeman"—he said, "You walk this way, I will walk that"—he walked away—I did not see him again till he was at Union-hall—I did not authorise him to pledge the watch, brooch, or ring.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not ask you for the sovereign up stairs, and did you not bring it down? A. No, I gave it you up stairs.

Prisoner's Defence. I can assure you that though I appear guilty, I am not the thief; the woman is a prostitute; after I lived with her at Greenwich I took a cottage at Peckham; I had not money to pay the rent; she proposed we should borrow it from Lewis; I asked him, and he lent me 5l.; I pawned the watch, but it was given me to pawn; it belonged to Boyle, whom she lived with for three years.




GUILTY*. Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.
