



1846. 




THOMAS HAMLIN



, stealing 1 gelding, price 10l.; the goods of 



Thomas O'Brien; having been before convicted.

Mr. E. LAW
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS O'BRIEN
. I am a coal and coke-dealer, in Short's-gardens, Drury-lane. On Friday, 7th July, I lent, my horse to Thomas Carmody—he was to return it next day—I saw it on Saturday morning, in the custody of the police, at the Greyhound-yard livery-stables, in Smithfield.





THOMAS CARMODY
. I am a dealer in coke, and live at 4, Market-street, Fitzroy-market. I borrowed a horse of O'Brien on 7th July—I took it back about one o'clock the same day—the prisoner was with me, and went away with me—he afterwards came to a public-house where I was, and asked me to lend him two or three pence, as he could not get money from his father's—I afterwards saw him at my house—I then heard that he had stolen the horse, and I said, "You thief, how came you to steal the poor man's horse?"—he said, "I did not; if you will let me go I will tell you where it is," and be told me had given it to Dick Witty—I gave him into custody—I saw the horse on Saturday morning, at the Greyhound-yard.





RICHARD WITTY
. I live in King-street—I know the prisoner by being about Camden-town. On Friday afternoon, 7th July, between three and four o'clock, he came up to me in Smithfield-market, with a person who asked if I knew him—I said I knew him by being about Camden-town—the man said, "I have been buying a horse of him; did you ever know of his having a horse of his own?"—I said I did not—he said, "Do you know his father?"—I said I did not—he said, "I have been buying a horse of his for five guineas, and I asked him whose it was, and he said his father's"—I then said to him, "Bring the horse into the market, and bring your father, and I will pay him for the horse"—I saw nothing of the prisoner till he was in custody—I gave up the horse to the police, about two hours and a half after.





SAMUEL HILDER
 (City-policeman, 29). On 7th July, Witty showed me a bay horse in Smithfield-market—I took possession of it, and have since given it up to the prosecutor.

Prisoner's Defence. The horse was given me to sell by a man.





JAMES HINTON
 (policeman, s 52). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted May, 1847, of larceny, having been before convicted, confined six months)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
