



1340. 




WILLIAM LAWRENCE
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Frederick Archbold, Esquire, about the hour of one in the night of the 
3rd of March, at 
St. Margaret, Westminster, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 violin, value 5l.; 1 violin-bow, value 10.; 2 opera-glasses, value 2l. 2s.; 1 mug, value 10s.; and 1 accordion, value 15s.; the goods of the said John Frederick Archbold, Esquire: and I shilling and 1 sixpence, the monies of 



Priscilla Lawrence.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






PHCEBE ROLPH
. I am cook in the service of Mr. John Frederick Archbold, of No. 17, Park-street, in the parish of St. Margaret, Westminster. On Thursday, the 3rd of March, he was on the Northern Circuit—he lives and sleeps in the house when in town, and his children were there then—I went to bed that night at half-past eleven o'clock—before I went to bed I barred the shutters of the kitchen windows—the shutters are inside the windows, looking into an area, and there are rails—the catch of the window had not been fastened that night—there are two windows looking into the area—the street-door was chained, and had two bolts and a lock, fastened—the area-door was locked—the house was all fast except the hasp of the kitchen-window looking into the area, but the window was shutdown—the housekeeper went to bed before me, and the housemaid went up with me—there was nobody up in the house—I know the prisoner he is believed to be the house-maid's brother—on the following morning, friday, I came down about half-past seven o'clock, and found the dining-room

door open, and two bottles on the table, three wine glasses, and wine in two of them; a cork-screw, a short tobacco-pipe, and a dish with a piece of plum pudding left in it—none of those things had been in the dining-room over-night—there was nearly the whole of a plum pudding left in the larder over-night—the piece left was about as big as my hand—the street-door was found open—it had been bolted, chained, and locked over-night—I went down and found the cellar-door open—I went into the kitchen, and found the dresser-drawers open, and the things turned out on the dresser—there was a candlestick on the scullery-table, which appeared to have been used, it was so very greasy, and a candle in it had burnt down to the socket—I missed a candle from the candle-box—I found the inner shutter of the area had a hole bored under the bar, which would enable a person with a gimbelt, or anything, to lift up the bar—I saw the policeman do it easily afterwards—a person could then enter the house and go out by the street-door—the house was examined—I missed a violin and bow, an accordion, a silver mug, and two opera-glasses, also a shilling and sixpence belonging to the house-maid, Priscilla Lawrence—it was taken out of her box—this is master's violin and bow, opera-glass, accordion, silver mug, and double opera-glass—(looking at the articles.)





GEORGE MANNING
. I am a carpenter, and live at No. 9, Lewisham-street, Westminster—I have done work for Mr. Archbold. On Friday, the 4th of March, I was asked to sleep in the house—I had a bed made up in the study—I have slept there until last Friday, when Mr. Archbold returned from the circuit—I was disturbed on the night of the 9th while sleeping there, and on Sunday, the 13th, about six o'clock in the morning, I was again disturbed—I heard the policeman come and look over the rails and go away—I then heard him in Queen-square—part of the house looks into Queen-square—he came and looked over the rails, and as soon as he was gone I heard a noise in the area opposite the window—I looked out and saw the prisoner there with his hand on a pane of glass—I got out of the study windows over the rails—I saw him get over the rails—I ran after him into Dartmouth-street—he was never out of my sight till he was secured.





ROBERT HARVEY
(police-constable A 48.) I secured the prisoner, searched him, and found ten duplicates upon him, some of which refer; to this property.





ALFRED HULME
. I am shopman to Mr. Hyam, a pawnbroker at Fulham—received this opera-glass in pawn on the 7th of March, from the prisoner, for 7s.—the counter-duplicate is among those produced—on the 4th of March I received an accordion in pawn for 7s.—I did not take it in, but I was present at the time the prisoner pawned it—the counterpart of that duplicate has been produced.





WILLIAM EDWARD ARCHBUTT
. I live at Bridge-road, Lambeth—I produce an opera-glass, pawned by the prisoner for 6d. on the 5th of March.





RICHARD WADE
. I live with Mr. Soames, of Fulham-road. On the 7th of march I received a silver mug in pawn of the prisoner for 6s.





WILLIAM FRANCIS BEZANT
. I live with Mr. Thompson, a pawnbroker, in Grosvenor-road, Pimlico. A violin and bow were pawned on the 8th of March—I do not know who by—I gave it up at Queen-square—I advanced 5s. on it—the counterpart of the duplicate is here.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
