



1940. 




JOHN CLIFFORD, alias
 Taylor

, was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
9th of June, 1 mare, price 8l., the property of 



John Hayter.






JOHN HAYTER
. I am a blacksmith, and live in the parish of Wimbledon. On the 8th of June I turned my mare out on Wimbledon Common—I missed her on the 13th—I had not seen her in the interval.






HENRY CHESHIRE
. I am nephew of the prosecutor. On the afternoon of the 17th of June I saw the mare in Kingston-road, running in a cart driven by the witness Scott—I went up to him—he gave me information.





FRANCIS THOMAS SCOTT
. I am agent to some oil-works, and live in Carlisle-street, Lambeth. On the afternoon of the 9th of June I bought a mare, which the prosecutor claims, at my stable, No. 68, Lambeth-walk, about halt-past one o'clock in the day, of the prisoner—I gave a guinea and a half, and a grey mare worth 4l., in exchange—I was bid 3l. 10s. for her, at ten o'clock next morning—the prisoner said he had had it about a fortnight, and bought it of a person at Kennington, and that he himself lived in Park-street, Kennington.

Cross-examined. Q. You knew him before, did you? A. I might have seen him before, but do not know—I never bad any acquaintance with him—I am not mistaken in him, I am certain—I positively swear he is the man—we were in company together from near twelve o'clock until half-past one, except a quarter of an hour, when he want away, saying he bad got the horse grazing—I do not know whether his father lives there—I believe his mother lives there—I do not know that he has a father.





JAMES DREWETT
. I am a dealer in coals, and live in Gibraltar-row, Southwark. I saw Scott on a Tuesday or Wednesday in June, buy a mare of the prisoner—he gave one guinea and a half, and another horse, in change—the prisoner said he had bought the mare of a man named Reeves, at Kennington.





HENRY POMEROY
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner in charge, in the Westminster-road, by Drewett's direction.





HENRY DENYER
. I am a policeman. The mare is here.




GUILTY
.* Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Baron Alderton.

