



1249. 




WILLIAM BROWN
 was again indicted

> for feloniously receiving 1 carving-knife, value 8s.; 1 taper-stand, 2s.; and 1 extinguisher, 1s.; the goods of 



Thomas Scott; well knowing the same to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.







SALLY GIBLIN
. I am niece of Thomas Scott, and live at Wendon, in Essex, about forty miles from London. On the night of the 25th of Jan. my uncle's house was broken open and robbed—I saw the thieves—there was a carving-knife, a taper-stand, and a toast-rack taken—these are them—I bought the knife myself—it was bruised at one end—I was obliged to give evidence at Chelmsford, when two of the thieves were convicted—my uncle is very aged.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-sergeant G 20.) I went to the prisoner's house, in Nelson-street, on the 26th of Feb.—there was a lodger there—I spoke to him in his back room up stairs—he was called as a witness for the prisoner before the Magistrate, and made a statement—I found this carving-knife and taper-stand in a box under some clothes in the front room up stairs, and the toast-rack in a little box in the same room—the prisoner went away on that occasion—I saw him next day at the station—when he saw me come in, he held out his hand, and said, "Do you want me?"—I said, "You know we do, or else you would not run away"—he said, "I did not run away, I walked away; now what do you want me for?"—I said, "For being concerned, with others, in breaking and entering several houses in the borders of Cambridgeshire and Essex"—he said, "Lord bless you, I never broke into anybody's house in my life"—I said, "We took a deal of property from your place"—he said, "I can account for that, it is all mine, don't alarm yourself"—I am sure he said that—Clark was close to him—there were several examinations on the separate cases before the Magistrate.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. How long have you been in the police? A. Nearly fourteen years—I did not state in the last case that the prisoner said that all the property was his, because I was ordered to stand down—Harbour was called by the prisoner—he is outside—we took away from the prisoner's house, besides these things, some plated candlesticks and some bridle-bits.




GUILTY
. Aged 44.—


Transported for Ten Years.

