




599. 




MARY ANN M'CARTHY
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
27th of January, 28 sovereigns, and 1 half-sovereign, the monies of 



Henry Thompson, from his person: and 





CHARLES ROONEY



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.: the said Charles Rooney was also charged with feloniously harbouring, comforting, and maintaining the said Mary Ann M'Carthy, well knowing her to have committed the said offence; contrary to the Statute, &c.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY THOMPSON
. I am master of the brig John Fenwick, which comes from Stockton to London. On Monday, the 27th of January, I received 45l. in sovereigns and half-sovereigns, on the ship's account, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon—I put the money into a bag which had a division in the middle of it—I put some of the money in one side and some in the other—I put the bag in my left-hand trowser's pocket—I went down to Blackwall—I was going to my ship—I went into the Two Mariners public-house, and saw M'Carthy standing facing me—she came towards me, and said, would I give her something to drink—I said, no—she said, "Will you go across the way with me?'—I went with her to a room on the ground-floor of a house opposite—as I went in I observed the tall figure of a man, but I did not take any further notice of it—I had some silver in my right-hand pocket, and I took a shilling out, and gave it to M'Carthy when I went into the room with her—I put my coat off, and laid it down on a chair—I took nothing off but my coat—I was on the bed with M'Carthy—I cannot say for how long—I had not taken my money out of my pocket—I am sure it was in my pocket when I was on the bed with M'Carthy—after I had been on the bed some time, I found every thing was not correct, as I found M'Carthy was making motions, and putting her hand down as if in the act of robbing me—I then got up—she got up also, and as she got on the floor, my key, which had been in my right-hand pocket with ray silver, fell from her person on the floor, but I did not see any silver fall from her—upon that, I put my hand to feel if my bag was safe, and it was gone out of my left-hand pocket—the key and the silver were gone from my right-hand pocket, and the pocket was turned inside out—when the key fell, she stooped and picked it up—I seized hold of her hand, and took the key from her, and one shilling, which was in her hand—she directly sprang out of the room—I then searched for my bag, and found it on the lower part of the bed, on the counterpane—I found that the quantity of money was not the same as it had been—the bag was quite light—I put on my coat, and sprang out of the room as

quickly as possible, but I was not able to find M'Carthy—I called a policeman, and we searched in different parts about there, to find her, but we could not—we then went to a gas-lamp and counted the money—we found 16l. 10s. in one side of the bag, and the other side was quite empty—there had been no one in the room, to my knowledge, beside myself and M'Carthy—there was no light in the room but from a little fire—I might be on the bed with her ten minutes or a quarter of an hour—I did not take off my trowsers—we were on the top of the bed-clothes.

MR. HORRY. Q. What time did you first get this money? A. Between three and four o'clock in the evening—I think it was not earlier—it was nearly twelve o'clock when I met M'Carthy—I had in the meantime been at my undertaker's for three or four hours, and I had to go on different errands in the Highway—I was always alone—all the drink I had in the course of that afternoon was two pints of porter—my undertaker keeps a public-house, and I went into another public-house, where I met some masters, and there I had one pint of beer, but nothing else—I stopped there perhaps an hour—I received the money in Lombard-street, and met the prisoner down at Black wall—I know my purse was safe, the same as I had it from the banker's—I had put my hand to it more than once, and I felt the weight of it, and the button was on the pocket—when I went into the public-house where M'Carthy was I had my coat buttoned—my purse was in my left hand pocket, and the key in the right—I had my trowsers down when I was on the bed with her.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Where do you live? A. At Whitby, in Yorkshire—I am a married man.

MR. PAYNE. Q. How long had you been away from home? A. About twelve months.





JAMES MANN
 (police-sergeant K 31.) I went after the prisoners on the 28th of January—I found them, about seven o'clock in the evening, in High-street, Shadwell, walking one after the other—I went up to the man, and said to him, "Rooney, I want you respecting a captain who has been robbed in Vinegar-lane"—he said, "Oh, nonsense, you don't want me"—I said, "You had better come with me to the station-house"—we went for a few yards, and then he said, "Well, I am d—d, I am put into this very prettily"—the other sergeant who was with me took M'Carthy—at the station-house' I found on Rooney nine sovereigns, 25s. 6d. in silver, and 1s. 9d. in copper, a gold mourning-ring, a knife, four yards of Irish linen, a yard of lawn, and half-a-dozen earthenware plates—while I was searching him, M'Carthy was present, and she called out several times, "The more b—y fool you, Charley, to allow him to search you"—I had asked Rooney, before I searched him, what he had about him, but, in consequence of the confusion, I could not catch his answer.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. When the prisoners were first taken before the Magistrate, were they not discharged? A. No—M'Carthy bad been taken that morning to the station-house, but was discharged by sergeant King because he could not find the captain.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You had some difficulty in finding Captain Thompson? A. Yes; that was in consequence of his giving a false name and address.





DANIEL DERRIG
 (police-sergeant K 27.) I was at the station-house, on Tuesday evening, the 28th of January, when the prisoners were brought in—I heard sergeant Mann ask Rooney what he had about him—he said, "I have nothing about me only what she gave me"—M'Carthy

was present and heard it, and she said, "You have nothing about you only what you work hard for"—in a short time Rooney said, "You laid a nice trap for me this morning."

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You were able to hear all this, though your brother officer says there was too much noise for him to hear it? A. I was.

COURT. Q. Did you make a memorandum of what was said? A. Yes, about five minutes after they were locked up.





SAMUEL GISSING
. I am an apprentice to Mr. Child, a pawnbroker, in High-street, Shadwell. On Tuesday morning, the 28th of January, the two prisoners came to our shop, about twelve o'clock—Rooney asked me for some rings—I showed them some—I cannot say which spoke first, but M'Carthy said, "I want a ring for my husband"—the rings I showed them would not do, and they went away—M'Carthy was not sober—she said she wanted to purchase a glass and a great number of things—she offered money for a glass—Rooney said, "Never you mind what she says, you mind what I say"—M'Carthy said to him, "Give me 5l., or, by G—d, I will give you in charge"—directly afterwards she asked him for 3l.—he gave her some sovereigns, and said, "Take your money, and be d—d"—they went away, and came again about two o'clock, and I showed them this ring, which the officer has produced—I asked 25s. for it—Rooney bid me 18s.—I refused that, and they went away—they came again between three and four o'clock, and said they would give me a shilling more—Rooney, at last, paid me a sovereign for it, and bought it—he put it on, and said it was rather too small—I said, "It is no matter; when you wash your hands it will go on easily enough"—he said, "It is cheap enough to me," and they went away.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Was Rooney sober? A. I believe he was.





JOHN SANDERS
. My father keeps a linen-draper's shop in Ratcliffe-highway. On Tuesday, the 28th of January, the two prisoners and another person came to the shop—M'Carthy was not sober—they bought some merino, and looked at some Irish linen before they went away—they came again in the evening, and bought some Irish linen for a shirt—Rooney put his hand into his pocket, pulled out a sovereign, and paid me 10s. 4d. for it.





WILLIAM CLAYTON
. I am a broker, and live in Back-lane, Shadwell. On the 28th of January the two prisoners came to my shop, and bought a bedstead, for which Rooney paid me two half-sovereigns—M'Carthy said she wanted to purchase some more things to the amount of 8l. or 10l.—she asked Rooney to pay for some more things, and be would not—he said she was drunk, and they would come again—she asked him to give her some money.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. What time was this? A. I think about two or three o'clock.





JOHN FOWLER
. I keep an earthernware shop in Ratcliffe-highway, On Tuesday evening, the 28th of January, the prisoners came and bought half a dozen plates.





BARTHOLOMEW BRENNAN
 (police-constable K 102.) Vinegar-lane is in my beat—I know both the prisoners—they keep company together, and sometimes live together—on Monday evening, the 27th of January, I saw M'Carthy standing at the bar of the public-house—I saw the prosecutor

come up the lane, and go into the public-house—he stood at the bar with M'Carthy—I did not see Rooney at that time—between one and two o'clock in the morning I saw Rooney standing on the pavement, near the house where M'Carthy lives—he was standing in front of the house—I passed him about twenty yards—I heard a man say, "If I could see a policeman he would make it all right for me "—I cannot tell where Rooney was at that time, but the voice came from the direction where he had stood.

COURT. Q. Was it the voice of Rooney? A. No, of some other person—I went back, and saw the prosecutor, and he communicated to me what had happened—he described M'Carthy's person—I searched the house, but found nobody there—I counted the gold in the bag, and there was 16l. 10s. in it.

M'CARTHY—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

ROONEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
