



2763. 




WILLIAM PEARCE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of July, 2 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, and 1 5l. Bank-note, the monies of 



John Rampling, from the person of 



Sarah Soder.






SARAH SODER
. I live with my mother, in Griffith's-rents. I was in the service of John Rampling—on the 4th of July he gave me a 5l. note, two sovereigns, and a half-sovereign, to get 1 3/4 oz. of gold-dust from the refiners in Old-street-road—I left my master's at half-past nine o'clock in the morning—I was going by the Lying-in Hospital, in Old-street, and saw the prisoner on the pavement—I did not know him before—he asked if I would take anything to drink—I said I did not mind—I went with him to the Star—I had the money in my hand—I had a glass of gin—I then left, and went with him on the box of a cab to the White Hart, in Old-street—he is a cab-driver—we went into the White Hart—the money was still in my hand, with a card with my master's handwriting on it—I had two glasses of half-and-half, and two glasses of ale to drink there—I told him I must go—he said, "Not just yet"—I got on the box again, and then we went up to the Wheat Sheaves, at Islington—he left me there with a pint of half-and-half, while he went to put up the cab in the yard—I had kept the money in my hand all the time—he came back in a quarter of an hour with another cab-man—I had a glass of gin and a glass of rum to drink—the other cab-man said I had better put the money into my bosom, or I should lose it—I did so—they then put me inside a cab, and paid another cab-man—they djd not go with me—at last I found myself at Dock Head, Bermondsey—I instantly felt for my money, and it was gone—I told somebody, and was afraid to go back.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. How have you been getting your living since this? A. As an unfortunate girl—I went home—my mother does not live at Dock Head, nor any one belonging to me—I went from Dock-head to Green-bank, Tooley-street—it appears I said, if

they took me to Dock-head, I should know how to go home, but I do not know what I said, I was senseless—this affair has been my total ruin—I was on the town before—I have been in a court of justice for being drunk—only once—that was at Union-hall—I was charged with stealing from a gentleman about four years ago—I was on the town between two and three years—I reformed at one time, and went into the Magdalen—it is between three and four months since I was there—I was never taken up but once—I was not drunk when I was on the cab—my master gave me in charge—I had been in his service six weeks.





JOHN LANE
. I am a cab-man. On the evening of the 14th of July I went to the Wheat Sheaves, at Islington—I saw the prisoner and Soder there—they were drinking—I joined them—she was rather intoxicated—she said if she went to Dock-head she should be at home—I assisted the prisoner to put her into my cab—he paid for it, and I went off to Dock-head with her.

Cross-examined. Q. Did she give her directions quite clear? A. Yes—she wished to be put into the cab—the prisoner was sitting down on the seat alongside of her—we were all three drinking—at the time she left she made no complaint, every thing appeared quite right—I did not know she had any money, nor tell her to put it into her bosom—she was not sick.





JOHN RAMPLING
. I am a gold-beater. On the 3rd of July I got a cheque for 6l. 16s. cashed at Rogers's banking-house—I received a 5l. note and some money—I do not remember the note—the cheque was drawn by Mr. George Donney—I gave the bank-note to Soder, with two sovereigns and a half-sovereign, to go and purchase some fine gold—she left my house, and I did not see her again till she was in custody.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you give her in charge? A. My wife did—I gave her the money on the Tuesday—I had an excellent character with her—she was with me six weeks or two months.





EDWARD FLEMING
. I am cashier at Rogers's banking-house. On the 3rd of July leashed a cheque of Mr. Donney's, for 6l. 16s.—I gave a 5l. note, No. 72529, dated 13th of April, and 1l. 16s. in money.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you make the entry in the book yourself? A. Yes.





THOMAS PHILLIPS
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England, and live n Park-road, Peckham. I produce a 5l. note, No. 72529, dated 13th of April, paid into the bank on the 8th of July.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you receive it? A. It came through Barnett's—they are paid in parcels—I find an entry of it in the book, which is not here.





JOHN HERRING
. I am shop-boy to Samuel Sharwood, of St. John-street-road. Between four and five o'clock on the 6th of July, the prisoner came to my master's shop and purchased a blouse, a waistcoat, and a pair of trowsers—they came to 13s.—he gave me a 5l. Bank-note—I went to Mr. Merritt's, the publican—I gave the note to him—he changed it—I took the change back—I gave it all to the prisoner, and he paid for the articles.

Cross-examined. Q. Did Wilkins, the policemen, come and inquire about it? A. Yes—I cannot say exactly whether I told him that the man did not buy anything, it is so long ago, it has slipt my memory—I generally speak the truth—I might on that occasion have told a falsehood—I did not speak the prisoner—I can remember a little about it—I took notice of the prisoner, because he was in the shop such a time—I had never seen him before—I was at the shop door—I went to the public house after he bought the things—I remember he was the man that bought the things.

COURT. Q. Are you quite certain it was the prisoner who gave you the

note? A. Yes—he was dealing in the shop with the shopman for the clothes.





FRANCIS MERRITT
. I keep a wine-vault in St. John-street-road. I remember, early in July, Herring coming to me to change a 5l. note—I do not know the number—I put my mark on it—this is the note—I wrote Mr. Sharpe's name, and my initials under it—I find that on this note—I swear this is the note—its number is 72529, dated 13th of April.

Cross-examined. Q. You put no date on it? A. No.





GEORGE DUVAR
 (policeman.) I went in pursuit of the prisoner—I did not find him till last Tuesday week.





GEORGE PULLMAN
 (policeman.) On the 12th of Sept. I went to the William the Fourth, on Eyre-street-hill, and found the prisoner—I asked if his name was not Pearce—he said it was—I said, "You have been a cab- driver?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "You are the person I am looking for; you are charged with robbing a girl of some money in your cab "—he said, "I know all about it; I am glad you have taken me, now it will come to an end; I was going to give myself up, and I wish I had"—he said so two or three times—he said he had heard since that she was a bad girl, and had robbed some swell of the money—he said he was innocent.

Cross-examined. Q. Was not he selling oysters when he was taken? A. Yes.

MR. PRENDERGAST
called






LAMBERT WILKINS
. I was in the police—I resigned on the 5th of Aug. I traced this 5l. note from the Bank of England to the public-house, and then to Herring—I went to the shop, and saw the foreman—some minutes after I saw Herring—I said to him, "Did you not go to a public-house and change a 5l. note?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "Who for?"—he said, "A man came to the door, and asked me whether I would change a 5l. note for him"—I said, "Who was the man?"—he said, "I don't know"—I said, "How was he dressed?"—he did not know—I said, "Did he purchase any I goods?"—he said, "No, he did not"—I said, "What did he give you?"—he said, "Nothing"—I said, "Who was the man?"—he said he should not know him; he could give me no further account.





WILLIAM SUTTON
. I lodged with the prisoner, in Payne-street, White Conduit-fields—he was taken up in Leather-lane—he has continued to live in Payne-street all along—he has always been at home when I have been there—I have lodged there about ten months—the prisoner has driven a cab up to about a fortnight of his apprehension—I know Mr. Sharwood's, the pawn-broker's shop—I went there with the prisoner last Saturday week—as I was going, Herring was standing at the door at the time—the prisoner bought a silk handkerchief at the door—Herring was the person he asked the price of it.

COURT. Q. Where do you live with him? A. I think it is Payne-street—I have lived there about twelve months—it is a low place—I live there still—I did not live in the same room as the prisoner—I drive a cab, sometimes a night cab, and sometimes a day cab.





GUILTY
.* Aged 31.—


Transported for Ten Years.

