



1204. 




JOHN WILLIAMS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
5th of March, at 
St. Andrew, Holborn, 1 coat, value 2l. 10s., the goods of 



Henry Robert Watts; 2 coats, value 6l.; 7 pairs of trowsers, value 4l.; 7 waist-coats, value 1l. 6s.; 3 shirts, value 10s.; 1 scarf, value 4s.; 1 handkerchief, value 4s.; 3 pairs of gloves, value 2s.; 1 dressing-case, value 1l.; 1 watch, value 5l.; I watch-ribbon, value 6d.; 1 slide, value 1l. 10s. 1 seal, value 1l.; 1 watch-key, value 5s.; 1 eye-glass, value 15s.; 1 pincushion, value 6s.; 2 pieces of foreign silver coin, value 18d.; and 1 sixpence, the property or 



James William Watts, in the dwelling-house of James Watts





.







JAMES WILLIAM WATTS
. I live at the White Horse public-house, High Holborn. The house belongs to my father, James Watts, and is in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn. On the 5th of March I missed the articles stated—I had seen them safe about a quarter of an hour before twelve o'clock that day on the floor—part of them were in drawers—the dressing-case and Macintosh were not—at two o'clock that day the prisoner came into the coffee-room, sat down, and called for some beer and the newspaper, while myself and two other persons were dining in the same room—he was taken into custody in the house, about half-past two o'clock, and a satin waistcoat and silver watch found on him in my presence—the other clothes were lying on the table—the waistcoat was in his hat—the dressing-case was lying on the table in the bar-parlour—on opening the bundle, it contained the other articles—it waft tied in a black silk handkerchief, which has since been given up to the prisoner.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Are you living with your father? A. Yes, as his clerk—the articles have been given to me by my father—I am nearly nineteen years old—my brother is twenty—he is not here—I know this is his coat.





GEORGE WAKELING
. I am waiter at the White Horse public-house. The prisoner came there on the 5th of March, about a quarter to twelve o'clock, and asked for a glass of half-and-half-and a newspaper, which I served him with—there was nobody but him in the coffee-room then—I was afterwards in the kitchen, which is on the first floor, and heard somebody coming down stairs—I went and found the prisoner coming down stairs with two bundles—he was on the first-floor—he had a Macintosh on previously, and I saw he had thrown that over the bundle on his arm—it was not on his person then—I said, "Halloo, what have you there?"—he went down stairs, threw the bundle down, and ran away into the street—I followed him, and called to the cook to take care of the bundle—I gate an alarm in the street, stopped him, and a young man ran with me into Dean-street, and into a green-grocer's shop—I collared him, took him back, and gave him in charge—two or three pairs of gloves and a watch was taken out of his pocket, and a satin waistcoat out of his hat—he then wore mutaschios, which he had not on before the Magistrate—I never lost sight of him till he was stopped.

Cross-examined. Q. There was no body else in the coffee-room? A. Yes, when we first went in there were two or three—I fancied I heard a noise before—the prisoner was then in the room I showed him into—there is an ordinary there every day.





ELIZABETH SELF
. I am cook at the White Horse. On the afternoon of the 5th of March I saw the prisoner on the stair-case going down with the bundle—when he got to the bottom of the stairs he dropped the bundle and a Macintosh, and ran away—I took them up and threw them into the bar-parlour—they were afterwards delivered to the constable—after he came back he put the Macintosh on.





JAMES GARNER
 (police-constable E 182.) I went to the White Horse public-house in consequence of information, and took the prisoner—I found on him a watch, a Macintosh coat, and a satin waistcoat in his hat—he

was wearing the Macintosh—I found about three pairs of gloves in the pocket, a gold guard round his neck, and a gold watch in his waistcoat pocket—he wore mustachios.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe the gold watch and chain are not claimed by the prosecutor? A. They are not.





JAMES WILLIAM WATTS

re-examined. This is my silver watch and satin waistcoat—both the Macintoshes were thrown down when he left—the dressing-case was in the bundle—this eye-glass is mine—there are two coats and seven pairs of trowsers—the watch and seals together are worth 7l.—I am certain they are above the value of 5l.




GUILTY. Aged 24.—Recommended to mercy.
—



Transported for Ten Years.

