



1074. 



ELLEN CALLAGAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, at St. George's, Hanover-square, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 gown, 1s.; 1 coat, 2l.; 1 handkerchief, 2s.; and 1 snuff-box, 1s.; the goods of 



Francis Mason: 1 coat, 6s.; 2 waistcoats, 14s.; 1 telescope, 2s.; 1 brooch, 4s.; and I stock, 5s.; the goods of 



John Mason: I shawl, 2s.; 1 teachest, 1l.; 1 ring, 4s.; 1 tea-cannister, 1s.; 2oz. weight of tea, 6s.; 1 metal watch-case, 1s.; and 2 shillings; the property of 



Richard Masou: in the dwelling-house of 



William Martimon.






FRANCIS MASON
. I live at No. 4, Davis-street, Oxford-street, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square. The prisoner worked for me as char-woman occasionally for three or four months—I lost the articles stated, part of which are my brother's, and part my own—one of them were worth 5l.





JOHN MASON
. I lodge with my brother. I lost a satin stock, two waistcoats, and a gold brooch, which were safe when the prisoner worked there.





CATHERINE MASON
. I am the wife of Richard Mason—I lodge with my son Francis. I lost a variety of articles.





JOSEPH NIFTON
 (police-constable D 118.) I went to No. 12, Orchard-place, Portman-square, on the 26th of March, and found the prisoner in bed in the front attic—I told her she was suspected of stealing a watch, and other articles, the property of Mr. Mason, of Davis-street—the said she had no property there of Mr. Mason's—I asked if she had any property at all there—she said, "Yes"—she was about moving the bed from the sacking, and said there was some property—I there found this handkerchief, and in it this snuff-box, with seventeen duplicates, some of which correspond with the property stolen, and a pack of cards—I found the tea cannister alongside the bed—she said they were her own, and the tea cannister belonged to her landlady, who slept in the same room; but she said it was not hers, and pointed to her own.





MART ECKETT
. I searched the prisoner at the Marylebone station—I asked for her pocket—she said she had not any—I told her to undo the bosom of her gown, which she did, and took something out of her bosom—I said, "Give me that"—she said, "I shall not"—I said, "I must have it"—she said, "It is my own hard earnings, it is mine"—I said, "I must have it"—it was a bag, with 3l. 11s. 5 3/4 d. in it, 2l. 11s. 4d. of it in silver—she insisted on having it counted.





GEORGE TAYLOR
. I produce a watch pawned by the prisoner, for 1l.; also, a handkerchief, coat, and waistcoat, pawned by her the same day—the officer has the duplicates I gave her.





JOHN STEVENS
. I have a pair of trowsers, pawned for 7s., I do not know who by, but the officer has the counterpart of the duplicate.





EDWIN SMALLBONE
. I produce a tea-caddy, pawned for 6s., on the 26th of March, by the prisoner—the duplicate I gave her is here.





FREDERICK NORTH
. I produce a bed-gown, handkerchief, telescope, and

stock, pawned by the prisoner—the last pledge is on the 24th of Feb.—the corresponding duplicates are in the officer's possession.
(property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence, I got them from the landlady of the house, and pawned them for her; I thought they were her own ; she gave me the duplicates; she said she had a bill to pay unknown to her husband.





FRANCIS MASON
. Mrs. Martinson is landlady of the house—the prisoner was not employed by her—she said at the second examination she had them from Mrs. Martinson—the prisoner had access to the things, but Mrs. Martinson had not.





JOSEPH NIFTON

re-examined. Mrs. Martinson was present at the office, and denied die statement—at the first examination the prisoner said she was drunk when she did it.




GUILTY

of Larceny. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.

