



1820. 




JOHN TAYLOR
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
29th of June, 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 15s.; 1 knife, value 5d.; 1 fork, value 5d.; and 1 spoon, value 5s., the goods of 



John Whiteside.






JOHN WHITESIDE
. I live at Hampstead. I lost the a rticles stated from my house on the 29th of June—I heard of it when I returned in the evening.





PETER NEAL
. I am a porter and messenger. On the 29th of June, about half-past two o'clock, I was delivering letters in the Hampstead-road

—I was attracted by a man going into every garden he could find open, with sealing-wax in his hand, and going up to the houses—I was delivering letters at the same houses—I watched, and saw the prisoner lurking very close behind him—a short time after, I saw him join the young man in conversation—I was coming in the same direction as them, and at the corner of Arm wood-street I told them if I caught them in that situation gain I would lock them up—they immediately separated—the prisoner went down Armwood-street and the other towards London—my business took me down Armwood-street with my letters—I went after him, came up with him, and asked if he had any thing on his person—I think his answer was "No"—I was not satisfied, and commenced searching his coat pockets—I did not put my hand into them, but felt outside—he pulled out of his trowsers' pocket a sovereign and some silver—I pulled his hat off, and saw a handkerchief with something wrapped up in it—I took hold of it—he immediately ran away—I pursued, calling out, "Stop him"—he was stopped at the top of Armwood-street—I sent a man for a policeman, but no one came, I took him down to a public-house at the corner of Park-street, where he made a struggle and nearly succeeded in getting away—three policemen came up and I gave him in charge—the handkerchief contained a pair of sugar tongs, a knife and fork, and a spoon—when I saw him with the other man they were about a mile from the prosecutor's house, which is on Downshire hill.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is it any thing like a quarter of a mile from the public-house to Downshire-hill? A. I speak to the best of my judgment—I was employed by the authorities of St. Pancras that day—my business took me over the bridge—I did not see the prisoner go into any gardens at all.





GEORGE CLOE
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody and found on him a sovereign, 5s., and two four-penny pieces—at the station-house Neal delivered me this handkerchief and plate.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
(MR. PHILLIPS, on the prisoner's behalf, stated that the other boy had given him the property.)





PETER NEAL
. re-examined. Q. How far from any of the gardens did the prisoner join the other man? A. It might be ten or twelve houses off—I did not see the prisoner nearer to the prosecutor's house than Chalk Farm-lane.
(The prisoner received a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 51.—


Transported for Seven Years.
