



1326. 




GEORGE WILLIAMS
, was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of March, 190 yards of mouseline de laine, value 4l. 10s. 3d., the goods of 



William Hardwick and another; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. HORRY
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH ROBERT WADDILOVE
. I am assistant to Mr. William Hardwick and

another, of High Holborn. On the 27th of March I was coming down from the warehouse on the first floor into the shop—the stairs are opposite the door—I saw a boy taking the delaines from the door, where they had been tied with a string—he went off, and I followed him down Gray's Inn-lane to Fox-court, where he dropped them—I overtook him in a passage on the left-hand side, in Fox-court—it was the prisoner—I had not lost sight of him at all, only while I was going out of the shop—I saw him when I got into the street, with the delaines, and did not lose sight of him—he asked what I was taking him for—I said, "For stealing the de laine dresses"—he said, "I have not stolen them, I found them by the side of the pump"—I got the dresses, and brought him back to the shop, and gave him in charge—these are the dresses—here are nineteen of them, and about ten yards in each—they are worth 4l. 10s. 3d.—they are the property of Messrs. Hardwick and Ford.

COURT. Q. Where were they? A. In the lobby, at the entrance of the shop—they might be a yard inside the door—I saw a person moving them from the door—I cannot swear it was the prisoner, but he was his height and size, and that sort of person; and as soon as I got out, which was scarcely a minute, I saw the prisoner with the mousseline delaine, and did not lose sight of him—I ran out directly.





FRANCIS HANCOCK
 (police-constable T 70.) I was called into the prosecutors' shop about five o'clock, on the 27th of March, and took the prisoner in charge—he said he did not steal them, but found them by the side of the pump.





PAUL JONES
 (police-constable T 37.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.
