






1897. 




JAMES ADAMS,



 MARY ANN TOY,



 WILLIAM BROWN
, and 




WILLIAM MURDEN
, were indicted for

 feloniously assaulting 



George Dean, and stealing from his person, 1 watch, value 5l.; 1 seal, 10s.; 1 watch-key, 8d.; and 1 handkerchief, 1s. 6d.; also beating, striking, and using other personal violence to him.



MESSRS. HUDDLESTON
and
BALDWIN
conducted the Prosecution,





GEORGE DEAN
. I have been in the Grenadier Guards—I left on the 15th of Aug., and on the 17th, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was in St. Ann's—street, Westminster, with three or four persons—one woman was with me, and one with another man, close by me—I was talking to the woman in the middle of the street—the prisoner Toy told us we could not stand there—I said I always understood we might stand in the public street or highway, and I thought the public street was the same—she insulted my friend, and called her a dirty w——she came out of the door—I caught hold of her by the arm as she was coming towards Goldsmith, who was in my company—then the prisoner Brown came—I caught hold of him by the arm—he closed with me, threw me, and began kicking me—I did not see Adams at that time—there were others came to their assistance, they ill—used me and kicked me—Adams and Murden came up afterwards while they were beating me—Brown took my watch out of my pocket and gave it to Adams, who ran away with it to the public-house—they were beating me at the time—Toy took my handkerchief off my neck—she bit my eye, and cut me with a poker alongside the face—there was another female, who is not in custody—the prisoners were all present—some people came to my assistance, and I got from them—I ran to the public-house door after my property—the door was slammed in my face—I was then knocked down again, kicked, and jumped on—I was sober—I received a cut on the back of my head, and my loins were hurt—I was ill for some time, and am not well now, and never shall be—I was very severely injured.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRT. Q. You had been drinking T A. Yes—I had been into the Three Elms about three—quarters of an hour—that was where my watch was taken to—Adams was a waiter at that house—when I saw him with my watch, I was on the ground recovering myself—I defended myself as well as I could—I never said I did not know who took my watch—I saw Adams go by after I got out of the disturbance—he came up to me, and said, "Here I am, what do you want me for?"—I do not know that a soldier in my company said, "That is not the man!"—Adams ran away as hard as he could—the public-house door was half shut—the landlord's son stood with half the door in his hand, and prevented my going into the house—I did not see Adams at first in the crowd, not till after the scuffle began—it was when the crowd came round me.

Toy. Q. Did not you, two females, and a soldier stand opposite the house, using abusive language? A. No—you undid my handkerchief by untying it, and scratched my neck—I was knocked down twenty times by one or the other, some kicking me, one untying my handkerchief, and the other taking my watch—the handkerchief was tied in a knot—I am quite disabled for work by their jumping on the small of my back—Toy had the poker—the other female struck me on the back of my head, laid my head open, and said she would knock my brains out—Toy brought the poker out, and struck me, and swore she would knock my brains out.

Brown. Q. You said you lost your watch in front of our door, and then said it was against a door nine doors off? A. I lost it in front of their door—Adams ran away with it into the Three Elms, and when he got in the door was closed—Brown knocked me down—Murden jumped on me, and Brown was kicking me about my eye.

Murden. Q. Did I make the first disturbance? A. No—I was knocked down once before you came up—I was knocked down at two places—you knocked me down at the public-house door—I cannot say whether you were there when I lost my watch or not.


Toy. Q. Did not you wear the handkerchief at Queen-square, when you gave me into custody? A. No, it was another I had on at the second examination—Mrs. Goldsmith does not live with me, nor prostitute herself to keep me.

MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. When did you first see Murden there A. when he jumped on me after I had lost my watch—I cannot say whether he was there at the beginning.





MARIA GOLDSMITH
. I am married, and live in St. Ann's-street—the prosecutor Deane does not live at the house now—he did at that time—on the 17th of Aug., about seven o'clock in the evening, I was in St. Ann's-street talking to Dean, opposite the house where Brown and Toy live—Toy came out and used bad language, and asked what we were standing talking in front of her door for—Dean said he thought anybody was allowed to stand in the King's higway—she then made a blow at me, and asked me to fight—Dean put me on one side and her on the other to keep us away—he did not strike her—Brown then ran and struck Dean—I saw Dean knocked down several times and kicked and ill-used, and Toy ran out, laid hold of the hair of his head, and dragged his handkerchief off his neck, and I took it out of her hand—I afterwards saw Adams going towards the Elms with a black ribbon belonging to the watch in his hand—I did not see the watch, but I knew the ribbon—I had seen it on Dean's watch several times—I gave the handkerchief I took from Toy to my son John Harding—after I saw Adams going away with the watch I saw Murden in the mob, but did not see him strike or kick—there was a great deal of confusion—I could hardly tell who was striking and who was not—both Brown and Adams were on the ground with Dean—they were near enough for one to hand anything to the other.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. You do not live with your husband? A. No, I do not live with the prosecutor—I never did, or with any man—my husband allows me 5s. a week, and I do needlework—I was in the Elms on this evening—there were several others there—we had a pot or two of ale—I think four—there was a great scuffle on this occasion—I was standing in the mob, and pushed from one side to the other—I got several blows—Adams and Toy struck me—I was not struck behind—Toy was dragging Dean—I came back in the mob, helped to pull him up, and Adams directly struck me—he was scuffling with the prosecutor.

Toy, Q. Were you not tipsy? A. No—I am quite certain—you came out and said, "What are you standing at my door for, making a noise?"—you took hold of the prosecutor's hair and dragged him down—he was hardly on his legs, when you pulled him back again—Adams, Brown, and Toy were all on him at once—I did not see Brown or you take the watch—Adams was there when the fight was—not when you were standing talking at the door.

COURT. Q. How far is the Elms from the place? A. Not half a minute's walk—it is in sight of the spot—Brown was near enough to take the watch, and Adams near enough to take it from him.

Toy. Q. Did you have any rum? A. No, and I had none at Taylor's—I have not been at the Nag's Head, in Tothill—street for twelve months—I never walk the streets—my husband has 30s. a week—he does not sell things in the street—John Harding is my son—he never had six months imprisonment—I never called you a wh——I do not know that I ever saw you till you were in the row—I do not live with Dean—he never slept in my room.

MR. HUDDLESTONE. Q. Was your husband with you that night at the Elms? A. Yes.






JOHN HARDING
. I am the son of the last witness. On the night of the 17th of Aug. I was in the Three Elms public-house—I heard a noise outside when I was at the bar—I went out, heard Mrs. Goldsmith calling out for John, and saw Dean on the ground, and Brown on the top of him, punching away on him—I pulled Brown off him—Adams was standing in the midst of the mob when I came up—he was not near Brown at first—when Dean got away Brown closed to fight with me—I could not see what became of Adams—while Dean was on the ground Toy was punching away at his head—I saw her drag him to the ground—when he got up again she tore the handkerchief from his neck—my mother took it from her hand—I asked my mother for it, I received it, and afterwards gave it to the constable.

Toy. Q. Were you not making a blow at Brown when you struck Dean and cut his eye? A. No, I had nothing to do with Dean but dragging Brown off him—the watch must have been taken before I got out—I did not see Brown give you anything, and you give anything to Adams—the handkerchief was untied, and you tore it from his neck—I said, "Mother, they I have got George's handkerchief—she took it from you, and I asked her to give it me, you trying to wrap it round your hand—Brown at that time was backing out of the mob—he was by when the handkerchief was taken—I do not recollect Murden being there—I was in Tothill-fields for thieving bacon, but was not the one that did it—I was tried for it at the Westminster sessions, and sent to prison for three months—it is three years ago.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. The row began before you got out? A. Yes, Adams was in the public-house, he was out before me—I pulled Dean off—there was a great scuffle and fight.





JOHN GOLDSMITH
. I live in Union-court. On the 17th of Aug. I was at the Elms with my wife and Dean—they went out first—I went out in four or five minutes and saw Brown on Dean, who was on his back on the ground—Toy was tearing his hair—I heard him complain of losing his watch in the crowd.

Toy. Q. Does not your wife live in Mrs. Parker's court? A. I do not know—Dean never lived with her to my knowledge—I allow her 5s. a week—I never sold things in the street in my life—I work at the new houses of Parliament as a smith, for Mr. Hunt, and have been there three years and a half.





EMMA BELL
. I live in Union-court, Orchard-street. I was in St. Ann's-street and saw Adams and Dean fighting—Adams took up the watch, and ran away with it towards the Elms—Adams was on the top of Dean, who was on the ground, and Brown on the top of him—I saw Adams pick up the watch off the ground—I cannot say how it got on the ground—Brown and Adams were close against one another, when he picked it up.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRT. Q. You were drinking with the prosecutor at the Elms? A. Yes, I came into the street with him—I was in the crowd but nobody touched me—the disturbance began the moment I got in the street—I did not see Adams till after the crowd collected—I have not talked to Mary Goldsmith about this.

Toy. Q. In what part of the row did you come up? A. I was there at the commencement—I had some rum at the Elms with Harding and Mary Goldsmith before it began—I drank very little, and had nothing at Taylor's—I did not go there—I do not walk the streets.

COURT. Q. What time did you come up? A. About five minutes to seven—Dean and Adams were fighting—they were on the ground, Brown was also on the ground—they both had Dean down—Toy was beating Mrs. Goldsmith—I saw Adams take the watch and run towards the Elms with it—I

do not know how he got it, but he had it in his hand—I saw some man give it into his hand who I do not know—it was picked off the ground—Adams took it off the ground, but he passed it to another man and the man passed it to him again—a young girl now outside heard me say, "There goes a man with the watch"—it was picked off the ground—he gave it to another man, that man gave it him back, and he ran towards the Elms—Brown was the man who gave it him—I am sure I saw Brown hand it to Adams.

JURY. Q. Did you see the poker in Toy's hands? A. Yes, she hit Dean on the back of the head with it—I did not see Murden—I went home directly after the watch was taken to the Elms—I was afraid of getting into the row myself.





GEORGE BROWN
. I am a private in the grenadier guards. I was with Dean and others on the evening of the 17th of Aug.—I was in St. Ann's-street in the public-house—I came out with Dean and others—we stopped in the street opposite the door—Toy came out and ordered us to go about our business—Dean asked if he were not allowed to stop in the street a few minutes—she said she would not let us stand in front of her door—Brown came out of the same door, knocked Dean down, and kicked him when he was on the ground—there were a great many people about—Munden was there at that time, and Adams also—I did not know either of them before—Dean got up, said he had lost his watch, and was making to the public-house to see if he could find it—the door was shut, and he was knocked down by Munden—I did not see the watch at all—I had seen it when Dean was coming out of the public-house before the row began—he looked at it to see the time—Adams did nothing that I know, but he was with the three other prisoners—he was close by Dean when he was knocked down by Brown—I did not see anything of a poker—I did not see Munden do anything during the row—he did not interfere that I saw—he was near enough to hear Dean complain of the loss of his watch.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. You kept out of the row I believe? A. Yes—Adams was in the street when the row first began—I had seen him in the public-house before—he was about half a yard or a yard from the prisoners in the street—I did not see him nearer than that—I was looking on all the time, but sometimes Dean was down and I could not see—I could not see Adams all the time—I did not see him use any violence—I went to Dean's assistance, and found Murden ill—using him, but not when he was first knocked down—I was too frightened to go up then, there was such a crowd, and soldiers often get ill—used in that street.

Toy. Q. Did you see me have the handkerchief? A. No, nor with the poker.





ROBERT PARKINS
. I live in St. Ann's—street. On the 17th of Aug., at not quite seven o'clock in the evening, I saw the prosecutor pass my shop—he had a watch in his hand, seeing what o'clock it was—a female and a soldier were with him—there were some people in the street—they had not got many steps from my window before I heard Toy say to Mary Goldsmith, "Will you fight?"—there was a scuffle between them—Dean tried to separate them—I sat down to my work and did not notice them, as fights are so common there—I saw a mob gathering, and got out of my window to fasten the shutters—I had not time to get out at the door—just as I got out Brown dragged something from Dean's body about his fob—Dean was then just rising on his knees—I cannot say what it was—he passed it to Toy—she passed it to the hands of Adams, who took it and ran off as hard as he could past me, towards the Three Elms—before the watch was taken I saw Toy beating Dean over the head with a poker—that was at the commencement of

the row—I then sat down to my work, and afterwards, on getting up to put to the shutters, I saw something handed to Adams, and saw nobody but Toy strike Dean with a poker—I saw Murden there standing among the mob at the time the robbery took place—I did not see him do anything—he was close to Brown—they were all in a body together.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. There was great confusion? A. Yes—it is a terrible place for disturbances—unless it had got worse I should not have noticed it—I am often obliged to close my shutters.

JURY. Q. Did you see Dean knocked down a second time? A. Yes, I near the public-house—Brown knocked him down then—I saw Murden give him a very severe kick on the head when he was on the ground before the public-house door—when Adams went towards the public-house door the landlord's son stood with half the door in his hand—Adams slipped in, and the door closed—Dean was running to try to catch him—as soon as he came to the door Brown was after him and knocked him down—he was jumped on in the most brutish manner and kicked—Murden gave him a very severe kick on the fore-part of the head, when the blood flowed in a dreadful manner—I did not expect the man would recover—it was a most brutal attack—he was jumped on and bruised when he made off to try to get his property—I did not see anything done to Dean's handkerchief.

Toy. Q. What sort of poker was it? A. A short one, as far as I could see—I could not see that it was a watch Brown took, but firmly believe so, because I saw a small part of the dark ribbon as it was placed into Adams' hands—a girl standing by me said, "There goes the watch."

Brown. Q. Can you say it was a watch in my hand? A. No—Dean was just rising on his legs—a great many people standing by said, "There goes the watch"—I had seen a ribbon attached to it when it was in Dean's hand.

Murden. Q. Had you seen me in the row at-first? A. Yes, you stood there, and when they ran towards the Elms you ran too—I did not threaten to have anybody's expences stopped unless they swore you kicked the man in the head—I never said I wished you sent across the water—I did not know you—I would not live there for double the rent, if I could avoid it.





ELIZA WANDLEY
. I live with my father and mother in Great St. Ann-street. On the 17th of Aug. I was looking out of the window, and saw Dean come by, talking to two females—Mrs. Goldsmith went on, not above half a yard from him—he was talking to the other young woman—the prisoner, Toy, called the woman very bad names, and said, "Go along from my door"—Dean said he would not, he was allowed to stand and speak on the highway—Toy stood up to Mrs. Goldsmith, and said, "Do you want to fight?"—Dean said, "No, she is not in the humour for fighting"—Toy said, "If you are not, I am;" and struck her twice—the second blow knocked her down—I did not see Mr. Goldsmith there at the time—when Mrs. Goldsmith was down, Toy was on the top of her, beating her with her fist—Dean went to pick her up—he was keeping Toy off with his hands, and while he was stooping, Brown ran out, and said, "Will you strike her?" and before Dean could answer him, Brown knocked him down—he rolled on his back, and Brown and Toy were beating him; Toy at his head, and Brown at the lower part of his body—he rolled over on the curb—Jane Wisdom, who is not here, twisted his handkerchief off his neck, and held it up—Mrs. Goldsmith stepped in and took it from her—Harding came up, and said, "Mother, give me the handkerchief"—Wisdom went in to where she lived, next door to me got a poker, and struck Dean with it—Toy took it from her, and used it as well—she beat Dean with it—it was not Toy, but Wisdom that took the handkerchief, from what I saw—I am sure of that.


COURT. Q. How near does Wisdom live to Toy? A. They both live in the same house—Murden was standing on the pavement, talking to his master, but I did not see him have anything to say with it—I saw Adams fighting with John Harding—Harding ran up the street, and went to the Elms, for protection, but was pulled out.

Q. What did Adams do? A. He was standing in the row, a yard and a-half from Dean, who was on the ground—I did not see the transaction out—I heard Emma Bell hollow out, "There goes Black Frank with the watch" at the time he was running to the Elms—I did not see the watch.

Cross-examined. Are you sure Adams was not by till some minutes after the row commenced? A. Not till five minutes after—a female ran into the public-house, and called out, "Here is a row"—Adams then came out, with a great many more—I cannot say whether he took any part in the fight with Dean—I saw Harding soon after the handkerchief was taken—he took the handkerchief from his mother's hand, and put it in his bosom, and Adams directly struck him—it was after that he was fighting with Harding—Adams was in the crowd with the prisoners—I saw Harding try to get into the Elms—Adams tried to prevent him, taking him by the collar—Wisdom took the handkerchief off—Adams was then in the crowd, a yard and a half from Dean—it was after that he began to fight with Harding—he was not four yards from him—I only saw it from the window—I did not see Adams in contact with anybody but Harding, and that was five or six yards from the public-house; but you question me so fast, you will not let me answer you—I did not see Adams touch Toy on the shoulder, and say, "Come out, or you will get into trouble."

JURY. Q. Did you see the prosecutor knocked down the second time? A. The first time, not the second—my window is rather slanting towards them, and on the same side as the row happened—I saw Wisdom untie the handkerchief—Toy might have had it—I saw Toy strike Dean over the head with the poker—she was beating him in the face at the time Wisdom took the handkerchief, and he was resting on Wisdom's knee.





SAMUEL BRINE
 (police-constable B 33.) On the evening of the 17th of Aug. I went to St. Ann's-street—there was a mob of people—I saw Dean bleeding from the eye—he had marks of ill usage, and was severely injured—he was not drunk—he had been drinking—I assisted him—he said he had been assaulted, struck on the eye, and his head cut open with a poker—I asked him to come and point out the parties to me—he said he was afraid to do so until the mob had dispersed—I did not see Adams there then—I took him and Toy that night about nine o'clock, and Brown next morning.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you have known Adams as a pot-man at the public-house? A. Yes, three or four years—I never had him in custody—it is a very low neighbourhood—if anybody is in custody, there is a mob to prevent our taking him.





DENNIS DEVINE
 (police-constable B 61.) I saw Dean after the row—I saw Adams pass, and heard a female in the crowd say, "Adams has got a watch"—a few minutes after Adams came from towards the public-house, and said, "Here I am, if you want me"—Dean was afraid to come out below that, until the crowd dispersed—he did not give him in charge at that time—the watch has not been found.

Cross-examined. Q. Did a soldier say, "That is not the man?" A. Not in the prosecutor's presence—he was in the passage—I should know the soldier if I were to see him—it was not the witness Brown—I have known Adams some time—he has borne a general good character—I believe he is a quiet, peaceable, man—I understand he has assisted the police on different occasions.


MR. HORRY, on behalf of the prisoner Adams, called






MARGARET NEAT
. I am the wife of a labouring man, and live in Old Pye-street. On the 17th of Aug., between six and seven o'clock, I was in the Three Elms, and saw Harding and Adams there—Adams does jobs for the publican—Adams and Harding went out—Harding came running back—he ran behind the bar, and Adams tried to get him out—he got him out—while he was doing that I heard a voice say, "I have lost my watch"—Adams was not out then—he was in the house then and for three or four minutes after that—I kept inside and saw nothing further—Adams had been out before I heard the cry, but I do not think he went out further than Mr. Crosbie's door—they had both gone out some time before—Adams had been no further than the door—I was at the bar when I heard the cry—Harding ran in, and all the people went with him—they were all tipsy—Harding ran back—Adams could not get him out, and the landlord tried—Adams was at the door, and ran in to get him out—no, I beg your pardon, he did not go out, it was the prosecutor and the people with him—Adams was standing at the door before I heard the cry—Adams had been sitting down in the tap-room before I heard the cry.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALDWIN. Q. How long had you been in the house? A. About twenty minutes—I had not been out at all during that time—I have sworn that Adams had not been out of the house for two or three hours—I went in before and saw him, and when I came back he was in the same place—when Harding and the rest of the people went out, Adams was in the bar—a young woman called him out from the bar—I saw him go from the bar as far as the door—I was standing at the bar, with my face towards it—I did not look for Adams at all—the door was on my left—he was at the door—I cannot exactly say whether he was outside or in—he was not a yard outside before the cry about the watch, because I stood looking at him—I had no particular reason for noticing him.

Q. Did not be follow Harding in? A. Yes, he ran in from the door after him—I could not have my eye on him particularly, for they ran in all in a rush—he could not have gone three or four yards from the door without my seeing him.

COURT. Q. Had he the door in his hand, holding it open? A. The door was fastened back with a chain—he stood right in the doorway, so that no one could come in or out—his face was towards the street when Harding came in—they got him out and the publican shut the door, shutting Adams and Harding out, and would not let anybody in—it might be three or four minutes after the cry about the watch that Adams went out—he was getting Harding out at the time.

Q. Why did the landlord shut his waiter out? A. I suppose he was glad to get rid of them—there was a crowd round the door—I saw no more of Adams.





MARY WATTS
. My husband is a bricklayer. We live in St. Ann's-street, in the same house as Mrs. Goldsmith—on the 17th of Aug., about a quarter to six o'clock, I went to the Elms with Mrs. Goldsmith—we had two pots of ale—Mrs. Goldsmith was very much intoxicated—she got up and begun to dance—she afterwards came and threw her bonnet and shawl and the key of her door at me—after, that she went to the prosecutor over the table and said, "I want 1s."—he said, "Here is 2d." and threw it at her—she at last took it and gave it to a man who plays the fiddle—she shook her pocket at him, and said, "I have two or three shillings"—after that she called the prosecutor—he jumped over the table, and went out—at that time, Adams was in the tap-room, talking with me—I saw a person, who I understand

is Mrs. Goldsmith's husband, but she lives with Dean—a woman came and said, "Do you know where Mrs. Goldsmith's shawl and bonnet is?"—I said, "I have got them"—presently her mother came, and said they had gone up the street—Adams was at the bar then—I went out, and saw the prosecutor fighting, men and women fighting together in all directions, one was down on the other—I saw the prosecutor down—it frightened me so much I ran up the street for a policeman, but could not find one—the mob was to great, I ran into my own passage, looked out of my window, and saw Mrs. Goldsmith's husband and her son come to my passage—presently I saw Mr. Goldsmith and the prosecutor, arm-in-arm, coming up stairs, with his face bleeding—they came up stairs—I opened the door to them, and ran down to get water to wash his face with—I did not see Adams by Dean at all—I was so frightened I ran to fetch a policeman—I had left Adams standing at the door of the public-house.

Toy's Defence. I was going to the Park, to meet Brown; when I came out there was Dean and Goldsmith, and another woman named Ann, quarrelling; my landlady told them to go away; they used very abusive language; Mrs. Goldsmith turned round and called her several names; I came out; I had been ill; my landlady told me to go in; Mrs. Goldsmith took off her cap, and threw it into the street; Dean immediately came, caught hold of me, and pulled me into the crowd; Brown was drunk; the row was most dreadful; John Harding came up and kicked me, and so did Dean; I showed the Magistrate the marks, at Queen's-square; all my things were torn off my back; I had not a bit of anything down to my waist; I am quite innocent of the watch, and am certain Brown is innocent; I never saw it before or since; I never had the handkerchief in my hand; Mrs. Goldsmith took the handkerchief from the man's neck; I had bruises on me for a fortnight.
(Brown handed in a written statement, representing that he was the worse for liquor, stating that Dean, Mrs. Goldsmith, and others, were using very abusive language, and were ordered by the landlady to remove from the front of the house, but Mrs. Goldsmith refused, and endeavoured to strike the landlady, but struck his wife instead; he then interfered, and was ill treated, and he had now surrendered to take his trial, being entirely innocent of any robbery.)

Murden's Defence. I was standing at the gate, talking to master, and never went near the row, till it was over; I did not see the row at all; my master cannot attend here.
(William Cottrell, police-constable L 108, and Robert Parkins, a witness for the prosecution, gave Adams a good character. William West, of Gun-street, Blackfriars, gave Brown a good character.)

ADAMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 36.

TOY—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.

BROWN—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.

MURDEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.







Transported for Fifteen Years
.
