




1423. 




FERDINAND WEIGENER
 was indicted

 for stealing 125 victorines, value 40s.; 7 pairs of fur cuffs, 12s.; 98 squirrel skins, 3l.; 4 boas, 1l.; 2 geese skins, 8s.; 1 muff, 5s.; 174 rabbit skins, 8l.; 750 squirrel tails, 3l.; and 8 ermine tails, 135.; the goods of 



Adam Joseph Ignatius Geyer, his master, in the dwelling-house of 



Henry Gardener: and 




LEMON COHEN
, for 

feloniously inciting him to commit the said felony.



MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






ADAM JOSEPH IGNATIUS GEYER
. I am a worker and manufacturer of furs, and live at No. 37, Liquorpond-street; Mr. Gardner is my landlord; I am employed by Mr. Poland and Mr. Finigan, of Noble-street A man named Mayor was in my employ five or six months ago—he left me suddenly—I sent him away—the prisoner Weigener was in my service—on the 22nd of June I sent Weigener to Mr. Finigan for fifty boa tails, which he brought—that increased my stock of Mr. Finigan's goods—I had property on my premises belonging to Mr. Poland also at the same time, and some of my own—I had an uncle living at Preste, in Hungary—on the 22nd of June, about ten minutes or a quarter past two o'clock, I received a letter—Nixon and the prisoner Weigner were at my premises at the time—on receiving the letter I and my wife set off to Denmark-hill, leaving Weigner and Nixon on the premises—I asked Nixon to remain there till I came back—that letter requested me to go to No. 21, Carforland-street, Denmark-hill, for a parcel, precisely at three o'clock, over London-bridge—it purports to come from William Ryder—I went, and hunted for William Ryder there, but could not find any such place or parcel—I returned in about four hours; and when I got borne, about six o'clock, I found nobody there—the place was empty—then was nothing but my furniture left—the doors were locked—cll the furs were gone, and Weigener was gone—soon after the apprehension of Weigener saw a black bag, containing furs, at the station—a part of them belonged to Mr. Finigan, a portion to Mr. Poland, and a portion to myself—they were all in my care and custody, and were worth between 50l. and 60l., and were safe on the premises when I went away—the officer produced the key of my door to me.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Had you been at home all the morning? A. Yes—Weigener was out from half-past nine o'clock until ten minutes past twelve—he went to fetch some furs—it was only necessary for him to be absent half an hour.





SUSAN NIXON
. I am single, and am a fur-worker—I live at No. 42, Field-lane, Holborn—I am employed by Mr. Geyer to work out of doors—I was at his house On Monday, the 26th of June—Mr. Geyer went out and asked me to stay until he returned—I said I would—he went out with his wife about two o'clock, leaving me and Weigener at the place alone—when they were gone Weigener looked out of the windows and muttered something about Mr. Geyer which I did not understand, he then told me to go and call on one of the hands that were working for him, for some work—I went away immediately, leaving him there alone.





JAMES HOUGH TON
. I am a furrier, and live at Mare-street, Hackney—I have had dealings with the prisoner, Cohen, on various occasions—he lived at No. 25, Widegate-street, Bishopsgate—on Thursday, the 18th of June, he I called on me, and asked if I would buy some fitch and other skins—I said I would if they suited me—on Sunday, the "21st of June, I was out part of the day—I returned between one and two o'clock, and found him there—he apo-logized for taking the liberty of coming on Sunday, and then told me he had I an opportunity of buying the lot of goods he had mentioned—I asked what I they consisted of, and I took them down in writing—they were (reading) 63 fitch I Victorines, of four skins each, 54 light brown rabbit Victorines, of two skim? each, ten dozen wild rabbits, 100 squirrels, and about 400 tails—he said they I were to be bought for 18l.—we valued them together at between 30l. and 40l.

—he said, reckoning the value at 34l. or 35l. it would leave a profit of 16l., or 17l., and he should expect nearly half the amount for introducing me to the transaction—he said, "Of course as you will purchase them and lay out the money, you will have more than I shall; you will have 1l. or 2l. more; that will leave 6l. or 7l.—I asked who had got them to sell—he said a young man who had been in the employment of Mr. Meyer, who had absconded with 1000 squirrels—that these goods were intrusted to a young man by Mr. Finigan—I asked him in what manner they were to be purchased—he said be would take the young man to a public-house with the goods—he would then come to Hackney and fetch me—he asked me what time would suit me—I said about two o'clock the following day—on the Monday morning I went and gave information to Mr. Finigan.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You knew Finigan perfectly well? A. Not personally, I knew him by reputation—he is a large furrier, and well known to every body in the trade—I had no doubt who was intended by Finigan—I knew Finigan to be a respectable dealer, carrying on business in a respectable way—I have had dealings with the prisoner for the last twelve months—I found him acting as agent for the purchase of goods, employed by others, and in other cases of pieces I consider the goods belong to him—he did not say when he alluded to the 1000 squirrel-skins that if it was a simjlar case he should have nothing to do with it—he said nothing of the kind—when he went away on the Sunday he said, "Don't too much depend on my coming, as the man may go to some one else."





JOHN FINIGAN
. I am engaged very largely in the fur trade—I live at Nos. 20 and 21, Noble-street, Cheapaide—the witness, Geyer, was in my service as a workman, what we term a chamber-master, working at his own place—it was his business to work up furs at his own house—on Monday morning, the 26th of June, Weigener came to me from his master—in consequence of the message he brought, I saw 54 fitch tails delivered to him—inconsequence of information I received from Houghton I went with an officer, at about twenty minutes or a quarter to twelve o'clock, to Liquorpond-street, just opposite Geyer's house—I watched, and between half-past two and three o'clock I saw Geyer and his wife leave the house, and then I saw Nixon leave—I crossed over and questioned her, and returned to a public-house opposite where I was—I had hardly got into the public-house, before I saw Weigener come down stairs and come out of the house with a large bag—I had seen him look out of the window immediately after Geyer and his wife left—he came out almost immediately after the girl—he looked right and left, and then went to the public-house, at the corner of Liquorpond-street, again looked about him, crossed over to King's-road, and got into the first cab on the stand with his bag—the officer and I got into another cab and followed him to Duke-street, Smitbfield—the officer was outside the cab—at Duke-street Weigeuer got out of the cab and went into Bartholomew close—he returned in a short time with a leather trunk or portmanteau, placed it in the cab, got in himself, and we followed him in the cab to Bishopsgate-street—when we got beyond Houndsditch by the White Hart the cab stopped, but it appeared not to be the right place—they went on again further, and stopped exactly opposite Widegate-street—the officer had got down to follow the cab, and spoke to the prisoner and took him by the collar—there was a scuffle—I went forward and collared the prisoner—he was put back into the cab, and driven to the station—I opened the bag, and saw my goods at the top—there are not 63 fitch Victorines—Geyer had from me the materials for 63 of four skins each, one of which he had to make up, and two I have received from a young woman since—the rest ace here—there are also 55 rabbit Victorines, of two skins each—ten dozen wild

rabbits, about 100 squirrels, and more than 400 tails—here are 239 fitch-skins belonging to me, worth about 30l.—on the Saturday before Whit-Sunday this year I had delivered 1000 squirrel-skins to one Meyer, from my premises—I saw them delivered—I never got them back—Meyer absconded—I went with the officer to take Cohen into custody—he lived in Widegate-street, 130 paces from where the cab stopped.





THOMAS BRADLEY
 (City police-constable. No. 269.) On Monday, the 26th of June, I accompanied Mr. Finigan to Geyer's house—I saw Geyer and his wife come out, and saw Nixon come out—Weigener looked out of the window—he then came out with a black bag—I have heard Mr. Finigan's evidence as to the journey in the cab—I arrested the prisoner in Widegate-street, and secured the bag containing the goods produced—I find they correspond with the paper produced—I saw them counted over—I afterwards took Cohen into custody in Liquorpond-street, in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn.





THOMAS WILLIAM ELLIOTT
. I live at No. 15, Bartholomew-close, and let lodgings. The prisoner Weigener lodged with me—he and another lodger, named Meyer, both came together—on Sunday night, the 21st of June, Weigener did not sleep at his lodgings—he came to me on Monday morning the 22nd, between ten and eleven o'clock, and said he wanted to write a letter to a person in Sheffield, a friend of his brother's—he wrote the letter, and I gave him wax and a seal—it was a letter similar to the one produced by the prosecutor—I sent this half-sheet of paper to Mr. Finigan on the 24th of June—it is the half-sheet from which Weigener tore the half-sheet on which he wrote the note, I believe—on Sunday, the 21st, in the morning, the prisoner Weigner removed everything that was valuable from my house, except an old pair of trowsers. (The half-sheet of paper being compared with the letter, matched with it.)





JANE ALDIS
. I am the wife of William Aldis, a fur-worker, and live at No. 3, Mitre-place, Broad-wall, New-cut I knew Meyer, who has ran away—I know Weigener and Cohen—Meyer and Weigener lived together at No. 15, Bartholomew-close—I have seen them there together, and have seen Cohen with them there—I saw him there with them on the Friday and Saturday before Whit-Sunday—on the Friday afternoon before Whit-Sunday I saw Meyer and Cohen talking together—Cohen came after two o'clock, and staid till about a quarter to twelve o'clock at night—I went there on the Saturday for, wages, and found Weigener there—while talking to him on the stairs Cohen came. Up—Weigener and Cohen went up stairs together—I was absent a short time, and on my return I found them still together—I saw them together on the Wednesday evening before the Monday that Weigener was taken into custody.





JAMES HOUGHTON

re-examined. Weigener said the goods were intrusted by Mr. Finigan to the young man who had lived with Meyer, and described him as a German—he did not know his name.

Weigener's Defence. Mr. Geyer left me in charge of the room and all the things in it; I told him I expected a friend from Sheffield, to bring me some money from my father; while he was absent the young man came to me; he said he had to go into the City, and I was to meet him at the third coffee-house beyond Bishopsgate church; as soon as I left the cab to go to the house I was taken in charge (my box was taken from Bartholomew-close;) I took the goods in the cab% that they should not be stolen during my absence.
(Weigener received a good character.)

WEIGENER—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

COHEN *—


GUILTY
. Aged 43.





Transported for Ten Years.



Third Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.

