




1605. 




THOMAS JONES
 and 




JONATHAN WISE
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
11th of May, 1 box, value 3s.; 3lbs. weight of candied lemon-peel, value 5s. 9d.; 3lbs. weight of carrawmy comfits, value 7s.; 1lb. weight of gelatin, value 7s.; 7lbs. weight of almonds, value 7s.; 10lbs. weight of lounges, value 11s.; 26lbs. weight of figs, value 11s.; I and 10lbs. weight of plums, value 8s.; the goods of 



Vincent Bowler.






JOHN HANSLOW
. I am a policeman. On Tuesday night, about twelve o'clock, I was on duty, and saw the prisoners at Old Brentford—I saw a carrier's cart pass, and saw Jones get on the shaft of the cart—Wise was close to him, and in conversation with him—I thought they belonged to the cart, and left—in about three quarters of an hour I saw Jones, and Wise about thirty yards behind him, coming in a direction from the cart—they said, "Good night;" and seeing they could not be the carriers, I fol-lowed and overtook Jones—I said, "What have you under your smock-frock?"—he said, "I have a pound of tea,"—producing the parcel)—I said, "Where did you get it?"—he said, "I bought it at Isleworth"—I said, "That cannot be, I saw you at Brentford; you are my prisoner"—he resisted very much—we had a scuffle—Wise came up—I said, "You know me, and perhaps will take this parcel for me"—he said he would—I did that to keep him till I met the sergeant, and then gave him in charge—I found the parcel was gelatins—I went on to Hounslow, and found Bowler, who looked into his cart, and missed a box directed to Mr. Stubbs, of Henley—he returned to

Brentford, and about five o'clock in the morning the box was found in a meadow close to the Thames, broken open, ready to be taken away in a boat, and all the packages opened to see what was in them.





VINCENT BOWLER
. I am a carrier from Wantage to Henley and London. I was coming from London, and had the box produced in my cart—I sometimes get into my cart, but do not know that I was asleep that night—the box was safe at Turnham-green.





WILLIAM AKERS
. I am in the employ of Mr. Burrows, wholesale confectioner. I packed up this box, and sent it to the Rose Inn, Farringdon-street, to go to Henley—this is the box, and I put this gelatine into it—here is my mark on it.





ROBERT JOYCE
. I work at Old Brentford. I found this box lying by the river—the parcels had been opened—it was handy to be taken away by a boat.





JAMES HENDERSON
. I am a sawyer, and live at Brentford. I saw Wise on that Tuesday night at Brentford.





JOSEPH THICK
. I keep the One Tun public-house, at Brentford. On Tuesday night, the 10th of May, I served the two prisoners with a pint of beer.

Wise. Q. Did I not come in alone? A. I do not know, but you were both there.

JONES*—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

WISE*—


GUILTY
. Aged 31.




Transported for Seven Years.
