





243. 




ROBERT HOWARD,



 WILLIAM JEROME
, and 




JOHN STEVENS
, were indicted for

 stealing 18 bobbins of silk, value 1l. 16s.; the goods of 




Charles John Ivey.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES JOHN IVEY
. I am a carpet and fancy trimming manufacturer, in Radnor-street, St. Luke's; Charles Frederick Howard was in my service. About five weeks ago I received information, examined my stock, and missed upwards of 100 bobbins—I spoke to Charles Frederick Howard—he told me a falsehood, but afterwards be made a communication to me.





CHARLES FREDERICK HOWARD
. I am fourteen years old—I am the prisoner Howard's brother—after I had been in the prosecutor's service some time (about two weeks before I left, on a Tuesday,) my brother asked if I could get any silk—I said yes, if I chose—he asked me to bring some out, and said he would wait for me at my tea half-hour—I live at my father's, and was in the habit of going home at regular hours for my meals—I saw my brother the next day with Jerome and Stevens—they both asked me to bring some out—on the 17th of Nov. my brother met me in the morning, with Jerome and Stevens—my brother asked me to bring out as many as I could, and he said he would meet me at my dinner hour, at one o'clock—Stevens told me to bring out full bobbins, because they would fetch the most—I took some bobbins that day, and gave them to my brother, out at the door of my master's warehouse—Jerome and Stevens were waiting watching, about a dozen doors off—directly I gave my brother the bobbins he went and joined them—the next day I was given in charge—I have not been in custody, my master forgave me—on the Saturday night I had 6d. from Jerome and 4d. from Stevens, for the bobbins—I have been in Newgate, to appear here as a witness—I received half-a-crown from first to last.

Cross-examined by
MR. BEADON. Q. Where were you standing on the first occasion? A. At Castini-place, several houses from my master's—the last time Jerome and Stevens went further down, but they were within sight of the house—they were going down the street—when I gave my brother the bobbins, I went in immediately and opened the door again, to see if my brother was gone, and saw him in company with Jerome and Stevens.





SAMUEL GEORGE LLOYD
, errand-boy to Mr. Pack, Bartholomew-square. I am fourteen years old—I know the prisoners by sight. On Friday, the

18th of Nov., I was going along Radnor-street, and saw the three prisoners waiting together at the corner of Castini-place—I believe Stevens was one, but I am not certain—it was a person taller than the other two—as I came back I saw Howard walk to the door of Mr. Ivey's house, and presently his brother came to the door, and gave him a paper parcel—Jerome and Stevens were about twenty yards from the door, and appeared to be watching—directly Howard got the parcel he ran down to the others, and they all walked off together—I think I had seen the same three boys together three or four times before, loitering about there—I told some one about it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How far were they from the prosetutor's when Howard gave something to his brother? A. About eighteen or twenty yards—I do not know whether they were talking to each other—I am not certain that I bad seen Stevens before.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-sergeant G 20.) On the 20th of Nov. I took Charles Frederick Howard into custody—I after that took the three prisoners all together in a house in Cumberland-place, Compton-street, Clerkenwell—I told them it was for receiving a quantity of silk from Howard's brother, who was in the employ of Mr. Ivey, on Friday last—they all denied it—Stevens said, "We were not there on that day"—they all spoke together—I did not ask them if they knew each other before.





HENRY REDMAN
 (police-constable G 224.) Jerome said, in going to the station, "How many did Charley Howard say there were of us?"—I said, "You three and himself"—I said, "He said he had half-a-crown"—Jerome then called to Stevens, "I say, Stevens, Charley Howard said we wanted to rank him; he only had half-a-bull for his share; what a pity he had not his share; we shall get no hot rolls for breakfast"—Stevens made no answer.
(John Smith and—Brook gave Jerome a good character; and Eliza Howard gave Howard a good character.)

HOWARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

JEROME—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

STEVENS—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.






Transported for Seven Years.

There were three other indictments against the prisoners.
