





1003. 




JOHN CLARKE
 and 




HENRY HURRY
 were indicted for

stealing 33 panes of glass, value 1l. 10s.; and 7 glazed window-sashes, 5l.; the goods of 



William Seaborn, and fixed to a certain building belonging to him; and that Hurry had been before convicted of felony.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM SEABORN
. I live at Camberwell. I am building twenty houses in Knacker's-lane, Lower-road, Deptford—I was there on the evening of the 27th of March, and left those premises all safe between six and seven o'clock in the evening—ten of the houses were glazed—I went the next morning between six and seven—I found I had lost some glass and frames—I found some of the frames had been taken out of the houses, and put in a field—I fetched them back, and missed seventy-five panes of glass from them—seven sashes had been taken from seven different houses—they were the sashes of the lower back rooms in each bouse—they had all been in their places the night before—the beads were in, but the lines were not—the sashes were kept in by the support of the beads—the frames were left across a garden field, not against the premises—these panes of glass fit exactly into ✗hese squares of the sash—there were six sashes of this size that I lost he✗his frame was one that was carried across the field—window-frames a ✗ sorts of sizes—it is not very usual to see a square of glass fit into a ✗ as this does—you may go to a hundred shops and not find a square of glass to fit this frame.





WILLIAM NOAKES
 (police-constable M 104.) On the 27th of March I was on duty at a quarter before nine o'clock in the evening, in Russell-street, Bermondsey, which is a little more than a mile from Mr. Seaborn's, and met the two prisoners, one on each side of the way—they were coming in a direction from Mr. Seaborn's houses, and each carrying a bundle—I heard the glass make a noise—I stopped Clarke, and asked what he had got there—he said, "Glass"—I asked where he brought it from—he said from his master's, in High-street, Deptford—he mentioned some name, which I do not recollect—he then said to Hurry, who was on the other side, "Give this officer one of our cards"—he then said, "Give him one of our governor's cards, it is all right"—Hurry took out a card or a piece of paper, but he did not give it to me, he put it into his pocket again—I then asked them both where they were going to take it to—they said, "To our governor's, in Blackfriars-road"—I took Clarke by the collar, to save the glass from falling—Hurry threw his bundle down, and ran away—on the road to the station Clarke said he did not know anything about the glass; the person who had ran away had given it to him to carry—I noticed a good deal of fresh putty on his hands, and he seemed to wish to get rid of something—I found this knife in his pocket, all over putty—I found about thirty-five panes of glass on Clarke—Hurry's bundle was picked up by a person standing by, at my request—that contained about forty squares of glass, but some of them were broken—I gave directions, and Hurry was taken afterwards.





JOHN WEST
 (police-constable M 249. I took Hurry on the 31st of March—I told him he was charged with being with Clarke—he said he did not know Clarke.





WALTER TYLER
 (City police-constable, No. 373.) I produce a certificate of Hurry's former conviction, which I got from the Clerk of the Peace of

Surrey—(read—Convicted 2nd of July, 1844, and confined Six month)—the prisoner is the person.

CLARKE—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

HURRY—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.





Transported for Seven Years.

