



635. 




JOHN MARTIN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of Jan., at 
St. Marylebone, 5 gowns, value 35l.; 1 table-cloth, 4s.; and 1 basket, 10s.; the goods of 



Frederica Jules Fincke:—I gown, value 10s., the goods of 



Elizabeth Hindry:—I bed-gown, value 2s.; 1 cap, 1s.; the goods of 



Mary Bowler: 1 hair-brush, value 1s.; 1 night-gown, 2s.; 1 pair of stockings, 1s.; and 1 pair of boots, 3s.; the goods of 



Elizabeth Bilton, in the dwelling-house of 



William, Lord Feversham.






LAURE CLESTINE FINCKE
. I am single, and am a dressmaker, living in Somerset-street, with my sister. On the 19th of Jan., I had to take some dresses to the house of Lord Feversham, in Cavendish-square—they were made for Lady Feversham—as our boy was out, I looked out for some one to help me carry them—I saw the prisoner—he told me his father had lived for thirty years in one shop, and he could have two years character himself—on that representation, I employed him to carry the things for me—he came to our house—I gave him a basket containing a satin dress, a velvet dress, and a silk dress, and went with him to Lord Feversham's—we got there about half

past six o'clock—I law the lady's maid, who told me to leave the goods and to come back again, as I could not then see Lady Feversham—the prisoner was there at the time—I left the basket and dresses in the hall, and came away—I told the prisoner to be at my house in about an hour—he promised to come, but did not—I left him at Lord Feversham's door—I went again to Lord Feversham's about an hour after, and there learnt that the things were all gone—they were worth £35—I have not got any of them back again.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Was it your property? A. No—my sister's, Frederica Jules Fincke—I am not a partner with her—we live together, and carry on the business together, but it is her property and her business—I am quite sure of the prisoner—I did not give a boy named M'Donald in charge—I gave no directions to have another boy taken.





TOSKEE PAGE
. I am page to Lord Feversham, who lives in Cavendish-square. On the 19th of Jan., I saw Miss Fincke and the prisoner in the hall at Lord Feversham's—I saw the basket in the hall—about half-an-hour after Miss Fincke had left, I saw the prisoner in the hall—he said he could not stop any longer, he had got some dresses in the basket to take to Harley-street—he said he would go there, and call again in half-an-hour—he took up the basket and went off with it—he did not come back—Miss Fincke came afterwards, and the things were gone—in the interval between her leaving the basket and the prisoner going away, the servants came home from the country—I bad placed a bundle belonging to the cook in the hall, where the prisoner stood—after he was gone I missed that bundle—I had seen the prisoner in the hall at the time Miss Fincke was there.

Cross-examined. Q. You would not venture to swear that he is the boy that came afterwards for the bundle? A. Yes—when he first came I was in and out the hall several times—I saw him there as I was taking up the Inggage.





ELISABETH HINDRY
. I am cook in the service of Lord Feversham. I came to town with the other servants on Thursday the 19th of Jan.—I gave Page a bundle from the hackney-coach, which was placed on the carriage imperial—I saw a dressmaker's basket in the hall—my bundle contained a silk dress of my own, a night-gown, and night-cap, of Mary Bowler's the housemaid, and a night-gown, a pair of stockings, a brush, a comb, and pair of boots, of Elizabeth Bilton, the under laundry-maid—I had many parcels, but only lost that one.

Cross-examined. Q. What is Lord Feversbam's name? A. William—I never heard that he had any other Christian name—the family name is Duncombe.





ISAAC SPREADBORO
 (police-constable D 61.) On the 19th of Jan., at half-past twelve o'clock at night I found the prisoner in James-street, Oxford-street—I had received information of the robbery—I said, "Mr. Martin, where have you been to?"—he said, "I have been to the play"—I said, "Well, I want you"—he said, "What do you want me for?"—I said, "About the basket you carried for the lady"—he said, "I carried no basket"—I said, "You must go with me to the station, while I go and fetch the lady"—as we were going up Oxford-street, he put his hand into his pocket, and threw some silver into the road—two half-crowns were picked up by a young man—I told the prisoner I thought it looked Yery guilty of him—he said he did not throw it away.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not you receive directions from Miss Fincke to apprehend another party? A. No—she gave me a description of the boy, and I told her I thought I knew him—I did not apprehend a boy named M'Donald—I went in search of a boy of that name, but not till after I apprehended

the prisoner—I was told there were two more lurking about the square while the prisoner was in the house—I found M'Donald, but did not take him into custody—he satisfied me he was not the party that was seen in the square—he is a much taller and stouter boy than the prisoner, and not at all like him—I found him at his father's house, in James-street, about 300 yards from where the prisoner lives—I cannot say how much silver the prisoner threw away—only two half-crowns were picked up—he did not say I should not have his money—I did not know that he was going to throw any thing away.

COURT. Q. What parish is Lord Feversham's house in? A. Maryle-bone.




GUILTY
. * Aged 15.—


Transported for Ten Years.

