



1712. 




WILLIAM HARISS
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Jemima Jane Nicholls, on the 
25th of April, at 
Camberwell, and stealing therein 6 rings, value 15s.; 5 brooches, value 15s.; 3 seals, value 10s.; 1 pair of ear-rings, value 5s.; 2 pencil-value cases, value 12s.; 4 spoons, value 14s.; 1 knife, value 2s.; 1 eye-glass, 4s.; 1 neck chain, value 2s.; 1 pair of bracelets, value 3s.; 1 cross, value 1s.; 1 snap, value 2s.; 1 scent-bottle, value 1s.; 1 pair of studs, value 1s.; 1 necklace, value 1s.; 2 sovereigns, 1 shilling, 1 sixpence, 2 groats, and 1 silver coin, called a "threepence," the property of the said Jemima Jane Nicholls,


MR. LILLY
conducted the Prosecution






JEMIMA JANE NICHOLLS
. I live in Denmark-road, in the parish of Camberwell. On the 25th of April, between eleven and twelve o'clock at noon, I left my house with my son who lives with me—I left the front door double locked, and the gate, the parlour door, and the door at the end of the passage, locked, but the outer door, which goes into the garden, was open, and ajar—there is a garden and a field in the rear of the house, and a road that runs parallel with our road and the cross-road leading to it—I received information, and returned to my house about five o'clock, I found the gate still locked, the street-door on the single lock, the back-parlour door open, and also the door leading to the kitchen, which I had left locked—on going up stairs, I found the drawer of the looking-glass, which I had locked, forced open—a desk in the parlour was broken open, and the things scattered about—I missed some coins from the desk, and from the looking-glass drawer a pair of bracelets, six rings, four brooches, and other articles, the whole worth between 5l. and 6l.—I lost a table and tea-spoon.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Are you a widow? A. Yes, I rent the house—I am certain my son locked the door—I was standing at the gate at the time, and asked him particularly if he had double locked it—the gate is two or three yards from the door, but I stood at the door—I

saw him turn the handle of the lock—I should have known it was done if I had not inquired—I have not the least doubt of it.





GEORGE MERRINGTON
. I am a carpenter, and live in Denmark-street. The back of my house faces the front of the prosecutrix's—about noon, on the 25th of April, I saw the prisoner walking backwards and forwards some time before the prosecutrix's house—I saw him try the gate several times, and then he got over the gate, and opened the front door—I did not see any key, because he stood in front of the keyhole, but he appeared to be putting something to it—I did not see any thing in his hand—his hands were in front of him, as if he was opening it with a key—I saw him open the door—he then went in and shut it, I then went round to the front of the house—I found Goddard standing in the road—I told him to remain there while I went for a policeman—when I returned I found the prisoner in the hands of a policeman.

Cross-examined. Q. What was you doing at this time? A. Looking out of the window—I have been ill some time, and was not at work—my house is about 100 yards from the prosecutrix's—there is a meadow, and a garden between them—our garden is about 130 feet from the road—I could identify a person at that distance—I will not swear it is within a quarter of a mile—he was at the door about a minute.

MR. LILLY. Q. When you saw him in custody, were you certain he was the person you had seen in front of the house? A. Yes.





JOHN DONALD GODDARD
. I am a druggist, and live at No. 68, Hatton-garden. About half-past one o'clock, on the 25th of April, I was in Denmark-road, Camberwell, and was spoken to at the front of the prosecutrix's house—from what was said to me I went round to the back of the house, and went to the side of the house to get to the back, along a sort of passage—when I got to the back I saw the prisoner in the garden, and asked him if be belonged to the house—he said he did—I told him somebody was in front, and he had better go and answer the door—he went in, and I went to the front again, supposing from his appearance he belonged to the house—when I got in the front I saw the back of the prisoner, walking about 100 yards off in the high road—I suppose he had got over the gardens, but could not see—he could not have come up the passage—I ran after him, and on my beginning to run he looked round, and ran too—I overtook him with considerable difficulty—I ran some distance—I brought him back opposite the house, and held him till a policeman came—he was taken to the station—I am able to swear to him from what I saw of him.

Cross-examined. Q. I think you saw him come into the garden. A. Yes—he did not appear to have any thing about him—I was at the back of the garden, in a field, about as far from him as I am from you—I did not see him go into the house—I shouted out—he was walking along leisurely when I first saw him—I am certain of him by his general appearance—I recollect his features.





THOMAS MATTHEWS
. I am a policeman. On the 25th of April the prisoner was given into my custody by Goddard—I observed two silver spoons in his right-hand breeches pocket—I attempted to search him, and took them from his pocket, when he refused to be searched any further—I took him to the station—he was searched there, and I found on him two sovereigns, five brooches, one table-spoon, two tea-spoons, and one saltspoon, six gold rings, three seals, one pair of ear-rings, a gold and a silver pencil-case, a pearl-handled knife, two bracelets, an eye-glass, a cross, a

necklace, a scent-bottle, and other articles, with three picklock-keys—I did not try the keys to the door.

Cross-examined. Q. The spoons protruded from his pocket? A. Yes, I could see them.

MRS. NICHOLLS
re-examined. The articles produced are all mine. 



GUILTY. Aged 19.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutrix, on account of his youth.
—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Recorder.

