



1846. 




ANN SOMERFIELD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
29th of June, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 watch-key, value 6d.; and 14 sovereigns; the goods of 



John Westerland, from his person.






JOHN WESTERLAND
. I am a seaman, belonging to the Prince George, which came from Malta. On the 29th of June I met the prisoner in the street—I had been drinking a good deal, and was in liquor—I went home with her—I do not know the name of the street—we did not go to bed together—I went to bed with my clothes on—she was in the room with me—I had received 14 sovereigns from my captain—the sovereigns and a watch were in my pocket when I went to sleep—I awoke about four o'clock in the morning—the prisoner was not there then—my watch and all my money was gone.





ANN RONINSON
. I am an unfortunate woman. The prisoner lodged with me, about five weeks before this happened, on the same floor as me—she came to my house with the prosecutor, on the night in question, about three o'clock—he appeared very much in liquor—they went into the prisoner's room—he sat down in a chair, and she helped him into bed—he went to bed with his clothes on—I heard her go out about a quarter of an hour after—I went into the room about five o'clock, found she was gone, and the prosecutor said he had lost fourteen sovereigns, and his watch.





HENRY GRIMSHAW
. I drive a cab. On Monday morning, the 29th of June, about six o'clock, I was on the stand by the Bricklayers' Arms public house—the prisoner came up to me, and asked me what I would take her to Hampstead for—I said, 5s.—in going past the Elephant and Castle public-house,

she put her hand out of the window, and asked me to stop at a public-house, which I did—when I got down she said, "Fetch out half-a-pint of gin"—I said, "A quartern is quite sufficient"—I said, "Give me the money first?" she pulled a paper out of her bosom, and a watch—the paper contained, as near as I could see, ten sovereigns—she gave me a fourpenny piece, and I fetched out a quartern of gin—we went to Hampstead, she called at several public-houses on the road—we went to the Cock public-house at Hampstead, and to Jack Straw's-castle, across the heath, to Hendon—pulled up at the public-house there—the landlord would not serve her—she pulled out the money and watch there, just the same—I saw it several times—this is the watch—(looking at it.)





HANNAH FIELDER
. I keep the Red cross public-house, High-street, Borough. On the Monday I saw the prisoner come in a cab to my house with a cab-man, and another man—she did not call for any liquor—the cabman called for a quartern of gin—she wanted half-a-pint—it was not this cab-man, but another—she paid me 1s.—there was some discussion about money—she said she was not in want of money, and pulled a paper out of her bosom, with seven sovereigns in it, and the watch—this is the same watch, I am positive of it—besides the seven sovereigns, she had a handfull of silver—she paid the cab-man in silver—she told me she had fourteen sovereigns in the morning—she was throwing the money in the bar—I sent for a policeman, who took her into custody with the watch and money.





JOHN COOPER
 (police-constable M 106.) Mrs. Fielder sent for me to her house, and I took the prisoner into custody—the watch was given to me by Mrs. Fielder—seven sovereigns were found on her besides, and 1s. 10d. in other money—there was a man with her—at the station-house the inspector asked her whose watch it was—she turned to the man with her, and said it was her husband's—he made no reply—I asked how she got the money—she said she had robbed her brother at Wapping, at the Dundee Arms—I went there, and he knew nothing about her.





JOHN WESTERLAND

re-examined. This is my watch.

Prisoner. No, it is not his watch, it is my husband's; he left it behind the morning he went to sea. I met with this young man; he gave me half-a-crown; I took him home, he sat on a chair, and said he had no money; I helped him on the bed, and left him there; I went out, and on passing the White Swan public-house, I picked up the purse with ten sovereigns and 15s. in it.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Patteson.

