



209. 




THOMAS ARCHER
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Edward Gardener, about the hour of one in the night of the 
26th of Nov., at 
St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 coat, value 25s.; 1 pair of trowsers, 15s.; 1 waistcoat, 10s.; and 1 handkerchief, 4s.; the goods of 



William Garner: 26 yards of velvet, value 10l.; and 3 weaver's tools, called trevats, 7s. 6d.; the goods of 



Edward Garner; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM GARNER
. I am the son of Edward Garner, of No. 29, Harts-lane, Bethnal-green; he is a weaver, and I work for him. On the night of the 26th of Nov. I retired to rest about eleven o'clock—I left the wdrkshop all secure—there are five looms there; three of them had been at work during the day—about half-past five next morning I was awoke by the wind blowing in at the window, which was open—I got a light, and found the work

cut out of two of the looms—I also missed a suit of clothes, a pocket-handkerchief, and three trevats, which are tools we use in weaving—about thirteen yards of silk velvet was cut from each loom—I went to the station, and gave information—the window which was open looks into the back yard—there were footmarks in the yard—the work from one loom was cut by a person who understood the business, but the other was not—I know the prisoner by his living opposite—he is a weaver.





EDWARD GARNER
. I am a weaver, and live at No. 29, Hart's-lane; the last witness is my son. About half-past five o'clock on Thursday morning, the 27th of Nov., he called me up—I missed two pieces of black velvet, a waist-coat, handkerchief, and three trevats from the workshop—the prisoner was brought to my house that morning by Mr. Macklin, a neighbour—I said to him, "Tom, what did you do this for?"—he then said, "Here is 16s., they will take it away from me when I get to the station"—I live in the house—it is my dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green.





JOSEPH MACKLIN
. I am a weaver, and live at No. 28, Hart's-lane, next door to Mr. Garner; I know the prisoner; he is a weaver. On the night before the robbery, about a quarter to nine o'clock, he came to my house with another man—the other one asked me about some rolls which I had—the prisoner did not say anything in particular—when I heard of the robbery I went in search of the prisoner—I found him in a house in Vine-court, Spitalfields—I asked him whether he had been in Hart's-lane last night after he left our house—he said he had not—I asked who he had with him last night—he said, "No one; what is that to do with you?"—I said, "Was you at Mr. Garner's last night?"—he said, "No"—I said, "Were you in bed last night?"—he said, "I was"—I said, "You must come with me; I see you will not tell me anything"—directly I lifted up his cloth waistcoat I saw he had a waistcoat on under it which I had seen Garner wear—I took him to Mr. Garner's, and when we got there I said, "Let me see if you have got Garner's handkerchief in your hat"—I took off his hat, and the handkerchief was in it—Mr. Garner came in then—the waistcoat and handkerchief were given to the police at the station.





SAMUEL WILSON
. I live at No. 65, Wentworth-street, which is a lodging-house belonging to Mr. Sears. The prisoner came there on the evening of the 22nd of Nov.—he used to sleep there in a room at the top of the house—there were other beds in the room—he did not come home on Wednesday night, the 26th of Nov.—I saw him about half-past nine or ten o'clock on the Thursday—he went up stairs before he saw me, and came down again—I opened the door, and he said to me, "I see there has nobody been in my bed last night; I will pay for it; do not let it; and any night I stop away I will pay for it," and he paid me—my wife makes the beds, and on the Sunday following she told me something, and I found three brass trevats in the prisoner's bed, between the bed and sacking—I gave them to Smith, the policeman—I am quite sure nobody had slept there from the Wednesday until the Saturday.





WILLIAM MADIGAN
 (policeman.) On the 27th of Nov. the prisoner was given into my custody, with a silk handkerchief, and 16s. 2d., on a charge of robbing Mr. Garner's house—I found this waistcoat upon him at the station—the inspector asked how he came by it—(he cautioned him not to answer unless he liked)—he said he was in company with two men the night previous until twelve o'clock, playing at bagatelle—they asked him would he earn some money—he said, "Yes"—they promised him 10s., and all the odd articles, if he would watch while they committed the robbery, that he agreed

to it, and after the robbery was committed he got 10s., the waistcoat, a silk handkerchief, and three trevats from the parties—I found another handkerchief upon his person.





EDWARD GARNER

re-examined. I know these trevats to be mine—the handkerchief and waistcoat are my son's, and were in ray workshop that night.





WILLIAM DANIEL SMITH
 (policeman.) The trevats were given me by Wilson—I have produced them.

Prisoner's Defence. I did not break into the house; two men asked me, about twelve o'clock, whether I would earn a few shillings, and said if I went with them they would give me 10s. and a few odd things they got; I said, "Very well," and afterwards they gave me 10s., the waistcoat, and handkerchief.





ROBERT HENDERSON
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—convicted on Ms own confession, on the 25th of Nov., 1844, of larceny, and confined six months)—I was present at the trial—he is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Baron Alderson.

