



485. 




HENRY OXBURGH
 was indicted

 for that he, being in the dwelling-house of 



Elizabeth Ware, at the hour of two in the night, of the 
11th of Jan., at 
St. Botolph, Aldgate, did steal 230 cigars, value 2l. 16s.; 23 cheroots, 2s.; 1/2lb. weight of tobacco, 1s. 6d.; 1 towel, 6d.; and 1 pair of scales and box, 10s.; her property; and having so committed the said felony, afterwards burglariously did break out of the said dwelling-house; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH WARE
. I am a widow, and keep the Woolpack tavern, in the Minories. I know the prisoner—I saw him in my tap-room on Saturday night, the 10th of Jan., as late as a quarter to eleven o'clock—I did not retire to rest till one—I was the last up in the house—I went into the tap-room at a quarter to eleven o'clock to survey the room, and saw the prisoner sitting by the corner of the fire-place asleep—I just looked about and went out again—there were three or four more sitting round the fire-place—at a quarter past eleven I sent King, the pot-man, to see whether all the parties were out, and to lower the gas and quench the fire, which he did—I secured the front door before I went to bed—I locked and barred it, and put the key in a secret place under the counter, for my son when he gets up in the morning—I had a quantity of cigars in the bar—I was rung up about half-past six o'clock in the morning by the police—I went down—I found the chain of the front door was unloosed, and the lock taken off and laid on the table, and the bar pushed on one side—the door was open, and a policeman standing at it—I found the front of the bar in great confusion, with papers, cigars, screws of tobacco, some biscuit, and orange-peel strewed about—a decanter of port wine had been drunk, and some shrub drawn from a cask—all the cigars that had been in the bar were gone, between 2lbs. and 3lbs.—I missed some biscuit and loaf-sugar, about half a pound weight of tobacco in screws, and a pair of sovereign scales—I observed hand marks of soot all round the counter—the cupboard and all the boxes that were taken out were covered with soot, even the papers and receipts in the drawer—these marks came from the tap-room fire-place, which was covered with soot, and just at the door he had shaken off a great quantity of soot from his clothes on to the floor—there were also marks of soot all over the outer door—all the tills had been opened, but I had taken my money up with me—there were sooty finger marks in every till.





JAMES KING
. I was pot-man to Mrs. Ware. On the 10th of Jan. last I saw the prisoner in the tap-room—he was not there when I lowered the gas and put out the fire—he was there at a quarter after eleven o'clock—I went out a little before that time to shut up the shutters—I then left the prisoner by the fire-side—I was out about five minutes—on going in again I did not find the prisoner there—I then put out the fire and lowered the gas—I saw the state of the premises next morning—the bar was all covered with soot, and the side of the tap-room door.


COURT. Q. Could anybody have got up the chimney before the fire was put out without being burnt? A. No, I should not think they could—I put out the fire after I put up the shutters.





JOHN PECK
 (police-constable H 87.) On Sunday morning, the 11th of January, about half-past two o'clock, I was on duty in Shorter-street, Wellclose-square, which is about eight minutes' walk from the Woolpack, and saw the prisoner with a bundle—he looked very black, as though he was covered with soot—I asked what he had got—he made no reply—he walked sharply—I told him to stop, and he instantly ran off and dropped the bundle—I sprang my rattle, and saw him stopped by Hanley—I gave instructions to Normoyle, who came up at the time, and I saw him pick up the bundle—I picked up one bundle of cigars myself—I produce the bundle and its contents—I searched him at the station, and found on him twenty-eight screws of tobacco, some pieces of biscuit, and some loaf sugar—I asked the prisoner where he got them—he said he had bought them of a lad, but he could not say whom, or where he lived—he afterwards said they were given to him—he could not give any very satisfactory account of where he got them—I afterwards examined the prosecutrix's premises, and found the marks of soot, as has been described, from the tap-room chimney to the bar, and the drawers were also covered with soot—I did not go there tilt about half-past two in the afternoon.





WILLIAM NORMOYLR
 (police-constable H 133.) I was on duty near Wellclose-square on Sunday morning, the 11th of Jan., about half-past two o'clock, and heard a rattle spring—I went in the direction, and saw the prisoner taken into custody by Hanley, and Peck in pursuit of him—I went in the direction in which he had run, and found this towel with a quantity of cigars tied up, and a quantity of cigars thrown on the pavement—I afterwards saw Peck find this scale-box near the same spot.





WILLIAM HANLEY
 (police-constable H 85.) I was on duty in the neighbourhood on Sunday morning, the 11th of Jan.—I heard a rattle spring—I went in the direction from which it sounded, and saw the prisoner—he ran against me, and Peck cried out, "Catch him"—I caught him—I then went round where he had ran, and found the property—he said he had bought them.





JOHM PECK

re-examined. The prosecutrix's house it in the parish of St. Botolph, Aldgate—there are two parishes of St. Botolph I believe, St. Botolph's, Aldgate, and St. Botolph's without Aldgate—I was told the prosecutrix's house is within the City.





JOHN WARI
. I am the prosecutrix's son, and live at the house—I believe it is in the parish of St. Botolph's within.

MRS. WARE
re-examined. I can speak positively to all the articles—these sovereign scales are mine—I know the box by this piece of old silk in it, which is torn—there were two weights in it, but one is lost—I have no mark on these bundles of cigars, but they are of the same quality as mine—I had packed them in the box—I have had them better than twelve months—I know the screws of tobacco—they are made up by a person in the neighbourhood—this towel is one of my bar cloths—I had but two—it is my own hemming.

Prisoner's Defence. I bought these cigars for my own consumption, as I was about to sail on the Monday or Tuesday; I had been discharged from my ship on the Thursday before; I bought them from a person by Aldgate church about half-past two o'clock; I left the Woolpack about a quarter to eleven, and the mistress was in the bar at the time.





THOMAS BENJAMIN WALKER
. I am an inspector of Thames police.

I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read Convicted 7th July, 1845, of larceny, as servant, and confined two months)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY

of larceny and the previous conviction. Aged 19.




Transported for Seven Years.

