





964. 




ELIZABETH NICHOLSON
,




JANE BURT, alias Smith
, and 




ELIZA RUSSELL, alias
 Saunders

, was indicted for

uttering a counterfeit half-crown; they having been before convicted of uttering counterfeit coin.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
ESPINASSE
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant-solicitor of the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Elizabeth Nicholson at this court in Jan., 1844, which I examined with the original—it is correct—( read.)






JOSEPH SEAMONS
 (policeman.) I know the prisoner Nicholson, and was present here in 1844, when she pleaded guilty to uttering counterfeit coin.

MR. POWELL. I also produce an examined copy of the record of the conviction of Jane Burt, at this Court, in Feb., 1842—it is correct—(read.)





JAMES CUDDY
 (policeman.) I know the prisoner Burt—I was present when she was convicted of uttering counterfeit coin here, in 1842—I am sure she is the woman.

MR. POWELL. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Elizabeth Russell, at this Court, in Nov., 1845—I have examined it with the original—it is correct—(read.)





JAKES STRATFORD
 (policeman.) I know Russell, and was present when she was convicted—I am quite sure she is the person.





MARTHA PAINE
. My mother is a stationer, and lives in Bermondsey New-road—on the 6th of March, about one in the day, the prisoner Burt, I believe, came into the shop for a sheet of writing-paper, which came to 1d.—I served her—she paid me a shilling—I gave her change, and put the shilling into my till, where I had one shilling and two sixpences—I put it in front, apart from them, as they were at the further end—she left, and West, the constable, immediately came in—I then looked at the till, and found the shilling she gave me was counterfeit—I am certain it was the one she gave me—I had served nobody else—I gave it to the officer—the sheet of paper she bought of me was shown to roe afterwards by West.

Burt. Q. Do you swear positively to me? A. I say to the best of my belief.





MARY GAY
. I am the wife of Robert Gay, stay-maker, Bermondsey—on the 6th of March the prisoner Nicholson came for a stay-busk, which came to 1d.—she gave me a shilling—I gave her change, and put the shilling in the front corner of the till, it was not mixed with any other money—Whitlam, the officer, came in directly she left, and I gave him the same shilling—I had not left the till at the time he came in.

Nicholson. Q. Did you not draw some money from the back of the till, saying you thought you had a 4d. piece? A. I do not know whether I said anything of a 4d. piece—I drew the money a little from the back, and finding I had no small silver, I gave her change from my pocket—I did not mix the shilling she gave me with any other—I had four shillings and half-a-crown in the till—I had no occasion to look at this shilling more than any other.

MR. BODKIN. Q. You drew the silver in the till rather forward, to look for something? A. Yes—I placed her shilling separate from the rest, as the other money had been taken the day before—when the officer came, I found the shilling in the place I had put it, quite apart from the rest.





JANE WEBSTER
. I am bar-maid at the Mitre, Peptford-bridge—on the 6th of March the three prisoners came there twenty minutes after four in the after noon—Burt called for some rum, and gave me a shilling—she said she had some pence in her pocket, she felt and finding she had not, she said, "I must change a shilling," which she gave me—I gave her change, 6d. and 1d.—I put the shilling in the till—I am quite sure there was no other shilling there—I gave the shilling to Whitlam about two minutes after.

Burt. Q. Did not you put the shilling in the till, and take it out when I said I had coppers? A. No—I had five sixpences in the till, but no shillings—I did not take the shilling off the counter the first time—they all three partook of the rum.





MARY CODLDERY
. My husband keeps the Prince of Wales public-house, at Deptford—on the 6th of March, between five and six in the evening, the three prisoners came there—Nicholson called for a pint of ale, which came to 2d., and gave me a shilling—I gave her 6d. and 4d. change—I put the shilling

into the till—I noticed that it had a King's head on it—I am certain of that—they went away—an officer came in directly after, and gave me information—I looked in the till, and found a bad shilling at the corner in front, exactly where I dropped the shilling she gave me—I had not dropped it through a crack—I had not gone to the till after putting it in—there were three other shillings in the till, at the back—I did not notice whether they had a King's or Queen's head—I am sure the shilling produced is the one I took from her—I saw this mark put on it directly after I took it from the till, and it was in exactly the same spot as I put it.

Russell. Q. Did not you take a shilling from a man at the left of the bar-engine? A. I took a shilling from a man—I cannot recollect which I put into the till first—I knew him to be an honest labouring man, and it was Victoria shilling I took from him.





JANE SOPHIA GAIN
. My sister keeps a child-bed linen-warehouse, at New-cross, Deptford—on the 6th of March, a little after five o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner Nicholson came to look at some caps, and then asked for and bought two yards of mourning blonde, which came to twopence—she gave me a half-crown—I examined it and thought it bad—while I was looking at it West came in, and I gave it to him, after marking it—she was given into custody—this is the shilling.





THOMAS WEST
 (policeman.) On the 6th of March I was on duty in private clothes, in Bermondsey New-road—I saw the three prisoners in company at one o'clock, and suspecting them I watched and saw them go towards Miss Paine's—I saw Nicholson leave the others, pass on a few paces, and go into Miss Paine's shop—the other two passed the door while she was in the shop—when she came out, they turned back and met her, but passed on without taking notice of her—she proceeded on, they followed and joined her—I went into Miss Paine's shop, and received a shilling, which I produce—I still watched the prisoners, and saw them go to Mrs. Gay's—I saw Nicholson go in, and come out—the others passed on—she came ont with a busk in her hand—she passed the other two—they joined her at some distance from the shop—I followed them to Rotherhithe and Deptford, and saw them arrive at Gain's—Nicholson left the others, and went into Gain's shop—the other two went to the window, and looked in while she was inside—I crossed the road to the window, and saw Nicholson put down a half-crown—I then went into the shop, received it from Miss Gain, and took Nicholson into custody—as we went to the station she was very violent, she bit my fingers, threw herself down, and resisted being taken—I succeeded in getting her there—she said, "You have had a good run, but have not got us to rights"—the other prisoners were in custody at that time.

Nicholson. Q. You left me in the shop, how long was it before you returned? A. I left you a few minutes in charge of a publican—the half-crown was never out of my possession.

Russell. Q. The money was all put into one piece of paper, and shown about at the station? A. It was not, it was all marked in the presence of the prisoners before I took it away.





JOHN CARPENTER
 (policeman.) On the 6th of March, about four o'clock, I saw the prisoners in Broadway Deptford—I saw them go towards Mr. Lyon's shop, and saw Smith give something to Russell—I lost sight of them half a minute—in consequence of information, I watched and saw them at the gateway of the Castle, and afterwards go into the Prince of Wales, and come out—I then went in, and received a counterfeit shilling from Mrs. Couldery—I followed, and saw Nicholson go into Gain's—about fifty yards before they got there, they were all standing in company, and then passed on—Nicholson went into the shop, the other two went to the window and looked in—they

afterwards crossed to the opposite side—I afterwards took Russell—she was very violent, and bit me, tore my coat, and almost tore me limb from joint, and tore her own bonnet and shawl, and said, "You b—, I will give it you"—I found in her hand a sheet of writing-paper—I looked into Mrs. Couldery's till and found three shillings, all of the Victoria coin.





MARTHA PAINE

re-examined. I know this to be the sheet of paper I sold her, by the paper which is wrapped round it.





JOHN WHITLAM
 (policeman.) I was on duty with West, and saw Nicholson go into Mrs. Gay's—the others were a few yards off—they all passed the shop—after she came out I went in and received a shilling from Mrs. Gay—I produce another shilling received at the Mitre, from Webster—I took Burt—Russell was with her—they all resisted.

Burt. Q. Did not you have seven pieces of money in one piece of paper? A. No, I only had the two shillings I have produced—all the money was in separate papers, marked and kept separate.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of counterfeit coin to the Mints—this half-crown is counterfeit—the four shillings are also counterfeit, and to the best of my belief are cast in the same mould, they correspond in every respect.

Nicholson's Defence. It is very strange all the witnesses should have the money separate from other money; when talking together at the office the officer said swear to the women, and the Magistrate told him to withdraw.

Russell's Defence. I bought a sheet of paper, which the witness swears to, to write to my mother, to tell her I was out of trouble, at a chandler's shop; I met these two women accidentally; Nicholson asked me to have something to drink; I went in; she was talking to me about my husband, who I am separated from; I do not remember missing Nicholson from our company, but she might go away without my knowing it; I never went to the witness's shop for the paper.

NICHOLSON—


GUILTY
. Aged. 33.

BURT—


GUILTY
. Aged 25 




Transported for Ten Years.


RUSSELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 28,
(The prisoners have all been convicted besides at the time charged in the indictment.)
