



1358. 




MARK JEFFERY



, feloniously wouading 



Joseph Robert Allen on the head, with intent to do him grievous bodily harm.—2d COUNT, with intent to maim and disable him.


MESSRS. BODKIN AND CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.
JOSEPH ROBERT ALLEN. I am chief warden of the Warrior convict hulk at Woolwich. In May last I was second mate—the prisoner was a convict on board, and had been so from 2d of Jan., under sentence for fifteen years—the convicts are sent from the hulk to work in the Dockyard in gangs—on 15th May the prisoner was sent ashore with others to work in a gang—at twelve o'clock he returned to dinner—after dinner he was ordered back with his gang—he attempted to go into another gang, as he expected they would get a small portion of beer—I requested him to fall back into his own gang, that he had been with in the morning, and he was marched off with them—about an hour after he was brought back to the hulk in custody of a sentinel for refusing to work in the yard—Mr. Masterman, the overseer of the hulk, was sent for—the prisoner stated to him that he had not sufficient food to enable him to perform his work—the overseer told him that he had the quantity allowed by Government, which was considered sufficient—he was then ordered to return to his work, but refused to go—the overseer ordered that if he did not return to his work he was to be locked up—I was standing about four yards from him—I turned from the prisoner to look over the gangway, when I received a tremendous blow on the back of the head—I did not see him strike it—it completely stunned me for a minute or two—as soon as I was sufficiently recovered, on looking round, I saw the prisoner aiming a blow with this weapon (a round piece of wood) at the overseer's head—my own

head was bleeding—I saved myself from falling by resting my hand on the gangway—we had no such weapon as this on board—it is a trenail, and is used in the Dockyard; it is very heavy wood—I was taken to Mr. Dabbs, the surgeon, kept my bed for two days, and was confined to my lodging for a fortnight Prisoner. You did not save yourself from falling, you went straight away into Mr. Masterman's room; there was no blood spilt on the quarter-deck, Witness. I saved myself from falling as I have described—I did not see anything in the prisoner's hand before I saw him striking at the overseer.





HENRY THOMAS MASTERMAN
. I am overseer of the Warrior hulk. The prisoner was under my care and superintendence—he has frequently complained of the insufficiency of food—he had the full allowance, equal to his fellow-prisoners—he appeared to me to be in health and strong, but always discontented—on the day in question I was called to the quarter-deck and found him in custody of the sentry—after some inquiry I desired that if he did not go to his work he should be locked up—as soon as I said that he drew from under his jacket or clothes this trenail, and struck Mr. Allen with it at the side of the head, and inflicted a severe scalp-wound—Allen was standing at the side of him—the wound bled—he staggered and saved himself against the bulk-head—the prisoner next aimed a blow at my head with the same weapon, but I warded it off with my left arm, upon which I received a very severe blow which disabled roe nearly a week—the prisoner said nothing it the time, but just afterwards he said, "I will clear the kitchen for you"—he still had the trenail in his hand—Allen then ordered the sentinel to charge him with his bayonet, which he did, and he was disarmed—he afterwards said, "I hope I have killed Mr. Allen; that is the way I should like to serve four or five others"—I then had him cross-ironed and locked up—these trenails are to be found in many parts of the Dockyard—the prisoner would have an opportunity in his work of getting one of them.

Prisoner. I did not say I would serve four or five others in the same way, I said it served him right, what I had done for him.





GEORGE KEMP
. I am a private in the marines. On 15th May I was sentry in the Dockyard at Woolwich—the prisoner was given into my custody for refusing to work—I took him on board the hulk—he did not pick up anything in the Dockyard in my sight—I did not see him strike Mr. Allen—I saw him strike at Mr. Masterman, who warded off the blow with his left arm—I was ordered to charge him with my bayonet, which I did, and he gave me the weapon—afterwards, as he came up from below, he said if the sentry had not been there he would have cleared something, but I forget now what the expression was.





GEORGE HENRY DABBS
. I am surgeon to the Warrior hulk. I saw Allen about three o'clock in the afternoon in question on board the hospital ship Unity—I found a wound of about an inch and a half long on the left side of the occipital bone; it was an incised wound surrounded by very considerable bruises—it might have been inflicted with an instrument like this—I think it must have struck with the edge, the scalp was divided—I continued to attend him till 4th June, when he returned to duty—it is no part of my duty to see to the diet of the convicts, but in the morning before they go to labour it is my duty to examine the complaining sick—those who are unfit for labour remain on board, and those who are sick go to the hospital—I had examined the prisoner on that day; he was quite fit for duty—he complained of debility—I asked him if he had any disease—he said he had not, but he was weak and unfit for labour—I looked at his arms and found him muscular and robust, and his manner displayed considerable energy—I thought him in all respects

fit for labour—I have nothing to do with their ordinary diet, but when they are sick I have the sole control over them.

Prisoner. He said 1 was able to work, and ordered me to stop in and get weighed; I did so, and I had lost four pounds in a fortnight, and three pounds before that, besides a stone and a half in Millbank; I did not get sufficient food to support my human nature; he is no more fit to be a doctor than I am to be a King; I have a bad leg now, and he did nothing to it; it got worse and worse. Witness. He complained of a bad leg when he was in the cell after this occurrence—he might have complained before, but if he did there was not sufficient reason for him to stop in—we are pestered every day with a number of persons who complain in order to avoid labour, and we are obliged to draw a line—the men are, generally speaking, exceedingly robust and muscular, and able to work—if I had found any reason to suspect that the diet was insufficient, it would have become part of my duty to make that representtion, but there was no reason for interference.
(The prisoner in a long defence stated that his diet had been bad and insufficient for a long time past, and that all his complaints on the subject were disregarded; that on the morning in question he was removed from one gang to another in order to prevent his getting a little beer, and being very vexed, he secreted the piece of wood, being determined he would not be punished for nothing, and on getting on board he struck the witnesses as had been stated.)




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Life.


Before Mr. Common Serjeant.

