




1557. 




WILLIAM WATSON
 and 




GEORGE' WILLIAM CEMBLR
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
31st of May, 1 watch, value 1l. 18s.; 1 key, value 1d.; 1 stand, value 2s. 6d.; the goods of 



Samuel Stanisland; to which


WATSON pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—



Confined One Year.

MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






WALTER TYLER
. I am fourteen years old, and am in the employ of Mr. White, a newsvender, in Devereaux-court, Temple. About a quarter to eight o'clock on the morning of the 31st of May, I was in Bouverie I street, and saw the prisoners in company—I saw Watson walk into No. 4—Cemble waited outside—an old lady answered Watson, and he said, "Thank you"—the prisoners then walked four or five doors lower down—they went to No. 9—Cemble went to No. 9 1/2, and waited on the steps of the door—Watson went in—he came out in about two minutes, and spoke to Cemble, and then went in again, when he came out the second time with something under his coat—he spoke to Cemble again, and ran up the street—Cemble came to me and asked me which was die way to the Tem-ple—It hen went to a policeman, and went with him after Watson—he was stopped in Johnson's-court, and this time-piece found on him—while he was being taken, I saw Cemble in Fleet-street—I pointed him out to the policeman—I went to the station in ten minutes—I saw Cemble there on the Wednesday after—he is the same person who was with Watson, and talking to him.





HENRY MORRIS
 (City police constable, No. 323.) I took Watson, and found this time-piece under his coat—I asked where he got it—he said, "Down here"—when I came out of the court, Tyler said, "There goes the other," and he showed me a person—I did not see his face, but he had the same appearance and dress on as Cemble had when he was taken—I found a latch-key on Watson.





MARY ROBERT
. I am servant to Mr. Stanisland, in Bouverie-street—I

was at the dining-room window, and saw the two prisoners two or three doors off—I saw Watson come into our house once, and I saw him come out with something under his coat—he spoke to Cemble at the next door—I am sure he is the person.





HENRY GARDNER
 (City police-constable, No. 327.) In consequence of directions, I looked after Cemble—I found him on Clerkenwell-green, it half-past twelve o'clock, on Wednesday—I said I wanted him for a robbery—he said, "For what?"—I said, "In the neighbourhood of Fleet-street"—he said, "I know nothing about it"—I found on him a letter directed to him from his brother in the Compter, which he tore up, also three latch-keys, a comb, and eleven duplicates.





SAMUEL STANISLAND
. This time-piece is mine.

Witnesses for the Defence.

——. I am the prisoner Cemble's sister. I am married—I know he slept at my place on the Sunday night—he got up on Monday morning, the 31st of May, at six o'clock, went into the yard, and cleaned our shoes—my husband went out with him about nine or ten o'clock, and came home about eleven—he did not go out before breakfast.

CEMBLE—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
