





1172. 




GEORGE CRANFIELD
, and 




ROBERT DARE
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
8th of March, 1 truck, value 25s., the goods of 



Thomas Butler; and 





SAMUEL JONES



, for feloniously receiving 2 wheels, value 8s., part of the said truck, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






THOMAS BUTLER
. I am a green-grocer, and live at Knightsbridge. I had a truck, which I saw safe on the 8th of March, at five o'clock in the evening—I missed it about half-past six—I know Cranfield and Dare—they were at my house that night at five o'clock the first time, and the second time about half-past—they came for two separate halfpenny-worths of apples—on Friday, the 10th, I went to Smithfield to look for my truck, but did not see it—I went again on the 17th, and then saw the wheels—I knew them, and am able to swear they belonged to my truck—the prisoner Jones had them—I looked at them several minutes—a person sitting by the side of him said, "Do you want to buy a pair of wheels?"—I made no answer—he called to Jones to look out—Jones asked me if I wanted to buy a pair of wheels—I said I did want a pair, but they were too heavy for me—I asked the price—he said 8s.—I walked away—he hallooed after me, and asked what I would give for them; he could afford to take less—I got a policeman, who came up to Jones, and asked how he came by the wheels, and where the owner of them was—he said he was there a few minutes before—we took him to the station, and went to look for the man who he said he had to take the money to after he sold the wheels—we could not find him.

Cross-examined by
MR. WYLDE. Q. What are you? A. I have taken to a milk-shop now—I used to go out with fruit and garden-stuff—I live

between two roads, in a very public place—I know Cranfield and Dare by sight, by coming now and then to my place to buy apples—I saw no one there but them that afternoon—my wife sells when I am out—I saw the wheels were mine directly I took them in my hand, but I was considering how to proceed to get a constable—I have had the wheels in my hand many times, and I cut a piece out myself for a linchpin to go in.





JANE CARRINGTON
. I live in Orchard-street, Westminster, I know Cranfield and Dare. On the 10th of March they came to my house with some wood, and wanted to sell it—they left it till my mother came home-they came again in the evening, and my mother bought it of them—this is the wood—Dare sold it—Cranfield was with him.





ELIZABETH CARRINGTON
. I am the wife of Robert Carrington. On the morning of the 10th of March Cranfield and Dare came and asked me to lend them something to break up an old truck they had had given to them—I said I had nothing—they asked me if I would buy it when they had broken it up—I said I could not tell till I saw it—I sell soup, and burn a great deal of wood—I bought the wood in the evening for 3d.—I understood they were out of work, and bought it out of charity—they had come to my place two or three times, and said they were out of work—I never bought anything of them before.





GEORGE RUSSELL
. I was in Smithfield on Friday afternoon, and met the prisoners—from information, I went to that part of the market where donkeys are generally sold, and saw a pair of wheels lying there, and Jones standing by them—I asked whose wheels they were—nobody would give an answer—I said, "If I don't find an owner, I shall take them to the station, and to the Green-yard"—Jones said, "Why, they were left in my care"—I said, "Who by?"—he said, "By a man"—I said, "Where is he?"—he said, "I don't know"—I said, "If you had sold them, where should you have found him?"—he said, "Over at that public-house," pointing to it—I said, "Well, you take one wheel, and I will take the other, and we will find the man"—we went into the public-house—he said the party was not there—as we came out, he turned to a party in the bar, and said, "It is all up"—there was a public-house next door—I said, "Perhaps you have made a mistake in the house; perhaps they are here"—we went in, but he could not point anybody out.





HENRY MOUNT
. I am a policeman. I apprehended Cranfield and Dare.





THOMAS BUTLER

re-examined. I have examined the wood carefully, and swear to it positively as part of my truck—when I first bought the truck I had some weak springs on it, and had a new leaf put into each spring—I have examined the wheels, and have no doubt they are mine—here is where I have cut it away with my knife.

Cranfield. I was at his house almost every night; he told me he had lost his barrow, and said, "If you can steal me another barrow, I will paint it up so that nobody shall know it." Witness. I did not say so—this is the first I have heard of it—I did not lose a wheelbarrow.

Cranfield. He gets his living by buying stolen property. Witness. I buy my fruit in Covent Garden-market; I do not know that it is stolen.

Jones's Defence. I was in Smithfield on Friday, and met a man with a pony and cart; I asked him if he wanted the cart minded; he said "No, not just yet;" I followed him; he stopped opposite a public-house, got out, and told me to go in, which I did; he afterwards sold the pony and cart, and gave me 2d.; he then took the wheels out of the cart into the donkey-market; the other man, who asked the price of the wheels at first, was with that man, he told that man to look after them, and told me if anybody came

up, to ask 8s. for them; and if they offered anything less, to come over to the public-house and tell him; I had not minded them five mimtet before a man came up and asked the price of them; the prosecutor said before the Magistrate he could not swear the wheels were his, but he thought so; he asked my mother to compromise, and said if she would give him 10s. he would not wish to hurt any of us; she came and asked me if she should pay it; I said no, I was innocent; I did not say it was all up at the public-house.





THOMAS BUTLER

re-examined. I never saw his mother, and do not know that he has one.

CRANFIELD*,—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

DARE*,—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.






Confined Three Months.


JONES**,—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

