





756. 



JEREMIAH MURPHY,


 JOHN WESTON
, and 



ALFRED SELLISS
, were indicted for

feloniously assaulting 



William Jones on the 
20th of Feb., at 
Whitechapel, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 pocket, value 6d.; 2 sovereigns, 10 shillings, 14 sixpences, 3 pence, and 2 farthings, his goods and monies; and beating, striking, and using other personal violence towards him.






WILLIAM JONES
. I live at No. 16, Daggett's-court, Eldon-street, Finsbury. I have seen Selliss before at a public-house—I met him on Friday morning, the 20th of Feb. between twelve and one o'clock—he said, "Will you stand a pint of beer?"—I said I would, but it was after twelve o'clock, and all the houses were shut up—he said he would find a house if I would pay for a pint of beer—I said of course I would—he went to a house on the left-hand side of Bishopsgate-street—I then had two sovereigns, eighteen shillings, and some coppers in my pocket—I paid for two pints of beer there—Weston was there, and Selliss seemed to know him—as soon as we came out Selliss said to me, "Where are you going?"—I said, "To a coffee-shop"—he said, "Come with me"—we went to Whitechapel—he said, "Here is a house open, we can have a pint of beer here"—I paid for a pint there—Weston and Selliss followed me out—I went to the cab-stand in the middle of the street for a necessary purpose—I was there knocked down, and immediately there were three or four persons upon the top of me, and I felt them ripping my coat—I heard my coat ripping—I saw no chance, and cried, "Murder! murder! police!"—as soon as I cried "Murder!" Weston cut right away from me across the street, and stood against the wall, as if he had not a hand in it—I saw him run across the street, and he was one who had been holding me down—I am positive of that—he was the only one I recognised—the policeman came up—I told him what had happened—I went right straight to Weston—I said, "Here is one of them," and gave him in charge—I did not see Murphy after I was in the house, nor Selliss—he came out of the house after me.

Weston. I went into a public-house, and met with Selliss and the prosecutor; we went to another public-house, and had some more beer and gin; then we went to Whitechapel and had two pints of beer there; he came out with two females, and when I came out I found he was knocked down; I pulled a young woman off him; he hallooed, "Murder!" and I took her off. Witness. No, he did not—my money was all gone, and my pocket, and the back of my coat with it—the money was in my coat-pocket.





DANIEL FOLEY
. I live in Gun-square, Houndsditch. I was in Whitechapel, and heard a cry of "Murder!"—I saw the prosecutor knocked down by Murphy—I am positive of that—when he was down I saw him put his knee

upon his breast—he muffled him about, and he took from his person some black or dark thing, like a pocket—he got up and ran up a little avenue—I followed him, and opposite Whitechapel church he turned back—I said, "You ought to be ashamed of yourself, knocking that man down, and doing what you have done"—he said, "It was not me"—I never lost sight of him—he said he would go home—he ran across Whitechapel—I followed him and cried, "Stop thief!"—the policeman Kelly came up—Murphy ran up a little avenue, and we lost sight of him—there was a turning in the avenue—I am positive he was the man.

Murphy. Q. You say you saw me knock him down, could not that man hare held me by the collar? A. I could not tell that—his back was turned when you struck him, and there were three or four people and a woman—I was nearer to you than I am now—I did not collar you—I did not like to interfere, where there were three or four able strong men—you ran up a little avenue between Whitechapel church and where the butchers have their shops—a female came up—you had no opportunity of giving anything to her, because I followed you close up—you ran across Whitechapel-road, and up a passage—I did not see you afterwards till you were in custody—I gave information of the very dress you wore that night, which was a fustian jacket and corduroy or fustian trowsers.

COURT. Q. Did you see his face? A. I saw his face, but could not swear whether he was pock-marked—I swear by his person, and his dress, and his face as well—I saw his face to enable me to swear to him—I saw him next day, and I knew he was the man—I swear he is the man that knocked the prosecutor down—I have no doubt of it.





WILLIAM BROWN
 (police-constable H 145.) I heard a cry of, "Murder!" about four o'clock—I went up and saw Weston—I asked him if he had heard a cry of "Murder!"—he said, "Yes," pointing to the prosecutor, who was sending about two yards from him—I asked the prosecutor if he had been robbed—he said, "Yes."





THOMAS KELLY
 (police-constable H 119.) I took Murphy—I told him what for—he said he was not there at all—I told him it was useless to say so, as he was seen—he then said he came out with the prosecutor, and was with him—I had chased the man on the morning of the robbery, and to the best of my belief he is the man I chased—he was dressed as Murphy usually dressed.

Murphy. Q. You have known me four or five years, can you say anything against my character, barring twice for a row? A. Yes, you are always with thieves—I never said I would transport you if it lay in my power.

Murphy's Defence. I was in the Horse and Leaping-Bar, on Friday morning, the 20th; the man said, "Will you mind my door?" I said, "I shall go home in a few minutes;" I was going home; Selliss and Weston came in; then the prosecutor; the prosecutor paid for two pints of beer, and then for bread and cheese, and beer for two prostitutes, and he left these men; he then came out; Selliss was the next that followed him, and Weston stopped to the last; I came out, and walked over to No. 9, Flower and Dean-street, where the officer took me.

Weston's Defence. It is only three, weeks since I came from Newbury; I was coming home, and I saw this man down, and a woman on him; I Pulled her off; I called, "Police!" and then he called, "Police!" and said I was one of them.

JURY
to
WILLIAM JONES. Q. Where is your coat? A. Here it is—the breast pocket outside is torn off—I saw Weston run away—I was struck on the back of the neck, and three or four were on me; and he was the first that

ran away—I saw him distinctly—he ran, and stood with his face against the wall—I was on my back, just looking sideways—I am positive it was him—there was a female there—who it was I cannot say—she was not pulled from the top of me.

MURPHY†—


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


WESTON—


GUILTY
.—



Confined One Year.


SELLIS—


NOT GUILTY
.
