



2268. 




CHARLES DOUGLASS
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 breast-pin, value 10s.; 2 brooches, 2d.; I sovereign; and 1 half-sovereign; the property of 



Joseph Brown; having been before convicted of felony.






JOSEPH BROWN.
 I am pot-boy at the Prince's Head public-house, a Richmond. I had a sovereign, a half-sovereign, and a gold pin, on the 20th of Aug.—on Saturday night, at six o'clock, the window of my room was safe, and everything all close—on Sunday, between twelve and one o'clock, I went to get my clean things in my room up stairs, and saw the window was open, and one pane of glass was broken—I went into the room, and found my box was broken open—I looked into it, and found a sovereign and a half had been taken out, and a gold pin and two brooches—when I had done my business I went to look for a policeman, and told him what I had lost—I told him had suspicion of the prisoner—when I came back the prisoner was in the taproom—the officer questioned him where he was the night before—he said he was at the Waterman's Arms till a quarter to eleven o'clock, and then he went to the Queen's Head, and was there from a quarter to eleven till a quarter is twelve on Saturday night, and while he was there he saw the pin offered for sale.

Prisoner. Q. Did you say you saw me there? A. No, I went to inquire, and they said you were not there.





HENRY MAGNUS.
 I keep a clothes-shop at Richmond. On Sunday morning, the 22nd of Aug., about twelve o'clock, the prisoner came to me to buy a coat—I sold him one for 5s.





GEORGE GOODWIN.
 I keep a beer-shop. The prisoner was there on this Saturday night from seven o'clock till a quarter before ten—he asked me for credit for a pint of beer, and told me he had no money—he came the next morning and had some tea and bread and butter, which came to 6d.—he went

out again, and came to dinner—he had as much as came to 9d.—he paid me about half-a-crown in all—it was between one and two o'clock.

Prisoner. My dinner came to 7d.; I had no beer. Witness. You had a pint of beer, which made it 9d.





STEPHEM HAYNES.
 I keep a public-house. The prisoner was not at my house from eleven to twelve o'clock on that Saturday night, to my knowledge.

Prisoner. I came into your tap-room at ten minutes before eleven o'clock, and staid till half-past eleven.





PHILIP PAGE.
 I saw the prisoner in front of the Prince's Head at ten minutes before eleven o'clock on that Saturday night.





WILLIAM SELBY EDMID
 (policeman V 32.) I went to the Prince's Head on the Sunday, and examined the premises—the prisoner came in while I was there—I asked him where he was the night before—he said he was at the Waterman's Arms till a quarter before eleven o'clock, and then he went to the Queen's Head, and stopped till a quarter to twelve—I asked if he had seen anybody that afternoon offering jewellery for sale—he said, "No"—he then said he had heard of it, while he was at the Queen's Head, that two persons came in and pulled something out of their pockets, and said they should be able to get something for it—he described it as a shirt-pin—he said, after he was at the Queen's Head he went home, and slept in his father's cellar—I searched there, and found this iron tool, which exactly corresponds with the marks on the window—here is the window-frame(produced)—this tool exactly fits the marks on it—I believe this tool opened the window.

Prisoner. He picked up this tool out of a dozen more; it is what we use for fixing timbers on the saw-pit. Witness. There was not another like it—this was lying on the top of a tub in the cellar—the others were all pointed, this is not.





JOSEPH BROWN

re-examined. Q. How far is the Queen's Head from you? A. About a minute's walk, hardly that—my room is over the stable.

Prisoner's Defence. The gates are left open for anybody; I was never near the house; I had the money saved up to buy me a jacket; I was going to play a cricket-match with Mr. Goodwin.





GEORGE GOODWIN.
 Yes—you paid me half-a-crown a week before that, to play.

JURY
to W. S. EDMID.
Q. Did you find any money on the prisoner? A. No—he told me he had no more money, or he should have bought the pin.





STEPHEN CREED
 (policeman V 200.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted 30th Jan. 1843, and confined six months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Recorder.

