




957. 




THOMAS WILLIAMS



, stealing 2 pairs of trowsers, value 14s., the goods of 




James Baster; and 





WILLIAM WHITING



, feloniously receiving the same; both having been before convicted.






JANE BASTER.
 I am of James Baster, a clothier and outfitter. On 10th Feb., about seven o'clock in the evening, I was in my parlour, heard a noise, looked through the partition, and saw man, with his head above the counter, on his hands and knees—I went in—he got away—I missed two pairs of trowsers from the counter near the door, which I had seen safe five minutes before—they are my husband's goods—I saw the man's face—to the best of my knowledge it was Williams—he had on a cap, and a dark coat—I saw him next at Greenwich police-court—the things have not been found.





WILLIAM NOAKES
 (policeman, M. 104.) On 10th Feb., about seven o'clock, I received information, and saw whiting and two man at the entrance of the Thames Tunnel—I passed on a hundred and fifty yards, and met Williams coming towards the Tunnel from Deptford, carrying a bundle—I stopped him, and said I was a constable, and asked what he had in the bundle—he

said, "Slop work"—I asked what it was—he said, "Two pairs of trowsers"—I said, "What sort?"—he said, "A pair of cloth, and a pair of cord ones"—I saw part of the cord trowsers, and part of some blue cloth ones, and did not undo the bundle—I asked him where he brought them from—he said from his grandmother, at Greenwich, and he was going to his aunt, in the Commercial-road—I said he must go with me to the station—he went quietly till we came to where the other three were, and then he said he should go no further—I said he must—he looked towards the three men, said, "Here," threw the bundle down, and attempted to get away—Whiting picked it up—Williams said, "Step it"—I told Whiting to put it down, two or three times, and said it was stolen—he was close to me—Williams made another attempt to get away, and said to Whiting, "Go on"—after the scuffle was over, I found Whiting and the other two were gone—I took Williams to the station—he gave his address, 7, Cornwall-street—I went, and found he did not live there—on Friday night Whiting was brought by Potter—I knew him directly, and said, "That is the man that went off with the trowsers over the water"—he said he had not been over the water for some mcnths—I am sure he is the man.

Whiting. Q. Could you swear to the other men? A. I have seen one since, hanging about here.





WILLIAM CHARLES POTTER
 (policeman, K 212.) I took Whiting in Angel-gardens, on 18th Feb.—I said I wanted him on suspicion of being with Browncy over the water, and stealing two pairs of trowsers—he said, "so help me God I was not there"—I had known him eighteen months, and Williams three or four years, and have seen them together three or four times since Christmas.

Whiting. Q. Did not you stop me the night before you took me, and ask if I had heard about Browncy? A. No; I did see you.





JAMES BASTER.
 I am the prosecutor—I was away when the trowsers were lost—as I was coming home, I saw Whiting at the Surrey entrance of the Thames Tunnel, about half a mile from my shop.

Williams' Defence. I know nothing of it; I have known Whiting a long while; he is not the man.

Whiting's Defence. I was not on that side of the water that day; I had not seen Browncy for days before.





JAMES PYE
(policeman, K111.) I produce certificates of the prisoner conviction—(read—Convicted Sept., 1847,and confined three months)—I was present at the trial—they are the persons.

WILLIAMS—


GUILTY. Aged 21.

WHITING—


GUILTY. Aged 26.





Transported for Seven Years.

