



2038. 




HENRY TAYLOR
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of Sept., at 

St. Martin-in-the-Fields, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 



Peter Fernes: and 1 watch, value 12l.; 1 watch-chain, 3l.; 2 seals, 14s.; 1 watchkey, 3s.; and 1 watch-guard, 6d.; the goods of 



James Marchant, in his dwelling-house.






JAMES MARCHANT
. I keep the "Sutherland Arms," in St. Martin's-lane, in the parish of St. Martin-in-the-Fields—the prisoner came to my house on the 19th of Sept., about half-past ten, or twenty minutes to eleven o'clock in the evening—he applied for a bed, and paid 1s. for it—he slept there, and the next morning he paid another 1s. to have the same bed and the same room again; and five minutes after he was gone my wife went up stairs and found my bed-room door locked, and the key gone—she called me—I forced the door open, and missed from the drawer my gold-watch, seals, and chain—these now produced are them—they are worth more than 5l.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Have you seen them all? A. Yes—this watch is plain—I went to Bow-street, and gave a description of it—I have had it more than eight months, and the chain and seals more than fifteen years—the watch was made a 'present to me—it is a plain back with double case—there is no mark that I know it by—here is a coat-of-arms on one of the seals, which was given to me—I perfectly know it from that—the description I gave had reference to this watch—I had seen it in my bed-room about eleven o'clock that morning—I generally kept the bed-room door locked, but that being Sunday morning, having no business, I came down late, and left it open—my wife went up and found it locked—anybody could have got into the bed-room, as the door was open—I saw the prisoner in custody on the Saturday following—I am quite positive he is the man—I had occasion to see him—he applied to me for a bed, I went and asked my wife about it, and she let it him—he did not have any meal there—I swear he is the man.





LOUIS KEYSOR
. I am a watchmaker and silversmith, and live in Tottenham-court-road—on Monday, the 21st of Sept., I saw the prisoner in my shop—he was showing my shopman a duplicate, and said he had been pawning a watch which he had fitted a key to, and he wanted to sell the duplicate—I asked where he lived, and went with him to the pawnbroker's and got this watch—I took an officer with me and gave the prisoner into custody.

Cross-examined. Q. Is this the watch? A. Yes—the prosecutor said it was jewelled in eight holes, but I find there are ten holes jewelled—it is jewelled in the winding-up fusee, which none but a watchmaker would know—it would cost 4l. or 5l. to do that—this watch would cost about forty guineas—I got it from the prisoner's hand at the pawnbroker's.





JAMES MARCHANT

re-examined. This is my watch.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

