



1342. 




ANN SUTTON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
17th of April, 1 watch, value 4l. 8s.; 1 watch-chain, value 4s.; 2 watch-keys, value 3s.; and three seals, value 5s.;. the goods of 



Stephen Hanks.






STEPHEN HANKS
. I am groom to Mr. John Lee Bentham, of Wigmore-street. I met the prisoner in Marylebone-lane on the night of the 16th of April—I had a slight knowledge of her before—she went with me to Easely-mews, where I live, over my master's coach-house—we went to bed together—she got up first, leaving me asleep—when I awoke she was gone—I missed the watch now produced, which had been hanging on a hook near the fire-place—I missed it before fire o'clock in the morning.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were you quite sober? A. I was, I had not enough to make me drunk—I am single.





WILLIAM BENHAM TOMLINSON
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Upper George-street, Bryanstone-square. I had an intimation of this—the prisoner came to my shop on Saturday evening near eleven o'clock—she produced this watch, and wanted 30s. on it—my young man spoke to me—I asked the prisoner whose property it was—she said she brought it for a young man who was standing outside, who worked at the coach-maker's opposite—I asked her if she could bring him—she went to the door, and came in and said she did not see him—I gave her into custody.





DANIEL GRIMWOOD
 (police-sergeant D 11.) I was on duty in Adam-street—I went to Mr. Tomlinson's shop, and, from a motion made by one of the young men, I went outside and stood at the corner of Adam-street—the prisoner came and asked if I had seen a young man that worked at Mr. Peter's factory—I said, "No"—she went into the shop again, but previous to that she said a young man spoke to her in Adam-street and said, "It is rather awkward, is it not? I want to go in and pledge this watch; I don't like to go in myself, I am so well known, for I work at Mr. Peter's;" that he gave her the watch, and told her to ask 30s. on it—Mr. Tomlinson then came out and I took her—I went to her lodging, at No. 1,

Barlow-street, and in a box I found this steel chain—I heard her say she lived there.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you say before the Magistrate that she told you she lived at No. 1? A. No; I said that I heard her say at the station that she lived at No. 1—she was speaking to me in the street about one or two minutes, close to Mr. Tomlinson's shop—she spoke to me—the Magistrate did not desire me to bring the charge-sheet here at the trial, I swear that—Mr. Humphrey made a request that the charge-sheet should come here—Mr. Rawlinson did not desire it should come here—he said yes, but he made no order for me to produce it—I never had it in my possession—it was sent back to the station—I cannot say whether it is at the station now—I cannot say whether they are returned from the Commissioners—the prisoner made no attempt to escape—there was a man in bed in Barlow-street when I went there.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
