




657. 




JOHN BERRY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of January, at 
St. Lawrence Jewry, 1 cash-box, value 10s.; 1 piece of stamped paper, value 1s.; 3 sovereigns, 2 half-crowns, 6 shillings, 1 sixpence, 2 pence, 1 bill of exchange for 126l. 18s.; 1 other bill of exchange for 22l. 7s. 6d.; 1 other bill of exchange for 20l.; 8 orders for the payment and value of 115l. 10s. 3d.; and 1 5l. Bank-note, the property of 




William James Chaplin, in his dwelling-house: and 2 5l. Bank-notes, the property of 




John Sutch Taylor.






JOHN SUTCH TAYLOR
. I am managing clerk to Mr. William James Chaplin, coach proprietor, of the Swan-with-Two-Necks Inn, Lad-lane; I have the management and superintendence of the money in the office. On Monday, the 10th of January, there was a cash-box in the desk in the counting, house, containing three bills of exchange, not due—one for 126l. 18s., one for 20l., and one for 22l. 7s. 6d.—there were four others which were of no value, as the parties had been bankrupts—three of them were for 12l,. 10s. each, and one for 18l.—they had been lying in the cash-box several years, as far back as 1837 or 1838—I think there were eight cheques on our bankers, Messrs. Glynn, and two 5l. Bank-notes, and four sovereigns, my own money—there was also a 5l. note, three sovereigns and silver, making 8l. 11s. 8d., the property of my employer—I missed the box about eight o'clock, on the evening of the 10th—I had seen it safe about one o'clock, when I had occasion to use it, to go to the corn-market—I was sitting in the counting-house till near seven o'clock, and had occasion, from pressure of public business, to go into our public office, and left the keys in my desk—on my return, I went to the desk, and immediately missed the box—the desk was open, and the keys were in the lock—on the evening of the following day, the 11th, I saw part of the property again, in the possession of the policeman Hunt—I do not know any thing of the prisoner, he was not in our employment.





HENRY FEARON
. I keep the Rising Sun public-house, Sidney-street, Mile-end. On the 10th of January, near eleven o'clock, the prisoner came to the bar, and asked for a glass of brandy and water, and change for a 5l. note—I told him I had not got it, because I never gave strangers change—he kept it—I saw that it was a 5l. Bank of England note—I saw no other property that he had—he said, while he was at the bar, he must have change of a 5l. note, for he had just lit his pipe with one—he made quite a smile of it—he appeared to be sober.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Had he had any thing to drink in your house? A. I did not serve him with any thing myself—I cannot tell how long he had been in my house—I first saw him at near eleven o'clock—I did not look at the clock particularly—he did not pay any thing to me, nor in my presence—I did not serve him with rum and water—the waiter took it up—I did not take any money for it—I did not see him drink it—I received no money at all from him, the waiter did—I did not have the note in my hand—I saw the corner of it—I have seen many flash notes—the corners of them look Very much like Bank of England notes, but are not like them.

COURT. Q. Was this a flash note or a Bank of England note? A. I should say it was a Bank of England note.





ISAAC JOSCELYNE
. I am a tailor, and live at No. 249, Shoreditch. On Tuesday, the 11th of January, between two and three o'clock in the day, the prisoner came into my shop—he selected a coat and pair of trowsers to the value of 2l. 10s., and offered me a cheque of 14l. 6s. 8d.—I had it in my hand—I examined it and remarked, "I have no doubt it is good,

being crossed, it must go through a banker's"—I said, "I should like to know how you came by it; I see it is by Chaplin on Glynns"—he made no answer to that—I said, "Have you no other money by you?"—'he said, "No, I have not, I want this cashed"—I said I did not like taking it of a stranger, I had no doubt of its goodness—after some further remarks in came the officer Hunt—he described the prisoner exactly, tod I said, "Here is the very man you want"—I gave the cheque into the hands of the officer, who took the prisoner immediately, and the prisoner said, "It is all right, I will go with you"—I did not see any other property but the cheque.





RICHARD HUNT
 (police-constable H 34.) I went to the shop of Mr. Joscelyne to make inquiry about a man, and found the prisoner in the shop—I took a cheque from Mr. Joscelyne, which I have here—I have kept it ever since—I took the prisoner, searched him at the station, and found several other papers in his pockets, and four bills of exchange tucked into his sleeve—these are them—(produced)—the same evening I took them to Mr. Taylor, by the Magistrate's request, and he identified them.





JOHN SUTCH TAYLOR

re-examined. This is one of the cheques which was in the cash-box on the 10th—I can speak positively to it by a letter which is attached to it from the clerk of a correspondent at Bristol, a partner of Mr. Chaplin's in that line of road, whose handwriting I can identify—the body of the cheque is in the handwriting of Mr. Chaplin's son, and the signature is Mr. Chaplin's himself—this other paper is 1s. stamp receipt, which I also believe to be part of the contents of the cash-box—it is a particular kind of stamp, on a sheet of foolscap, and is issued on the receipt of monies at the Treasury, and which are found by the Treasury on payment for the same—the amount of the cheque is 14l. 6s. 8d., which was the amount of the one I had in the box—here are the four bills of no value of which I have spoken—I have not the slightest doubt they are the four bills that were in the cash-box—here is a wine merchant's bill, a stock receipt, and several private papers of my own of no value, which I know to have been in the box on the 10th of January—the whole amount of property lost is near 300l., exclusive of the bills of no value.

Cross-examined. Q. Was that letter attached to the cheque when produced to you by the officer? A. Yes, and it was attached to it when in the cash-box—the cheque has something to do with a coach settlement between Mr. Chaplin and his partner at Bristol—Mr. Chaplin has no partner in the Lad-lane business—he has many co-workers in other concerns—his name is William James Chaplin—this cheque is signed "William Chaplin"—he signs so in all his public business—it is his ordinary signature, but on particular occasions he signs his full name—the property lost belonging to me was two 5l. notes and four sovereigns.

COURT. Q. Is the office part of Mr. Chaplin's dwelling-house? A. Yes—it communicates with the other part of the premises, by going into the yard—it is under the same roof.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Justice Cresswell.

