



2005. 




WILLIAM THOMAS, alias
 Randall,

 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Robert Brown, about three in the night of the 
6th of August, at 

St. Luke, Chelsea, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 2 tops of candlesticks, value 5s.; 1 spoon, value 1s.; 1 pair of snuffers, calue 5s.; 1 snuffer-tray, value 5s.; his goods: 1 hat, value 1l., and 1 box of medals, value 5s., the goods of 



Robert Charles Brown: 1 sovereign; 1 ring, value 5l.; 2 seals, value 3l. 3s.; and 1 pair of boots, value 12s.; the property of 



George Brown, clerk; and that he had been before convicted of felony.



MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






HARRIET ISBELL
. I am housemaid to Mr. Robert Brown, of No. 68, Sloane-street, Chelsea. On Friday night, the 6th of August, I went to bed at ten o'clock—my mistress was up last, and she shut the street-door—before I went to bed I saw that the staircase-window was shut and fastened—I got up on Saturday morning about six o'clock, and went down with the cook—J noticed the staircase-window wide open—I went into the parlour, and found it all upset, and every thing turned out of the boxes—a pair of plated candlesticks, which had been left on the table over-night, were wrapped up in a neck-handkerchief on a chair—I found a pair of strange shoes just inside the parlour door—they did not belong to any of the family—I called my master up, and missed the snuffertray, snuffers, and several other things—the key of the study-door was gone—it had hung at the side of the study-door overnight—I have since seen it at Queen-square.
Rev. GEORGE BROWN. I am a clergyman, and live with my father in Sloane-street, in the parish of St. Luke, Chelsea. I was called up about half-past seven o'clock, on the morning of the 7th of August, by Isbell—I went immediately into my study, and found it in very great confusion—papers which I kept in my drawers were strewed about the floor—I had five or six desks in the study, all of which were broken open—a box of bronze medals, of the victories of the Duke of Wellington, was gone from my brother's desk, which was not locked—two gold seals were taken from my desk, which was broken open—a letter, which I had left sealed over-night, was broken open, and some money which it contained taken out—I also missed a pencil-case, a gold ring, and a pair of cloth boots which I had left at my bed-room door when I went to bed the night before—a pair of shoes were found near the parlour-door, which did not belong to any of the family—the value of the articles I lost is rather above 10l.—the tops of the candlesticks, the snuffers and tray, were gone from the parlour—they were not silver—they belong to my father, whose name is Robert—it is his dwelling-house—I do not pay the rent, but reside with him—a hat of my brother's, Robert Charles Brown, was also gone—I examined the staircase window, and it appeared to have been opened from the outside, at the bottom—it appeared to have had great force applied to it—a new brass fastening had been put to it a few days before, and that was broken short in the middle, without breaking the glass—I saw it fastened overnight, when I went to bed—I observed two clothes-props, one against the back door, and one above, as if they had been used to climb up by—I have since seen the boots and medals at Queen-square.





HENRY BAREFOOT
. I am an inspector of the B division of police. I received information of this robbery—in consequence of something I learnt I went on Saturday morning, 14th August, at half-past sis o'clock, to a front room, first floor, at No. 9, in the Almonry, Westminster—I knocked at the door—the prisoner got out of bed and opened it—he was undressed—I told him I came there for the purpose of taking him into custody on another

charge, and told him to dress himself, and accompany me—while he was dressing I searched his clothes, and found in his waistcoat pocket this box of bronze medals, and in his trowsers pocket two duplicates, one for a hat, pawned at Mr. Roberts's, in York-street, Westminster—I found this pair of cloth boots by his bed-side—he said they were his—I looked into a drawer, and found several keys, and among them this, which I showed to Isbell—I examined the prosecutor's house on the Saturday morning, and found it had been entered by the staircase-window at the back—I have not the slightest doubt of that—some blunt instrument had been used to prize it up—it had broken the bolt—the back of the house looks into the New Road, Chelsea—there is a back wall, which can be got over—I received this pair of shoes, found in the house, from Isbell, and also a hat—I found some foot-marks in the garden at the back of the house, leading to the itaircase window—I compared the shoes Isbell gave me with those marks, and they exactly corresponded—I have not the slightest doubt those shoes made those marks—I afterwards showed these shoes to the prisoner, and he wore them from the station to the office, where he claimed them as hit own—he wanted the cloth boots to put on, which I would not permit, and he claimed these at the office—they appeared to fit him precisely.

Prisoner. He told me to put the shoes on, and I promptly said I never saw them before, which I never had—I said they hurt my feet, but I dare say I could walk to the station in them, and be took them away from me—I could take my oath they never belonged to me. Witness. He desired me to give him the shoes before the Magistrate—he said, "You have done with those things now, they are my own; give them to me."I said, "I have not done with them."





HARRIET ISBELL

re-examined. This key which Barefoot has produced is the key of my master's study, and these are the shoes I found in the parlour.





WILLIAM EVERED
. I am assistant to Mr. Roberts, a pawnbroker in York-street, Westminster; I produce a hat, which I received in pledge on Saturday morning, the 7th of this month, of a female. On the 13th the prisoner and another young man came and looked at the hat, paid the interest on it, and I gave a fresh duplicate for it, which is now produced by Barefoot, dated the 13th.

REV. G. BROWN
re-examined. These cloth boots are mine, and were left outside my bed-room door—this hat is my brother's—the other property has never been found.

Prisoner's Defence. On Friday night I was at the Victoria Theatre, from thence I proceeded straight home, and slept till about eight o'clock next morning—as to the charge now made against me, I deny it—on the following week I met with a person who had these boots to sell—I gave him, I believe, 3s. 6d. for them—the shoes produced by the inspector I can take my oath I never saw before he produced them for me to wear from the station to Queen-square—the box of medals I had given me for a keepsake, by a young man who has gone out of the country, but not as a convict—on Saturday morning last Inspector Barefoot came up to my bed-room, and took me in charge—he searched my clothes, and found 4s. in my trowsers' pocket, and a few halfpence, and in the drawer the duplicate of the hat, which I bought for 1s.—one day I went with a young chap I know to the pawnbroker's, to see whether the hat would fit me—I paid the interest of it, but it would not fit me, so 1 gave the ticket back, and got the 1s. back again—I afterwards bought the ticket of another person,

which he was to have back on the Saturday I was taken, but being taken I could not give it him back.





JAMES BRADLEY
 (police-constable B 134.) I have known the prisoner for seven or eight years—I was present when he was tried at the Westminster Sessions, in 1838, by the name of William Randall—I am sure he is the same man—I was the constable in the case—I produce the certificate of his former conviction, which I got from the Guildhall, Westminster—(read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
