



428. 




JOHN JOHNSON
was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of, December, 1 umbrella, value 4s., the goods of 



John Green.






ELIZABETH PAPWORTH.
I am married, and live opposite the prosecutor's, who keeps an umbrella shop. About eight o'clock at night, on Friday, the 20th of December, I was looking through my window—I saw two men, and a young man in a butcher's frock, who had an umbrella, looking at it, under the gas, about two doors from the prosecutor's shop—the two men went back to Mr. Green's shop, and the butcher went on to White lion-street, with the umbrella up—a man came out of Mr. Green's shop, who disturbed the two men, who were lurking about the door—I went out and told Mrs. Green—on Sunday the prosecutor sent for me, and said he had lost an umbrella—I cannot swear that the prisoner is the person I saw with, the umbrella.





JOHN GREEN.
I keep an umbrella shop in Mon mouth-street. Papworth came and told me about two men being about my door—I did not miss an umbrella then, but three minutes after I missed it—I gave information to the policeman, and heard no more till half-past nine o'clock on Saturday night, when the policeman came and told me something, and I saw my umbrella—the prisoner was in custody, but I did not see him till the Tuesday, and then he had a butcher's frock on under his coat—I saw the umbrella at Hatton-garden, and swore to it.





GEORGE JOHN RESTIEAUX.
I am a policeman. At two o'clock in the night of the 25th of December, I looked down a cellar in Carrier-street, St. Giles's, and saw the prisoner with his head concealed under a flap—

I went down, and pulled him up—the umbrella was under him—I said, "Is this yours? "—he said, "Yes"—I took him to the station-house, and then he said he knew nothing about it—at the office he said he bought it of a man, in Sloane-street, Chelsea, for half-a-crown—he had a butcher's frock on under his coat, as he has now.

Prisoner. The umbrella stood on the stairs of the cellar. Witness. You were lying on your back, with the umbrella under you.

JURY.
Q. Was he in liquor? A. No—it was a new umbrella, and not spotted with wet.




GUILTY.† Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years

