



1109. 




WILLIAM OSBORNE, alias
 James Henry King

, was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of March, 1 bridle, value 1l. 5s.; 1 bit, 5s.; and 1 pair of reins, 10s. 6d.; the goods of 



John Scholes.






OLIVER DEATH
 (City police-sergeant, No. 201.) On the 20th of March, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner and another in Aldersgate-street—the other had a bridle, reins, and bit, which I saw him tie up in a handkerchief, and give to the prisoner—they then separated, the prisoner went down on one side of the street, and the other on the other side—I followed, stopped the prisoner, and asked what he had got—he said, "Some harness"—I asked whose they were—he said they belonged to a person named Hornsby, a butcher, who was his master—I took him to the station—he then said he had brought them from Cambridge, he had bought them of a person named Osborne, and had brought them up, with other things, to sell—they were afterwards claimed by Mr. Scholes—I saw some other harness in Mr. Scholes's stable, which matched it.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did he not say he had just bought it? A. No, nothing of the kind—he did not say he had bought it till he got to the station—I sent an officer after the other man, but he ran away.






JOHN SCHOLES
. I keep the Elephant-inn, Fore-street—this harness is mine, and is part of some which I had in my stable—I did not miss it till the policeman came, about five o'clock the same afternoon.

Cross-examined. Q. When had you seen any part of that harness before? A. Between twelve and two o'clock on the same day—I noticed these particular parts at that time—I saw it altogether on the mare—I will swear these parts were there then—I must have noticed if they had not been there—the reins and bridle were taken off for her to feed, and hung behind her in the stable—the remainder of the harness was on her.




GUILTY
. * Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(The prisoner had only been discharged from prison two days before the commission of this offence.)
