



1447. 




JOHN BRENT
 was indicted

for stealing 3 aprons, value 1s. 6d.; 2 shifts, 2s.; and 1 night-gown, 6d.; the goods of 



Jane Jones; and 1 pair of stockings, 1s., the goods of 



Isabella Bagnall; 9 pairs of stockings, 10s.; 1 table-cloth, 9s.; 2 pillow-cases, 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of drawers, 6d.; 9 towels, 4s. 6d.; 1 shift, 6d.; 2 night-gowns, 2s.; and 2 night-caps, 6d.; the goods of 



Melvill Shirreff.






ELIZABETH SHIRREFF
. I am the wife of Melville Shirreff; we live in Albany-road, Camberwell. On the 22nd of May, soon after seven o'clock in the evening, I missed some linen, which hung to dry in the garden—these stockings and other things were there—the stockings belong to Isabella Bagnall, these other things are my husband's—these are part of the things—I can swear to them.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Are there any marks on them? A. Yes—they have taken a reat many marks out, but these have marks.





WILLIAM MORTON
 (police-constable P 289.) On the 23rd of Jan. I suspected a boy and stopped him, and found a table-cloth round his body—I then went to where the prisoner lived in James-street—I knocked at the door, and Early, Deacon, (See 9th Session, page 619,) and the prisoner, all stood at the window—I could not get in—I went through another house, and in at the back door of the prisoner's house, which was open—I went up stairs to the room where I had seen these men—I found nothing there—I came down, and found a great quantity of linen in the lower room, and two females—I took them and the linen away—one of the females was the young woman the prisoner lived with.





JOHN ENDRIDGE
. I live at No. 4, Bond-street, Vauxhall—the house No. 1, James-street, Walworth, belonged to my mother—we let the four rooms to a person called Brent—a woman took it—I have seen a man in the front room below at that house—the prisoner resembles that man—if I were to speak the truth, I should rather take him to be the man.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you not seen other persons in the room? A. Yes, I cannot speak positively to having seen the prisoner there.





JAMES BENJAMIN JOHNSON
. I went to the corner of James-street, about noon, on the 23rd of January, when the officer went to the house—I saw the prisoner and two others make their escape over the wall to York-street, and from there to the Walworth-road—I know the woman the prisoner lived with, she gave the name of Probert at the office.





WILLIAM MORTON

re-examined. I knew her—the prisoner lived with her as his wife.






JAMES BAKER
 (police-constable P 98.) I took Probert—she lived with the prisoner, but I did not know of their living in James-street.




GUILTY.* Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There were two other indictmants against the prisoner.)
