



1994. 




ELEANOR BOYLAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of June, 2 shillings, 3 sixpences, and 5 groats; the monies of 



James Hayes, from his person, and that she had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES HAYES
. I live in White Lion-street, Chelsea. The prisoner was my housekeeper—on Sunday, the 4th of June, I came home, and went to bed—she assisted to undress me, and took the money out of my trowsers pocket—there were two shillings, three sixpences, and five 4d. pieces—I attempted to put my trowsers under my pillow, but she took the money out before I missed it—I sent her out for a candle, but she stopped out all night—next morning I went in search of her—I heard her voice in another house between five and six o'clock—I brought the police down, and there she was—I counted my money before I went to bed—I was in the bed about two hours before I missed it—I am sure no one could have taken it but her—she has not been with me above six weeks, and never missed sleeping at home before.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not give me your money? A. No—they are not thieves and w----s who lodge in my house, they are married persons and single men—I did not transport my first wife, I buried her at Wolverhampton—I did not come into your bed, you forced yourself into mine—I never wanted to marry you—your own husband is in the workhouse.





BENJAMIN BYRNE
 (police-constable B 16.) At half-past five o'clock on Monday morning I went to Lawrence-yard, Royal Hospital-row—the prisoner was in bed with another woman, but the prisoner had her clothes on—the prosecutor said he wanted his 7s. back—she desired a shoemaker, who was living with the other woman, to send him away—he went away immediately—the other woman said to the prisoner, "He is gone for a policeman now, and he will come and find the money on you"—the prisoner said, "The policeman is here," and I saw her making a motion towards her left stocking—I took her hand, and took two shillings, five sixpences, and three 4d. pieces in the stocking of her left leg, and two half-crowns in her pocket at the station—she said he gave it her—she said she got the money from her daughter—I heard her make a statement to the Magistrate—I saw the Magistrate sign it—this is it—(read)—"The prisoner says—He put the money into my apron, and wanted to put it into his pocket; I said I would rather put it into mine than yours; he said, 'What is mine is yours, and what is yours is mine;' I spent 1s. or 2s.; I did not mean to spend it."

Prisoner's Defence. It is nothing but jealousy; he brought the 7s., and said, "Nelly, come here;" he said "I can keep you better than a young man;" I said "I do not wish to live with you;" I slept with him and acted as wife.





BENJAMIN BYRNE
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 43.—


Transported for Seven Years.

