



1794. 




LOUISA ELDRIDGE
 was again indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



John Joshua Hulme, on the 
3rd of June, and cutting and wounding him in and upon his head, with intent to do him grievous bodily, harm.






JOHN JOSHUA HULME
. On Saturday, the 3rd of June, I went with two females into Union-court, and into a house there—I had some gin given me, I and became stupified after taking it—I was beaten by the two women, and turned out of the house—I received wounds which I cannot account for how they came—I received wounds on my head, one in front and two behind—I they are such wounds as might have been inflicted by a poker or crowbar—I have not been able to do any business since—the wound on my forehead was a large cut—it was about the width of my thumb nail, rough, such as a poker I would make, not a sharp cut—it was a bruise, and I had another over the I eye which was not cut at all—I do not remember being struck with a poker.





ELIZABETH PENN
. On Saturday night, the 3rd of June, 1 pot my bead out I of the window in consequence of a row that was going on, and saw some vio-lence offered to the prosecutor—after he got out of the house I saw the prisoner with a poker in her hand—she came out of No. 12, next door to roe, I with a poker in her band—I heard a man's voice say, Hit him Louey"—she said she had hit him—as the crowd stood there she had the poker held up—his face was turned towards her at the time, and bis back towards me—she held the poker up in such a direction as if it came down would hate struck hit forehead, and she made a blow which, I suppose, struck bis forehead, but I did not see it go on his forehead—I afterwards taw him, and he was bleed-ing at the back of the head.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me strike him on the forehead? A. I did not see you hit him—I did not see you come out of your room with the poker in your hand—a young man ran across and gave it you just by the door—I heard you say you had hit him.





MARY SOUTHERBY
. On the night of the 3rd of June I saw the prisoner receive a poker from a young man who I should know if 1 was to see—she struck the prosecutor with it—his face wag turned towards her at the time—the blow she struck would have fallen on his forehead—I taw her strike him there—I immediately heard him say, "Oh God, don't kill me"—he had no hat on at the time.

Prisoner. You were standing with a gentleman at the top of the court, and had a bonnet in your hand. Witness. I had no bonnet.

Prisoner. You came down the court before me—I followed you down the court, went into my place, and asked you what was the matter—an old man at our house was standing at the door—I said, "What is the matter?"—he said, "There is a man been robbed outside," and the man itood roaring for

his hat, and his head bleeding—I went into my room, pulled my bonnet and shawl off, and two policemen came in and searched my room—some went out, and then found a bonnet. Witness. She never spoke to me—I did not have a straw bonnet in my hand.





WILLIAM UPCHURCH
. I am a policeman. I found the prosecutor in the court—his head was cut in front and bleeding—it was such a wound as this poker might have inflicted—Union-court is in Orchard-street, Westminister, I leading from the Broadway.

COURT. Q. How could this thing happen for two hours without the po-liceman knowing it? A. had taken two prisoners down for felony just after twelve o'clock, and when I came back I took another man for being dis-orderly—I was detained at the station, as there were three or four eharges—when I am called off there is nobody there—two men pass on the other I side of the street on an adjoining beat—if there was the least noise they might I have heard it at the top of the court.

MRS. PENN
re-examined. I was near enough to see the poker in the pri-soner's hand—it was about the length of this poker.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

