



2100. 




ANNA SMITH
 was again indicted

 for stealing 2 plates and 31 towels, value 32s.; the goods of 



Edward Smith, Earl of Derby.






CATHERINE TRIMBLE
. I am housekeeper to Lord Derby; he is paralyzed. These towels and plates are his, and have a coronet and "D" on them—on 2nd Oct., Miss Eden came on a visit—the prisoner came with her as servant—I missed the things after she left.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Can you swear to these plates? A.—No; we had such—the mark has begun to be picked out of one towel—only identify these twelve—they have a private mark, two little dots on them—they were new last year—a Mrs. Fletcher lived at Lord Derby's before I went there.






SUSANNAH NEVILLE
. The prisoner lodged at my house, 2, George-street Richmond—the boxes given to the officer were hers.

Cross-examined. Q. When did she leave them with you? A. When she went to Miss Eden's—they have been there more than three years—she late the keys with me—Mrs. Robinson visits me about once in three or four months—I believe she gave the information to the police—a person applied to me to give up the boxes—I said, by way of bringing the prisoner to me, that I could not deliver them until they were searched by the proper authorities, unless she gave me a receipt for the money due to me—the keys were kept in a looking-glass drawer, which was open—Mrs. Robinson and I only looked into the boxes once; that was about six weeks ago, because I had missed things—I have always had the same key, never a new one—I pur-chase linen occasionally of the housekeepers of people of rank—there is no impropriety in that—the prisoner has been to the box several times sins Christmas—I never bought any of these things.





JONATHAN WHICKELER
. I found these things in a box which Mrs. Neville showed me as the prisoner's—I took her, and said it was for stealing a quantity of towels of Lord Derby—she said she did not steal them; she bought them of Mrs. Fletcher, eight years ago—I asked where Mrs. Fletcher lived—she said she was dead.




GUILTY
of stealing Twelve Towels.
—Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

