





1312. 




WILLIAM PERRY
 was indicted for

 stealing 12 boxes of patent medicine, called Dr. Freeman's Ointment, value 9s. 6d.; and 12 other boxes of ointment, 9s. 6d.; the goods of 



William Henry Sutton and another, his masters: and 





BENJAMIN EGLINTON
 and 




PETER JORDAN



 for feloniously receiving part of the same, knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. WILDE
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES THAIN
 (City police-constable, No. 19.) At ten minutes or a quarter past nine o'clock on the morning of the 21st of March, I saw the prisoner Jordan at the Eastern Counties Railway—I followed him to Eglinton's house, 1, Blossom-street—I observed that he had nothing in his hands, nor anything of a bulky appearance about his person—he went into Eglinton's house—a few minutes afterwards I saw Eglinton come through the passage from the direction of Shoreditch, or from Norton-Falgate, with a bundle tied up in a blue handkerchief under his left arm—he went round hit counter, untied the handkerchief, and handed a brown paper parcel to Jordan, who took the parcel, put it behind the skirts of his coat, came out of Eglinton's house, and went to Mr. Sharwood's, 55, Bishopsgate-street—a considerable distance before be reached the shop he withdrew one hand from the parcel, and about 50 yards before he reached the shop he withdrew the parcel, and went with it into Mr. Sharwood's shop, at exactly twenty-five minutes past nine o'clock—he remained there a few minutes, came out, and went towards Eglinton's house—on his way I observed him counting some money—I passed by him—I saw him go to Eglinton's house, and saw no more of him at that time—I have seen Perry and Eglinton together two or three times—I have never seen them near the prosecutor's house—I have seen them at Mr. Field's, the Black Dog, many times—I am not aware what Eglinton is by rade—he keeps a sort of grocer's and chandler's shop.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What was the charge on the other indictment that has been tried? A. Perry was charged with stealing—I cannot say on what day—I did not indict them—I gave evidence on the 11th, 19th, and 20th of March—I only proved the connexion—I mentioned Monday, the 11th of March last, as the day the theft was committed—Eglinton's warehouse is rather better than a mile from Bow Church-yard, where the things were stolen from. (See paye 945.)

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You did not interfere with Jordan

at all? A. No—I did not examine his coat to see if he had an inside-pocket—I do not believe be had—I have been a policeman nine or ten years—I cannot say whether you have a pocket in your coat-tail inside—the parcel was placed right up his back.





SAMUEL COOMBS
 (policeman.) On the 19th of March I sow Jordan and Eglinton together—I took Perry into custody.





JAMBS ALLAN SHARWOOD
, druggist, 58, Bishopsgate-st. I have known the prisoner Jordan many years by name—I have bought things of him—I have bought patent medicines of him—on the 20th of March last I gave him orders for a dozen of each ointment—on Friday the 21st of March, at half-past nine in the morning, he brought me this dozen of patent-medicine—he asked me 8s. for it, which I paid—that was under the usual price—I had a reason for purchasing at a reduced price, as I had communicated with Messrs. Sutton, and I bought them—9s. 6d., was the proper price—I had bought another dozen of him the day previous—I had also purchased half-a-dozen on the 19th—I had refused that half-dozen on the Saturday previous—there is a mark on it—I marked it at half-past nine on the 21st of March—I received these from Jordan in the month of January—it was the last of the patent ointment that he could supply—he stated that he could sell them at less than the regular price.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you give evidence on a previous charge of receiving stolen property? A. Yes—I had no reason to doubt that he was carrying on a respectable business in the chemist and drug-gist line—I know that he has been acting as a seller of patent medicine on commission—I never saw him at a sale—I have purchased things of him, according to his representation, just after a sale—patent medicines are not gene-rally sold—there are spurious patent medicines—you do not always get the right article—there was no concealment about Jordan in any of the transac-tions—I never heard any thing against his character—the difference between the price Messrs. Sutton sell it at, and what I paid was 18d., on the twelve boxes.





WILLIAM COLLINS
. In March last, I was in the employ of William Henry Sutton and Son—I remember marking some medicines on Sunday the 17th of March—they were kept in a box in the cellar—at ten minutes past eight o'clock, on Thursday, the 21st of March, I saw them in the cellar—I saw Perry there that morning—he is a porter in their employ—the latest time I saw him come out of the cellar was about twenty-five minutes past eight—I cannot speak positively—he left altogether at twenty minutes to nine—all the men went out to breakfast—I saw him go out—I did not look outside the door—directly after he left I went down into the cellar, and missed one dozen—I know this ointment by these marks—I know Eglinton by tight—I had never seen him at our house—I have seen him in the neighbourhood, in Bow-lane—I did not see him on my master's premises on the morning of the 21st—I cannot say whether we have any real patent for these medicines—I do not know of any.

COURT. Q. You saw Perry come out of the cellar, had any body else been in the cellar that morning? A. Yes, James Jarman, one of the young men—I cannot be positive whether it was before or after—he is not here—he went down when I saw the things safe.





JAMES GELLATLY
 (City policeman.) I know Eglinton and Perry—I have seen them together at the Plough, Plough-yard. Shoreditch—I saw them there on Wednesday the 20th of March, at half-past eight o'clock in the evening—Perry came to the door and looked in—the pot-boy said. "He is not here yet"—he then went away, returned in three or four minutes, sat down and called for a pint of beer and a pipe—Eglinton came in, and said to Perry, "I have a dozen more ordered; it is strange, it is not, that they should

be wanted, for last week the parties would not look at them, much more buy"—Perry said, "Between this and Saturday"—Eglinton said, "The parties are in a hurry for them"—they soon after left—I heard nothing more that night—I was there on the next evening, Thursday the 21st, the day in question, in plain clothes—I saw them both sitting there—I heard Eglinton say to Perry, "Anything to-night?"—Perry said, "No"—they were soon after joined by a man and lad, and all four left—on Saturday, the 23rd of March, I apprehended Jordan coming from Eglinton's house—I said, "I am one of the City police, I take you into custody charged with receiving stolen goods knowing them to be stolen, belonging to Messrs. Sutton and Co."—he said, "You must be mistaken; I know Sutton and Dicey well, and have laid out hundreds of pounds with them; I will give you my address, Nicholas-street, Hoxton, and No. 9, Star-alley, Fenchurch-street, where I sleep"—he said he might be found when wanted—I told him he must come with me—he said, "Young man, listen to me, and I will be a father to you"—I told him I had no desire to hear any thing he had to say—he said he had a relation in a dying state who he wished to see, and if I wanted 5l. at any time I could have it—I told him I could not listen to any such proposal, he must come to Moor-lane station—he said, "Very well"—on our road he said he had known Eglinton for years—I had not mentioned Eglinton to him—I said, "I have not mentioned any name"—he said, "No, I thought you saw me come out of his house"—he said, Saturday being a busy day it would inconvenience him a good deal, but he would go to Sutton's if I liked.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. How long have you been a police constable? A. Since the 16th of February—I am twenty-two years old—before I went into the police I was servant to Mr. Stevens, a solicitor, in Queen-street, Cheapside—I get 17s. a week—if my conduct is approved of I shall get a higher salary—I shall be promoted in the event of giving satisfaction—I do not expect to get up after this, not for six months—I took a memorandum of the conversation the same evening, about half an hour afterwards—I have it here—I was not desired to bring it with me—I was asked for it the last time—I took it down from recollection—I have referred to it pretty often since—I do not know that it is put down in the order that it passed—I do not know that the words exactly follow each other in the order I have told you to-day—I was put there to watch—I did not take the memorandum the first day, because I did not think of it—I did not put it down for the purpose of reference, but to refresh my memory—the pot-boy was here this morning.

Cross-examined by
MB. PAYNE. Q. Did not Jordan say, being in his work-day dress, he should like to change it? A. Yes. I said he could not—he said, "I have known Eglinton for years, and have sold drugs for him on commission"—he might have seen me when he came out of the shop—I saw him come out of the shop at half-past three o'clock in the afternoon, and I took him—two of the prisoners had a hearing on Monday—Jordan was examined on Monday morning—it was in the street he said he would go to Sutton's if I liked—he appeared very indignant at the charge—he talked very fast and loud—I have not discovered that he told me a single falsehood—I have never inquired whether the places of residence are correct—he did not make any attempt to escape—he was going the contrary way till I turned him round—he did not fight me—he talked so fast I cannot remember all he said—I never heard any body say that he had a relative in a dying state—he said so himself before the Alderman—I will not swear he did not say he thought it strange Messrs. Sutton had not ascertained the loss instead of taking him prisoner—he spoke about the 5l. directly after saying he had a relative in a dying state.


MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Have you ever shown this paper to any body? A. No—I did not mention the conversation to any body except the Magisstrate.

Jordan. It was my own daughter that was dying; that was the reason I offered him 5l.





GEORGE JONES
. I am manager to Messrs. Sutton. I never saw Jordan before—if he had been in the habit of buying patent medicines at our place I must have known him—patent medicines are never sold at a reduction.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you know Mr. Jordan who formerly carried on a large business in Whitechapel? A. No.—I cannot swear he has not done business with our house twenty-five years ago—I never heard till the last week or two that he was a large chemist and druggist in Whitechapel—I have been in the business eighteen years, and can only speak to that time—I will not swear he did not carry on business in Whitechapel.
(Joseph Low, goldsmith and jeweller; Francis King, tavern-keeper; Alfred; and Richard Divine, chemist and druggist, No. 76, Aldersgate-street; gave Eglinton a good character.)
(Thomas Williams, tobacconist, No. 87, Blackman-street, Borough; Samuel Cheshire, chemist and druggist, No. 144, Whitechapel; Samuel James Stokes, New North-road; and Henry Cook, cook and confectioner, No. 9, Star-street, Fenchurch-street; gave Jordan a good character.)

PERRY—


GUILTY
. Aged 40.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutors.






Confined One Year.


EGLINTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 45

JORDAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 49.





Transported for Seven Years


