



1707. 




FREDERICK WARD
 was indicted

 for stealing 3 pairs of trowsers, value 3l. 10s.; and 2 1/2 yards of woollen cloth, 1l. 2.; the goods of 




George Tabret Lock, and another; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






GEORGE TABRET LOCK
. I am a tailor, and live in Woolwich—I had some trowsers in my shop on the 22nd of July—I missed them—I went I with Samuel Watts on board a Waterman steam-packet at a little after one o'clock—I went into the cabin and saw the prisoner—he had two paper parcels—Watts opened them—they contained these three pairs of trowaen, which I can swear to as mine—this pair is my apprentice's make, they are all the property of me and my son, who is partner with me—this piece of cloth I cannot swear to, but a piece was missing from my shop, which was brought in the night before for a customer.

Prisoner. Q. What can you swear to the trowsers by? A. This pair I can swear to by taking in three-eighths of an inch at the bottom; and these I black ones, this was a remnant of kerseymere, and they are my making—I they are all my making, or the apprentice's.





ROBERT MORRISON
. I am apprentice to Mr. Lock—about one o'clock on 1 the 22nd of July I came up to my dinner and saw the prisoner in the shop—I I asked if he wanted to see Mr. Lock, he said, "No, I have seen him"—I did I not know whether he had seen him or not—I left him there.





SAMUEL WATTS
. I am parish constable of Woolwich—I went on board I the Waterman steam-packet, which was coming to London, between one I and two o'clock on the 22nd of July, and in the cabin, I saw the prisoner I tying up a paper parcel—he had another parcel with him—I found in one I parcel these two pairs of trowsers, and in the other this piece of cloth, and I these other trowsers—I asked whose they were—he said his—I asked where I he got them—he said he bought them—I called the prosecutor, he identified I them.





GEORGE HARRIS
 (police-constable R 158.) I produce a certificate of the I prisoner's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted 24th Nov. 1845, and confined three months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

