



2903. 




JAMES ANDREWS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of October, one purse, value 1s.; one sovereign, 2 half-sovereigns, and 3 shillings; the property of 



Noel Harris, from his person.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






ARCHIBALD KYLE
. I am in the service of John Hill, a linen-draper, in Oxford-street. About a quarter before twelve o'clock on the 18th of October, a lady drove to the door—I went out to attend to the carriage—the moment I laid down some gloves before the lady, I cast my eyes across the road and saw the prisoner lift Mr. Harris's pocket up with his left hand and insert his right hand—I did not see what he took out—I immediately ran across and inquired of Mr. Harris if he had lost anything—I then followed the prisoner—he ran down Oxford-street, down Duke-street, Henrietta-street, and up Gray-street—I there laid hold of him—he

appeared in great agitation—he said, "Let me go"—I am certain he is the man—I never lost sight of him.

Cross-examined by Mr. BALLANTINE. Q. Where is your shop? A. Between Duke-street and North Audley-street—it is a very wide part—the carriage was a closed one—there were not several persons running until I came to Duke-street, and cried "Stop thief"—I saw no one running before the prisoner, I am sure, because no one could tell what I was running for.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. In the course of the prisoner's running, had he any opportunity of getting rid of anything? A. Yes—I took him at the top of Gray-street, and he had no opportunity of giving anything away until we got to Oxford-street—a man there pushed very much against him—he about him, and seemed to try to get something from him, and said he would go and fetch the gentleman.





THOMAS NOEL HARRIS
. I am independent, living in Park-street, Grosvenor-square. I was walking in Oxford-street a little before twelve o'clock on the 18th of October—Kyle seized me by the arm and asked if I had lost anything—I put my hand into my pocket and missed my purse, containing one sovereign, two half-sovereigns, and three shillings—I saw a man running with a cloak on his arm—I could not see whether the prisoner was the man, his back was towards me—Kyle said, "Follow me," and ran after the prisoner—after a considerable chase he was apprehended—he said, "Let me go, let me go, it is a mistake"—the Magistrate asked him why he ran—he said, "Because others ran."

Cross-examined. Q. Others were running? A. I saw no persons running at the time Kyle came to me, only a person with a cloak—mine was a long purse with tassels at each end.





ROBERT BUTT
 (police-constable D 51.) I took the prisoner, and found a silver watch, a guard, a union-pin, a silver pencil-case, and some silver, but no purse.
(Edward Worthing Brown, a house-agent of Berwick-street, Soho; and Dakin Moore, attorney of the Middle Temple-lane, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
.* Aged 40.—


Transported for Ten Years.
