



1622. 




THOMAS SPOONER
was indicted

for stealing, on the 
25th of May, 1 copper, value 12s., the goods of 



James Richard Townsend, and fixed to a certain building.






JAMES RICHARD TOWNSEND.
I am a carman, and live in Great Carlisle-street, Mary-le-bone. I had a copper, which I saw safe on the morning of the 25th of May, and in the evening it was gone—it had been fixed in the brick-work—it was afterwards shown to me by the policeman—I have not a doubt that it was mine.





RICHARD LAWRENCE.
I live with the prosecutor. On the 25th of May, I saw the prisoner, between four and five o'clock, in my master's wash-house, standing against the copper—he was a stranger—I thought he had come to some of the people who lived up stairs—he said, "Halloo, " to me, and I to him—then he went out—I did not see him again till a person came in the evening, and told us he had gone with the copper—I went out, and saw the prisoner going into a marine-store shop, in Bell-street—I went and told the policeman.





BENJAMIN PRIDDLE.
I live in Carlisle-street. On the 25th of May, I saw a man come out of the prosecutor's passage with a copper on his head—I went in and asked about it—Lawrence and I went after the man—I did not see his face.





DANIEL SHELVEY
(police-constable D102.) I went to the marine-store shop in Bell-street, and found the prisoner with the copper on his head—I asked him where he got it—he said he had bought it—I asked where—he said that was his business—I took him to Mr. Townsend's, and saw the copper had been taken out of the brick-work—I fitted it to the place the next morning—it fitted exactly—he was not sober, but could walk very well.


Prisoner's Defence. I left my home to go to work, but I met two or three old shop-mates, and we went to the Champion public-house, where I stopped till half-past eight o'clock, or nine, or later—I got drunk—I was told I bought the copper, but whether I did or not, I do not know.




GUILTY.*Aged 26,—


Transported for Seven Years

