




2234. 




THOMAS SIMPSON
 was indicted for

feloniously assaulting 



Alfred Lainson, putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will, I half-crown. 1 shilling, and 2 sixpences, his monies; and 





MARY GREEN



 as an accessary before the fact.

MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






ALRFED LAINSON.
 I am a carpenter, and live at 45, Portman-street, Vauxhall. On Saturday evening, the 21st of Aug., about twenty minutes to nine o'clock, I was in Battersea-fields, and overtook the prisoner Green—she spoke to me first, and said, "My dear, will you go with me"?—I told her, "No, I was going home"—I had never seen her before—I bade her good night—I did not stop, I merely turned round and walked on again—a boy then came up to me, crying, and saying he had lost a horse—I stopped to speak to him, and Green ran away—the prisoner Simpson then ran up to me, and said I had been with his wife, and if I did not give him something he would punch my head off, and he put himself in a fighting attitude—I told him I had not been with his wife, or any man's wife, and I would not give him anything—he put his fingers up to his mouth and whistled—I then saw several men running towards me from the tents in the field, and I ran away—they set a dog at me—in running away I stumbled over a mound and fell—Simpson then came up to me, and the other men also—there were about eight or twelve of them—I directly jumped up—he complained to the other men that I had been with his wife, and they all said I must give them some money—Simpson touched my waistcoat, and he and another man held out their hands, and said I must give them some money—I asked them to go to a public-house with me, and I would treat them with drink—I proposed that with a view of identifying some of them—they all said, "No, that will not do for us, you must give us the money now"—Simpson and another man then held out their hands, and I gave them half-acrown each—they then told me to go away from the field and never come there any more—I gave them the money out of fear—they threatened to punch my head if I did not—I went straight towards Battersea-bridge, met a policeman, and returned with him to the spot—we saw the prisoner Green in the Old-House-at-Home public-house in the field, but I did not speak to her—I had not taken any sort of liberty with the girl, or anybody else.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. This was somewhere about nine o'clock? A About twenty minutes to nine o'clock—it was about a quarter to nine o'clock when I met the policeman, and that was about five

minutes after this matter happened—it was dusk, getting dark—it was a moonlight night—there are no gas-lights in Battersea-fields—I saw Simpson on the Sunday following, the next day, in the field—I did not give him into custody, the policeman was too far behind, and he made his escape—I was in search of him with the policeman—I saw him in the field, putting stumps down in the booth—he walked very fast, and I missed him while I was looking after the policeman—I saw him again on the 2nd of Sept., when he was taken into custody—I was taken to the station by a policeman, to see him—he was pointed out to me—I was not at all drunk on the night in question.

COURT.
Q. How far was Simpson from you when you saw him in the field on the Sunday? A. Within a yard or two—there is a fair held there on Sundays—I saw him scarcely for a minute—he went into the booth, and out at the other end—he saw me, and appeared to know me—he coloured is the face, and while I was making a sign to the policeman he disappeared—I am quite sure he saw me—the policeman was about 100 yards behind me, coming across the field—I communicated this to the policeman as soon as I got up to him.

Green. How can you say he was putting stumps in the booth when I was down there on the very same Sunday evening, and he had cock-shy sticks in his hand? Witness. They were stumps—I did not see you in the field that day—I did not give you any money.





THOMAS BENT
 (policeman V 95.) I heard of this robbery on the Tuesday, and looked for the prisoner Simpson—I saw him on Thursday, the 2nd of Sept., in the Wandsworth-road—I asked whether he did not go by the name of Swanney—he said he did—I said he was charged with robbing a man in Battersea-fields on the Saturday night week before—he said. "I was not them at all that night"—I said I must take him to the station to see whether he was or not—I had known him before by the name of Thomas Simpson, and by the nickname of Swanney.


Cross-examined. Q. Did he say, "I was not there that night; I was not near the place?" A. Yes.





JHON WALLIS
 (policeman, V 293.) I was on duty in Battersa-foelds on the evening of the 21st of Aug., and about five minutes before nine o'clock met the prosecutor—he told me what had happened to him, in consequence of which I went back with him—we saw the female prisoner, but I did not speak to her or take her into custody then—I saw her again on the 3rd of Sept., and took her into custody—I told her she was charged with being concerned in a robbery in Battersea-fields with Swanney Simpson—she said she knew nothing about Swanney Simpson—next day, after coming out of the Magistrate's office, she said there was only her and Simpson and the prosecutor there, only them three—no one was putting questions to her at that time—she was in custody at the time—we were returning from the Magistrate's office—she said she wanted to give her evidence—I told her she had been asked twice whether she had anything to ask the witnesses, and she had said as—she said she wished to tell the truth, that there was only them three there, that was Simpson, her, and the prosecutor.

Cross-examined. Q. Only three, where? A. In Battersea-fields, at the time of the robbery—I believe "there" was the word she used—I am sure that was the word—"there at the time"—I was only examined once before the Magistrate, that was on the same day that Green was examined—what she said was on coming away from the examination—she had been remanded from the day before, for her and Simpson to be brought up together.


COURT.
Q. Were you before the Magistrate more than once? A. Yes—I was there after Green stated this to me—I made a mistake when I said I was only examined once before the Magistrate—I was examined twice—it was the second time that she said what I have stated.

Green. I never said whether there were three or four persons. Witness. She did, and the prosecutor heard her as well—she said she wished t tell the truth, that there was only Simpson and her and the prosecutor there at the time—I swear she said that, and she heard me state it to the Magistrate.





JOHN POTTER
 (policeman, V 118.) On the night of the 21st of Aug. I was on duty in Battersea-fields, and saw Simpson there about a quarter-past eight o'clock—I knew him, and had seen him there the whole of the season—he has got cock-shies there—I have seen Green about there with a number of other persons, stopping out there—there is a kind of fair there the whole of the summer, with horse-riding, swings, target-shooting, with nuts, and all that kind of thing.





WILLIAM JOHNSON.
 I keep a coffee-stall in Battersea-fields. I know the prisoners by sight, but nothing more—I have not been there long—I begun to keep the stall about two months ago, and have seen them in my stall every day for the last two months, sometimes apart and sometimes together.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you seen Green with other men? A. No, not unless they were in company together—I have not seen Simpson with other people—I never noticed him, except in her company—if she came for any refreshment when he was down in field, she had it and went away—sometimes they both came together.

COURT.
Q. You have seen a good many other people in these fields during the two months? A. Yes, hundreds of the same rank in life—it was nothing particular to see him there on the 21st of Aug., more than any one else—I was at home, no board my barge in the dock in Battersea-fields on Saturday night, at nine o'clock—I did not know anything about this till Monday.

MR. RYLAND.
Q. What time did you give up business in your stall? A. About nine o'clock—the stall is in the barge—I live there.





ALFRED LAINSON

re-examined. I was in the girl's company about a minute and a half or two minutes—I did not look at her before she spoke to me, or look round at her as I passed—I was turning my head round, and was just about walking on, when the boy came up to me—he was crying very bitterly, which attracted my attention—when he ran away, she ran away too, and the men ran towards me—I had not much opportunity of looking at her face, but I knew her again directly I saw her—I had never seen her before—I saw her again the same evening—it was all done in three, four, or five minutes—the male prisoner whistled almost directly he came up—he stood facing me, in a fighting attitude—the moon was shining, and I could distinguish his countenance well—I had seen him as I was crossing the field, in the early part of the evening, in company with another man, and recollected, having seen him before that day—I am quite satisfied he is the same person.





THOMAS BENT

re-examined. I was before the Magistrate on the 8th, when the prisoners made a statement—they were asked severally whether they had anything to say—Green made a statement, which was taken down, and read over to her—she made her mark, and the Magistrate signed it—I know his writing—Simpson also made a short statement, which was witnessed by the Magistrate.


Cross-examined. Q. Did you hear Wallis examined? A. Yes, on the 4th—I apprehended Green on the 3rd—to the best of my belief, he went through the whole of his examination again on the 8th—I might not have been there the whole of the day—I gave no evidence that day—I have no doubt I was there the whole of the time—I was there at the time the deposition were read—I do not think I left the Court at all—I believe I went out once with the male prisoner—the examination was not going on then—I do not think I was called out of Court—I heard Wallis make his statement—he gave the whole of his evidence on the 8th—I do not remember what evidence he gave—the prisoners were told that they might say what they liked, but what they said would be taken down and used against or for them at the trial—Mr. Beadon was the Magistrate—I have seen him write many times for two or three months—I stood close to him, and saw him write this—I know the character of his writing—I have seen him sign my recognisance papers—I should say this is not his writing (looking at a paper)—I will not swear to it—I have not seen him write like that—I have a doubt about this being his writing—he sometimes writes similar to this, but not like this—he writes "William Frederic Beadon," but not with a lot of dashes under it—(The prisoners' statements were here read—"The prisoner Green says, 'On last Saturday fortnight, between seven and eight o'clock, the gentleman met me and asked me how I did, and asked me to take his arm—he went with me to the Red House, and treated me—we went across the fields—he said he had taken a fancy to me, and he would be a good friend to me, but he was rather short of cash that night, that he had only 3s. 6d. in his waistcoat pocket—he gave me 3s., and said he would keep the 6d., as we should want a glass of brandy-and-water—he took me across the bank, and began taking indecent liberties with me—I would not let him—he wanted me to give him the money back—I said it was a gift, but I would go to a house with him—he said he would knock me down if I did not let him do as he liked—I said, 'If you do, I shall get somebody to do it for you'—he struck me on the shoulder—I called out, and Simpson ran from the booth—I told him, and he told the gentleman he had better go on about his business, and he went on—I went on, and saw the prosecutor fall down over the bank—I went to the Old House-at-Home, and treated Simpson for his protection—I asked him to see me across the fields—he saw me as far as the Duchess public-house, and left me—I saw the gentleman on the Tuesday after, and because I would not let him go with me, he said he would punish me and the man too—The prisoner Simpson says, 'What she has said is true, he never gave me any money.' ")
(Thomas Holden, plumber, of New Compton-street, Soho, gave Simpson a good character.)

SIMPSON—


GUILTY. Aged 21.

GREEN—


GUILTY. Aged 18.





Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Williams.

