



314. 




GEORGE WORSLEY



, feloniously killing and slaying 



Mary Worsley.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH WILLIS
. I live at Stratford, near the prisoner and his mother. On Monday, 16th Dec, I saw them at the house, he was in a passion with her, and said, "You old b----r, I will kill you;" he took her up in his arms, and threw her down on the door-sill, which is rather higher than the stone steps—she said, "Oh Sail! Sail! pick me up!"—she was picked up, and walked into her own house, and the prisoner also—he took her up and threw her down again on the floor, using the same expression—she groaned very heavily—she had done nothing to him that I knew—I did not see her again till Wednesday, she was then dead.





ELIZA WRIGHT
. I lived three doors off the prisoner and deceased. On Monday evening I heard him quarrelling with his mother in Walpole's house—he was ill-usins; her, and knocked her down on the step—she said, "Sail!


Sall! pick me up!"—she went into her own house, he followed, and dashed her down again with violence, using violent language—she was taken into Burling's—the prisoner said to him, "Take the old b----r away and keep her."





ANN HARRIETT M'LEOD
. I am the prisoner's niece—my grandmother was eighty-five years old—her name was Mary Worslev—she and the prioner were sitting very comfortably together on this evening—he began swearing it her—I kit it a little after six o'clock, to go to Stratford—when I came back she was at Mr. Burling's—she came back to her own house next day—she went to bed that night—I slept in the same bed—about seven in the morning I got up, to get her breakfast, took it up to her, and found she was dead.





ANN DALBY
 My husband is a carpenter—we Jived next door to the deceascd—the fireplaces join, and you can hear very will if a person speaks loud, loud can almost hear even word—about six o'clock I heard most violent language between the prisoner and his mother, for nearly an hour—he appeared to be requiring her to do something—I heard his steps distinct;, as he walked the room, and heard him say, "will you do it' what are you looking for?" and he swnoe yet more violently, and said, "Don't aggravate me, or I will knock you down"—he swore in a most violent manner for some time, and then was quiet some time, and then I heard a heavy noise; groans followed.





THOMAS BURLING
 I am the prisoner's brother-in-law. I was called to the house, and found the deceased sitting on the floor with her arm over a chair and table—I asked if she had hurt herself—she said she had hurt her arm—the prisoner was by the fire-place—I asked him when she had hurt herself—he said her arm was hurt—I told the prisoner I should carry her into my house—he said, "Then take her altogether, and keep her"—I took her, and kept her till next night—she slept with my wife.





SARAH WALPOLE
. I recollect the prisoner coming to the house that night—he said, "Mother, will you comein? '"—she did not offer to come—he pushed her, and she stumbled over a chair, and fell—he did not use the least violence—she went to her own house—the prisoner was very much in liquor—I have been to see him in prison—I have not kept company with him.





JAMES THOMAS
-Vallance. I am a surgeon, of Stratford, and have known the deceased some years. I had seen her five or six days previous—her health was bad—she had diseased lungs, and general infirmity, being eighty years of age—I did not see her between the Monday and Wednesday, but received the coroner's warrant to makes post mortem examination—her lungs were thoroughly disorganized, but the left fourth rib was fractured, which would be calculated to accelerate her death—I cannot say that it did, because the rib hid not penetrated the chest, and there were other diseases—if she had been thrown down once or twice on the ground, it would be calculated to accelerate death—the fracture was recent; not of five days' standing.

Prisoner Defence. I kep ta very good home for my mother; I never ill-used her in my life; if I wanted to get rid of her, I could; I could have put her in the Union; she fell off two chairs a fortnight before.




GUILTY
. Aged 37.—


Transported for Seven Years.

