



1690. 




CHARLES FISHER



, feloniously assaulting 



Frederick Isaacson, and stealing from his person I half-crown; his money.






FREDERICK ISAACSON
. I live at 9, Seymour-row. On the night of 15th June I was at the Crown and Anchor, Drummond-street—I do not recollect seeing the prisoner—I had been dining with some friends—I went out towards home—I was not drunk, but between tipsy and sober—I had some half-crowns and shillings loose in my waistcoat-pocket—the prisoner pushed me down, put his hand in my pocket, and took out half-a-crown.

Prisoner. Q. Did not I pick it up and offer it you? A. No.





JOHN ROWE
. I live in George-street, Hampstead-road. On 15th June, a

little, before nine o'clock at night, I was in the tap-room of the Crown and Anchor—Isaacson came in, and had a pint of ale—he was three-parts drunk he pulled a handful of silver out of his left pocket—I saw several half-crowns—the prisoner was there, and never look his eye off him—he followed him out—I had suspicions, went out, and saw the prisoner put his shoulder under Isaacson's shoulder, and throw him down; he fell on his side, and his head against a door—I went up, and found the prisoner with his left hand in Isaaeson's pocket; I pulled it out, it was closed—I said, "What have you got bere, drop it;" he struck me in the face—Isaacson called "Help!"—Morris came up, and we held the prisoner till a policeman came.





JAMES MORRIS
. On 15th June, in the evening, I was at the Crown and Anchor; the prisoner was there—Mr. Isaacson came in—I saw him leave—the prisoner left not half a minute afterwards—I followed, and saw the prisoner knock the old man down—I saw Rowe take something from his hand—we held him till a policeman came.





GEORGE COOPER
 (policeman.) I received information, and found the prisoner in Rowe's custody, who said he saw him take half-a-crown from Isaacson's pocket—the prisoner said, "I have done nothing"—at the station he said he went to help him up—Isaacson was sitting in a doorway—he was drunk.

Prisoner's Defence. Isaacson fell down, and half-a-crown fell from his pocket; I picked it up, and was going to assist him up, when the man took me; my hand was not in his pocket.




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Tears.


Before Mr. Baron Parke.

