




1101. 




JAMES ELKINS
 and 




ROBERT BURKE
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 pair of sheets, value 5s., the goods of 



Philip Brewer; and that Burke had been before convicted of felony.






MARY WOODYER
. I am in the service of Colonel Philip Brewer, of Pem-broke-square, Kensington. I had a pair of sheets of his on the line to dry on the 13th of April—I missed them at a quarter past nine o'clock—these are them.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLOR. Q. Are they marked? A. No—I know them by being my young mistress's work—I saw her hemming them—I can swear to them by the needle-work, and I have another sheet of the same piece of sheeting—the same person hemmed them both—I should be able to pick out a handkerchief of her hemming from two or three dozen others—I saw these sheets safe between six and seven o'clock, and missed them at a quarter past nine.

COURT. Q. Do the sheets correspond in fineness and size, and in every other respect? A. Yes.





AMELIA FROUD
. At a quarter past eight o'clock in the evening, on the 18th of April, I saw the two prisoners coming up Pembroke-square together—they turned down the back of the square.

Cross-examined. Q. How far was that from the prosecutor's? A. It

might be twenty yards—it was rather dark—there were gas-lights—they passed me, and I passed them—these sheets were in the garden, which is inclosed with high walls—the prosecutor's house is in a row—the backs of all those houses look down on the garden—the prisoners were in light-coloured dresses, and had caps on—I can swear they are the persons.





WILLIAM TRIGGS
 (police-constable T 96.) About ten minutes to nine o'clock that night I saw the two prisoners in a lane leading to Pembroke-square—I saw something white in Burke's arms—as I approached them Elkins ran away, but I could see plainly who he was—Burke dropped these sheets, and ran about thirty yards before I caught him.





HENRY MOUNT
 (police-constable T 29.) I produce a certificate of Burke's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted 8th May, 1843, and confined two months)—he is the person.

ELKINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

BURKE—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.





Transported for Seven Years.

