



535. 




JOHANNA TURNER
was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
26th of December, 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; 1 tobacco-box, value 6d.; and 3 shillings; the property of 



James Robinson, from his person.






JAMES ROBINSON.
I am a shipwright, and live in Copperas-lane, Deptford. On the evening of the 26th of December, I went to the Walter

Arms public-house, Flood-street, Deptford, between four and five o'clock—I fell asleep in the tap-room, till between seven and eight o'clock, having been at work very hard, and having had a little liquor besides—on awaking, about eight o'clock, I missed a black silk handkerchief, which I had previously worn round my neck, also a tobacco-box from my waistcoat pocket, and 3s. in silver—my attention was called to the prisoner by Ann Cowell, and in consequence of what she said, I said to her, "Give me my property"—she denied having seen it, and I was ill-used and beaten about and struck by the men and women there—I went out, got a policeman, and gave the prisoner into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. Was the landlord present when you were struck? A. I did not see him—there was no one there belonging to the house, to my knowledge—there were people in the bar, which is no great distance from the tap-room—if I had called out they could have heard me—I was two or three hours in the public-house—there were about twelve or fourteen persons there when I fell asleep—I cannot tell how long I was asleep—I think it was about three-quarters of an hour—the policeman who took the prisoner is not here—I do not know why—he was before the Magistrate—I did not give the prisoner any thing to drink after I was told she had robbed me—I do not remember borrowing 2d. to get some drink—I was more fatigued than in liquor—I had hardly time to look round me before I was knocked down.





ANN COWELL.
I am the wife of William Cowell, and live in Floodstreet, Deptford. On the 26th of December, about six o'clock, I was in the tap-room of the Walter Arms public-house, with my husband—I saw the prisoner there, and the prosecutor asleep—I was close by him—he was asleep some time—while he was asleep I saw the prisoner take a handkerchief from his neck, and a tobacco-box out of his pocket—when he awoke he said, "Ann Cowell, do you know any thing about my being robbed? "—I said, "Yes, " the young woman that sat alongside of him had robbed him of his handkerchief and tobacco-box, and had put the handkerchief alongside of him—I got ill-used, and got a black eye, from their companions—I was afraid to interfere before the prosecutor awoke, she had so many on her side.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you not say before the Magistrate, that you should have given information but were afraid of being ill-used by the bad characters that were with her? A. And that is what I say now—they were drinking with her—I bear a good character.

Q. Have you ever been charged with any thing? A. That has nothing to do with this—nobody can come forward to say so—I was not tried and convicted of felony, and had three months imprisonment at Maidstone—I was never in trouble at all.

Q. Were you not tried at Maidstone, convicted, and sentenced to six months imprisonment, and suffered it? A. Has that any thing to do with this?

Q. Do you mean to swear you were not? A. No, I do not mean to swear it—I did not come here about that—I came to speak the truth, and nothing but the truth, and that is the truth, I saw the prisoner take the handkerchief—I have known the prosecutor a good bit—we were girl and boy together—he is married, and has two children, I think—I never said I would swear black was white for him—I never said any thing of that sort to the landlady of the house—I never exchanged three words with

the landlady—I remained in the room till the prosecutor awoke, and till the policeman came, and took her—the policeman came about twenty minutes after seven o'clock—it was not ten o'clock before any account was given to a policeman—it was past eight o'clock at the prisoner was going to the station-house—I saw her take the handkerchief from the prosecutor's neck, and the tobacco-box from his pocket—I do not know what she did with it—she did not remain all the time—she went out—she was not there at the time he awoke—she went out for about twenty minutes, and came in again—he then asked where his property was, and he was knocked down and ill-used by the young men who were with the prisoner-she came in almost directly after I told him who it was—I was struck, and my husband also—all three of us were ill-used.





WILLIAM COWELL.
I live in Flood-street, Deptford, and am a labourer, I was with my wife at the Walter Arms public-house on the 26th of December, and saw the prisoner there—I saw her take the tobacco-box out of the prosecutor's left pocket as she sat in the box, and this silk handkerchief off his neck—she dropped it down on the left hand side of him—she then went away for about three-quarters of an hour—when the prosecutor awoke, he came to my wife, and inquired if she had seen his handkerchief or seen any one rob him—she said, "Yes, " she saw the young woman—the prisoner must have been in the house at the time, for no sooner had my wife spoken the word than she was knocked down by the prisoner's confederates—I got my arms round her neck, to try to keep them from striking her—a young man struck over her, and struck me in the eye, and I had it black three or four day—he kicked me in the side, which I felt greatly afterwards.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you get your living? A. I work for the Greenwich Union, at the New Union workhouse—I have worked for them seven weeks—last Saturday was the last time I did any work there—before that I worked for seven years in the Phoenix gas-works, Greenwich—I left them through a few words between the superintendent and me concerning the fires—I have a written character with me which I received from there when I left—(producing it)—it is signed by the superintendent—I left on the 18th of October, 1839—my wife also got a black eye from a young man named Richfield—he was apprehended, and had to pay 11s. 6d. for it.





JAMES ROBINSON

re-examined. The money was in my pocket—I cannot say whether it was in the box, or in the same, or a different pocket.




GUILTY.* Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years


Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
