





367. 




JAMES NORMAN,


 ELIZABETH JAMES
, and 



SUSANNAH JAMES
, were indicted for

stealing on the 
2nd of Dec, at 
St. Marylebone, 1 cloak, value 1l. 10s.; 1 looking-glass and stand, 15s.; 1 sheet, 4s.; 2 pictures, 6s.; 1 quilt, 2s.; 2 pillow-cases, 1s.; 3 table-cloths, 5s.; 3 brushes, 6s.; 12 napkins, 10s.; 1 knife, 6d.; 1 fork, 6d.; 6 towels, 3s.; 1 scarf, 10s.; 1 boa, 10s.; 3 shawls, 15s.; 1 ring, 4s.; 1 buckle, 2s.; 2 brooches, 6s.; 1 tooth-pick, 1s.; 2 boxes, 10s.; 4 necklaces, 13s.; 1 coffee-pot, 4s.; 1 blanket, 6s.; and 1 pair of cuffs, 3s.; the goods of 



Jeremiah Gibson, in his dwelling-house.






ANN GEORGIANA GIBSON
. I am the wife of Jeremiah Gibson, of 14, Union-street,

Lisson-grove, in the parish of St. Marylebone. On the 26th of Nov. the two female prisoners came to the house and took a furnished room-Susannah represented herself as the sister of Elizabeth, in her presence, and wrote her name down as Mrs. Norman, under the direction she gave as a reference—she said her husband was a fishmonger, working at Tottenham-court-road—the male prisoner came in the evening—my husband told him he understood the room was taken for himself and wife only—he said Susannah was a servant out of place, and would be backwards and forwards a great deal—he said he would pay the rent every Wednesday—they came in that night, and left in a week, without notice or paying the rent—we had the door opened next morning—I found all the drawers broken open which I bad left my things in, and the clothes gone—I missed the articles stated in the indictment—they were worth about 11l. altogether.





MORRIS ABRAHAMS
. I keep a coffee shop in Russell-court, Drury-lane, and have a house in Red-Lion-court, which I let in lodgings-the prisoner, Norman, took a furnished room there, and afterwards brought one of the female prisoners there—I do not know which—I required a week's rent in advance—he said he had not the money, and would sell his old woman's cloak, would I buy it—he brought it to the coffee shop—I offered him 12s. for it—he would not let it go under 18s., which I gave him—I could not spare the money, and my wife pawned it for 1l.—I gave him 16s., deducting the rent—I afterwards went and found the three prisoners in the lodging—Norman produced a looking-glass and blanket, which I bought of him—when he sold the cloak he said he had bought it for his old woman two months ago, for two guineas—he showed me some beads and other articles—he left a jewel-case on a chest of drawers in my parlour—I bought a tooth-pick of him, which I gave the constable, with the duplicates of the glass and cloak—I gave information when I heard they were apprehended, thinking the things might have been stolen—Elizabeth was in the room when I bought the things.

MRS. GIBSON. This is my cloak, and this glass, tooth-pick, and jewel-case.





JAMES WEEDON
. I live with a pawnbroker in Brydges-street—this cloak was pawned for 20s. by Mrs. Abrahams, in her own name.





JAMES MONDAY
. I produce a swing looking-glass, pawned for 6s., in the name of Newton, by Sidwell, who is in Abrahams' employ.





MORRIS ABRAHAMS

re-examined. I sent my waiter to pawn it, being short of money—I believe he is in the habit of pawning in that name.





JOHN GRANGER
 (policeman.) I apprehended Norman and Elizabeth James in Red Lion-court, and told them it was for a robbery at Union-street—Elizabeth said, "Oh my God, is Sue taken?"—I went up stairs and found Norman—I called him Norman—he said that was not his name—Elizabeth said, "Jem you had better get up"—I said I had come to apprehend him for this robbery—he made no reply, but dressed—he said it was a bad job—he then said he had had one trip to sea, and should go again at her Majesty's expense, and said, "Keep your heart up old girl, don't be down in your luck, and let us pray"—I went next morning and took Susannah, in White Horse-yard—I told her the charge—she said, "This comes of having to do with a thief," and denied having done anything herself—I have found a blanket in pawn since this examination—I got the duplicate of it from Abrahams.





JAMES MONDAY

re-examined. This blanket was pawned at our house the same night as the glass, by the same young man.

NORMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.


ELIZABETH JAMES


SUSANNAH JAMES





NOT GUILTY
.
