



1001. 




CHARLES LEDGER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of Feb., 1 leaden pipe, value 3d., and 1 metal cock, 4d. the goods of 



John Irwin, and fixed to a building; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ANGELO IRWIN
. I live with my father, John Irwin, who keeps the Anchor and Hope beer shop in Spencer-street, St. George's. On the 6th of Feb. I saw the prisoner with a person in the tap-room at my father's—they came about twelve o'clock, and stopped till nearly three—I then missed the prisoner, and did not see him any more—after that James Beard came and spoke to me—I lifted up the window and saw that the brass cock was broken off from the pipe that runs from the kitchen up the wall, and to the butt—the cock was not broken, but I saw the the pipe without it—I have never seen the cock since—it was my father's property—I had seen it attached to the pipe the same morning.





JAMES BEARD
. I am a shoemaker. I was at the Anchor and Hope on the 6th of Feb.—I went through the house, to go into the yard, about half-past two o'clock—while I was in the water-closet, in the yard, I saw the prisoner come to the water-cock—he lifted his hand up and down, and broke the tap off, the pipe, and the brass cock with it—he placed it under the frock he had on, and walked right through the house—I did not see where he went to—I gave notice of it.

Prisoner. You stated before that you saw me looking at the clock? Witness. You certainly turned your eye and looked as you were going through.





JAMES MALIN
 (police-constable K 99.) I took the prisoner, in Ratcliffe-highway, on the 10th of Feb.


Prisoner's Defence. I had been to the docks, and could not get any employment; I met with two men, we went to this house, and played at bagatelle; I had occasion to go into the yard; Beard came before me, and walked through the house, he was talking to the landlady, and I looked up to see what time it was; if I had been guilty there was plenty of time to give me in charge.





THOMAS JONES
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person—I was at that time an officer—I took him, and he had been convicted before that.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.

