



648. 



MARK SALOM
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of January, 9 shirts, value 1l. 15s., and 3 pair of socks, value 2s., the goods of 



Charles George Ladensach.






GEORGE HANCOCK
. I am shopman to Charles George Ladensach, a linen-draper in the Minories. On Wednesday, the 6th of January, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came and asked for some shirts at 4s. each, the same he had had some of before—he was showed some at that price by Reeve, another shopman, which he did not like—he was then shown some at 4s. 6d., of which he chose six—they were put apart for him—he then asked for some fancy shirts at 2s. 9d., the same as he had had before, he said, as they had worn so well, he would give Mr. Ladensach a turn again—he had not had any before to my knowledge—someof that sort were shown him—he chose three, which were put apart for him—he then asked for some fancy socks, and selected three pairs—he ordered them all to be sent to No. 6, in the Crescent, in the Minories, the bill to be sent with them, and he would pay for them there—he gave his name as Porter—Reeve wrote it down Potter, in mistake—the prisoner said it was of no consequence, they were to be sent within ten minutes or he should be out—he alluded to a party who we had served in the spring, who went out on board the Napoleon to Swan river; and he said since then he (the prisoner) had been to St. Jean d'Acre, and was wounded in three places—he pointed to three places, and a scar on his chin was one—he has such a scar—I can recognise it now—he bad not mustaches then—his bill came to 1l. 17s. 7 1/2 d.—I carried the goods home according to his direction, and took the bill with them—I inquired for Mr. Porter—I saw the servant, Mary Martin—she showed me into the back parlour, where I found the prisoner sitting—I laid the goods on the table, and gave him the bill—he then said he wanted some more of the coloured shirts, but the price was a long price for them—he would give me 2s. 6d. for some more—Itold him he could have some at that price, but not that quality—at last he said he would take three more at 2s. 9d. each, which he requested me to add to the bill—I did so, gave him the bill back again, and waited for the money—he said he would pay me when I brought the others, and I was to be back in five minutes, or he should be out—I left the goods there,

and went for the other shirts—I was gone about three minutes—when I returned with them I found neither the prisoner, the parcel, nor the bill—I was to have had the money or bring back the goods—I had no directions, but it is the rule of our business not to leave any thing without the money—ours is a ready money business—I left the first parcel without the money on being sent back for three more, and being told not to be gone longer than five minutes.

Cross-examined by
MR. LUCAS. Q. Were you the person that served? A. No, Reeve did—he is not here—there was no one serving but he and I—I was close to him part of the time—I was serving other customers, but I was referred to about the goods, which were shown to the prisoner, and heard every word that was said—I have the management of the shirts—Reevemade out the bill, and I examined it—Mr. Potter's name was at the bottom of it—there was no name at the top—I gave the prisoner the bill at the house after adding the three shirts to it—I saw no more of him till he was at Lambeth-street police-office—my master never gives any credit—I have been three years in the employ, and never left a single article with strangers without receiving the money—we had never seen the prisoner before to our knowledge—Reeve, I believe, could not swear positively to the prisoner—I was not present when he was at the police-court.

MR. RYLAND. Q. Have you any doubt about the prisoner? A. Not the least—I swear positively to him, because I had some conversation with him in the room when I took the goods.





MARY MARTIN
. I am single. I was living with Miss Quinlan, No. 6, Crescent, Minories—On Wednesday, the 6th of January, about noon, the prisoner came and asked what apartments we had to let—I showed them to him, and he agreed for the back-parlour and third floor bed-room—my mistress was not in at the time, and I did not ask him for any reference—he wrote something on a piece of paper, which my mistress afterwards gave to the policeman in my presence—this is it—"Mr. Porter, 2nd officer, barque Bolena"—the prisoner said he would go and order his luggage to be brought, and he would return and wait for it—he left, and came back in about half or three-quarters of an hour, and was shown into the back-parlour—after he had been there some time Hancock called with a parcel—heasked for Mr. Porter—(the prisoner had told me his name was Porter)—I showed him into the back-parlour where the prisoner was—Idid not go in—he was there about ten minutes, but I cannot exactly say—Idid not see Hancock go away—about ten minutes after I let him in the prisoner came to the top of the kitchen stairs, called to me, and said, "When that young man comes back say I shall be home in five minutes"—he then went out—I went to the front parlour-window, and saw him crossing the Crescent with a parcel under his arm—I did not look at the parcel which Hancock brought, and cannot say whether it was that—I went into the back-parlour after the prisoner had gone, and there was no parcel there then—he never came back.




GUILTY
. 


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
