



1228. 




WILLIAM SINDEN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of March, 2 cushions, value 10s.; and 2 horse-cloths, value 8s.; the goods of 



Henry Joseph Bardell, and that he had been before convicted of felony






JOSEPH HENRY BARDBLL
. I live in Gress-street, Rathbone-place. I lost two horse-cloths and two stanhope cushions on the 14th of March—these are them—they are mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Do you know a person named Melborough? A. No—I have no customer of that name—I am a stable-keeper in a large way of business—mine are not livery and but stables.





WILLIAM MITCHELL
. I am in the prosecutor's service. These cushions and horse-cloths were safe in the stable on Monday evening, the 14th of March—I missed them on Tuesday morning, the 15th—as I was coming home, about twenty minutes to nine o'clock, two persons passed me—one had a cloth or cloths, and the other a bag—I believe the prisoner to be the one that had the cloths—I thought it looked like my master's property, but I had no suspicion at the time, or I should have stopped them.

Cross-examined. Q. You are not sure it was the prisoner? A. I will not swear to him—I have had no talk to the policeman about the prisoner—I have said a few words about him—the policeman did not bring him to me—I saw him first at Clerkenwell-office—I saw the policeman before that—the policeman told me he had got some one up on this charge—I described him to the policeman first—I said he had a brown fustian coat on, a cap, and that he was a smallish man.





JOHN COLLEY
. I am a policeman. I produce the cloths and cushions—at a quarter to nine o'clock, on the 14th of March, I stopped the prisoner carrying them in a sack in Tavistock-street, Bedford-square—I asked him what he had got in the sack—he said they were some cushions begning to Mr. Melborough—Mrs. Melborough keeps a noted brother in

George-street, and her son is the proprietor of a cab—I accompanied the prisoner to Mr. Melborough's, and saw a man who I believe to be Melborough's servant—on seeing him the prisoner said,"Jem, are not these your cushions?"—he said, "I know nothing of the articles."

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know Melborough? A. I do not—his mother's house bears the character of a noted brothel—I cannot swear that it is so—it is close to the station—I have seen Mrs. Melborough at that house—I know her son keeps a cab, because I have seen it standing at the door—I bare asked who it belongs to, and they said, "To Mr. Melborough"—I cannot swear to the number of the cab—I did not go to Mitchell after I had taken the prisoner into custody—I did not see him till he came before I the Magistrate—I did not have any talk with him till after the prisoner was examined—I do not think I had any conversation with him until a few days after the prisoner was examined—I cannot positively say he had seen the prisoner at that time—I had no conversation with him till after be bad seen the prisoner.





WILLIAM MITCHELL

re-examined. I saw the policeman the same morning—not before I was examined—I did not see him before I had seen the prisoner—I saw him with the prisoner—I described the prisoner by the colour of his coat—I saw the policeman at the police-office, when I described the prisoner—I cannot positively say whether it was before or lifter the examination—I described him to the policeman because he tasked me—they had got him then—I cannot say whether I had been examined—the policeman did not come to me before I went to the office—I saw him at the office—I do not think I described the prisoner to him before I saw him at the office—I have not said that I did—I gave the policeman the description of him when I saw him at the office.





HILL BECK
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you the officer in the case? A. Yes—I heard him tried, and heard judgment passed on him.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
