



2145. 




JOHN CHANDLER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
7th of August, 1 sack, value 18d., the goods of 



William Duck: 1 coat, value 1l. 18s.; 1 waistcoat, value 12s.,; 1 pair of trowsers, value 10s.; 1 shirt, value 2s. 6d.; 1 pair of shoes, value 6s.; 1 handkerchief, value 5s.; 3 pence and 12 halfpence, the property of 



William Wright; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN WRIGHT
. I am a chimney-sweeper, and live with my master in Great Portland-street. The prisoner came on the 7th of August, and wanted my master to hire him—he went down stairs for five or ten minutes—my box was there, locked, and my things in it—when I went down I found the box broken open, and my things gone—no one could have taken them but the prisoner—I had seen it safe just before—I have never seen my coat since—this shirt, now produced, is mine, and was among the things I lost—this sack is my master's, William Duck.





GEORGE JOHN RESTIEAUX
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner from a description, on the 8th of August, at No. 1, Canada-court, St. Giles'—I asked if his name was John Chandler—he said no—I said I wanted him for the robbery at No. 2, Great Portland-street—I took him to the station—seeing he had two shirts on, I asked whose one this was—he said it was his own—I took it from him, went to his room, and there found this soot-sack—I asked if it was his—he said yes.





FREDERICK HESELTON
. I am a sweep. I was at home when the prisoner came there—he came down and spoke to me—I said it was not a proper time in the morning to come for a place—he said he was hungry, and I gave him some meat—he was down stairs about ten minutes—the prosecutor afterwards found his box broken open—I found the prisoner's cap and shoes left by the side of the box.

Prisoner. I know nothing about the cap and shoes.





JONATHAN WHICHER
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.
