





2173. 



JAMES BROWN,


 JOHN MASON
, and 



THOMAS COLE
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Naylor and another, about the hour of one in the night, on the 
13th of June, at 
Christ-church, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 1000 yards of silk, value 130l.; 300 handkerchiefs, value 25l.; 150 collars, value 6l.; 800 yards of ribbon, value 10l.; 12 scarfs, value 3l.; 6 shawls, value 2l. 8s.; and 30 yards of a certain cloth called mouselin-de-laine, value 2l. 8s.; the goods, of the said John Naylor and mother.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN NAYLOR
. I am partner with Mr. Matthew Flint—we carry on business as mercers, at No. 63, Blackfriars-road, in the parish of Christ-church—it is our dwelling-house—we have no back-entrance, but our premises reach to the back of the premises which face Collingwood-street—Mr. Davies's premises are in Collingwood-street, and our premises abut on Mr. Davies's—on the night of the 13th of June I left my premises all secure by locking the door and taking the key to my bed-room—next morning, about half-past six, I received some information from my maid-servant—I went down stairs very quickly—there is a door which leads from the house-part of my premises to the shop—I had seen that door secure before I went to bed, fastened by a lock, and in the morning I found that door was broken open—the box of the lock appeared to have been forced—very many things in the shop were in confusion, and I missed silks, ribbons, handkerchiefs, and dresses, and a number of other things—the value of all the property missing was from 180l. to 200l.—there is a door by which we can go from the back part of our house into the yard—I found that door open—it had been opened from the inside—there is a window looking into the back yard—that had been up at night, and was down in the morning—there is no fastening to it—I know it was pushed full up the night before, when I locked the back door—on going into the yard I found a rope ladder, which was attached at top to my neighbour's rafters, and at the bottom attached to my dust-bin by some gimlets, and at the foot of that ladder there was a quantity of papers,

which had covered my silks and goods the night before—there were two pieces of wood to the ladder to keep the ropes apart—a person could go by that to Mr. Davies's, across a roof, and get into his yard, and then through a door into Collingwood-street, without going through any house.





CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
 (police-constable L 31.) On Tuesday morning, the 14th of June, I went to the prosecutor's premises, and saw the rope-ladder in the yard—this is it—I should think it is fourteen or fifteen feet long—it was placed up against Mr. Davies's premises, which adjoin Mr. Naylor's yard, and from Mr. Davies's yard you could get to Collingwood-street—I received information, and went into the New Cut—I saw Brown and Mason, and another person in a cab, and Cole was driving it—I assisted another officer to take them to the Tower-street station—the other man has since been discharged—on the following morning, (Wednesday,) in consequence of information, I went with Cuddy to No. 19, Wellington-place—Cuddy there took possession of a number of pieces of wood which were in a cupboard down stairs, and some clothes from a drawer—a woman who called herself Mrs. Brown, was there—I did not know her personally—I afterwards saw her at the examination as Mrs. Brown—Brown knew her—she came to the office while he was in costody—three of the witnesses were asked if they knew her—I do not know that she spoke to Brown—Brown claimed the clothes that were found in the drawer, as his, at one of the examinations.

Q. When you were at the house, did you go up and search the upstairs room? A. I did—I found a cupboard there which had two shelves deficient, and in a crevice, which it appeared as if one of the shelves had been pulled from, I found a small crow-bar and a centre-bit—I found some pieces of rope on the floor in the room—I went afterwards to the prosecutor's premises, and found a mark on a drawer which had been broken open, in the shop, and the mark on the drawer exactly fitted the crow-bar found in Wellington-place—the old rope which the bottom part of the rope ladder was made of, exactly corresponds with part of the rope which I found at Wellington-place, and I found one piece in the room, which is about the same length as the steps of the ladder, and is of the same sort of rope—I saw Cuddy take some pieces of wood from the bottom of the house, and I compared them with the pieces which were found in the prosecutor's yard, which had been used as stretchers for the ladder—these are them—here are thirteen pieces taken from the house, and the two used as stretchers for the ladder—they just fit, and when put together they make a board about the length of the shelves of the cupboard, but not quite so wide—there appears to be something gone from the outside.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What was the day you say the two men were in the cab Cole was driving? A. On Tuesday morning, the 14th of June—Brown and Mason were taken into custody—it was a dark-bodied cab—Cole drove to the station—he was allowed to go at liberty on a promise to come up on the ensuing Friday—he came as he had promised, and was bailed by the Magistrate—I saw nothing in his conduct from first to last at all inconsistent with the conduct of an innocent man.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were you ever at this house in Wellington-place before? A. I was not—I have no further means of

knowing that Brown ever lived there, than that the woman called herself Mrs. Brown.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did you not see tome clothes there which were claimed by Brown? A. Yes.





JAMES CUDDY
 (police-constable L 20.) I know the prisoner Brown—I knew him in the early part of June, he was then living at No. 17, Ann's-place, Tower-street—I went to Wellington-place, and saw a woman calling herself Mrs. Brown—I had never seen any woman but her with Brown in Ann's-place, except for a short time—she was living with Brown as his wife—she and Brown then went by the name of Goodman—I saw Brown then several times—I only knew him by the name which the collector of rents told me he went by—on the 6th of June, I saw a cart and some goods at the house in Ann's-place, as if somebody was removing—Lot Fletcher was acting as carman, and there was an old man putting the things into the cart—I had not seen that old man before—he was at the examination of Brown—I did not see anything pass between this man and Brown at the examination—the man answered to the name of Brown—I saw Brown on the day the goods were being removed from Ann's-place, be was inside the house, getting the goods out—I afterwards saw some goods at the house, No. 19, Wellington-place—I believe them to be the same goods which had been in the house at Ann's-place, and the same woman whom I had seen in Ann's-place, I saw in Wellington-place—I went with Goff to the house in Wellington-place, on the 15th of June—I took from there thirteen pieces of wood, and they were compared with the pieces that were with the ladder—I found some pieces of rope at the house in Wellington-place, but I do not think they were the same as the ladder, but some that Goff found were—I found some clothes there and under the collar of a coat there, I found the name of Brown written on a bit of paper—Brown afterwards claimed those clothes.





JAMES BROOK
 (police-constable L 118.) On the morning of the 14th of June, about half-past nine o'clock, I saw Brown, Mason, and another person, in a cab in Blackfriart-road, and Cole was driving it—the three persons inside were taken into custody, and Cole drove to the station—Cole told me be took the prisoners up at the coach stand at Fleetditch, and drove them to the City-road-bridge, that they got out, went op a street, and were away about ten minutes, that they then got in, and desired him to drive to the Elephant and Castle—be was driving towards there when I saw him.

MR. NAYLOR
re-examined, I have brought one of the drawers from my shop, and the crow-bar produced by the officer exactly fits the mark on the drawer—it had been locked on the over night, and has been broken open, apparently with this bar.





ELIZA WILLETTS
. I live in Isabel-street—my premises are opposite Mr. Davies's, in Collingwood-street—my front window looks on Davies's premises. On the night of the 13th of June I slept with my window up—about five minutes to three o'clock, on the morning of Tuesday, the 14th of June, I was awoke by a noise—I looked out of window, and saw a cab standing at Mr. Davies's door—I saw Cole, who was the cab-man, putting in a parcel—it seemed to me that the cab was so full there was not sufficient room for the parcel, and it required a good deal of force to get it in—I saw Mason seating himself on the cab-box—I have not the least doubt about him—the cab-man then got up, and drove off with great speed—I

looked at the cab for about two minutes—it was very quickly done—I then saw three men walk out at Mr. Davies's door, which leads to a yard which is connected with Mr. Naylor's back premises—two of them walked on first, and the third man, which was Brown, stopped to shut the gate after him—when he had shut it he brushed the side of his trowsers, and looked up at me—I believe he saw me—he went on after the others—when be got some distance up Collingwood-street, towards Great Charlotte-street, he turned round, and looked again—I then had an opportunity of string his face—I have no doubt about his being the man—I have no doubt about Mason or Cole.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you ever seen Cole before that? A. No—the cab was a yellow-coloured body.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had you ever seen the person you say was Brown before? A. No.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you ever see Mason before? A. No—I was examined on the following Friday—I mentioned about baring seen these persons—when I first got up a policeman came to me, and I told him—when I went before the Magistrate, the prosecutor did not tell me the persons I came to see would be at the bar directly—I will swear that—I picked them out from a number of persons—there were five persons, and I pointed out Mason and Brown—Cole was not in the dock.





FANNY DUFFELL
. I live in Wellington-place. On Tuesday morning, the 14th of June, I was sitting up with a sick husband—I went to the window just on three o'clock—I heard a noise of a cab—I saw the cab torn round from Wellington-street, which leads from Blackfriars-road into Wellington-place—two men were on the box—the man that drove had a drab coat on—I did not observe their faces—as far as the general appearance goes, the man that drove was much the stature of Cole—they went right against the door-way of No. 19—I heard goods being unloaded from the cab—when they were unloaded, the cab-man and man got on the cab, the drove away with great speed—it appeared as if somebody opened the doer for them when they knocked—I saw a woman at the police-court, called Mrs. Brown—I know she lives at No. 19, Wellington-place—a man named Hunt lives at No. 20, Wellington-place—he has a large family, and has lived there for a very long time—I have lived there since the first week in November, and he was there before I came—the persons living at No. 19 have moved there within a very short time—about a fortnight before this occurred.





MARY ANN LAWRENCE
. I live at No. 31, Wellington-place. On Tuesday afternoon, the 14th of January, between three and four o'clock, I saw a covered cart, with a door behind, come to the door of No. 19, Welington-place—four bundles were put into it—there were two men with the cart—I do not know who they were—a woman that stood inside No. 19 handed the bundles to the man in the cart—the person that lived at No. 19 went by the name of Brown—I afterwards saw Mrs. Brown at the police-office—she was the person that lived at No. 19.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you mean you recognized the woman that came to the police-office as the woman who carried out the bundles? A. No.





CHRISTOPHER BROWN
. I live in Tower-street, Waterloo-road. I saw a woman named Brown at the police-court—I let a house to her at No. 17, Ann's-place—I afterwards received notice to leave from a woman named Goodman—I had some conversation with Brown about nine o'clock

on the 5th of June—he told me he was going to leave, as he was so annoyed with black-beetles.





LOT FLETCHER
. I removed some goods from No, 17, Ann's-place, to No. 19 or 20, Wellington-place—an elderly man employed me—the woman who was at the police-court, by the name of Brown, paid me for moving them.

MR. PHILLIPS
called the following witness on behalf of Cole:—





JOHN RUDEN STEVENS
. I live in Spencer-terrace, Islington. On the 13th of June I engaged Cole to call at my house at a quarter before six o'clock on the morning of the 14th—I went to him at the stand at Islington-green—he had a dark brown cab there—I got up early on the morning of the 14th, and at a quarter to five I saw Cole's brother driving the cab towards his own stables—he passed my house to go there.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. What time did he come to you? A. At a quarter before six, and he drove me to the Spread Eagle, Gracechurch-street—his brother drove me, not the prisoner—I saw the prisoner when I hired his cab in the evening, and saw him at my door when I started in the morning—No, it was the prisoner drove me—I saw the prisoner for the first time when he took me from, my house, and his brother was the man I made the arrangements with about going, but this was the man that took me—they both came to me with the cab that morning—when I saw the cab coming home, as I supposed to change horses, I was surprised not to tee the man whom I had seen with it before—I first saw the prisoner's brother about six in the evening, on the stand, but not the prisoner—I made the agreement with the brother—they came that morning as if they were coming from town to his place—that was about an hoar before it came to me, which was a quarter before six—I was dressing—I tried to speak to the cab men, but could not make them hear—it was a dark brown cab—I am quite sure of that—I might have seen a yellow cab the night before—I took so little notice, I could not tell—I never knew anything of the prisoner before—he lived three or four minutes' walk from me—they told me where they lived—I was not at the police-office.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What are you? A. An underwriter and merchant at Lloyd's—I have no interest respecting Cole, beyond believing him a respectable honest man.





RICHARD WHITE
. I am a plasterer, living in James-street, Lower-road, Islington, next door to Cole; I have known him four or five years. On Monday night, the 13th of June, about eleven o'clock, I was with him at the Northampton Arms, about fifty yards from the house he lives in—I parted with him at his own door—he went in, and I bade him good night—I was up about a quarter past four the next morning—I knocked at his shutter—I generally call him if I am up first—I saw him come out about a quarter of an hour afterwards—he drives a dark-coloured cab.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Where does he live? A. No. 10, James-street—I saw him come out at five minutes to six, to go to his stable, as if he had just come from bed—I had previously called him, and a person up stairs answered me—I saw him go to the stable—he did not come riding home in a cab—I was at the police-court, but was not heard.





SARAH JAMES
. I am the wife of Richard James, and have the first floor in Cole's house, with my husband; I have a sister. On the 13th of June she was at my house from nine till half-past eleven o'clock at night—I went out for some beer at eleven, and saw Cole going into his own

room—I and my husband went part of the way towards Chelsea with my sister after supper—I returned home about two in the morning—I had forgotten the key of the street door—I knocked at the shutter of Cole's apartment—no one answered—I knocked twice at the door—Cole then came to the door, and opened it—I said, "It is only me"—he went to hit own room, and shut the door—I said I would fasten the street door, and I did so after me and my husband—I had tea at home that night—I did not go to bed at all—I had occasion to go for some water in the yard, about three o'clock—I heard one of the children crying, and heard Cole say, "Ann, don't you hear the baby?"—my husband called out to know what noise it was—I told him—Cole asked me what time it was, and I told him—the prisoner is sometimes very deaf—I saw my husband go out to go to Hammersmith—the bottom bolt of the door was bolted as I had left it—Cole has no cab of a yellow colour—I have lived in his house four months.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You do not live in the stable? A. No—I do not know where he keeps his cab—it frequently comes to the house—there is only one cab—Cole drives it by day, and his brother at night—my husband generally goes out at four o'clock, and calls Cole about four—I have seen Cole come home at half-past eight at night, and sometimes as early as five—I was asked to go to the office, but I could not.





RICHARD JAMES
. I went to see my wife's sister home on the night of the 13th—we went as far as Temple-bar—we returned at two o'clock—we knocked at the shutter, and Cole let us in—be asked if my wife would bolt the door—she said yes—he went into his room—my wife bolted the street-door—she did not go to bed—she sat up doing a little washing—I heard her talking about three o'clock—I asked who she was talking to—she said to Mr. Cole—I got up about four, and called Cole about twenty minutes to five—I heard White call him—I never saw Cole drive a yellow cab.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Does his brother? A. I do not know his brother—I only know one to drive a cab—I never heard of the brother driving a cab—I was not at the police-office.





WILLIAM WOODFORD
. I am waterman at the coach-stand opposite Great Portland-street. I know Cole's brother—I saw him on Tuesday morning, the 14th, about twenty minutes past one o'clock, at the rank in—he came up driving a dark-bodied chariot—I put the noseOxford-street bag on the horse, and he went inside to rest—he said he was tired out, and he went in to sleep, and told me to call him at four o'clock—I awoke him at a quarter before four, as I thought he might be too late—he went off about five minutes past four.





JOHN COLE
. I am the prisoner's brother. I remember, on the morning of the 14th of June, going to the stand opposite Great Portland-street, a little after one o'clock—I had a chariot cab with me—I said to Woodford, "Put my bag on, I am very tired, I want to go to sleep; awake me about four"—I went to sleep, and remained till about four; I then got up, pulled my horse off, watered it, and went on towards home—my brother has no yellow cab—he does not go out at night with a cab, and has not for these two years, I am satisfied.





JOHN MANTEL
. I am waterman at the rank at Bridge-street, Blackfriars; it is called the Fleet-ditch rank. On the morning of the 14th of June I saw the prisoner Cole at that stand, about half-past eight o'clock

in the morning—I put three young men into his cab—they were going over the canel bridge, City-road—it was a brown cab.





GEORGE ROBINSON
. I am clerk to Mr. Yardly. I attended at the Magistrate's office on the behalf of Cole—some of the witnesses for the alibi were there, but the Magistrate would not hear them.

BROWN—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Life. MASON and COLE—


NOT GUILTY
.

ADJOURNED TO MONDAY, AUGUST 22 ND, 1842.
