



732. 




THOMAS WALL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of January, 8 boxes, value 2l. 10s.; 2 chests of drawers, value 5l. 10s.; 7 chairs, value 1l. 14s.; 2 tables, value 1l. 10s.; 3 beds, value 9l.; 1 clothes-horse, value 5s.; 1 clock-case, value 2l. 10s.; 1 mattress, value 2l.; 6 knives, value 10s.; 1 tea-pot, value 15s.; 1 basket, value 5s.; 1 looking-glass and frame, value 15s.; 1 saw, value 5s.; 23 spoons, value 5l.; 1 punch-ladle, value 1l. 10s.; 1 cream-jug, value 1l.; 10 blankets, value 5l.; 2 quilts, value 3l.; 4 dishes, value 10s.; 6 plates, value 3s.; 1 hearth-rug, value 10s.; 1 fender, value 9s.; 1 set of fire-irons, value 7s.; 2 tea-trays, value 7s.; 24 towels, value 12s.; 12 table-cloths, value 1l. 16s.; 12 cups, value 3s.; 12 saucers, value 5s.; 1 tea-pot, value 3s.; and 2 basons, value 3s.; the goods of 



Charles Joseph George.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES JOSEPH GEORGE
. I am a cabinet-maker, and live in Smith-street, Birmingham, next door to the prisoner, who is a tailor. Our families were acquainted—he sometimes came to my house, and I sometimes went to his—I am married, and have no children—he is also married, and has one child, which has died since this—on the 30th of December I received a letter, which I have here—I do not know whose hand-writing it is—in consequence of that letter I went to Wolverhampton, which is about twelve miles from Birmingham—I did not find the person I expected, and who I supposed to be the writer of the letter—I went away from home at a little before eight o'clock in the morning, and returned a little after four in the afternoon—I then found almost all my furniture gone, and my wife also—there was nobody in the house—I went into the prisoner's house, and found he was not there—I got information, and between eleven and twelve, that same night, went to Messrs. Pickford's, the carriers, in Birmingham, and found my property there, all packed up, and directed to "Thomas Wood, London, to be left till called for"—I saw articles among them, which I knew to belong to the prisoner—there was a bureau bedstead of his, and a bed of mine inside it, and other things mixed in the same

way—on the following morning I started by the train from Birmingham, and when I got to Hampton, about ten miles from Birmingham, as I got out of the train there, I saw the prisoner just coming down from Hampton with a young man—I collared him and accused him of stealing my property, and running away with my wife—he said he had nothing at all to do with it, and knew nothing about it—I gave him in charge—he was taken before a Magistrate at Birmingham, but having no evidence to support the charge he was dismissed—I then went to the station to stop the property from going to London, but it was gone—I came up to London that evening by the train—I arrived here on the 2nd of January, and went directly to Pick ford's warehouses in the City-road—I found that my goods had all arrived there—I got an officer, and went with him on the Monday morning to Pickford's—I found my goods still there, and while I was inquiring about them my wife came in—I came out soon after, and found the prisoner in a street just outside the warehouse, walking backwards and forwards—I pointed him out to the officer, who took him—I then examined the property at Pickford's, and found the articles stated, which are my property, and other things belonging to the prisoner—a fender and fire-irons of mine were paeked up in a sofa of his—a chair and basket of mine were packed up with two chairs of his—the things were intermixed in that way—the parcels were all directed, "Mr. Thomas Wood, London, to be left till called for"—both his goods and mine—the knives were wrapped in a parcel directed to "Mr. Wall"—I work at my own house in a shop adjoining—some things might have been taken a day or two before and I not miss them.

Prisoner. Q. Do you believe in the book you are sworn on? A. Yes, I do believe in the authenticity of this book—if I belonged to a society, five or six years back, what has that to do with it?—I do not belong to any society now—I never denied the Scriptures in my life—I never said I did not believe God would be so foolish as to entrust a poor weak man to write such nonsense as is in the Bible—when I went into your house, after missing my furniture, I saw your wife, and asked if she knew any thing of my furniture, as the house was nearly stripped—she said she knew nothing at all of it, and she came in, and seemed completely struck—I asked if she knew where my wife was—she said, "She is gone out to tea, I believe"—I went to where I thought she was, but she was not there—I returned, and told her, and then she said she had missed you all day—I asked the Magistrate to remand you till I could seek for evidence to prove you had something to do with it—the Magistrate told me to go into a private room to search my wife, to see if she had any thing in her possession, and when I came out I did not see you again—I understood you were liberated—you were not taken into any room to be searched to my knowledge—you were searched in a room in my presence, but not in a private room—I do not remember seeing any ring—the officer took 2l. 15s. from your pocket, and he said, "Give the poor devil that, that is all he has got," and he gave you the money back—the officer did not come before the Magistrate with the things found on you and ask me to identify them, to my knowledge—nothing was found on you that I identified.
Q. Did not the Magistrate tell you you had better go to Pickford's, and take your goods, and you consented to it, and I was discharged? A. I did not

consent to any thing of the kind—the Magistrate said, "Go to the station, and claim your goods," but they were gone.





HENRY BISP
. I am a carter at Birmingham. On the 31st of December, I went to Mr. George's house with my cart, and got several boxes and goods from there—the prisoner and Mrs. George gave them to me—while the cart was being loaded a policeman went by, and then they shut the door—after he had passed it was opened again, and I was ordered to go on—I took the goods to Taylor's warehouse, in Warwick-street—Mrs. George and the prisoner ordered me there—they were both present—I left them there—the prisoner came there just as I had unloaded the cart, and gave me 4 1/2 d. to get some drink, which he said was all the money he had got—William Taylor and Thomas Hill went with the cart that day—I saw the prisoner put "No. 27" on one of the packages—nobody else was doing any thing with them while I was there—they were afterwards removed in our van to the railway station, to Pickford's warehouses—the prisoner ordered me to take them there, and he gave me 1s. to get some ale—I went to a public-house in Canal-street, and was to wait there till he came to us—I waited about half an hour; he then came with a clothes-horse in his hand, which was put with the rest of the things when they were unloaded at Pickford's—the prisoner told me to take them there, and he asked the clerk when they would go—I believe they said at half-past one o'clock—this was about seven—there were twenty-seven lots numbered, and he asked Pickford's clerk to make a ticket, No. 28, for the clothes-horse—I cannot read, and do not know the direction.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me at Mr. George's that night? A. Yes—the policeman was going by, and either you or Mrs. George slammed the door to—it was Monday or Tuesday night—Mrs. Taylor was in the house at the time, but she did not say any thing to me about it—it was not Mrs. Taylor that shut the door, because she was outside—I recollect putting a box of books into the cart—you helped me in with a package, because Mrs. George was not strong enough—you helped me in with several boxes—you gave me the box of books which tumbled out of the cart—you helped with some, and Mrs. George helped with some others—Mrs. Taylor did not give me the 6d.





WILLIAM TAYLOR
. I live at Birmingham. Some of these things were left at my mother's house a short time—the prisoner helped to load the cart with the goods—I do not remember who fetched the cart—I saw him first at his own house on the Monday night—on the Thursday morning I saw him by the side of the chapel, about half a mile from Mr. George's—he told us to stop till he came and met us—our cart was not loaded then—he asked why we did not bring more help—we had the cart with us—he fetched more help, came back, and told us to go on to Mr. George's house, which we did—he did not go with me—I got the things loaded there, and took them down into our yard—the prisoner afterwards came down there with a clothes-horse—I believe the young roan who helped to load had that—at night the things were taken from my mother's to the station, the prisoner carried the clothes-horse to the station, and asked the book-keeper to make him a ticket for that as high as twenty-eight—there were twenty-seven packages besides the clothes-horse—I have been to Pick-ford's, in the City-road, and seen the twenty-seven packages—the prisoner said in reference to a chest-of drawers, "Please to mind and not

have these scraped, for they are favourites of mine"—I was present when Mr. George saw the goods.

Prisoner. Q. You said at the office you did not see me that morning. A. No, I did not—I saw you by the side of the chapel—you carried the clothes-horse, and walked behind the cart about two hundred yards, and you gave a boy 1s. to get something to drink—we stopped at the public-house—you came there, and said, "Where have you been? I have been looking for you a long time"—you told us to go to the public-house and have something to drink—I have not had any thing given me to tell this tale—I have not been bribed to tell it—nobody has made it up for me—I am sure I heard you say to Pickford's man, "Please make me a ticket for this, No. 28"—I was standing at the top of the stage at the time when you were having the things booked—I am sure you were there at the time—directly you had all the goods booked, you went off saying, "You can go and get something with that sixpence."





JOSEPH HAYES DEAN
. I am clerk at Pickford's railway station at Birmingham. On the 31st of December, at half-past six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to send some goods to London, and asked the freight—I told him 4s. a cwt.—the goods were brought in a wagon—the witness Taylor was with them—the prisoner had a clothes-horse in his hand, and asked me to write a direction to put on it—I told him it would go safe if I entered it—there were twenty-seven other packages, all directed in numbers to Thomas Wood, to wait his order in London—I asked him to pay the carriage—he did not pay me, and they went up unpaid—it is usual to give a receipt for goods sent up—I asked him if he would take a receipt—he said, "Yes"—he came for one—I said I could not give it him till I saw all the goods out of the wagon—he would not wait for that, but started off immediately—I have since seen the twenty-eight packages of goods in London, in Pickford's warehouses—they were sent off by his order—part that night and pan the next.

Prisoner. Q. Did you tell me what time they would go away? A. No.





PENELOPE ATTERBURY
. I live at No. 13, Charlton-place, Islington. On the 2nd of January, the prisoner came to my house accompanied by a female, who I have since ascertained to be the prosecutor's wife—I saw her at the police-office in the presence of her husband—the prisoner and her came to take an apartment—the prisoner spoke principally about it—I had a ready-furnished room to let, which I showed them, and they eventually took it—I asked for a reference—they said they could not give one, but they would pay a week in advance as long as they staid—they came into the room, and lived in it as man and wife—they slept together—there was only one bed in the room—they gave their names as Wilson—they remained there till Monday the 4th—they both went out that day, and he was taken into custody, as I afterwards heard—they slept there Saturday and Sunday.





CHARLES JOSEPH GEORGE

re-examined. A clothes-horse was among the things taken away from my house—I have since seen it at Messrs. Pickford's—I was shown it by Taylor, the wagoner's lad—two chests of drawers were also taken, one of which I made myself—my wife was at the police-court when Mrs. Atterbury was there—it was stated that she was my wife.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
