




1013. 




ANN JAMES



, again indicted for stealing 1 pair of stays, 1 gown, 1 petticoat, and 1 table-cloth, value 11s. 6d.; the goods of 



Benjamin Overton, her master; 1 shawl, 4s.; of 



Ann Naomi Overton; and 2 petticoats, 1 cloak, 1 gown and 2 collars, 10s.; of 



Elizabeth Anderson; and 





ANN CLARK
,

 feloniously receiving the same.






SARAH ALDER.
 I live at Acorn-street, Bishopsgate. James brought me two petticoats, four nightcaps, and other things, thirteen altogether, to mangle, the day before she was taken—she said she would call for them—I gave them to the officer.





JOHN ENWRIGHT
 (City policeman, 647.) I received the articles from Alder—these are them (produced)—I also found these two gowns at Mrs. Chambers, and a petticoat and some ribbons.





ANN CHAMBERS.
 I pointed out the prisoners' room to Enwright, and saw the things found.





WILLIAM EDWARD ARCHBUTT.
 I am a pawnbroker. I produce two petticoats, pawned on 4th Jan.—I cannot say by which of the prisoners, for I know them both—I produce the duplicate.





ROBINSON WEBB
 (City policeman, 658.) I produce the corresponding duplicate—James took it out of her pocket with other things—I said, "Here are two duplicates"—she said, "Yes, they both belong to me; the petticoats are mine; I pledged them"—Clark was wearing this cloak—I found this other duplicate in the purse, which I picked up at her feet.





EDWARD GRAY.
 I produce the corresponding duplicate to this, for the shawl pledged on 24th Nov., in the name of Ann Glover—I do not know the person.






GEORGE FREDERICK LAMBERT.
 I am a pawnbroker. I produce a tablecloth and petticoat, pledged on 3rd Jan., by a woman, in the name of Groves—I have brought the wrong duplicate; but they were compared before, and corresponded.





ROBINSON WEBB

re-examined. I have a duplicate of 3rd Jan., in the name of Groves, for 1s. 6d.—it was in the purse.





JANE ELIZABETH ANDERSON.
 I live at Millwall. I was employed at Mr. Overton's, where James lived—I lost two petticoats, and a gown, collar, and cloak—these are them—one petticoat, is marked with ironmould.





ANN NAOMI OVERTON.
 I live with my father, Benjamin Overton, in Chiswell-street. James came there, as servant, on 20th Nov., and left on 4th Jan. in the morning, before any one was up, unknown to us, and without her wages—I had said my father was coming home—we missed several things, named it to her, and she said she was never in such a house in her life, there was always something missing—Clark, whom she said was her mother, was always coming, and if we went to the door she ran away—these things produced were taken from my mother's bedroom when James lived there—this table-cloth is marked "E O"—I am sure this cloak belonged to Miss Anderson.

James' Defence. There were other people in the house when I left; my mother bought the cloak in Petticoat-lane.

Clark's Defence. The things found were all out own; I bought the cloak.

JAMES—


GUILTY. Aged 24.

CLARK—


GUILTY. Aged 54.





Transported for Seven Years.

(Robinson Webb stated that property had been traced to twenty pownbrokers, and that the prisoners lived by robbing furnished lodgings.)
