






1414. 



PHILIP DAVIS,


 WILLIAM BERRY,


 FREEMAN YALDEN
, and 



THOMAS BERWECK
, were indicted for

feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



George Phillips, on the 
15th of May, at 
Streatham, and stealing therein, 1 watch, value 1l. 15s.; 1 pencil-case, 4s.; 1 cannon, 3d.; and part of a purse, 1d.; his property; and that Davis had been before convicted of felony; to which


DAVIS pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 14.—


Transported for Seven Years.






GEORGE PHILLIPS
. I have a house at Streatham-park. I left the house on Wednesday, the 14th of May, at one o'clock, and locked it up with-out anybody in it—I returned about half-past four o'clock in the afternoon on the next day, and saw an entrance had been made in one part of the window, and an attempt made at another—a pane of glass was taken out of the first floor window to enable a boy to get out, and an attempt hud been made at the back window—there was a stain of blood at the back and front windows, on different parts of the staircase and in different parts of the room there were marks of blood, and on the paling where they

had got over—on entering the house I found it in confusion, boxes broken open, packages opened, and a nest of drawers—among other things, I lost a watch, a metal purse, a toy cannon, and silver pencil-case—they were afterwards produced at the station.

Yalden. About half-past one o'clock the following day Davis asked me and Berry to go to Clapham with him; I went; I was taken next day; the policeman asked me if I had been led into it, but we said we knew nothing about it, be swore before the Magistrate we said we had been led into it, but I never said so; Davis gave me a pencil-case; he said he found it in the road.





ELIZA PHILLIPS
. I am the prosecutor's sister. I saw the house safe about one o'clock on Thursday, the 15th of May, and about half-past four my brother gave me information.





SAMUEL FERRIS
 (policeman.) I know the four prisoners well—on Thursday, the 15th of May, I saw Yalden, Berwick, and Berry in company together, about five o'clock, about one third of a mile from the prosecutor's house.

Beswick. It is false; I was in London at the time. Witness. I am certain of him—I have known them all many years, and at six o'clock in the evening I was on duty about a mile from the place, and he came out of a field to me to attend to a boy who was in a fit—I went with him, and they were all three together then.





EDWARD DUVAL
 (policeman.) I received information that a watch was offered in pawn at Clapham, about half-past two o'clock on Friday, the 16th—I went to the pawnbroker's, and saw the prisoner Davis by the shop—I saw him put the inside of the watch into his pocket—I took him, and asked where he got it—he said his father gave it to him to pawn or sell—I found this cannon in his pocket—I saw the fore-finger of hit right hand very much cut, and the blood dried on it—I examined Mr. Phillips's house, and found marks of blood on the windows.





GEORGE PRICE
. I am a bricklayer, and live at Clapham. I know Beswick—I saw him in company with Davis on Friday, the 16th, about half-past two o'clock—Davis came into Marshall's, the pawnbroker's, and offered the case of a watch in pledge—the pawnbroker said he was not old enough by ten years, and would not take it—he came out, and asked Beswick, who was waiting outside, for the guts of the watch—Berwick gate it him from his pocket—it was the watch now produced.

Beswick. There was a Jew outside wanted to buy it; he gave it to him first, then gave it to me; the Jew wanted to see if it was gold or not.





GEORGE MARGUARD
 (police-constable V 197.) On Friday, the 16th of May, I heard of this robbery, and in consequence of information I went to Tooting, and saw Berwick playing with several boys—I told him I wanted him for being concerned in a robbery at Mr. Phillips's—he said he knew nothing about it, but Davis bad asked him that afternoon to go to Clapham, took him to the pawnbroker's, and gave him the inside of the watch to hold while he went in, that he came out again, and asked him for it—he gave it him—I took him to the station, and found in his pocket this part of a chain purse.

Berwick. I got that honestly; I could have thrown it away, but would not.





EBENEZER FENTOM
. I live at Lower Tooting, and am in the employ of a Mr. Restall, a watchmaker and jeweller. On Friday, the 16th of May, the prisoner Yalden came to our shop with a pencil-case—this is it

—he asked me if it was silver—I said "Yes"—he asked what it was worth—I looked at it, tried it, found it was silver, and told him about 4d.—I took the stone out—it was of no value—I told him he might have it, and asked if he would take 4d. for the silver—he said "Yes," and told it to me—it was whole when he sold it—I gave it to master—it is at silver—I produce part of it.

Yalden. You said it was not all silver. Witness. The whole watim silver, but the shell round it is silver—the inside is always brass—it was in two pieces when I gave it to master—the other part had a little ring round it, which was not silver—I do not know where the other part is.





WILLIAM SELBY EDMET
 (police-constable V 179.) I heard of this robbery, and went to Lower Tooting, and apprehended Yalden and Berry—I took Yalden first, and told him what for—he said he had nothing to do with going into the house, that he waited in the field till they came bad to him—I told him Berwick and Davis were charged with him, and that they were in custody—Berry said he knew nothing about it, he was led into it.

Yalden. He kept asking us along the road if we had anything to do with it; we said we knew nothing about it; we did not know what the charge was; he asked how Davis cut his finger; we said we did not know. Witness. I did not ask about Davis's finger, but after the examination one said to the other, "Davis showed us how he cut his finger when they cant out."

Beswick's Defence. I said I went to Tooting at half-past two, and west to town, and then came down.





GEORGE BERWICK
. The prisoner Berwick is my son—he was at work till one o'clock on the day of the robbery, the 16th, he came home and walked himself, and was at home till twenty minutes past two, then went to town—it was Thursday I am speaking of—it was the day the robbery was committed—it must have been the 17th, for it was Thursday—I cannot exactly say the day of the month—he was taken into custody on the Friday evening—he was at work at a gentleman's house till one o'clock on Thursday, then came home to dinner, and cleaned himself—I did not see him go to town—I did not see him again till about eight o'clock in the evening, when he came home—he went to bed, got up, and went to work on Friday till one o'clock, and went to Tooting to take a newspaper for my son to Mr. Flood—I did not see him again till he was in custody—I live about a mile and half from the prosecutor's.

MR. PHILIPS
re-examined. This is my watch—I know this piece of chain is part of my purse—these small rings were left behind, and they correspond—I am satisfied the chain found on Berwick is part of the purse I lost.

Beswick. These little rings were taken from me as well.

MR. PHILLIPS. These small ring's were left behind in my drawer—I know this cannon—the pencil was complete when I lost it—this other chain which is now attached to the watch, was not on it when I lost it, but I believe was in one of my drawers, but I am not positive of it.

YALDEN, BERWICK, and BERRY—


NOT GUILTY


