




2262. 




WILLIAM HARTRIDGE
 and 




EDWIN HARTRIDGE
 were again indicted for

 stealing 1 watch, value 5l.; 10s., the goods of 



William Sarl and others, the masters of the said William Hartridge.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM BRYAN
. I am in the service of Mr. Attenborough. On the 7th of Sept. I saw the prisoner Edwin in my master's shop offering a gold watch in pledge—in consequence of the address he gave on that occasion, by direction of my employer, I accompanied him on the road to No. 15, Dorset-street,

Clapham—on our arrival within a few yards of that place, he pointed out Dorset-street to me, and said, "That is Dorset-street; I will not trouble you-to go there, I do not wish my friends to know it; but if you will step up the Clapham-road, to my brother's, he will be able to satisfy you"—on arriving within twenty yards of South Lambeth-road he said, "My brother lives near where those boys are playing"—on arriving there I found no houses—a little further on a man was waiting for him—he said, "Well, Bill "—the prisoner said, "Well, Jack "or "Tom, just step up the road, and tell Dick I want him"—I asked who he had sent for—he said only his cousin, and asked me to wait till the man came back—I said I could not stand that, he must go back with roe to Dorset-street—he consented, and as we were turning the corner he said he did not live there, it was all a lie, he never had lived there—we went to Dorset-street—I found he did not live there—I then told him he must consent to go with me back to the shop, or I should give him in charge of the first constable I met—when we were rounding the corner by Newington church I asked him who the watches belonged to—he said one belonged to himself, and the other to his brother; that he had bought them in the City, and they cost 7l.; a-piece—I asked if he could tell me where he had bought them—he said he could not—I took him back to the shop, and asked if he would give me any further information—he said he could not—I then took him to the station.





WILLIAM SARL
. I am a goldsmith and jeweller, in partnership with my father and brothers, in the Poultry, in the parish of St. Mildred the Virgin. I know this watch—I saw it safe on my premises on Friday week last, about eight o'clock in the evening—I left at a quarter-past eight—it was in a glass case on the counter—William was in my service at that time, and Edwin had been so—the watch cost me 5l.; 10s.—in consequence of information I received on Monday, the 9th of Sept. I went to Horsemonger-lane gaol, and there saw Edwin Hartridge in custody—on my return to the shop I found William in the counting-house—the inspector asked him if he knew where his brother was—he said he did not know—William went home every Sunday morning, and returned at seven in the evening—I gave him in charge—he then bunt out crying—he said he knew his brother Edwin had been keeping very bad company lately; that he had allowed him to sleep with him on Friday evening; that he awoke at six o'clock on Saturday morning, and found him behind our counter; that he then went and said to him, looking at the case, "I know you have taken some watches from this case;" he said, "No, I hate not;" he said, "I know you have; you know Mr. Sarl has missed several things lately, and we get blamed for it when you take them;" he then said, "If you don't give up the watches I shall give you in charge;" that his brother denied having any; that he then, as his brother was going out of the door, took him by the coat, and took a gold watch and a silver watch out of his pocket, and kept them in his possession until my coming to town, and that after I had unlocked the case he put them back again—I then said, "How could your brother get at the case?"—he said, "O, Sir, he can do it with a pair of shop scissors"—I said, "What, open this case with a pair of scissors? show me how"—he tried to do it, but could not—there was no mark on the case as if scissors had been applied to it—he then went with the policeman—it is a very unusual thing to have a fire in the room next the shop early in the morning in Sept.—the shop is dark when the shutters are up—it was the business of the witness Batson to come at seven o'clock in the morning—there would not be light enough to see the means of getting at the property as late as seven, without the light of the fire, or a candle.


Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. How are you enabled to fix the time of seeing this watch at eight o'clock on the Friday evening? A. We lock up at eight—we had only two watches on that evening, in that particular case—I went to that case, and am certain I saw it then—it is not merely an impression—Edwin was not present when William made this statement—I did not beforehand tell him it would be better for him to tell all the particulars—I made no promise to him.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Is not William some years younger than Edwin? A. I cannot say—Edwin is the eldest.





JULIUS STAUFFER
. This is one of the watches I sold to Messrs. Sarl, and delivered on the 3rd of July last.





FRANCIS BATSON
. I am in the service of Messrs. Sarl. It was my duty to go to the shop at seven o'clock, and help to open it. On Saturday morning, the 7th of Sept., I went to the shop at a quarter before seven—it was not opened—it was shut up—I knocked at the door—William Hartridge opened it to me—he was dressed all but his coat—I used to call him from his bedon going in there was a very fierce fire in the counting-house stove adjoining the shop—that was not usual.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Does any other person live in the house? A. Yes, up stairs—Mr. William Henry Manners, his wife, three children, and one servant-maid—the boy is twelve or fourteen years old.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Can persons go into the shop from the other part? A. Not without the door being unlocked—there is a door that leads from the shop up stairs out of the passage, that is locked—there is no door kept unlocked—unless that door is unlocked there is no communication between the inmates of the house and the shop.





WILLIAM BRYAN

re-examined. When Edwin was delivered intc custody, he gave the name of Richard Edwards.

MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Are you quite sure it was that, or might you mistake it? A. Yes, I will swear it was Richard Edwards—I have a clear recollection of it.

COURT. Q. What time in the morning of the 7th was it he came to the shop? A. Between eight and nine o'clock.

COURT to FRANCIS BATSON. Q. After you went on the morning of the 7th, and opened the shop, did you remain there? A. Yes, I went away at nine o'clock, and came back at half-past nine—I stayed there from seven to nine—I did not see Edwin Hartridge there at all—I did not see William go out at all.
(John Hewit, straw-hat maker, No. 9, St. George's-terrace, Borough-road; John Billinghurst, bookseller, Brixton-place, Brixton; George Stacey, South-street, Stock well; Cornelius Stump, clerk on the Great Western Railway; and Henry Felwick, of Wandsworth; gave the prisoners good characters.)

WILLIAM HARTRIDGE—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

EDWIN HARTRIDGE—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.





Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Recorder.

