



785. 



ALFRED JONES
 was indicted

 for feloniously inciting one 



Thomas Smith to do and commit a certain felony of which he had been convicted. (See Third Sess. p. 414.)


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






ROBERT MARSHALL STRAIGHT, ESQ
. I act as clerk of the arraigns of this

Court. I produce the record of the conviction of a person named Thomas Smith, the principal named in this indictment—I find it on the files of the Court, duly signed by Mr. Clark as a record made up—(read.)





FRANCES GALLAVIN
. I am a widow. On Sunday, the 14th of Dec., I was living at the house of Mr. Thomas Hamblin, No. 3, Crayford-road, Cold Harbour-lane, Camberwell—it is a detached cottage—Mrs. Hamblin was at home, and Mr. Phillips, Mrs. Hamblin's brother-in-law, was there—Mr. Hamblin is an invalid—a few minutes before eight o'clock I heard a knock at the door—I answered it—I found a man at the door with a note in his hand—that man was afterwards tried at this bar, in my presence, by the name of Thomas Smith—he offered me the note, and said, "Deliver that to the lady of the house"—I said I should not deliver it unless he told me where it came from—he said, "Do you choose to deliver that to the lady of the home: if you do not I will shoot you;" and he produced a pistol from his pocket—(the outer door was not shut at that time)—that alarmed me, and I took the letter and delivered it to Mrs. Hamblin, who was in the kitchen at the time—I believe this to be the letter (looking at it)—she took it through the dining-room into the drawing-room, to Mr. Phillips—the street door was open at that time, to the best of my recollection—Mr. Phillips was in the drawing-room with Mr. Hamblin, who has been confined to his bed for the last eighteen months—Mr. Phillips came into the passage, to the man who was standing in the hall, and asked what business he had there—I did not hear him answer—Mrs. Hamblin came into the passage—a few minutes after she went up stairs—the man still continued in the passage—after she had been up stairs a few minutes, he called out, "Is that lady coining? I will give two minutes"—Mr. Phillips went up after her, and came down, and said he had a 10l. note in his pocket, should he give him that, and Mrs. Hamblin said, "Yes"—Mr. Phillips came down with the note, and said to the man, would he go quietly if he had that 10l., which he produced—I did not hear his answer—Mr. Phillips gave him the note, and he went away—as he went through the passage, Mr. Phillips went up the steps to follow him to the street door—when he came into the hall, after I had taken the letter, I observed that he had a dirk or dagger in one hand, and the pistol in the other—I saw the handle of the dirk plainly.





CATHERINE HAMBLIN
. I am the wife of Thomas Hamblin, and live at No. 3, Crayford-road. On Sunday night, the 14th of Dec, Mrs. Gallavin brought me a note, a little before eight o'clock—I was in the kitchen—this is the letter—it terrified me very much on reading it—Mr. Phillips was by my husband's bedside at the time—he had been paralysed for twelve months, and that was known in the neighbourhood—I showed the letter to Mr. Phillips—he came out of the room, and passed on to the hall—I had seen a man standing in the hall—that man was convicted here by the name of Thomas Smith—Mr. Phillips spoke to him—I went out at the back door into the garden, to the next door neighbour's, through the garden door, to give an alarm—the man could not see me go out at the back door, as the hall is not straight—on my return I found the man in the passage—Mr. Phillips told me if I would give 10l. the man would go out quietly—I said if I could find 10l. I would—Mr. Phillips produced a 10l. note—I allowed him to give it from the fear of all our lives—after saying I did not know whether I had got 10l., I went to the back door, and said I must pass through to get the 10l.—Smith placed his back against the door and shut it to, and said, "You don't pass here"—at that time he had a pistol and dagger in his hands—I afterwards went into the drawing-room and opened the shutter—the man, hearing

the shutter moved, went into the garden, and came round and met me at the drawing-room window as I was attempting to open it, and presented the pistol—I left the window, and came back into the passage, and in my fright I went up stairs to see for the money—my brother-in-law eventually gave the 10l. note—he said, "Shall I give it him?"—I said, "Yes"—when I came down the man was gone.





THOMAS PHILLIPS
. I was at my sister-in-law's house on this Sunday night—I recollect the knock at the door and her showing me the letter—I went into the passage and saw the man standing at the door who I afterwards saw tried and convicted here by the name of Thomas Smith—I asked him his business—he said, "I have come for the money in the house, and if it is not handed over to me I must get it"—I told him we lived in a free country, and were not in the habit of having our money demanded, and asked what he meant by it—while speaking to him, having a dagger in his right hand, he pulled a horse pistol out of his left hand coat pocket—he then went to the entrance door, opened it, gave a whistle, and in came a second man, armed as he was—I could not identify that man, as he stood in the dark—it was not the prisoner I believe—he was a shorter man—I at last handed over to Smith a 10l. note—he said if he had 10l. he would leave the house and take the men away whom he had brought with him and had outside—when he was going out of the hall I followed him, and he turned round immediately, presented a pistol at my breast, within twelve inches, and vowed he would shoot me if I followed him or looked after him—I parted with the 10l. note for fear he would alarm the invalid if he knew of it—I was not particularly alarmed about myself.





SAMPSON DARKIN CAMPBELL
. I am an inspector of police. I was sent for on this evening, and went to the house of Mr. Phillips—I received from him the letter produced—I afterwards went, on the 23rd of Dec, to No. 3, Catherine-court, Walnut-tree-walk, Lambeth, about a mile and a half from the prosecutor's—I there saw a man passing by the name of Thomas Smith and took him into custody, and also a woman going by the name of Ann Jones—I have been in search of the prisoner since then, in consequence of information I received—he was brought into my charge at the Camberwell station on Thursday, the 3rd of Feb.—I remember Smith being convicted—Ann Jones was acquitted—she is here to-day under the name of Ann Hales.





SAMUEL WRIGHT
 (police-constable P 172.) I took Smith into custody—I saw the prisoner in custody at Camberwell station on Thursday, the 29th of Jan., before he was examined before the Magistrate—I did not hold out any promise or threat to him—he commenced conversation by crying, and said the way he became acquainted with Smith was by his sister living at Mr. Greathead's butter shop.

Prisoner. He came to me and said, "I am sorry for you, how came you acquainted with Smith?" and I told him; he said he thought I had fallen into bad hands. Witness. He said Smith's sister lived at the butter shop, and by that he became acquainted with Smith—I do not recollect that he said he himself had lived at Greathead's.





SAMPSON DARKIN CAMPBELL

re-examined. It might have been on the 29th of Jan. that he was brought to the station.





LYDIA ELLIS
. I am the wife of a bricklayer living in Albany-road, Camberwell. In Oct., 1844, I went to live at No. 3, Catherine-place, Walnuttree-walk, Lambeth—in May, 1845, a man came to lodge with me in the name of Thomas Smith—his wife took the place in the name of Ann Jones—I staid in the house until July—I then left them both in the house and went to live at No. 1, Catherine-place—I staid there until Jan., 1846—I know the

prisoner perfectly well by sight—he was in the habit of coming to No. 3 while I was there and since I left—he always visited Mrs. Jones or Thomas Smith—he was very often in and out with them—sometimes he would come in by himself and sometimes with them—he was intimate with them—that continued up to the time Smith was taken into custody—I know he visited them after I left until Jan., 1846—I remember Sunday evening, the 14th of Dec. last—I saw Smith just about dusk that evening, I should say between five and six o'clock, go out with the prisoner and another man—the prisoner is lame—the other man was shorter than the prisoner.

Prisoner. Q. What induces you to say it was exactly that Sunday? A. Because on the Tuesday before Christmas-day Jones was taken—I saw you three pass my window—I believe the other man was Sam—I knew him by sight.





ELIZABETH PLACKETT
. I am the wife of Henry Plackett, and live at No. 7, Catherine-place—I know the prisoner—I know the house, No. 3, where Smith lived—I frequently saw the prisoner going in there and frequently in company with Smith—I have seen them come home together and go out together—on Monday night, the 15th of Dec. last, as near ten o'clock as possible, the prisoner knocked at Smith's door several times but could not get in—he whistled—somebody inside said, "Ben, is that you?"—the prisoner answered, "Yes," and he got in at the window—I do not know whether it was opened from the inside or whether he opened it—two or three days afterwards I saw him again coming down the same court—he appeared to have a new coat on then.





WILLIAM ROBERT PLACKETT
. I am the son of the last witness—I lived with my mother at No. 7, Catherine-place, last Dec.—I knew Thomas Smith who lived at No. 3—I remember Campbell and the officers taking him into custody one night—I know the prisoner, and have seen him with Smith—I saw him on the night that Smith was taken, after Smith was taken away—I saw him come up and look in at the window of No. 3 at the time the officers were in the house, and he immediately ran away—I have never seen him there since.





THOMAS GREATHEAD
. I am a cheesemonger, and live at No. 50, Bridge-road, Lambeth—about four years ago the prisoner lived with me—he was upwards of a year in my service as porter, and carried out goods—he signed receipts when he received the money—I have sometimes seen what he has signed, and I have seen him write very frequently—I have been able to form an opinion of the character of his hand-writing—I believe this letter to have been written by him.

COURT. Q. Is there any peculiarity in his hand-writing? A. There is, in his beginning a great many words with capital letters—he always uses the letter A as a capital—he never made a small one.

Prisoner. Q. Did you ever see me write a letter? A. No, I have seen you write in the school.





JOSEPH HENRY ROBINS
. I live with my uncle, George Robins, a surgeon, in Bedford-street, Covent-garden—the prisoner was about a year in hit service, and left about eighteen months since—I have seen him write, and have directed letters which he has written—I know he has a custom of generally beginning sentences with capital letters—I can express an opinion at to his handwriting—I believe this letter to have been written by him.

Prisoner. Q. When have you seen me write? A. When you wrote letters, and wrote on pieces of paper, and in your pocket-book, places where you were to go to.

COURT. Q. Have you seen him write sufficient to form a judgment of his handwriting? A. Yes.






ELIZA NEWBERRY
. I am the wife of John Newberry, a gold-beater, and live at No. 43, Brook-street, Lambeth—a man named Thomas Smith came to lodge at my house last Christmas twelve months, and stopped four or five months—that same man was tried here—he came to us by the name of Jones—I have seen the prisoner at Jones's—he was there nearly every day, I believe, while they were there—Smith had a sister named Lucy—I have seen the prisoner write letters to her, and write directions for her, and have seen them after they were written by him—I have had such opportunities of seeing his writing as to enable me to form an opinion of his writing—he has written bills for me—to the best of my belief, this direction on this letter, "For the lady of the house," is his handwriting—the rest of the letter is written larger than I have seen him write—I cannot say whether that is his or not.

Prisoner. Q. What letters have I written for you? A. None, only bills for washing, to different people, and also receipts.

COURT. Q. Is there anything remarkable in his writing? A. Nothing particular, only it is his style of writing as he wrote for me.





GEORGE EDWIN GILL
. I am foreman to Mr. Attenborough, a pawnbroker, in Bridge-house-place—on the 15th of Dec. I received this 10l. note, at our shop, from a woman, who gave the name of Mrs. Ann Jones, No. 3, Catherine-place, Walnut-tree-walk—she redeemed a watch pawned for 2l—I gave her the change—I was present afterwards, when that same woman was tried with a man named Thomas Smith.





JAMES TUCK
. I am clerk to Williams, Deacon, and Co., bankers—on the 10th of Dec. I gave the 10l. note produced, with other money, in payment of a check to Mr. Phillips—I took the No. down, 45,346—I identified it on a former occasion—my recollection of it is quite perfect—that is the note—I have a copy of the entry here—I am positive I gave that note to Mr. Philllips himself.

MR. PHILLIPS
re-examined. I gave Smith the 10l. note which I had received from Williams and Co., Birchin-lane.





ANN HALES
. I have gone by the name of Ann Jones—I am wife of James Hales, who has gone by the name of Thomas Smith—he was tried here for this robbery, and I also—I was acquitted and he was convicted—I now live in Tower-street, Westminster-road—I knew the prisoner when I lived with my husband at Mrs. Newberry's, where my husband went by the name of Jones—I also knew him when living at Mrs. Ellia's, by the name of Smith—he was in the habit of visiting my husband—he often came to our house—he came much about the same when at Catherine-place as at the other place—my husband wrote very little—I remember the prisoner writing a note for him—I received from my husband a 10l. note—I took it to the pawn-shop of Mr. Attenborough, in Bridge-house place, on a Monday—it was the day before that Monday that the prisoner wrote the note for my husband—my husband told him he wanted him to write a note—he dictated the terms of the letter to him—I heard the Crayford-road mentioned by my husband to him, and there was something said about Cold-harbour-lane, but I did not pay much attention to it—I heard my husband say it was to be addressed to the lady of the house, and the prisoner wrote according to my husband's direction (looking at the note)—I cannot swear to the writing, but it appears to be the same note—I can read writing—Ibelieve this is the note—it was written in the afternoon—very soon after it was written, my husband and the prisoner went out together—my husband did not come home all night—he came home next day, and gave me the 10l. note—he saw the prisoner that day—I believe he lived in Upper-marsh at that time—I saw him and my husband talking together on that Monday after I got the 10l. note—I saw no portion of it given to the prisoner.


Prisoner. Q. You say the letter was written in the house, and you heard the contents? A. Yes, some of it—I heard Crayford-road mentioned.

Prisoner. There was a letter written, but it was to a young woman I was to be married to this year. Witness. I am sure that is the letter—I did not hear my husband tell him why he wanted it written—I heard nothing said about what was to be done with it—I heard that twelve men were to be called in, if they did not get the money.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was the note he wrote about marriage or money? A. Not about marriage at all.
(Letter read—"To the lady of the house—My lady, I write these few lines to inform you that I have been sent here by a gentleman for your money, and I must proceed in getting it, and if you refuse me, the men outside, twelve in number, will come in and plunder the house, and if you make any noise your lives will be in danger.")

MR. GREATHEAD
re-examined. I did not know that I had a sister of Smith's living at my house, but I have reason to believe I had.

Prisoner's Defence. I say there was no such letter written; there was one written addressed to a female in Lamb's Conduit-street, to whom he was going to be married in Feb.; I left the house with him, and went to a public-house at the corner; I had half-a-pint of beer with him, and then left him; I came next day as usual, and shortly afterwards received a letter from my friends, to say that they had a situation for me; I applied for the situation and got it, which caused my absence from the place—I came back, having left the situation, and was taken into custody, charged with stealing the note; I know nothing at all about it; I have known the man two or three years; I have no friends in attendance; I could prove that that woman has been receiving trifles from inspector Campbell, and sergeant Wright, to come up against me.





SAMPSON DARKIN CAMPBELL

re-examined. I have not given her a farthing—onone occasion when I met her, I took her to a house and gave her some bread and cheese and beer, while I was making inquiries about the case.




GUILTY
.†—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

