




1438. 




WILLIAM FELTHAM
 was indicted for

 stealing 180 yards of ribbon, value 1l. 10s., the goods of 



Charles Banks; and 





WILLIAM JACOBS



 for receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen..


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Proseculion.






FREDERICK SHAW
 (police-conslable A 29.) Between eight and nine o'clock of Friday, the 12th of April, I went with Whicher to Wood-street,

Cheapside, to the Cross Keys—I went into the parlour and Whicher remained outside—I was in plain clothes—a little before nine o'clock the two prisoners came in together—Feltham walked to the farther end of the parlour, put his hand into his pocket, took out a small paper parcel, and gave it to Jacobs, who put it into his pocket—they then both went to the bar and had something to drink—I gave a signal to Whicher outside—Feltham left the house first, and two or three minutes after Jacobs went out—I followed and gave information to Whicher—I stopped Jacobs in Gutter-lane, about 150 yards from the Cross Keys—I went to the prosecutor's, and Feltham was called into the front warehouse and given into my custody—I asked Feltham if he knew a man named Jacobs—he said he did—I asked him when he last saw him—he said, "This morning"—I asked where—he said, "At the Cross Keys over the way"—I asked if he had given Jacobs anything—after some he sitation he said he did not know.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORNE. Q. Were there any persons at the tap? A. There was one person at the bar reading a newspaper—I never lost sight of Jacobs during the whole of this time.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Had you seen Feltham before? A. I had seen both prisoners at the same house the morning before—they were not sitting in the room—their backs were rather turned to me when they gave the parcel—I saw the nature of the parcel—they could see that I was there.





JONATHAN WHICHER
 (police-constable A 27.) I was with Shaw, and went to the Cross Keys to see what was going on—I remained outside while Shaw went in—I saw Jacobs come out from the Cross Keys—I followed him, and from a hint Shaw gave me I stopped him in Gutter-lane, said I was an officer, and stopped him on suspicion of having stolen property in his possession—he said he had none—I took him to Garlick-hill station, searched him and found this small parcel, containing these three rolls of ribbon, and these other two, one in his waistcoat, and the other in his coat pocket—I asked if he could account how he became possessed of them—he said, "No"—I asked if he knew a man named Feltham—he said he did—I asked if he had seen him that morning—he said he had—I asked if he had received anything from him—he said he bad not.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORNE. Q. How long have you been a policeman? A. About eight years—this black ribbon I found in Jacobs' waistcoat pocket, this white one in his coat pocket, and these three wrapped up in paper in his other coat pocket—he made no attempt to get away—Shaw was standing by at the time—I do not think he spoke—I do not know whether Jacobs knew he was a policeman—we were both in plain clothes—I should think he did not know him.





CHARLES BANKS
. I am a ribbon-manufacturer. My warehouse is in Wood-st., and I have a factory at Coventry—I had, shortly before this, removed from another warehouse—Jacobs had been recommended by Feltham, who was my servant, to assist in moving—in consequence of something that passed on that occasion, I gave directions to Feltham never to have the slightest communication with that fellow—he said he certainly should not; and about six weeks prior to this time I said, "I hope you have no communication with that fellow"—he said, "I have not"—Feltham had been in my employ from ten to eleven years—Shaw called on me on the morning of the 12th, and gave me information, in consequence of which, on Feltham's coming in I gave him into custody of Shaw—these three pieces of satin ribbon in the paper are dressed, but not blocked—they are sent up from the factory undressed, and they are not in a condition to be sold—Feltham knew that—it may happen

that a piece of satin ribbon may be sold to a particular house, for the purpose of their putting a paper of their own on it, and for the purpose of their introducing that particular paper we send them a piece unblocked, but it very rarely happens—I had never given authority to Feltham to give any to Jacobs—these pieces of ribbon are fit for sale, if they had been blocked; but they are not in the usual state for sale, and that Feltham would know—they are my property—they have our particular warehouse mark on them, and the weaver's mark, which is invariably cut off before they are blocked and fitted for sale—we occasionally sell them otherwise, but very rarely—I find from our stock that we have missed ribbon of this sort.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORNE. Q. By whom is the warehouse mark put on? A. At our manufactory, at Coventry—there is no mark put on by us in London—the persons who manufacture for us do not manufacture for other persons—we rarely sell them unblocked or undressed, but they are more frequently sold unblocked than undressed—I have sold them unblocked to Spencer and Baguley, for the reason I have told you—we may have sold them to other persons, but very rarely; but one of these pieces we never sold at all, because I know the precise quantity we have made up—I state most positively I never sold a piece of it in this state.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. You cannot swear this may not have been sold? A. Yes—I know the quantity that has been sent up, twenty-eight pieces, and I find a deficiency from my book—they came up seven pieces at a time, the first at the latter end of Feb., and the last about the latter end of March—the persons in our employ have authority to sell them to customers—I have permitted Feltham to block ribbons for other persons, and found him machinery to do it—he was pretty frequently in the habit of doing it, and the more he did the more pleased I was at it—I did not always see what be did, but they would not be this class of ribbon.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. When you have permitted him to block ribbons, have you permitted him to put your warehouse mark on them? A. No. certainly not—this has my warehouse mark on it—I find this missing, with many others.





LEONARD STARK
. I am proprietor of the Cross Keys, Wood-street. I have known Feltham very well for eight years—during the last twelve months he has frequented my house, occasionally by himself, and also in company with Jacobs—Jacobs was there nearly every day during the week—he generally came first, and Feltham came afterwards—they left messages for each other.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. What hour did Feltham come? A. All hours, with the exception of the evening, and he took refreshment there occasionally—my house is near the prosecutor's warehouse.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long would it take a man to go there? A. About three minutes.
(Joseph Tyler, chimney-sweeper, Well-court, Queen-street, Cheapside; Robert Gore, fishmonger; George Bull, woollen warehouseman; John Bullen, boot-maker, St. Thomas the Apostle; and Jonathan Stedman, grocer, New Road, Chelsea, gave Feltham a good character. Henry Archer, sackmaker, Aldersgate-street; John Crate, fruiterer, Monkwell-street; and William Thomas Williams, agent, Queen's Arms yard, gave Jacobs a good character.)

FELTHAM—


GUILTY
. Aged 35.

JACOBS—


GUILTY
. Aged 43.





Transported for Seven Years.



Sixth Jury, before 


Edward Bullock, Esq.

