




734. 



RICHARD ANDS
 and 




THOMAS BROWN
 were indicted for

 stealing 2 coats, value 3l.;, the goods of 



John Wills; and that Brown had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES POLLOCK
. I am shopman to John Wills, of Oxford-street—between lix and seven o'clock in the evening, on the 24th of Jan., I was in the shop—I received information, ran to the corner of Berwick-street, and saw Brown running with a coat—he was brought back with it—when I returned I missed that coat and another, which I had seen safe two minutes before—I did not see any other person but Brown—he was about a dozen yards from our house when I saw him.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Who brought the coat back? A. The person who took Brown—I lost sight of Brown when I returned to the shop.





EDWARD POWLES
. I was in the prosecutor's shop that evening—I heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I ran out and picked up one coat at the corner of Berwick-street—I saw Brown brought back in about three minutes by a gentleman who stopped him, and he had another coat.

Cross-examined. Q. You did not see Brown stopped? A. Yes, when I

had picked up the coat I ran after him—a gentleman stopped him about twenty yards down Berwick-street; and when I got up to him the gentleman had the coat which I had seen Brown with.





ALFRED HAYWARD
. I was just coming out of our house, and saw Brown running in a very great hurry—he had hardly put his foot on the step of our door when a gentleman stopped him, and took him back to the prosecutor.

Cross-examined. Q. Had Brown any thing with him? A. I did not notice it—he was going into a house, and a gentleman stopped him—I do not think a person twelve yards up the street could have seen him laid hold of—I never saw the coat in our shop—if it had been dropped in the shop I must have seen it.





EDWARD POWLES

re-examined. The gentleman stopped Brown twenty or twenty-five yards up Berwick-street—I do not know that he went into Hay ward's shop—he must have run in there before he was caught, if he did go in—I am sure Brown had the coat before the gentleman had it.





BARNARD THOMAS ASH
 (police-constable A 62). I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and saw Ands running down Wardour-street—I took him back to the prosecutor, and he was identified as having been near there previously.





BENJAMIN ADDIS
 (policeman.) I was at the corner of Poland-street a little after six o'clock, and saw the two prisoners pass me together.





NATHAN JARVIS
 (police-constable E 41.) I produce a certificate of Brown's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person

BROWN—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.


ANDS—


NOT GUILTY
.
