





324. 




WILLIAM BROWN,



 WILLIAM COLE
, and 




EDWARD GOWER



, stealing 1 purse, value 6d., and 5 sixpences; the property of 



Henry Crawford, from the person of 



Ann Mary Crawford; to which



BROWN pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 13.—



Confined Three Months.






JOHN CARPENTER
 (policeman, R 84). I was with two other officers on 18th Oct., and saw the prisoners at Charlton fair—I watched them twenty minutes or half an hour, and saw them go behind several ladies—Brown was pushed in between the other two, and attempted to pick their pockets—Gower was by Brown's side, and Cole behind him, so as to cover him—I saw them go to Mrs. Crawford in the same manner—Brown lifted up her dress with his left hand, and I saw him put his right into his own pocket with the purse in it—my brother-officer took him, and the purse was identified by the lady.

Cross—examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Was it as much as a quarter of an hour that you watched them? A. Rather more—Gower watched the motions of Brown the whole time—I never knew Gower before, he was examined three times, let out on bail, and has surrendered this morning—White came up the second time—he was not there the first time—I think there were only a few days between the first and the second remand—it was because we were at the Old Bailey, and could not attend—there was not a remand because there was no evidence against Gower.

Cole. Q. What took your attention to me? A. Seeing you putting the bov between you—I saw you all in conversation just outside the fair-field—I'was perhaps two yards from you—I don't know that there was anybody between you and I.

JURY. Q. Were the prisoners together when they went outside the fair? A. Yes—the two men were bending down to the boy, and they were in conversation—they went away twenty or thirty yards together, and after that came into the fair together, and tried four or five pockets—I saw them try one pocket before they went out of the fair—they were all of them together—I never saw them separate.

COURT. Q. Is Gladwin here? A. No, he is very ill; I have a certificate from the doctor—(Gladwins deposition read—"William Gladwin, on oath, says: 'I am a police-constable of the R division. I was on duty at Charlton fair. I saw the three prisoners together; I watched them nearly half an hour. J saw all three go to the farthest end of the field, talking together; they then returned into the fair, and stood in front of a show. I saw the prisoner Cole take the boy Brown, and place him between the prisoner Gower and himself, by the side of a lady. I saw him repeat the same thing, and afterwards stand by the side of the last witness (Mrs. Crawford). Gower stood a little in front of her, and Cole put the boy Brown between Gower and himself. I saw the boy put his hand into the pocket of the last witness, and take out a purse; he then showed it to the prisoner Cole, who turned his head, and seeing me look at him he gave the boy a nudge, and the boy put the purse into his pocket. I then caught hold of the two arms of the boy, and took the prisoner Cole, when White, the constable, came to my assistance. I searched the boy, and found on him the purse produced, which contained five sixpenny-pieces.' ")





ANN MARV CRAWFORD
. I am the wife of Henry Crawford. I was at Charlton fair on 18th Oct.—I had a purse in my pocket, containing five sixpences—I missed it when the officer told me of it—this is it.

Cole's Defence. I never saw Gower in my life; I went to the fair with Allen and another man, and was apprehended; on the road to the station I heard one of them telling the bov to say he was with him: I told the Magistrate; he directed an acquittal, only the policeman said he could bring a respectable person to say he saw us together in the fair.






GEORGE ALLEN
. I agreed to go to Charlton with Cole on 18th Oct.—he said he was going to get a job to do—he was doing nothing; he was idle for the day—I overtook him going to the fair with a man named Wilson—we went into a booth, and had some bread, cheese, and beer—Cole went out for about ten minutes—I sent Wilson to look after him—he came in, and said he had been taken by two policemen in disguise—I live at 2, Vine-yard, Lant-street, Borough—I am a printer, but am not in work.





JOHN WHITE
 (policeman, R 180). I saw the prisoners together about a quarter of an hour—I saw Brown try several pockets, and the other prisoners were covering him—I am quite sure they were all three together.

Cross-examined. Q. You saw Brown standing between the other two prisoners? A. I do not think I saw that—he was in front, and the other two behind him.

Cole. Q. Did not you tell the Magistrate you had left us five minutes before we were apprehended? A. No—(the witness's deposition being read, did not state so.)
(Lewis Phillips and Jane Gower gave Gower a good character. Ann Kent gave Cole a good character.)

COLE—


GUILTY
. † Aged 33.—


Transported for Ten Years.


GOWER—


GUILTY
. Aged 40.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.—



Confined Nine Months.

