



1069. 




SAMUEL HANSON
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Merry, about eleven o'clock in the night of the 
2nd of March, at 

St. Leonard, Shoreditch, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, two coats, value 4l.; 2 pairs of trowsers, value 1l. 5s.; 2 waistcoats, value 1l.; 6 handkerchiefs, value 10s.; 3 aprons, value 3s.; 2 brushes, value 2s.; 1 shirt, value 2s.; 1 shirt-front, value 6d.; and one stocking, value 6d.; the goods of 



Benjamin Arthy.






BENJAMIN ARTHY
. I am a baker, and lodge at a coffee-house at the corner of Christopher-street and Wilson-street, Finsbury-square, kept by James Merry. On the 2nd of March, I left my room between six and seven o'clock in the morning, leaving nobody there—I shut the room-door when I came out, but did not lock it—I latched it—it is on the third floor—the window looks into Christopher-street—an old lady and gentleman lodge on the second floor—there is only one servant—it is in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch—I returned home about seven o'clock in the evening, and went up to my room about eleven o'clock to go to bed—I then found the door standing wide open, and a box of clothes which I had left locked in the morning, broken open, and the things stated gone—the window-blinds were shut down in the sash with the window, as if it had been put down in a hurry—there are two windows—only one was so—some clothes and a hat-brush were gone out of a drawer, and a coat, waistcoat and trowsers from a peg—the articles are worth about 7l. 13s. altogether—I came down to inform the landlord, and the officer was standing at the bar—I went with him to the station-house and saw the prisoner, and all my things there—I did not know him before—these things were all safe when I left in the morning—I found some old rags left in the room which did not belong to me.





ROBERT SPINK
. I was a policeman at the time in question. On Monday night, the 2nd of March, I was on duty in Clifton-street, Finsbury-square, and about twenty minutes before eleven o'clock saw the prisoner come from the door of Merry's coffee-house, which is at the corner of the street; he looked round, looked up at the house, and then looked down and picked up a bundle which I had seen fall down on the ground from some part of the house, but I cannot say exactly which window; when he picked it up he looked up again and caught two other bundles, one after the other—he picked up the first one which he had, and put with the other two and ran away with them—I saw a handkerchief and stocking fall from the bundle—I took them up, followed him, and stopped him in King-street, Finsbury-market—I asked him what he had in his bundle, he said, "Dirty linen," that it was given to him by a young man at the Finsbury coffee-house—he said he knew the young man but did not know his name—I asked him if it was his dirty linen, he said "Yes"—I saw the sleeve of a coat and of a clean shirt hanging out—I thought it was not right, and took him to the station-house; in going along we passed the Finsbury coffee-house, and I asked if he had been in there he said "No"—on going further, he said two of the bundles he had brought from St. Paul's churchyard, and the other he had given to him by some young man his mother used to wash for—I examined

the bundles at the station-house and they contained the articles stated—I went to the Finsbury coffee-house, up to a room which the prosecutor and Merry showed me, and found a box broken open—the windows of that I room look into Christopher-street, where I saw him pick up the bundle—I examined the windows, one of them had been open—I returned to the station-house and found two brushes and a handkerchief on the prisoner, a piece of list, and a waistcoat—the prosecutor went there with me and claimed all the articles found on the prisoner—I have left the police a fortnight—I was dismissed—the things have been at the station-house, locked-up, under the care of Finlay, the inspector—he is not here—Cole delivered them to me here—I know they are what I found on the prisoner.





ROBERT COLE
 (police-constable G 193.) I delivered these articles to Spink—I received them from Finlay, the inspector on duty.





BENJAMIN ARTHY

re-examined. These are all my property—I know the coats from their general appearance—I had put them away the day they were stolen—they have no mark on them—I have worn some of them six months and some twelve months—the aprons I also, know from their general appearance—this is my shirt, I know it from wearing it—I know the brushes, I have had them three years—I heard no noise in the house—a Loan Society meets there from seven till eleven o'clock on Monday nights, and we do not notice the people who go up stairs and down—I dare say seventy people went up to the club-room on the first-floor that night—the servant of the house is a female.

Prisoner's Defence. Last Monday five weeks I had been with a young gentleman my father worked for in former years, he lives in Bishopsgate-street, and is a wine-merchant; I went with him to take care of a cart and assist him with the goods he had in it; on returning home in the evening, coming down the City-road, I missed him; I went back to look for him and saw these things lying down by the public-house; I took them up, and as I crossed the road another policeman came up, and this one asked what I had there, I told him dirty linen; he asked where I was going to take it, I said home; he took me to the station-house, went to the coffee-house and brought this young man there.
(John Baker, of Butler's-buildings, Bermondsey; and Rosetta Cabby, of Dun Wiley, Bishopsgate-street, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 21.—Of Stealing under the value of 5l
.—


Transported for Seven Years.
