



721. 




WILLIAM GYOURY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
22nd of January, 1 truck, value 6l., the goods of 



John Cockrane.






WILLIAM WALLS
. I am in the employ of John Cockrane, who is a carman. On the 22nd of January the prisoner came to his yard for a truck for Mr. Cant, to carry some bags—Mr. Cant had been in the habit of hiring trucks of us—I let him have it, and he did not come back.





WILLIAM WHITE
. I live in Somers-town, and deal in coals. On the 22nd of January the prisoner brought a truck down to my yard, in Christopher-place—hecalled me by name, and asked if he could stand his truck there that night—he said he had borrowed it over at Westminster, and was so tired he could not take it home that night, but he would fetch it away next morning—about one o'clock the next day he came and asked if I would buy the truck, I said, "No"—he came again about five or six in the evening, with the springs of the truck on his shoulder, and asked if I would buy them—I said, "No"—he said, "Give me 4s. for them"—I said, "No, I won't"—he said, "Well, lend me 3s. on them"—I said, "Perhaps they are not your own"—he said, So help him G—they were, and he had sold the body of the truck for 4s., to a costermonger, and be had sold the wheels and axletree—I went to my yard in the evening, and saw the body of the truck there in the mud—I got the policeman, and we put it into the stable.





STEPHEN STEVENS
. I am a wheelwright, and live in Somers-town On the 23rd of January the prisoner brought me the axletree of a truck and a pair of old wheels—he asked me to buy them—he said they were his father's, who was lately dead, and since then he had been drawing ice with the truck, and had sold the body of it to a costermonger, and had no place to keep the wheels in—I gave him 6s. for them—these are them.






EDWARD SIIAYLER
 (police-constable S 114.) White came to me on the 23rd of January, and showed me the body of this truck—I took it into the stable, and nailed the door—I went on the 26th to a lodging-house in St. Giles's, and found the prisoner—I said, "I apprehend you on suspicion of stealing a truck; be cautious what you say, as it will go against you"—he said, "I stole the truck, and sold the wheels to Mr. Stevens, and the springs to White, and the body I left in Christopher-place, to be fetched away by any body that liked."





WILLIAM WALLS

re-examined. This is the truck I let the prisoner have.




GUILTY
.* Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
