



951. 




JAMES FLOCKTON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
24th of Feb., 3 gowns, value 2l.; 5 shawls, 3l. 4s.; 1 shift, 2s.; 1 bed-gown, 3s. 6d.; 2 petticoats, 4s.; 1 tippet, 6d.; 1 apron, 1s.; 1 pair of earrings, 1l.; 15s.; 1 necklace, 7s.; 1 ring, 8s.; and 1 buckle, 2s.; the goods of 



Elizabeth Blunt: and 20 yards of linen cloth, value 2l.; 1 set of bed-furniture, 7s.; 3 shawls, 1l. 10s.; 2 veils, 7s.; 1 petticoat, 2s.; 1 shift, 2s.; 1 pair of shoes, 3s.; 6d.; 1 carpet-bag, 2s.; 6d.; and 3 gowns, 2l. 5s.; the goods of 



William Blunt.






ELIZA BLUNT
. I live in Copthall-court—I had these things safe about half-past twelve o'clock on the 24th of Feb., in the third floor—the door of the room was locked—I missed the things—the street-door was always open—the bed-room door lock was picked—these are my things and my mother's—her husband's name is William Blunt.





STEPHEN QUESTED
 (City police-constable 171.) I was on duty, going up Angel-court, and saw two men standing there—when I got close to them, one put his hand into his pocket and gave the other 6d.—he went away—I watched them, and one was peeping round the corner—I stopped a few minutes, and then saw the prisoner and another person proceeding along Throgmorton-street

with a carpet bag, I then saw the other two that I had seen before—the prisoner and the other called a cab—I went and took them—this bundle I found on the prisoner—the one who had the carpet-bag got away—these are the things I found on the prisoner.

Prisoner. Q. Had you seen me with one of the others? A. I had before that day, but not then.

Prisoner's Defence. There are a parcel of men going about teazing boys to rob their masters, and then when they see the boys taken they are off-I was standing, and a young man came and asked me to carry a bundle to a cab—he took me into some passage—he went up stairs, and fetched two bundles down—gave me the biggest, and went on with the carpet-bag to a cab—he put his bag in, and then I put the bag in—the policeman came—he said he was going to Mr. Davis—he went to catch him, and he ran off—I told him the man hired me to take a bundle to the cab.






STEPHEN QUESTED
 (re-examined.) I had seen the prisoner and the others together, but not that day—the prisoner threw something over a hoarding, and it was this necklace—this buckle be threw behind me when I took him.




GUILTY
. * Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

