



1667. 




ROBERT WILSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on 
18th of April, 2 breast-pins and chain, value 16s., the goods of 



Frederick Shemeld, from his person.






FREDERICK SHEMELD
. I am a chaser, and live in Clerkenwell-close. On Tuesday, the 18th of April, I was at a tavern at Greenwich, at the fair time—about half-past ten o'clock in the evening I was passing the bar, to leave the tavern, and saw the prisoner—he said nothing, but came close to my person, and took a union pin out of my scarf—the space before the bar was very crowded, but I can speak positively to the prisoner—I had never seen him before—he passed it to another person—I seized the man he passed it to, collared him, and got him down into a corner of the room—I was immediately set upon by six, eight, or ten persons, and was dreadfully treated—I was not able to attend to my business for some days—the man whom I took hold of got away—I bled very much at the time—I got some hot water—it was perhaps half an hour before I could leave the house—I then left, and in going up High-street, Greenwich, I saw the prisoner—I attempted to seize him, and in passing between two oyster-stalls, or something, I was pushed back by a party, and he made his escape—I afterwards got into a fly, and went into the Elephant and Castle—I felt fatigued, and went into the Alfred's Head, near there, and saw the prisoner there—that must have been past one o'clock in the morning—I pointed him out to the police, and he was taken.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What time was it you had the pin stolen? A. I should say about half-past ten o'clock—I had gone to the fair about six o'clock—I had not dined there—I had drunk very little—I had been to one other public-house, and about the park—I was not at all intoxicated—I had two or three friends with me, but I was the first who went down stairs—my friend Davis was following me—after I was ill-treated, I went to another house, where the fly stood at the door, and in going to that house I saw the prisoner—I remained in that public-house, I suppose, half an hour—I did not drink—I was much hurt, but not much confused—I did not notice the prisoner's dress so much as his features—I noticed nothing particular about his dress—he had a hat on, I am quite certain—I and my friend did not talk over the description of the person—I did not describe him to my friend, nor he to me—when I met him in High-street, I said, "That is the man who robbed me"—he was passing me at the time, meeting me—he ran away.





JOHN DAVIS
. I am a chaser. I was with Shemeld at Greenwich fair—he was coming out of the tavern—I did not see the robbery committed—I saw him directly afterwards—I and my friends were pushed back by a quantity of persons, there might be a dozen, and kept back on the staircase—I came home afterwards with the prosecutor, and was with him when he saw the prisoner in the street—he pointed him out to me—I was with him afterwards at the Alfred's Head, and saw the prisoner there—he is the person I saw at Greenwich.

Cross-examined. Q. The man did not give you much opportunity of examining his countenance? A. No, but I had seen him previously in the house—when I saw him at Greenwich he was under a lamp-post—I saw his countenance well—I have no doubt the man I saw in the street, was the man I had seen before in the public-house—I had noticed him in front of the bar before the occurrence took place—I do not know that I have said so before—I believe I have—when I saw him in the street he made off as soon as he could—neither 1 nor Shemeld had described the person of the man, I am confident, nor talked about it.






WILLIAM DERRY
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody on Wednesday morning, the 19th, at the Alfred's Head—I told him he was charged with robbing a gentleman at Greenwich of a union-pin—he did not say anything, but immediately threw himself on his back, and resisted most Violently.

Cross-examined. Q. How long after you collared him did he throw him-self on his back? A. Almost immediately.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years.

