




781. 




CHARLES WARE
 and 




NATHAN NATHAN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
28th of January, 2 hats, value 10s., the goods of 



Charles Saunders, the master of the said 



Charles Ware.






CHARLES SAUNDERS
. I am a hatter, and live in Blackman-street, Southwark. Ware was in my service—these two hats are mine, and are worth 10s.—on the morning of the 28th of January Willy came to my shop, and from what he said I asked Ware if he had sold any hat or hats that morning—he said no—I repeated the question, and he still denied it—Willy took Ware into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What kind of hats are these? A. One is beaver and one is silk—I have not put too high a price on them—some silk hats are sold very cheap—I have not known them sold at 18s. a dozen—I would not sell these for leas than 5s. a-piece—they are finished and fit for sale—my bills are headed, "Salter and Co.," which is the name that the shop was established under, and I still retain it—Salter has nothing to do with the concern—it is my business—I have prime waterproof beaver hats at 2s. 9d. a-piece, that is a fact, and gossamer hats at 3s. 9d., 4s. 9d., 5s. 6d., and 6s. 6d., and upwards of 2000 cloth caps, beginning at 4d.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. I believe Ware is young? A. Fourteen years, I believe—I gave him 5s. a week.





JOSEPH WILLY
. I live in John's-place, Lant-street, and am constable to the Society for preventing Cruelty to Animals—I stationed myself in Mr. Rook's the undertaker's shop, which is nearly opposite the prosecutor's, and about a quarter before eight o'clock in the morning, on the 28th of January, I saw the prisoner Nathan—he walked backwards and forwards near the prosecutor's shop, before the shop was opened—he then crossed, and went over again near the shop, Ware came to the door, and gave him a nod, and he then went into the shop—he was in about half a minute—he then came out with a bag—he twisted it and put it on his arm—I took him with it, and asked him what he had got there—he said, "Old clothes"—I said, "I think you have got some hats here"—he said, "Only some old hats"—he took out an old silk hat, and put a handkerchief over these two hats, which were in paper—I said. "What have you here?"—he said, "One

or two old hats"—I said, "Are not these new ones?"—he said yes they were, and he had bought them—I said, "Did you buy these at Salter's?"—he said, "Yes"—I took him to the station-house, and went to the shop—I asked Ware if he had sold any hats that morning—he said, "No"—I said, "Where is your master?"—he went behind the counter, opened a door, and went down, and his master came—I asked him if he was aware of a person coming of a morning and taking two or three hats away—he said no—I produced to him these two hats, which I had found in Nathan's bag.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIAPS. Q. When you asked Nathan what he had, did he not say he had bought them of a boy for four shillings? A. He said at first that he had nothing but old clothes in his bag—he afterwards said he gave four shillings for them to the boy—I was in the police about eight years—it is about two years since I left it—I was discharged—I was reported as being the worse for liquor—I do not know of any other complaint against me—I do not say that I never had any other report—I was reported more than once for being the worse for liquor, and I might be behind time once or twice—I hare had no complaint against me in the Society for which I am now employed.





THOMAS WILLY
. I am the son of Joseph Willy. I had seen Nathan a good many mornings going to the prosecutor's shop, and told my father—he told me to watch more closely how he went in, and on the 20th I saw him go in with an empty bag, and come out with some hats in it—on the Wednesday he went in, and came out with the appearance of having something in the bag, and on the Thursday the same—I was watching on the morning in question, and saw him walk up and down with something in his bag, and then go into the shop.

Cross-examined. Q. You were not before the Magistrate to tell all this? A. No—on the 28th of January I was outside cleaning the brass-work of my master's shop—when the bag came out, it had the appearance of having two hats in it—I could see the shape of them—the bag was not tied, it was twisted, and thrown over his shoulder—I could not see the hats, but I saw the shape of them—I was subpoenaed to come here—I told my father of this before I got the subpoena—I was not sent for to go before the magistrate—my father knew that I had seen this.
(William Solomon, a grocer, of Union-street, Borough; and Charles Hunt, of William-street, Borough, gave Ware a good character.)
(Eleazar Hart, a rag-merchant, of White Lion-street, Norton-falgate; Thomas Coombs, a baker, of Wellington-terrace, Waterloo-bridge; Moses Lyon, of Ebenezer-square, Houndsditch; John Jacobs, a fruit salesman, of Covent-garden market; George Smith, a boot-maker, of Star-court, Fenchurch-street; Joshua Joshua, a butcher, of Middlesex-street, White-chapel; John Warminster, a tailor;—Le Sage, a plumber, glazier, and painter; Benjamin Myers, a tailor, of High-street, Southwark; Moses Harris, a dealer in unredeemed pledges in Long-lane; Daniel Haller, a cheesemonger, of Wellington-terrace, Waterloo-bridge; Thomas Pummell, a baker, of Middlesex-street, Whitechapel; Abraham Jacobs, a fruit-salesman, of Covent-garden market; Barnet Temple, a slop-seller, of Postern-row, Tower-hill; and Thomas Friend, bookmaker, of Union-street, Spitalfields, gave Nathan a good character.)

WARE—


GUILTY
. Aged 13.—Recommended to mercy.—



Confined Three Months.

NATHAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

