



2189. 




WILLIAM SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 coat, value 7s.; 1 pair of drawers, 1s.; 3 shirts, 3s.; and 2 pairs of trowsers, 6s.; the goods of 



Thomas Creak.






WILLIAM HOWSE.
 I am an apprentice on board the Amphitrite. On the 23rd of Sept., about two o'clock, I was in the forecastle, heard footsteps on deck, went up, saw the prisoner, and asked what he did there—he said,

"Nothing"—he had no business there—I said he had better go ashore, and he went—about a quarter of an hour afterwards I heard a noise in the cabin, I went ashore, and fetched a policeman—we went into the cabin, and found the prisoner sitting there—the policeman asked what he did there—he said he was only having a snooze—he had no business there—the door had been locked—it was burst open—the policeman took the prisoner.





THOMAS CREAK.
 I am master of the Amphitrite. On the 22nd of Sept., about eight o'clock in the evening, I locked my room-door and the cabin-door, and went ashore—I went on board next morning, and found both doors burst open, and several things strewn about the cabin—they had been moved from my trunk, which was in the state-room, which had been locked—I missed a coat, a pair of drawers, and some flannel shirts—these produced are them—they are mine, and were in my trunk in the state-room.





JOHNSON DOBELL
 (policeman, K 328.) On the 23rd of Sept., about two o'clock in the morning, I was on duty in High-street, Wapping, and was called to the brig Amphitrite—the cabin was broken open—the prisoner was there with a candle in his hand—I had looked through the glass, and saw him moving things—as soon as I came down, he put the light down and walked into the state-room—I took him on board—he said he was a private watchman in the dock, and was having a snooze—he did not appear to be having a snooze—I took him in charge—in crossing the dock he got away from me, I pursued, and never lost sight of him—he ran down a place which was no thoroughfare—I caught him.





EDWARD WANDERER TOWNSON
 (police-sergeant.) On the 23rd of Sept., at three o'clock in the morning, the prisoner was brought to King David-lane station, and charged with being on board the barge, with intent to commit felony—I ordered a constable to search him—he made use of very bad expressions, and said the constable should not search him, but I might—I found this coat on his back—he said it was his own—Howse said it was the captain's—I found part of the fastenings of the lock in the cabin—the catch was forced off—I have made inquiry—the prisoner is not a private watchman, he has nothing to do with the Dock.

Prisoner's Defence. I had been drinking with a shipmate; the policeman said I was the man who had been on board the barge.




GUILTY.* Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.

