



1993. 




JAMES MACKEY



, feloniously stabbing and cutting 



Samuel Cotton, with intent to resist his lawful apprehension.


MR. MELLER
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL COTTON
 (police-sergeant, H 44). On the morning of 6th Oct. I was on duty in Commercial-street, Whitechapel—my attention was attracted to a cry of "Police!" at nearly two o'clock—I saw the prisoner running after another man—I stopped the first man—his face was cut across, and was bleeding—he said, in the presence of the prisoner, "I called, 'Police!' he has cut me with a knife"—the prisoner said nothing—he was within four or five yards—it was said loud enough for him to hear it—the prisoner was pursuing him—I did not see anything in his hand—I attempted to seize him by the collar—he directly lifted up his arm, and struck me with a knife in the arm—my brother constable came up, and I told him I was stabbed—he took the prisoner—I have been in the hospital ever since. Prisoner. I was pursuing the other man, and, my being intoxicated, I did

not know it was the policeman had hold of me; the other man would not appear against me.





WILLIAM MELROY
 (policeman, H 170). I heard the cry of "Police!"—I ran to the spot, saw a man running, and stopped him—he said, "It is not me"—he showed me his face, and said, "lam stabbed; that is the man that stabbed me"—there was the appearance of a wound, and the blood was running down his breast—he charged the prisoner with being the man—I turned round, and saw the prisoner running from my brother officer—I ran and seized him—my brother officer said, "Hold him; I am stabbed; that is the man that did it"—the prisoner wrestled with me some time—a person came up and assisted in taking him—I laid hold of his left hand; Mr. Solomon had hold of his right hand—he freed his right hand from Mr. Solomon, and got it between his thighs—I could see he had something in his hand, and I saw his hand go to his left pocket—at the station I found this knife, in his left pocket, with blood on it—in going to the station, some one in the crowd said, "He has got a knife; it is open wherever it is; he has got it in his hand"—the prisoner said, "No, it is not, it is in my pocket; I used it in self-defence"—the man whose face was wounded gave his address, but he did not appear in the morning—we applied for a summons for him, and the Magistrate said there was no occasion for it.





SAMUEL JUDAH SOLOMON
. I reside at 24, Chamber-street, Goodman's-fields. I was about six or seven yards from the prisoner and the prosecutor—I saw the man that was stabbed—I went to him and said, "Why, you are stabbed"—he did not know it at the time—I put my hand to his face, and I said, "He has stabbed you"—as I passed, Isaw a knife, in the prisoner's hand—the person who had been stabbed went and struck the prisoner—he turned round again, and I said, "For God's sake run; he will kill you"—he ran, and the prisoner pursued him across the road—I do not know who the man was.





WILLIAM WATKINS EDWARDS
. I am a surgeon of the London Hospital. I examined Cotton's right arm, on 6th Oct.—there was an incised wound on the fore-arm, about three inches long, and about half an inch deep, inside the arm—if it had been about a quarter of an inch deeper, it would have wounded the artery—it might have been inflicted by a knife like this—it was more of a cut than a stab—I should imagine it was drawn along the arm—I have continued in attendance on him—the wound is not yet well—it has prevented him from attending to duty—it bled a great deal—his arm is stiff—if moved, it would most likely break out again.

Prisoner's Defence. Two men came up and knocked me down twice, and attempted to rob me; the policeman took hold of me; I thought it was an accomplice of the robber had got hold of me; I drew the knife across his arm. WILLIAM LLOYD
re-examined. The prisoner did not suggest how this might have arisen—he said he used it in self-defence—he did not say anybody had attempted to rob him.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.

