



1983. 




GEORGE SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
1st of June, 2 sovereigns, the monies of 



Thomas Page, from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






THOMAS PAGE
. I am a pensioner, living in New-row, Deptford. On Wednesday, the 1st of June, I went to the Royal Charlotte—I had something to drink, and asked the prisoner to partake of a pot of porter—he drank with me—I had about two sovereigns and two shillings in my pocket, when I gave a sovereign to my wife I saw the prisoner wink to another man, and then I told him to leave me—he struck me, and I lost my senses.





JOHN HENRY EDWARDS
. I was in the Two Brewers, on Wednesday evening, the 1st of June—I saw the prosecutor come in with a female and a little child—he called for a quart of ale—the prisoner came in—the prosecutor said, "Get out of my sight"—he gave him a glass of rum, and then the prisoner sat down by the prosecutor, and began to feel his pocket, and said, "You have got plenty of baccay," I then saw him draw out something which looked like a piece of rag—the prosecutor gave a sovereign to pay for the pot of ale, and then the prisoner took a glass of ale, and dropped it, and broke the glass—the woman said, "You have broken the glass"—he said it was all through that d—d old rogue, and I said, "You have robbed the man," the prisoner up with his hand, and struck the prosecutor in the eye, and then I said, "You rascal, you have robbed him, and now you ill-use him"—the prisoner said, "I will go and pay for the glass," and then he went away, and a policeman was sent for.

Prisoner. Q. Why did not you take me when you saw me take the money? A. I did not know it was money.





KEZIAH DYER
. I was at the public-house, and saw the prisoner take and break a glass, then he hit the prosecutor, and took from his pocket a kind of bag, and put it into his own—be hit me, and went out of the house.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not tell persons that you were so drunk you were not capable of seeing any thing? A. No.





JOSEPH GREEN
 (police-constable R 107.) I told the prisoner I took him for robbing Page of two sovereigns—he said he could always get over such a little job as that.





BENJAMIN LOVELL
. (police-constable R 15.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—



Transported for Ten Years.
