



787. 




ELIZA RIDLEY, alias
 Hartley




, uttering counterfeit coin; having been before convicted.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL.
 I am assistant-solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Eliza Ridley at this Court, in the June Sessions, 1847—I have examined it with the original record, it is a true copy (read.)





JOSEPH MOULDS
 (policeman, K 327.) I apprehended the prisoner, and was present at her trial in June last—she is the same person.





SOPHIA VYER.
 I am the wife of Frederick Vyer, a tobacconist of New-road, St. George's-in-the-East. On 2nd Feb. the prisoner came and asked for a half-ounce of tobacco, and threw down a crown-piece—I did not approve of the look of it, but it sounded well, and I took it, and gave her 4s. 10 1/2d. change—before she left I bit the crown and found it very soft—I turned the counter to follow her—a neighbour stood at the door, I asked him about it—the prisoner was the gone—I at last got it changed by Rosenberg—it

was brought back to me ten minutes or a quarter of an hour after—I looked at the mark I had made with my teeth, and being certain it was the same, I returned the change—this is it (produced)—here are the marks I made—I am quite certain it is the one I received from the prisoner.

Prisoner. I was never at her place at all, and know nothing about it. Witness. I am sure she is the person—she was a stranger till that evening, but I notice her—it was six o'clock, and I saw her again at half-past eight.
---- ROSENBERG. I live next door to Mrs. Vyer. On 2nd Feb., I changed a five-shilling piece for her, and returned it to her in a few minutes—I had kept it in the till in the mean time—I had no other five-shilling piece in the house—my husband bent it—I am positive I returned the same I had taken from her.





FRANCE CULLEN.
 I keep a chandler's shop, in Tothill-street, Stepney, about half a mile from Mrs. Vyers. On 2nd Feb., about seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came for half an ounce of tea, a quarter of a pound of sugar, and a penny candle, which came to 3 1/2d.—she gave me a crown piece, I gave her the change, and she left—I was rather doubtful of it, and as soon as she was gone, I took it into the public-house, next door, and in consequence of what they told me, I ran after the prisoner—she was gone—I put the crown into a drawer, where it remained till the following Tuesday—I then gave it the policeman—I put a scratch on it under the head—this is it (preduced)—I had locked the drawer, and kept the key.

Prisoner. I never was in your place at all; it is impossible for you to say it was me. Witness. She is the same person—I had never seen her before, but I took particular notice of her.





AMELIA BARTLETT.
 I am the wife of Frederick Bartlett, a chandler, in New-street. On 2nd Feb., at twenty minutes past eight o'clock, the prisoner came and asked for half a quartern loaf, and a penny candle—I served her—it came to 4 1/2d.—she dropped a five-shilling piece on the counter, and pretended to be looking for a sixpence—she said she supposed she had lost it, and tendered me the crown piece—I saw it was bad—she said she did not know it—I sent for my husband—he said it was bad, gave it me back, and went for a policeman—the prisoner said she was an unfortunate girl, and a gentleman had given it her the night before—a policeman was brought, and she was given into custody, with the crown, to the policeman—it had not been out of my sight.





WILLIAM NORMOILE
 (policeman.) I produce the crown piece I received from Mrs. Bartlett on 2nd Feb.





CALEB EDWARD POWELL.
 The three crowns are all counterfeit, and all cast in the same mould—they are made of what is termed Britannia metal.




GUILTY. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Justice Coltman.

