




1159. 




GEORGE THOMAS
 and 



DAVID TILLEY
 were indicted for

 stealing a handkerchief, value 1s.; the goods of a man unknown, from his person, and that Thomas had been previously convicted of felony.






HENRY WEBB
 (police-constable G 106.) On Friday evening the 1st of May, about half-past seven o'clock, I saw the two prisoners walking and talking together, in Goswell-street—Thomas stood behind a gentleman, who was looking in at a shop window—Tilley stood behind Thomas—I watched and saw Thomas take a handkerchief from the gentleman's pocket—the gentleman turned round and took it out of his hand—Tilley ran away immediately—Archer, a policeman, was with me at the window—he took possession of the handkerchief—I ran after Tilley and caught him fifty or sixty yards from the window—I said he was with the chap that stole the handkerchief at the window—he said he was not—I took him to the station.

Tilley Q. Did you see me run away? A. Yes.

Tilley. It is false, you did not see me move; I was not ten yards from my house when I was taken.





JOHN ARCHER
 (policeman.) I saw the two prisoners go to the shop-window together—a gentleman was looking in at the window—after they had stood there sometime, the gentleman turned round and seized one of them—I saw the handkerchief in Thomas's hand afterwards—the gentleman gave it me and said, "This boy has taken my handkerchief"—I do not know who the gentleman was—he had a lady with him, and said he would follow on to. the station, but he never came.

Thomas's Defence. I was standing at the window, a boy came up and

said "Take this"—I did not know what it was; the gentleman came up and said, "You have got my handkerchief;" I said, "I have not got it;" he searched me and found it on me.

Tilley's Defence. I never saw anything of the other prisoner, and do not know him.





JAMES FOREY
 (police-constable C 650.) I produce a certificate of Thomas's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted 15th Sept., 1845, having been before convicted, and confined six months)—Thomas is the same party.

THOMAS—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Ten Years.


TILLEY—


NOT GUILTY
.
