




396. 




ELIZA REDMAN
 was again indicted for

 stealing, on the 
19th of November, 2 shawls, value 3l., and 40 yards of mouseline-de-laine, value 3l.; the goods of 




Daniel Sanger: and




MARY ANN BIRD



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






EVAN HUGHES
. On the 19th of November Redman came to Mr. Daniel Sanger's, and asked to look at a black-ground mouseline-de-laine, for Mrs. Cook, which she had seen in the window the day previous—she selected one, which she said was the one that Mrs. Cook wished—she took it, and came back in about ten minutes, and said it was not quite good enough, she wished to have four more, to select one—I gave her these four for Mrs. Cook, who is a customer—these two shawls now produced I also gave her for Mrs. Cook to look at.





MARY BRINE
. I am servant to Mrs. Cook, who lives at Camberwell,

and deals with Mr. Sanger. On the 19th of November I was at home all day—Mrs. Cook was ill, and did not see any one—I am sure she did not see Redman—she came to he house, and inquired for Mr. Cook, who is a surgeon, I said he was not at home—she said he was wanted at Mrs. Price's school, at Peckham—she brought a parcel, hut did not leave it.





JOHN BURGESS
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce two shawls, which were pledged by Redman on the 21st of November.





SAMSON DARKIN CAMPBEL
. I am a police-sergeant. I went to Bird's, on the morning of the 1st of December—I asked if her daughter had brought home any shawls or dresses—she said she had not, if she had she must have known it—I said I bad information that such things were there, and I hoped, for her own sake, she would tell me—she denied it—in consequence of what Mr. Burgess told me I went again on the Friday, and asked if her daughter had brought any mouseline-de-laine dresses or shawls there, she denied it—I said, "Do you know any thing of any shawl, or dresses being pawned?"—she said, "No "—I said, "Do you mean you did not redeem a parcel, containing mouseline-de-laine dresses, and a shawl, this night, from Mr. Burgess's?"—she said, "I did it to save my child; for God's sake forgive me."

Redman's Defence. What I gave my mother she believed me to have bought, and paid for them.

REDMAN*—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

BIRD—


GUILTY
. Aged 41.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There were four other indictments against Redman.)
