




1109. 




JAMES KELLY
 and 




JAMES YOUER
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




Henry Cookson, on the 
22nd of February, at 
Rotherhithe, and stealing therein 1 coat, value 10s.; 2 pairs of trowsers, value 1l.; 1 jacket, value 5s.; 1 shirt, value 2s.; 4 handkerchiefs, value 35.; 1 waistcoat, value 2s.; and 1 petticoat, value 6d.; his goods.






JANE COOKSON
. I am the wife of Henry Cookson, a labouring man, and live in Manor-lane, in the parish of Rotherhithe. On Tuesday, the 22nd of February, I left home at one o'clock in the day, leaving no one in the house—I locked the door—I am sure, for I tried the latch of the door, and put the key into my pocket—I came back about six in the evening, and found the door had been burst open—the latch that the lock goes into was broken off—I went into the house and missed a handkerchief from a bundle which was at one corner of my bed-room, and contained other things—I missed a jacket, trowsers, and shirt from the dirty linen—I gave an alarm, and went out into the yard—my husband fetched a policeman—I then missed a coat, waistcoat, and a pair of trowsers, three hand kerchiefs, and a petticoat' from a box in the bed-room—they were there when I went out—they were my husband's property—I saw part of them at a clothes-shop in Kent-street, on the Saturday, as I missed them on the Tuesday—(produced)—this shirt belongs to a young man named George Harvey, whom I wash for—these trowsers and jacket are also his—this handkerchief belongs to my husband.

Kelly. Q. What time was it when you left your house? A. One o'clock.





CHARLES POPE
. I am in the employ of Mr. Hunt, a bone-factor, in Manor-lane. On Tuesday, the 22nd of February, I was standing in Mr. Hunt's yard, which is near the prosecutor's—he lives in the yard—he has a house there—I saw the prisoner Kelly go up to Cookson's house about four o'clock, and I saw Youer standing out in the lane, about ten yards from their house—I had known the prisoner Your for six or eight months, and Kelly about a month—Kelly was dressed in a blue jacket,

trowsers, and Youer in a fustian jacket and trowsers, and a green south-wester—I did not see them do any thing.





CHARHLES LEWIS
. I am a labourer—I was employed in a yard near Mr. Hunt's—I know Cookson's house well. On Tuesday, the 22nd of February, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I was near there, and saw Kelly come from Cookson's house with a bundle under his arm, wrapped in a reddish handkerchief, and Yoeur was standing at the gate—they both went away in company.





RICHARD COLLINS
. I am a shopman to Messrs. Wharton, pawnbrokers, No. 443, Bermondsey-street—I produce a coat, waistcoat, and trowsers, which I took in pledge on the 22nd of February from the prisoner Kelly—I did not know him before—I gave him a duplicate—I am sure he is the person.





MARY DAGO
. I keep a clothes-shop at No. 284, Kent-street, Borough. On Tuesday, the 22nd of February, I purchased these boots, shirt, jacket, and handkerchiefs of Youer—I asked him what made him sell his clothes—he said he had been on the Croydon Railway at work, and had been three months out of work—the jacket was on his back, and the trowsers tied up in this handkerchief under his arm.





WILLIAM BOWER
 (police-constable M 202.) I took Youer into custody—I asked what he had done with the property—in consequence of what be told me I discovered some at Mrs. Dagg's, and the pawnbroker gave up the rest.

Youer. He has taken a false oath, I never told him where the property was.

Kelly's Defence. I was coming from St. Katherine's Dock and met a man with a bundle, he asked if I would pawn it for him, and he would give me a drop of drink—that was at half-past twelve o'clock or a quarter to one—I went and pawned them in the name of John Collins, and gave him the tickets—I knew nothing about their being stolen.

Youer's Defence. About half-past one o'clock I saw a lad come from the house, in a blue jacket, trowsers, and coat—he said, "Have you got any coat?"—I said "No"—he said, "I have been out of work three weeks and must pledge my clothes"—I said it was a bad job—he gave me the jacket to put on—I went first with that to Mrs. Dagg, who offered 1s. 6d. for it—I came out and told the lad—he said he would take it; and he gave me the other things to sell—he gave me something to drink.
(Ann Mowser, of No. 77, Paradise-street, Rotherbithe, gave Youer a good character.)

KELLY—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

YOUER—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.




Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

