




166. 




CHARLES GIBBS
 and 




CHARLES PHILLIPS
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



George South, on the 
1st of Nov., at 
St. Mary Newington, and stealing therein 2 coats, value 2l.10s. 5 scarfs, 3l. 10s.; 2 handkerchiefs, 1l.; 1 breast-pin, 1l.; I waistcoat, 15s.1 watch-key, 6s.; 1 cap, 4s.;1 shawl,6s.; and 1 hair-pin, 5s.; his goods; and that Gibbs bad been before convicted of felony.


MR. PARRTY
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE SOUTH
. I am a licensed victualler, and keep the Duchess of Kent public-house, in Deverell-street, Dover-road, in the parish of St. Mary, Newington. On Saturday, the 1st of Nov., about seven or eight o'clock in the evening, I went out into the back yard and found my back gate open, which was a very unusual thing, as it was not an entrance for customers, but merely a private back gate—I went back to the bar, got the key and double-locked the gate to secure it—that was as near twenty-five minutes or half-past seven as possible—I went up stairs to get an apron, unlocked my bed-room door, and found the window wide open, and the dwarf-blinds also—I looked out the window, and found the large looking-glass gone from the dressing-table, and put outside on the leads—I searched the bed-room

further, and missed five or seven scarfs, two satin neck-handkerchiefs, two waistcoats, one crimson-velvet and the other a drab-plush, and a watch, key was in one of the pockets—I also missed a cloth-cap—Gibbs has been in my employ occasionally for the last eighteen months, and knew the nature of my premises well—he has been up in my bed-room—I met him about eleven on the following Monday morning—I had a policeman in plain clothes with me—we met Gibbs, and he had a pin in his stock very much resembling one which I had lost, and a little gold chain attached to it which I was positive was mine—I gave him into custody, and Went to the station-house with him and the policeman, who searched him and found on him this crimson-velvet waistcoat and cap now produced—I can swear to the waistcoat—it was concealed under the waistband of his trowsers, and the cap was in his bosom—that ii also mine—I had seen Phillips once or twice in the week previous to the robbery—I did not employ him on the night of the 1st of Nov. to carry anything from my premises.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALDWIN. Q. You knew phillips by sight? A. Yes, seeing him there once or twice the week previous to the robbery—not with Gibbs—the back gate leads into Bland-street, by the side of the house—there is no lamp nearer the gate than the corner of the house—there is no lump at the gate—the nearest parish lamp is opposite my house, but I have three lamps round my house—the back gate is in the same street as the tide of my house—the gas lamps are all in front of the house, in Deverell-street—the gate is some distance from the corner, the length of the house and kitchen, which is about twice the length of this Court.

MR. PARRY. Q. Does either of the gas lamps in front of your house, cast any light on the side of it? A. Not so far as the back gate—there it no gas light near the back gate—I do not think I had been in my bed-room after ten in the morning.





THOMAS TURVEY
 (police-constable M 196.) I took Gibbs into custody, by Mr. South's direction—I was with him—I searched him at the station, and found this cap and waistcoat on him—when I was searching him, he said, "Now I am done, I will give it up"—I produce the pin, which was in hit stock.

MR. SOUTH
re-examined. This pin, I believe, is Gibbs's—I have seen him wear it—it is not mine—this other pin exactly resembles the pin I lost, but the stones have been token out, and turned upside down—the chain on it is mine—I can swear to it by a little crack at the end of the link, which I have found come undone in my scarf several times—this chain was in my room at the time of a previous robbery, not at the time in question.





NAOMI JARMAN
. I live with my father and mother, at No. 142, Great Suffolk-st, Borough—I shall be 13 years old next June—I work at the shirt business. On Saturday evening, the 1st of Nov., I was coming from my work, and passed Mr. South's house about a quarter after seven o'clock—I left my work about ten minutes after seven—as I passed Mr. South's house I saw the prisoner Phillips come out of Mr. South's back gate, in Bland-street, carrying a bundle in both his hands—he went up Bland-street—I was on the same side of the way as he was, on the board near to him—I was going the same way as he was—he ran, and turned the corner of Great Bland-street—I saw him by the gaslight when he came to the corner—I saw him stand at the corner of the street, and then he ran, and passed along the Dover-road as fast as be could—I saw him again on the Tuesday following at Mr. South's, in the tap-room—no one was with me—there were two or three others in the tap-room bedsides Phillips—I recognised him immediately—I told the policeman I recognised him—I have no doubt of his being the man I saw that night.


Cross-examined. Q. Which way were you coining at the time the man came out of the premises? I was coming into Bland-street from Deverell-street—I am sure I saw him come out of the gate—he ran towards me—I was quite near to him when I saw him come out of the gate—I was standing on the board, skipping—I had got a very little way down Bland-street when he came out—it was rather dark—there was no lamp near—I did not go back—he followed me down Bland-street to the corner of the street, and there was a gaslight, and I saw him plainly—it was a shop light—this was about a quarter past seven o'clock—I had left work rather sooner than usual, and I looked at Mr. South's clock as I went past—it could not have been as early as six, or as late as half-past eight, or nine—it was a quarter past seven, I am certain—was quite sure of him when I first saw him in the tap-room—I said I was quite sure at first—I did not say I could not swear to him, but I thought it was like him—I never said that—I am quite sure he is the man—there was no time at which I doubted it—I have all along been quite sure he was the man, and always said so—I looked in his countenance, and he had rather a long nose—the other persons I saw in the tap-room were men—I did not I know any of them—they were sitting down—there was one man standing up, and Phillips sitting down, and two or three others sitting down—some were labouring people, and the others like gentlemen—I am satisfied he is the man, and that he actually came out of the gate—he did not merely pass the gate—I saw him come out—he left the gate open—he did not stop to shut it.

COURT. Q. You did not know Phillips before? A. No.





HENRY BARRY
 (police-constable M 171.) From information I received I apprehended Phillips—I asked him if he knew of the robbery at Mr. south's, the Duchess of Kent, in Deverell-street—he said no, he did not know where it was—I said, "You had better go round with me to Mr. South's, I have orders to take you into custody wherever you are found"—he said he would go with me—I said in going along, "You don't know where the Duchess of Kent is?"—he said, "Yes, I do know it"—I said, "Why not say so when I asked you?"—he said, "I said so, because I did not want the man that was with me to know I was there on Saturday night."

Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure he said on Saturday night? A. Yes, I had asked him if he had heard of the robbery at the house on Saturday night, and he said no, he was not there—I said we could bring very good proof that he was, and in going along he said he was there on Saturday night, but denied it in presence of the man, because he did not wish him to know he was. there.

Gibbs's Defence. I went home about ten o'clock that day to see my brother; I stopped with him all day, and came home about six o'clock; I crossed over towards the prosecutor's house to see the time, and under the wall there was this waistcoat; I put it under my waistcoat and went home; on the Monday I was coming home from my own house; Mr. South came up to me and said, "I will swear to the pin he has got in his breast;" I said, "No, you cannot swear to that;" and at the station-house he could only swear to the chain; I said I know nothing of the robbery; they began to search me, and found the waistcoat; I said, "I will give it up," which I did.

MR. BALDWIN
called the following witnesses.






ELIZABETH DARKE
. I live at No. 13, Bennett's-buildings, Kennington-road—my husband is the mate of a ship at present—I know the prisoner Phillips—he has no wife, that I am aware of—he has a sister—his eldest sister makes dresses for me—he lives in the London-road—he has lived there some time, and is a fishmonger—I have a particular reason for remembering being

at his house on the 1st of Nov.—my husband and myself were there about half-past six o'clock in the evening—we are certain it was that hour—(my husband went abroad on the Monduy following)—I was there three quarters of an hour—I saw the prisoner there, sitting in a chair at the further end of the shop, talking to a young woman with an infant in her arms—I staid there more than half an hour, or it might be three quarters—the prisoner, his mother, and sister Mary were there, and a young person, whom I have since understood to be named Goldsmith—she was standing there talking to him with a child in her arms—he never left her but once, and that was to serve me with some fish—I left the house, as near as I can judge, at a quarter past seven o'clock, for, at the time I got home, which is no great distance, the man was passing down there with beer—I do not know Deverell-street.

MR. PARRY. Q. Is Goldsmith here to-day? A. I believe she is, and hit sister Mary—I have known Phillips's family five or six years, and I have known the prisoner by dealing with him—his sister is a dress-maker—the younger sister was not in the shop—it is not a very large shop—it is a sort of fish-stall rather than a shop, but it is a shop.





DANIEL PARTLOE
. I am a tailor by trade, and live at No. 1, Queen's-street, Walworth. I have known Phillips and know his house—I was there on Saturday night the 1st of Nov.—I have reason particularly to remember the circumstance—I distinctly remember that I was there that night—as I was returning from the London-road, Phillips nodded to me, and I crossed over to his shop—there was a lady and gentleman in the shop who I did not know—I walked into the shop and sat down, and the lady and gentleman went away—it was Mrs. Darke, but I did not know her—I went into the shop about seven—Phillips was there at that time—I stopped there until half-past nine—he did not go out during that time, I am quite positive—he was there all that time—I have known him for the last eleven years—I know nothing of him but being an upright honest man, attentive to his business.

MR. PARRY. Q. You are a tailor? A. A tailor by trade—I keep a shop at No. 1, Queen-street, Walworth.

Q. As you are a tailor tell the name of any customer you have been doing business for lately? A. That I have been doing business for lately? am I allowed to answer that?

COURT. You are perfectly at liberty to answer it. Witness. Answer who I work for?

MR. PARRY. Q. Answer the question. A. Who I work for?—why I work for Mr. Johnson,—he lives at No. 5, Tooley-street—he is a potato merchant—I worked for him when I lived in Bermondsey-street—the last job I did for him is two months ago—I did not live in Bermondsey-street then—I do not exactly live by tailoring—I live by selling clothes, and letting out carts and, trucks, and I take my bag across my back and cry clothes—I buy clothes.

Q. Can you mention the name of any other customer you have done business for lately? A. I have done business for—what do ye call him there, what was Lord Mayor some time ago—I am quite confused, and cannot exactly recollect the name—I forget his name upon my life and soul—I do not know the Duchess of Kent public-house—I was never in it in my life, nor hardly any other public-house—I got to Phillips' house at seven o'clock and was there till half-past nine—I then left Phillips in his shop—I cannot say how far his shop is from the Duchess of Kent—I know Deverell-street, that is about three quarters of a mile from Phillips' house—it would take about six minutes to walk there at a sharp pace—I was there from seven o'clock till half-past nine—we were talking about business—I asked Phillips how be found business, and he asked how I found it and I said very bad—I had nothing

to drink there—I am not in the habit of drinking—I had nothing to eat—I do not know whether any meal was taken by the family—the family do not live there—there was nobody there besides Phillips and me after Mrs. Darke left.





ELIZA PHILLIPS
. I am the prisoner's sister—I remember the 1st of Nov.—I was at my brother's house that evening, from six till nine o'clock—Mrs. Darke was there, Mr. Partloe and my brother—I did not go away at nine—my brother did not go out during that time—I remember the day particularly—I remember Mrs. Darke coming—I was standing at the back part of the shop some part of the time while Partloe was there, and part of the time I was at the door—I am sure my brother was there from six till nine.

MR. PARRY. Q. Do you live there? A. No—my brother did not I leave at nine—I remained in the shop it might be a few minutes more than I nine—Partloe was not there all the time—we had no tea or supper while he was there—we had tea before he came—I cannot say how long Partloe was there altogether—I did not remark what time he left—I spoke to Partloe I while he was there, and asked how his wife was—there was no drinking I between my brother and Partloe—I do not know what business he had tbere—he visits my brother sometimes—I believe Partloe left some time before me—I cannot say whether he left at eight o'clock—perhaps it was half-anhour before me—my brother is of the Jewish persuasion—we open shop on Saturday night as soon as it is dark.
(William Thomas Homer, tailor and hatter, Stoke Newington; William Sawyer, greengrocer, London-road; and George Peacock, corn-merchant, St. George's-road, Southwark; deposed to Phillips's good character.)

Gibbs. I cannot bear to see a man's life sworn away, and I plead guilty myself; I never saw Phillips in my life; he was not there at all; the prosecutor is as big a scamp as ever lived; in my opinion, the child has been bribed to do this I cannot stand hers and bear a man accused of what I am guilty of.

MR. SOUTH
re-examined, Phillips came to my house two hours after robbery—I saw him there at night, and he stopped there till half-past ten o'clock.





HENRY BARRY

re-examined. He denied being at the house that night, or that he knew the house at all—he afterwards admitted that he had been there—he did not state what time he was there—I mentioned the robbery to him, and then he said the reason he denied being there was wishing the man not to know he was there.





CHARLES BURRIDGE
. I produce a certificate of Gibbs's former conviction from the clerk of this Court—(read—Convicted on the 22nd of Aug., 1842, of larceny, as servant, and confined six month)—I was present at the trial, and am certain he is the man.

GIBBS—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Twelve Years.


PHILLIPS—


GUILTY
. Aged 37.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury,—



Confined Twtlve Months.


Before Mr. Baron Parke.

