




360. 




GEORGE BARRON
 was indicted

for stealing 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 watch chain, 3s.; 1 seal, 10s.; and 1 watch-key, 1d.; the goods of 



John Webb, from his person.


MR. HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN WEBB
. I live in Clark'a-cottages, Devonshire-place, Lambeth. About three weeks ago I was in the Queen's Arms, public-house, Kennington-lane—I had been out on business, and was a little tipsy—the prisoner was in the room when I went in, but he was not with me—he asked me for something, and he was taking some bits of bread off the table—I threw down a penny, and said, "You had better get half a pint of porter'—he went out and brought in some gin and water—I said I did not want any, if I did I could pay for it myself—I took some of it—another man came in, and he and the prisoner sat on each side of me—I recollect nothing more till I got home—I was undressing and missed my watch—I went and gave information to the police—I saw the prisoner the next day—I was quite sober then—I asked him to go and have something to drink—when I got him into a public-house I laid, "It is you that has got my watch and no one else"—he said, "By G—, I have not got it—I had it, and I am sorry for it, and I gave it to Augustus May"—(that is one that they have not taken)—I had a letter sent me, but I do not know who wrote it—there was a duplicate in it—I took that to the pawnbrokers and got the watch.





JOHN FENN
 (police-constable L 54.) I took the prisoner on Saturday, the 22nd of Nov.—I asked him if he could tell me where Augustus May was—he said, "I suppose you want to know about the old man's watch?"—I said I did—he said, "I have not got it now; Augustus May has got it"—I said, "How do you know that?"—he said, "I have seen the duplicate"—I said, "Then he can't have got it"—he said it was a lie—he swore he would not tell me where it was pawned.





BENJAMIN MOSS
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce this watch—it was pawned with me.





ALEXANDER URQUHART
. I am a painter, and live at Kennington. I was in the Queen's Arms public-house—I saw the prisoner there, and Mr. Webb—I recollect May coming in, and after the prisoner had brought in some gin and water, to Mr. Webb, the prisoner and May bad some conversation, and they went out—they came in again with more gin and water, and they and Mr. Webb were drinking—the prisoner was sitting on the right of Mr. Webb, with his left arm round Mr. Webb's waist, and his hand towards his pocket—I made an observation to the ostler that they were about no good—I went away, and left them there.

Prisoner. I know nothing about the watch.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten years.


ADJOURNED TO MONDAY, 5TH OF JANUARY.
