




2773. 




WILLIAM CASTLES
 and 




GEORGE JOHNSTONE
 was indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Mary Patience Wardall, at 
St. Olave, Southwark, on the 
24th of October, and stealing therein 38 spoons, value 20l.; 1 mustard-pot, value 10s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 8s.; 1 sugar-sifter, value 6s.; 1 pap-boat, value 12s.; 4 knife rests, value 1l.; 2 knives, value 10s.; 1 pair of scissors and sheath, value 4s.; part of a cruet-stand, value 5s.; 1 eye-glass, value 2s.; 1 fork, value 2s.; 1 neck-chain, value 2s.; 2 pairs of earrings and drops, value 10s.; 2 rings, value 10s.; 1 locket, value 2s.; 1 brooch, value 2s.; and 1 twopence; her property.


MR. PRICE
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES TIDMARSH
. I am a policeman. On Sunday evening, the 24th of October, about ten minutes before seven o'clock, I was watching in Thomas-street, and saw a person, not in custody, walking to and fro near the prosecutrix's house, in East Thomas-street—I watched him for ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, at which time he was joined by the prisoner John stone—they conversed together for a few seconds, and in about ten minutes the prisoner Castles came out of No. 31 or 32 (I will not swear which, the doors are so close together), and joined them—they separated after conversing a few seconds—Castles wenton the left-hand side of the street, and Johnstone and the one not in custody on the right-hand side, walking opposite one another—I followed them to the top of Thomas-street, and at the Obelisk by London Bridge I saw Castles had something very heavy in his pockets—I saw a constable near the bridge—I then collared Castles—I told him I wanted him, and made a motion to the constable, who came towards me—the other two ran away over the bridge towards the City—they were pursued, and Johnstone was brought back—the other was lost altogether—I took them into a tobacconist's shop, searched Castles, and found in his coat and trowsers pocket and hat all the articles now produced—(producing them)—I also found these skeleton keys, and part of a box of lucifers on him—I lost sight of Johnstone, but recognised him when he was brought back, and am sure be is the man—I knew him before the occurrence—I was about fifteen yards from him when I first saw him.





MARY PATIENCE WARDALL
. I live at No. 32, Thomas-street, East. The property produced is mine—the spoons have my initials on them—they are all mine—I lost them on Sunday night—I keep the house—it is in the parish of St. Olave, Southwark—my brother fastened the house when we left it in the evening—I did not see him fasten it, but I saw that it was fastened—we left the house together, with nobody in it—I returned from church about eight o'clock, found the street door standing open, and missed the articles produced—the policeman made a communication to us that night, and I saw the articles at Union Hall next morning—when I left the house I tried the door, and it was fast.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Does your brother live with

you? A. Yes—he is doing nothing at present—he is between fourteen and fifteen years old—I am not married—I keep the house, and keep a day-school.





FREDERICK WARDALL
. I fastened my sister's house on Sunday evening, about ten minutes before six o'clock—I pushed up the front parlour shutters, pulled the street door after me, and tried it—it was quite fast—it opens by a large key—I was present when my sister tried it as she passed it to go to church—when we came back in the evening it was open about a foot—the lock was not injured—it was pushed back.





EDWARD FUNNELL
. I am a policeman. Between seven and eight o'clock on Sunday evening, the prisoner Johnstone ran past me on London-bridge, not very fast, from the Borough—in consequence of information, I followed and took him at the corner of King William-street—he said nothing then, but when we got about half-way over the bridge, he said he had just come from Rat cliff-high way, and bad been drinking there, and said, "I came up the steps, did you not see me?"—I said, "No, I saw you on the bridge"—I took him to a tobacco-shop, where the other prisoner was searched, and then to the station.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Of course you have told us exactly what occurred? A. Yes, I remember every word he said to me, and cannot be mistaken—he first passed me on the bridge, not a rod from the corner nearest to Adelaide-place—there are steps leading up from the water, and steps out of Thames-street.

CASTLES—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.

JOHNSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.




Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

