




763. 




JOHN COLLINS
 and 




JAMES WILLIAMS
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
16th of Jan., 330lbs. weight of pork, value 5l. 12s.; and 1 cask, 2s.; the goods of 



John Hutley.






EDWARD HANSON
. I am carman to Mr. John Hutley, a wholesale cheesemonger, in Broad-street, St. Giles's. I put out a cask of pork from half-past six to seven o'clock on the 16th of Jan.—I saw it safe about seven, and a little after eight it was missing—the pork was worth 5l. 12s., and the cask 2s.,—this is the cask—here is my master's mark on the head of it





WILLIAM CHADWICK
 (police-sergeant F 2.) I was on duty in High-street on the 16th of Jan., just before eight o'clock, nearly opposite the prosecutor's shop—I saw the prisoner Collins and another man go to the prosecutor's shop, roll away a cask, and take it to the comer of George-street—they then went and spoke to Williams, who was walking up and down in sight of the prosecutor's shop—I am sure he was in sight of it when Collins and the other man were rolling the cask away—he did not touch it, but they left it and went and spoke to Williams—he walked to the shop, looked in, and then came to them again—then they commenced rolling it away—when they got to George-street, I saw a truck—Collins had hold of the bottom of the cask in the truck, and the other man had hold of the handle to pull it down—they then saw me—the other man ran away, and I caught hold of Collins, and asked what he was going to do with it—he said he did not know—I expect Williams was at that time against the shop.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had Williams anything with him? A. No—I had not seen him before.





WILLIAM CHADWICK
. I am a police-inspector. I stopped Williams near the prosecutor's shop—I told him he must come to the station—he said he knew nothing about it—I had not said any thing to him previously.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you been to Mr. Hutley's shop before you went to Williams? A. I had—I went and told him he must come with me to the station—that was directly after I came from the shop—he was about three or lour yards from the shop.





ELLEN REARDON
. I keep an apple-stall opposite the prosecutor's shop. Williams came to me about a quarter-past seven o'clock—he said, "Did you see a wagon with eight horses?"—I said, "No"—he said he came up three times a week, and he wanted to take six of them—he put his hand on the cask, and then he put his foot, and rolled it a little—I did not see Collins.


Cross-examined. Q. Did you know Williams? A. No—I never saw him before—I have been sitting in that street about fifteen years—Williams was talking to me about ten minutes—there were not a great many persons about—I never told anybody what I had heard till next morning, when the shopkeeper asked me about it—when Williams pushed the cask, I went away—I generally stand in one place in St. Giles's—I was not there when the officer took Collins—I went away two or three minutes after Williams spoke to me.





STEPHEN CALCOTT
. Collins hired a truck of me that evening.

Collins's Defence. I was coming along St. Giles's; a respectably dressed man told me to go to the Spur Inn, in the Borough, to fetch two boxes and a beds ead, for 2s.; I agreed to do it; I went and got the truck, and when we came to the corner of George-street, he said, "We will go and have a drop of gin;" we did, and then he said, "I have got a cask to leave on the road;" he left me with the gin, and was gone six or seven minutes, and when he called me the cask was at the tail of the truck; I was lifting it up, and when the man saw the policeman he ran away and left me; I never saw Williams till he was taken.

COLLINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 38.—



Confined Six Months.


WILLIAMS**—


GUILTY
. Aged 44.—


Transported for Seven Years.

