



2249. 




GEORGE CARTER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
9th of Sept., at 

St. Pancras, 2 gowns, value 30s.; 1 shawl, 5s.; 3 pairs of stockings, 3s.; 1 pair of garters, 6d.; 1 cage, 6d.; 2 printed books, 6s.; 1 watch, 2l.; 2 brooches, 10s.; 4 rings, 1l.; 2 pairs of ear-rings, 10s.; 1 pair of bracelets, 5s.; 1 pencil-case, 6d.; the top of a pepper-castor, 1s.; 2 candlesticks, 5s.; 1 knife, 1s.; 5 spoons, 5s.; 1 fork, 1s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, 1s.; 1 pair of scissors, 1s.; the goods of 



Mary Smith; in the dwelling-house of 



James Smith.






ELIZABETH KEOUGH
. I am sent to Mr. Bourne, of Jeffries-terrace, Kentish-town—between eight and nine o'clock in the evening of the 9th of Sept., a person knocked at the door—I went into the garden at the back of the house, and mistress went to the front door—hearing her make an exclamation, I ran to the front door, and found the prisoner in the front garden—I think he attempted to get over the rails—I caught hold of him, and a man came and took him from me—he had a bundle under his arm when I took hold of him—the house is in the parish of St. Pancras—Mr. James Smith's house is two doors from ours.





JOHN BARNES
. I am pot-boy at the Nag's Head, Kentish-town. On the evening of the 9th of Sept. I went to No. 11, Jeffries-terrace, with some beer—I saw a policeman and two gentlemen go down the area of No. 9, which was empty—I stopped at the door of No. 11, and saw the door of No. 9 open—t e prisoner came out with a bundle—he jumped over into the fore court

of No. 10, the next house, and I saw Keough catch hold of him—I went to her assistance, and held him till the policeman came up—the prisoner said nothing, but, "It is all right."





THOMAS LAKE
 (police-constable S 50.) On the 9th of Sept. I went to the area of No. 9, Jeffries-terrace, and noticed foot-marks on the ledge of the window—I entered that way, and while I was examining the bottom of the house I heard the street-door slam—I went up the area, and found the prisoner in the garden of No. 10—I took a bundle from him—he said he should not make any resistance, that he was a good deal hurt, and wished to go to a doctor—I found this watch and jewellery in his coat pocket—the property was claimed at No. 12, the house of James Smith, which is in the parish of St. Pancras—we got him a doctor—he had injured himself, in getting over the iron railing from No. 9 to No. 10—I have some candlesticks, brooches, rings, silver articles, pencil-case, a fork, a watch, a hat, the top of a pepper-box, a pair of scissors, a screw-driver, matches, a candle, and some wearing apparel.

Prisoner. Q. Did you hear the door slam? A. Yes, you shut it as you went out—I took the bundle from you.

Prisoner to
ELIZABETH KEOUGH. Q. Did the policeman take the bundle from me, or was it on the ground? A. I do not know.





JAMES SMITH
. I live at No. 12, Jeffries-terrace—my sister Mary is single, and occupies two rooms in the house—a person can get from the parapet of No. 9 to the upper window of my house—I know this ring is my sister's—it is a family ring, and was made for my father—this plated knife is hers, and the watch—the wearing apparel I believe to be hers—I have no doubt of it, and these candlesticks—I was alarmed when the prisoner was taken—I went up to my sister's room by desire of the police, and I found it in confusion—I know many of these articles to be hers—she is not in a right state to attend here—my house is in the parish of St. Pancras.





MARTHA ROGERS
. I am house-maid to Mr. Smith—Miss Mary Smith lives in the house—I attend. to her—I know several of these articles to be hers—they were kept in the rooms in the upper part of the house—I believe all the articles produced to be hers.

Prisoner's Defence. I am not guilty of the robbery, I was not there two minutes; I had not sufficient time. The policeman is satisfied I had not time to commit the robbery; the property was given to me; I was not there five minutes.

MR. SMITH
re-examined. The things were safe between eight and nine o'clock—my sister had been out, and had just come in when the alarm was given.





MARTHA ROGERS
. I cannot say when I saw the articles last—it might have been a week—she only used them occasionally.





JOHN BARNES

re-examined. I came up to the house from ten minutes to a quarter-past eight o'clock—a young woman said there was something the matter—I stopped at the house, and when the policeman had been down four or five minutes, I saw the prisoner run out, and the young woman lay hold of him.




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Ten Years.

