





691. 




MICHAEL M'CARTHY,



 CHARLES EDWARD LEWIN
, and 




WILLIAM TYRRELL
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
7th of Jan., 1 handkerchief, value 3s. 6d., the goods of 



James Hunter, from his person; and that M'Carthy had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES HUNTER
. I am in the service of Mr. Pritchard, an outfitter, in the Strand. On Saturday evening, the 7th of Jan., about six o'clock, I was walking down the Strand—the policeman came to me—in consequence of what he said, I felt my pocket, and missed my handkerchief, which was safe in my pocket within an hour before—this it it—I know it by the pattern, and there is a mark in one corner, put in by the laundress, which is similar to one I have on another.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you seen this mark before you lost the handkerchief? A. Yes.





JAMES LEWIS ASHMAN
 (police-constable F 119.) On the evening of the 7th of Jan., between five and six o'clock, I was on duty—I saw the three prisoners and another person with them, walking together in the Strand, towards Temple-bar—I saw the prosecutor—as he passed, they all four turned and followed him—I saw Tyrrell try his pocket twice, but he did not succeed

—they went on further, and then M'Carthy picked the handkerchief from the prosecutor's pocket—Tyrrell and Lewin were covering him—I followed M'Carthy—they all separated, and then the other two prisoners joined M'Carthy—I got the assistance of two other officers, and took them—I told M'Carthy I took him for picking a gentleman's pocket—he said he knew nothing of it—at the station I found the handkerchief in Lewin's right-hand breast pocket.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you first see them? A. Nearly opposite the bottom of Southampton-street—I was alone, in private clothes—the handkerchief was taken near Buckingham-street, on the left-hand side from Temple-bar—the gentleman was walking quietly on—the prisoners were walking—Tyrrell was close to his pocket when he tried, and the others were behind him—I was on the other side of the way—they followed the prosecutor from near about the Coal Hole—he was going towards Charing-cross—Buckingham-street is beyond the Coal Hole, nearer to Charing-cross.

M'Carthy. Q. Why did you go and ask the gentleman whether he had lost his handkerchief before you took me? A. I wanted to take the whole four if I could, but they separated, and these three came together again.





ROBERT HIBBS
 (police-constable F 35.) I produce a certificate of M'Carthy's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present—he is the person.

M'CARTHY—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.


LEWIN—



GUILTY. Aged 22.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.







Confined Three Months.


TYRRELL*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined Six Months.

