





356. 




JOHN DRISCOLL



, stealing 1 coat, value 8s.; 1 basket, 1s.; 3 sheets, 1l.; 12 pillow-cases, 12s.; 3 shifts, 3s.; 2 night-gowns, 4s.; and other articles; the goods of 



Jeremiah Morphew; and 





ELIZABETH GILL



, for feloniously receiving the same; Driscoll having been before convicted.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






JEREMIAH MORPHEW.
 I live in Gravel-lane, and am a labourer. On 24th Nov., between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, I was sitting in my kitchen behind the parlour—the boy Thompson alarmed me—I ran up New Gravel-lane—Thompson ran another way—I returned, not being able to find any one—I met Thompson again, and went with him and a policeman to 5, Match-walk, I saw Gill, and asked her whether any men had brought in a basket of clothes and a coat—she said, "No"—the officer asked for a light, and directly it was brought, my coat was lying in the passage, at the corner of the staircase—the officer searched further and found a basket of clothes in the cellar—the clothes and the belonged to me—they had been in my parlour.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY.
Q. Gill was sitting in the back parlour when you went to her house? A. Yes—she came out into the passage to me—you go into the yard to go into the cellar—the officer broke the cellar-door open and, brought up my basket of clothes.





ALEXANDER THOMPSON.
 I live at the workhouse. I was going down Gravel-lane that evening, between eight and nine o'clock, near Morphew's house, and saw Driscoll and two other men walking about the door—one of them went in, brought out a coat, and gave it to Driscoll, then in again, fetched out a basket of clothes, and carried that himself—Driscoll went one way, right up the lane—the other towards the Match-walk—they both went towards the Match-walk, in different ways—I went to the Match-walk, and saw them go into the house with the clothes—a man was walking back-wards and forwards before the door—he asked me what I wanted.

Cross-examined. Q. What it No. 5, in the Match-walk? A. I am not sure—it was the same house that Morphew and the officer went to afterwards.

Driscoll. Q. What can you swear to me by? A. By your face—I never saw you before.





THOMAS BENSON
 (policeman, K 255.) I went with Morphew, between eight and nine that evening, to No. 5, in the Match-walk, and found Gill sitting by the fire—I asked her if three men had brought in a coat and a basket of linen—she said, "No, I know nothing about it"—I went out, went in again, asked her for a light, and found a coat lying at the bottom of the stairs—Gill was then sitting in the back parlour, with the door open—I searched the upper part of the house and found nothing there—there were some folding doors to go down to the cellar, fastened by a padlock—I asked Gill for the key—she said she had it, then said she had not, and then said it was hanging on a nail—I directed an officer to break the door, and in the cellar we found this basket of clothes—Gill said the cellar was kept for her own use, she kept pigs-wash in it, and no one had any access to it but herself—I did not find any key of the cellar—Gill seemed very much confused when the basket was found, and said she knew nothing of its being there—it was impossible that any person could have gone into the house without her knowing it—the back parlour-door was open, and she was sitting there—they could not go through the passage without her knowing it, but the coat was in the front part, they might have got that in—the back parlour-door

faces the passage—they have to go through that, to the two folding-doors leading to the cellar.

Cross-examined. Q. The folding-door are in the yard? A. Yes, they are attached to the house—there are not four or six houses open in the same ground—I went all over the house—it is a lodging-house—she did not say the key hung on the nail for the use of all the people in the house—there was a frying-pan on the nail, but no key—she told me no person had any business in the cellar but herself, and she kept it for her own exclusive use—the back parlour-door was not shut when I was there—if it had been shut they must have heard persons passing the passage.





RICHARD FROST SMITH
 (policeman, K 277.) I produce a certificate of Driscoll's former conviction—(read—Convicted Oct., 1846, and confined nine months)—he is the person.
(William Moon, William Moor, Christopher Batt, a messenger, and Benjamin Jackson, a seaman, gave Gill a good character.)

DRISCOLL—


GUILTY. Aged 22.

GILL†—


GUILTY. Aged 52.





Transported for Seven Years.

