






95. 




RICHARD BULL,



 WILLIAM JOHNSON,



 JOHN CRITTLE
, and 




DENNIS LEONARD
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
12th of October, 1 gelding, price 25l.; 1 saddle, value 25s.; and 1 bridle, value 5s.; the property of 




Edward Long.


MESSRS. CLARKSON, CHAMBERS, and
ESPINASSE, conducted the Prosecution.





CHARLES GILBERT
. I am in the service of Mr. Edward Long, a farmer, at Mersham, in Kent. About seven o'clock, on the evening of the 11th of October, I locked up his black horse in the stable—I took the key to my own house—I went the next morning, about a quarter before five—the door of the stable was unlocked, the horse had been taken away, also a bridle and saddle—I cannot say when I next saw the horse—it was brought back by Charles Gower—I am sure it was my master's—I had known it about two years—I had groomed it, and attended to it—my master's bridle was brought back, and a saddle, which I believe was my master's.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You saw another black horse before you saw this one? A. No—I did not see one which my master claimed as his—I knew the horse by grooming it, and by its

ways, and by its features—it has no marks by which I know it—its make is much like the make of other horses.





CHARLES GOWER
. I am in the service of Mr. Long—I was at Marylebone police-office, on the 27th of last October—I received a black horse which was Mr. Long's—I brought it back to Mr. Long—Gilbert came to the stable just as I got there with the horse—I knew the horse myself—for two or three years I have seen it two or three times a day—sometimes I have had it at the mill or the farm—I know Crittle—he was in Mr. Long's service five years ago—I saw him on the 11th of October, at the Marlborough public-house, at Ashford, which is about four miles from Mersham, with a man and woman—I saw him again at the Paul Pry, half-an-hour after, and then there were two men with him, one of which was Leonard, and to the best of my belief, Johnson was the other—I asked Crittle where he lived when he was at home—he told me he lived at Chatham—I asked him whether he was married—he told me no—I staid there ten minutes or a quarter of an hour.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You are not sure of Leonard? A. I cannot swear to them, but to the best of my belief they are the men—I left them in the beershop between four and five o'clock in the afternoon—I never saw Leonard before to my recollection.

Crittle. I told you I was out of place and had come to the fair. Witness. No, you never said a word about the fair.





ABRAHAM COOK
. I lived at Ashford in October last—I knew Crittle years ago—I was brought up with him—about three o'clock on the 11th of October, I saw him about six rods from the Marlborough public-house, at Ashford—I am sure it was him—he spoke to me—I did not notice any one with him—I had some beer with him at the Marlborough—while I was there Gower came in—he and Crittle talked together—soon after Crittle went out towards Mersham—we had drunk our beer, which he paid for—I said I would be a pint—he said he did not want any more, he should go—he did not say any thing about any one else.

Cross-examined by—MR. PREMDERGAST. Q. Were you at the public-house a long time with him? A. No; about twenty minutes—I and my wife were with him—I did not go any where else with him.





RICHARD FORD
. I live at Ashford—I was at the Paul Pry public-house about twenty minutes past one o'clock, in the afternoon of the 11th of October—there was Leonard and a taller man in the tap-room drinking—I did not see the taller one's face—he sat against the fire with his back to me—I saw Leonard again about four in the afternoon—I was in my master's store-house—I saw Leonard come down, going in the line of the Paul Pry, but do not know where he went to—one man was with him, but I do not know who that was.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Do you know Gower? A. Yes; I did not see him at the Paul Pry at one o'clock—I did not know Crittle before.

COURT. Q. Did you know Leonard before? A. No; I did not see him again till I saw him at Marylebone on the 27th of October.





MARY FORD
. I lived at the Paul Pry beershop—on the 11th of October, between twelve and one o'clock, I saw Johnson—he came in and out of the house—one person besides him came in first, then they went out, and two others came in with him—I served them with two pints of mild beer—Johnson paid for it—there was a mole on Johnson's left cheek, which was

remarkable—I see it now—I cannot recognize either of the others—the latest time I saw Johnson there was between five and six.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did you ever see Leonard with Johnson at all? A. I cannot say I did—I saw two men with him, but I did not take that notice of the others that I did of him.

MR. CHAMBERS. Q. When was Ashford fair? A. On the day after Old Michaelmas—it was the day before the fair that I saw them.





HENRY ROCK
. I am a fell-monger, and live at Mersham, in Kent, about half a mile from Mr. Long's—I bad a bay mare in my stable on the night of the 11th of October—I made her up about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, and locked the stable-door—I had a pannel saddle in my stable, which is used to carry skins in our trade—I went to the stable about four the next morning, and found the door was partly shut—the lock was gone, and had been prised open by an iron bar, which had been taken out of a cart—the mare was gone, and the saddle and the bridle—my mare was worth 15l.—I would not nave taken that money for her—on the 26th of October I saw the mare again at the stable of the green-yard, St. Luke's, in possession of the police—I have since seen my pannel saddle at Marylebone sessions-house.





CHARLES STANLEY
. I live at Kingsworth, about two miles and a half from Ashford—on the morning of the 12th of October, about four o'clock, I was in the turnpike-road, which leads to Maidstone, near to Ashford—a man passed me on a black horse—he asked me what it was o'clock—I said I did not know whether Ashford clock had gone four or not—after that two other men came up, both on one brown horse—they were coming from Bromley-green, which is in the road from Ashford to Maidstone—they passed by me to come towards Ashford, and from Ashford there is a road to Maidstone—I do not know whether they could have come from Mersham by that way—I saw them in the direction from Kingsworth to Ashford.





JOHN FILMER
. On the 12th of October I was toll collector at Criswill-gate, which is in the parish of Thurnam, on the high road between Ash-ford and Maidstone, about three miles and a quarter from Maidstone. About six o'clock in the morning of that day, two horses came through the gate—one person was on each horse—Johnson was one, and Leonard was the other—one horse was black, and the other was a brownish sort of a horse—Johnson was on the black horse, and Leonard on the other—the black horse had a saddle on—I did not observe the other—there is a hill coming up to the turnpike—I heard them trotting the horses up the hill hard—Johnson paid me the toll for both—it was light at the time.





BENJAMIN COLLINS
. I am a tin-plate worker, living in High-street, Shoreditch. I have a stable near my house—I am in the habit of buying horses for my business—I know all the prisoners—I was out with my horse and cart on the 12th of October—I returned between seven and eight o'clock in the evening—when I got back, I saw Johnson in my yard with a bay mare and a black horse—I had seen Johnson and Bull before, and on that occasion bought a pony of them—they represented themselves as horse dealers—Bull said so, to the best of my belief, and Johnson ac-companied—him in the affirmative—on the evening of the 12th of October, Johnson asked me if I could accommodate him with a stable for the two horses for that night—I told him I was afraid I could not, as I had but one stall—he said that would do very well—I agreed to do so—I went

with Johnson from the stable, after he put them in and gave them some hay and water—in going home I met Bull in Shoreditch—I asked him how he did—he said, "Quite well"—I had had some horses on trial—he asked if either of the hores would suit me—I told him I did not want any, the one I had would suit me—I went to a public-house with Johnson and Bull—I did not see them again till I saw them at Marylebone office, about a fortnight afterwards, in custody—the horses remained in my stable till Friday morning—Bull said he and Johnson would be down the next morning to take the horses away—both Bull and Johnson said so, but they did not come—on the evening of the Wednesday, Leonard came, and asked me if I had two horses left at my house or stable, or left with me—I said I had—he then asked me what sort of horses they were—I told him—he said he had come from the parties who had left them, and asked me if I could take care of them for two or three days—I told him, No, I could not accommodate him so long, for two horses were in one stall, and I was afraid of an accident—I then asked him why the parties had not fetched them away who left them—he told me they were gone into the country to ascertain the price for which they were to be sold, as they had had a note that morning—he asked me if I could not accommodate him till the next morning—I agreed to let them stop one night more—I then saw no more of him till Friday morning, when he came, accompanied by Crittle, to fetch the horses away—Crittle asked me if I should like to purchase one of the horses, or if I knew of a buyer of such a horse as the black one—I told him I did not at present—I then referred them to a stable—he said he had bought it from his late employer in the country, that it bad belonged to an old gentleman—I referred Leonard to a man named Hurst, but previous to that, Crittle and Leonard agreed to take them to show a person—Crittle went out and got a boy to lead them—the horses were then taken away by Leonard—Crittle was gone to a person named Page, to see if he would have them—I saw both Crittle and Leonard again the same day in Smith field market—I asked Crittle if he had succeeded in selling them to Mr. Page—he said he was not at home—I then saw him go and speak to Page in Smithfield—on the following day, the 16th of October, I saw Crittle close by my stable—he asked me if I had heard of a customer—I told him I had not—he pressed me very much to buy one, and he went away—soon after I saw Leonard—he said he had not seen the parties from the country yet, and would I oblige him with another truss of hay, as he had not got any money, and I did—on the following Thursday evening, the 21st, I met Crittle two doors from my shop—he asked me if I knew where Leonard was—I told him I did not—he asked me if I knew where he put up the black horse—I told him I did not—I referred him to the stable in the Curtain-road—he said, if he knew where the horse was, he thought he had got a customer who would buy it there and then—on the 23rd Crittle came to me while I was standing at the shop door, and asked me if I could lend him a saddle, as he wanted to go into the country—I told him I had not got one by me, but if he called on Monday, I had an old one I had lent to a person, if that would be of any service to him, he might have it for a few days—I saw no more of him—when Johnson brought the horses to my stable, there was a saddle on each horse—to the best of my recollection, one was a very large one—I do not know what a pannel saddle is—that is the one claimed by Ruck—the saddles had not been removed at the time the horses were—they were left in the loft—

I delivered them to the policeman—I cannot say whether these bridles were with the horses—it was very dark.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Leonard came to you first on the Wednesday? A. Yes, I had never seen him before—he asked me what sort of horses they were—I described them—he appeared to me to be ignorant what sort of horses they were, but merely to have received information that there were two horses—and when he saw the horses he appeared not to have seen them at all before—he did not tell me that be had heard that Bull was in custody—he told me they were gone into the country —that it was in consequence of some sort of message from them be had come—I understood be bad the message from their own mouth—nothing occurred to give me an impression that be had seen the horses before.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Was it not Johnson who came to you first and spoke? A. Yes—he came alone, to the best of my knowledge—it was not till he spoke to me that I saw Bull—I believe Bull is a horse-dealer.

MR. CHAMBERS. Q. How do you know be is a horse-dealer? A. He came to me some time ago with a man I bad seen at Barnet—I asked Bull what he was—he said he was a horse-dealer, and travelled the country.

COURT. Q. Did you not give Leonard the information to go to Wright's? A. No—I do not know Wright.





JOSEPH WRIGHT
. I am a cab proprietor, living in Pelham-street, Brick-lane. On Sunday, the 17th of October, Leonard came to my place, between ten and eleven o'clock in the forenoon—I was in bed—he after that came again, and brought a bay mare—I gave it up to the officer, at the Featherstone-street station—it was claimed by Mr. Ruck—Leonard sold me the mare—he told me he bad had it nineteen months—he came to me by the name of George Smith—I gave information myself to the Magistrate, when I heard the man was in custody—I saw the same mare at the green-yard, on the 26th of October, when claimed by Ruck.





JOHN HARVEY
 (police-constable G 118.) I received a mare from Wright, I took it to the green-yard in Bunhill-row—it was claim by Ruck.





THOMAS HENRY THOMPSON
 (police-sergeant D 84.) On the 13th of October I went to No. 40, Homer-street, Marylebone, and in the front-room on the first-floor I found Bull and Johnson—I said to Bull, "Dick, I have come after you"—he said, "Very well, I suppose I must go;" and in going to the station I asked if he knew what I was taking him for, I said it was for the three horses—he said, "I did not steal them, they were brought to me to the Stingo by Farren's man "—I left him in the station, and went back to Homer-street—I found Johnson remaining there—as I entered I saw him throw from him a bag—I took it up, and found it contained twelve skeleton keys—I then said, "You are my prisoner "—I found in his left band coat-pocket this cart-plate, with the name of "Thomas Blackburn, farmer, Tonbridge, Kent," on it—he said he had picked it up in the road coming from Kent—I then took him to the station.

Johnson. I deny having such things about me.





EDWARD LONG
. I am a farmer, living at Mersham, in Kent On the night of the 11th of October I lost a black horse—I saw it again on the 26th of October at the green-yard at St. Luke's—it was the horse that had been taken from ray stable—I saw another black horse before, and made

a mistake about its being mine—I lost a bridle and saddle at the same time—this is my saddle, but the stirrups are not mine.

HENRY RUCK
re-examined. I received this saddle, with the other, from Collins, and these two saddles from Inspector Harvey—Collins was present when I received them—one was my pannel-saddle.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDEROAST. Q. Where was it you received these? A. In Marylebone Court-house—I took them home—I kept my pannel saddle—they were both taken from the Court-house in a sack—they went down to the Borough, where we slept that night—I received them in the Borough at the Nag's Head public-house, on the 27th—I believe Gower took them home the next day—I did not part with my own—I cannot say where Mr. Long took his.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was one of the saddles yours? A. Yes, it was a pannel-saddle—Collins was present when the two saddles were brought to the justice-room.





CHARLES GILBERT

re-examined. Mr. Long's horse was brought home by Gower—the bridle came home on the horse—there was a saddle came home—I cannot say whether it was Mr. Long's, but to the best of my belief it was.

MR. PRENDEROAST. Q. What became of the saddle? A. Here it is—I have had it ever since—I cannot say whether it is the saddle belonging to my master's horse or not—I am sure a saddle came home—I do not know whether another came home afterwards or not.

EDWARD LONG
re-examined. This is the saddle I lost on the night in question—my black horse is worth 25l.—Crittle had been in my service four or five years since—I had had the black horse two years.

Cross-examined by—MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. How do you know the saddle is yours? A. I had it made new, and there is a flaw on it, which I pointed out when I had it, and one of the stirrups' leathers has not been broken—the stirrups had been changed—they are not mine.

Crittle. Q. Did I behave dishonestly by you? A. No.





BENJAMIN COLLINS

re-examined. I was present in the police-court at Marylebone when these two saddles were produced in the presence of Ruck—I do not know where these two came from, but the two that I gave to Harvey, I saw in the office—Harvey sent them by some one.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDEROAST. Q. Are you sure they were the same saddles? A. Yes—they were placed in the loft in the evening, and the next morning I went to give the horses some hay at six o'clock, and I saw the saddles there—those saddles produced before the Magistrate were the same that I had had in my stable.

MR. PRENDEROAST
called the following witnesses for the defence:—





THOMAS BEIGHTON
. I am a sergeant in the grenadier-guards. I know Leonard—I have had transactions with him—I remember the 11th of October very well—I saw Leonard on that day about one o'clock, or a very short time after—he was at my lodging, which was then at No. 12, Church-street, Kensington—he was with me from five minutes past one till ten minutes before six o'clock in the evening—we had a little discourse on former times—I had known him three or four years—I had lent him previous to that the sum of 5s., and on that day we had four pints of porter, and he paid me what I had lent him—he left me at Kensington-gate at ten minutes before six—I know the time because I went to parade—I know it was on

the 11th of October because I came into waiting on the 12th—that is to attend to all military duties for a week—to keep the books, and to warn every man to his duty, that is what is called "orderly sergeant" in some regiments, but we call it "sergeant in waiting "—my week expired on the Tuesday following—there are three sergeants, who take it in turns fourteen days out and seven in—I am quite certain it was the 11th of October that I saw Leonard.

MR. CHAMBERS. Q. What day of the week was it? A. On Monday, and I went in waiting on the Tuesday at one o'clock, in Kensington barracks—I am attached to those barracks—I have no book here to show when I went on duty—I cannot bring the duty-book here—my name is down in the books—I have been looking at the books—it is given from sergeant to sergeant—it is not from looking at the book that I know of this—I cannot tell when I first heard of Leonard being taken—I was out of waiting at that time—it might be from eight to ten days after the 11th of October, when I heard of this—I do not know when I was first called to give my evidence on this subject—I believe it was on Monday last—the solicitor served me with a subpoena—I had lodgings for my family—my wife was at home on the afternoon of the 11th of October—she is not here—she has a young baby to attend to, and to work—she was at home to tea that afternoon—she knew Leonard before I did—Leonard was in the habit of visiting me at different times—the last time he visited me might be on the 4th of September—I know we had shifted quarters—we came from the Tower to Kensington, and that was the time he borrowed the 5s.—that was not at my house—I was at a public-house with him—I was not in waiting then—we are not allowed to go to public-houses when on waiting—we may drink at home, but must keep ourselves sober—when I got my subpoena, I looked in my casual rulebook to see what day it was I saw Leonard—I could not bring the casual rulebook here—it is wanted at seven o'clock in the morning and again at one—they could not call the men's names over if I brought the book away—I could not have had it if I had asked the officer—the book lasts perhaps for six months—I have not seen Leonard since that day, when he paid me the money—I had not not seen him between the time he borrowed the money and the time he paid it.

Q. How do you know that it was not on Monday the 4th? A. I tell you I came in waiting the very day after—that is rather an extraordinary thing to me—I have duties to perform there which concerns myself, and not other persons—I have the books to keep, and to give them over to the other sergeant—Leonard asked me if I would go and see him—I said I was going in waiting the day following, and could not get out of barracks—Iwas to go to see him at No. 13, Beecham-street, Paddington—I have seen Bull before—my wife is his sister.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Is Bull at all connected with Leonard? A. That is more than I can tell.





FREDERICK GILBERT
. I live at No. 13, Beecham-street, Paddington. On the 12th of October I saw Leonard, at half-past eight o'clock in the morning, at the door of that house—he lives there.

MR. CHAMBERS. Q. What are you? A. A carpenter—I am in the employ of Mr. Dann—I do not know where he lives—he has got a job at Nottinghill—he is the taskmaster—I do not know whose job it is—I was working with Dann at a job of Mr. Scandelburg, a master-builder at Bayswater, and then Dann employed me at the job at Nottinghill—I have been at that job about a fortnight—I do not know what day of the

month I went, it was a fortnight last Monday—it was six weeks before that that I left the other job—I do not know what day of the month it was when I left my other job—I was not doing any thing for that six weeks—Ican read—I have not got an almanac—I have not seen one these six months to look at it—I was subpoenaed last Friday to come here—when Leonard was taken there was a talk about it in the house—I was not in the way—I was not doing any thing on the 11th or on the 12th of October—I cannot tell what sort of a day it was—I did not take any notice of that—Leonard had a hat on—when I came round the corner, I saw him at the door—I recollect that it was on the 12th of October, because we moved out of that house on the 13th—it did not rain when we moved—my mother and I moved out—I have only removed about five minutes' walk from there—I did not inquire what Leonard was taken up for—he has been a friend of mine—I do not know the other prisoners—my mother and I had the front and back parlour in that house, and Leonard had the back kitchen.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Are you quite sure that the day you saw him was the day before you moved? Yes.

BULL—


NOT GUILTY
.

JOHNSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

CRITTLE—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

LEONARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 31.





Transported for Fifteen Years.
