





742. 




JOSEPH BRUCE,



 MICHAEL GLYNN
, and 



JOHN OGAN
 were indicted for

 breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Patrick Callaghan, on the 
4th of February, at 
St. George, Hanover-square, and stealing therein, 7 sheets, value 1l. 5s.; 2 candlesticks, value 3s.; 2 waist-coats, value 5s.; 1 petticoat, value 2s. 6d.; 4 spoons, value 3s.; and 2 blankets, value 1s.; the goods of the said 



Patrick Callaghan.






PATRICK CALLAGHAN
. I am a labourer, living in Willow-walk, Vauxhall-bridge—it is my dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square. I left my home at a quarter-past twelve o'clock on the 4th of February, and left my door locked—I returned about four o'clock in the afternoon—I found the door broken open, and the drawers and a crow-bar laid on the floor—I had been robbed of seven sheets and the other things stated, none of which have been found—Glynn worked for me before Christmas for a short time.





CATHERINE CALLAGHAN
. I am the prosecutor's wife. I came home about three o'clock in consequence of hearing of this robbery, and these things, which were all safe in the morning, were gone.





SAMUEL CHINCHER
. I live in Old Rochester-row, Westminster. Between one and three o'clock on Tuesday, the 4th of February, I was in New Rochester-row—I saw these prisoners, and another boy, who is not in custody, going together, in the direction of the prosecutor's house.





WILLIAM JAMES COOK
. (A prisoner.) I live at No. 4, Peter-street, Westminster—I have known the prisoners some time. On the 4th of February I saw Glynn in the fields at Westminster—he had under his jacket a waistcoat, made up, and a piece of waistcoating, not made up—Bruce had a flannel-petticoat, and the other boy, who is not caught, had four sheets in a basket—Ogan was looking for a policeman—(I had not been with them the first time they went to the prosecutor's house)—this was about two o'clock—they told me to go and look out for a policeman, they took the property to No. 1, Pear-street, and then they asked me to go with them—I said, "Yes," and we all went to the prosecutor's house—

Glynn took a sheet off the bed, and out of one of a drawer—I took one out, and put it in a basket—we took them to No. 1, Pear-street, which is a prostitutes' house—there were two brass candlesticks, four spoons, and a copper kettle, which they did not take away—they planted them under the wall—I do not know how they got in at the door—Glynn told me they broke it open with a crow-bar.

Glynn's Defence. I had nothing to do with it; I was at market at three o'clock, with my mother.

BRUCE—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.

GLYNN—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.




Transported for Ten Years.—Convict Ship.

OGAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 13.—


Transported for Ten Years.—Isle of Wight.

