



58. 




EDWARD CHANDLER
 was again indicted

 for embezzlement.






ROBERT BLACK
. I am a baker, and live in Queen-street, Lambeth. The prisoner was my journeyman for about three months—he was on the 26th of Oct., 1842—I sent him out with a basket that day, and if he received the sums in question that day he did not pay them to me—he absconded, and never could find him till I saw him at Marylebone Court-house—Mr. Morris and Mr. Miller dealt with me—if they gave the prisoner this money he never gave it to me.

Prisoner. Q. Of course you inquired my name when I came to your situation? A. I do not know that I did—I knew you by the name of Edward Chandler—you referred me to Mr. Knight when you went away—I inquired there, and he could not tell me where you were—you sometimes took bread when you were going as you said home.





REBECCA MORRIS
. I deal with Mr. Black—I paid the prisoner 4s. about the 26th of Oct. as near as I can recollect—the prosecutor called the next morning, and said he had not received the money.





ELIZABETH MILLER
. I paid the prisoner 1s. in Oct. 1842—the prosecutor called the next day—the prisoner had left his basket in my shop.

Prisoner. Q. Have you any bill? A. No, I paid when the bread came.





LEWIS RICHARDSON COLE
. I dealt with Mr. Black—in Oct., 1842, I paid the prisoner 14s. 8d.—Mr. Black called on me the day after—I gave him the bill and receipt.

Prisoner. You could not swear to me at the Magistrate's office. Witness. I could not swear to you now.

COURT. Q. Did a person Come to you as. the servant of Mr. Black and bring you bread from him? A. Yes, that person brought this bill, and I paid it him—he wrote this receipt on it.





ROBERT BLACK

re-examined. This receipt is the prisoner's writing—he never paid me this money.

Prisoner. Q. How can you swear it is my writing? A. I have seen you write many times.





CAROLINE AMELIA ROBINS
. This is the prisoner's writing—he has been carrying on a correspondence with me.

Prisoner. I lived with the prosecutor fourteen weeks; on the morning I left him he blowed me up about something; I had plenty of opportunity of robbing him; I pointed out where a robbery had taken place, and pointed out the thief to him; I referred to Mr. Knight, and Mr. Black took down my name, and yet he never applied to my friends, but allowed three year to elapse before he said anything about this.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

