





698. 




WILLIAM HOWARD,



 THOMAS SYERS
, and 




WILLIAM DIXON
 were indicted for

stealing 2 table-cloths, value 1l.; 3 shifts, 9s.; 2 pairs of drawers, 9s.; 1 night-gown, 1s.; 1 curtain, 4s.; and 2 night-shifts, 2s.; the goods of 



Sarah Cooper; and that Howard had been before convicted of felony.






SARAH COOPER
. I live in Lower Gardner-street, Vauxhall-road. I am a widow and am a laundress—I left some linen on the ironing board, under the window, between seven and eight o'clock, on the 29th of Jan.—there was a pane of glass broken in the window, near the linen—I went into the room about half-past seven, it was all safe—I went in again just before eight—I found my window open and the shutters open, and the linen all gone—I have to make it good, and have not a friend in the world—here are some of the articles I lost, but a great many are not found.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Do you know the prisoners! I know Howard—I do not know Syers—Howard's mother washed for me, and he was in the habit of coming backwards and forwards to her.





CHARLOTTE ARCHER
. I live facing Mrs. Cooper's house. On Thursday evening, the 29th of Jan., at half-past seven o'clock, I was going for beer—I saw the three prisoners standing between the two houses, and as I came back I saw them running up the street—Howard had a large bundle of linen on a tea-board—I am sure the prisoners are the three boys.


Cross-examined. Q. How old are you? A. Going on for twelve—I was in Gardner-street—there were five boys altogether—there was no other boy at small as Syers—I had never seen him before—I had seen the others and knew them—I had seen them about the premises—they were coming right from Mrs. Cooper's house—I was going along and met them—the policeman told me he had got the boys, and took me to see them—he pointed out Syers, and then I thought he was the same boy.

Dixon. Q. What clothes had I on? A. The same you have now—you had a white smock-frock on, which I saw you pull up, and could see your clothes.





THOMAS COLLARD
 (police-constable B 140.) I was on duty in Vauxhall-road on the evening of the 29th of Jan., and saw the three prisoners, and two others with them—Syers was carrying this property, which I produce—I followed and took him with the property in a sack—the other two prisoners and two who were with them escaped—Syers said, "Policeman, I will tell you the rights of it; Howard gave me the sack to carry a short distance, which I did, not knowing what it contained, and now I am caught"—the sack contained these articles—I know the other two prisoners—they are the persons who were with him—I took him about twenty minutes past ten o'clock at night—I asked what he had in the sack—he said he had nothing—I said I believed he had something, and I must see—I found it was linen—I took it to the station, and seeing marks on it I went to Mrs. Cooper—I told Syers there had been a robbery committed in Gardner's-street between seven and eight o'clock—he did not say where he was that evening.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you say one single word before about his saying he had nothing in the sack? A. I do not recollect whether I did or not.





SARAH COOPER

reexamined. I had a tea-board taken away that evening, and a great many other things, but I cannot tell what—these are a part of what I lost.

MR. BALLANTINE
called






ELIZABETH PROBY
. I live at No. 18, Tash-street, Gray's-inn-lane. Syers is my nephew—he lives with his father and mother—I recollect Thursday, the 29th of Jan.—he was taken that evening—he was with me the whole of that day, and left me at a quarter to eight o'clock in the evening—he took home a Brighton plaice with him to his father, who is my brother—Mrs. Proudfoot lives near me—she is ill in bed—her daughter, who is here, saw Syers when he left my place.

COURT. Q. What was Syers doing when he left you? A. He was doing nothing at all—he had been staying along with me all day—I west to Mrs. Proudfoot's house to know what time it was, before I sent him home, that he should not be home later than nine—Miss Proudfoot saw him at my door—when I went to her house she was sitting in the parlour with her mother—she did not come out of her own place—I came back and took Syers out with me, and then she saw him—I went with him into Baldwin's-gardens—Miss Proudfoot lives at No. 20, Tash-street—I did not hear that Syers was in trouble, till the Sunday morning, when I was told by a young man who went to my brother's to see how he was—I went before the Magistrate, but was not asked any questions—I desired to be heard, and to state that the boy was with me, but the officer told me it would be no use at all to speak anything there—I spoke to Miss Proudfoot, and wished her good night as I passed with Syers—she was at her shop door, and her mother was in the parlour—they keep a coal-shed and greengrocer's.






ANN PROUDFOOT
. I live at No. 20, Tash-street. I cannot say I know Syers—I saw him once, which was on the evening on which he appears to have been taken for this robbery—at a quarter before eight o'clock his aunt came to know the time—I then saw him—he had nothing with him—I know a Brighton plaice when I see it, but I did not see one with him.

MR. BALLANTINE
to
ELIZABETH PROBY. Q. Where did you get the plaice? A. In Leather-lane—Syers had it tied up in a cloth in his coat pocket—his father lives in Horseferry-road, Westminster.

COURT
to
ANN PROUDFOOT. Q. How do you know it was on that eveninging? A. Because his aunt came to know the time, that he might be home by nine o'clock—his aunt owed me a little money—she promised to give it me that night, but did not—she came and said she would give it me if I would wait till the Saturday night following—that was what she came about, and she said, "I am going to send my nephew home; I want to know the time particularly"—she did not wish him to be out late.

COURT
to
CHARLOTTE ARCHER. Q. You said you saw the three prisoners near Mrs. Cooper's house? A. Yes, so I did—I am sure I should have known Syers again—I am sure he is one—I have no doubt about it—I had not seen him before—I know Howard and Dixon—I am quite sure Syers is the person who was with the other two—he is dressed now as he was then—I told Mrs. Cooper—I described Syers to the policeman before I saw him—I know if I do not tell the truth I shall go to hell—I heard the other boys call him Syers.

Howard. Q. What clothes had I on? A. He had another coat on beside what he has got—a pepper and salt one.

Dixon. They took me at half-past eleven o'clock in the morning; Howard had this jacket on that I have; he gave me this jacket, and I tore up the smock-frock that I had on.

COURT
to
THOMAS COLLARD. Q. Did you see Archer? A. Yes—I saw her the next day—she told me she heard one called by the name of Syers.





SARAH COOPER

re-examined. Archer told me she saw three persons, and one was young Syers.





WILLIAM MILLERMAN
 (police-constable B 95.) I produce a certificate of Howard's former conviction, at Westminster—(read—Convicted 22nd Oct., 1844, and confined six months)—he is the person.

HOWARD**—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.


SYERS*—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—



Confined Six Months.


DIXON*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

