





2716. 




ELIZABETH KELLY,



 ANN CURTIN
, and 



ELIZABETH ELLWOOD
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
19th of September, 48 yards of flannel, value 9l. 5s., the goods of 



Thomas Buckland; and that Curtin had been before convicted of felony.






EDWARD LLOYD
. I am assistant to Thomas Buckland, a linen-draper, in High-street, Shoreditch. About five o'clock in the evening of the 19th of September, I saw Kelly and Curtin standing opposite our shop door, looking towards the rolls of flannel, which were placed in a rack by the door—I went to the door, and they passed on—about half-past seven I

saw the three prisoners standing nearly opposite the shop door—I called to the other shopman not to look towards the door—I went behind the counter, and placed myself in a position that I could see their movements and not be seen by them—I saw them move towards the flannel—Curtin caught hold of the roll of flannel and lifted it up—the other two were standing close to her—Curtin then took it off the rack, and she and the other two went off at the same time—I went over the counter, and went after them—I ran after them—the roll was on the pavement, about three yards from the door—I pursued, and took Kelly and Curtin close together, one by one arm and one by the other—I told them they must come back—Kelly ran off, and left her shawl in my hand—I kept hold of Curtin—I called to a gentleman who was going by to take Kelly, which he did, and brought her back—I saw Elwood going on—another gentleman caught her—I sent for a policeman, I gave them into custody—this is the roll of flannel—it has the mark upon it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where were you when the flannel went from the door? A. Behind the counter—there was a shawl in the window, but I turned it on one side, and peeped at them—it had been raining in the afternoon—I did not examine whether the flannel was dirty—Kelly was standing by the side of Curtin—I positively swear that Kelly was there at the time.





JOSEPH WATTS
. I am shopman to Mr. Buckland. In consequence of what Mr. Lloyd told me I ran out, and picked up the flannel, which had been before in the rack by the door—I went and got a policeman.





PATRICK HOGAN
 (police-constable H 94.) I took the prisoners—they denied the charge.

Curtin's Defence. He took the flannel out of the rack, and gave it to the policeman.

Elwood's Defence. I was standing at the window, looking at the shawls—I was going to buy one, and the man came and took me.





GEORGE KING
 (police-sergeant H 16.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Curtin's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—she is the person.

KELLY—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined Six Months. CURTIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years. ELWOOD—


NOT GUILTY
.
