




69. 




JOHN SLEIGH
 and 




CHARLES SLEIGH



 were again indicted, for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



David Furminger Kennett, and stealing therein 2 coats, 20 pieces of cloth, and other articles, value 7l. 4s.; Charles Sleigh having been twice before convicted.


MR. MEW
conducted the Prosecution.






DAVID FURMINGER KENNETT
. I live at 37, Chapel-street, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square. On Tuesday evening, 6th Nov., 1 went down to my tea, between six and seven o'clock—my shop-door was fastened, the outer door into the street, and the door out of the shop into the passage—I left no one in the shop, it was not lighted—I had gone out between four and five o'clock to wait on a customer—I came back and locked the shop-door—no one can open it from the street, there is no key-hole—while I was at tea a knock came to the private door—my servant went to it and brought me down a message—in five or six minutes afterwards I heard a noise over my head in my shop—I sprang up-stairs as fast as I could, and saw John Sleigh leaving the passage—I pursued and caught him, fifteen or twenty yards off—when I got up-stairs, my shop-door, passage door, and private-door were all three open—the persons had entered the private-door, unlocked the door from the passage to the shop, and opened the shop-door—the private-door had one of Bramah's patent locks to it, which cost me two guineas—a key which John Sleigh threw away would open it—when I overtook John Sleigh I told him he had been in my shop—he said he had not, and endeavoured to get away—I told him if he got away I would forgive him—he said he would smash me—we struggled and fell—I got him up again, and dragged him towards my own door—the struggle continued perhaps three

or four minutes—I gave him into custody and returned to the shop—I found a strange bag in the shop, and two coats, and the other things of mine were in it—they had all been in the shop before, and were removed into the bag—I had seen them safe when I went to tea; also twenty pieces of cloth, waistcoats, trowsers, linen, cloth, and the other things stated, worth 7l. or 8l.

Cross-examined by
MR. M. PRBNDEROAST. Q. You cannot say that John Sleigh threw away the key? A. He put his hand to his waistcoat-pocket, and put out his hand, and I heard the chink of something falling—this key was afterwards picked up about two yards off, or not so much—there was a gas-lamp opposite—I saw two keys picked up, a short distance from each other—I ran up—there was a second man in the shop—he struck the chair when I pursued John Sleigh.





HENRY SANTON
. I live in Eaton-mews. On 6th Nov. I was going along Chapel-street, and saw John Sleigh running away, and Mr. Kennett after him—he took him by the back of the collar, and said, "Come back, you villain! you have been in my shop"—he said, "No, you are mistaken"—he went back with him a little while, and then tried to get away; but he did not—I saw him have his hand in his coat-pocket—I cannot say whether his other hand was in his waistcoat-pocket, or near it, he threw something away—I looked for it, and found two small keys—I gave them to Mr. Kennett—I did not put them with any other keys, I kept them in my hand.





CHARLES TUCKER
 (policeman, B 202). I was on duty, and found Mr. Kennett and John Sleigh struggling—Mr. Santon had these two keys in his hand—one of them easily unlocked the Bramah lock on the private-door.





ELIZA CROFT
. I am housemaid to Mr. Kennett. On the evening of 6th Nov., at a little before seven o'clock, I heard a knock at the door—I went up and saw Charles Sleigh—he asked for some furniture that was to go to the dyer's—I told him I thought he had made a mistake—he said, "Is this No. 27?"—I said, "No, this is 37"—he went away, and I went down stairs—shortly afterwards I heard a noise up stairs—Mr. Kennett went up first, I followed him, and saw John Sleigh in his custody—on the previous day Charles Sleigh came to the private door, between eight and nine in the evening, and asked if he could see Mr. Kennett—I said he was not at home, and if he had any message, to leave it with me—he said, "No," and asked what time Mr. Kennett would be at home—I said he would be rather late, and he said he would call next morning, but he did not.

Cross-examined by
MR. M. PRENDERGAST. Q. You will not say there was no furniture going to be dyed from No. 27? A, No.

Cross-examined by
MR. COCKLE. Q. Where did you see Charles Sleigh afterwards? A. At the police-court; I described him to the policeman.





JAMES YOUNG
. On 6th Nov. I was in Chapel-street, and saw Charles Sleigh looking down the area of No. 36, next door to Mr. Kennett's—he saw me looking at him, and crossed the road and looked down the area of No. 12—there were two other men there—Charles Sleigh walked past me—I stood at No. 15, and watched him—he went and looked down the area of No. 23—it was then from half-past six to twenty minutes to seven o'clock—he then turned down the mews to Chapel-place, and stood in the corner of the mews about three minutes—he moved from there, and went in the direction of Mr. Kennett's—J left, and went to see for a constable.





CHARLES CHINN
 (policeman, A 255). I was in the police-station when John Sleigh was brought in in custody—I was present at Westminster police station when he was locked up in the cell—he said, "I believe you saw me

last night?"—I said, "Yes—he said, "They make a mistake in me; I was with my brother and Jones"—he said his brother was a dyer, and lived in Castle-street—I inquired, and his brother did not live there—he was brought to the station—I went to look out, and saw Charles Sleigh outside talking to two women—I said, "Is your name Sleigh?"—he said, "No, it is not"—I said from his appearance I believed it was; I felt confident that it was—I said the charge against him was being concerned with his brother is a robbery at Mr. Kennett's—I asked him his address—he said he would talk to the Magistrate—he afterwards gave his address, 18, Cleveland-street—I went, and it was not there—I went to 18, Drummond-crescent, and found he lived there—he gave me a key which opened the door of a room there—one of the women afterwards applied to the Magistrate to have that key back again—I found four skeleton-keys and a latch-key in the room-Charles Sleigh made application for one of them.





MARGARET ALLEN
. I live at 18, Drummond-crescent—Charles Sleigh occupies the first-floor back-room there.





CHARLES CHINN

re-examined. That was the room I went into.





JOHN BOLD
 (policeman, G 374). I produce a certificate of Charles Sleigh's conviction—(read—George Jones, convicted Feb. 7, 1848, confined six month)—he is the man.





JEREMIAH LOCKERBY
 (policeman, G 180). I produce a certificate of Charles Sleigh's conviction—(read—Convicted March, 1847, confined three months)—he is the person.

JOHN SLEIGH—


GUILTY
. Aged 33.

CHARLES SLEIGH—


GUILTY
 Aged 24.





Transported for Ten Years.

