




2175. 




JULIA LEONARD



, for a robbery on 



William Ebblewhite, and was stealing from his person I watch, 3 seals, and 1 ring, value 2l. 10s.; 4 sovereigns, and 1 shilling; his goods and moneys: and 





JAMES FURLONG



, as an accessary after the fact.






WILLIAM EBBLEWHITE
. I live at Nottingham-place, Commercial-road On 8th Sept., in the evening, I was going into Fieldgate-street, and was accosted by some one—I turned suddenly round, and was struck on the back of my head with a blunt instrument—I called out, "Murder!" and fell insensible—I recovered, and missed my watch and seals, and found my pocket which had had four sovereigns and one shilling in it, turned out—they were safe five minutes before—the guard was left round my neck—Benjamin came up, and gave me my watch, without the seals—this is it (produced).





BENJAMIN BENJAMIN
. I live in Emmett-street, Brick-lane. I was in Fieldgate-street, and saw Leonard and two others follow Ebblewhite, as he left a public-house—they tried to knock him down at the corner of a court, with a kind of life-preserver, but he caught bold of the railing—he tried to strike Leonard with his umbrella—a woman with a baby then ran to one side of him—Leonard was on his other side, and a man behind him—the woman with a baby took four sovereigns from his pockets, and gare the others one a piece—Leonard took a white-handled pen-knife from her pocket, cut the ribbon, and took his watch and seals—he called "Murder!"—the three ran towards the Commercial-road—Leonard ran towards Black Lion-yard—she was stopped—I took a watch from her, which I gave to Ebblewhits, and saw him safe home—I knew them all before—I saw Leonard 3nd Furlong about an hour afterwards, in the Rose and Crown—Ebblewhite had been there before the robbery, to get change, to pay a cab man for a pane of glss which he had broken.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What time was it? A. About seven o'clock—the woman with the baby knocked me down—Sergeant Kelly has not told me what to say—I have never been accused of any offence—I never had a quarrel with Leonard.





BENJAMIN SOLOMON
. I live in Gravel-lane, Houndsditch. I saw Leonard knock Ebblewhite down—a young girl took four sovereigns out of his pocket—Leonard cut his guard with a knife, and got his watch—they all ran away a gentleman caught her, and got the watch—I gave information—I knew them all before.

Cross-examined. Q. Have not you said you knew nothing but what Kelly made you come up to swear? A. No—I am a cigar-maker.





THOMAS KELLY
 (police-sergeant, H 2). Benjamin told me something"at the station—I went with him to several public-houses, and saw the prisoners come out of the Angel and Crown—I took Leonard, and said she was charged with the robbery—before she answered, Furlong said, "The boy must be mistaken, for she has been in my company all day"—further on she said "What robbery?"—I said, "For assaulting Mr. Ebblewhite; he is in

dangerous state"—she resisted, and tried to drop something several times—I took her to the station—next morning, before the Magistrate, Furlong said, "I deny the charge; I was drinking with her, but know nothing of the robbery"—I had often seen them together before.

Cross-examined. Q. Does not she drink? A. Yes, and has very severe cuts on her head—I bad a person in custody for stabbing her on the head.





ELIZABETH CULMER
. I am the wife of John Culmer, a policeman. I searched Leonard—she took this white handled knife (produced) from her pocket.

Furlong's Defence. I never saw Leonard before I was taken with her.

FURLONG—


NOT GUILTY
.

LEONARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

