



656. 




THOMAS NIGHTINGALE
 was indicted

for feloniously forging and uttering an order for the payment of 7l. 10s., with intent to defrand 



George Dixon.






THOMAS DIXON
. I manage the business of my father, George Dixon, who keeps the Worcester Arms public-house, in George-street, Portmansquare; I know the prisoner—he is a tailor; his mother keeps a lodging-house on the opposite side of the street. On the 24th of Jan. I saw the prisoner at the bar of my father's house—he had a pint of half-and-half, and paid for it with three penny pieces—before he paid for it he produced this cheek, and asked for change for it—I gave him change, seven movereigns and a half—I presented it next day at Sir Claude Scott's—it was not paid—they wrote on it, "No account."

Q. How long had you known the prisoner? A. Not more than two or three months—he lived opposite, with his mother—he was apprenticed away from his mother, to a Mr. Cherry's—I only saw him casually—I did not see him after I had presented the check, till he was in custody.





WILLIAM CHERRY
. I am a tailor, and live in Upper Seymour-street. The prisoner was in my service as an apprentice, for three years—he left my service on the 19th of Jan., without leave—I found him at a shop in Green-street, on the 30th of Jan., and gave him into custody—during the time he was in my service, I have often seen him write—I have a knowledge of his handwriting, so as to be able to swear positively to it—this check is his handwriting—the whole of it, except the two words, "No account"—I have no doubt about it at all—I know no person named Jerningham.





GEORGE ROGERS
. I am a clerk in the banking-house of Sir Claude Scott and Co.—no person of the name of C.E. Jerningham keeps cash with Sir Claude Scott—I know no person of that name.





GEORGE FULLER
 (police-constable D 28.) I know the handwriting of Mr. Long, the Magistrate. I believe this to be it—(read)—"The prisoner asked if he wishes to say anything, answers, 'No.' "


The check being read, was for 7l. 10s., signed, "C.E. Jerningham,"





GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner, and he had been before convicted, and sentenced to transportation.)
