




1307. 




EDWARD PROCTER
 and 




JOHN MELLSON
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 mare, price 12l., the property of 



James Barford.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES BARFORD
, straw-plait dealer, Wilderness-row, Clerkenwell. I had a mare pony for sale at Robinson's depository, Little Britain. On the 31st of August, about four o'clock in the afternoon, it was brought into the yard—the prisoner Mellson came to me—he said, "Is that your pony?"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "It appears to be a very nice one; what do you want for it?"—I said, 14l.—he said, "Is it quiet and sound?"—I said, "Yes"—he said, would I go along with him to his friend; and I accordingly went with him to the Red Lion, King Edward-street—he introduced me to Procter—Procter said, "I understand you have got a mare pony to sell"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "I should like to see it"—I returned to Robinson's depository, and fetched it—it was trotted up and down—Procter came out, and offered me 12l.—I would not take it—he offered me 12l. 10s., and I closed for it—we went into the Red Lion—the pony was in the street at the time with a person who held it—Procter said he did not intend to buy a horse that day, and had not got cash enough; in fact, he bad not got any with him—I said I should not take anything but money—he said, if I would go with him to Newington Causeway, to his lodging, I should find he had money—Mellson said, "Don't let that binder you, 1 will give you the money for a note of hand"—he took out of his pocket a load of Bank of England notes, as I believed they were—I agreed to go to Newington for the money—I never agreed to take a bill or note of hand—we went to Procter's lodging—just before we got there, they both wanted to put the mare into a stable—Procter said it was his stable—they pulled a bell—a person came—I said, "I will not have the mare put in here, I will have the money first"—it

was taken and set right before Procter's lodgings, at the parlour window—we went into the house—the same man was with it—Mellson said, "I must go and get a stop"—I did not know what that was—Procter drew it up—he said, "I am very short of cash, I shall draw this note of hand for 12l., if it don't make any difference to you"—I said, "I shan't part with the mare without the money"—in the mean time Proctor was drawing the bill—Mellson took a saddle and bridle down, and put it on the mare—Procter gave me a note of hand and half-a-sovereign—we all left the lodging—Mellson said, "Come along to the George, and I will give you the money for the note of hand"—I said, "Very well"—I bad not parted with the property at that time—I left the mare with Procter, standing in front of the window—I never intended to part with it without the money—Mellson went on just before me—the man sung out, "Who is going to pay me for taking care of the mare?"—Procter gave him 1s.—I left Procter and him together, while I went with Mellson—he went in at the door of the George, and directly opposite there is another door leading into another street—he popped out there—I said to the landlord, "Is not there a gentleman resembling a horse-dealer here?"—he said, "He is just gone out at the other door"—'I did not find Procter or the mare—I looked out of the door Mellson had popped out of, and could see nothing of him—he must have gone very quick—I was not gone a minute and a half—Procter had gallopped off with the mare.

Crest-examined by
MR. BALLANTINI. Q. Did yon give a receipt for the 10s.? A. No—I put my name on this paper—this is my name—I did not read it—I am no scholar—I supposed I was signing a receipt for the 10s.—I said I did not give a receipt, because I cannot write a receipt—I do not know that it was read to me—I believe it was—I have no doubt about it—I have told you the fact—Mellson got the stamp for this note of hand, not by my desire—it is a bill of exchange—it was read over to me—I signed it—I signed the bill at seven days, when I expected to be paid immediately, for security for Mellson—I have seen bills of exchange—I cannot read them—I have had them in my possession—I believe this is accepted by Edward Procter—I saw him draw it, and accept it—the amount is 12l., and the date August 31st, 1843—I have been looking for the prisoners ever since—I could never get sight of them—I found them in custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Had you ever sold a pony before? A. No—I have sold forty or fifty horses—I saw Procter very shortly after seeing Mellson—I saw him draw the bill—I took it for security for Mellson—I took it on the day it was due, I think on the Saturday following, to No. 36, Market-street, Newington Causeway—it was not paid—I have set after them to give them into custody ever since—I have spent more than 50l. about it.





GEORGB TEAKLB
 (police-sergeant.) I produce this note—I took Edward Procter into custody on another charge, at Cheyne-walk, Chelsea.





WILLIAM WYATT
. I keep a beer-shop in Market-street, Borough. I remember seeing Barford there seven or eight months back—I did not see either of the prisoners there.

PROCTER—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.

MELLSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.





Transport for Ten Years


