





1425. 




DANIEL HOLLAND,



 PATRICK ROACH
, and 




HENRY MALLETT



stealing 1 memorandum-book, 1 bag, 4 half-crowns, and other moneys, the property of 



George Meads, in his dwelling-house; Roach and Mallett having been before convicted.






SOPHIA MEADS
. I live at the Royal Oak, in the parish of Ealing. My husband's name is George—it is his dwelling-house. On 27th June, I had a tin-box in my till with a quantity of money in it, shillings and sixpences, and a bag with 5l. in it, in half-crowns, shillings, sixpences, and fourpenny-pieces—I went down into the kitchen, and heard a noise, which drew me upstairs, and I saw Mallett go out at the door, and Roach get off the step close by the window—Holland was on the other side of the road, and laid to me," What have they done, mistress, have they robbed you?"—I said, "Yes"—I bad looked into the till, and all the money was gone—I had seen it safe not two minutes before—there was a little' memorandum-book in the till—I went after the prisoners, Holland joined them, and they went away—I saw Mallett take the memorandum-book from his right pocket, and throw it down on the footpath—this is it (produced), and this sixpence (produced), I can swear was in the bag.

Mallett. Q. Did you see me in the shop? A. Not inside—I saw you go off the step.





THOMAS TULL
 (policeman, T 22). I sent two mounted men in pursuit of the prisoners, and found this book in the path about 100 yards from the house.





CHARLES DICKMAN
 (policeman, T 103). I went in pursuit of the prisoners, and found them all three together in Gunnersbury-lane, near Ealing, about three o'clock; I saw Roach throw this bag into a ditch, it contains money—I took Mallett into custody, and saw Hammond throw something out of his hand, and about that spot fourteen threepenny-pieces, and three sixpences; one, which Mrs. Meads has identified, was found in my presence.

Roach's Defence. I never had the bag at all; I know nothing of it.

Mallett's Defence. I went across the step of the door, and that is all I know about it.





JOSEPH CHURCH
 (policeman, D 129). I produce a certificate—(read—Henry Mallett and Patrick Roach, convicted Aug., 1847, and confined six months)—they are the persons.

HOLLAND—


GUILTY
.† Aged 17.----ROACH—


GUILTY
 *† Aged 17.

MALLETT—


GUILTY
.* † Aged 17.—




Transported for Seven Years.

