




1906. 




HENRY CARDEN
 and 




WILLIAM JEALOUS
 were indicted for

 feloniously assaulting 



Willam Stockman, and putting him in fear, and stealing from his person, and against his will, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 purse 6d.; 1 sovereign, 5 half-crowns, 3 shillings, and 1 sixpence; and beating striking, and using other personal violence to him; and that Carden had been previously convicted of felony.






WILLIAM STOCKMAN
. I live in Stretton-terrace, Shadwell. On the 12th of Sept., about one o'clock in the morning, I was at the Jolly Sailors' public-house—the prisoner and two or three more were there—they began playing with my dog—I treated them to some beer—when I paid for it I had a sovereign and 17s. in a purse in my right hand trowsers pocket—I put the change, 6d. and 2d. in coppers, into my left pocket—on going out of the house I missed the dog—some person said it had gone down Twine-court—I

followed in search of it, and was followed by the prisoners and two others—when I got to a dark spot they laid hold of my arms behind—I could not I move myself—they snatched my watch from my pocket—I felt it being snatched away—I did not miss the money then—I had an old King George IV sovereign—there were four or five persons there—I cannot swear that the prisoners laid hold of me—it was very dark—they did not strike me—they held me tight—I pursued them as quickly as I could, but my right foot is broken, and I cannot run very fast—I do not know whether they knew I was I lame.





MARY MARIA BOWER
. I keep the Jolly Sailors, Back-road, Shadwell. Between one and two o'clock on this day the prosecutor and three or four men came to my house—Jealous was one of them, and I think Carden, but I cannot swear—the prosecutor missed his dog—two men went to look for it—they are not here—the prosecutor and Jealous, and another man, (who is not present,) who wore a flannel jacket and a straw hat, went out together—the others were standing outside at the time—I beard the prosecutor complaining of the loss of his property.

Carden. Q. You do not remember my being there? A. You came and called for a pint of beer.

Jealous. Q. Was I very much in liquor? A. I do not know.

COURT. Q. What business had you to keep your house open at two o'clock in the morning? A. There was a fire close by, and the tradespeople kept coming in.





JOHN FENN
. I know Jealous, he worked with me on the 8th, 9th, and 10th of this month—on the 10th, when his work was done, I paid him 16s. in silver, and 2 3/4 d.





FREDERICK PICKERING
 (policeman.) On Friday night, the 12th of Sept, I heard a cry of "Police!"—I saw the prosecutor standing at the corner of the court—he immediately pointed out Carden, who was about three yards from the house—I took him to the station, and charged him with the robbery—he said he knew nothing about it—I found Jealous concealed in a privy close by where the robbery was committed—I told him I took him for robbing a man of his watch—I searched him at the station, and found upon him a George IV sovereign, five half-crowns, and 3s. 6d.—both the prisoners were drunk.





FRANCIS GOWRAN
 (policeman.) About two o'clock on Saturday morning I saw the prosecutor outside Mrs. Bower's house, calling for a dog—both the prisoners went out of the public-house together, and went into Twine-court—I am sure they are the two men—I found a knife on the spot where the prosecutor pointed out that he was robbed.

Carden. Q. Did you see me coming out of Twine-court? A. Yet—Jealous was two or three yards behind you.

Carden. When you caught hold of my clothes you jolted the knife out of my pocket. Witness. It was not your knife that I found,





EDWARD WANDERER TOWNSEND
 (policeman.) I asked Jealous if he had 1l. on him—he said he had not, he had only 16s.

Carden's Defence. I was not in their company at all—I was at the George public-house; I came to the Jolly Sailors five minutes after the robbery had been done; the policeman said I was one of them.

Jealous' Defence. I did not know what company I was in; I went on drinking till I found myself asleep in a privy.





JAMES SUTHERLAND
. I produce a certificate of Carden's former conviction—(read—Convicted of robbery the 6th of May, 1844, and confined six months)—he is the person.

CARDEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.

JEALOUS—


GUILTY
. *† Aged 34.





Transported for Ten Years
.
