



1065. 




JAMES BRAY
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Henry Mason, about four in the
night of the 
5th of May, at 
St. George's in the East, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 jacket, value 6s.; 1 waistcoat, 5s.; 1 shirt, 3s. 6d.; 1 shirt-front, 2s.; 1 shift, 2s.; 1 pillow-case, 1s. 6d.; 1 bottle, 6d.; 1 knife, 1d.; 1 spoon, 1d.; and 1 chimney-ornament, 1d.; his goods.







WILLIAM HENRY MASON
. I live in Allen-street, Back church-lane, St. George's in the East, and keep the whole house. On the 14th of May I went to bed at twelve o'clock at night—I shut the parlour window down but did not secure it—I was alarmed at four o'clock in the morning and found it open, and the Venetian blinds which had been shut both open—I lost a jacket, waistcoat, shirt, shirt-front, and pillow-case—a bottle was missing from the mantle-shelf, and some linen of my wife's—I have since seen them all.





WILLIAM ASTBURY
 (police-constable H 151.) On the morning of the 15th of May, between four and five o'clock, I saw the prisoner on Tower-hill, about three quarters of a mile from the prosecutor's—I stopped him and asked what he had inside his waistcoat—he said it wns his wife's property—I asked where he lived—he said, "Nowhere"—I found the articles named in the indictment on him—he had the jacket and waistcoat on.





HYACINTH CLARK
 (policeman.) On the morning of the 15th of May I found the prosecutor's window open at half-past four o'clock—the shutters were back, and the blinds open—I gave him notice—the shutters were closed a little before four.

Prisoner's Defence. I met a woman early that morning; she asked me to drink with her; she had these things in her apron, and said they were her husband's clothes; she told me to take them to London-bridge, and the first house we came to we should have something to drink; I said I did not know the way; she said a boy should show me; I followed the boy, and the policeman stopped me; I said the clothes were my wife's, but after showing them to him I said they belonged to a woman who was coming after me; I was intoxicated.





WILLIAM ASTBURY

re-examined. He said nothing about a woman following him till he got to the station-house—he was sober.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Ten Years.

