



368. 




SOPHIA WELLER, alias
 Louisa Godfrey,

 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
8th of December, at 
St. George the Martyr, 1 boa, value 1l.; 1 veil, value 12s.; 1 umbrella, value 4s.; 1 shift, value 3s.; 1 handkerchief, value 4s.; and 9 sovereigns; the goods of 



William Taylor her master, in his dwelling house.






SARAH TAYLOR
. I am the wife of William Taylor, a smith, in Gloucester-street, Queen-square, in the parish of St. George the Martyr. The

prisoner came into our service on the 29th of September last from Clerken-well poor-house—she was to have 6l. a year—she received 10s. before she left—I paid her 10s. at the end of the six weeks—on Tuesday, the 8th of December, I had a child very ill, and about twenty minutes to three o'clock in the afternoon, she brought up some warm water to bathe it—I then told her to let me know when it wanted ten minutes to three—she did not do so—I inquired for her about ten minutes to three and she was gone—I did not expect her to go—she had given me no notice—I directly made search, and missed the articles stated, and nine sovereigns which had been in a chest of drawers in my bed-room—I was attending my child in another room—I had seen the things on the Saturday evening, I remember seeing the boa on Sunday—the sovereigns were locked in a drawer—there was other money there—the key of the drawer was in my reticule, which was in the kitchen—she did not return to the house—I did not see her again till she was in custody—she was then dressed very differently to when in my service—she had on a velvet bonnet and fur cape.





JONATHAN WHICHER
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner on Thursday, the 10th of December, at a brothel in George-court, Gray's-inn-lane—she was wearing this boa, this velvet bonnet, and fur cape—I found a purse in, a reticule, containing three sovereigns and 3s. 6d.—there were five other girls there—she told them to keep away from her, or perhaps they might get into trouble as well as herself—I took her to the station—I told her what I took her for—she asked me if I thought she would get transported—I did not threaten her or make her any promise.

MRS. TAYLOR (re-examined.) This is my boa—I know it by a particular mark down the seam—there is nothing else here belonging to me.

Prisoner's Defence. The officer told me it would be better to tell him where I bought the things, to save him the trouble of going about to find it out.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.
