





1834. 




JAMES CROW,



 JOHN HUMPHRIES
, and 




MARY ANN BARLOW
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
18th of June, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 



John Kennedy, from his person.






JOHN KENNEDY
. I am a salesman in Newgate-market. On the 18th of June I was walking in the Strand with a friend—I received information from an officer—I searched my pocket, and missed my handkerchief, which I had seen safe about half or three-quarters of an hour before—that now produced is it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Is there any mark on it? A. Yes.





HENRY BAREFOOT
. I am a police inspector. On Friday night, the 18th of June, about ten o'clock, I was in the Strand in company with Inspector Pearse, in plain clothes—I saw the prosecutor and another gentleman walking towards the City—as we were passing them I saw the three prisoners and another close up behind the two gentlemen—we suspected and watched them—they all seemed to be in company together—I saw Crow lift up the prosecutor's pocket with both his hands as it appeared to me—I was immediately behind him, and saw him evidently take something, I cannot say what—Barlow at the same time extended her dress right and left, covering him, and on the right of her was Humphries also covering him—I was on the left of Crow and Barlow—I immediately seized Crow, put him back against the shop front, and took this handkerchief from his hand.

Crow. Q. Did you see me near the gentlemen? A. Yes, quite close behind him—the moment his pocket was picked they all stopped suddenly, which enabled the gentleman to get a few paces forward.





NICHOLAS PEARSE
. I am a police inspector. I was with Barefoot, and saw the three prisoners together—the two male prisoners were close behind the prosecutor and another gentleman, and Barlow just in their rear—the third man was close behind Barlow—I turned round, and in a minute they all four suddenly stopped—I instantly caught hold of Humphries and Barlow, Barefoot took Crow—I did not see Crow do any thing.

Crow's Defence. I was going along the Strand, and saw a young man drop the handkerchief; I went and picked it up directly, and was taken

by the officer; I was never near the gentleman, and did not pick his pocket.
(Crow received a good character.)

CROW—


GUILTY
. Aged 41.—



Confined Three Months.

HUMPHRIES*—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.

BARLOW—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—



Confined Three Months.
