




548. 




ABRAHAM ARNOLD
 and 




JOHN ROWE, alias
 Hannett,

 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
12th of December, 1 sheep, value 2l., the property of 



John Goodman.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.





WILLIAM BURGESS
. I am drover to Mr. Goodman. On Wednesday, the 9th of December, I had thirty-two wether sheep of his, which I placed in Mr. Puddeford's field, at Southall—I went to that field on the following Sunday, the 13th of December, about eleven o'clock—on my way I met two men, named Curtis and Davis—they told me something—Davis had the skin of a down wether sheep—I knew it was the skin of one I had left in the field, and I found one missing—I went to a public-house with them—Davis had the head and pluck without the heart, and Curtis had the neck and breast.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What do you know the skin by? A. An ochre mark across the loins, and a little black dot below it—I did not make that mark, it was a country mark—other sheep are very seldom marked in that way—the black dot is very unusual.





JOHN CURTIS
. I am a labourer, in the service of Mrs. Baxter, she has a field adjoining Mr. Puddeford's. On Sunday morning, the 13th of December, I found a head cut off a sheep, about four feet from the body, and the neck and two breasts and pluck—the neck and two breasts were wrapped up in the skin—there was no heart to the pluck—the field is called Hell-corner field—I fetched Mr. Davis, the bailiff, and we met Burgess—Davis had the skin on his shoulder, and the meat tied up in it—we showed what we had found to Burgess.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What sheep were these? A. South-down wethers—this was about ten o'clock in the morning.





GEORGE DAVIS
. Curtis came and showed me these parts of the sheep—I gave the neck and one of the breasts to the policeman—the skin I left with the drover—I saw a shoulder of mutton which exactly corresponded with the neck, and the pith of the neck was cut in two—the meat was not set—it was cut in a very bungling manner—there is a turnip-field adjoining this field.





FREDERICK KEELER
 (police-constable T 44.) I was in Mr. Puddeford's field on Sunday morning, the 13th of December, and saw some wool in the hedge, and a gap cut in the hedge, and some one had been through—I saw the marks of cord trowsers or breeches on the bank, as if some one had been kneeling—that led to Hell-corner field, belonging to Mrs. Baxter, and I saw foot-marks right from the hedge to the field where the sheep had been killed—there was blood, and the entrails of the sheep lying there—I produce the skin of the sheep, and I have the sheep's head here.





CHARLES STEBBINGS
 (police-constable T 156.) I went to the field, and saw what the other officer saw—I saw Glasscock compare shoes to some foot-marks, and I compared them with him—I do not know whose

shoes they were—they corresponded with the marks in the field and going from the field.





WILLIAM LAWRENCE
. I am a police-inspector. I was at Marylebone Office on the 14th of December, when the prisoners were in charge—I noticed the shoes of Rowe—I observed that they exactly corresponded with the description that Stebbings gave me—there were two nails out on the inside of the right foot, on the toe, and two large nails in the centre, and part of the tip was off—when the prisoners were about to leave the office, I desired Glasscock to take their shoes off—I said that loud enough for Rowe to hear—I saw that shoe again afterwards, and there had been several alterations in it—one of the large nails in the centre had been removed, and the tip taken quite off.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. In what situation was Rowe when you were able to ascertain that fact? A. Sitting down, waiting outside the office—I lifted both their legs up, and looked at their shoes—Stebbings bad described the impression to me, and I observed the nails in Rowe's shoes—I said to him, "You are the man that killed the sheep."





WILLIAM GLASSCOCK
 (police-sergeant.) On Sunday morning, the 13th of December, I was in the Edgeware-road at half-past eight o'clock, and saw the two prisoners coming towards Oxford-street—they were coming as they would if they bad come from Southall, and crossed the Harrow-road, or come by the Canal—they both had bundles—I asked Arnold what he had got—he said he had got mutton—I asked where he got it—he said he had been sleeping just below, (pointing towards Maida-hill,) and he bought it from a butcher's shop just below—Davis, who was with me, untied Rowe's bundle, and there was some fat, and a shoulder of mutton, and some ribs in it—I saw it was not killed in a butcher-like manner, and I told Arnold I should take him to the station—he said, "Can't a man carry a bit of mutton through the street without being stopped by such fellows as you?"—I collared him, and told him he must go—he resisted—I then drew my staff, and said I should be obliged to use it—I called for assistance—Arnold then told me I was a fine fellow to take a man—I took him to the station—he there said his bundle contained a shoulder of mutton, some fat, and some pieces of ribs—he said he bought it of a man at Notting-hill, and gave 7s. for his lot, and his mate gave the same for his—he said he did not know the man he bought it of—I found in Arnold's hat the sheep's heart, and a net which would be of use in catching a sheep or a bare—I found on him a butcher's knife, and another knife, a stone for the purpose of sharpening them, and a key—the meat did not appear to me to be set—Arnold had corderoy trowsers on—I took Rowe's shoes off after the first examination, and I found several nails out, which appeared to have been recently drawn, and half the tip off—I compared the shoes with the marks on the ground—there was a little snow on the ground, but with breathing on it, it would disappear—the marks corresponded with the shoes.





JOHN GOODMAN
. I am the prosecutor. These sheep were mine—I trusted them to the drover to be put in the field—I am certain this is the skin of one of my sheep—it is marked across the loins, and has a dot on the hip.





THOMAS SBABROOK
. I am a butcher. I have seen the parts of meat produced, and the skin and pluck—they all correspond, and appear to have

belonged to one animal—I compared them on the morning of the 13th—the meat had not then set—it has not been cut up by a butcher.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How soon does it set? A. If killed in a proper way, it would be eight or ten hours—I have compared the meat to-day—it fits as well as can be expected at this time—it fitted exactly at first.





HENRY DAVIS
. I am a policeman. I took Rowe into custody.
(The prisoners received good characters.)

ARNOLD—


GUILTY
. Aged 60.

ROWE—


GUILTY
. Aged 34.




Transport for Ten Years.

