




1409. 




JOHN CROOKS
 and 




SAMUEL WHIFFEN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
10th of April, 16 bushels of oats, value 2l. 10s., and 4 sacks, value 8s.; the goods of 



John Johnson, their master.






WILLIAM JOHNSON
. I am the son of John Johnson, a corn-dealer in William-street, Knightsbridge—he has a granary there—he does business in Thames-street—Crooks was in his service for three or four years, and Whiffen one year—they were carmen—they came at five o'clock in the morning—it was the custom to give orders to Crooks in the evening—I was present on the 9th of April, when my father gave him directions—there had been corn lost from the granary—I stationed myself, on the 10th of April, in the morning, in the lower granary—the corn was in the granary over my head—the prisoners both came about four o'clock—I was at the back of the hay, concealed—I could not see them come in, but

I heard some one, and knew Crooks by a particular cough that he had—I then heard them go up stairs to an upper floor—I got on the top of the hay, and heard them up stairs for nearly a quarter of an hour—I heard them scuffling and stamping, and, as I imagined, dragging the sacks along the floor—I then saw Crooks come down the ladder, and go out into the yard—the sacks are lowered from the upper floor out of the window, by the hands—I saw four sacks descend, one after the other—I could not see who put them down, but I saw Crooks receive them, take them on his shoulder, and pitch them down in a cart—Whiffen then came down the ladder very cautiously indeed, and went out into the yard, and shut the granary door after him—I waited a little, and then went and spoke with my father—he got up and came down—I went out into the street, to stay a good way off, as I intended to follow the cart, and then I heard a noise of a cart, and thought they were gone—when I got out I met a policeman—I sent him to the yard—soon after that I saw my father, and saw Crooks running away across the road—the policeman followed him—Whiffen was there, and my father held his collar—I then came into the road where the cart stood—I examined it—there were four sacks in it full of oats laid n the bottom, carefully covered with the tarpaulin.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Used not Crooks to take oats to different customers? A. Yes, not generally in my absence—I am generally there—his work is generally at Thames-street—I will not swear that he has not been in the habit of taking them to different customers from Knightsbridge—I make a distinction between our place and Thames-street, because latterly he had not done business from our place—he might have done it a month previously—he has frequently taken the customers corn, and when he has delivered it, he has come home and accounted daily for the money, when he has received it—we have stables in William's-mews—there was only one horse there—there was not a horse of my brother Henry's there—there never were two in the cart—there was an alteration making in Thames-street—I never saw my father strike either of the prisoners—he did not almost beat Crooks to death in my presence—I did not strike them—I was there when my lather had old Tom called in, and he said he knew nothing at all about it—my father after that discharged him—I called in a policeman—my father knew it—he did not send me for him—I considered Tom perhaps to be as guilty as the others—I had proof of it in my mind, because he always accompanied Crooks to the wharf, and he might have known something about it—I was often with them—I believe a sewer was up in Thames-street—Williams-mews is not near Thames-street—I do not recollect hearing my father ordering Crooks to be there earlier than usual, because Thames-street was under repair—I was present when he gave the orders—he might have said, "Make haste in the morning"—he might have given him orders to be there earlier than usual—I do not recollect that he did.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was Whiffen in the habit of going with the cart? A. Yes, he was not in the habit of going with Crooks—he might have gone with him, but not generally—he did not go with him as often as once a week—Crooks was to have gone with old Tom—it was not Whiffen's duty to be at the stable when the cart was going early in the morning—he ought to be there when the men came—Tom was not there that morning with them—we have a customer named Smithers,

and Crooks was to go to the Wheat Sheaf wharf to get a load for them—he would have to go through Thames-street, and if the road was up it would have to go round—I was not present from the time my father came down stairs till the men were given into custody—I went out in the road some distance off—I remained there ten minutes or a quarter of an hour—it was my intention to follow the cart—I did not stop the cart—I do not know that my father beat Whiffen—I saw him when he was in custody—he did not appear to have been beaten—both me and my father were here yesterday in the yard—neither of us said, to my knowledge, "I have nothing against Whiffen, I believe him to be an honest man"—I might have said I believed him to be an honest man previous to that charge—a person spoke to my father about being merciful—my father said, "I am here, if I go away I should forfeit my recognizances"—neither of us said "If it were not for forfeiting our recognizances we would not appear against Whiffen," believing him to be innocent.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Do you know the person that came up to you? A No, but I believe he is come to give one of the prisoners a good character—the orders were given to Crooks on paper—I saw my father write them—no part of it was that Crooks was to take corn from the stable that morning.





JOHN JOHNSON
. I am the prosecutor—the prisoners were in my employ. On the 9th of April I gave Crooks some directions on paper what he was to do the next morning—this is the order—(looking at a paper)—(reads)—" Mr. Richardson, Please receive ten quarters of foreign oats and ten of Scotch oats." He and old Tom had to go to a wharf to load these oats—Whiffen had no business to attend Crooks that morning—his duty was to cart corn in our neighbourhood—he had a horse and cart for that purpose quite distinct from Crooks—it was kept in the yard at Knightsbridge, and Crooks's were kept in Williams's mews—neither of them had any direction to take any corn from my premises the next morning—Crooks would have to take sacks—on the morning of the 10th I was awoke by my son—he told me something, and I came down—I went into the yard when I found Crooks had got his horse from Williams's mews, and placed it in the cart—he was about to go out of the yard, and Whiffen was standing there doing nothing—the gates were open—my son was with me—he did not go into the yard—I let him out at my private door—I said to Crooks, "I think I am up a little before my time, but I see you are going to start earlier, as it was my wish"—he said, "Yes, but I have not got my sacks"—I said, "You had better put them in"—he then put in about twenty empty sacks—I had observed nothing in the cart at that time—he did not tell me he bad anything—he then shuffled about and said, "Oh, master, I have lost my notice, I have lost my order"—he drew his cart out into the middle of the road, while I went, as he supposed, to write fresh orders—with that a policeman came up, and spoke to me—I seized Whiffin and told the policeman to seize Crooks—Crooks immediately dropped his whip, and ran as fast as he could up a court, and over the park wall, and the policeman after him—he returned in about a quarter of an hour, bringing Crooks back in custody—during that time I kept Whiffen—I searched the cart, and four sacks of oats were found in it, covered over very carefully with a tarpaulin—they were worth from 50s. to 3l.—I had not desired Crooks to start earlier than usual that morning—we wished him to start

about half-past five o'clock—neither of the prisoners would have authority to take that quantity of oats from my granary—the first thing they had to do was to deliver twenty quarters of corn from Wheat Sheaf wharf.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is it true that you did not expect them earlier than usual? A. No—I did not desire them to come earlier than usual—it was a casual remark that I made, "I see you are come earlier according to my wish"—if people wanted corn delivered earlier than usual, I endeavoured to get them away half an hour earlier—old Tom is discharged—he was to have gone with Crooks that morning, and as I had been robbed I could not but consider that he knew something about where the corn was going—I asked him if he knew where it was to go—he said, "No," and I discharged him—he had been twelve years in my service—I did not tell him whenever I met him in the street I would call out" There goes that d——d old rogue"—I told him that I had some suspicion that he must know where the corn was taken to—I should think he is sixty-one or sixty-two years old—I sent for a policeman, but I made no charge whatever against him to the policeman—it was not to intimidate him into some declaration that I sent for a policeman—I do not recollect whether my son was with me—I do not recollect that I sent my son for a policeman—Crooks very seldom took corn from the granary to the customers—he used to do it—he was never trusted to bring back the money—occasionally, when parties paid it on delivery, which they seldom did, I have trusted him with the bill and receipt, where we know the parties pay, and he has brought it—I have not five customers that pay on delivery—he may have brought back 5l. or 6l. at a time.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You had a good opinion of Whiffen? A. No farther than of any other man—we believe them honest till we find them out—I took him by the collar, that was all the violence I used to him—I did not strike him to my knowledge—I swear I did not strike him many times—I do not think I struck him at all—I think I could confidently swear I did not strike him in the face—I do not know that I struck him—I might have pushed very hard against him to prevent his getting away—I will swear I did not strike him more than once—I know a gentleman named Howe—I do not know any thing for him, or much against him—I know he had a stable opposite my premises at Knights-bridge, and left without paying any body—I do not recollect whether he owed me any thing—he is a man of slight character—I heard that he called his creditors together—I cannot tell who from—it is five years ago—I saw him yesterday—he said he came to plead for mercy for Whiffen—I said I could have nothing to say to it, he had robbed me, and I had reason to suppose he had been robbing me for a considerable time, he had offended the law, and must take the consequence—MR. Howe said, "You know me, and Mr. Smith knows me, I am well known in your neighbourhood "—I said, "Very likely "—I said, "I am not going to lose my recognizance," but I did not say that I believed Whiffen to be an honest man, nor any thing of the kind.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Had you any reason to believe him to be any thing but an honest man up to this time? A. No.





RICHARD BROWN
 (police-constable B 116.) I was at the prosecutor's premises on the morning of the 10th of April—I saw Crooks go there about four o'clock—I was applied to by young Mr. Johnson about five o'clock—I went and saw Crooks run away, and jump over a wall—I pursued

and brought him back—he said he had done wrong, and was afraid he should be transported—I took him and Whiffen to the station-house—I found this order in Crooks' pocket.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you take Crooks? A. A man going to work stopped him, and I took him.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are you the officer that took them both to the station-house? A. I had assistance—I did not talk to Whiffen on the way—I did not hear it said that it would be better for him to tell all about it, nor "You have made a bad job of it "—I did not hear him answer, "You seem to know a great deal about it."
(Thomas Finch, labourer, of Devonshire-street, Kennington, gave Whiffen a good character: William Evans, a cabinet-maker, in Nassau-street; Henry Roberts, of Great Russell-street; and William Titherby, a glover, gave Crooks a good character.

CROOKS—


GUILTY
. Aged 26

WHIFFEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 29




Transported for seven years.
