




2663. 




WILLIAM WALKER
 and 




WILLIAM HUTCHINSON
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
8th of October, 1 half-crown, the monies of 



Henry Harding.






JAMES JOHNSON
. I live at Woolwich, and am a labourer, in the service of Messrs. Grissel and Peto. On the 8th of October, about twenty minutes after ten o'clock in the forenoon, I saw the prisoners with another person—I heard Walker say to the third one, "I had my hand in the till, and this b—moved, (meaning Hutchinson) and I had to come out"—I called to my mate, who was a-head of me, and said, "Bill, I don't think these chaps are up to any good"—the two prisoners then went into the prosecutor's shop, and the third one went away.





WILLIAM GREEN
. I am a labourer to Messrs. Grissel and Peto. From what James Johnson told me, I went into the prosecutor's shop, and saw Walker kneeling on the counter with the till three parts out—Hutchinson was standing close to the counter—neither the prosecutor nor any of his servants were in the shop—I took hold of Walker, and pulled him down—he dropped some money into the till, and half-a-crown on the floor—I secured both the prisoners, and sent for a policeman—the half-crown was picked up, and I marked it.





HENRY HARDING
. I am master of the shop. I was about 100 yards from the door, on the other side of the road when this happened—my wife was not in the shop—the policeman told me the boys had robbed my till, and I went and found the prisoners in custody at Greenwich—my till had been safe in its place when I went out—there was about 30s. in silver in it, and several half-crowns—the prisoners said they would not have done it, but they were hungry.

Walker's Defence. The half-crown was put into the till again—they took it out again in two minutes to mark it, and they could not tell which it was—the woman said, "I think this was it."
(Walker received a good character.)

WALKER—


GUILTY
. Aged 13.—



Confined Three Months and 



Whipped.


HUTCHINSON*—


GUILTY
. Aged 13.—


Transported for Seven Years.
Convict Ship.


Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

