




2370. 




WILLIAM GOODWIN
, and 




JOHN WINFORD
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
24th of August, 3 pairs of shoes, value 7s. 6d., the goods of 



Henry Bradley.






HENRY BRADLEY
. I keep a shoe-shop in Old-street-road. About one o'clock on the 24th of August Black came to the shop—I heard something, and went to the door, and missed a bundle of three pairs of shoes—I ran across the road, and down a court opposite—I saw the prisoners some distance down—I called out, "Stop thief"—I ran and caught them both—they were running when I first saw them—I asked what they had done with the shoes—they denied having them—in coming back, one of

the witnesses picked them up in the kennel, under a counter which was for sale, near a broker's shop.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. A. Were they hanging outside the door? A. No, they were inside the post—a person could get them without coining in.





JOSEPH BLACK
. I am pot-boy at the Brunswick Arms public-house. I was in Old-street-road, and saw Goodwin go to the door, take the shoes off the nail, and give them to Winford, who put them in his jacket, and buttoned them up—they crossed the road, and ran down a dark court—I told the prosecutor—we went, saw them running, and called to them to stop—the prosecutor went up to them, and charged them with stealing the shoes—Goodwin was going to run, and Winford said, "Don't run, you fool."

Cross-examined. Q. Were you acquainted with Goodwin? A. Yes, I knew them both—I have worked at the same factory as Goodwin—this is I the first time I ever said Winford said, "Don't run, you fool."





ROBERT TROTT
. I saw Goodwin take the shoes from the nail and give them to Winford, who put them under his jacket, and ran down Bath-court—I picked them up under a counter in Bath-street.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite sure you saw this? A. Yea—I could not see them throw away the shoes, because we were running down Bath-court after them.

Goodwin's Defence. The prosecutor came and asked me if I had stolen the shoes; I said, "No." Trott came up, and said, "Those are the boys." I know nothing of the shoes.
(William Haywood, paperstainer, of Nichol-street, Shoreditch, and Thomas Winfield, gave Winford a good character.)

WINFORD*—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.

GOODWIN*—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.



Transported for Seven Years. Convict ship.
