



688. 




WILLIAM SNELLING
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging, on the 
1st of January, an order for the payment of 50l., with intent to defraud 



Henry Bosanquet and others.—2nd COUNT, for uttering the same, well knowing it to be forged.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES SCHOFIXELD
. I am cashier at the branch of the London and Westminster Bank in High Holborn. Mr. Pinniger banks with us—on the 1st of January, about ten minutes before five o'clock, the prisoner presented the 50l. cheque now produced, purporting to be signed by him—theprisoner had been in the habit of coming to the bank, and I knew him before—I gave him a 20l. note and thirty sovereigns—something about the cheque attracted my attention, and I showed it to Mr. Ewings, the manager, who requested the prisoner to write his name on the cheque—hewrote William Thompson—I did not know his name at that time—hedid not say what he was—he was taken into custody about a fortnight afterward.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Can you tell how he was dressed? A. Not exactly—he had a great-coat on—I cannot tell the colour—I showed the cheque to the manager, as I noticed a difference in the signature, but he thought it was genuine.

Q. Did you not see the prisoner after, that before he was apprehended? A. Yes, I went to Mr. Pinniger's office, and saw him, and he had an opportunity of seeing me there—he was apprehended next day or the day after—he could have absconded during that time—he was apprehended at his master's office—I only went there once before he was taken, when I went I asked him if Mr. Westmacot was at home—(the firm is Pinniger and Westmacot)—he answered me—I said nothing more to him—I said nothing about the cheque—I took the number of the 20l. note.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. How long altogether was the person at your banking-house? A. He must have been there five minutes—I do not recollect having more conversation with him than asking how he would

have the cheque cashed—the account with us is only Mr. Pinniger's—thereis no regular time to make up his book—his book was sent in, and then the prisoner was apprehended.





WILLIAM EWINGS
. I am manager of the Bloomsbury branch of the London and Westminster Joint-stock Bank. Mr. Henry Bosanquet is a shareholder and trustee—on the 1st of January Mr. Schofield showed me a cheque—my attention was very particularly directed to the person who brought it—it was the prisoner.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did you see him long? A, Several minutes—the gas was lighted—it was as near five o'clock as possible—Ihad some conversation with him—I do not think there was any body else there to receive money—I may have mistaken one person for another in my time, but have no recollection of it—I am certainly not mistaken on this occasion—my attention was particularly drawn to him by the cashier—he wore a hat and a brown great-coat.





JOHN PINNIGER
. I am a solicitor, in Gray's-inn. On the 1st of June the prisoner was a clerk in my employ—I have an account at the London and Westminster Bank—the cheque produced is not my hand-writing, no part of it—I gave nobody authority to draw it—I have never seen the prisoner write, although he is my clerk.





SAMUEL SHUTTLE WORTH
. I am principal clerk to Mr. Pinniger, and am acquainted with the prisoner's hand-writing—I believe the body of this cheque to be his hand-writing, and this endorsement, "William Thompson," I believe to be his also—I am perfectly well acquainted with his hand-writing—he was not at the office on the 1st of January at all—his salary was 15s. a week.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. What do you say of the signature? A. If it was presented to me I should say it was not Mr. Pinniger's—the letters P in are like his; the rest is not so—I cannot say whether it is the same writing as the body of the cheque—it is an imitation—it is very dissimilar, and there is certainly a difference in the colour of the ink—the indorsement is a similar hand-writing to the body—it is the same style of penmanship, in my opinion—I do not think it dissimilar in any respect—itis the prisoner's ordinary hand-writing—there is no disguise about either the body or the endorsement.

Q. Have you ever made a mistake about the prisoner's hand-writing? A. I may have done so in a short endorsement coming under my observation—Ido not remember any particular case, but in the hurry of business I may have done so—I have no recollection of such a circumstance, but will not swear I have not.





THOMAS FROOME
. I am a tailor, and live in High Holborn. On the 2nd of January the prisoner gave me an order for clothes—I saw him again about three or four days after, I cannot say the date exactly—he gave me an order for clothes—he paid me 6l. 1s. in gold, on the 2nd of January, and 3l. 10s. the other day—I have since seen a great-coat, which I sold him.





GEORGE WESTON
 (police-constable F 6.) On the 15th of January the prisoner was given into my charge—I showed him the cheque, and told him what I took him for—he denied all knowledge of it, and said it was not his hand-writing—I had received the cheque from Mr. Ewings, and have produced it to-day—I searched the prisoner's house, and found some clothes, which I produce.


MR. EWINGS
re-examined. I have stopped the 20l. note at the Bank, but have not had any notice of it yet.

MR. DOANE. Q. Had Mr. Westmacot an account at your bank? A. He had.

MR. DOANE
called the following witnesses for the defence.






ANN CUSHION
. I am the prisoner's grandmother. He lived with me at No. 2, Charles-street, Camber well New-road—I remember New Year's-day—on that day the prisoner staid at home all day—he never went out till after five o'clock at night—we had tea at half-past four—I believe it was that time when we sat down to tea—he took tea with me, and left about half-past five, as near as I can guess—I have a clock at the foot of my stairs, just before the door—I always keep it right within a minute or two, as two young men go to work in the morning—I heard it strike five while getting our tea—Mary Wright Cushion, my daughter-in-law, has a room in my house, and was at home all day—she came to our door while we were taking tea, and saw me and the prisoner there—the prisoner had not a great coat at that time.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. How far is your house from Camberwell? A. About half a mile from the Green, and between two and three miles from Holborn—I did not know the prisoner was charged with uttering a cheque till the officers came on Friday evening—he was then in custody—as far as I recollect it was the Friday fortnight after—I usually take tea about half-past four—we always wait for the milkman, who never comes till after four—the prisoner does not usually come from the office till ten—I believe he was paid weekly, but cannot say—I never heard what time he was charged with being at the banking-house till the officer come—he came on Friday and on Saturday—I knew of my son being examined, but was not at the office, nor did Mrs. Wright go.

Q. When did you first tell any body it was not till half-past five o'clock that the prisoner left yon? A. I told the policemen when they came the first time, that he did not leave till half-past five—I had not then heard the time he was charged with passing the cheque—I did not tell the officer he left the house at four, or soon after—when he first came he asked what time my grandson left on New Year's-day—I said, as near as I could recollect, that it was half-past five—I said I persuaded him not to go out, as it was after five, but he did go—I did not tell the policeman it was four, or a little after—I cannot say whether it had gone ten when the prisoner returned—he came home about ten—he did not say where he had been, I did not ask him—I have not talked with Mrs. Cushion about this particularly—we both knew the time he went out—the first conversation I had with her about it, was when the policeman came on Friday—she came into the room while he was there—my son was examined at the office next day, Saturday—the policeman had come between six and seven on Friday evening—he said the prisoner had been at the banking-house, at I think three minutes to five—Mrs. Cushion remained in the room the whole time the policeman was there—I was too full of trouble to say what conversation we had after he left—we might talk about what a pity it was he went out, or so—we both knew he did not go out till after five, and said he did not go out till after the time the policeman said he was at the Bank—she said, "Why, mother, I heard you talking to him after that time"—I said, "Yes, what a pity it was he went out at all"—I wanted to persuade him not to go, and he said, "I am not going

far, I shall not be long"—they never told me there was any occasion to go to the office to state this—I did not know I might go, and I did not think any thing about it—I did not know what to do—the policeman never told us to come—I was there the day he was sent from Tothill-fields, on Saturday, not when he was before the Magistrate—I did not know I could go, or I would not have neglected any thing—but I did not know it would be of any service to him—I thought it my duty to come today.

Q. Have not you seen the depositions against him? A. Yes, I saw what the solicitor brought last Sunday to my house—he brought a statement of what the witnesses had said against the prisoner—the hour was mentioned in that statement—he showed it to us both—my daughter-in-law and I were together—I remembered the time he went out before that—thesolicitor did not ask what time he left, that I know of—I told him myself, before I saw the written statement I think—I only saw it in his hand—he did not read it to me, nor did I read it—I cannot read correctly—heread the hour—I had not told him before that the time the prisoner left, nor had my daughter-in-law.





MARY WRIGHT CUSHION
. I am the witness's daughter-in-law. I live in the same house, but in a different room, up stairs—I saw the prisoner there on the afternoon of New Year's-day—I wanted the milk—I looked at the clock in my room, and it was a quarter-past four o'clock—I set the tea-things, and then the milkman came—I did not look at the clock after that—it might be five minutes after I looked at the clock that the milkman came—I came down stairs and went to the front-door, to take in the milk—mymother-in-law's room is the back-parlour—her door was open, and I saw her and the prisoner—I stopped about a quarter of an hour, talking to his grandmother at the door, and then went up to my room—I did not see the prisoner after that—I left them there—my mother-in-law was setting the things, putting the tea-board down, and putting the tea-things on.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you see any thing more of the prisoner that night? A. Not that night—that is the usual time they take tea—themilk sometimes comes at a quarter-past four o'clock, sometimes at half-past—Idid net know of this charge till the officer and banker's clerk came—I was not in the room when the officer came—he had been some time in the house before I saw or heard of him—this was on the Friday that the prisoner was taken—I heard a noise in the bed-room, went down, and came up again—I did not know what it was—I returned in three or four minutes, heard my mother-in-law say, "Oh dear!" then went down to see what it was—I found the clerk and policeman in the prisoner's bed-room—Iremained there till they went away—immediately after they were gone my mother-in-law said, "Oh, my poor boy! he never can be guilty of this"—she mentioned before the officer and clerk the time William went out on New Year's-day—she said it must be half-past five—I did not stop down stairs long after they left—I do not recollect that any thing was said about the time after that—there is a clock in the passage, near Mrs. Cushion's room, and one in my room—mine was quite right, I know, as I hear St. Paul's strike at night.

Q. When did you first state to any body that it was a quarter-past four by your clock? A. I do not recollect saying it to any body but the gentleman who called last Sunday, the prisoner's attorney—he had something written in his hand—I think he read it over to us—I now recollect that he did—it

mentioned what was sworn against the prisoner—he directed my attention, to the hour the cheque was presented at the Bank—this was in the presence of my mother-in-law—I then said it must be half-past four, to the best of my opinion, when I took in the milk; I have no doubt of it—I did not look at the clock when I returned up stairs, that I recollect—it was quite dark when I went up stairs—my clock generally agrees with Mrs. Cushion's.

JURY. Q. Did you ever see the prisoner wear a great coat? A. I have seen him wearing a great coat—he had not his great coat on that day, nor his boots or hat when I saw him—I do not know whether he bad a great coat on New Year's-day.

MR. BALLANTINE
called






GEORGE WETON
. I am a policeman. I went with Mr. Schofield to take the prisoner into custody—I asked his grandmother at what hour he left on New Year's-day, on the first day I went to search his box—she said he left between four and five o'clock—I went again a day or two after for his clothes, and asked her if he was ill on the 1st of January—I told her he had written to his master, to say he was ill, and could not come to his place—she said the prisoner bad told her he had leave from his master that day—I asked if she was positive of the time he left that day—she said to the best of her recollection it was a little after four.

MR. DOANE. Q. She said to the best of her recollection? A. Yes, Schofield was not with me the second time.

JURY
to
MRS. CUSHION. Q. Had he a great-coat on New Year's-day, when he went out? A. No, he had none in his possession at that time.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Justice Coltman.

