




257. 




JOSEPH CAMPBELL
 and 



JOHN SMITH



, stealing 2 sheep, price 3l. 12s.; the property of 



James Kilby.






JAMES KILBY
. I live in Aldgate High-street, and am a butcher. About 25th Nov. I had forty-three sheep in the marshes in the Isle of Dogs—I missed two of them—I have since seen the skins and the fat—it was fresh, killed.

Campbell. Q. May not these have been sent to the tan-yard? A. They were not—they were found, and I identified them.





JAMES HAMS
 (police-sergeant, K 21). I saw the prisoners in Limehouse on 25th Nov., a little before twelve o'clock at night—that is about a mile from the Isle of Dogs—I went to Campbell's lodgings, and to Smith's.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Have you anybody here to prove it was Smith's lodging? A. No, I summoned the landlady of each of the prisoners, and the Alderman would not examine them.

COURT. Q. What did you say? A. I asked Watts, who was called as a witness for Campbell, if he lodged in his house—he said, "Yes," and Campbell made no remark—I searched that house, and found nothing relating to this charge—I asked Stevens, the landlady of Smith's lodging, in presence of Smith, "Is that the person who occupies the room in your house?"—she said, "Yes"—I found in that room 6lbs. of mutton fat, and a sack stained with blood—some skins were found there, but not by me.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where was it you said to Stevens, "Is that the person who lodges at your house?" A. At the police-court,

Guildhall, in presence of the Magistrate—Stevens was by the side of the dock—the Magistrate was on the bench—Smith made no answer—I could not swear that he heard it—I said it so that he might hear it.





JOHN WARRIOR
. I am in the employ of Mr. Kilby. I saw his sheep safe on Saturday, 25th Nov., at four o'clock—there were forty-three of them, and the next morning at half-past seven two were gone.





THOMAS TYLER
 (City-policeman, 112). I saw the prisoners on the night of 30th Dec.—I followed and took them into custody—I found some skeleton keys on Campbell—I went and searched Campbell's lodging—I found two sheep-skins there, which were identified by Mr. Kilby—Campbell said that a man had left them there—I found this butcher's hook at Smith's.

Cross-examined by
MR. BRIARLY. Q. How do you know it was Campbell's lodging? A. He gave that address, and I saw a woman who he said was his wife.





JOHN DAVIS
 (policeman, K 94). On the night of 25th Nov. I saw the two prisoners in Three Colt-street, Limehouse—we had to remove a cart, which was selling cheese at 3d. a pound—it caused an obstruction, and I moved it again—Smith came, and said there was plenty of room—it was then about a quarter-past nine o'olock—soon after the two prisoners were engaged in moving the cheese from the cart into two barrows—we then lost sight of the cart, and the two prisoners brought it again about twelve o'clock.

Campbell's Defence. I am a skin-dresser. A man brought these skins openly into our shop, and they were bought.





GEORGE DAWSON
. I keep the Three Compasses, in Harrow-alley, Houndsditch. Campbell was in my house on that Saturday, from three to four o'clock—he read the newspaper—he said he had been to Smithfield, and bought a saddle, on the Friday—he took it to market, and sold it—he came back to my house, and said he had made a tidyish job of the saddle—he was with me till about five o'clock—he said he should take a quartern of rum home with him—I had to go to my son's, and I saw him again—I left him at twenty minutes before twelve o'clock—he was with me from seven o'clock till twenty minutes before twelve.

CAMPBELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 39.—


Transported for Ten Years.


SMITH—


NOT GUILTY
.
