




879. 




THOMAS FIDLER
 and 




RICHARD MEATYARD
 were indicted for

stealing 4 boxes, value 6s.; 20 yards of silk, 1l.; 2 1/2lb. weight of cotton, 15s.; 12 belts, 2s.; 3/4lb. weight of worsted, 1l. 3s.; 12 shirt-collars, 4s.; 24 shirt-fronts, 18s.; 18 stocks, 1l. 4s.; 6 neckerchiefs, 17s.; 720 pieces of galloon, 2l. 2s.; 1150 hooks and eyes, 1l. 8s.; 216 pieces of gimp, 9s.; 288 cap-springs, 7s.; 700 yards of braid, 16s.; 864 buttons, 3l. 7s.; 540 reels of cotton, 1l. 5s.; 432 eyelets, 14s.; 900 yards of piping, 1l. 6s.; 38 yards of India-rubber nett, 9s.; 36 yards of velvet, 6s.; 14lbs. weight of pins, 1l. 1s.; 84 pairs of boots, 14l.; 12 pairs of stockings, 19s.; and 800 pain of gloves, 21l.; the goods of 



Benjamin Wortley Home and another, the masters of Fidler.—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of Benjamin Wortley Home and others.—3rd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 



George Henry Brettle and others.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






RICHARD CHAMPNESS
. I am porter to George Henry Brettle and Co.—he has more than one partner. On the 20th of March I took three trusses and a box to the Swan with Two Necks, Lad-lane—I have seen the box since—it was addressed to "A. S. and E. Dunn, Exeter'—I booked it in the regular way.





JOSEPH PALMER TOMMS
. I am clerk to Benjamin Wortley Home and another. Fidler was in their service as a van-driver, between the Swan with Two Necks and Paddington—this is the way-bill of the 20th of March—here is in it an entry, in my handwriting, of a box and three trusses, for Dunn, of Exeter, from Brettle and Co.—the box is here—it was weighed, and placed in the van—I pointed out to Fidler the things that were to go by the van that day—the box was amongst them—the things that were to go by that van were kept separate, as they always are—to the best of my recollection, Fidler loaded the van, and I believe his boy assisted, and also the men that are employed to load the vans—I do not recollect to have seen Meatyard there—I saw the van leave the yard—I gave the way-bill to the boy Terry.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLAKTINE. Q. Where is the entry in the bill? A. Here it is, "10cwts. 5lbs."—I made this out on the morning of the 20th of March, from the Great Western book, which is here—there has been an erasure here—it was a blot over the ten, and I erased it—I made out the whole of this page on that day—I entered the goods from the books as the men brought them in—here is the book belonging to Brettle and Co.—when I made the entry I did not see anything except the books—I took it for granted that the entry in their books was correct—that is the usual mode of doing business—all the articles entered for the Great Western are laid in a particular spot—on the 20th a great many articles were to go there—they all go by one van—they are placed in a separate place, by the men who are employed on the stage—it is my duty to see them weighed—Amswick and another person were the weighers—I was standing by, and saw the weight—I cannot swear to this identical box, but, to the best of my belief, it is the same—( looking at it.)


MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is it part of your duty to see the things weighed? A. Yes—amongst the things weighed coming from Brettle's, I recollect there was a box of the weight I have entered—I put down the weight of each article separately, and then added them together—there was a box, I recollect perfectly well.





JAMBS AMSWICK
. I am porter to Messrs. Chaplin and Horne. I assisted Fidler on Friday, the 20th of March, to load his van—I assisted in loading ths Van, and put a good many boxes in it—I remember Brettle's man coming with three trusses and a box—I remember where they were put—I assisted Fidler in loading into the van the three trusses and the box brought by Brettle's porter, but the box I cannot swear to, because I have so many thousand boxes in a day—I saw Meatyard in the yard—he was not employed there, and had no business there that I know of.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Will you swear you swear you were helping to load this van at all on that Friday? A. Yes—I never had a doubt of it—I saw the things come from Brettle's—I put them in their place—I will swear Brettle's box went by the van, because I had their goods altogether—I weighed them together, and asked Mr. Tomms if my goods were all right—it is my duty to ask after I have done weighing—there were no goods left behind that day—it is my duty to see that there is none.





GEORGE TERRY
. I am in the service of Messrs. Chaplin and Home—it has been my duty, since last Aug., to assist Fidler, the vanman—I assisted him on Friday, the 20th of March, by wheeling the things to the van—I helped to truck the things from the place they were put in, in the office, to the van—the van started about a quarter past three o'clock—Meatyard got into the van with Fidler, we took him up against the Post-office, in St. Mirtin's-le-grand—I cannot say that I recollect having seen him more than once before—when the van was loaded Mr. Tomms gave me the way-bill—I went with the van from the Swan with two Necks to the Bolt in Tun, Fleet-street—Fidler was driving then—I was behind the van—we took in goods from the Bolt in Tun, and then went to the George and Blue Boar, Holborn, and took in goods there—when we left there Fidler said to me, "George, get up and drive the horses"—I drove them to the Green Man and Still, Oxford-street—when we got there Fidler said, "George, go and get yourself something to drink"—he gave me a 1d. to get half a pint of beer, and told me to go to a public-house round the corner of Regent-street—I went there—I was gone eight or ten minutes, and when I returned they had got the things up—when we went away from there the prisoners got up behind, and I drove the horses to the Paddington basin—I left both the prisoners together with the van when I went for the beer, and I found them together when I came back—Fidler has given me money to get beer before, in coming back empty, but not on the occasion of going up—we left the Green Man about a quarter-past four—both the prisoners got up behind—I drove up Oxford-street, and up the Edgware-road—Fidler then said, "George, draw up at the public-house on the right hand side, the corner of Nutford-place"—I did so, both the prisoners got down and went in the public-house—they came out, and then I drove the van on to the Paddington-station—Meatyard got up at the public-house and went inside the van with Fidler—but I never saw Meatyard get down—when I got to the paddington station he was gone—the van did not stop between the putlic-house and the Paddington station—the last I saw of Meatyard was when we started from the public-house—he was then in the van, and when I got to the station Fidler was there alone.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Had you known Meatyard before? A. I cannot say I did—I was in the habit of going backwards and forwards with the van—I do not recollect whether Meatyard had been with

the van before—I have sometimes had a glass of beer given me—I have not been in the habit of driving the van from the George and Blue Boar—I never drive when the van is loaded—I have driven when it was empty—I cannot swear whether I have driven it when full.

MR. BALLANTINE
to
JOSEPH PALMER TOMMS. Q. On this very Friday was there not a large truss of goods put in the van and taken to Paddington that ought not to have gone there? A. There was a truss put on the van by mistake—it was returned from Paddington the next day.





THOMAS LONG
. I was in the service of Chaplin and Home—on Friday, the 20th of March it was my duty to receive the goods at the Great Western Railway, at Paddington, which came by the van—I remember receiving the way-bill—when I received the goods from the van Fidler was not there—he brought the van there and then took the horses away to the stable and left me to take the things away from the van—I received two boxes, and there ought to have been three—I made a mark against the place in the way-bill, of the particular box I missed—here it is—(reads)—"Only two received instead of three, directed to Dunn of Exeter"—one of the Company's servants took them off—the boxes were all three entered together on the way-bill—this pencil mark, "Only two boxes come to bund," is my writing—I wrote it directly I missed the box.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINK. Q. You do not really know which box did not come to hand? A. No, all I know was there was one missing.





JOHN ARCHER
 (police-sergeant, G 8.) In consequence of information I went to Cock-lane on Saturday morning, the 21st of March, about eleven o'clock—I watched the house No. 23, from eleven, o'clock on the Saturday morning till between eight and nine o'clock on the Sunday night—I then entered the house with Sergeant Cotton, and in the front room on the second floor, I found the prisoner Meatyard and his wife, and this box—I told Meatyard we were police-officers, and asked how he came in possession of this box—he said a man brought it there and left it—I asked if he knew the man, he said no, he had never seen him before—I took him into custody on suspicion of stealing it—on the 24th of March Fidler was brought to Guildhall, by one of Chaplin and Horne's clerks—I told him he must consider himself in custody, on suspicion of being concerned with another man who was in custody for stealing that box, (pointing out the box to him)—he said, "Very well"—I found these two glove-boxes in the box.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You had been watching this house from Saturday to Sunday night? A. Yes—I did not find Meatyard till Sunday night—it is a beer shop—a great many people were going in and out.





RICHARD IRELAND
. I am in the service of Messrs. Brettle and Co.—these two glove-boxes which are here have my writing on—I know that they have been in the house of my employers.





CHARLES HUMPHREYS
. I am one of the porters of Messrs. Brettle and Co.—I numbered the inside of the lid of the box which was sent to Dunn, of Exeter—the number I put on it was 1654—this is my number on the inside of the lid of this box—I assisted in packing the box—this is the box and its contents.





JOHN FINCHAM
. I have examined this box and its contents—the value of it is between 40l. and 50l.—it consists of neckerchiefs, stockings, gloves, and other things.

MR. PAYNE
called






CHARLES MEATYARD
. I am the prisoner Meatyard's brother—I am a pork-butcher, and carry on business at No. 185, Whitecross-street—my brother has been out of employ for some months—I have contributed to his support—I remember the Friday on which this matter is said

to have happened—I saw my brother that day—he came to me that Friday morning, and my wife said he had better walk to market with me, and we could talk about what I was going to do far him—when we got to the Bull and Mouth we saw Fidler on the van—I said, "Where are you going?"—he said, "Home"—I and my brother jumped into the van—Fidler drove on to Morrison's—he there took out a few things, and we went into a public-house close at hand and had a pot of half-and-half—Fidler told my brother he was going to leave his situation—he said he was keeping a man and a boy at a shop, he did not see why he should pay a man and work out himself he might as well be at home—I said, "Certainly not, do you think there is a chance for my brother?"—he said yes, he thought there was—I said he had been out of work some time, I thought of doing something for him, and said, "If you could speak for him and get him a situation I will give you 5l."—he said he did not require anything of the kind, but of course he Would speak for him—I said, "Perhaps my brother had better go now, perhaps an hour too early may be better than a minute too late"—he said no, he had to give warning—I then came to the door—it appeared he had something to say to my brother, and I left—it was then from twelve to one o'clock.

MR. BALLANTINB. Q. You were with your brother for the sake of getting him a situation? A. O dear, no, he was going to market with me—he came to my house—I have passed by Cock-lane, but I was never in it in my life—my brother is married, and I have understood he has lived there a few weeks—I have never been to see him—he has been out of employ a month Or two.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. He lived on the second floor in Cock-lane? A. I do not know—I have known him living there a few months—I have seen Fidler and my brother together before that time—when I had spoken to Fidler I quitted the van, and went about my business.
(Joseph Carpenter gave Fidler a good character; James Hooper, of Dover-road, a traveller, and William Hemmings, of Tooley-street, gave Meatyard a good character.)

FIDLER—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

MEATYARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.





Transported for Seten Year.

