




2171. 




ANN BROWN
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
21st of June, 3 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 



Henry Eilis, from his person; and 





MICHAEL M'KEW



, for that he, well knowing the aforesaid felony to have been committed, feloniously did receive, harbour, and maintain the said Ann Brown; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






HENRY EILES
. I am a bricklayer, and live in Union-street, Borough. On Tuesday night, the 21st of June, I was proceeding home from Tooley-street, between twelve and one o'clock—Brown and two other females stopped me, and in about a minute Brown put her hand into my pocket, and took out 3s. 6d.—I seized hold of her hand, and in a minute or two afterwards M'Kew and another young man came up—they entered into conversation with the females, and made me let go of Brown—they began shuffling about, and got me into the road, and M'Kew said, "Take no notice of it, I will make all right"—I said, "You had better keep your distance from me; I don't want any conversation with you, or else you will no doubt share the fate of the person who has robbed me"—I could see no policeman—M'Kew went back to the women again, and told them to go with him, and they proceeded on down under the arches—I was following, and M'Kew saw me following, he struck me, and threw me down, and ran his fist in my face—he dared me to make resistance till the others got away—he then laughed at me—I said I would follow him if the rest had got away—he was making his way to go to St. Thomas-street, and I was calling out, "Stop thief"—Mr. Grinsell's private watchman stopped him, and gave him in charge—I went to the station with him, then came back, and searched about Tooley-street to see if I could find any of the others—I could not, and about three o'clock the policeman persuaded me to go home—as I was going, I saw Brown and two other women with her—I went to look at her—she saw I took notice of her, and turned round—the other women said, "Is that him?"—Brown said, "Yes," and she proceeded down some back streets to getaway, but I saw a policeman, and gave her in charge.





THOMAS MOORE
 (police-sergeant M 11.) Brown was given into my custody about a quarter-past three o'clock in the morning.





WILLIAM FEATHERSTONE
. I am watchman to Mr. Grinsell—I was on duty between twelve and one o'clock on the Wednesday morning—I met M'Kew coming through the arches—there was a cry of "Stop thief"

—I took hold of him—I had known him before—the prosecutor came up, and said he had been knocked down and robbed of 3s. 6d.

Brown's Defence. I was going home, and the prosecutor ran up against me; I asked what he meant, and he struck me; M'Kew came up, and I walked away; after that, the prosecutor came, and accused me of taking his money; I had not been in his company before.

M'Kews Defence. I was passing, and saw him strike the young woman; I said, "What do you strike her for?" and he made a blow at me; I just touched him on the shoulder, that was all I did to him.





JOHN PIKE
 (police-sergeant M 2.) I produce a certificate of M'Kew's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the man.

BROWN—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

M'KEW—


GUILTY
. Aged 24. 



Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Edward Bullock, Esq.
