





695. 




WILLIAM CLARK
 and 




BENJAMIN HOWARD
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
17th of January, 1 pair of spectacles and case, value 4s. 3d., the goods of 



Ann Cranston, from her person; and 





ELIZABETH NORRIS



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.; and that Clark bad been before convicted of felony.






ANN CRANSTON
. I live in Love-lane, Rotherhithe. About one o'clock on the 17th of January, I was standing near the Sun Fire-office, Cornhill—I received information, and put my hand into my pocket, and missed a pair of spectacles and case—these produced are mine.





JOHN GEORGE WADE
 (City police-constable, No. 623.) About one o'clock on this day I saw Clark and Howard together trying several pockets—at last I saw them stop near to an old gentleman—I saw Clark lift the dress of Mrs. Cranston, and take something from her right hand pocket with his right hand—he then moved a little to the right—Howard still stopped there—I then saw Clark give Norris something, which she put under her shawl—she was standing near—Clark said a few words to her, and then went back to Howard—I remained till I saw Norris draw the case from under her shawl and look at it—I then took her into custody—my brother officer took the others—Norris was eight or nine yards from the other.

Clark. I had just left my work at a warehouse in Thames-street. I went to the Royal Exchange to see the first stone laid. The policemen were in plain clothes. They said I had picked an old gentleman's pocket; they said I took them from a gentleman, and next day they brought this lady up, who said they were hers.

Howard. I came up in the City with my cousin to see Prince Albert. I lost my cousin, and the officer took me.

Norris. I was coming by and picked the spectacles up in a gutter.





THOMAS KELLY
 (police-constable H 119.) I produce a certificate of Clark's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person.

CLARK—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.

HOWARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 17

NORRIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.





Confined Four Months.
