



1425. 




JOHN ANDREWS
 was indicted

 for stealing 4 barrels, value 4s.; and 1,500lbs. weight of sugar, 30l.; the goods of 



Thomas Hawley.






ANTHONY JPWLING
. I am a Carmen in the employment of Mr. Thomas Hawley, and live in Gibbon's-rents, Tooley-street. On the 6th of May I had a wagon laden with twelve barrels of sugar—I had received it at the East India Docks, and was going up Ratcliff-cross—a man met me and told me about my mate being in trouble, (I was aware that a fellow-servant of mine was coming up the Commercial-road with a cart)—I was indiscreet enough to leave my wagon, and go to the King's arms—I did not find my fellow-servant there—I came back, and my wagon was gone—I met the prisoner in an empty van near where u had left my wagon—I asked him if he had seen the wagon—he said he thought he had, up the Commercial-road—I went, and found the wagon in a street—eight barrels only were left in it out of the twelve—I afterwards noticed the prisoner, in the same van I had seen him in before, driving in a direction from the wagon—he had four barrels of sugar in the van—I called out to him, he began to roll the barrels out of van into the street, jumped

out of the van, ran away, and was taken by the policeman—it was about five o'clock when I left my wagon and horses at Ratcliff-cross.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. To whom did the barrels belong? A. To Mr. Hawley—they were entrusted to me—I had not seen the prisoner till I saw him in the empty van.





CHARLES CHERRY
. I live in Bluegate-fields, Ratcliff-highway. I saw the prisoner driving a wagon with two grey horses, that day, up White Horse-lane, Stepney, about six o'clock—the horses stopped where I worked—there were twelve barrels of sugar in the wagon—I am sure the prisoner was the person—another man came up and kicked the horses—they had not got a whip—they took the check-rein off the horses, and hit them with that.





CAROLINE SPILLER
. I live at No. 6, James-street, Globe-fields. On the 6th of May I saw a wagon with two grey horses standing before my window, with some barrels in it—I saw a van behind the wagon—two persons took four barrels out of the wagon and put them into the van—I cannot swear that the prisoner is one of the men—the van drove off—I gave information to the constable and carman of the direction in which the van had started, and they followed.





AGNES HOLMES
. I live in Eastfield-street. I saw a wagon with two grey horses, in High-street, Stepney—they stopped at the corner—the prisoner and two other men were with it—there were some barrels of sugar in the wagon—I do not know how many.





ROBERT EDWARDS
 (police-constable K 311.) I found the wagon in James-street, Globe-fields, and saw the prisoner in a van with one horse—he rolled four barrels of sugar out—when he was rolling out the last, he saw me, jumped out, and ran away—he was brought back by Sutherland—I examined the eight barrels in the wagon—they were marked the same as the four barrels in the van, but were of different numbers—I produce samples of the sugar—they are similar.





JOHN SUTHERLAND
 (police-constable K 372.) I stopped the prisoner in West-street, Globe-field—on the way to the station he said he would get the worst of this—he said he was employed by two me, and had 10s. for the job—I asked him if he knew the men—he said he did not, but be should know them if he saw them again, that he went to a man he knew, and hired a van of him—that he was to meet the men in Globe-road, and go to deliver the sugar in Cannon-street—he said the men were there, but they saw me, and ran away.

MR. BALLANTINE
to
ROBERT EDWARDS. Q. You have been looking after these two men? A. Yes—I have seen one of them—I have not a doubt but that the prisoner gave a true description of them—I have found that he hired the van of William Cotton, at St. George's—I have seen that name on the van—I have seen Mr. Cotton—he says it is his van, he does not know who hired it—I know the prisoner by sight, and know his friends—he has described the men—I know that one of them, according to his description, has absconded.





THOMAS HAWLEY
. I saw the four barrels the next morning—they we e four of the twelve which had been sent the day before in my wagon.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

