



2108. 





FREDERICK HUNT
 was indicted

 for that he, being employed under the Post-office of Great Britain and Ireland, did, on the 
21st of June, feloniously steal a certain post-letter containing 2 shillings, the monies of 

Her Majesty's Post Master General.—3 other COUNTS, varying the manner of laying the charge.






MESSES. SHEPHERD

and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM HEWITT
. I am a letter-carrier in the Twopenny Post-office. On Tuesday morning 21st of June, I was on duty in the letter-carrier's office, about half-past eight or twenty minutes before nine o'clock—I was engaged in sorting letters, and in the course of my sorting, the letter now produced, came into my hand, addressed to Mr. Uranus—it was sorted to me by Merritt, who said it contained cash—in consequence of what Merritt told me, I gave the letter to Gauntlett, my assistant, and told him it was a cash-letter—the prisoner was sitting by me, on my right, and Gauntlett was sitting opposite me—the prisoner was sorting on my right hand-side, as near as the seats could stand—soon after Gauntlett called me aside, and laid, "I have lost the money-letter"—in consequence of that all the letter-carriers of our division were ordered into the inspector's room—there were thirteen or fourteen of them, and the prisoner was one—to go into the inspector's room, you have to pass through the supernumeraries-room—there is a partition between the supernumeraries'-room and the inspector's room, and on entering the inspector's room, there are two steps—I went up them, and when I got on the top step my face was turned towards the supernumeraries' room, and I observed the prisoner on my right side—he was on the floor below me, and close by a table on which there stood a box, about seven inches from a partition—I observed the prisoner take this letter from some letters which he had in his left hand—he pushed it along the table, and hid it behind the box—I got down from the steps, and said, "There is the letter, I saw Hunt put it there"—I looked behind the box, and found this letter—it is the one I had before given to Gauntlett—the prisoner was too confused to say anything.


Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Do you mean be said nothing? A. He was too confused to say anything at the moment—after be came to himself again, be said be knew nothing about the letter—he did not answer immediately—a moment or two elapsed—he and I have been on adjoining beats—I do not suppose he has been on that beat more than eight or ten months—I have been but little associated with him—I have asked him to deliver letters for me, at Mr. Boyle's, the corner of Farringdon-street, and Holborn, it is as much in his delivery as mine—the private-door is in one street, and the shop in the other—I deliver in Farringdon-street, and he in Holborn—whatever letters are delivered to us, it is our duty to deliver—I may have asked him to deliver letters to one or two houses within a door or two.

Q. Have you not given him many letters to deliver while yon have been drinking and smoking? A. I never smoked in my life—I have not gone into public-houses with him, and remained there, and asked him to deliver letters for me instead of delivering them myself—he has never declined delivering letters for me—he has declined doing it for my partner, Gauntlett, but not me—I have heard him decline doing it for Gauntlett two or three times—Gauntlett was on the same beat with me then—the refusal was not as much to me at to Gauntlett—he never refused me—I have not been on bad terms with him in consequence of his refusing me—I sever had any quarrel with him in my life—Gauntlett and I were on good terms—this proved to be a money letter, and I said, "This in a money letter; take care of it"—the prisoner was not in the office at that time, but several other persons were there—I gave the letters to Gauntlett singly, as we always do—there were no other money letters that day, to my knowledge—I saw Gauntlett put the letter down on the desk where he was sitting, by the side of him—Ford and another person were by the side of Gauntlett—I did not remain in the office till all the men went out saw Gauntlett go out, and go to the inspector's office—he went before me—he did not take the letter, that I swear—I did not see the letter till the prisoner was in the act of putting it behind the box.

COURT. Q. At the time you were all summoned to the inspector's room, was the letter then misting? A. It was missing then.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Where was the prisoner at this time? A. Sitting on the right side of me, and Gauntlett was opposite me—Gauntlett never left his seat till we all went to the inspector's room—the prisoner had been there from before nine o'clock—be was not there when I gave the letter to Gauntlett—he came a minute or two afterwards—I have never been charged with getting drunk, and being incapable of delivering letters,

MR. DOAHE. Q. How long have you been in the office? A. Twelve years—I have given the prisoner letters to deliver to houses which adjoin his beat—I did not give him this letter—I gave it to Gauntlett, and told him to be careful—Gauntlett came round to me, but he did not leave the room till the whole fourteen of us were summoned—Fleet-street is in Gauntlett's beat.





SAMUEL GAUNTLEET
. I am a letter-carrier in the Twopenny-post-office; I have been employed there nearly eight years. On the 21st of June, I was on duty at the office—Mr. Hewitt was there, and the prisoner—I remember Mr. Hewitt giving me a letter containing cash, addressed to Mr. Uranius, No. #, Crane-court, Fleet-street"—I put it on one side

of me—it remained there about twenty minutes—I then left to get some letters from another office—I gave some of them to Hewitt, some to another man, and the remainder to the prisoner; and I believe this letter was in the packet of letters which I gave to the prisoner, for when I received it, I put it down on the desk with another letter, and when I brought the packet of letters from the other office, I laid them down on these two letters, I then gave two parcels to two other persons, and the last parcel I gate to the prisoner—if he had received this letter with the parcel which I gave him, he ought to have sorted this into the Farringdon-walk letter boxes—there are six of them, and one of them is for the division which I deliver, and be ought to have put it into that box—I took the letters out of that box in about a minute after I had given the parcel of letters to the prisoner, and this letter was not there, but the other letter that I had pot down with this one was—I then asked Mr. Hewitt if he had this letter, as I had lost it—I went round the division to see if it had made its way into any of the other Farringdon boxes—I could not find it, and I made a report to Mr. Payne that I had lost it—he ordered all the letter-carriers into the inspector's room—that order was given loud enough for all to hear—they all went but the prisoner, he remained behind, he did not go immediately—I said to him, "Come, you must come with your letters as well as the rest; you know you must come"—he then took up his letters, and came from the division where he had been sitting towards the inspector's room—he followed me—Hewitt was half a dozen paces before—I went on, and passed Hewitt just as he got to the door, and I had not been in a second before Hewitt cried out, "There is Hunt putting a letter behind that box"—I turned as soon as I could, and saw Hewitt get down the steps, and take away a letter from the box—it was handed to Mr. Payne, the inspector, and he handed it to the President—he asked me if that was the letter I bad lost—I told him it was—at the time Mr. Hewitt took the letter, I saw the prisoner—he appeared very much confused for the moment, and after a short pause, he said, "I did not put it there"—Hewitt and I have been on the same beat very near four yean—the prisoner's beat joins ours—I do not recollect that he, and Hewitt, and I have been in company except as letter-carriers—I have requested the prisoner to deliver my letters on one or two occasions, when be has been pawing a house which I have got a letter for—I have not heard Hewitt ask him to do so, but I have asked him in the presence of Hewitt—I think he has refined to take a letter for me—perhaps he has not had a letter near the house, and he has said, "I can't take it for you this time"—I have never heard him refuse Hewitt.

Cross-examined. Q. You say you put a lot of letters down? A. Yes, on the two letters—I put them down with the intent of sorting them myself—the prisoner was sitting opposite me—I handed a parcel to him, and I suppose this letter was in the parcel—when I missed it I mentioned it—the prisoner might have heard me, but I rather think he did not.





CHARLES MERRITT
. I am a letter-carrier in the Twopenny Post-office. I recollect, early in the morning, on the 21st of June, handing this letter to Hewitt—I told him it was a cash letter—I after that heard the order for all the carriers to attend in the inspector's-office—I went in with the others—I was on the top step, and could see the box on the table—I heard Hewitt call out, "Hunt is putting a letter behind the box"—I turned, and saw the prisoner standing near there, and he was drawing his right

hand from the box—he had letters in his left hand—Hewitt took the letter from behind the box—I observed the prisoner's manner—he appeared very ouch agitated—he made some remark, but what I did not hear.





CHAELES COX
. I am a charge-taker in the Twopenny Post-office. I was on duty on the morning of the 21st of June—I went with the carriers into the inspector's-room—I was standing on the top step, or the floor, and saw Hewitt on the lower step—he said, "There is Hunt putting a letter behind the box"—I saw the prisoner—he was standing about a foot from the table—he was in the act of drawing his hand from the box—Hewitt went from off the step to the box, put his hand behind it, and drew out the letter—I had seen this letter pass before me from Merritt to Hewitt.





RODEICK NBALE
. I am a letter-carrier. On the morning of the 21st of June I heard the order for the carriers to go into the inspector's-room—I saw them leave the office to go there—Hewitt and the prisoner were the two last—I saw the prisoner was rather fidgety at his duty, and he shifted his letters, which I considered was rather unusual—I could look over his shoulder, and I saw him take ft letter from the centre of his bundle and place it at the back of it—that was after the others were all gone op to the inspector's room—the prisoner then followed Hewitt and Gauntlett—I did not go; I am not in that division.





ROBERT TYRRELL
. I am a police-constable attached to the Post-office. On the 21st of June the prisoner was given into my custody, and Hewitt aid, in his presence, that he. had seen him place this letter behind the box—he denied it—he was then questioned by me, and I asked him if he had seen that letter that morning—he said he had no recollection of it—the letter has since been opened by Mr. Flood—it contained two shillings—it was then sealed up again.





CHAELES ALEXANDER FLOOD
. I live in George-street, Greenwich. I have letters addressed to me occasionally by the name of Uranius, Crane-court, Fleet-street—this letter is one of them—I went to the Post-office, from information, on the 25th of June—this letter was produced to me—I opened it, and found it contained two shillings—it is from a person of the name of Clark.





THOMAS WATKINSOV
. I keep the post-office at Lower Tooting. This letter bears the stamp of my office—it has passed through there—(address read)—"Mr. Uranius, No. 3, Crane-court, Fleet-street. Immediate."





SAMUEL GAUNTLETT

re-examined. Q. You say you had placed this letter and another by your desk, you then went and fetched some more letters, which you put down; you then gave some to one and some to another, and the last parcel of them you gave to the prisoner to distribute into the different boxes; are you sure he had finished the distribution? A. Yes, he had, the whole of them—he had no others to distribute, and just at he had done distributing them, I looked into the boxes—I saw him when he went into the inspector's room—he had his own letters in his hand at that time.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you see him distribute the letters, or do you merely conclude he did so because it was his duty? A. I saw him sort them into the different boxes—he would sort his own letters into his own box, and then take them out again to arrange for delivery—those were the letters he had in his hand.
(The Rev. John Bathurst Deane, of Finsbury-circus; and Mrs. Jemima

Wood, whose husband is employed in the Post-office, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 31.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.





Transported for Fifteen Yean.
