





387. 




ANN STONE,



 LYDIA JOHNSON
, and 




LOUSIA ELLIS
 were indicted for

 stealing 3 handkerchiefs, value 10s. 6d. the goods of 




George Grumbridge.—2nd COUNT, for stealing 3 yards of silk: and they had been all previously convicted of felony.






RICHARD ROGERS
. I am assistant to Mr. George Grumbridge, linen-draper, Ratcliff-highway. A few days before the 22nd of Dec., a pane of glass was accidentally broken in the shop window; I placed a wooden card and some goods against it, to barricade it—on the 22nd of Dec., between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I heard a slight noise at the window, and saw that the card had been raised from the hole—I placed myself where I could have a

view of the hole without being seen, and in three or four minutes I saw the three prisoners together outside the window—I distinctly saw Johnson and Stone's faces—I saw Johnson put her hand in through the hole and make several attempts to get at some articles; at last I saw her push the goods on one side which intervened between the handkerchiefs, and draw them out—they were lying about a foot from the hole—I ran out of the shop with another young man, and secured all three at the hole—I saw the handkerchiefs drop from Johnson's dress apparently—I picked them up—they all three denied taking them, but afterwards they all begged for mercy, Johnson especially—I saw no other females about at the time, but passers by—no persons were standing at the window—I am quite sure Ellis was the third party—these are the handkerchiefs—(produced)—they are Mr. Grumbridge's property.

Johnson. Q. You said at the station you could not say which dropped them? A. I distinctly saw them drop from your person.





JAMES BIGGS
 (police-constable K 62.) I found the prisoners in custody of the two young men—they were all three crying and begging for mercy in the shop.

Stone's Defence. I never saw the handkerchiefs.

Johnson's Defence. There were three little boys at the window, who must have kicked them in running out.

Ellis's Defence. I was standing close by the window, but never saw Johnson touch them.





JAMES PORTCH
 (police-constable K 91.) I produce a certificate of Stone's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at the trial—she is the person





SAMUEL WIGGINS
 (police-constable K 73.) I produce a certificate of Johnson's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—I was present at the trial—she is the person tried and convicted—(read.)





EDWARD WALLIS
 (police-constable G 218.) I produce a certificate of Ellis's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at the trial—she is the person.

STONE—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

JOHNSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

ELLIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.






Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Justice Erskine.

