



1701. 




JANE MORTON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of June, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 seal, value 10s.; 1 watch-key, value 5s.; and 1 sovereign, the property of 



James Bartlett, from his person.






JAMES BARTLETT
. I am steward of the ship Norval, which was in St. Katherine's Dock. On the 8th of June I went into the Dundee Arms public-house, in High-street, Wapping, about eleven o'clock at night—I was very sleepy, as I had been up four or five nights—I fell asleep, and awoke about half-past four—when I went in I had two sovereigns, a half-sovereign, and some silver, and my watch, seal, and key—when I awoke I saw the prisoner close alongside of me—that was the first time I bad teen her—I missed my watch, and I accused her of it—I said, "Where is my watch?"—she said, "What watch? I know nothing about it"—I said, "You deliver it up to me"—she said, "I have got a comfortable room, come home with me, and I will find your watch"—she went out, I followed her, and said, "You had better give it up, or I will give you in charge"—she said once or twice that she had not got it, and then she again said, if I would go home she would give it me—I missed a sove-reign, but that I might have lost, I cannot say—this is my watch.





SAMUEL WAKELING
 (police-constable H 174.) I took the prisoner—I said to her, "Where is the watch?"—she said, "I know nothing about it"—I said, "I will have none of your nonsense, give it up to me," and she pulled it out of her bosom, and gave it up to me—I said, "Now I want the sovereign"—she said, "I have got no sovereign, and know nothing about it"—I took her to the station, but nothing was found on her.

Prisoner. I told the prosecutor I had the watch in my bosom; I said, "Come home, and have an hour or two's sleep, and go on board at seven o'clock; "I saw him at the Dundee Arms; he was tipsy, and I took the watch to take care of; when he awoke, I said I had the watch, and he said, "It is all right, take care of it."




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.
