



525. 




JOHN JONES
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Squire, and another, on the 
25th of December, at 
St. Leonard, Shoreditch, and stealing therein 1 key. value 3d.; 3 sovereigns, 4 shillings, 7 sixpences, 12 groats, and 300 pence; their property.






HENRY WILLIAM DUBOIS
. I am shopman to Henry Squire and Elizabeth Oldham, grocers and tallow-chandlers, in Thomas-street, Hackney-road. I locked up the house on Christmas evening, the 25th of December—I took the key with me—I left every thing safe about six o'clock—it is the sleeping-house of Mr. Henry Squires and his partner, and in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch—I gave the key of the shop to Ewins, to go and do his horses—I afterwards went to the house, and saw my master pick up some coppers in a handkerchief from behind the door.

PHILIP EWINS. I got the key from Dubois, and went to the house in Thomas-street—I got there about half-past seven o'clock—I pat the key in the door, turned the lock, and pushed the door very hard to get it open—I heard a man's footsteps, and heard him go on the stairs—I put my hand on his arm, and drew back, put the door to, and went into the street for assistance—the man pushed the door to, and bolted the bottom bolt—I stood about a minute, and heard a man in the next yard but one—I ran to the yard, saw the prisoner, collared him, and held him

till the policeman came—as he was going to the station, J saw him put his hand to his pocket, but I did not see what he took from it—after he got to the station, we took a dark lantern, three sovereigns, and some matches from him—we returned to Thomas's-street, and my master was then knocking at the door—I had to push the bottom bolt off to get in—the back-door of the house was opened, which would lead the prisoner to the place where he was found.





HENRY SQUIRE
. I keep this house in Thomas's-street; it is my dwelling-house. About eight o'clock on Christmas evening I found the door bolted, we got in, and found 25s. in coppers, tied up, behind the door—they had been locked in the desk when I left them—the desk was broken open, and some money gone—I cannot swear how much—I think there was some gold gone—I can swear there was some silver gone, some fourpenny pieces, and halfpence and pence—I went to the back-door which leads to the yard—it was open, and one shilling, two sixpences, and one fourpenny piece was found in the yard.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How many fourpenny pieces did you lose? A. About twelve.





JOHN JASPER GARLICK
. I was reading in my back-parlour on Christmas evening—I heard a noise of a person getting over my paling, and heard a window open—I went to the back-door—the prisoner stood before me—I collared him—the carman arrived, and took him.





MICHAEL JAMES FARRELL
 (police-constable N 145.) I took the prisoner to the station, and found on him this dark lantern, and crow-bar, and three sovereigns.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you find a man had escaped over the wall of the Refuge for the Destitute? A. Yes—it was not beyond the place where the prisoner was—I found the prisoner against the back-door of Mr. Garlick's house—the Refuge for the Destitute is on one side of the wall, and Mr. Garlick's the other.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.
