



1373. 




JANE CUNNINGHAM



, stealing 6 shillings; the moneys of 



Catherine Fahey, from her person; having been before convicted.






CATHERINE FAHEY.
 On 2nd may I got a check for 1l. cashed—I them went to the Broadway, Westminster, and saw the prisoner—she asked who I wanted; I said a person of such a name—she said."I don't think such a person lives here"—I went up staris in a house and treated her to some rum—she asked if I would buy a gown; I said I would not mind—we went to a pawnbroker's—I took out my money and paid 1s. 6d. to the pawnbroker and 6d. to the prisoner—we then went to see if we could hear anything of the woman I wanted—the prisoner found a person who said the woman had left the neighbourhood—as I had nothing to eat or drink since six o'clock, I went to a publick-house and called for a quartern of gin and a little cold water—I sat down—the prisoner came and sat by my side—I heard the money jink in my pocket; put my hand in my pocket and took out my money—I had 14s. 4d.—I found but 8s. 4d.—the prisoner left me—I kept her in sight, and came up to her—she turned round and said "What are you up to"—I said, "I came for that money you took out of my pocket"—she said, "Come on; come on"—I saw a policeman, and said she had robbed me—I saw her put some money from her pocket into her

bosom—she shifted it from there to her mouth—they took it out with the handle of a knife.





JANE JONES.
 I am a searcher—I found a sixpence in the prisoner's pockets and one penny—I undid her dress—she put her hand in her bosom, pulled some silver out and put it in her mouth—I called for assistance, and three shillings were taken from her mouth.





EDWARD KNOWLAND
 (policeman, 141 B.) I took the prisoner—I held her while three shilling were taken from her mouth—she might have got rid of more.

Prisoner's Defence. I was going away; I shook hands with her and she came and asked what I had done with her money; if I took it I should not stand to speak to her.





ELIZA JOHNSON.
 I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former convietion at Clerkenwell (read—Convicted June, 1847—Confined six months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY. Aged 36.—


Transported for Seven yeras.

