



2550. 




WILLIAM FULLER
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of September, 1 mare, price 5l., the property of 



Daniel Rackliff.






ELLEN RACKLIFF
. I am nearly ten years old. On Wednesday afternoon, the 15th of September, about four o'clock, I took my father's pony to a

it field in Drayton-green—I shut the gate, but there is no fastening to it—I went again to the field at six o'clock to put the cow in—I did not see the pony then.





DANIEL RACKLIFF
. I live in the Uxbridge-road, near the Green Man public-house. On the 15th September I sent my little girl with my mare pony to the field—I did not see it again till it was at Guildhall, eight or nine days after—it had then been stabbed in the side and the short rib.





JAMES LAMB
. I am a chimney-sweeper, and live at Kilburn. On the Thursday morning, 16th September, about half-past seven o'clock, I saw the prisoner leading a mare—he asked if I could tell him where there was a horse-slaughterer's—I said there was none in our village, but there was one a mile and a half off at Paddington—I asked why he wished it killed—he said some one had stabbed it—I found a large wound, which I could put my hand in—it was quite fresh done, and was bleeding—I asked where it was done—he said he had turned it out on Roxley-heath common, and some one had done it in the course of the night out of spite to him—I said I did not consider the entrails were hurt, and persuaded him to take it home again—he said he had taken it to a farrier's in the neighbourhood, who had probed the wound to a great depth, twelve or fourteen inches, measuring it on his arm, that he had said the entrails were cut, and he had better dispose of it—he said he was a poor man, and could not do without a horse, he must make the best he could of it, put some more money to it, and buy another—I called Mortimer, my neighbour, across, and his opinion was the same as mine, that the entrails were not cut, and advised him to take it home—the prisoner went away towards Paddington—I afterwards saw the same pony at Guildhall.





JAMES MORTIMER
. I was in company with Lamb—the prisoner told me the pony was his, and he had brought it from Roxley-heath, that he had had it some time, and gave 30s. for it, and that it was very poor when he bought it—he asked me what I thought it would fetch at the horse slaughterer's—I said, "From 25s. to 30s."—he said he should not care if he could get 30s. for it—I said I would give him a sovereign for it, and some steak for his breakfast—I bought it—I afterwards offered it for sale at Smithfield—it had partly recovered from the wound—I had sewed it up, and it burst again—I was told at Smithfield that it was stolen, and I was given into custody.





WILLIAM NEWMAN
. I was present when Mortimer bought the horse—the prisoner said he was going to take it to the horse slaughterer's, as it had been stabbed over night—Mortimer persuaded him to take it back again, and said it would recover—he at last sold it to Mortimer for 20s.





WILLIAM LAWRENCE
. I am a police-inspector at Han well. In consequence of receiving a description of the prisoner I apprehended him at Hanwell, where he lives, which is five miles from Harrow—I told him I wanted him, and took him to the station—I then charged him with stealing the horse from Rackliff—he said he knew nothing at all about it, and had never seen it—I saw the horse at Guildhall, and Rackliff identified it—it was from the description of the prisoner from the three last witnesses I apprehended him.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
