





1080. 




CHARLES POND
 and 



GEORGE DREW
 were indicted for

burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John William Reeve, about the hour of twelve in the night of the 
1st of March, at 
St. Faith under St. Paul, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 coat, value 1l. 10s.; 1 shawl, value 5s.; and 2 pairs of gloves, value 2s.; the goods of 



Joseph Tredgett: 1 handkerchief, value 4s.; 2 punch-ladies, value 1l. 10s.; 7 spoons, value 1l.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 10s.; 2 billiard-balls, value 5s.; 11b. weight of cigars, value 1l.; 8 half-crowns, 4l. shillings, 30 sixpences, and 17s. 6d. in copper monies, the property of the said 



John William Reeve: and 




SARAH HERBERT



, for feloniously receiving 1 handkerchief, value 4s., part of the said goods, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c,: to which


POND pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Ten Years.





JOHN WILLIAM REEVE
. I live at the Bell Inn, Newgate-market, in the parish of St. Faith under St. Paul. On the night of the 1st of March, I went to bed about ten o'clock—my house was not closed then—my wife was the last person up—next morning, at three o'clock, I was alarmed by the lad who gets up at three—I found the bar-door open, and the till had been taken out—the drawer in the bar-parlour had the lock forced open, and some silver money taken out, and some copper taken from the ledge by the side—I missed seven silver tea-spoons, two punch-ladles, a silk handkerchief, some cigars and sheroots, a great-coat, a shawl, two pairs of gloves, two billiard-balls, and a pair of sugar-tongs—they were all taken out of the bar-parlour, except what was taken from the till—it appeared the persons had come in at the coffee-room window—there were no marks of violence there—the window was generally not fastened, as we are enclosed by gates each way, and it is in general left a little open—I found a panel had been taken out of the bar-door, which is usually locked at night—the panel was taken out of the top, which shoves up, and then they had unbolted it to let themselves in—the prisoner Pond had been in my service, and left me last August—the two other prisoners I know nothing of.





JOHN BERRY KENTISH
. I am beadle of Newgate-market. On Saturday,

the 27th of March, the prisoner Pond came to my house and surrendered himself—he accused himself of being concerned in this robbery.





GEORGE ROLF SCADDING
. I am in the service of Mr. Walter, a pawnbroker, of Aldersgate-street. I have a silk handkerchief pawned, to the best of my knowledge, by the female prisoner, on Saturday, the 6th of March, in the name of Ann Herbert—I have known her before, and know several of her family as well—I cannot swear to her being the person positively—I lent 1s. on it.

MRS. REEVE. On the night of the 1st of March, I was the last person up—I went to bed at eleven o'clock—the house was quite safe—the bar-door was shut in the usual way, and locked by myself—in the morning we found the panel taken out of the door, and the door open.





FREDERICK JOHN WOOD
. I am assistant to Mr. Rosier, a pawnbroker, in Turner-street. I have a great-coat pawned, to the best of my belief, by the prisoner Drew, on the 2nd of March, for 10s., in the name of Thomas Brown—I did not know him before—I certainly believe him to be the person—I asked him where he lived—he gave me No. 8, Peter-street.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. I suppose a great many people come to your shop? A. Yes—we only take the name and address—we do not put a description of the party—I cannot swear to him positively—it is possible I might be mistaken.

J. W. REEVE
re-examined. This is my handkerchief—the mark is picked out—here is the fellow one to it.

Cross-examined. Q. What is the whole amount of property you lost? A. About 7l. or 8l.

MRS. REEVE
re-examined. I know this handkerchief to be my husband's—I know it by my own work of the marking—I can see where it has been picked out.

Cross-examined. Q. You cannot tell it is your marking that was there? A. I have no hesitation in swearing to it.





JOSEPH TREDGETT
. I lodged at this house—this is my coat, I left it when I went to bed at night, at ten o'clock, in the bar-parlour, and in the morning it was gone.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite sure it is yours? A. Quite—I have had it a year.





JOHN DEAR
. I am a City policeman. I took Drew into custody on Saturday evening, the 27th of March, in Farringdon-street—I searched Herbert's lodging—I knew it to be hers from information I received—I did not find her there—she was then in custody—I do not, of my own knowledge, know it to be her lodging.

DREW and HERBERT—


NOT GUILTY
.
