




2718. 




CHARLES ROBINSON
 and 




WILLIAM IVES
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
15th of September, 1 cullender, value 1/2 d.; 1 saucepan, value 1/2 d.; and 6lbs. weight of kitchen-stuff, value 8d.; the goods of 



John Jackson; and that they had been before convicted of felony.






THOMAS HEN WELL
. I live with my father, in St. Pancras-fields—John Jackson lives in the next cottage. At half-past five o'clock on the morning of the 15th of September I was in my father's garden—I saw the two prisoners coming by—they stopped, just at the corner of the gate of Jackson's yard—Ives broke in the gate, went in, and took the fat, the saucepan, and cullender off the pig tub by the back door—Robinson was standing outside. five or six yards from the fence—I then saw Ives come out with the cullender and saucepan in his band—Robinson came to him, and took them from him, emptied the fat from the cullender into the saucepan, and chucked the cullender into the ditch—Robinson took the saucepan into his hand, and they both went away together—I ran round another way, and met them—I saw a policeman, and he took them—I knew them very well by sight about Somers-town—they told the policeman they were going, to work in the brick fields.





JAMES SHAY
. I am a policeman. About five o'clock that morning Henwell called me—I went with him into the King's-road, and met the prisoners together—Henwell pointed them out—I told them I took them for stealing the cullender, saucepan, and fat—they denied it—I took them down to the place where the fat was taken from, and then to the station—I found the cullender in the ditch.





JOHN JACKSON
. I live in the cottage dose to Henwell. I collect fat to sell again—I had some in a cullender and saucepan on the top of a tub by the pig-sty—the policeman came, and I missed my fat, saucepan, and cullender—these are them.

Robinson's Defence. I was coming along, and met Ives; he came across to me, and said, "Have you seen my father's donkey?"—I said, "No"—we went on, and the policeman stopped me.

Ives' Defence. We both met the boy, and he said the same to us both; he brought the policeman, and took us both; they found nothing on us,





MARTIN KING
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of Ives' former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.





FRANCIS MUNTER
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of Robinson's conviction, which I got at Clerkenwell Sessions-house—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

ROBINSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—



Confined Twelve Months.

IVES—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.—


Transported for Seven Years.—Convict Ship.
