



685. 




JOHN FEACY
 was indicted

 for the wilful murder of 



Thomas Martin; he was also charged on Coroner's Inquisition with the like offence.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
BRIERLY
conducted the Prosecution.






SUSANNAH EMBERSON
. I live at No. 8, Cradle-court, Red Cross-street—I knew the deceased, Martin—he was in St. Martin's workhouse—that was his last residence before he died—I know the prisoner—he lived in Cradle-court—I lived with him for two years and a half—I had not previously lived with him—I had previously lived with Martin, but not for above these three years—I did so for thirteen years, and had four children by him—the two last are living—we were compelled to separate, through being distressed, about three years ago—there was about twelve months interval between my separating from the one and living with the other—I was in the house myself—on Tuesday, the 17th of Feb., between ten and eleven, Martin came to No. 8, Cradle-court, where I was, to remove my things belonging to me—he first came on the Tuesday morning—I had told the prisoner on the Monday morning that I would not live with him any longer—Martin was assisting me in removing the furniture which was left to me by my uncle—Martin came again after that, and we went out together—it was about one o'clock, or I should say, between twelve and one when we came back—Martin remained there with Feacy, and we all three sat talking together—Feacy made an objection at first in the morning to my removing the things—that was the cause of our going out—in the afternoon I went out, between one and two, to look for a room to remove my things to, and Martin remained there with Feacy and their children—no one else—the elder child is nine years of age, and the other seven—I came back about two, I should think, or between two and three—I cannot say exactly the time—I found them both there—Martin had tied up the bed ready to be removed, and took it away to the lodging that I had taken, and I remained on the stairs—he came back again, and we went into the room, and then Martin began to undo the bedstead, and while he was doing so, I gave him a bed-winch out of the drawer—Martin said that would not undo it, and I went to see if I could borrow one, and when I came back Martin had undone the bedstead without it, and had tied it up partly, and while tying it up Feacy asked me about a shirt—it was a shirt belonging to my uncle—I was looking up the dirty things, and I picked up the shirt, and said to Martin, "This is one of my uncle's," and I said to Martin, "Never mind that; let him have that;" and I threw it down on the floor—Martin said, "Oh! he shan't have that;" and with that Feacy laid hold of it, and there was a struggle between the two—Martin twisted it out of his hand, and threw it on the floor, and with that Martin stooped to finish tying up the bedstead, and while he was stooping tying up the bedstead, Feacy took the knife, and run it into his side—the knife laid on the table when he took it a few minutes before I saw it—the table was near to him, on the left-hand side of him—they were one on each side

the table, because there was about a yard between them—the prisoner was close against the place where the knife was—it was a long table-knife, and had not been used for some months—it had been in the cupboard, and had been lying on the table for some time, rusty—it was an old carving-knife—on the wound being inflicted, I said, "Oh!" and Martin said, "Oh! I am stabbed"—I run down stairs instantly to the landlady, in the bottom room, and said, "Oh! he has stabbed Martin"—my eldest son was there, and I said, "Run for the doctor," and he run for the doctor, Mr. Ponder, in Redcross-street—when I came back, I went up stairs, and the police had got the prisoner—the name of the deceased was Thomas Martin—he remained in the room till next day—I have seen him since his death.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. I believe Martin came out of the workhouse that morning? A. Yes—while we were at the house in the morning, about eleven o'clock, Martin had some beer, and Feacy sent my little boy out for some gin—I did not have any gin myself—only Feacy had gin—Martin and I had some beer—I drank some with him—we had a pot of beer between us—after that we had another pot when we were up stairs in the room with Feacy, before this happened—I did not have any after that—I am prepared to swear that—the things which were left to me by my uncle I received on last boxing-day, and I took them home—the prisoner is a type-founder—the last place he worked at, I think, was Mr. Thorowgood's, in Fann-street—he only worked there a short time—the shirt that I have been speaking of, the prisoner had been in the habit of wearing—Martin was a bigger man than the prisoner, a strong, stout man—I have been in the habit of being intoxicated with Feacy latterly, since Christmas—I came in afterwards with the surgeon—we came both together, I believe—he came with me instantly—about five minutes elapsed between my going out and coming back—Martin was tying up this bedstead with the cord belonging to it—I have mentioned before, that he called out," Oh! I am stabbed"—I told it to those in the house where I lived—I have said a great deal concerning it since the poor fellow has been dead—I said it to the landlady—she is not here—and to others—I was very much alarmed at the time—I ran down as fast as I could.

COURT. Q. You say there was a struggle between them? A. Yes, and Martin twisted the shirt out of Feacy's hands—the struggle between them did not last a moment—they were close together at the time—I was standing behind Martin towards the door—it was not above five minutes after that, that the stab was given, because Martin said, "I won't injure him."





JAMES ALEXANDER TEAGUE
. I am clerk to the Magistrates of the City of London—I accompanied Mr. Alderman Farebrother to this place, No. 8, Cradle-court, Red-cross-street, on the day this occurred—I cannot recollect the day of the week—I found the deceased, Thomas Martin, there—the Magistrate asked him, previous to my taking any depositions, what he considered to be his state—he said he did not consider he had many hours to live—he was in bed at the time—he said further that he did not expect he should have lived so long as he had—he presented the appearance of a person seriously ill—I should have said he could not have lived long—he presented that appearance to me—Feacy, the prisoner, was in the room at the time—he was in custody—I administered the oath to Martin and took his deposition in writing—it was read over to him in the Magistrate's presence, after I had written it—I asked him if he understood it—he said he did, and he put his mark to it.
(Read)—"Thomas Martin, late an inmate of St. Martin's workhouse, says, I was discharged from there yesterday morning—I came here for two children of mine, by Susannah Emberson, now present, with whom I had lived for thirteen

years—I came about eleven o'clock—the prisoner Feacy was here—he asked me what I wanted—I told him I came for my two children, and to move part of the things in this room that belonged to Susannah Emberson—he told me to be off out of his room—I told him, "It don't belong to you, it belongs to Susannah Emberson'—Susan told me to take the key out of the door and put it into my pocket, which I did—Susannah Emberson went out and fetched a policeman, who told me I might remove them—Feacy said I should not—I told him we would have no quarrel, it would be settled in a very short way, if he would go to a Magistrate, which he refused to do—I tied a bed up and took it away—I returned here about half-past three o'clock, and began to tie up a bedstead—the prisoner tried to prevent me—while I was tying it up I told him he was a scoundrel for ill-using another man's children—Feacy had a shirt in his hand—I asked Susannah if it belonged to Feacy—she said, 'No, it is one that was left me by my uncle'—I twisted it out of Feacy's hand and threw it on the bedstead—I told him it was not his and he should not have it—he flew to a table which was about three steps off, and came up to me and gave me a blow—I found immediately that I was stabbed in the left side—he drew a knife from my side, and struck me with it three or four times, but I prevented him stabbing me again, and threw him in the corner and fell upon him, and succeeded in wrenching the knife from him—I do not expect I have many hours to live—I never saw Feacy before yesterday morning."

Q. This examination was taken in the room in which the transaction occurred? A. Yes, it was a very small-sized room, not very much larger than the dock—perhaps twice as large, including a little recess—I noticed a table there, on which I wrote the depositions—whether that had been in the same position or not at the time I do not know—it stood at that time in the middle of the room, close to the bed.

Cross-examined. Q. You took the depositions of the first witness, Mrs. Emberson, did you not? A. Yes—she was in a state of excitement at that time—I cannot say in a state of intoxication—she appeared to be suffering from the effects of drink, and to be very much excited—that was on the Wednesday evening previous to my taking the deceased's depositions—we had great difficulty to get at the facts from her—she was either labouring under the effects of drink, or excitement.





JAMES LEWIS
. I live at No. 4, Old Goswell-street, Whitechapel—I remember Tuesday, the 17th of this month—I was at No. 8, Cradle-court, Redcross-street, and heard a noise in the room occupied by Feacy, at about a quarter past four—I was in the room underneath—in consequence of a communication from Mrs. Emberson, I fetched a policeman—the noise was as if a bedstead was being drawn across the room—I heard them taking down a bedstead, and I thought they were drawing it across the room—I went for a policeman without going into the room—Sarah Emberson desired me to go—I brought a policeman who was close by at the time—I went into the room with him—I entered the room first—I saw Martin lying on the top of Feacy—as soon as he saw me enter the room he handed me up the knife, and said, "This is the knife, and this is the man that stabbed me, "I took the knife—the policeman has it I believe (produced)—that is the same knife.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe it was immediately on hearing the bedstead removed in that way, that Mrs. Emberson came down, was it not? A. Yes—I have been examined before the Magistrate—I do not know whether any deposition was taken down in writing—the deceased's words were not, "Here is the knife it was done with," I swear that he said, "This is the knife and this is the man that stabbed me"—I swear those were his words—I was examined the morning after this transaction—Martin had the knife in his hand

and he was lying on the top of the prisoner—the prisoner was almost choked—he complained when he got up that he was almost strangled.

COURT. Q. Had he any appearance of that kind? A. Yes, he seemed rather faint, and he asked for a chair.





JEREMIAH O'SULLIVAN
 (City police-constable, No. 121.) On Tuesday the 17th of Feb., I was fetched to the house in Cradle-court, in the afternoon about a quarter past four o'clock—when I went into the room I looked round and saw Martin lying in the corner of the room—I asked where the man was that stabbed the other—Martin said, "I have got him here, you take care of him"—I took the prisoner into custody—at that time the prisoner was lying down under Martin, and I took him—I produce the knife—this is the knife—I received it from Lewis, the last witness.





WILLIAM PONDER
. I am a surgeon and live at No. 54, Redcross-street, City. On Tuesday afternoon, the 17th of Feb., I was called to Cradle-court—I found Thomas Martin there—I saw him in the corner of a room lying onthe prisoner—Martin said, "I am the man that is stabbed, and this is the man who has stabbed me"—Martin then showed me a knife, and said, "This is the knife that has done it"—I then assisted the wounded man to a chair—the prisoner was given into custody of the police—Martin became faint when sitting on the chair—I immediately laid him down—the faintness increased very rapidly, he became perfectly collapsed, the skin cold and damp, and the extremities, and without any pulse perceptible—after using means for resuscitation he gradually revived—a temporary bed was made for him, on which he was placed—I then examined the wound, after taking off the belt, which he had round him at the time—I found the wound as I thought, between the eleventh and twelfth, but I have since discovered it was between the tenth and eleventh rib—I had the assistance of another medical gentleman, Mr. Parnell, of Charterhouse-square—we afterwards examined more minutely, and found that the wound passed obliquely downwards, probably to the extent of an inch, or an inch and a half—I could not exactly say at that time—I rendered him every assistance that could be done for him, and he was removed to the hospital next morning, about one o'clock—I superintended his removal, and took every care that his person should not be shaken in any way—I saw him every day after that, but the day on which he died, which was Saturday, about a quarter past eleven o'clock—I saw him when dead, on the Sunday, about two o'clock in the morning, in the dissecting-room—the wound did not penetrate the thorax—I said it did at the police-court, but I had an opportunity of correcting that afterwards—it was such a wound as might be produced by a weapon like that, and in my opinion the wound was the cause of death—I have not the least doubt of that myself.

Cross-examined. Q. How long was the wound? A. I should say probably from three quarters to an inch, the appearance of the external wound—I considered the wound to have been an inch and a half in depth—it had the appearance of a stab—I observed blood upon the knife—the knife passed first through the band of a thick pair of trowsers, afterwards passing through the belt, before entering the body—it passed through the trowsers, and afterwards the belt—the wound was about the position of my waistcoat pocket, between the tenth and eleventh rib—I should say midway between the breast-bone and the back-bone—the effect on a person receiving such a wound would be to make him faint, probably not immediately—in this instance, however, it did not have that effect—I should have supposed that the immediate effect would have been likely to create faintness—it would be the natural consequence of such a wound that a man would feel faint almost immediately afterwards I should have expected faintness would have been produced.


COURT. Q. Supposing that knife to have gone the depth you describe, might not the blood have been wiped off the knife through its coming out again through the trowsers and belt? A. I should say a considerable portion of it would—I saw the body after the examination—five minutes probably—I was not there at the time—from what I saw on examination and of the wound before, I entertain no doubt whatever that it was the cause of death.





JOHN BEVERSIDE HILL
. I am house-surgeon of Bartholomew's-hospital. On Wednesday, the 18th, I attended the deceased, Thomas Martin—I found a wound on his left side, between the tenth and eleventh ribs, which was bleeding at the time of his admission—the pulse was very small and feeble—he was very pale, and complained of pains in his stomach, on his admission—I attended him subsequently up to the time of his death, every day—he died on the Sunday, the 21st, a few minutes before eleven o'clock in the evening—I made a post-mortem examination of the body, and found the wound in the situation I describe, about mid-distance between the sterum and the back bone—the abdomen was penetrated, and the spleen, one of the organs in the abdomen, was penetrated, and the contents of the spleen poured out into the cavity—there were about two quarts of blood in the abdomen—the intestines were stuck together by recent inflammation—the immediate death arose from inflammation of the serous membranes which line the cavity, the peritoneum—the wound was, in my opinion, the cause of death—no doubt of it—it was such a wound as might be produced by an instrument like this knife.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you did not consider it was so dangerous at first? A. Yes I did—I had very little hope of his recovery, very slight indeed—I could hardly give any hope at all.

COURT. Q. Is that a dangerous part of the body to inflict a wound upon? A. Any part of the abdomen is dangerous—I did not remove the belt from the body.





STEPHEN SAUNDERS
. I am a City-policeman. I produce a belt, which was brought to the workhouse by a person—I do not know the person—I have seen him perhaps.

MR. PONDER
re-examined. This is the belt I removed from the body—it was penetrated—the inside was very much covered with blood—the blood would follow immediately from a wound of that kind.

MR. HILL
re-examined. Faintness would immediately and necessarily follow on such a wound being inflicted in that part of the body.




GUILTY

of manslaughter. Aged 48.—


Transported for Life.

