




1515. 




MARY THOMPSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of October, 1 watch, value 7l.; 1 watch-guard, value 1l. 5s.; 15 spoons, value 5l. 10s.; 2 candlesticks, value 2l. 1 pair of snuffers, value 7s.; 1 snuffer-tray, value 7s.; 26 knives, value 1l. 10s.; 26 forks, value 1l. 10s.; 7 table-cloths, value 22,; 2 coats, value 7l.; 4 handkerchiefs, value 10s.; 4 shirts, value 2l.; 3 shirts, value; 1l. clock, value 2l.; 5 shawls, value 7l.; 5 gowns, value 5l.; 1 pair of stays, value 10s.; 3 petticoats, value 10s.; 4 shifts, value 1l.; 2 bed-gowns, value 5s.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 3s.; 1 pair of boots, value 10s., and 1 basket, value 1s.; the goods of 



Daniel Percival, her master.






SUSANNA PLUMBRTDGE
. I live with my son-in-law, Daniel Percival, at Caraberwell. The prisoner came into his service at the latter end of August —she remained four weeks, and then went away for a fortnight, having a bad knee—she returned on Saturday night. On the Monday morning I went out about ten o'clock—I returned between eleven and twelve, and she was gone—she had given no notice that she was going—I found a large box up stairs broken open, and a quantity of plate and linen gone, also other articles from the drawers—I did not see the prisoner again till she was in custody last Sunday fortnight—this happened on the 12th of October.





JAMES BROOK
 (police-constable L 118.) I took the prisoner into custody on the 25th of April in Union-street, Borough.—I said I took her for absconding from her master in October last, and stealing a quantity of plate and wearing apparel—she made no reply—I have two pairs of scissors which I received from Mrs. Plumbridge—I applied them to the marks on the drawers and box in Mr. Percival's house, and they corresponded—such instruments as these must have been employed in making those marks—there were the marks of two pairs of scissors—both these are broken.





SUSANNA PLUMBRIDGE

re-examined. I found these scissors on the bed when I went up stairs—the box and drawers had been broken open with them—no one could have got into the house during my absence—I shut the door when I went out—when I returned I found the prisoner had left the side gate and the side door on the latch—one pair of these scissors belong to her, the others are mine—I left them on the mantel-piece down stairs—she could get at them—I left a child three years old in the house with the prisoner, and when I came back the child was lying on the bed by itself crying.





DANIEL PERCIVAL
. I lost 80l. or 90l. worth of property—every thing that was portable was gone—I have never recovered any part of it.

Prisoner's Defence. I did not go back to the situation with a view of stopping—my leg was too bad.

MRS. PLUMBRIDGE
re-examined. She said it was better.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported Seven Years.
