



2509. 




WILLIAM SCOTT
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 

our Lady the Queen, on the 
20th of September, at Woolwich, about the hour of two in the night, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 2 coats, value 7l.; 2 pairs of trowsers, value 10s.; 15 handkerchiefs, value 8s.; 1 scarf, value 5s.; 1 hat, value 1s.; 2 shoulder-straps, value 10s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 6d.; 1 snuff-box, value 6d.; 10 buttons, value 5s.; 10 split rings, value 2d.; 1 breast-pin, value 10s.; and 1 pair of epaulettes, value 1l. 12s.; the goods of 



Henry Clerk.






GEORGE HARRIS
 (police-constable R 158.) On the morning of the 21st of September I was in Deptford Broadway, about five o'clock I saw the prisoner carrying a bundle—I stopped him, and asked him what he had got—he said some regimentals and plain clothes belonging to his master—I asked who his master was—he said, "Lieutenant Forbes, of the Royal Artillery, Woolwich;" that he was in waiting on Prince Albert at the Palace, and a French valet, who was also in attendance, was to meet him at a coffee-house near London-bridge, to receive the bundle of him—I took him to different coffee-shops in the neighbourhood of London-bridge—we went on to another, he said that was the house—he

came out, and said it was not the house—he then threw the bundle down and ran away—I pursued him—a scuffle ensued—he threw me down, and I took him—I afterwards found the bundle at a shop in Bishopsgate-street Within, next door to the coffee-shop we had been in—I had assistance to secure him—the bundle contained the things stated in the indictment—there was a black silk handkerchief round his neck, and the straps in his hat, which was thrown away, and picked up—I produce the articles.





WILLIAM FEARN
. I am a labourer in St. Katherine's Docks. On Tuesday morning last I came up when the prisoner and Harris were struggling together—Harris was on the ground—I heard him call for assistance—I helped to secure the prisoner.





HENRY CLERK
. I am lieutenant in the Royal Artillery, at Woolwich. These things are mine—my name is marked on the handkerchiefs—they were taken out of my barrack-room at Woolwich on Monday night—I had seen the hat and handkerchief safe that night, and the other things shortly before—on searching my drawers, I missed the things stated—when I returned to my quarters on Monday night, the 20th, I shut my door to—it was fastened by a common lock bolt—I was not aware of my loss till nine o'clock the next morning—they must have been taken between twelve o'clock at night and five in the morning—my barrack-room is in the parish of Woolwich, in Kent—they are the Queen's barracks—I have recovered the snuff-box, containing the buttons and the other things—the whole are about 10l. value.





FRANCIS ROSS
. I am a gunner in the Royal Artillery, and servant of the prosecutor. I went to his quarters at five o'clock in the morning of Tuesday, the 21st of September—the door of his apartment was quite open—I went in to take my master's things out—I saw the chest of drawers wide open, the clothes in them scattered about, and the articles found on the prisoner missing.





JAMES HONNOR
. I am a greengrocer, in Southampton-place, New North-road, Islington. I was in New-street, Bishopsgate—I heard the officer give the alarm of "Stop thief"—I saw the prisoner running with all his speed up New-street—he threw his hat away, and these shoulder-knots dropped from it.

Prisoner's Defence. I got these things from a person on the road, to carry to London; he afterwards went away and left me; I carried them on, till I was stopped by a policeman; knowing I had done wrong, I said I was going to take them to the coffee-shop, and for fear of being detected, I threw them away.




GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Recorder.

