





1946. 



WILLIAM WRIGHT,


 DAVID MUNDAY
, and 



JAMES CHAPMAN



, stealing 2 sacks and 5 bushels of oats, value 18s.; the goods of 



John Wilson and another, the masters of Wright, he having been before convicted.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN WILSON
. I am in partnership with my sister, Elizabeth Wilson, as stage-coach proprietors, at Islington. On Friday morning, 21st July, about twenty minutes before seven o'clock, Chapman came to our yard and told me he had got two loads of clover for me—I asked where it was—he said it was not come—I said he might bring it in—about ten minutes past eight I saw his wagon in the yard, close to the hay-loft—he had been unloading—it seemed to be quite empty—I saw it again about ten minutes to nine—it then had about two barrels of manure in it from the layers about 100 yards further down—it was standing near where it had been unloaded—Munday and Chapman were with it—I heard Chapman say to Munday, "You can be going on"—I had given Rowbottom some instructions—I told Chapman to

come to my office, that I might pay him—I went after Munday, and told him I wished him to come back; that I had sold his master a horse, and his master wished him to come and try it in the wagon—he turned round at once, and exhibited no hesitation—I went back first, and he came in two or three minutes—I told him to go down to the layers—I then found that the wagon contained two sacks of oats, completely concealed by the manure—I asked Munday what it was—he said corn for his horses—I said it was very strange, they were our sacks and our corn, I could swear to it—I do not think he answered—I went to Wright, and asked him if he knew anything about the oats—he said, "No"—I said he must, as no one had a key but him and me—he had the sole controul of the hay and corn department—I went to my office, found Chapman there, and told him I had had the hay counted, and it was ten trusses short—I had found two sacks of oats in the wagon, and found things so very bad, that I should have him and Wright taken—I sent for the policeman, and gave them in charge—the sacks and oats are mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Chapman used to supply you? A. Yes, for about three years—he is a carter at Wendover.





JAMES ROWBOTTOM
. I am in the prosecutor's employ. About seven o'clock in the morning of 21st July, I saw Chapman's wagon draw up to the hay-loft—Chapman was in it and Munday along side of it—it had clover in it—it was quite unloaded, and after counting the clover delivered, I went to my breakfast—there was in the wagon a truss of hay and one of clover, but no corn—I returned about half-past eight, and saw the wagon being driven to the layer—Chapman and Munday were with it—I saw it again coming out of the layers, about a hundred yards from where the corn is kept—Chapman was with it, and no one else—he had the reins—I thought I saw a sack partly concealed by the manure—Chapman went about twenty yards alone—he then waited, and Munday joined him—Chapman remained some time with the wagon, and Mr. Wilson came up to him—when he was coming, Chapman told Munday to drive gently on—I afterwards saw the wagon brought back—I chucked out the dung, and found two sacks of corn.

Cross-examined, Q. Where were his horses when you saw them? A. On the side of the yard where the manure is kept, about one hundred yards from the corn place—the wagon was taken there to put manure in—there were about two barrowsfull in it—Chapman is the master, and Munday is the man—I cannot say whether it is the master's duty to load the cart with manure—the sacks were not completely covered.





JOHN WARREN
. I am in Mr. Wilson's service. On 21st July I was in the yard—at a quarter before nine o'clock I saw Wright take two sacks of corn out of the corn loft, and take them towards the layers.

Wright's Defence. I took the corn for the use of my master's horses.





JOHN LACEY
. I am a policeman of St. Alban's. I produce a certificate of Wright's conviction—(read—Convicted July, 1846, and confined eighteen moths)—he is the man.

MUNDAY



NOT GUILTY
.

WRIGHT—


GUILTY
.

CHAPMAN—


GUILTY
. 3





Tranported for Seven Years.
)
