



1606. 




EDWARD LONG
 was indicted

 for stealing, in the dwelling-house of 



Solomon Harris, on the 
8th of Aug., at Hillingdon, 1 chimney ornament, value 1s.; 3 forks, 2s.; and 1 table-cover, 1l.; his property.: one 



Maria Harris being in the same dwelling-house, and bjf bit menaces and threats being put in bodily fear.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






MARIA HARRIS
. I am the wife of Solomon Harris, who lives on his property at Uxbridge, in the parish of Hillingdon. On Friday, 8th Aug., about noon, I went into the parlour, and saw the prisoner behind the door, with the large stick now produced in his hand—I asked what he came there for—he directly struck me with the stick on the side of my head, and said, "That is what I came for"—(I had seen him that morning in front of the house and supposed him a beggar)—he struck me all round and across the room on my head, shoulder, and arm—I imagine I raised my arm to protect my head—I fell from the blows—he then stood over me and said if I screamed he would knock my brains out—I was screaming, and he said, "What, you have not had enough, have not you?" or something to that effect—the servants, Lucket and Miles rushed into the room—when Miles saw it was a man she ran back to give the alarm—the prisoner rushed to Lucket—she screamed, and he told her if she screamed he would knock her brains out—I was on the ground—the parlour door was only latched, but when Lucket came in the prisoner bolted it—I saw when I entered the parlour that the window was open—Lucket lifted me up—I felt agitated—I did not feel the extent of the injury I had received till I jumped out of the window—I did not fall, but came on my feet (Lucket endeavoured to prevent my jumping out) my husband came out to me—I ran round the premises and gave an alarm—my mouth was bleeding and my jaw very much injured—my teeth were loosened from the blows, and my head very bad—I had an immense lump on the side of my head—my arm and shoulders were very much bruised—I had not offered to seize the prisoner, or commit any violence on him, I only said, "What have you come for?"—Roadnight, the police-sergeant, afterwards produced a chimney ornament and three table forks, which are my husband's property—I was very ill and confined to my bed for about a week, attended by Mr. Stillwell—a table-cover was afterwards produced to me which is my husband's.





MARIA LUCKET
. I am in the prosecutor's service. On Friday morning,

the 8th of Aug., I heard mistress screaming, and went to the parlour—the door was shut but not bolted—I went in and found mistress lying on the floor and the prisoner standing at the table, close to mistress, with the stick produced in his hand, holding it up as if attempting to strike her—I screamed, and he turned to me and said if I screamed he would knock my brains out—he shut the door which I left open, and I think he bolted it—I could see mistress had been very ill used—I saw her hand to her head while she was on the ground—I lifted her up, and she attempted to get out of the window—I endeavoured to prevent her—she was very much alarmed—Miles came up, screamed out, and ran for master—I saw blood on mistress's lips—she at last succeeded in getting out of the window—she was going out on her head, but I turned her back again, and she went out on her feet—the prisoner stood in the room—I asked him to let roe go out of the room—he opened the door and let me out—I left him in the parlour—Powell came—I was much alarmed and fainted—the table-cover, forks, and chimney-ornament were shown to me by the officer—they are master's—the table-cloth was rolled up on a chair when I went into the room—I had not been there that morning before—the forks were kept in a drawer under the cabinet in the parlour.





ELIZA MILES
. I am in the prosecutor's service. I was alarmed by mistress' screams, went into the room, and saw the prisoner standing by the table with a stick in his hand—I did not see mistress—I went to fetch master from the garden—I had been in the parlour between nine and ten o'clock that morning, opened the window, and left it open, it was the window which mistress jumped out of—the table-cloth was then on the table—I had not rolled it up and put it on the chair—the chimney-ornament was on the side table—I had not seen the forks for some days—next morning I saw where an instrument had been put in to force the cabinet, and found under the sofa-pillow a fork—there were marks on the cabinet-drawer as if it had been forced by the fork—I left the fork there—a portion of the bead-ing of the cabinet was under the sofa-pillow with the fork—it was safe that morning.





SAMUEL POWELL
. I am a sailor. I was working near the prosecutor's premises, on the 8th of Aug., between eleven and twelve o'clock, and heard screams of murder and a groaning—I looked and saw Mrs. Harris coming out at the front parlour window, which is about five feet from the ground outside—I then saw Lucket, the servant run out screaming—I had no shoes on—I ran down and had not quite got through the outer gate, when Lucket caught me by the arms—in consequence of what she said I went to the window, and Mr. Harris said, "This is the room the villain is in"—the window was still open—I got in at it and saw the prisoner standing with the stick in his right hand—he held it up, and said the first b—r who came into the room he would knock his brains out—as I got in at the window I stepped on a chair—he directly threw the stick down, and said, "I will surrender, I am a housebreaker"—I collared him—he had no shoes on, they were under a chair behind the door—the room was soon full of people—I kept hold of him—he asked for his shoes—I said he should do as I did, walk without them—I took him about 150 yards, and met sergeant Roadnight, who took him—as I walked him down the street he said he was bl—y glad he was taken, that he came either for money, or else to be transported—as we walked to the station he said, "Stop a minute," he produced from his pocket three forks and a chimney-ornament,

and said, "Here, old fellow, this is enough for you," and gave them to the police-sergeant—he said he never would have been taken, only he was in fear of the bl—y bull dog in the front of the house being turned in upon him—Mr. Harris keeps a large dog.





RICHARD ROADNIGHT
. I am a policeserjeant. In consequence of the alarm I went towards the prosecutor's house, and found the prisoner in the hands of Powell and several people—I took him, and on the road to the station he pulled out three silver-mounted forks and a chimney-ornament, and said, "That is enough for you"—I have no reason to think he was drunk or out of his senses—he said he got in at the window, sat in a chair, pulled his shoes off, took a letter from the drawers he took the forks from and read it—Uxbridge is a township in the hamlet of Eiling—I lodged him in the station, returned to the house, and found the table-cover rolled up on a chair close to the parlour window—Mr. Harris, next day, gave me a piece of beading and a fork—I applied the beading to the cabinet, and have no doubt it had formed part of, it—there was a place where the fork had been to wrench it off, which would enable him to open the drawer—the beading exactly fits the cabinet—when I was taking the prisoner before the Magistrate next day, he asked if he should have his hear-ing that day—I said I thought the lady would not be able to appear from the blows she received—he said she came into the room making a noise, and he struck her to make her quiet, that he sawed the stick from his father-in-law's pigsty—that he came down into the country to get money or be transported—Page gave me the stick—when I went to Mr. Harris's house I found a knife on the table, where the table-cover had been—the prisoner claimed it as his.





CHARLES PAGE
. I am a builder at Uxbridge—I went to the house in consequence of the screams—I found the prisoner in the parlour in charge of Powell—this stick was on the ground near him—I took it and gave it to Roadnight.





JAMES STILLWELL
. I am a medical man, residing at Uxbridge—I was fetched to Mrs. Harris between twelve and one o'clock, and found her lying on the sofa in the bed-room—she had a severe contusion on the side of the head—the mark of severe blows in front of the ear and behind the ear, and on the neck and shoulder on the same side—her arm was much bruised from the wrist to the elbow—her chin was bruised, and the inside of the mouth cut from being pressed against the teeth—it must have been from a severe blow on the chin—there was a very large swelling on the side of her head, as large as a common sized teacup, and a considerable quantity of extravasated blood—she was confined to her bed some days—she was in a very serious state, but no symptoms of danger supervened—it was necessary for her to keep her bed—I have attended her till now.





RICHARD ROADNIGHT

re-examined. I was present at the prisoner's examination before the Magistrate—he was asked if he wished to say anything, and was cautioned—what he said was taken down in writing, read to him, and he put his name to it—this is it—(read)—"I confess I done the robbery, and am sorry I hurt the lady."

Prisoner's Defence. I did not know what I was doing; I did it without a minute's thought; I never did anything like it before.
(Thomas Langton, Mrs. Gatland, and Eleanor Taylor, gate the'prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
.* Aged 19.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

