



1766. 




EDWIN SMITH



, feloniously forging and uttering an order for the payment of 57l. 10s., with intent to defraud 



Henry Bosanquet and others.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





EDWARD ALFRKD GRATTAN
. I am cashier at the Southwark Branch of the London and Westminster Bank—Henry Bosanquet and others are the proprietors—Mr. James Dobson of High-street, Borough, is a customer—on 27th June this check (looking at it) was brought by the prisoner—I suspected it, and asked him from whom he obtained it—he said Mr. Matthews sent him to obtain the money—I asked him what Mr. Matthews was—he said a builder or a carpenter—I took him into the Manager's room, a policeman was sent for, and he was given in custody—the policeman asked where he got the check—he said a gentleman over the way at Wallis's coffee-house gave it him to obtain the money, and gave him a shilling for his trouble—he said the gentleman had a white waistcoat, and he could give no other description of him—he produced a canvas bag, which he said the gentleman had given him to put the money in.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. It was some difference in the writing to that of Mr. Dobson which marie you suspect it? A. Yes.





MICHAEL GROGAN
 (policeman, 145 M.) The prisoner was given into my custody with this check—he said a gentleman with a white waistcoat, at Wallis's coffee-house, had promised him a shilling to go and get it cashed, and take the money back to him—I accompanied him to Wallis's coffee-house, and found no gentleman there—I took the prisoner to the station, and on searching I found this other check in his jacket pocket.


Cross-examined. Q. How do you know it was his jacket? A. He told me so—he told me where he lived—I searched his office, and found it there.





JAMES DOBSON
. I am a clothier in the Borough—I keep an account at the Southwark Branch of the London and "Westminster Bank—the prisoner was in my service about six months back; from four to six months—I have frequently sent him to the bankers to take cash—this check is not my writing, nor the slightest imitation of it—on my engaging the prisoner, I asked him to sign his name, which he did, but that was not sufficient for me to form a judgment of his hand-writing—he was requested to write at the Court, and from the signature at the Court, I should say this check is his writing—it is very like it—when this was first handed to me, I said I must refer to my books to see if I could find any corresponding writing—I have since seen his writing, which was similar to this, but it was written very badly—I have not sufficient information to form a belief abont it—this order for a check-book I can only make the same reply about, it is not my writing—I did not desire any person to go for a check-book on that day—the remark I was pressed to make at the Court was unfairly taken from me—I stated I had not sufficient authority to speak to the writing, I must see some corresponding writing.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you entertain the same doubt about the writing of this other check found in his jacket. A. The writing of that is similar to this—the prisoner was merely my errand-boy—I had a good character with him.





JOHN FREDERICK SHERRIFF
. I am one of the cashiers of the London and Westminster Bank in the Borough. On the 26th June this note was brought to the banking-house—I gave the person who brought it a blank check-book, No. 10063—that number would go through the whole book—I have no doubt the prisoner is the person.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen him before? A. Yes—my attention was called to this fact on 27th June, the day after I gave him the check-book—he presented the check on the 27th—his face was familiar to me, he having come from Mr. Dobson's before.

COURT. Q. Is the check produced, a check taken from that book. A. Yes—(check read) "June 27, 1848—London and Westminster Bank, Southwark Branch, 3, Wellington-street—Pay Mr. Matthews or bearer, 57l. 10s.—James Dobson."
(James Knight, a chemist and druggist at Stones-end, in the Borough, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
of uttering. Aged 15.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.
—



Transported for Seven Years
.

ADJOURNED TO MONDAY, AUGUST 21ST, 1848.
