




1308. 




MARY ANN DIMOND
 and 




LOUISA SAVAGE
 were indicted for

stealing on the 
1st of May, at 
St. Matthew, Bethnal Green, 2 table-cloths, value 12l. 10s.; and 1 handkerchief value 1s.; the goods of 



Charles Thomas Oliver, the master of Dimond, in his dwelling-house.






SARAH OLIVER
. I am the wife of Charles Thomas Oliver. We live in Gloucester-street, Hackney-road—it is our dwelling-house—I am a laundress—I had several table-cloths and other things to wash—one of the table-cloths was worth twelve guineas—I do not know whether I shall have to make it good—the lady has not yet come to any settlement about it—Dimond was employed by me, and was ironing in the room where I dried my clothes—she was there on the 1st of May—Savage came that day

to dinner, and came there again at night—Dimond came and asked me to let her have 1s. as she owed her 1s.—I missed two table-cloths and a handkerchief—I have found one table-cloth which is my own—this now produced is it, but not the twelve guinea one—this is my baby's handkerchief—I asked the prisoners about the things—they said they knew nothing about them—here is a napkin of the same pattern and quality as the best table-cloth.





ESTHER DULLAGE
. I work with Mrs. Oliver. I recollect, on the 1st of May, seeing my mistress's table-cloth safe on the corner of the dresser, about a quarter of an hour before dinner, and I missed it after dinner—Dimond was there then—I saw her pull off her petticoat, and put it on several times just after tea, and she went in and out of the parlour several times while Mrs. Oliver was in the yard.





KEZIAH CATON
. The prisoner Dimond hired a room at my house, and Savage was with her—Dimond owed me 6s., and on Thursday night, the 1st of May, when she came in I told the girl to go and ask her if she had got I any money for me—I heard Dimond say she had only 6d., what could she do with that—on the Friday morning Savage went out, and when she returned I let her in—she had a large white bundle with her—what it was I do not know—a little while after Dimond and Savage both went out, and I when they came in Dimond gave me 1s., and then there was 5s. left.





MORGAN EVANS
. My wife takes in mangling. On the morning of the 2nd of May, Savage came to my house, about twenty minutes to eight o'clock, with a very large and beautiful table-doth—she asked me to mangle it—I put it on the table on one side—she said it belonged to the Jews, and she wanted it done as quickly as possible.

Savage. It was not a table-cloth, it was a sheet I took. Witness. No, it was a table-cloth.





MARY EVANS
. I mangled the table-cloth—it was a very large one, and very fine and good—I never had so valuable a thing myself—I was out when it came, and when I came in my husband said, "Mrs. Dimond's servant has just brought this, she wants it in a great hurry"—I mangled it soon after, and she had it—it was about six yards long, and as near the pattern of the napkin now produced as could be, and as fine.





GEORGE TEAKLE
. I am a police-sergeant. I found this handkerchief round Savage's neck, and this small table-cloth was found at Dimond's house—the prosecutor's house is in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green.

Dimond's Defence. I asked her for 1s.; she gave it me, and a loaf and 3d.; I got Savage to come, and gave her the 1s. to take home meat for my children; I took off my petticoat, being so near the stove; I had once lost the use of my limbs, and was afraid of losing it again; she asked me to go at four o'clock in the morning; I said I would, but I was not abfe to go; she came in the morning with the officer, and charged me with taking a cloth valued at 3l., with a large darn on it down the middle; they have all taken wicked false oaths.





SARAH OLIVER

re-examined. There was a darn on it, but it was not the wear of it which caused it—it was most beautifully darned—it perhaps was not worth 5s.

Savage's Defence. I bought this handkerchief three months ago opposite the hospital, and my sister had half of it; this half of mine was pawned

with a shift, and only got out a few days before; I went to mind Mrs. Dimond's children while she was out.

DIMOND—


GUILTY



SAVAGE—


GUILTY



Of stealing under the value of 5l.
Aged 31.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Aged 18.—



Confined Nine Months.
