



812. 




JOSHUA PAGE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
31st of December, 130lbs. weight of tea, value 34l.; 30lbs. weight of snuff, value 7l.; 2 tea-chests, value 5s.; and 1 cask, value 2s.; the goods of 



Edward Drury Rayment, his master.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution,





JOHN MAJOR
. I am in the employ of Mr. Hinching, a tea-dealer, in St. Martin's-lane, Cannon-street. On the 31st of December the prisoner came to our house with his master's wagon—I delivered him nine chests of tea, and one box containing half a chest, and two bags of coffee—he came into the counting-house to sign this book, and put a cross to it—the articles were read over to him, and he saw them put into his wagon—they were for Edward Drury Rayment, at Hertford.

Cross-examined by
MR. RYLAND. Q. How long had you known him? A. He was a stranger to me—he brought a written order from Mr. Rayment—the goods had not been paid for then—he told me his name was Joseph Page.





JOHN DAWTON
. I am ostler at the Basing house. On the 31st of last December I delivered a cask to the prisoner for Mr. Rayment—there was a mark on it—I do not know what it was—it was sent there as snuff, and booked for Mr. Rayment, of Hertford—I knew the prisoner as his wagoner—I delivered it to the prisoner, and cautioned him to put it into the fore-part of his wagon—he put it into the hind-part—it weighed about 30lbs.

Cross-examined. Q. You told him to put it into the fore-part? A. Yes, and he put it into the hind—he said he was quite full on the fore-part.





THOMAS AKERS
. I worked for Mr. Rayment, at Hertford. On the 31st of December I was in London with the prisoner and the wagon—the prisoner was the wagoner—I was mate—we left the Basing-house, in Shore-ditch, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon—we had some chests of tea and some snuff in it—some of the tea was on the fore-part, and some behind—the prisoner loaded the wagon—we took the tea before we came to the Basing-house, and took the snuff at the Basing-house—when the prisoner was taking the cask down to the wagon, a person asked him what he had got under his arm, and he said, "Snuff, and I am d—d if I don't hug it to-night"—I remember seeing a boy that asked to have a ride—the prisoner gave him leave—he told me he might ride if he was going to Hertford to see his brother—there were two wagons of Mr. Rayment's at the Basing-house—the prisoner's went first—I drove the first part of the journey—the prisoner and the boy got into the wagon—I drove five

miles, then got in, laid down, and went to sleep—the boy was lying there—he got away from me in the wagon, and got behind—a little after he came back—I went on to the baiting-house at Enfield—the prisoner said, "Here is some one been robbing the wagon; they have been cutting the rope, and taking some tea"—when we got to the baiting-house at Enfield, we found the other wagon had got first—I cannot tell how it got there—Hubberston drove it, and when we got to the baiting-house he was eating his supper—I went to do the horses—we went on to the second baiting-house, and the prisoner told me just before we got there not to tell of the boy's riding, or else we should be in the wrong of it—he walked all the way to Hertford—he said, "If you split we shall be transported all of us"—he said nothing else, but got up into the wagon, and rode on to Wormley—my master had a dog that used to go with the wagon—he was a middling sharp one—he used to run by the side of the wagon, and we tied him underneath—he does not bite—he makes a noise when any person comes near the wagon—the prisoner put him inside that night, because he had been kicked a little while before—I know the Basing-house-yard—there was a truck there—it was the landlord's—it always stood there when we were there—it was a little hand-truck—the prisoner gave me 1s., to buy victuals for our dinners—he always did so—when I got to Hertford I called my master up, and told him the wagon had been robbed—we got to Hertford on Sunday morning—Mr. Rayraent sent us after a policeman—he went up, and looked at the rope, and saw where it had been cut—the prisoner was taken on Monday morning—I was taken also.

Cross-examined. Q. How far from London is your first baiting-house? A. About eight or nine miles—the last four or five miles I had been in the wagon asleep—Mr. Bush is landlord of the first baiting-house—the prisoner saw a policeman, and told him of it—the dog could not walk—the horse had trod on his foot, and he was put in to ride.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. When was this dog hurt? A. That night, after we left the Basing-house—the prisoner told Mr. Bush of the robbery after he got to the baiting-house—he went off to the station for a policeman, and left me to take care of his horses—I do not know whether he knew where the policeman lived—Mr. Rayment sent for me again, and I went for two days—we had a dog killed that night—it was quite a puppy—it was not ours—it was Hubberston's—our dog barked when strangers came near the wagon—if we took any one up it would bark at first.





THOMAS LEAPER
. I have relations, who are sweeps, living at Hertford. I did not know the prisoner before I rode down in the wagon—I went to the Basing-house to Lott, another wagoner, but he was not there—I found the prisoner, and asked him to give me a lift to Hertford—he said he would—I went down the Basing-house-yard—I saw a truck there—it had boarded sides and a handle to draw it by—I saw no man with it—I saw two men in the Basing-house-yard, who I thought it belonged to—one of them had a hat with a green ribbon round it, and a white smock-frock on, and the other had a small flannel cap on, and a dark coat down to his knees—I did not know the men—I had seen them about six weeks before in Union-street, Kingsland-road—I live in Cotton's-gardens, about five minutes' walk from Union-street—I knew the men's persons when I saw them—I saw both of them talking with the prisoner between the horses in the stable—the prisoner gave the boy 1s. to get something to eat, and told me to go home and get 4d. to pay for a pot of beer, which I did—I left them in

the stable—we left the Basing-house about five o'clock—the two men followed us as far as off the stones, and then they ran back—they had no truck with them, and the horses went on quite fast—I walked till I got to the one mile-stone—the prisoner then made me a place to lie down, and laid down himself—he said, "When you are going to sleep tell me"—I went to sleep, and the prisoner too—the prisoner then awoke me by treading on me—I cannot tell how long I had been asleep—I saw the prisoner lift out a chest of tea standing, and then he lifted out the other kneeling—he then took the straw from where the snuff laid, and took that out—I did not see whether any thing was behind the wagon—the horses stood still at first, and then the prisoner hallooed to them, and they went on—the prisoner was on the top of the wagon when they stopped—I knew his voice, and could see his cap—the boy was in the wagon—there was no one with the horses—I could see from the first horse to the last—there was a tarpaulin on the wagon—the prisoner lifted it up before he took the tea out—after he took it out, he made it right again—I saw a man standing on the side, receiving the things—he had a cap on, and a white smock-frock—he was one of the men I had seen in the yard at the Basing-house—there was something like a truck or cart by the side, but I could not see distinctly—I heard no conversation pass—after that the wagon went on on its road, till it came to the Black Hone public-house, the first baiting-house, at Enfield—when we got there, the prisoner called me and Akers out of the wagon, and told us of the robbery—I did not tell the prisoner it that time of what I bad seen—I do not know why I did not—he told me when we came out not to say any thing about my riding, or else we should be all transported together—he did not seem the least surprised, but Akers did—he had been fast asleep—the prisoner told me to go on to the Red Lion, and he would call for me—I walked to the second baiting-house—when I came out of the Red Lion, I saw a policeman talking to the prisoner—I thought I heard something like the wagon come by—I went out, and it was the prisoner—I asked him if he was going to take me on any further—he said not till he got out of the way of the policeman, and he told us again not to say any thing about my riding, if I did, we should all be transported together.

Cross-examined. Q. How old are you? A. Fourteen—I have an uncle and a brother living at Hertford—my mother is outside—my father has been dead six years—I worked at a stove-maker's last—I have been to sea two years, and have been home about twelve months—I was at work just before I went down to my brother's—I was going to see my brother—it was a tilted wagon, with hoops, and a tarpaulin over it—there was no light inside—I hallooed out to the prisoner when he trod on me, and told him not to tread on me so hard—I think I hallooed out loud enough for him to hear—I did not say any thing to the policeman about what I had seen—I told my mother first, and I was sent for to Hertford on the following Tuesday—I told them, on the Wednesday, the same story as I have to-day—I did not tell the prisoner about my seeing him steal the things himself—I told my mother Mr. Rayment's wagon had been robbed, and that I saw the prisoner take the things—I Was in custody myself for a week.





SARAH LEAPER
. I am the mother of Thomas Leaper. He came home to me after he had been down to his brother's at Hertford—he told me of the robbery of the wagon.


Cross-examined. Q. Did he live with you? A. Yes—about twelve months ago he came from sea—he has had but little work.





THOMAS YOUNG
. I am an En field carrier. On the 31st of last December I was on my road from London to Edmonton—I know Mr. Rayment's wagon, and the Ship public-house at Tottenham—between the Ship and the station I saw two of Mr. Rayment's wagons—I saw a truck and three men at the tail of the first wagon—one man had got hold of the truck and the wagon, to pull himself along—the men were talking together—I am not able to say whether the prisoner was one of the men—my daughter was with me—one of the men had a light-coloured coat on, and the other a dark one down to his knees—I did not notice whether they had caps or hats on—it was about five miles from the Basing-house—Mr. Rayment's other wagon was close behind—I saw nothing taken from the wagon.





LOUISA YOUNG
. I am the daughter of Thomas Young. I was sitting with my father in front of his errand-cart—I saw Mr. Rayment's first wagon—I saw a truck and three men behind it—I did not notice the prisoner—I cannot say whether he was one of the three—one of the men had a dark coat over his knees, the other a light dress—they were talking together—it was a light open truck, boarded at the sides—I did not notice whether the men had hats or caps on—I do not know how far this was from the Basing-house.





WILLIAM HENRY ORAM
. I am clerk to Nicholson and Longraore, solicitors, at Hertford. The prosecutor's name is Edward Drury Rayment.




GUILTY
.* Aged 28.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
