






918. 




GEORGE ARNOLD,


 CHARLOTTE DAVIS
, and 



JANE GALLOWAY
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
1st of Fehruary, 1 200l. Bank note, the goods of 



Charles Prior: and 





WILLIAM ARNOLD



, for feloniously inciting them to commit the said felony.


MR. ADOLPHUS
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES PRIOR
. I sell pigs and rabbits, and live in Angel-alley with Margaret McGrath. On the 13th of January last, I received a 200l. note, and 63 sovereigns at the Bank, in consequence of a legacy—this is the memorandum of it—it was by the sale of some stock—I kept the 200l. Bank note locked up in a box—on the 1st of February I bought three rab-bits and two hutches of the prisoner Arnold's father, and a dog of one of the sons over in Russell-street, Bermondsey—I got them home to White-chapel, in a truck—the two Arnolds assisted me—when I had got my rabbits home, I went to the Cock public-house, at the corner of Goul tone-street—I had left my 200l. note at home—I, and the two Arnolds, Galloway, and M'Grath went to the public-house—we had half a pint of gin, and we went from that to drinking warm beer—M'Grath went away, and I was left with the other three—George Arnold wanted a pipe of tobacco—I asked if he had got any money, he said, no, and I gave him 1d.—he had old clothes on, and a jacket or cap—George Arnold said I had got no money, I said I had a 200l. note at home—he said I dared not bring it and show it him—I told him I dare, and I went home and fetched it—I showed it to him, but did not let him have it in his hand—I showed it them all—they all looked at it—when I went home for the note, M'Grath followed me—she followed me into the public-house—I gave the note to Richardson, the bar-man, and asked him to change it—I seemed stupified and half-drunk—the bar-man said he would not change it, he would keep it till the morning—I said, "No, give it to my old woman, let her take it"—she took it, and I went home to bed—Davis came into the room after I was in bed—she said, "How should George Arnold get a 5l. note, where should he get one?"

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did M'Grath and Galloway go out together? A. No, Galloway went into the public-house with me.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Have you ever been in any difficulty? A. I was once, seven or eight years ago—I was sent to gaol, and kept there twelve months—I was not innocent of what they sent me there for—I was only in prison once—I swear I never was charged but that once, and once besides that—I had not forgotten it—I knew very well I had been there twice—it was Massy's public-house I went into, in the first instance—Galloway was there—I paid the hire of the truck—I borrowed 1s. of Galloway at Massy's, and paid for every thing that we had—I do not recollect saying, "Don't suppose because I borrowed 1s., that I have got no money"—Galloway knew I had got a 200l. note—I do not recollect saying any thing about the 200l. note when I borrowed the shilling—I will not swear that I did not say that I had got a 200l. note at home after I had the pipe of tobacco—I was not drunk—I settled for the truck—we had had the gin, and I went home—I had seen the bar-man, and paid him for the

gin—I had had no quarrel with M'Grath about this time—I did not threaten to leave her that night—I had told her that I should leave her—I have told her so before the robbery, but J did not that night—she did not tell me that if she got hold of any of my money she would keep it for herself—she is a different woman—I never heard her say that to me to my recollection—I never heard her say it.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. How long have you lived with her? A. Better than six years—we may have used ill words and quarrelled—she lives with me still—I borrowed 1s., because I had no change in my pocket—some of my 60l. was left—it was pretty well known in the neighbourhood that I had received that legacy, and had a 200l. note.





MARGRET MCGARATH
. I am a widow—I live in the same house as Prior—I can read my Bible and Prayer-book—I live with Prior. He had a 200l. note—on the night stated I went with him to the public-house—George Arnold, William Arnold, and Galloway were there—we went in together—Prior had half a pint of gin, and paid for it, and we drank it—he then gave me 6d., and said he was going out about some business—he went out—William Arnold asked me for a pipe of tobacco—I kept the money till Prior came in again, and then gave him the remainder of the halfpence—I went home—Prior came home, and asked me to take out his box—he took out his 200l. note—I followed him to Massy's again—Galloway, William Arnold, and George Arnold were there—Prior took the note out of his waistcoat pocket, and said, "You see I have got money, you said I had no money, here is a 200l. note"—he showed it to the bar-man, and asked him to change it—I said, "Don't change it, but take care of it for him"—Prior said he should have his note back again—the bar-man said he would not change it, but if he liked he would keep it for him—he would not give it him—Prior said, if he would not give it to him, to give it to his old woman, meaning me—the bar-man laid it on the counter, and said, "You see, Charles, this is the 200l. note"—Prior said, "Yes, I am satisfied"—I saw it was the 200l. note—I took it into my hands, folded it up, opened it, and said to a man who stood there, "You see this is a 200l. note"—the bar-man said, "Take care of it, put it into your pocket, and go straight home with it"—then Prior walked out, and went home—Galloway and the rest all left the house—Prior got home before me—when I got home Prior was just laid on the bed—he was not to say drunk, he was rather tipsy—he laid his head on the pillow—William Arnold then came for me—he said, "Peggy, Jane wants you"—(Jane is Galloway)—she lives the second door from me, in Angel-court—I told him I could not go—he came a second time, and I then went (it must have been five or six minutes from the time I left the public-house till I went) it was about half-past six o'clock when I went—it was dark—I went to where William Arnold took me—when I got there he put his arm round my neck, pushed me in, and said he had taken a great fancy to me that night—I had never seen him before that evening—it was a private house—I went into Galloway's room—she was sitting there by the fire—there was no candle—Davis was there—she is niece to Galloway, and Galloway is her servant—William Arnold went out—he said he would just have half a pint of rum, and Davis said, "What do you want with rum? you cannot pay for a pipe of tobacco"—George Arnold was not there at this time—William Arnold walked out, and did not come in again—I then said to Galloway, "Did

you send for me?"—she said, "No, I did not, but sit down by the fire"—I sat down, and said, "What a foolish man Charley must be, to take his note to a public-house, but, I thank God, I have it all safe"—after William went out, and after I had said this about Charley, George Arnold came in, and said, "Peggy, will you allow me to look at the note? I don't think I ever saw a 200l. note"—I took it into my hand, and said, "You see it is a 200l. note"—he took it out of my hand, and Davis moved towards the door—George Arnold walked up to Davis, with the note in his hand—he said to Davis, "You see this is a 200l. note"—she said, "Yes"—George Arnold faced Davis close, and I was afraid he would run away with the note—I kept my eye en him—he walked to me again, holding up the note, and put it into my hand—Davis walked back again, and stood by the fire—I looked round immediately, and saw George Arnold run away—he was gone in a moment after he gave me the note—I took the note be gave me, unfolded it, and found I had a 5l. note—I said immediately, "My note is changed"—I turned to Galloway, and said, "Can you read?"—she said, "No, I cannot"—I said to Mrs. Davis, "Can you read?"—she said, "Yes, and this is but at 5l. note"—I said, "What will I do? George has robbed me, I will destroy myself; George has robbed me, he has changed my note"—she said, "I wish I had not been here"—I said, "What ever will I do? I have been robbed of the man's note, of Prior's note"—she said nothing, but walked out, and went home to her house, which is next door to where we were—I then went to Prior, and told, him what bad happened—I then went to Davis again, and saw her and her husband there—I said, "Mrs. Davis, what ever will I do? George Arnold has changed my note"—she said nothing more than that she wished she had not been there—I" went to Spitalfield station, and they sent a policeman to Mr. Massy's to make inquiries—I afterwards went to Bermondsey with the policeman, and found William Arnold in bed, about eleven o'clock at night—the policeman said, "This woman is come to give charge of you and your brother about a 200l. note"—he said, "Yes, I was in his company, but I have not got the note"—he took him to the station, and on the way he said, "Be moderate with me, don't get me locked up; if my brother George has robbed you of a note, I have not; if you will go to Angel-square, Jane, I think, will make it all right"—I said, "How do you know, can she do it?"—"I don't know," says he, "but I think she can"—the policeman then came to Galloway's house, and rapped at the window—she was in bed—she said she knew nothing of the note—she was not taken to the station that night—about three weeks before the robbery, Davis said to me that she knew I had a 200l. note, and warned me to take care of it—Galloway said to me she dared to say Charles had spent more than 4l. or 5l. in all his spree—I said I did not know what he had spent, but I knew he had got the main part yet, he had got the 200l. note safe—that was a day or two before this happened—I had no other note beside that 200l. note in my possession at all—Charley had received the rest in gold.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did you go into the public-house with Prior? A. Yes—I and Galloway and all the party went into the house together—I did not see Galloway out of the house part of the time—she had not left the house before me—I went out to come home—Prior took the 200l. note, and I followed him—I cannot exactly say how long I stopped there, I should think half an hour—when I came out

Galloway had not left—we all came out together—we were on very intimate terms—she knew me for three or four years—we have been tenants of Davis's six years—I am in the habit of going to her house three or four times a week.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Had you had any words with Prior about the time of the robbery? A. No, not the night before the robbery, nor the night after—he never said a cross word to me—we were to leave the place entirely in a few days—we were quite good friends—I had no disturbance with him at all—he did not threaten to leave me at that time—I never said after the robbery that if ever I got hold of any of his property I would take care of myself—when Prior came to Massy's with the note, the bar-man was there—Prior showed it to him, and said, "You see I have got money," and the bar-man said, "Take care of it"—we had the note in the house about three weeks—I did not go with Prior to receive it, or see where he got it—I could not read the 200l. note very well—I could read it—I can swear it was a 200l. note that was taken—after George Arnold left I saw at once that the note I had was a 5l. note—Isaid, "Mrs. Davis, my note has been changed."

Q. If you were satisfied it was a 5l. note, how came you to ask Davis and Galloway if they could read? A. I was quite certain—I was so alarmed I did not know what I was saying—I saw the bar-man in the course of ten minutes after this in his bar—I asked him if that was a 5l. note—hesaid, "Yes, they have rung the changes on you"—I said, "This is not the note you gave me, you see my note has been changed"—I did not say "What note is this, is this the note you gave me?"—I can read this paper—Ido not know Timothy Mahoney—I knew him a good many years ago—myname is M'Grath—my Christian name is M'Grath—my maiden name I mean—my name was Mahoney—Tim Mahoney has been dead many years—I saw George Arnold show the note to Davis—I did not exactly see his hands—he came to her, and said, "Is not this a 200l. note?"—shesaid, "Yes, I have seen it before."

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. I suppose you and Prior have had little tiffs and quarrels, and made it up? A. I never had any quarrels—I never went away from him—we may have had a cross word or two—I brought a note from the lodgings with me—it was the same note that had been in the hands of the bar-man, and given to me to take care of, and the note George Arnold took out of my possession—if you were to put 200 in large letters I could read it—the officer has the 5l. note.





WILLIAM RICHARDSON
. I am bar-man at the Cock public-house, kept by Mr. Williams—the original name was Massy. On the 1st of February, Prior, George Arnold, and William Arnold came to the bar, and called for some ale—I served them—there were other persons there, but not connected with them—I then left the bar—Prior came to the bar in the course of time, and asked if I could change him a note—I said I could not—he went away and fetched a 200l. Bank of England note, and gave it to me—I put it into M'Grath's hand open—it was the same note—Prior seemed the worse for liquor—he said, "Give my old woman the note," and I did—I asked her if she could read—she pointed to the middle of the note where the 200l. was engraved in large letters, and said, "This is the note"—she showed it to another person, and said, "This is the 200l. note"—he said, "Yes, it is"—I saw her fold it up, and put it into a small bag, she put it into her pocket, and went away—Galloway was present while I had the

note in my possession, not Davis—I told Galloway that I had given M'Grath the note—she said, "It is nothing to me, I have nothing to do with it"—Prior went out first by the side door—Magrath went out at the front door—Galloway and the Arnolds went out in about two minutes—I believe Prior had drank ale or beer—he was the worse for drink, but sensible enough to know what he was about.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. When did Galloway come? A. While I had possession of the note—not till then—I was there when the parties came in, but I was away a quarter of an hour—whether any one came then, I cannot tell—Prior and the two Arnolds came in first—I did not see Galloway then—I did not see M'Grath till she followed Prior in with the note.

COURT. Q. Did Galloway see you give the note to M'Grath? A. No, she had left, and returned just after I gave M'Grath the note—I told her I had given the note to M'Grath, and she said it was nothing to her.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You were present when Arnold and Prior came in? A. Yes—they had some ale—I heard about the payment for the truck—that commenced previous to my leaving the bar—if they had had any gin then, I had not served them—they first came in about six o'clock, and the note was brought in by Prior at nearly seven.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did M'Grath produce any note to you? A. Yes, a 5l. note—there is no sitting-room at our public-house—persons come to the bar, and take what they want.





JAMES PERRY
 (police-constable M 60.) On the 2nd of February, about half past one o'clock in the morning, I was on duty in Long-lane, Bermondsey—inconsequence of what M'Grath said to me, I went to Russell-street, Bermondsey—I found William Arnold there, in bed—M'Grath charged him on suspicion of being concerned in the robbery of the 200l. note—I asked if he had been with his brother George the previous evening—hesaid he had, in Whitechapel, about half past six o'clock—I asked, "What part of Whitechapel?"—he then said, he could not tell; he did not recollect having seen him at all, as he had been drunk—in going to the station, he asked if I thought he should be locked up—I said, it was very probable he would—he said, "Why dou't you look to Jane for the note?"—Iasked him who Jane was—he said, "My brother George's old woman."





DENNIS POWER
 (police-sergeant H 18.) On the 2nd of February I apprehended Galloway at her house in Angel-alley, Whitechapel—she said she knew nothing about the 200l. note—I asked if she knew George Arnold—shefirst said "No"—and then she said, "He is in the habit of coming here four or five times a week"—I then told her she must go to the station—I asked her to send for Mrs. Davis, which she did—Davis came into Galloway's room—I asked Davis whether she knew any thing about the 200l. note—she said, she came into the house the evening before, about half past six o'clock, with her servant Galloway's tea, which she was in the habit of doing—she showed me the position she stood in at the door, by holding the door in her hand—she said, "While I was standing at the door, Peggy and William Arnold, who is now in custody, came in reeling, and William Arnold with his hand round her neck—Peggy went and sat by the fire, and there she pulled out a bank note, and said,' Thank God, my note is safe'"—that she (Davis) said to her, 'Peggy, take care of it, don't lose it,' as she was wrapping it up in an old stocking, and she placed it then in her pocket, that William Arnold then went out, and George Arnold

came in, and asked Peggy to look at the note—that she gave it him, and he walked a few paces, not coming near her—that she saw him hand Peggy the note again—he went out, and then Peggy said to her, 'Is this a 200l. note?' and she said to her, 'No, Peggy, it is a 5l. note'"—I then took Galloway, and told Davis she must attend at the office—I went back, by the prosecutor's request, and took Davis—she had got her things on, ready to come—the Magistrate held her to bail—I round George Arnold in custody at Spitalfields' station—he was dressed in a Macintosh, and was very drunk—I searched him, and during that time Prior came in—George Arnold extended his right hand to him, and said, "How are you, Charley?—Priorsaid, "Where is my 200l. note?"—he said, "I know nothing about it"—I took sixteen sovereigns and a half and 5s. 11 1/4 d. from him—the Macintosh appeared to be a second-hand one—he had a pair of clarence boots on, apparently new—he said he had won the money that day—here is the 5l. note I received from Prior—I said to Davis, "Mrs. Davis, it looks very black against you, being in the house at the time"—she said, "Yes, it does; I thought last night that I should be likely to get into trouble, being there"—I made inquiries as to her being in the house at the time she stated, and found it was a regular thing for her to go at that time with her servant's tea—she lives next door to Galloway, and keeps a house of accommodation—I believe Arnold's parents are very respectable.

GEORGE ARNOLD—


GUILTY
. Aged 36.



Transported for Seven Years.

WILLIAM ARNOLD—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—



Confined One Year.

DAVIS and GALLOWAY—


NOT GUILTY
.
