




1255. 




GEORGE WARD
 and 




WILLIAM IZZARD
 were indicted for

 breaking and entering the shop of 



Thomas Lockington Banks, at 
Christ-church, and stealing therein 9lbs. weight of soap, value 3s. 9d.; 36lbs. weight of candles, 18s.; 3lbs. weight of tobacco, 13s.; and 1 1/2 lb. weight of cigars, 15s.; his goods; to which


IZZARD pleaded 


GUILTY. Aged 17.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.—




Judgment Respited.








EDWARD MARTIN
. I live with my father-in-law, Thomas Lockington Banks, in Middlesex-row, Spitalfields—he is a tallow-chandler—I am his shop-boy—nobody sleeps in the shop. On Saturday, the 1st of May, about eleven o'clock at night, I locked the shop up safe—I went next morning, the 2nd, and found it just as I had left it—I locked it up again safe about eleven, or half-past—I went there again next morning, the 3rd—the doors were safe, but the ceiling was broken through—there is no story over it—there was an opening made wide enough to admit a man's body—I examined the shop, missed 9lbs. of soap, 36lbs. of candles, 3lbs. of cigars, and 3lbs. of tobscco, which was safe when I left the house—they are my father-in-law's property—I went and told him, and gave information to the police—the goods have not been found.





WILLIAM LIPLEY
. I am twelve years old, and live with my father and mother at Spitalfields-market. On Sunday afternoon, the 2nd of May, about four o'clock, I was going to climb up to the tiles of a shop to get my cap, which somebody had thrown up—just as I was going up I saw the prisoner Ward come down from the top of the tiles of Mr. Banks' shop, with this bundle in his hand—when he had got away, Izzard came out of the same place—he had nothing—I am quite sure of the prisoners—I knew Ward before—I did not tell Martin of this till Tuesday—I told a little boy in the market, and he went and told, and on Tuesday I told.

Prisoner Ward. Q. which way did you see me come down from the tiles? A. You came down the basket-way—I did not see what was in the bundle—it was about four o'clock.

Prisoner Ward. I have a witness to prove I was not in the market at that time.





SAMUEL GREEN
 (policeman.) I took Ward, and told him I wanted him for a robbery in the market—he said he knew nothing about it, he was innocent—I took him to the station—the prisoner Izzard came to the station next day, and said he wanted to make a statement—he did so—Ward was not present.


The Prisoner Ward called






JAMES MACKIE
. I am a porter at Spitalfields-market—I have not plied regularly there since last summer, but have been working at Billingsgate—I ply in the market now. On Sunday afternoon, I cannot say the date, as I did not pay particular attention—it was the day this happened—it was last✗ Sunday fortnight—Ward was with me from three o'clock in the afternoon till between five and six—we went out or Spitalfields-market, took a walk down Whitechapel-road, and through Victoria-park, and I went home to tea—I am satisfied that we were together till five o'clock, if not till six—Fitzgerald was with us—I have known Ward since we were children together.





PATRICK FITZGERALD
. I am a porter in Spitalfields-market, and live at No. 4, Butler-street, Tenter-grounds, Spitalfields. I know Ward—on this Sunday he and I, and Mackie, took a walk round Victoria-park—we begun walking at a quarter-past three o'clock—I was with Ward till six o'clock—we were walking all the time—we did not go into any pubic-house for refreshment—Ward was never near the place where these things were taken from—I left him in the market at six o'clock, and saw no more of him that night—I have known him for the last five years—he is a porter in the market.
(Joseph Edward Whittle, clerk of Spitalfields-market, and William Davis✗, potato salesman, of Spitalfields-market, gave Izzard a good character.)

WARD**—


GUILTY
. Aged 20. 


Transported for Seven Years.

