



18. 




JOHN BIDWELL
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Edwin Augustus Hewitt and another, about two in the night, at 
St. Leonard, Shoreditch, with intent to steal and stealing therein 1 watch, value 10l., their property.






EDWIN AUGUSTUS HEWITT
. I am in partnership with Mr. Baker, and live at 17, Old-street-road, in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch. On Monday morning, the 30th of October, about half-past two or three o'clock, I was awoke by my brother and a young man who lives with us, who told me something, in consequence of which I went to the front window over the shop, and threw up the sash, but could see no one—I waited till the policeman came by, directed his attention to the shutters, and told him to wait till I came down—I came down, and found a large hole cut right through between two shutters—the wire behind was broken away, the glass smashed, and several watches knocked down inside the window—I missed one—I had locked up the house about twelve over-night—the house was then safe—this is the watch I lost—it is the property of the firm—I know nothing of the prisoner.





THOMAS BICKNELL
 (police-constable G 169.) About half-past two o'clock in the morning of the 30th I was on duty in Old Street-road, and heard the drop of a bar or piece of iron on the pavement, and, on looking, saw two men running away from the shutters—I crossed over to them, and the prisoner threw something away (I could not tell what) into the middle of the road—I pursued him, and, with another constable's assistance, took him into custody, I took him back to the spot where he had thrown something away, and there found the works of the watch—I then took him to the station—returned with a light, and found the case on the same spot—I should think he must have been about two hundred yards from the shutters when he threw this away—I was within about thirty yards of the shutters when I first saw him—he was running—I lost sight of him in turning the corner—I was about ten yards behind him—it was at the corner of Willow-walk—another constable was standing at the end of Bath-street, and as he turned the corner I lost sight of them both—the other constable had got him round the corner—I searched the prisoner, and found on him five lucifer matches.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. I believe he denied all knowledge of it? A. He did—I did not find a cigar on him partly burnt—I do not recollect seeing any cigar—he was running very fast when I first saw him, towards me—he did not pass me—I was standing on the opposite side of the street, and as he was coming along, I crossed the street—he turned back and ran right away from me, and threw away the watch—I lost sight of him twice—the other one was a long way before him, and ran in a different direction—when I found him in custody, I did not say to the constable, "Halloo! what has he been up to?" nor anything to that effect—I said, "Hold him fast."






JOSEPH WAYMAN
 (police-constable G 147.) On the morning of the 30th of Oct. I was on duty in Tabernacle-square, about half-past two o'clock—I heard a cry of "Stop thief," ran to the spot, and saw the prisoner running very fast, and Bicknell in pursuit of him—on seeing me he turned down Willow-walk—I ran after him, caught him, and asked what he was running for—he denied running—he was very much out of breath—he was taken to Old-street-road, and I saw Bicknell pick up these works—after we took the prisoner to the station, we came back and found the case—it might be about 150 yards from the prosecutor's house.

Cross-examined. Q. Then you first saw this person running in Willowwalk? A. I took him in Willow-walk—I never lost sight of him after I first saw him—I saw him first in Bath-street—there is a turning from there into Willow-walk—he was on the opposite corner, and I was on this corner, meeting him—I saw him turn round into Willow-walk—I crossed in the centre of the road, when he turned the corner, running very fast—I was in the act of laying hold of him, I turned, and ran with him, and never lost sight of him at all—Willow-walk is about seven yards wide—I was ten or twelve yards from him when he turned the corner—there are courts in Bath-street, but no streets.





WILLIAM DEARMAN
 (police-constable G 162.) On the morning of the 30th of Oct. I was on duty near Mr. Hewitt's shop—he called me—I found a piece of brown paper pasted over a large hole in the shutters; and lying in the gutter close by, I found this small jemmy, a knife, and pieces of wood taken out of the shutter.
(Thomas Miller, butcher, Spitalfields; John Baker, cutler, Cock-hill, Bishopsgate; James Sharp, potato-salesman, Spitalfields-market; and Elizabeth Allcock, the wife of a journeyman printer, White Lion-street; deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.

