




1967. 



WILLIAM FIELD
 and 



ANN WILLIAMS



, stealing 8 sovereigns and 2 half-sovereigns; the monies of 



John Worrall, from his person; Williams having been before convicted.






JOHN WORRALL
. I live at Nichol-square, Hackney-road. On 24th Aug., between twelve and one o'clock at night, I met a woman in the City-road, and went with her to a brothel—I then went with two young females to a public-house—we had a dispute about a half-sovereign—Field was there—I left the house alone—the females and Field followed me—Field said, "You are going to be very much abused, allow me to see you home"—I said, "I will thank you to be my friend," and requested him to take my arm he took one arm and Williams the other—we walked for about fifteen minutes—they took me up various courts, to a very dark corner—Field put his right hand into my pocket and pulled out the pocket with eight sovereigns and two half-sovereigns in it, saying, "Let us see what the b—r has got"—I seized him, and called out "Murder!"—other men came up—I heard the money shake as the pocket was taken out—I laid hold of Field, the other people laid hold of me, and we all went down together—he got away—a constable came up—I followed Field, took him, and brought him back.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How old was the girl you went with? A. About sixteen—I described myself before the Magistrate as Charles Markham, gentleman, voluntarily—that was not true—I did not give the girl a bad half-sovereign—that was the subject of the dispute.





WILLIAM BISHOP
 (policeman, G 228). About four o'clock on this morning, I saw a female and four men go down Blue Anchor-alley—shortly after I heard a cry, "Don't murder me quite"—I saw three males and a female on top of Worrall—the prisoners were two of them—I pulled two away, not bowing what was the matter—they both ran away—Williams left him—she was never five yards out of my sight—I took ber—she tried to put something under her clothes—I caught hold of her hands—she doubled them, sat down, and said I should not have it unless I got a female to search her—I pulled her five or six yards, and she dropped this pocket containing nine sovereigns and two half-sovereigns—Worrall's trowsers were torn—he was struggling with Field, who I secured.

JOHNWOOD (policeman, N 277). I produce a certificate of Williams'

conviction—(read—Convicted Nov. 1843, confined six months)—I was present—she is the person.

FIELD—†


GUILTY
.

WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
.





Transported for Seven Years
.
