



26. 




GEORGE PIZZEY
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Christoffers, about one in the night of the 
13th of September, at 
Paddington, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 2 bottles, value 6d.; 1 quart of wine, 4s.; 1 quart of shrub, 6s.; 1 fork, 2s.; 1 handkerchief, 3s.; 1 thimble, 1s. 6d.; 2lbs. weight of cigars, 2l. 10s.; 2 wine-glasses, 2s.; 1 half-crown, and 12 shillings; his property.






JOHN CHRISTOFFERS
. I kept the Lord Hill, in Hermitage-street, Puddington, but have since left it. On the morning of the 14th of Sept. I got up at

five o'clock—I was the first person up—I went into my bar, and found my drawers and boxes broken open, which I had left locked the night before—my cash-drawer was broken open, and 10s. in silver taken—I also misted a handkerchief, a child's thimble, some cigars, and other things, all of which I had seen safe the night before—the parties had entered by the tap-room window, the shutters of which I had seen fast at twelve the night before—I did not fasten them myself, but I tried them, and found them fast, after all but myself were gone to bed, and after I had turned all the people out of my taproom—the prisoner was one of those—the screw had been taken out of the shutters, that would enable them to push them down and open the window, which was not fastened.





JAMES COOPER
. I am a waiter at a coffee-shop in Lisson-grove, about a quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's. On the 14th of Sept., about a quarter past six o'clock, the prisoner and two other young men came in, all three smoking cigars—the prisoner had some cigars in a silk handkerchief—he sold some cigars to my master, and I bought the handkerchief of him for 1s., and a dozen of cigars for 6d.—I afterwards pare the handkerchief to my master, and it was given to the policeman the next, morning—I asked the prisoner where he got the cigars from—be said he had brought them from Manchester, in a boat. GEORGE TILBY. I keep the coffee-shop. I saw the prisoner there about half-past six o'clock on the morning of the 14th of Sept.—he showed me some cigars tied up in a handkerchief, said he had brought them up by the boat, and would let me have a lot cheap—I bought between seventy and eighty of him—he offered to sell me the handkerchief, which I refused, and Cooper bought it—it was afterwards given to Somes, the policeman—he also offered me a child's thimble, but I did not buy it.





CHARLES SOMES
 (police-constable D 34.) I was in the coffee-shop, having my breakfast, when the prisoner came in—I saw him with a quantity of cigart in a silk handkerchief—I afterwards got the handkerchief from Tilby, and produce it.





JOHN CHRISTOFFERS

re-examined. This is the handkerchief I lost—my initials are on it—I lost nearly 21bs. of cigars—there are about 120 or 125 to a pound.





JOHN DENTON
 (police-constable T 203.) I took the prisoner into custody on the 27th of Oct—I searched him at the station, but found nothing on him. Prisoner's Defence. I told the coffee-shop keeper that I found the cigars behind a cart, tied up in the handkerchief; that I did not know what to do with them, and would sell them; he said he would give me a halfpenny each, and I said he should have them.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

