



2287. 



WILLIAM GRAY
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Rogers, about two in the night of the 
18th of August, at 
St. Leonard, Shoreditch, and stealing therein, 171bs. weight of tea, value 3l. 8s.; 1 bag, 3s. 6d.; 1lb. weight of tobacco, 3s. 8d.; 60 pence, and 10 halfpence; his property: and 1 thimble, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 



Ann Rogers.






ANN ROGERS
. I am single, and live with my brother, John Rogers, a grocer, at No. 14, Goldsmith's-row, Hackney-road, in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch. On the 18th of August I saw every door fastened, and went to bed—next morning I got up at half-past five o'clock, found the kitchen door wide open, and five tea-canisters empty, by the side of the door, which were safe the night before, and had several pounds of tea in each—the panel of the door was cut out and the bolts drawn, so that anybody could get in—a bundle of linen was strewed on the floor, and some tobacco spilt in the yard, which had been taken from the shop—we missed about 10s. in copper from the shop, and about 12lbs. of tea—I found a box of lucifer matches on the parlour-table—the wall behind the house is about seven feet high—my brother informed the police—a pocket-handkerchief was left on the drawer—a bag which was found afterwards belonged to my brother, and had been taken from the parlour-cupboard—it had our tea in it—on the Thursday before, I had weighed a quarter of an ounce of tea for a child who asked for a wrong sort, and did not have it, and I put it back into the canister, and that was found in the bag of tea.





JOHN LEE
 (police-constable N 179.) I was called to the premises next morning, the 19th) of August—I found three pieces of wood in the kitchen—the door had been bored with a gimlet—five tea-canisters stood by the door, and there was a box of lucifer matches, and a handkerchief.





THOMAS AMSDELL
 (police-constable G 76.) On the 19th of August, at twenty minutes to five o'clock in the morning, I was on duty in Bath-street, Curtain-road, Shoreditch—I went to No. 3, Jane Shore-court, and in the top-room found the prisoner's wife—I did not find him there—I looked round the place, and found a bag under the bed—the prisoner afterwards said at the station that it was his room—I found 171bs. 2oz. of tea in it—I staid in the room some time, and the prisoner came there, followed up stairs by my brother officer, Dearman—I said to him, "Well, Gray"—he denied his name being Gray—I asked his business there—he said he had come to call a man named White, to go to work for a bricklayer, and the man who asked him to call him was then standing opposite Shoreditch-church, and that White lodged in the first floor of that house—I showed him the bag of tea, and asked if he knew it—he denied all knowledge of it—I took him to the station—I neither threatened or promised him—he said to the inspector, "I shall tell the truth; the fact is, I was awoke about half-past four o'clock in the morning, and saw the reflection of the fire in the City—I

went out into Shoreditch, and saw two men; one called the other Tom, and said, 'Old fellow, will you take care of this tea, we want to go and see the fire;' and they gave me 18d. to take care of the tea; my name is Gray;"—there was a fire at London-bridge that morning.





MART DONOVAN
. I am the wife of Daniel Donovan, and attend Covent—garden market—I live at No. 4, Jane Shore-court, Shoreditch. The prisoner lives in the same court—I saw him about half-past four o'clock on the morning of the 19th, with a bundle, passing my door, going into his own door—nobody was with him.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you hear two gentlemen talking to me? A. I was not out of my bed-room—I heard a knock at my door, looked out, and saw you, and nobody else.





ANN ROGERS

re-examined. I know this bag to be my brother's—it was taken out of the parlour cupboard, and had nothing in it when it was lost—the tea in it was packed loose—here is the quarter of an ounce which I had done up—it is very like my doing up—it is such paper and string as we use, and the quantity is the same—here are samples of tea in the shop, which correspond with what was in the bag—there was one canister of green, and two of black, one of mixed, and one of mixed dust—it is in layers, just as it is emptied out of the canister.

Prisoner's Defence. About half-past three o'clock I awoke; my wife was asleep; she was very timid at a fire, and I would not tell her; I got up at day-break, and, when I got to the top of the court, saw two men with the bag; they said, "Do you know where the fire is, young man?" I said, "No, I am going to find it out;" they said, "So are we, if we knew where there was a public-house open to leave this bag;" they did not say what was in it; they said, "If any one would mind it for us we would give them 18d. for their trouble, for two hours;" I said, "I live down the court, and will mind it;" I took it home, and went out to see the fire, thinking I should be back soon enough to give them the bag; when I returned the policemen were there; I thought I was in danger about the bag, and denied my name.





THOMAS AMSDELL

re-examined. About a shilling's worth of coppers was found on him—I received information from Mrs. Donovan, whom I met in the street, which led me to the prisoner's house—it is about two miles from the prosecutor's.




GUILTY
. †—


Transported for Ten Years.

