




1003. 




WILLIAM MOORE
 was indicted

 for fraud.


MESSRS. ADOLPHUS
and
GURNEY
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN CHANNER
 (police-sergeant M 24.) I was on duty at the station, on the 5th of January, in Southwark-bridge-road—while there the prisoner came to me—he said that he was a deserter from the 60th Regiment of Rifles, and wished to give himself up, being quite destitute—I went before Mr. Trail, the Magistrate, with him, and there saw him sign this paper—I likewise saw Mr. Trail sign it—(read)—"The prisoner delivered himself up, at the police station, to John Charmer, and slated himself to be a deserter; I do certify that the prisoner has been examined, and declares he is a deserter from the before-mentioned corps.

"D. TRAIL".





"WILLIAM MOORE
.





"JOHN CHANNER
.

Witnesses.






JOHN STYLES
. I am principal turnkey at Horsemonger-lane prison. I received the prisoner into custody on the 5th of January—he continued with me forty-one days, which, at 6d. a day, is 20s. 6d.

SERGEANT CROOK. I belong to the 1st battalion of the 60th Rifles. The prisoner was formerly in that regiment, and was discharged about the 21st of January, 1836, at Malta—he has not been in the regiment since.

The following certificate was here read:—
"At the General Quarter Sessions, at Devizes, in the third year, &c., William Moore, labourer, was indicted, tried, and convicted, for that he, on the 31st of August, was convicted as a rogue and vagabond, in Kent and at Devizes, having surrendered himself as a deserter, did pretend that he was a deserter from the 1st battalion of the 60th Rifles, by which false pretence he did then and there obtain from Thomas Haywood 1l. 10s., to defraud him of the same; whereas he was not a deserter from her Majesty's forces; he was ordered to be imprisoned in the New Prison at Devizes eighteen months.
"WILLIAM F. SALMONS."

Witness. He was tried at Devizes—I was present, and he had eighteen months—he is the same person.




GUILTY
.** Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.


ADJOURNED TO MONDAY, APRIL 5TH, 1841.
