



2558. 




SIMON LYONS
 was indicted

for feloniously inciting 



James Edward O'Brien to steal 7 sovereigns, the property of 



David O'Brien.—2nd COUNT, for receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. JONES
conducted the Prosecution.






DAVID O'BRIEN
. I keep a beer-shop in Field-lane, in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn. On the 7th of August I had forty sovereigns in the upper drawer of a chest of drawers in my bed-room—I kept that drawer locked, and kept the key in ray waistcoat-pocket—one morning I caught my son James at my room door joggling the key and shifting the door, and

the key fell—that was some time between the 22nd and 27th, but I cannot say the day of the month or week—about the 22nd of last month, Mr. Ford, a neighbour, called on me—in consequence of what he said I went to see if my money was right—I missed thirty-two sovereigns—I gave my son into custody between ten and eleven o'clock that night—he gave me up 2l. 2s. at first, and after I gave him in charge of a policeman, going along Giltspur-street, he gave up a leather purse with five sovereigns in it—I gave that to Brand, the policeman, with the 2l. 2s. and 5 1/2 d.—my son is fifteen years old next December.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Does the boy attend to the persons in the beer-shop at times? A. Sometimes—he supplies beer and takes money when he is in the way, but he does not come home till eight, nine, or ten o'clock at night—he works in a printing-office all day—he assists as in the evening.

MR. JONES. Q. Did you allow him to have any control over your money? A. No, nor ever allowed him, or any of the boys, to meddle with the till—the girls have the sole and whole control of it—I never authorized him to take any money from my drawer—he never had any communication with that drawer whatever.





JAMES EDWARD O'BRIEN
. I am the prosecutor's son. I have known the prisoner as long as I can recollect—he lived in George-alley, near Field-lane—shortly before last Bartholomew-fair I met him—he asked me if I had any money—I said, "No"—he asked whether I could get any, and laid, "You can get some, if you like"—I said I could not—he said, "Get some money, and we will go and play at skittles at Greenwich, and win some"—he said I was to get it in the same way that he got his from his mother—he said I was to get into my father's room to get the key, or else he would give me a key, if I could not get it—no more passed—I did not do any thing towards getting any money till the Tuesday after Bartholomew-fair—I went into my father's bed-room about six o'clock that morning, and got the key out of his waistcoat-pocket—he was in bed, asleep—I went to the drawer, opened it, and got seven sovereigns—I put the key back again into his waistcoat-pocket—I afterwards went out, and saw the prisoner in Holborn, about nine o'clock—he said, "Have you got it?"—I said, "Yes, I had 7l."—he said, "Oh, let us go to Mutton-hill, and play for a pint of beer, at the Two Brewers," it is in Vine-street, I think, at the end of Hatton-garden—we went there, and he played me for a pint of beer, which I changed a sovereign to pay for—we did not play any more there—he then proposed going to Greenwich to play at skittles—he said there was plenty playing there—we went as far as Farringdon-street, took a cab from there to London-bridge, and went by the rail-road to Greenwich—we went to a public-house in the town—I do not know the name of it—the prisoner played at skittles there with Delhunt, and lost—I paid about 4l. to Delhunt and other people, for what the prisoner had lost—I did not do that of my own accord, the prisoner told me to pay—we went to another public-house at Greenwich, and played again there—he lost a few more shillings—he played with the same parties at that house—I paid them—after that we went over in a boat to Blackwall, and from there to Ratcliff, to a public-house—the prisoner said that public-house was where he spent his 20l. that he took from his mother—he said he would show me some life—we did not play there—we went from that house to another, on the opposite side of the street, called the White Swan, or

Paddy's Goose—we had a pint of beer and a glass of gin and water there which I paid for—after that we came home in a cab, which I paid for—I then went home—next day I met the prisoner in Holborn, at the same place, and we went together to the Black Bull, in Gray's Inn-lane—he played a person they called Punch at skittles, and lost about 12s.—I paid for that, by his order—two or three days after I went with him to a public-house at Westminster—he played at skittles there, and lost about 12s.—I paid it—I paid about 18s. or 19s. there altogether, treating the soldiers that he knew—I paid some more at different houses, and going about and paying for cabs wherever we wanted to go—about a fortnight after we went to Woolwich—I had spent the seven sovereigns before we went there—it was spent playing at skittles, and in the way I have mentioned—I did not give any part of the seven sovereigns into the prisoner's charge.

Cross-examined. Q. Where do you work? A. At Mr. Cunningham's, a printer—it is my business to be there every day—I am paid wages for my work—when I get home of a night I serve the customers at the beer-shop, and take the money—I do not take a hand of cards sometimes—cards are played there—it is some years since I first knew Bartholomew-fair—I began to frequent it as long as eight years ago—my father did not always go with me—some one went with me sometimes, and sometimes I was let go alone—I used to stay till about eight or nine o'clock at night—I used to go to school of a day, and when school was over I went to the fair sometimes—I was there looking, like every one else—I went to the shows and the other amusements—my father had me taken up for robbing him, and then I said it was the prisoner desired me—I believe he is twenty-three years old—he told me so—he used to come to my father's house—I first began taking money from my father about seven or eight weeks ago—I left my work when I went to Greenwich, Woolwich, and the other places—the prisoner told me to leave my work, and I could pay my father back again out of the money I took—I told my master I had left my work—he lives in Shoe-lane—I was not in the habit of going into my father's bed-room before he was awake—this was my first going in—I was taken into custody a day before the prisoner.

MR. JONES. Q. How soon after you had been taken into custody did you say any thing about Lyons? A. The same night, to Waller the policeman—he came and asked me—I told him first, and he sent for my father—I was never charged with any offence before this.

COURT. Q. Before you went to play at skittles had you any conversation together about what was to become of the money if he won it? A. No.





TREPHENA PIPER
. I am the wife of Thomas Piper, of the Two Brewers public-house, Mutton-hill. I know the witness O'Brien—he first came to our house with the prisoner about the beginning of September—I never saw him before—when he first brought him, I made an objection to his going into the skittle-ground on account of his youth—he said, "He is my brother, he is not going to play, he is going to wait for me while I play"—I said, "Very well," and they went into the skittle-ground—I cannot say whether either of them played—I cannot say whether either of them paid me any money—whatever went from the bar was paid for by the waiter—I never saw them in possession of money—they were there eight or ten times.





HENRY DELHUNT
. I am a wine-cooper, and live at Wood-wharf, Green-which

I first saw the prisoner and O'Brien at the William the Fourth public-house, in London-street, Greenwich, I cannot say the time—I played at skittles with the prisoner, and won between 2l. and 3l. of them—when I won a few shillings Lyons told the boy to pay—the boy threw down a sovereign, and I gave change—when he gave me the sovereign he pulled out a purse, and I heard more money in it, but I did not see it—other people won money of Lyons as well—he lost altogether between 3l. and 4l.—the boy paid the money they lost without Lyons asking him for the money, and he gave it him to pay—5s. was the largest sum I saw him give Lyons at one time—after playing there, we went together to another public-house, and played there—I won 6s. or 7s. more there, which the boy paid.

Cross-examined. Q. Has the prisoner been a friend of yours? A. No—I never saw him in my life before, to my knowledge—the boy tossed with me for 1s. at a time—he tossed for 2s. or 3s.—I cannot say whether he proposed to toss with me, or I with him—he tossed willingly—sometimes one threw up the shilling, and sometimes the other—he won a few shillings, I cannot say how much—he did not toss for a crown—we were tossing for about ten minutes in the skittle-ground.





JOHN BRAND
. I took the boy O'Brien into custody on the 22nd of September, about eleven o'clock at night—he gave 2l. 2s. to his father, and 5l. to me afterwards, at the corner of Giltspur-street—in consequence of what he said I and the sergeant apprehended the prisoner—we inquired if he knew the boy—he said he did—we asked if he had any money of him—he said, "No"—after getting to the station-house the boy was fetched out, and questioned about going to Greenwich, and stated, in his presence, that he took the money on account of Lyons persuading him—he said he went to Greenwich with Lyons, and Lyons played at skittles there with a person named Delhunt, which Lyons denied—he denied having any thing to do with the money, or going to Greenwich either.





HENRY JOHN TEAGUE
. I am a City policeman. I apprehended Lyons, with Brand, on the 23rd of September—at the station-house he said he had not been with O'Brien to Greenwich, Woolwich, or other places, and had not been to the skittle-ground with him, or in his company—I found a duplicate of a watch on him, pawned for 15s.—I received information about one o'clock, which led to the apprehension of Lyons—the inspector sent for me at that time, and then, from what the inspector stated to me, I apprehended Lyons—the boy did not make any communication to me, what I learnt was from the inspector—when he made the communication to him, I cannot say.





JOHN BRAND

re-examined. I took the boy into custody at eleven o'clock at night—I cannot say when he made a communication about the prisoner, but it was five o'clock in the morning when I was desired by the sergeant to take the prisoner.
(Several witnesses appeared to give the prisoner a character, but admitted that he had been charged with robbing his mother of 20l.)




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Third Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.

