



455. 




WILLIAM BRADY
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging and uttering, on the 
5th of Dec., a warrant for the payment of 18l. 10s., with intent to defraud 



Edward Majoribank and others.—2 other Counts, stating his intent to be to defraud 



Jacob James Hart.


MESSERS. BODKIN and DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES BOLTON
. I am cashier in the banking-house of Messrs. Coutts and Co.—Edward Majoribanks is one of the partners—there are several—Mr. Hart has an account at our house—on the 5th of Dec., a cheque for 18l. 10s. 6d., pur-porting to be drawn by him, was presented—I cannot say by whom—this now produced is it—I paid it myself in three 5l. notes, Nos. 88024, 88025, and

88026, dated the 1st of Nov. 1842, and 3l. 10s. 6d. cash—this other cheque for 3l. 7s. 6d. I paid on the 7th of Dec.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You have no recollection of the prisoner? A. None whatever—it is possible if I saw the man I might remember him—I have no impression that it was the prisoner.





JACOB JAMES HART
. I live in Pall Mall East, and did so in Dec. last, in the house of two ladies named Proctor—I keep an account at Messrs. Coutts'—the prisoner was servant in the house I live in for about two months before this happened—he waited on me occasionally—I was generally in, the habit of paying for my lodging and other little things, by cheques on Coutts—I have on several occasions given the prisoner cheques for Miss Proctor—I gave him the cheque produced for 3l. 7s. 6d., dated the 3rd of Dec., on the 5th of Dec., about breakfast time—I kept my blank cheque-book in a paper box, with a patent Bramah lock to it, on my sideboard, in my sitting-room—I always locked it when I went out, and took the key with me—when I was in the house the key was usually in the box—I have since examined my chequebook, and miss one or two cheques—the cheque for 18l. 10s. 6d. produced is not my handwriting, nor was it written by my authority or knowledge.

Cross-examined. Q. Do not you remember that on the 5th of Dec. the prisoner was the servant who attended you? A. Yes—I do not know that the other servants had left the house during that day—I know nothing about it—Miss Proctor, who keeps the house, I believe was not in the house, and I desired him to give the cheque to her sister—I am not aware that some work which the female servants used to do for me was done by the prisoner that day—I have not any recollection of it whatever—I am quite certain this cheque for 18l. 10s. 6d. is not my handwriting—it is dated the 3rd of Dec., and so is my cheque which I gave him, but I gave it him on the 5th—I wrote it on Saturday evening, and gave it him on Monday morning—I believe Miss Proctor had been absent from home some time—I never saw another male servant about the house—one or two cheques have been abstracted from the centre of my cheque-book—the cheque-book was not shown to my bankers before I misled them—it was not out of my hands before I missed them—I kept it in my paper box in my sitting-room—the servants had not access to the room to clean while I was in the house—I scarcely ever saw a servant in my room, except the prisoner—when I went out, I did not lock the room-door, I locked ray box, but when I was at home my keys were generally in it—I left them in my box till I was going out.





MARY ANN PROCTOR
. I keep the house in Pall Mall East. The prisoner came into my service on the 17th of October last—he was in the habit of making out memorandums of disbursements on my account—he made out small bills and things—I never saw him write—I have settled with him on the accounts he has presented to me—I have had memorandums made out by him, which I have acted on—I have looked at this cheque for 18l. 10s. 6d.—it is not like Mr. Hart's writing—the figures and the letters are certainly very much like the prisoner's, but I never saw the prisoner write—I should think it is very like the prisoner's handwriting—I believe under the circumstances that it is the prisoner's writing.

COURT. Q. Supposing you had seen that paper, independent of any charge of forgery, or anything, whose handwriting should you believe it to be? A. If there was no charge against the man, I could not dream whose it could be.

MR. BODKIN. Q. If it was shown to you, and you were asked whose handwriting it was, without reference to any charge, whose should you believe it to be, from the character of the handwriting? A. The prisoner's, independent

of the circumstances—I never received this cheque for 3l. 6d. from the prisoner, nor the money for it—he left my service on the 17th or 18th of Dec.—I had not dismissed him—I had given him warning—his warning would have expired the week after he left, but he had agreed to remain—he did not tell me he was going to leave—two month's wages were due to him—he did not apply to me for them—no inquiry was made at my house from the bankers the day before he went away.

Cross-examined. Q. Was there not a person at times in the habit of coming there? A. Not to my knowledge—I had been away from home about a month—the housemaid has to clean Mr. Hart's room—I cannot tell who was at home on the 5th of Dec.—my sister came to me that day—I should imagine that the other servants were not out that day, but I do not know—if this cheque was put into my hand by any one unconnected with this case, I could not tell whose handwriting I believed it to be.

COURT. Q. Then, independent of the transaction, you have no belief whose handwriting it is? A. Before this transaction I never noticed the man's writing sufficiently; but after this, the papers I have found in his handwriting were so much like it, I said immediately it was his—by the examination of those papers I could form a knowledge of his handwriting—I should now say, without reference to the present charge, that this cheque is his writing.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. The knowledge or belief you have of his writing its belief you had not at all when this matter first attracted your attention? A. I never thought of his handwriting before—before this transaction took place I had no belief at all as to what the prisoner's handwriting might be—the cheque was first put into my hand on the Sunday morning—when I saw it I thought it looked very like the prisoner's handwriting, and on comparing it with some bills I had of his, I was confirmed—my belief is founded on the comparison which I made, and on that only.

COURT. Q. Have you the documents here? A. I believe so—they are two small bills—they were both given to the police inspector.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Your belief is founded on comparing this with these two documents, which the prisoner produced to you, but which you did not see him write? A. Yes.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Are these the papers of which you have been speaking? (producing two papers.) A. Yes—these are not the only two occasions on which I have settled accounts with him—I have done so several times, but the others are destroyed—when the cheque was first put into my hand I believed it was the prisoner's handwriting—the belief I entertained of the handwriting was founded on the settlements I had with him with the written papers—I afterwards looked for the papers, and found these two.

JURY. Q. Do you know Mr. Hart's writing? A. Yes, very well—I have never had a letter from him, but I have repeatedly seen him write cheques—if this cheque had been shown to me by a stranger I should certainly have said it was not Mr. Hart's.





ELLEN PROCTOR
. I am sister of last witness, and reside with her. I was at home on the 5th of Dec., in the early part of the morning, but I went out to spend the day—the prisoner did not on that day give me this cheque, or account to me for the produce of it—he gave me 3l. 7s. 6d., the amount of it on the 6th, on account of Mr. Hart—the amount of Mr. Hart's bill that week was 3l. 8s. 6d.—I remember the policeman coming to our house—I was ill in bed—I saw Haines on the Sunday morning before Christmasday—the prisoner slept in a room adjoining the kitchen on the basement—it would be his duty to receive letters, if any came, for Mr. Hart—he gave me no notice of his

intention to leave the morning he left—he left on Saturday, the 17th Dec., the day before the police came.

Cross-examined.
Q. I believe you know the cause of his leaving; there was something with some female, was there not? A. Not that I know—I went out between eleven and twelve o'clock, and was out the whole day.





JOHN HAINES
. I am an inspector of the A division of police. On Sunday, the 18th of Dec., in consequence of information I went to the house of Miss Proctor, and was shown into a room on the basement, next the kitchen, said to be the prisoner's room—I there found these two books—I produced these books before the prisoner at the station on Friday the 27th, and he said this with the yellow cover was his book, and the other was not his, but he was going to have some fresh leaves put into it—I saw the prisoner write this note—having seen him write this note, I can form a belief as to the handwriting of this 18l. cheque—I believe the cheque to be the prisoner's handwriting—there are several of the letters very remarkable as well as the figures—I have likewise a letter sent to his wife, which he acknowledged to be his handwriting—I got it from his wife—he told me he had written to her—I showed it to him, and said, "Is this the letter you wrote?"—he said "Yes"—I said, "Is this your handwriting?"—he said, "Yes"—I have compared that and the cheque together, and have not the least doubt whatever that the cheque is his writing.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not he tell you that one of the books had been given to him? A. No—he did not say the housemaid had given one to him—he said this book was not his, but he was going to have fresh leaves pot into it—he did not say it was given to him to have fresh leaves put into it—I am pretty positive that I have used his words—I am sure he did not say that anything was given to him by the housemaid, or by the cook—he did not say a word about the cook.





FREDERICK SHAW
. I am a sergeant of the A division of police. I had a communication made to me about this forgery in Dec. last, and looked for the prisoner—I apprehended him on Thursday, the 22nd of Dec.—I met him in the street, and stopped him from the description I had of him—I asked him if his name was William Brady—he said, "No, that is not my name"—I took him by the arm, and told him I should trouble him to walk with me—after walking a few yards with him, I asked his name—he then said, "My name is William Brady"—I took him at the corner of the Haymarket.





JOHN BOOKER
. I am shopman to Mr. Newton, a pawnbroker, in Duke-street, Manchester-square. I know the prisoner—he pledged a coat and waistcoat with me—I do not remember the transaction, but the duplicate is dated, 17th of Oct., 1842—that must have been the day—I remember his coming to redeem it—to the best of my belief it was on the 5th of Dec.—I cannot remember the time of day—it was pledged in the name of John Brady, No. 12, Bryanston-square—he paid 10s. 4d. to redeem it—he gave me a 5l. Bank of England note—this is it—I wrote his name on it—he gave me his address, No. 29, Tavistock-square—I made a memorandum on the note of the date—it is the 5th of Dec.—I have written 5th—12—42 on it—it is No. 88, 026, dated 1st of Nov., 1842.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure the prisoner is the party? A. Quite sure—the things were pawned in the name of John Brady, on the 17th of Oct.—on the 5th of Dec., I asked his name—he said "Mr. Brady"—I had seen him I should say a dozen times—I knew his name, but it occasionally happens that people do not pledge in their own names, and when we take notes we wish to have the proper names and address.

MR. HART re-examined. I found a letter from Messrs. Coutts on my

breakfast table, on the 17th, the morning the prisoner left—he had left before it was brought into my room.
----PERRING. I live at No. 29, Tavistock-square. I never saw the prisoner before—he did not live in my house in Dec. last.
(The cheques being read were both made payable to Miss Proctor.)




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.


Before Mr. Recorder.

