



1052. 




JOHN THOMSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
7th of March, 1 basket, value 1s. 6d.; 1 yard of canvas, value 6d.; 8 towels, value 8s.; 3 table-cloths, value 3s.; 1 shift, value 1s.; 4 shirts, value 6s.; 1 gown, value 4s.; 1 curtain, value 6d.; 1 sheet, value 2s.; 1 pair of drawers, value 1s. 6d.; 8 aprons, value 2s.; 3 pillow-cases, value 1s. 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s. 6d.; and 8 collars, value 3s.; the goods of 



Edward Gray: and that he had been before convicted of felony.






SARAH GRAY
. I am the wife of Edward Gray, and am a laundress, living in James-street, Lower-road, Islington. I was taking some clean linen home in my cart with my lad, at half-past nine o'clock on the 7th of March—I was going to stop at Bucklersbury, to leave a basket—I felt the cart give a sudden sway—I turned, and there were two men with my basket—I cannot say who they were—they dropped it—one ran round the Poultry, and the other round Bucklersbury—this is the basket—(looking at it)—it contained the things stated—I picked it up immediately.





JOHN BARKER
. I am errand-boy to Mrs. Gray. About half-past nine o'clock this evening, I was driving the cart—I got as far as the Poultry, and saw the prisoner and another lifting the basket out of the cart—I am sure the prisoner was one of the men—he had breeches and gaiters on—I did not see his face—I followed him—he stopped at Grocers'-hall—I said, "If I see a policeman I will give you in charge"—he hit me on my nose, ran up against a post, and hit his head, and then when he came back he knocked me down again—I pursued him—he ran up the Mansion-house—I saw a policeman, and gave him in charge—I did not lose sight of him all the way.


Prisoner. Q. Did you see the man at the cart? A. Yes—I was struck twice—once you knocked me down, and once you hit me on the nose—you turned some corners after you went from the Poultry—you were about three yards from me—I never said that I lost sight of you.





THOMAS DEVERELL
 (City police-constable, No. 834.) I was coming up Sherborne-lane—I heard the cry of "Stop thief," and the spring of a rattle, and caught the prisoner in Ball-alley—I saw Barker pursuing him.





JOHN JAMEES REEVS
 (City police-constable, No. 245.) I was on duty at half-past nine o'clock, I received information, and went after the prisoner, and overtook him—when he was stopped by Deverell, he had knee breeches and gaiters on.

Prisoner. Q. When the lad came to you how far was the man from him? A. I should think about twenty-five yards—you were the man he pointed out—you had on a black apron—your back was towards me, but you turned round and saw me—I lost sight of you when you turned by the Mansion-house, but I can swear to you—if I had not sprung my rattle I should have lost you.

Prisoner's Defence. I went down this street, and heard the cry of "Stop thief," and saw a man run past me; I lost sight of him, and the policeman took me; Reeves came up and said I was the man the boy ran after.





JAMES HARKER
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
