




1387. 




FRANCES FILLMORE
, and 




LOUISA WILMOT
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
3rd of March, 1 purse, value 6d.; and 16 sovereigns; the property of 



Thomas Brown, from his person; and that Fillmore had been before convicted of felony.







THOMAS BROWN
. I am master of the ship Regent, and live at Shields—on Friday, the 4th of March, I met Fillmore in a house at Woolwich—I had sixteen sovereigns in a purse in my pocket—I did not take it out while she was with me—I went home with her at nine o'clock, and saw Wilmot—I gave her a sovereign to go and get some rum—I took out my purse—Wilmot came back with some rum and gin—I put my purse in my pocket again—the prisoners drank some gin, and I some rum—we left the room and went up stairs—I was taken very ill, and went to sleep, as if I was dead, about ten minutes after I drank the rum—I only drank two wine glasses of it—I am in the habit of drinking the same quantity, and it never had such an effect upon me before—the prisoners did not drink any rum, and I did not drink any gin—I awoke about two o'clock in the morning, and found myself on a bed—I was alone—I felt for my purse, and it was gone—I stopped there till morning—Fillmore was in bed in the same room, and in the morning I told her she had taken my purse—she said she had not—my clothes were on—I saw Wilmot in bed down stairs in the morning—I told her one of them had taken my purse—she said she knew nothing at all about it—I then told the policeman, and went away—I gave Wilmot a shilling before I went away.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Had you been drinking before you met Fillmore? A. Yes; I had had a pint of porter—I was quite sober.





CAROLINE WEST
. I am the wife of John West, and keep the Marquis of Granby at Woolwich—on the 23rd of March Wilmot came for half a pint of rum—she gave me a sovereign—I gave her 18s. 2d. change—in about a quarter of an hour she came for a quartern of gin and a quartern of peppermint.





GEORGE HARRIS
. I am a policeman. On the 4th of March I received information, and went after the prisoners—I overtook Fillmore and another girl at Rochester—I told Fillmore she was charged with robbing a captain of a considerable sum of money—they both began to cry—Fillmore said she should not have robbed the captain, if it had not been for somebody else, that she held the candle while the other person robbed the man, and she had 3l. of the money—I found in her hand a purse and six sovereigns—I went back, and found Wilmot had absconded from Woolwich—I afterwards apprehended her at Greenwich—I told her she was charged with being concerned with robbing the captain at Woolwich—she said, "Oh, my G—d."

Fillmore. I robbed the man—Wilmot is innocent.





WILLIAM TOMLIN
. I produce a certificate of Fillmore's former conviction, which I got from Maidstone in Kent—(read)—I was present at the trial—Fillmore is the person.
(Wilmot received a good character.)

FILLMORE,—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.


WILMOT,—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.—



Confined Twelve Months.


Before Mr. Recorder.

