





78. 




THOMAS CONDON
, 




WILLIAM BENTLEY
, and 




ROBERT MURLESS



, stealing 2 sovereigns, 2 bracelets, 1 watch-chain, 2 brooches, 4 keys, and 4 shirt-studs, value 27l.; the property of 



Eliza Helen Charnock Sandford: also, 1 spoon, value 1s.; the goods of 



John Sherrin, in his dwelling-house; Condon having been before convicted: to which


CONDON pleaded 


GUILTY
.* Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.


MR. PARNELL
conducted the Prosecution.
ELIZA HELEN CHARNOCK SANDFORD. On 31st Oct. I was living with my mother, Lady Sandford, at Mr. Sherrin's, of 26, Westbury-terrace, Eaton-square. My bed-room was on the top floor front—I was there about Ave o'clock in the afternoon, and my dressing-case was safe on the drawers—it had in it two bracelets, some rings, four little blue and gold studs, and a variety of articles—the key was on a bunch, which was on the drawers—my purse, with two sovereigns, was in one drawer—the window was then shot—there is a room behind mine—I do not know whether that window was shut or open—I went up again at ten o'clock, or a little after, and missed my dressing-case—my window was still shut, but the other was open—it must have been open all day, as there is a check which prevents its closing—I called Mrs. Sherrin—she found my dressing-case under the bed in the back-room, broken open, and all the articles gone—I missed the keys from the drawers, the purse, and a watch, and silver brooch—this is the key of my dressing-case, and this is my bracelet (produced)—I also missed a silver spoon from the wash-hand stand.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDEROAST. Q. Did you open the dressing-case at five o'clock? A. No—I took some money out of the purse at five—the landlady and her husband, their servant, and my servant, lived in the house, and I had an invalid sister-in-law in the room directly below.

MR. PARNELL. Q. On leaving the room, you went immediately to your sister-in-law's room? A. Yes; she was ill in bed—I remained there till six, and then went down to the room under that, and remained there till about a quarter-past seven, when I went up to her room again, and stayed there till ten.





FRANCES SHERRIN
. I am the wife of John Sherrin, of 26, Westbury-place; it is his dwelling-house, and in the parish of St. George Hanover-square. On 31st Oct., Miss Sandford called me up, and I found her dressing-case under the bed, in the back-room—the window had been open all day—I missed a silver spoon from a tumbler in Miss Sandford's room.






JULIA MURPHY
. I am single. On 31st Oct. I had been living with Condon for a week, at 10, Duck-lane, Westminster—before that I lived at home with my mother—I know all the prisoners well—I knew them by sight before 31st Oct.—about eight o'clock that evening 1 was at 10, Duck-lane—Murless called for Condon about five, and they went out together, and I saw them at the White Horse a few minutes afterwards—Condon said to me, in presence of the other two, tint he was coming home to his tea directly, but he thought he had not time, because the three of them were going somewhere, and they were obliged to be there soon—I saw them again between seven and eight, at the White Horse, and saw Condon give the landlady 30s. in front of the bar—I stayed with them ten minutes, and had conversation with them about different things, but 1 did not understand their language-Bentley said to Condon and Murless, "If we get off every night as we have to-night, we shall soon get on"—I went to 10, Duck-lane, and at about half-past eight went to the White Horse, and saw them again in the tap-room—Bentley was counting out some sovereigns to Murless and Condon; he gave some to each—a lot of young men were there—I stayed about an hour, and then went back to Duck-lane—about two in the morning I went to search for Condon, and found them at a public-house in Tothill-street, drinking and singing—I asked Condon if he was coming home; he told me to mind my own business, and go home, and I left—I saw him about an hour afterwards, but did not see Bentley and Murless till half-past nine next morning, when they came to see Condon—Bentley said, "Tom, you are a long time; we want to get some more money from Bill; what he could not give us last night"—I do not know who Bill is—they all went out together, and returned about ten—I went out with Condon to buy a suit of clothes, and did not see them again till the evening—they kept me in the dark all along—about seven next morning, Condon gave me this bracelet; he did not say how he came by it—I had seen Bentley give it him on the night of the robbery, at the White Horse, between half-past seven and eight—he also gave me four shirt-studs, blue on one side, and imitation gold on the other—I gave them and the bracelet to my landlady, to mind—I had a quarrel with Condon, and left him two days after, and returned to my mother—I went to the police on the Wednesday afterwards, and gave them the bracelet, which I got from the landlady—I have not got the studs back.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q.
IS the landlady here? A. No; I have not seen her since I left—I had a child about eighteen months ago by Michael Gaffin—there was no discussion between us about keeping it; it was born dead—I only knew Condon a month—I lived with him a week and two days—he was hard at work at thieving all the time, but I did not know it—he told me he was a working chap—I did not inquire what trade he worked at—I have been here, but not for felony; it was a mistake; I had fourteen days—I cannot say I was convicted; I only went back to Newgate for one day afterwards—it was about three pints of milk and six shillings—I never was in prison before—I do not know a girl named Castellan—I know nothing about a ring being stolen—I lived with policeman Bryan for safety from the mob a week last Friday—I have a father and mother; they cannot protect me from the mob; they live about three hundred yards from Bryan; they keep me—I was not Jiving with my mother unknown to my father for some time—my father took me home after my lying-in at the workhouse.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you push open the door at the

White Horse and see Bentley counting the money? A. Yes, I peeped in to see whether Condon was there—I got a black eye from him.

MR. PARNELL. Q. That was when you quarrelled? A. Yes; Condon's father lived close to my father—I complained to Inspector Lund that 1 was in danger of my life, going in and out, by Condon and Bentley's friends—the policeman I lived with is married, and I was put under the charge of his wife—when I was here about the milk, I was discharged at the end of the session; the jury gave a verdict of "Not guilty."





MARK LOOME
 (policeman). On Wednesday evening, 31st Oct., I saw the prisoners together, about six o'clock, in Victoria-row, Pimlico—that was their direct way from the White Horse in Orchard-street to Westbury-place—they all ran—Conolly went away through Victoria-square—I saw no more of them that night—on 8th Nov. I and Inspector Lund took them at the White Horse—I told them the charge—they said they knew nothing about it—I found a small file and a hook at Bentley's lodging—on the morning after the robbery I examined the premises, and found au empty house four doors off No. 22—I found the mortar on the parapet knocked off between No. 22 and No. 26—I got along there, and got in that way.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q.
IS not it three quarters of a mile from where you saw the prisoners to Westbury-terrace? A, Yes.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDEROAST. Q. How often have you deposed to seeing people together just before a robbery? A. Two or three times—I gave the same sort of evidence on Wednesday—I first saw Julia Murphy on the 8th at her mother's house—I have seen her about with her mother—she lives within five minutes' walk of the station.

MR. PARNELL. Q. How long have you been in the police? A. Seven years—such cases as this are not generally committed by one thief, but by two or three together.





JOHN LUND
 (police-inspector, A). I was with Loome when he took the prisoners—I searched Condon and found this key (produced) on him—it fits the dressing-case—Murphy brought me this bracelet on the morning of the 8th, the first time I saw her—she brought me the information, I did not go to her—I gave Bryan directions about her.

SAMUEL Bay AN (policeman, A). Julia Murphy has been lodging under the charge of my wife for the last few days by the inspector's direction. BENTLEY[and] MURLESS—


GUILTY
.* Aged 20 Aged 44.






Confined Twelve Months.

