




2003. 



GEORGE HALL
 and 



WILLIAM STEWART



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Miles Fountain, and stealing 1 work-box, I purse, and other articles, value 3l. 9s. 6d.; I halfsovereign and 5 shillings, the property of 



Harriett Miles; 1 work-bos, 1 thimble, and other articles, value 1s. 6d., 3 half-crowns and 6s., the property of 



Ann Fletcher; I work-box, 2 thimbles, and other articles, value 9s., and 1 half-crown, the property of 



Eleanor Hasler.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES HAWKER
 (police-sergeant, D 9). On 29th July, about half-past four in the morning, I saw the prisoners coming along Marylebone-street towards Oxford-street—they each had a bundle—they looked at me—I went to the station, got assistance, and followed them into Woodstock-street—I asked Hall what he had got—he said "These," holding up a handkerchief, and that he had brought them from Notting-hill, that they belonged to him, and he was moving them himself to prevent their being scratched—we took them both to the station—I said to Hall, "You say these boxes belong to you?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "Who is this?" pointing to Stewart—he said, "My brotber-in-law"—I said, "If these boxes belong to you, you have got the keys of them"—he said, "Yes, these two keys open three of the boxes," and gave them me from his pocket—I said, "Whose box is this?"—he said, "My sister's"—I said, "What is in it?"—he said, "Tapes, cottons, and other things"—the key opened it—it contained those sort of things—I said, "How is it you had it at your place if it belonged to your sister?"—he said, "She was in service at Porchester-terrace"—I found several letters in it addressed "Porchester-terrace"—I said. "Who does this box belong to?"—he said, "That is my wife's"—I said, "What is in it?—he said, "The same sort of things, I can't tell you exactly; I don't bother myself about my wife's things"—I opened it, it contained similar things to the other, and a letter addressed "Miss Fletcher, Porchester-terrace"—I asked who Miss Fletcher was—he said a friend of his wife's—I found these purses in another box, one with money in it—I said, "Here is a purse, what money is in it?"—he said, "You will find three half-crowns and some silver"—I found three half-crowns and six shillings—another constable took two boxes out of Hall's pocket—I said, "Who does this one belong to?"—he said, "To his sister"—I said to Stewart, "Does this belong to your sister?"—Stewart said, "Yes"—I opened it, it was quite full of tea—Hall said, he filed it full before he left—I said, "Who does this box belong to?"—Hall said, "That is my own, the key won't open that"—I said, "Where is the key?"—he said, "It is on my other keys, which I have left

behind"—I sent to Notting-hill to make inquiries—I then charged the prisoners on suspicion, and went to Porchester-terrace about half-past eight or a quarter to nine, and found a pair of steps inside the garden, which would enable a person to get down from the garden-wall—there was a quantity of grass put on the bottles on the wall—I traced footsteps from the wall to a window of the house—the window was broken, which enabled any one to undo the fastening and throw up the sash—this iron bar was given me by the gardener—the bar could be bent with it and the shutters opened—the bar is bent—the house is in Paddington parish.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. Did you caution him that he need not answer your questions? A. No; because he said the property was his—I have been a sergeant nearly ten years, and have often asked a great many more questions—I found two distinct footmarks, and several others—I should say they were footmarks of more than one person—I did not compare the prisoner's boots with them.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Can you swear there were foot-marks of more than one person? A. No—they did not run when I met them—they were half a mile out of their way, if going from Notting-hill to Blackfriars-road.





JOSEPH GILBERT
 (policeman, D 177). I was called by Sergeant Hawker, and found the prisoners—I asked what they had got about them—Stewart said he had two tea-caddies and some work-boxes—I searched him, and found these two boxes in his coat pocket (produced), and on Hall I found a purse with a half-crown, three penny pieces, and a counterfeit farthing—Hall said he lived at Uxbridge-street, Notting-hill—I went to Notting-hill about six o'clock, and asked whether Hall lived there—that alarmed the family—they were asleep.





HARRIET MILES
. I am in the service of John Miles Fountain, of Porchester-terrace, Bayswater. About half-past six in the morning, a policeman rung the bell—I came down, and found the kitchen window open, and missed some boxes—three of these boxes belong to me and another to my fellow-servant Fletcher—I had gone to bed at half-past ten, and left the house fastened up. and the kitchen-window secured—I found the bar removed and bent, and this piece of iron laid on the lawn—it belonged to the brewhouse—it could have been put through the place in the window to bend the bar.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. Nothing was missed but from the kitchen? A. No.
(Edward Grummer, eating-house keeper; and Sarah Bailey, both of Banbury; William Wittle, tailor, of Devereaux-street; and Mary Parish, gave Hall a good character. Stewart also received a good character.)

HALL—


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.


STEWART—


GUILTY
.—Recommended to mercy.—



Confined Twelve Months.

