





677. 




JOHN STONE
 the elder, 



JOHN STONE
 the younger, and 



ANN HYDE, alias
 Stone

, were indicted for

 feloniously, unlawfully, and maliciously setting fire to a certain dwelling-house of the said 



John Stone the elder, then being in his possession, with intent to defraud and injure the 

Union Society for effecting insurance from fire.—Three other COUNTS, stating their intent to be to injure 



George Leonard, 



William Nottage, and 



Thomas Lewis.


MESSRS. DOANE
and
WILDE
conducted the Prosecution.






SARAH LEONARD
. I am the wife of George Leonard, a smith and farrier, of No. 1, Bridge-row, Hammersmith. On Sunday evening, the 8th of Feb., about seven o'clock, my attention was called to a very strong smell of fire in the passage leading to the prisoners' house, No. 3, Bridge-row, in the parish of Hammersmith—I had seen the elder Stone pass our house about half-past five o'clock in the evening, coming in a direction from the house of Catchpole, which is about five minutes' walk from the prisoner's house—he passed our window going ia a direction for his own house, but I did not see him go into it.





GEORGE LEONARD
. I am the witness's husband—I let the house, No. 3, Bridge-row, to the elder Stone, I think in June last, at 15l. a year, at a quarterly tenant—Mrs. Hyde came into the house first, and Stone, sen., about a month after—they lived together as man and wife—Stone, jun., hat not been there long—he came a little before Christmas—in Nov. last Stone, sen. came to my shop and asked if I was insured, and where (I am not certain about the time)—I told him yes—he asked if Carter, who was a tenant of mine, was insured—I said yes, that I insured with Mr. Austin, who is agent to the Union, and said Carter was insured in the same office—he left me, saying he would go over and tee about insuring—he came back and said he had been to make inquiry, and asked me to let him see a paper connected with insurance—the prisoners, all three, lived at the house up to the beginning of Feb.—I saw them occasionally going in and out—I was at a friend's house on Sunday night, the 8th of Feb., when there was an alarm of fire—I went to the prisoners' house—I live next door—I got there a little after eight o'clock, and observed smoke coming from the up-stair window—the house is only one story high—I tried to get in at the window, but it was fast—I at last broke the front door open—there was to much smoke coming from the window we did not get in, or we should have been suffocated—I went through a little shop which the front door opens into, to get up stairs—I at last got to the top, but was suffocated with smoke and fell down against the person behind me—when I recovered I knelt on the floor, and saw the bed was on fire—there was an old bedstead and the bed which was on it was on fire—it was a sort of bag of shavings—it was a common bag of cooper's shavings and tome tow mixed with them on the ticking—I pulled the bag down stairs into the road—I went up to the room again, and when the air got in, the partition of the room and the bedstead began to blaze—the wooden partition was fixed to the house—I had some difficulty in getting the fire out—if I had not had plenty of water I should never have done it—we saw smoke coming out of a box under the bedstead—the lid was closed, and smoke coming out where it shuts down—there Was no sign of fire outside the box—we opened it and found in it a lot of cooper's chips, and a bag of chips and shavings, and a large piece of coke or cinder, about us big us my fist, in the middle of the bag—it appeared to have

been put into the bag to set it on fire—the bag had a hole cut in it, and the coke put in—it was burning—there was no fire-place in that room—I thought the box when opened smelled very strongly of turpentine—I think there was also a clothes-horse, one chair, a tub, and, I believe, a horn lantern in that room—we saw fire through the chinks of the partition in the other room, which were made by being burned—I burst a piece out of the pannel with my feet, so that we could get water through, and found fire was underneath the floor—we got it out—it appeared as if a piece of the floor had been taken up and a lot of old baskets, chips, and cinders put in, that was burning underneath the floor—there was an old-fashioned tent bedstead in that room, and a piece of old white curtain over the top of it, of no value—the place was so full of smoke we could not get into that room—I ran down stairs to my own house, and by bursting open two doors I got into the room—I found a bag on the bed there, filled with shavings like the other, and it was all in a blaze—there was no bedding in that bed nor any ticking—the bag rested on the sacking—there was a chest of painted deal drawers in that room—we observed smoke coming from the bottom drawer, and on opening it it contained a lot of cooper's chips and cinders, lying along the middle as if thrown in with a fire-shovel—the chips were burning—I saw no cinders on the floor, but in the drawer, which was itself on fire—there was a stove in that room, but no remains of fire—I put my hand to the stove and it was quite cold—there were five drawers to the chest—we opened them, and the one above the bottom one was strewed with cooper's chips, which were in every drawer—I found three or four bags of shavings altogether, one in each bed, one in the box, and another under the second bed, which was not on fire—I think there was one chair in the back room, and a washhand-stand—there was no furniture up stairs but two bedsteads, a washhand-stand, a chest of drawers, and two chairs—they sold sweetmeats in the shop, and we found some in the shop—the whole stock, I should think was not worth 5s.—the officer, Jupp, came to my assistance, and he found a policy of insurance in the drawer which was on fire—Sergeant Mount afterwards produced a key, which I knew to be the key of the street-door I had given to Stone when he took the house.





HENRY LEE
. I accompanied Mr. Leonard to this house—I saw sacks full of shavings—I took the box from under the bed, and opened it—it was not on fire outside—I found a bag in it, pulled it out, and was in the act of pulling the other out, but it came open, and out came a large piece of coal or cinder—it had been burning—I gave it to the policeman—the partition was on fire, and the floor of the other room—I saw the drawers full of cooper's chips—the bottom drawer was on fire, and an old rag or waistcoat in it; also some coals or cinders.





ELIZA DOWST
. I am the wife of John Dowst, and live in Wiltshire; the female prisoner is my aunt. About Christmas I came to Bridge-row to live with them—two of the prisoners lived there, and the other slept at the house—I slept up stairs in one of the rooms, on a feather bed—there were blankets, sheets, a counterpane, and four or five chairs in the room; a chest of drawers, looking-glass, carpet and curtains—the next room was a bed-room—young Stone slept there—there was a bed there, one chair or two, and, as far as I know, a proper supply of bedding, blankets, and sheets for him—I went into the room—it had bed-clothes, and there was a carpet to the room, and a box under the bed, no drawers nor washhand-stand—I continued to lodge with them there for three weeks, till about a week before the fire—at that time Stone senior told me it was not convenient for me to stay there—I made up my mind to go back to Wilts—I Packed up my things next day, and, while doing so, Stone begged me not to go, and so did my aunt—they asked me to go and take a house, they

would pay the rent and all expences, and find things for my use—I consented, and went with my aunt, and took a house in Trafalgar-street, about a quarter of a mile from Bridge-row, Hammersmith—I took possession of the house on the Saturday following, a week before the fire—I lived there by myself for about a week—Richard Beck brought things to this house three or four times—the first time he brought a bed which they sent for me—he also brought a bedstead, two boxes, and a set of fire-irons; no chairs were brought—I had never seen the fire-irons at Bridge-row—some time after these things came, Stone senior came and told me the bedstead should be put up on the ground floor—he said it was not worth while to lug it up stain, perhaps I might not be there long—I made no answer, but paused on that a good deal—I cannot tell whether I saw him the next day or not—he asked how I got on—I said I was very unhappy about what to do—he said I was to make myself contented for a bit, he was working all things together for the best—this was three or four days before the fire—on the Sunday evening, 9th of Feb., my aunt and young Stone called on me in Trafalgar-street, and I observed my aunt putting something under the bed—she had a cloak on, and appeared to have something bulky under it—she said nothing about it then—she afterwards called me outside the door, and said Stone had been very cross and contrary, he was on the drinking order; that he had been grumbling because he was so dirty, and she had brought his dirty clothes down, and on the morrow she would come, and they should be washed—we went into the room again—young Stone was there—(it was the room below)—she said, if he was told they were going to be washed, he would want them, but he should not have them till they were clean—I asked where the was going—she said she was going to meet Stone—this was in the evening, after tea, and it was candle-light—I asked her where—she said at Turnhamgreen, and that he was gone to receive a little money that was owing him—I think this was about seven o'clock—I then, went with her and young Stone to Turnham-green—I did not know where I was going—we all three went into a beershop, kept by Mrs. Phillips—my aunt called for a pot of beer—she appeared to be very low—I asked her what was the matter—she shook her head—I asked if she was afraid Stone would not come—she said he was sure to come—my son was in our company then—I and my son left, leaving young Stone and my aunt in the beer-shop—as we came out we met Stone senior going in—he said, "Halloo, won't you go in and have anything to drink?—I think this must have been about eight or after eight o'clock—we declined going in, and went home to Trafalgar-street—soon after we got there Newell and some other persons knocked at the door, and I heard Stone's house was on fire—I had not then got back many minutes—I gave information of Stone being at the beer-shop—I went to the house in Bridge-row, and saw, as I thought, a bed thrown out, but somebody said it was shavings—in consequence of what happened, I looked under my bed, where my aunt had put something, and found a bundle and a bandbox—the bundle contained dirty clothes, a cord jacket, trowsers, and waistcoat—the trowsers and waistcoat wanted washing, but not the jacket; the bandbox contained dirty cap, a woman's apron, and a gown—about twelve o'clock that night, as near as I can recollect, my aunt came and knocked at my door—I said nothing to her—she said to me, "Why do you look so scornful at me?"—I said, "Dear me, aunt, I don't know what you are up to; you are bringing trouble on yourselves, and me as well"—she made no answer, but went and laid herself down on the bed, and appeared to be in a great deal of trouble, but said nothing—she remained till next morning, when the police-sergeant took her in charge.

Stone, sen. Q. Was not what I told you, that it was not convenient for us three to be sleeping together; I was not going to be turned out of my

bed for you? A. My aunt and I slept together—sometimes Stone would come in after I was gone to bed—I asked why he sent for me when he said I could not stop longer.

Stone. I told you to go back home. Witness. Oh! no; you begged me to stop, and not return to Wilts.





RICHARD BECK
. I am the son of Charles Beck, who keeps a beer-shop in Queen's-lane, Hammersmith—on the 7th of Feb. Mrs. Dowst applied to me to move some furniture—I removed three or four boxes and a feather-bed on Saturday afternoon, to Trafalgar-street—she gave them to me out of my father's stable, which is behind the prisoner's house, in Bridge-row, quite close to it—there was a bedstead in the stable, which I removed afterwards—that had been in the stable a long time—I moved it the same afternoon, but after the other things—I did not move anything else from the stable, but I moved out of Stone's house a basket containing something, a tub and pan—it was the same day, the 7th—I took them to 7, Trafalgar-street—Mrs. Dowst was there to take them in—I saw Stone, sen. and the female prisoner at Bridge-row, when I brought them away—I took the boxes first out of the stable—I afterwards removed a basket, pail, a bedstead and bed in a cart—I took two bedsteads to Trafalgar-street in all, the boxes were different sizes and wooden—all the things we took from Bridge-row were directed to Mrs. Dowst, to be left at Mr. Stone's, near the Broadway, Hammersmith.





CHARLES BECK
. I am the father of Richard Beck—I have a stable at the back of No. 3, Bridge-row—I knew Stone, sen.—I had an old bedstead in my stable for three or four weeks before the fire—on the Sunday of the fire I went into the prisoner's shop for 1d. worth of nuts, some time after two o'clock, I saw all three of the prisoners in the house—I live next door to them—young Stone brought me a quart pot which they had of mine that evening, between the lights—he said, "Mr. Beck, here is your pot."





DANIEL MERRITT
. I am a modeller and builder, and reside at No. 4, Waterloo-street, Hammersmith—I am landlord of a house in Trafalgar-street—the female prisoner came to me about that house, with the witness Dowst—I let the house to the two persons—they left 1s. deposit—Mrs. Dowst took possession of the house on Friday, the 30th of Jan.—she brought a few things with her—Stone, sen. came to the house the same day, with the female prisoner—they had something wrapped in a handkerchief—I afterwards saw Stone, sen. leave the house, with a quart pot in his hand—he took the key of the street-door with him.





WILLIAM NEWELL
. I am a shoemaker—on the 8th Feb. I went to Bridge-row, Hammersmith, about nine o'clock—I went to No. 7, Trafalgar-street, and saw the witness Dowst—I made inquiries after the prisoners—I afterwards went to Phillips's beer-shop, and found the three prisoners there—Stone and his son were smoking, and they were drinking—Horness accompanied me—we called Stone, sen. aside, and told him his place was on fire—he said, "Oh! is it?"—we said, "Yes"—he kept smoking his pipe, and asked if we would have a drop of ale—we said, "Yes," and followed him in, and he gave us some—when we got inside, the female prisoner asked Stone what was the matter—he said the place was on fire—she began to cry—they staid to finish their ale, and we all came out together, and when we got a little way, Stone said he had been to Brentford, that the younger prisoner and the female came to meet him at Phillips's, at Turnham-green—he asked the female prisoner if she had left any fire up stairs—she said yes, she had left a small bit of fire to air the things which were round it—she said she had left one fire up stairs and one down stairs, a small one—we came along, and told them they had broken the doors open, (we did not say who,) and got some drawers open, and got some papers which they were reading of—Stone, sen. then said he

was done—I did not describe the papers—I had not seen them—we accompanied him all the way to the house—we left the female behind, and brought Stone, sen. up to the door of the house, where Mount, the policeman, took him.





HENRY MOUNT
. I am Serjeant of the police—on the 8th of Feb. I went to Leonard's premises, No. 3, Bridge-row—I produce the drawers and things which were set on fire—here is the lower drawer, which had fire in it—the bottom of the next drawer was burnt, but had no fire in it, only chips and shavings—here is the box—I found Leonard and Lee there—they had extinguished the fire—I saw the partition and flooring burnt—Newell afterwards came up with Stone, sen., and I took him into custody—he then said he had been to Brentford—I asked him what part—he said he did not know—he afterwards said, on the way to the station, that he was asleep in the chair, and did not know whether he was the last who left the house or not—I said, "Very well; the one who left last we shall know, because they have got the key"—after proceeding about twenty yards further, I heard something jink over the wall—I said, "What is that?"—he said, "Aye"—I asked again, and he made do answer—I went on to the station-house, searched him, and took from his pocket an inventory of some furniture, wrapped in a piece of paper—he attempted to destroy it—another constable prevented him—it took two of us to hold him, to get it from him—next morning I went to the wall where I heard the jink, and found a key, which I tried to the house-door, and it fits it—it has three notches on it—I showed it to the landlord—I found at the house in Trafalgar-street two inventories of things, with the prices against them—I saw Dowst at that house afterwards—I found some boxes locked up in that house—I examined them, and found they contained a variety of wearing apparel, linen, candlesticks, and different household articles—there was a bedstead there and two beds—there was salt-cellars, mantle-ornaments, pictures, and a quantity of linen of different descriptions in the boxes—the female prisoner was present, and saw me take the papers, and snatched them from my hand—they were in a box which was locked—I could not find the key, and could not get it open—she said at first it did not belong to her—I said, "Then I must get a key, for I am determined to look into it"—she then produced the key—I found the papers in that box, and she snatched them from me—I got them from her, and produce them—Stone, jun. came in while I was there—I found this paper on Stone, sen.——(this being read, was an inventory of sundry articles of furniture and wearing apparel)—this other paper was found in the box—(this was a printed memorandum of Stone, sen. having proposed an insurance in the Union Office on 100l., and paid 5s. deposit; dated 19th of May, 1845; but unless the remainder of the premium was paid within twenty-one days, to be void. The other papers were a list of articles of furniture and clothing, with the value, amounting together to 84l. 10s.; another list of articles, without any value, and not corresponding with the former; also another paper, dated the 9th of Dec., 1845, being a list of clothing and linen.)

Witness. Here is an inventory of things found at Trafalgar-street, and the total value I put on them is 9l. 10s. 6d.—being a cabinet-maker by trade, that is the value I should like to give for them—I found in the house after the fire a painted bedstead, three chairs, a washhand-stand, a jug and ewer, a bonnet-box, a deal box containing the chips, and a painted chest of drawers—they Were in one room—I value them at 1l. 7s. 6d.—they were very inferior articles—in another room was a clothes-basket, an old coat, trowsers, and waistcoat, two tubs, a lantern, a blanket, clothes-horse, quilt, and one bedstead—I value them at 13s. 1d.—in the third room, down stairs, were two chairs, two tables, a hearth-rug, eight dishes, eight plates, one tea-tray, one

brush, one frying-pan, a saucepan, thirteen show-glasses, a bread-tray, and knife-box—I value them at 1l. 4s. 2d.—the total value 3l. 3s.—that is all I found—I perceived a smell of turpentine on some of the articles, and found a waistcoat very strongly saturated with it, and a bag—I found a bottle which had contained turpentine, by the side of the bed, in one of the up-stair rooms—the turpentine which is now on this inventory was not apparent when I found it.





JOSEPH CHUBB
 (policeman.) I accompanied Leonard and Lee to the house—I found chips burning, and the bags which have been produced—in the bottom drawer, which had chips in it I found this policy of insurance—I found all these papers there together—(these were a proposal for an insurance against fire, also a proposal for a life insurance.)





GEORGE CATCHPOLE
. I am a cooper, and live at Hammersmith. About a month before the fire I sold some chips to Stone, sen.—I took them to his shop door—they were such as have been produced—they came to 6d.—I saw him about half-past three or four o'clock in the afternoon, on the day of the fire—he continued with me about twenty minutes—I was ill at the time—he came for a pint of beer, or something, and came up and saw me—he went away about half-past five—our house is about 150 yards from his.





WILLIAM CARTER
. I am a printer, and live at No. 2, Bridge-row, Hammersmith. I know Stone, sen.—I assisted the female prisoner to unload the furniture when it was brought in—I saw some furniture in Trafalgar-street—I cannot say whether it was the same—the drawers produced resemble those I helped her move in—the furniture at Trafalgar-street very much resembled what I helped to unload in Bridge-row.





SOLOMON AUSTIN
. I am agent at Hammersmith for the Union Insurance. I delivered this policy to Stone, sen., in Oct., 1845—these two papers are proposals for a fire and life insurance—I gave them both to him in Oct.—this memorandum was given him on the 19th of Aug.—his insurance was covered from then to Michaelmas next—the policy and memorandum together covered him all the time—he had paid the deposit on the policy again in Oct.

MR. LEWIS. My father is secretary to the Union Fire Office—I am employed in the office. The signatures to this policy are those of the Directors—there is no subscribing witness—William Nottage is chairman of the Unions, and Thomas Lewis the secretary.
(The policy was dated 29th Sept., 1845; 70l. on household furniture, wearing apparel, &c.; 10l. on watches and trinkets; 10l. on utensils and stock is trade; and 10l. on fixtures; together, 100l., insured to Michaelmas, 1846.)

Stone, sen.'s Defence. I know nothing at all about it.

STONE, SEN.—


GUILTY

on the 1st, 3rd, and 4th Counts. Aged 53.—


Transported for Twenty Years.


STONE, JUN.—


NOT GUILTY
.

HYDE—


NOT GUILTY
.
