




808. 




THOMAS SMITH
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
22nd of February, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 watch-chain, value 6d.; 1 seal, value 2s.; and 2 dwts. of silver, value 4d.; the goods of 



John Turner Curry, in a vessel in a port of entry and discharge.






JOHN TURNER CURRY
. I am mate of the Cygnet, she was lying in the Rcgent's-canal Dock, which communicates with the river, and is a port of entry and discharge. On the morning of the 22nd of February, while I was in bed, I heard a watch-chain rattle against the nail at the head of my bed, and felt an arm in my bed—I put my hand down, and the person ran away—I jumped up, and followed, got on deck, and saw him jump from the ship's rail on to a barge—he got on some timber, and I lost sight of him—on my return I found a pair of shoes just by the companion door—I have since seen the watch in the hands of the constable—it was the one I lost—the case was brought me by another lad.





JAMES GREEN WARD
. I am constable of the Regent's-canal Dock, which is employed for the reception of vessels from the river—they discharge their cargoes. On the morning of the 22nd I heard an alarm of "Stop thief—I went to the spot—I had to cross a bridge, and go in at another gate—I got in, and heard them say, "He is coming over the barges"—I came up with the prisoner just as he got through the gate—he had no shoes on, and was running as fast as he could—I brought him into the dock, searched him, and found this watch making its way down the leg of his trowsers—I heard them say from the ship, that he had got a watch—I inquired where his shoes were—he made no answer—I took the watch on board the Cygnet—I found a pair of shoes there—I brought them down to the cell, and the prisoner put them on—the watch had no case.





JOHN SKINNER
. I belong to the Cygnet. I heard the alarm, got a light, and as I came up the ladder, I kicked this watch-case with my foot—I took it up and gave it to the mate.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY
.** Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.
