




1004. 




JOHN HOLMES
 and 



RICHARD WILLIAMS



, feloniously breaking and entering the warehouse of 



Henry Dymond, and stealing 237 pairs of boots and shoes, value 80l.; his property.


MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY DYMOND
. I am a vendor of boots and shoes—my warehouse is

at No. 2, Regent-street, City-road, in the parish of St. Luke's. At a quarter before six in the evening of 16th Feb., I left those premises safe—I was called up that night, went to my warehouse, and found the front door open, and two storeroom doors had been forced open—the bolt of the lock of the front door was turned back—it appeared to have been opened without violence—I missed upwards of 200 pairs of boots and shoes, worth from 80l. to 100l.—they were shown to me at the station by the police.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. What time did you leave the premises? A. My workmen leave at half-past five o'clock, and we leave shortly afterwards—I went out that evening with the foreman and another man; and afterwards finding I had left something behind, I went back, opened the door and got it—I then came out and locked the door—I know of no keys not these, which I keep myself.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. Was this a dark night? A. I do not recollect.





WILLIAM CLARK
. I lived in Baldwin's-place, City-road, but I have removed—I am a coal-porter. On Friday evening, 16th Feb., I was at the Wenlock-tap—the potman drew my attention to a horse and cart standing at the Wenlock Arms—that was about eleven o'clock—there was no one in the cart—I went and got a light to look at the name on the cart, as I thought it was lost—when I brought the light, a man ran up and said, "It is all right," and he got into the cart and drove off—to the best of my belief the man had a flannel jacket on, and a cap—he turned round, and went down the street—I went into the house again—the young man told me afterwards that the cart had come back—I went and saw that it had come back—there was a man in it driving—I could not say whether it was the same man that I had seen before—I followed the cart into the Wharf-road, and I stopped there talking to a man whom I met—I saw the cart again by Mr. Dymond's warehouse-door—they were putting something in it—I afterwards watched it as it drove down the City-road—I followed it to Bath-street, just opposite Willow-walk—I saw a policeman in Old-street, and told him—I could not say whether there were two, three, or four persons in the cart—I was behind the policeman, he stopped the cart—the persons in it immediately jumped out and ran away in different directions—I did not run after them, but stopped with the cart—I saw Holmes brought back by the policeman—I did not see the man in the flannel jacket sufficiently to know who he was—it was dark—I could not swear to the man—I have no belief as to who that person was—(looking at his deposition) this is my signature—I could not read this writing without I looked over it a good bit—this was not read over to me when I signed it—they asked me to put my name to it—I did not understand what it was for, nor what it was about—I knew it was about the hearing of these men, and then they asked me to put my name down, and I did—I said at Worship-street I thought Williams was the man in the flannel jacket and cap, but then he had a flannel jacket and cap put on—I said I thought he looked like the man, but I could not swear to him—I do not recollect saying he was the man before I saw him in the flannel jacket and cap—when they put the flannel jacket and cap on I said he was something like the man, I could not swear to him—to the best of my belief the person I did see had a flannel jacket and cap, but it was dark, I could not swear to it—it was a dirty flannel jacket—I cannot say whether the man in the flannel jacket and cap jumped out of the cart, I said I believed so—when I first saw the man in the flannel jacket had blown the light out—he came up before I had seen the name on the cart—whether the candle was out I cannot say.


Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. How near were you to the cart when it was at the prosecutor's door? A. About fifty yards from it—it did not come towards me, it turned round—I cannot say how many persons were in the cart when it was at the door—I passed by it on the other side of the way.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLBSTON. Q. Was it not dark? A. It was—I was at some distance—when I was before the Magistrate I expressed some doubt about the man, and they put a flannel jacket and cap on him, that was while my evidence was being taken—I could not see whether there were two, three, or four men in the cart—it was a dark night, and the prosecutor's premises are in a very dark part of the street—I never saw Williams in my life before.

MR. PARRY. Q. Was the jacket put on while you were giving your evidence? A. I believe I had given my evidence before they put it on-then they put the jacket on to see whether I knew whether it was the man or not.





GEORGE GOODWIN
. I am potman at the Wenlock tap—I know Clark—I remember on that Friday night calling his attention to a cart standing at the Wenlock tap—there was no one by it then—Clark went for a candle, and I went out with him, and at that time I saw a person standing by the side of the cart—he was very much like Williams, he was dressed in a flannel jacket and close cap—to the best of my belief it is him—I had not known him before.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. Were you examined before the Magistrate? A. Yes—I did not see much of the man's features—they ordered Williams to put on the jacket and cap before me—I saw the man by myself first, and then I came out with Clark, with a candle—I cannot swear whether the candle was blown out or not—I had not a full view of the man's face—I saw him twice that evening; to the best of my belief he is the man.

MR. PARRY. Q. Did you see his side-face? A. I saw him sideways—from the observation I took of him, Williams resembles the man, but it was not a very light night.





JAMES MEAGER
 (policeman, N 234). At a quarter past eleven o'clock, on Friday night, 16th Feb., I was on duty in Old-street—Clark pointed out a cart to me, twenty or thirty yards off; there were three men in it—I followed it, and called out to them to stop—the driver was dressed in a scull cap, and a white flannel jacket; I have no belief as to who he was—I got up to the horse's head, and seized the reins, and stopped the cart—the persons who were in it jumped out, and ran away—I cannot say whether the cap and jacket now produced are what the man had on; it was a cap and jacket of this description—the persons who jumped out ran in the same direction as far as Willow-street—two of them turned down there, and Holmes kept on a-head—I followed, and took him into custody—I never lost sight of him from the time he jumped out of the cart; I am confident he is one of the men—he was stopped by Baker—I told him he was one of the men that jumped out of the cart—he said he was not—he appeared as if he had been running; he was very much excited and agitated—Clark minded the cart and horse while I was running—I found in the cart sixty-six pairs of Wellington boots, and 170 pairs of women's boots, and two pairs of shoes, and three crowbars—the name of "Richard Williams, Turk-street, Bethnal-green," was on the cart; it was then about twenty minutes past eleven—when I first took them it was about a quarter-past eleven—I afterwards went with Ball and Smith to Turk-street, Bethnal-green, about one—Williams would have had abundance of time to get home, supposing he had been the

person who jumped out of the cart—he is a marine-store dealer—Ball and Smith searched the house—it is about three-quarters of a mile from where I found the cart—I took the articles in the cart to the station—the prosecutor identified them.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. How far had Holmes run before you got him? A. About 200 yards; it might have been between 200 and 300 yards—I stopped the cart at the corner of Willow-walk—Holmes was apprehended within a few yards of Leonard-square—I was between twenty and thirty yards behind him—he had no turnings to take before I came to him; it was in a direct line—I swear he did not run down Willow-walk; the other two men did; he ran straight a-head down Paul-street; he was in Paul-street, at the corner of Leonard-square, when he was apprehended.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. Had you seen Clark before you stopped the cart? A. Yes; I then went and got hold of the head of the horse; the men were driving pretty fast, between five and six miles an how—I do not suppose I was running by the side of the cart above half a minute; it was a starlight night, but a little hazy.





GEORGE BAKER
 (policeman, G 228). On 16th Feb., about ten minutes past eleven o'clock, I was on duty in Leonard-square—I heard a cry of "Stop thief!" and saw Holmes running towards me—I stopped him—he asked me what I was stopping him for—I told him I would tell him presently—Meager, who was following him, came up, and said, "Bring him back," and we took him back into custody to the cart, which was standing at the end of Bath-street, opposite Willow-walk.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Could you see down Paul-street from the cart? A. I cannot say exactly whether I could or not—I was in Leonard-street, which runs across the square—I stopped Holmes in Paul-street.





WILLIAM EDWARD BALL
 (police-sergeant, N 54). Between twelve and one o'clock on the night of 16th Feb., I had information of this robbery—I went with Smith and Meager to 6, Turk-street, Bethnal-green, where Williams lives—it is a coal-shed at the back, and a marine-store shop in front—there were three lights; one was burning in the shed, and another in the back-room—I tapped at the window, and heard a scuffling noise inside—Williams put his head out of the bed-room window and said, "What is it?"—I said, "Is that you, Williams? is the horse come home?"—he said, "No; have you been after anything?"—I was in plain clothes—I asked him to come down, and he came and opened the front door, and said, "There you be"—I told him we were two police-constables, and we should take him into custody for a robbery in the City-road—he was undressed—he had neither trowsers or drawers on, and I observed he was rather excited—I said I should take him into custody for being concerned with others in a robbery in the City-road—he said, "Robbery, I know nothing of any robbery; a man came and borrowed my horse and cart; I suspected something was wrong, and I sent my boy to watch him, and he came back and told me that he had lost him somewhere near Mile-end-road"—I asked him who the man was that hired his cart—he said, "I do not know him; he was a short man, and dressed in a light jacket"—he said he would do his best endeavours to identify him—I told him to dress himself—he did so, and we went to the station—he said the man wanted the cart to remove some goods out of Thomas-street—I had partly searched his house—I went back again and asked his wife for her husband's jacket, and she gave me this jacket now produced—this cap was given to Smith the next day—I found a coat, and a quantity of new metal, which is not here—I went again the next morning—I

found a piece of silk-velvet and some handkerchiefs in a cupboard in the back room.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. Have you told us all that took place? A. Perhaps not—I have to the best of my recollection-"I think when he said he would do his best endeavours to identify the man, that he said he wished he could see him—I think those words were mentioned—his wife gave me this jacket from a cupboard in the front room—that was after he was in custody—when I took him he did not put the cap on to go out, and I did not tell him to put his hat on—I noticed a cap in the room; I forget where it was—he did not put it on—something took place in the room about one of the men wearing a cap and a pilot coat—I did not tell him when he was going away to put his hat on—I remember now his saying that he would put on his hat—this was in the back room, the bed-room—I saw his cap there—he went in this pilot coat and hat.





JOHN SMITH
 (policeman, AT 121). I went with Baker to Williams's house on that evening—when he tapped at the window I heard a noise inside as of some persons moving about—Williams opened the window and said, "Who it there?"—Baker said, "Is that you, Williams: is the horse come home?" Williams said, "No"—Baker said, "Come down, I want to speak to you"—he came down and opened the front door—he had either trowsers or drawers on—he appeared flurried—Baker said he was taken into custody for a robbery in the City-road—he said, "Robbery, I know of no robbery"—Baker said, "For a robbery in Regent-street, City-road; your horse and cart is at the station"—he said, "I lent my horse and cart to a short dark man, dressed in a cap and light jacket"—Baker said, "Do you know who he is?"—he said, No; I should be very glad to identify him if you take him"—he said after the man was gone he had his misgivings, and sent the boy after him—I saw this flannel jacket found—this cap was given to me the next morning by Williams's wife.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. Do you know anything of 5l. reward? A. The first bill I saw was sticking outside the station—I do not recollect that Williams took up his cap to put on, and that Baker said, "Take your hat, and not your cap"—I believe the word "hat" was mentioned by Baker, but what I do not know.

HOLMES—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.


WILLIAMS—


NOT GUILTY
.
