



2439. 




ALEXANDER MUNRO
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of the 

Guardians of the Poor of the Parish of 
St. George in the East, about the hour of twelve in the night of the 
14th of September, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 5 table-cloths, value 5s.; and 5 weights, value 4s. 6d.; their goods.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the dwelling-house of 



Charles John King:—and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES JOHN KING
. I am master of the workhouse of the parish of St. George in the East—I live and sleep in the workhouse. On Wednesday morning, the 15th of September, between seven and eight o'clock, in consequence of a report made to me, I went to the men's dining-room, and missed five table-cloths and five weights—the prisoner was formerly in the house, and had left a few days previous—I found the room in a filthy condition—I found a window broken next to the fastening, which was not so over night, to the best of my knowledge—a person could get over the front railings, and then obtain access to the house—I have examined these pieces of table-cloth produced—they form the greater part of one of the five I lost—here is the workhouse mark on one of the pieces.





ELIZABETH ANN FITCH
. I am servant to Mrs. Wolf, a lodging-house keeper, of Essex-street, Whitechapel. On Wednesday morning, the 15th of September, the prisoner came to my mistress's house and offered a table-cloth for sale—it was quite whole—my mistress purchased it of him for 4d.—I took the money to the prisoner, and he staid in the house the greater part of the day, and slept there that night—he did not sleep there the night before—my mistress cut the table-cloth in pieces, as it is now—I afterwards delivered the pieces to the officer.





THOMAS OVERTON
. I am beadle of the parish of St. George. In consequence of information I received, I went to Mrs. Wolfs, and received these six pieces of table-cloth—one piece bears the mark of the workhouse—I took the prisoner into custody, and asked where Brand was, who I suspected was concerned with him—he said he had not seen him since the Sunday previous—I told him I suspected him of the robbery as well as him—he said, "No, by G—it was not, and he never split on his pal," or something to that effect—he said he should come away from the Thames Police and laugh at Mr. King, the same as he did the Monday before—I said nothing to him about the time at which this was done, nor did he to me—this towel is the property of the parish.





ROBERT HARWOOD VALENTINE
. I am an inspector of the K division. On going through the passage of the Thames Police Court on the morning of the 17th of September, the prisoner was locked up in one of the cells—he called to me and asked if I would give him anything to eat—I said he would

have some by and bye—he said, "I am charged with burglariously breaking and entering the house, but that is wrong, for the windows were left open"—I said, "How do you know that?"—he said, "I saw them open at nine o'clock at night, as I was waiting to see Mr. Rook, the relieving officer"—that was all that passed.





MARGARET RUSSELL
. I am nurse at the workhouse of St. George's. I washed out the dining-room at four o'clock on the 14th of this month—the windows were then all safe and down.





WILLIAM TAPLIN
 (police-constable K 234.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's previous conviction—I was present at his trial—the prisoner is the man who was then convicted—(read.)




GUILTY
 of Housebreaking and the previous Conviction; but not of the Burglary.—Aged 32.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Maule.

