



2317. 




JOSEPH HENRY WEBSTER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of July, 1 shawl, value 1l. 2s.; and 8 yards of lawn, value 12s.; the goods of 



Frederick Charles Burnham Blackwell, his master.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES CRIPPS
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce a shawl and eight yards of lawn, which were pledged at my shop, on the 19th of July, in the name of John Williams, by the prisoner—I am rare he is the man—I gave him two duplicates.





THOMAS SAUNDERS
 (police-constable P 184.) I took the prisoner on the 7th of August—Mrs. Blackwell told him she gave him in custody for robbing them—he did not say any thing—I searched the prisoner's house, and found many stockings and collars—I found no duplicates.





FREDERICK CHARLES BURNHAM BLACKWELL
. I believe this shawl to be mine—I have similar shawls in my house, and have missed one—this lawn bears my private mark—I can swear to this—I did not authorise the prisoner to pawn any of my new things.





THOMAS LEWIS
 (a prisoner.) I remember the prisoner coming to my master's house after he had left his service—he slept that night in the water-closet—he had three shawls given him by Davis—I should not

know them again—he took them away—I know nothing of any lawn being taken away by the prisoner.

Prisoner to
MRS. BLACKWELL. Q. Did I not ask you what I was given in custody for? A. Yes; I told you for robbery, connected with the other young men—you denied any knowledge of it—you stated, on your way to the station, that you had received intelligence from Mr. Wilson that Mr. Blackwell had been robbed.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you know of his coming to sleep in the house? A. We heard it next morning.

COURT. Q. Did the prisoner complain that your husband had been robbed? A. No—my husband's sister said he was there, and I sent for a policeman.

Prisoner's Defence. I had nothing at all to do with the robbery, Mr. Wilson first told me of it. I said I was very sorry to hear it, as Mr. Blackwell had been unwell; I would go down and see him.




GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Seven Years.
