



2568. 




WILLIAM STEVENS
 was indicted

 for feloniously and knowingly uttering on the 
5th of October, a forged request for the delivery of two bolts of canvas, with intent to defraud 



Thomas Hill and another.






WILLIAM HILL
. I am a ship-chandler, and live at Wapping-wall, On the 5th of October, about one o'clock, the prisoner came to me and asked if Hill was in—I asked what he wanted—he said two bolts of canvas—I asked him what sort—he said he had a written order, which he handed to me, and it not being in the regular form, I said we did not do business with a person of that name—he said, "Yes, it is correct, we had a bolt of canvas on Friday, which I paid you for"—I referred to the book, and it was not the case—I said, "Wait a few minutes till the foreman comes in, I will inquire about it"—he said, "I will get a pint of beer, and return in a few minutes"—I went to the door, and watched that he should not go away—he returned in a few minutes, and asked if the foreman had come in—I said yes, and sent the foreman with him to St. Katherine's Dock to see if there was a ship named the Tropic—I had never seen the prisoner before—(order read)—"Mr. Hill, Please let the bearer have two bolts of canvas for the Tropic, Captain Smith, lying at St. Katherine's Dock. Mr. Daniels, Owner, 3, Lombard-street."





NOBLE BLANC FORBES
. I am foreman to Messrs. Hill. I went with the prisoner, by Mr. Hill's direction, to go to St. Katherine's Dock—on the way he said, "You had better have brought the canvas, it would save you the trouble of sending them afterwards"—I said I could bring them—when we got to Wapping church he wanted to turn down there—I said I must keep with him—when we got further he said, "Now you have come so far, you shall have a run for me"—he ran off—I pursued and caught him—he said if I did not let him go he would cut my hand off—I requested him to go with me to the station, which he did.





JACOB HUBBARD
. I am a publican. The prisoner came into my house on the 5th of October, at one o'clock, and asked for a sheet of writing-paper, which I gave him—he went into the tap-room with it—I did not see him write on it—I have no doubt this order is written on part of the paper I gave him.





FREDERICK PICKERING
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner on the 5th of October, and on searching him I found the remainder of the sheet of paper on him—he told me he found the order opposite Mr. Hill's, and took it in to him.





ARTHUR CECIL DANIEL
. I am clerk to Manac and Company, No. 3, Lombard-street. I know nothing of this transaction—the order is not my writing—it is not spelt as my name is—it is not the writing of any of the firm.






GEORGE HENRY CHAMBERS
. I am clerk to Robert and John Daniels, owners of the ship Tropic. This order was never given by them—I know nothing of the hand-writing.

Prisoner's Defence. I picked it up and gave it to Mr. Hill; what the foreman says is quite false.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)

Before Lord Chief Baron Abinger.

