



1309. 




WILLIAM KAYE



, stealing 24 yards of cloth, value 22l.; the goods of 



James Polden, his master.


MESSRS. CLARKSON, BODKIN, and
HUDDLESTON
Conducted the Prosecution






BARNABAS PERRY.
 I am in the employ of Mr. Marlin, of Ebley, near stroud, Gloucestershire, a cloth manufacture. on 21st April I packed up 24 yards of superfine black cloth—it was rolled round quite tight, nearly as this other piece is—(producing one)—it was in canvass, and the number, 115336, was on the cloth inside—this small piece of cloth which the officer has, is part of it, and has the number on it—this piece of canvass was the covering in which it was enclosed—it has direction on it—it was worth about 22l.—it was going to Havant—I delivered the parcel to George Kane, between twelve and one o'clock the same day.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN
Q. Whose writing is this direction? A. Mr. Wheeler, our book-keeper's.






GEORGE KANE.
 I am in the service of Holmes and Co., carriers, of Stroud. On 21st April I received a truss of cloth from Mr. Perry, directed to "Mr. John Bulkbeck, woollen draper, Havant"—I weighed it, it was 1 qr. 6 lbs—I delivered it at the Stroud water station of the Great Western Railway—this the direction that was on it.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you any other trusses? A. I had nine that day, all from the same manufacturer—I observed the directions on them all—they were all coming to London—There were no others directed to Mr. Bulbeck—they remained in my possession about half an hour—no one else had anything to do with them—they did not pass out of my hands till I got to the station, and gave them to the porter about a quarter before one o'clock—he is not here—they were to come by the half-past two o'clock train.





JOHN CHAPMAN.
 I am in the employ of Henry harms, of the Angel I am yard, Farringdon-street. Goods are brought there from the Great Western terminus—on 24th April a waggon came from the Great Western Railway—I assisted to unload the goods—amongst other things I took out a truss like this, directed to Mr. Bulbeck, of Havant—we have a great many trusses of cloth—it was right and hard, and had the direction on it—it remained about half an hour—I took it in a cart to the New Inn, Old Bailey, and delivered it to Mr. Rolf, who keeps the booking-office there—this covering has the same direction on it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you receive many parcels by that waggon? A. About a dozen or fourteen trusses, most of them cloth I believe—they were folded in the same way, but some were larger.





EDWARD ROLF.
 I keep the booking-office, New Inn, Old Bailey. On 24th April I received a truss from Chapman, directed to Mr. Bulbeck, Havant—I am in the habit of handling trusses of cloth—I can tell the feel of cloth—I noticed that truss particularly—I supposed it to be cloth, it was tight and firm—I delivered it to the prisoner in the same state as I received it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you receive a large number of parcels? A. Only two on that day, and the other was twice as large as this—there were two or three ends of cloth in it—I saw this parcel at the police-court after it had undergone the alteration, and should have detected it in a moment.





JOHN BALDOCK
 the younger. I am nearly twelve years old—I live with my father, in Bird-cage-alley, in the Borough. I have been employed four years at the booking-office, at the Catherine Wheel Inn—my father works there—I was out with the cart that the prisoner had the care of on 24th April—at Mr. Rolf's, the New Inn, in the Old Bailey, a parcel was put in the cart like this truss—it was tight like this—I put it into an empty crate in the cart—there was nothing else in the cart but a box or a hamper—we were to take this parcel to the Catherine Wheel inn, in the Borough—We went up the Old Bailey and up Holborn-bill to Liquorpond-street—that is not the way to the Catherine Wheel—the prisoner did not say why he went out of the way—we went to a public-house in Liquorpond-street, and had a pint of beer and a biscuit—the prisoner paid for it—we were there about five minutes—he came out first and I after him—I stopped a short time, and when I got to the cart the prisoner and the truss were gone—I was frightened—I got into the cart and staid till the prisoner came—in about half an hour he brought the truss on his shoulder and put it in the cart—as we went along, the prisoner told me not to say anything, or else I should catch it—when we got to the Catherine Wheel I helped to take it out—it was then soft and flat—I felt at once that it was different to what it had been before—my master asked me if we came straight from the old bailey—I said yes.


Cross-examined. Q. Who put the truss in? A. The prisoner gave it me in the Old Bailey, and I put it into the crate—I saw Mr. Rolf—it was about two o'clock I should think—we were in Liquorpond-street about forty minutes—we got home about three—I saw my master between four and five—I took out the parcel when we arrived at my master's and gave it to the prisoner—my father was in the office—I told my master next day about our going to the public-house, and took the policeman there.





JOHN BALDOCK.
 I am in Mr. Polden's service. On 24th April I saw the prisoner bring a truss in—I did not feel it—I saw standing upright by the door—in about half an hour I weighed it—I saw the pencil-mark of the weight—it did not weigh what it was marked—it was soft—I asked my master to weigh it—it was 9lbs, lighter than it should have been—from the time I first saw it there was no opportunity for any one to alter it or touch it—it was not out of my sight five minutes.

Cross-examined. Q. How long did it remain in the office? A. I suppose nearly two hours—I was passing and repassing—I cannot tell how many parcels I received that day—this was the only one of this sort—it is my duty and interest to watch every parcel there—there were two other men there—I saw this truss go out to the railway—twenty other parcels may have gone with it—the cart came a little after three o'clock—I have been in Mr. Polden's employ twelve years—before that I was portering—I have been employed in the docks.





JAMES POLDEN.
 I keep the booking-office in Catherine Wheel Inn yard. The prisoner was in my employ—on 24th April I saw a truss in the ware-house directed to Mr. Bulbeck, of havant—this is the direction—I handled it—it was soft—it attracted my attention—I weighed it, it weighed 23lbs.—the mark outside was 1 qr. 4lbs.—it was 9lbs. short—it was not like this truss—if it had been such a one as this if had been altered—I was present in the evening when it was sent to New Cross station—I have not the least doubt that this soft one is it.





GEORGE FORSEY.
 I am porter to the London and brighton Railway. This truss was brought by Mr. Polden's van on 24th April—I took it in—I bent it double; it was very soft—I carried it to the receiving clerk—it was different from a roll of cloth—it was forwarded that day to Mrs. Buldeck's, at Havant—it came back again on the following Monday—I saw it—it appeared the same as I had seen it before—if I had carried this other truss in the morning, and afterwards had this one given me for the same, I should have known the difference.





CHARLES FLUTTER.
 I am in the service of Mr. John Bulbeck, of Havant. I received this parcel—it arrived there on Tuesday morning—I told the porter to put it down—I did not touch it then—on Thursday morning I cut away the cords took the canvass off and found a brown paper, and inside that, this piece of black cloth, about three quarters of a yards, wrapped round—it has the number on it—the paper has the same number, and I have the invoice, which has the same number—inside the cloth was a piece of oil-cloth, and in that a dirty sack, with an offensive smell from it—it contained cabbage leaves.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was the parcel till it was opened? A. In the shop, in the presence of my master, his two sons, and myself—some one is always there.





JAMES DYE.
 I keep the Griffin, Liquorpond-street. There is a court runs between my house and the brewery—I do not remember seeing the prisoner at my house—I saw the boy Baldock there, but I do not know when—a

man came to my house last Thursday week, and asked me about having seen the boy—I said it might be about three weeks ago or more—I suppose it was about two o'clock in the day when I saw the boy—I was backwards and forwards to the tap-room, carrying dinners to the persons there—the boy was eating a biscuit—I did not notice who paid for it, or whether anybody was with him.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you see him again? A. last Friday week—the man who came was a policeman in private clothes—if it were on Easter Monday when the boy came, it would not be a busy time; it would be rather slack—my wife serves in the bar.





GEORGE HYDE
 (City policeman, 516.) I took prisoner on 1st may, at the Catherine Wheel. I told him what the charge was—he said he knew nothing about it; he delivered the package in the yard the same as he had received it at the Old Bailey—Mr. Polden asked if he came direct from the Old Bailey to his yard—he said yes; he had no other place to go to—I said, "You were seen up Holborn"—he said it was not on that day—I took him to the station.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you the person who went with the boy to Liquorpond-street? A. Yes; I do not know on what day.

MR. CLARKSON.
Q. Had the boy described where the public-house was? A. Yes, and mr. Dye recognized him.
(Richard Fryer and Edward Kaye gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 29.—


Transported for Ten years.

