



961. 




JOHN JORDAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of February, 1lb. 14 oz. weight of mutton, value 9d.; and 3 lbs. 8 oz. weight of beef, value 1s. 3d., the goods of 



Edward Anstee; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM PURSER
. I am in the employ of Edward Anstee, a butcher, in Oxford-market. On the 27th of February, about nine o'clock in the evening, I was in the parlour, and saw the prisoner come and take from the board a breast of mutton and a piece of beef—he ran off—I pursued him to Tichfield-street—he first dropped the beef in the market, and then he threw the mutton over an area—a gentleman stopped him—he was brought back, and the mutton was found.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me drop the beef? A. Yes, and you threw down the mutton—you took the mutton first and then the beef—I did not lose sight of you.

Prisoner. The mutton was taken half-an-hour before the beef, by another boy. Witness. There was another boy with him, but the prisoner took them both.





JOHN BLOOM
 (police-constable E 98.) I took the prisoner—the meat would not keep, but I have the bone of the beef here—a man living in the market brought back the beef—a boy went in the area and got the mutton—the prisoner said he did not take the mutton, but a boy with him did.

Prisoner's Defence. I was standing' at a public-house—a boy named

peter Rogers asked me to go with him on an errand—he had a parcel under his arm, and asked me to carry it, which I did—we then stood for a quarter of an hour hearing the band play—he then went up the market and took the beef, and chucked it at me—it fell at my feet—he ran away, and I ran too—as I ran, the handkerchief that was round the parcel flew open—I saw I had the mutton, and I heaved it away—I ran on and two gentlemen stopped me.





HENRY BACON
 (police-constable E 61.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from the Sessions-house, Clerkenwell—(read)—the prisoner is the person who was tried.




GUILTY
. Aged 14.—


Transported for Seven Years—Convict Ship.
