



1756. 




JOSEPH COLES
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging and uttering, on the 
9th of May, a certain indorsement of a bank post bill, with intent to defraud 



John Parnett Bull.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN CROKER PENNELL
. I reside at the Dock-yard, Portsmouth; I am the indorsee of this bank post-bill; it is indorsed to me by my father. On the 6th of May I was staying in London—I received the bill from my father by post—on the same day I lost it from my pocket as I was going from Charter-house school to the west-end—I do not know how lost it—the name, "John

Croker Pennell," subscribed to the indorsement of my father, is not my writing—I never authorized any one to subscribe my name to it.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. How did you carry it? A. Loose in my waistcoat pocket—I think I lost it by accident.





FREDERICK SKERRATT
. I am in the employ of Mr. John Parnett Boll, a woollen-warehouseman, in St. Martin's-lane. The prisoner has been in the habit of making purchases for ready money as a tailor—I did not know his address—we do not take the addresses of persons who buy for ready money—on the afternoon of the 8th of May he came to our shop with this bank post bill for 20l., and wished to know if we could take it of him—I looked at it, and found it was drawn to the order of William Pennell, Esq., and specially indorsed by him in favour of John Croker Pennell—I said, "This bill, in its present state, is useless to anybody; it will be necessary for John Croker Pennell to put his name on the back of it before it can be taken"—he said, "Very well, I will get Mr. Pennell to do so"—he went away—he came at four o'clock next afternoon, and brought the same bill with him—he spoke to Dickens, the foreman—shortly after, this bill was sent to me by the cashier-it then bore the indorsement of John Croker Pennell, as it appears now—at that time I had no knowledge of this instrument having been lost—I did not receive any intimation till the Saturday after it was due—I then saw an advertisement in the Times newspaper, stating that this bill had been lost—it was paid by us into Smith and Payne's, and returned to us the same day—in consequence of what I found on the note, "Coles, 21, Great Smith-street," I went to that address on the Saturday afternoon—I could not find the prisoner there—I saw the person who I believe keeps the house—she said he had never lived there—I have not seen the woman here—in consequence of further information, on Wednesday, the 17th of May, I accompanied the police-sergeant Weston to the Warwick Arms, at the corner of Gillingham-street, Pimlico—I went with the constable into the parlour—I saw several people there, and, among others, a person I believed at first sight to be Coles; but at the time I went into the room he was sitting with his back to me—he put his hand over his face, and remained so for a quarter of an hour—I could not catch sight of his face, and was not positive of him—alter that he put both his hands over his face, and remained so equally long—from a conversation going on in the room he was caused to laugh, and in doing so he raised his face from his hands, and immediately he did that I recognized him—I told the officer that was him—Weston left the room and went into the passage of the house—immediately he left the room the prisoner got up from the table, and appeared to be doing the same—I immediately rose up, opened the door, and got out before him—when in the passage I said, "Mr. Coles"—he made no answer—I said, "Your name is Mr. Coles"—he said, "No, it is not," and he pushed by into the street—it was raining very fast at the time—he appeared as though he wished to make off—I told the officer he was the man—he said, "Are you positive it is him?"—I said, "I am"—he said to him, "We want you respecting a bill you passed to Messrs. Bull and Wilson for 20l. with a forged indorsement"—he said, "I know nothing about the bill"—I said, "It is no use saying you know nothing about it, because I am the person to whom you spoke at the time"—he immediately said with a great deal of surprise, "Oh, are you the person?"—I said, "Oh, then, you do know something about the bil"—the policeman said, "Well, then, it has a forged indorsement of John Croker Pennell attached to it"—he said, "I know nothing about it; I saw Mr. Pennell put his name on the back of it."





JOHN DICKENS
. I am foreman to Mr. Bull. On Tuesday, the 9th of May,

about four o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came to the warehouse and wanted to look at woollen goods—I showed him some—he hought to the amount of 6l. 6s. 4d.—after the bill was made out, he tendered me a 20l. Portsmouth branch-note—this is it; it has my signature—he said it came direct from Portsmouth—I handed it to the cashier—he handed it to another clerk—at that time it had the name of John Croker Pennell on it—I requested the prisoner to put his name and address on it—I saw him do so—it was Joseph Coles, 21, Great Smith-street—I saw our cashier give him the difference—I was not there the first time he came.





FREDERICK SKERRATT

re-examined. He spoke to Mr. Bull first—I did not hear what passed between them—Mr. Bull brought him into the counting-house to me—I did not hear him say that he wished to know whether he could safety take such an instrument, as he was ignorant of such matters; nor anything of the kind—Mr. Bull is not here—I found that the prisoner was not know at Great Smith-street—the woman said she knew him, but he did not live there—he was known there—it was a marine store shop, kept by a Mrs. Cannadine—I said to her, "Does Mr. Coles live here?"—she said. "No"—I said, "Do you know where he lives?"—she said, "No"—I said, "I am surprised at that, because this is the address Mr. Coles has given as being his; did he ever live here?"—she said, "No"—I said, "Do you know him?"—she said, "Yes, I know him, and he has occasionally slept here with my brother"—I said, "I wish to see him on particular business; can you tell me where I can find him, any house he is working at, or any person in whose employ he is?" and she could not tell me.





GEORGE WESTON
 (police-sergeant F 6.) I took the prisoner outside the Warwick Arms public-house. I went with Mr. Skerratt—I heard him ask him whether his name was Coles—he said, "No"—I looked at Mr. Skerratt, and said, "Is this the man you want?"—he said, "That is the man"—I then told him I wanted him respecting the 20l. bank post bill he passed to Messrs. Bull and Wilson's the other day—he said he knew nothing at all about the bill—I then heard Mr. Skerratt say, "It is no use saying that, for I am the person you presented it to"—I then told him I wanted him for the forged name of Pennell on the back of the bill—he said, "I saw Mr. Pennell write it myself"—I then took him into custody.

Cross-examined. Q. You were not in your uniform? A. I was not—I searched him, and found a paper about him, referring to the Court of Requests, which is called an execution—(the bank post bill was here read.)

MR. BODKIN
called

----CANNADINE. My husband is a plane and tool-maker, we lives at No. 21, Great Smith-street, Westminster. I have lived there twenty years and nine months—I have known the prisoner by name some years—I have known him two years—he has been carrying on the business of a tailor—he lived in my house, and had a most excellent character.

COURT. Q. You keep a marine-store shop? A. No, a broker's, because our trade is bad—the prisoner has been on and off at our house up to the present period, not always—he lived in my house at the very time in question—I did not deny him, I only evaded the questions, as he had failed in business and was in difficulties—he lived in Vincent's-square, Westminster, eighteen months or two years since, and he has lived as foreman with a high tailor, but the gentleman could not come to-day—I know he lived in the neighbourhood, I do not know exactly where—I do not know how often he has slept at our house in the last six months—more than a week, more than six or seven.
(Richard Cannadine, the husband of last witness; John Parry, tailor, Westminster;

and James Pearce, dealer in coal and wood, No. 11, St. Ann-street, Westminster, also gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY of Uttering. Aged 34.—


Transported for Twelve Years.

