



1343. 




EZRA HALE
 was indicted

for feloniously assaulting 



William Kemp, on the 
22nd of March, putting him in fear and danger of his life, and taking from his person and against his will, 1 jacket, value 7s.; 1✗waistcoat, value 4s.; 1 penknife, value 6d.; and 2 half-crowns; and immediately before and at the time of committing the said robbery, feloniously bating, striking, and using other personal violence to him.






WILLIAM KEMP
. I live at 9, St. Martin's-street, Leicester-square. On the 22nd of March, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, I met a soldier in St. James's-park—I was not quite drunk—I had been drinking a little as it was my birthday—I met the soldier just by the Duke of York's column—I am sure it was the prisoner—we went to the White Horse public-house, just through the park, and had two pints of beer and a cigar—I had four half-crowns, a shilling, two sixpences, and a knife, in my pocket—we went from there to Pimlico, and I lost my recollection from that time, for instead of going down to the right down to the Compasses, I must have turned to the left, and gone down the Commercial-road—the last place I recollect being in was in the fields—the soldier was with me then, and at that time I had no coat or waistcoat on—the soldier had them on—I do not

know how he got them, but I recollect his holding his coat up by the collar and putting my arms into it—I had got one arm into it, and he was putting this arm in—I looked and found I was in Battersea-fields—he said, "I want your trowsers"—I said, "You shan't have them"—he threw me down and stood with me between his legs, and hit me in the face—he made my nose bleed—the blood ran on my coat—my waistcoat and jacket had then been taken off—he knelt on my chest and I felt his hand going into my right hand pocket—in endeavouring to extricate his hand I tore my trowsers—I had four half-crowns in that pocket, I am positive—he hurt me when he struck me—he made my nose swell very much, and I had a black eye—the blow and his kneeling upon my chest prevented my resisting—I struggled very much and I lost one shoe in the struggle, and he tore my shirt all to pieces—he ran away directly, and my money was gone, and my jacket and waistcoat—the knife now produced I lost from the same pocket as the money—this is my waistcoat and jacket—I am sure the prisoner is the person.

Prisoner. Q. Will you swear you did not put on my coat? A. I will swear I did not put on anything but the coat, and that only went on to my arm—I cannot' swear I did not give my jacket and waistcoat into your hands to put on, being stupified.

Prisoner. The knife was in his coat pocket. Witness. It was in my trowsers pocket I am certain—I could not run away from you, I could not walk or stand—I was left on the ground.





WILLIAM HORNE
. On the 22nd of March I was at the Grosvenor canal entrance, at the bottom of the Commercial-road, Pimlico, from half-past eight until half-past nine o'clock—I heard a noise in the hedge in the field—I looked and saw the prisoner and the prosecutor fighting with their jackets off, and rolling on the ground—I went up to them they were both on the ground—I asked them what game they were up to, then they got up and put on their clothes again—they came towards the lock—the prosecutor appeared very drunk—the prisoner seemed in liquor—I do not know that he had had so much as the other—he seemed to lead the prosecutor across the lock entrance as if he was not so drunk—I said it was no thoroughfare, but the prisoner said it was all right, he knew the road—they went round the towing-path into the brick-field, and I saw no more about it—I only saw them going towards the fields where this occurred.





SARAH STRUTTON
. I live at the old Lock-house, Pimlico—the fields are used as brick-fields. On the 22nd of March, about twenty minutes before ten o'clock, I was going down by the side of the canal, something attracted my attention lying on the ground—it appeared to be somebody asleep—I was going with another woman to look for her husband—I then saw it was two men lying there struggling—I went close to them, and put my head down to see who it was—it was not the man I was in search of—I turned back and was much alarmed—there was a man on the top of the prosecutor—he got up and ran away—I cannot say who he was—I went to fetch Mr. Burton—we found Kemp very stupified—he was insensible, and bleeding very much in the face—he had neither jacket nor waistcoat on—his trowsers were torn at the pockets—a soldier's jacket, cap, and belt, were there—I delivered them to Burton the lock-keeper.





BENJAMIN BURTON
. I am lock-keeper at the Grosvenor Lock, Pimlico. About half-past nine at night I was called from my house—I went with Strutton, and found the prosecutor bleeding, and his shirt torn off one arm

—he was not sensible at first—I have a soldier's coat, belt, and hat, which laid a little distance from the prosecutor.





RICHARD MOORE
. I am a policeman. About three o'clock in the morning of the 23rd of March, I met the prisoner on Turnham-green, wearing a jacket and waistcoat which I produce—he asked me the time—I told him three o'clock—be seemed rather the worse for drink—he asked bow far it was to the next town, about fourteen miles distance—I asked him what town—he could not recollect the name of the town—I saw he had regimental trowsers on—I said, "You belong to the army"—he said, "No, you are quite mistaken, I do not"—I said, "Where did you get these trowsers?"—he said he had an uncle under Sir Robert Peel, in Downing-street, and he had got him the trowsers—I took him as a deserter—I asked him about the jacket and waistcoat—he said he had got them from a man on some common—he could not recollect, but he had come over Vauxhall-bridge—I asked him if it was Clapham-common—he said yes, that the man had lent him the jacket, but be could not tell what became of his own jacket, for when he went to look for it was gone—I found in his jacket pocket a duplicate and an order for the Court of Requests, by which I found out the prosecutor—he was committed from Kensington as a deserter he pulled a knife out of his breeches pocket and gave it me himself, and also 2s. 9 3/4 d.—this farthing put on the end of a hook was amongst it—that was identified by the prosecutor.

Prisoner. Q. Can you swear what pocket I bad the knife in? A. I cannot, but you took it out of one trowser pocket and gave it to me—the knife and money was given over to the prisoner by order of the Magistrate.





WILLIAM THOMPSON
. I am a policeman. On the night of the 22nd the prosecutor was brought to the station—I produce the soldier's jacket, belt, and cap—it was covered with blood—when I took the prisoner into custody I found a knife and this jacket and waistcoat upon him.





WILLIAM HOOPER
. I am a sergeant in the first battalion of Scotch Fusileer Guards—the prisoner belongs to the same battalion—on the evening of the 22nd of March at nine o'clock he should have been in his quarters at Buckingham Palace barracks—he was afterwards taken as a deserter—this jacket, cap, and belt belonged to him that day.

Prisoner's Defence. The man asked me how I thought he should look in regimentals. I said, "Very well," He said, "Let me try on your coat and belt." He took off his jacket and waistcoat, and he put on mine. I Put his jacket on my arm while I buttoned mine on him, and he ran away as soon as he had got it on. The sergeant can give me a character.





WILLIAM HOOPER

re-examined. He bore an extraordinary bad character—this is his second desertion—I can say nothing in favour of his honesty.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
