





613. 




RICHARD GOLDEN
 and 



JAMES BAKER
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
12th of December, 5 handkerchiefs, value 21s., the goods of 



Isidor Levinson; and 




EMANUEL MYERS



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






CAROLINE LEVINSON
. I am the wife of Isidor Levinson, a hosier and glover in the Haymarket. One Thursday afternoon, I think the 12th of December, the prisoners, Golden and Baker, came into the shop together—Baker asked me for a pair of white cotton stockings—I showed them some, after looking at him for a minute or two, as he was extremely agitated when I came forward to him—I took the stockings off a shelf—I had no occasion to move from where I stood, as the shelf was within reach—I opened the stockings for them to look at—I looked at the prisoner Baker, and being alone, I did not judge it prudent to accuse him at the moment—there were some handkerchiefs on the counter, and when I produced the stockings, I missed the handkerchiefs—I said, "There were some crimson silk handkerchiefs lying here not a minute before, no person has been in the shop, you must have taken them?"—on which Baker said, "We are respectable young men, we came in here to buy, not to steal, my father's name is Taylor, and I reside in Bond-street"—I asked Baker to take off his hat, which he did instantly—I found nothing there—I then asked him to turn out his pockets, which he did, and I found nothing there—I looked at Golden, and he did something with his hat which he took off, and held before his eyes—I requested him to take off his hat, which he did, and I found nothing—I then saw his left side pocket very bulky, and requested him to turn that out, and I should be satisfied, on which he said something to his companion, which I did not understand, and they instantly rushed out of the shop—my servant came in while I was talking to them, and came round the counter to me, and stood by me till the two prisoners ran away—she ran out after them—I went to the door and called "Stop thief"—I saw Baker go up Norriss-street—Golden ran towards Coventry-street with the pair of stockings naked in his hand—he had tendered me half-a-crown the instant he came into the shop—I had not sold him the stockings—they came to 2s., and I told him so—he ran away, leaving the half-crown on the counter without waiting for change—I did not see them again till they were in custody at Bow-street—Sergeant Pocock brought the handkerchiefs to my shop afterwards—nobody had been in the shop after I had seen the handkerchiefs safe on the counter, and nobody had the opportunity of taking them, except one of the two prisoners.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What should make the prisoner agitated? A. I was convinced he had the handkerchiefs, or he had passed them to the other—I was going into my parlour, when they entered the shop, and could not be seen—it was about two o'clock—I never saw either of the prisoners before, and it was about a fortnight before I saw them again—I do not know the date—it could not be a month, because I told Mr. Twyford it was a fortnight that day—when I asked Golden to

turn out his pocket, I pointed to his pocket—they were seven or eight minutes in the shop—my servant is not here.





THOMAS POCOCK
 (police-sergeant F' 13.) I was on duty on Tuesday, the 31st of December, in Belton-street, Long-acre, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the morning, and saw the prisoner Myers go into No. 12, in that street, which is a broker's-shop, with an empty bag wrapped upunder his arm—he was in there about three-quarters of an hour—he then came out, and had the bag under his arm still in the same state, and went towards Long-acre—I watched him—he did not go out of my sight—he went about one hundred yards up Belton-street, towards Long-acre—I saw a young female come out of the same house as he had come out of—she ran p the street, stopped Myers, and brought him back to No. 12—I still kept my eye on the house, and in about a quarter of an hour he came out again, with the bag on his shoulder, very bulky—he went up Belton-street, towards Long-acre—I followed, and stopped him in Long-acre, and asked him what he had in his bag—he said, "Only a few packs of cards "—I told him I was not satisfied, he must go with me to the station-house, which he did—I searched his bag there, and found six packs of playing-cards, and a number of handkerchiefs and other things—when I pulled out the silk-handkerchiefs he said, "That is my property; I bought it in the regular way of trade, down in Cutler-street, Houndsditch"—I know Cutler-street is a place for things of that sort—I did not apprehend Golden and Baker, the person who did is not here.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS? Q. On looking at your deposition, I do not think you used the word only, but that he said he had a few packs of cards? A. He said a few packs of cards—I have made inquiry respecting his character—I have known him myself by sight for years—if he had been in trouble I should have known it—as for as 1 know he is a respectable dealer.

MRS. LEVINSON
re-examined. These are my husband's property, and were on the counter at the time in question.

MR. PAYNE? Q. What do you know them by? A. By the make—I hemmed them myself—they are India silk, printed in London, the best that can be procured—they were separate handkerchiefs when I lost them, and were lying in a pile—I missed them before I spoke to the prisoners—I had put them straight not a minute before.
(Michael——, bricklayer, New-street, Golden-square, deposed to Golden's good character.)

GOLDEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

BAKER—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.




Transported for Seven Years.

MYERS—


NOT GUILTY
.
