





72. 




GEORGE COATES,



 FRANCIS M'MURRON
. and 




GEORGE BECK
. were indicted for

 feloniously and falsely-making, and counterfeiting 3 pieces of counterfeit coin, intended to resemble and pass for 3 sixpences.






MESSES. BODKI
. and
ESPINASS. conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM PENNY
. I am an inspector of the G division of police. On the 9th of November I went to No. 11, Carrier-street, St. Giles's, with Fink and Farrell—I went into the yard of the house, up some wooden steps to a room detached from the house—I found the room-door with a padlock outside, which was locked—we broke into the room, and found the three prisoners sitting in front of a very clear fire on a small bench—Coates was in the centre—they immediately stood up—Coates had something in his hand which he dashed into a tub of water—he then stooped, and put his hand into the tub—he pulled it out again, and his hand was all white with plaster of Paris—I emptied the water out of the tub, and found a quantity of plaster of Paris at the bottom, which I put into a cup—I found these two pieces of metal in front of the fire-places-one was so hot I could scarcely hold it—

they are called gets, which is the part that runs into the channel of the mould—I found a crucible on the fire three parts full of Queen's metal, in a liquid state—I found six pieces of the same kind of metal on the mantel-piece, and near these pieces of metal, twenty counterfeit sixpences on the mantel-piece, fresh made—Coates said, "You have done a great deal, and what have you done now?"





JOHN FINK
. I am a policeman. I accompanied Penny to the room, and saw the prisoners—I produce an iron ladle which I found on the fire with metal in a fluid state, and on the table nine metal spoons, one of them bent up—Beck said it was an unfortunate job for him, he had merely come into the room for 1s. which Coates owed him, and he supposed it would make no difference, that they should all share the same fate—M'Murron said he had just been to fetch a sheet of writing-paper for Coates—I examined M'Murron's and Beck's hands—they appeared black, as if they had been handling metal—I found a sheet of paper on a shelf with a piece torn off the comer—it appeared as if it had been there some time, for there were cobwebs over it—we were obliged to burst the door open—the padlock was fastened outside.





BENJAMIN FARRELL
. I accompanied the witnesses—when I got in I took Coates into custody just as he drew his hands out of the tub of water—they were all white, and he wiped them on his trowsers—I found on the table two files, two pairs of scissors, a knife, and two spoons—the files had some sort of metal on the edges, as if they had been used, and there was white on the knife similar to what was on the prisoner's hands.





JOHN COFFEE
. I live at No. 3, Carrier-street, St. Giles's. I let out No. 11—I let the room the officers went to, to Coates, three or four days before they were apprehended—there was a lock on the door, and no key to it—my wife put a padlock on before he took it—it was not to be fastened except when they were out—they could not fasten it when they were inside—I know the other prisoners—I see them in the neighbourhood almost every day—they live in St. Giles's.

Coates. Q. Is not that the padlock you gave me when I took the room? A. I do not think it is.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Mint. This plaster of Paris appears to have formed part of a mould—I have examined the pieces—they present at present no impression at all—some pieces, from the discolouration on them, appear as if heated metal had been poured into them—putting a plaster of Paris mould into water, and squeezing it, would destroy its appearance—it would absorb a considerable quantity of water, and expand, and be easily obliterated, especially if the mould was hot at the time—these sixpences are all counterfeit, and cast in a mould—they are composed of what is known as Britannia or Queen's metal—they are all impressions from the same mould—these spoons are the same kind of metal—here are three gets formed of the same kind of metal which would be formed in the channel of the mould—the metal in the crucible and ladle are of a similar description—here are two files, in the teeth of which there appears white metal—the knife has the appearance of plaster of Paris on the blade—the scissors might he used to cut off the get from the coin—these articles might be applied to the purposes of coining.

Coates's Defence. On the 9th of November I asked M'Murron to fetch me a sheet of writing-paper; he had not been there three minutes before Beck came in, and asked for what I owed him; I gave it him; he had not been there two minutes before the door was locked outside by somebody,

and then the officers came; it is not the padlock my landlord gave me.

M'Murron's Defence. Coates came and asked me to go for a halfpenny sheet of writing paper, and bring it up to his place; I took it up; he was sitting in the room by himself; I saw a cup on the table with something like whitening in it; he asked me to sit down; Beck came up and asked him for a shilling he had lent him, and he gave it him; I then went to the door, and found it locked, and said, "George, the door is locked."

Beck's Defence. I went and asked Coates for the shilling I had lent him; he gave it me, and I showed it to the policeman when he searched me; I went towards the door; Coates said, "Stop a moment, you shall have a drop of beer directly." I said the door was fastened; he said I was to sit down and never mind.

COATES.—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

M'MURRO.—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

BECK.†—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.





Transported for Seven Years.
