



2265. 




HENRY TINSLEY
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the counting-house of 



Philip Hooker, on the 
26th of August, at 
St. Dunstan Stebonheath, alias Stepney, and stealing therein, 1 cashbox, value 5d.; 1 pair of scales, value 1s. 6d.; 1 box, value 6d.; 1 knife, value 2s.; 2 tool-boxes, value 1s. 6d.; 2 planes, value 2s.; 2 saws, value 1s.; 5 files, value 6d.; I anvil, value 6d.; 1 square, value 6d.; and 1 account-book, value 6s.; his goods.






WILLIAM FEARNE
. I am a policeman. On the 26th of August, about half-past twelve o'clock at night, I saw the prisoner in Lant-fields, Bethnal-green, turning out of Dog-row into Northampton-street—he crossed the fields—he made a stop when he got under the railway arch, and then went on to Three Colt-lane, and into Abingdon-street—he then turned back again, and I stopped him, and asked what he had got—he said, "A box"—I asked what box, he said, "A cash-box"—one was a tin box, and two wooden boxes—I asked where he got it—he said "From a public-house, but could not tell me the name or sign—he said some man left them for him to fetch, and the man was gone into the country—he said he was going to take them to No. 32, Three Colt-lane—the boxes contained tools—there is no No. 32 in Three Colt-lane—I found a key, a pair of scales, a knife, and a book on him—he said he had had them three months.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How far was he from Raven-row? A. About half-a-mile—I asked what was in them—he said he did not know—they were not open—I looked into them—the prosecutor's house is in the parish of Stepney.





JOHN RICHARD NORTH HOOKER
. I live with my father, Philip Hooker, in Raven-row, Mile-end, he has a counting-house there—I saw these

articles in the counting-house, on the evening of the 26th, at nine o'clock—the yard is enclosed with gates—they were locked up at half-past ten o'clock, and the counting-house was locked at nine o'clock—next morning I found the counting-house door forced open, and the desk also, and I missed these things, and the cash-box and a broken key that had been left outside the desk, and the other articles in it—I hare seen the prisoner about the premises about five years ago.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you the last person on the premises? A. The last person in the counting-house—I took the key away with me—it is in the hamlet of Mile-end Old-town—we pay taxes for the hamlet, and not for St. Dunstan's, Stepney—he must have got over the gate or unlocked the area gate—the counting-house door had been forced open with this axe, which I found lying outside the counting-house desk.
(Rose Price, wife of a fishmonger in Portsmouth-street, Lincoln's Innfields; and James Thorogood, farmer, Ware, Herts; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.
