



432. 




HENRY EASTGATE
 was indicted

 for feloniously uttering, on the 
13th of Dec., a certain forged note of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, commonly called a bank-note, for the payment of 5l., knowing it to be forged, with intent to defraud the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.—2nd COUNT, stating his intent to be to defraud Samuel Sparrow Wallis and another.






ANN WILLITER
. I am single, and live at No. 12, Carpenter-street, Horseferry-road. I have been a servant, but am not in service now—I have known the prisoner twelve months—I was in his company at Westminster on Tuesday morning, the 13th of Dec., between nine and ten o'clock (I had been to the play with him the night before) he gave me a 5l., note to pay a deposit on an apartment—we were unfortunately going to get married—it was to pay a deposit on the apartment, and the price of a ring—the apartment was to be at Charing-cross or Oxford-street—I accompanied him that morning to St. James's-park—we walked through St. James's-park, and opposite the Horse-guards I left him—I was to see him that afternoon at half-past three o'clock in Regent-street—the apartment was to be about 5s. or 10s. a week—I went home to Mrs. Batchelor, a friend of mine, and gave the note to her—she lived in the same house as me—I went with her to Mr. Wallis's, a linen-draper's, to change the note—it was changed there—we bought a pair of gloves, a cap, and some cap-ribbon, which came to about 2s. 4d.—I kept the change till I found the note was bad—next morning somebody came—Mrs. Batchelor's name and address was given, and put on the note when it was paid away.

Prisoner. Q. When you took the note home what did you do with it? A. I gave it to Mrs. Batchelor—she took it to the linen-draper's—she did not take it anywhere else first—she took it up to another lodger in the house to ask if it was a good one, and the lodger said yes, they believed it was a good one—I did not take it up myself—Mrs. Batchelor changed the note—it was never in my hands after I gave it to her.





HANNAH BATCHELOR
. I am the wife of Isaac Batchelor, and live at No. 12, Coventry-street. On the 14th of Dec., Williter gave me a 5l. note to pay a deposit for a room, and to buy a ring—I showed it to Mrs. Edwards, a lodger in my house—I did not lose sight of it—it was not changed—I put it in my bosom—I had no other note there—I went with Williter to Messrs. Wallis and Southwold, in Parliament-street, and bought some things for her which came to 2s. 4d.—I paid the 5l. note for them, and got change—I gave

my name and address, which was written on the note in my presence—I am sure the note my name was written on was the same as I received from Williter—I took the change off the counter, and put it into Williter's purse.





GEORGE DOUGLAS
. I am in the service of Samuel Sparrow Wallis and Mr. Southwold. I remember Williter and Batchelor coming to the shop and purchasing articles to the amount of between 2s. and 3s., which Batchelor gave a 5l. note for—I asked her name and address, which I wrote on the same note—the note now produced is it, and has the writing on it—I wrote it first in pencil, but in the evening having doubts about it, I wrote it in ink.





JOSHUA FREEMAN
. I am inspector of Bank of England notes, at the Bank, and have been so twenty-six years. I have examined this note—it is forged in paper, plate, and signature—it is not the signature of the cashier it purports to bear—I am well acquainted with his signature.





WILLIAM MORAN
. I am an inspector of the B division of police. On Wednesday evening, the 14th of Dec, in consequence of previous information, I was inside the house No. 12, Carpenter-street—the prisoner came to the door, and I apprehended him at the door—I told him he was charged by the witness Williter with having uttered a forged note to her—she was present at the time—I think I told him it was a 5l. Bank-note—I told him it was my duty to caution him that whatever he might say I must name elsewhere, and if he wished to say anything it was my duty to hear it—he said, "I shall say nothing at all about it," but immediately afterwards he said, "I will tell you all about it, I took it at the fight down the country" (when he knocked at the door a female opened it—he refused to come in—I was in the parlour—he could not see me—the female asked him to walk in—he declined, but asked if Ann was in—the female said, "Yes, walk in"—he declined to come in, and waited at the door—I went out to him) I searched him, and found on him a key, 2s., and a note addressed to Williter—he at first said his name was Henry Miles—he afterwards said his name was not Miles, that they called him Miles's boy, but his name was Henry Eastgate—he at first said he lived at No. 5, Arundel-terrace, White Conduit-fields—I said I should go there—he then said he did not live there, but his friends resided there—I afterwards learnt that some notes had been found in the street, and a spot was pointed out to me in Carpenter-street, about twelve feet from No. 12, where he was apprehended—in going from the house to the station with him, I had passed that spot, but the notes lay on the right, and he was on my left—I do not think he could pass that spot on leaving the house, but in coming to it he might, or anybody standing at the door might easily have thrown them there.

Prisoner. Q. How did I decline coming in? A. You were asked by the female to come in, and you declined—I could not exactly catch you words to say what you said—you might have said you were in a hurry—you made no resistance to my taking you—you could have thrown the notes away before I came out of the parlour—you saw me come out of the parlour followed by two men, and there was a light in the passage.





THOMAS BUCKINGHAM
. I am a coal-porter, and live at No. 2, Bennett's-yard, Westminster. On the 15th of Dec., at a quarter before eight o'clock in the morning, I was in Carpenter-street, and picked up some paper about two yards and a half from No. 12—it was about two feet and a half from the pavement, on the road—I found it was two 5l. notes wrapped up in a piece of sugar paper—I gave them to Mr. Edgar in about twenty minutes—I had not parted with them before—I took them to him in the coal-yard, which is about a hundred yards from Carpenter-street—it was rather

dirty weather—the paper is not here—there was no soil on it as if it had been there any time—the notes were not out of my sight till I gave them to Mr. Edgar.

Prisoner. Q. Do you think they had laid there all night; were they damp with the dew of the night? A. They were dry when I picked them up—they were rolled up in brown paper, which also seemed fresh—it was rather a damp morning—it was wet the night before.





EDWARD EDGAR
. I am clerk to Mr. Lucas, a coal-merchant, in Milbank-street. About nine o'clock in the morning Buckingham gave me two 5l. notes, and asked me if they were good—I thought them bad—I kept them, and they were marked before I parted with them, and marked by him in the inspector's presence—he told me he found them that morning about a quarter to eight o'clock—I locked them up, and kept possession of them till I delivered them to the inspector—these are the two notes—Buckingham put his mark on them, as he could not write.





WILLIAM MORAN

re-examined. I received these two notes from Edgar—they are Nos. 876 and 877—I put Buckingham's name on them, and he put his mark—they are the same notes.





GEORGE DOUGLAS

re-examined. On Wednesday evening, the 14th of December, I went to No. 12, Carpenter-street, and remained inside the house—the prisoner came to the door—I followed the inspector, and saw the prisoner at the door—the inspector collared him—the prisoner's hands at that time appeared to me to be in his pocket—they were not hanging down—when he was collared he made a motion appearing to attempt to escape—he turned quite on one side as if to escape—that motion brought him nearer the curb—he did not move half a foot, perhaps—he was searched in the parlour.





JOSHUA FREEMAN

re-examined. These two notes are forged in every particular, and are impressions from the same plate—the number is put in afterwards by hand—it is quite a distinct operation—the same plate will serve for thousands—we never have two notes of the same number and date—the first note I saw is from the same plate as the others—it is the same date, and purports to be signed by the same cashier—the first note is No. 627, and has 37 in the margin—that is part of the plate—this is a copy of a plate used on the 14th—it is all the same paper, and there has been an attempt at a water mark done by pressure.





GEORGE DOUGLAS

re-examined. The inspector seized the prisoner by his right collar—he turned to the right—he turned sideways, swung round, and his right side got a trifle nearer the curb.





WILLIAM MORAN

re-examined. It was eight o'clock in the evening when I took him—he made no resistance, but by my touching him with some force it might have altered the position of his body—whether it was his own act or mine in seizing him I cannot say—I was on duty all that night, and it was a fine night—it did not rain all night—there was a wooden barrier at the end of Carpenter-street, and no traffic of horses or carriages.

Prisoner to
MRS. BATCHELOR. Q. How do you obtain your living? A. By my labour—I have a husband, and he lives with me—I only knew Williter stop out one night while she was at my house—I never knew her come there after keeping company with another person—my husband is a horse-keeper, and has 21s. a week—I never knew any one come there courting Williter, but you—I do not know where she was the night she stopped out—she left the house by herself.

Prisoner's Defence. I took the note at a fight for a bet.




GUILTY
. Aged 36.*—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

