



130. 




HANNAH PEARSON
 was indicted

 for stealing 5 sovereigns, 12 half-crowns, 20 shillings, and 8 sixpences; and 4 5l. notes, the monies of 




James Caffrey.






JAMES CAFFREY
. I am master of the brig Advance, lying in the Thames. On Monday, the 26th of Nov., I fell in with the prisoner, and went to No. 3,

Devonshire-street, Commercial-road—I there gave her a half-crown to get some supper, which she did, and returned with some half-and-half and some porter—she gave me 1s., and I gave her a half-crown for a night's lodging—we went to bed—I heard a noise, and on getting up, I found my trowsers had been taken from under my head—I had four 5l. notes and four sovereigns, and other money in the pocket—I ran down stairs—a woman came past—I took hold of her, but it was the wrong person—there was a little girl in the room besides the prisoner—I had my money safe when I was in the room—I am sure of that—and one of the notes has been traced—I got the notes from the firm of Bartlett, Harriss, and Dixon, coal factors.





WILLIAM LEE
 (police-constable K 268.) I took the prisoner—I said it was for robbing a man of four 5l. notes, and some money—she said, "I should have liked to have had it"—I said, "Do you know anything of these new clothes?" which I now produce, and which were in her room—she said, "They are my sister's"—I said, "Who bought them?"—she said, "I did"—I said, "Where did you get the money?"—she said she had saved it—she had four or five rings on her fingers, and she had a key on her—she said she found that in the street.





FANNY NEEDHAM
, of Richard-street, Commercial-road. On the 20th Nov. the prisoner took my room, she said she was married—she furnished the room with all new furniture—I saw her change a 5l. note at Mr. Marks's, the chinashop—this is the key of my room-door.





ELIZABETH MARKS
. I keep a china-shop—the prisoner came to buy some earthenware—she paid me with this 5l. note, No. 45253.





THOMAS WILLIAM HEWITT
, clerk to Larkin's and Son. This note was taken by Mr. Larkin—he gave it to me, and desired me to attend here—Marks took this note to Wilson on Thursday night, and on Friday morning Wilson paid it to my master—Wilson is not here.





THOMAS MACROSE
. The prisoner bought some furniture of me, and paid me with this note, No. 45252.





JOHN FREDERICK BARROW
. I come from Bartlett, Harris, and Dixon—I paid both these notes to the prosecutor.

Prisoner's Defence. I met this man, he was intoxicated, and was very sick; he said, "This is not a good room." I said, "I have not a better to go to, or money to get it;" he said if I was a good girl, he would give me two 5l. notes to get it; he gave me some silver, but what I do not know.





JAMES CAFFREY

re-examined. I was not drunk—after I drank the half-and-half I turned very sick directly—I was not sick before I drank it—I did not give her this money—when I was going to bed I twisted it up in my watch-pocket.




GUILTY
. * Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

