







579. 




WALTER NEWMAN
,




GEORGE EARLY
, and 




WILLIAM DEACON
, were indicted for

 stealing 3 aprons, value 1s. 6d.; 2 shifts, 1s. 6d.; and 1 night-gown, 6d.; the goods of 



Jane Jones: 1 pair of stockings, 1s., the goods of 



Isabella Bagnall: 9 pairs of stockings, 10s. 1 table-cloth, 9d.; 2 pillow-cases, 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of drawers, 6d.; 9 towels, 4s. 6d.; and 1 shift, 6d.; the goods of 



Melville Sherriff
: and 




CHARLOTTE PROBERT
 and 




MARY ANN PARSLEY
, 

for felonously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.







ELIZABETH SHERRIFF
. I am the wife of Melville Sherriff—we life in Albany-street, Camberwell. On Wednesday evening, the 22nd of Jan. I had a quantity of linen hanging in my garden, which is inclosed, and has a ditch at the bottom—the linen was safe at a quarter past seven o'clock, and was missed at half-past seven—I have seen some of them since in the hands of the officer—I have seen a pair of stockings belonging to Isabella Bagnall, some aprons and other things of Jane Jones, who is my servant—I know all the things.





WILLIAM MORTON
 (police-constable P 289.) On Thursday morning, the 23rd of Jan., between eleven and twelve o'clock, I took Newman into custody on another charge—he looked bulky, and I found this table-cloth round his body, which Mrs. Sherriff has identified—I took him to the station—he said be resided in the Mint, in the Borough; but I had reason to believe he did not—I went to York-street, and found some lodgers had come to a house in a little street, called James-street—I went there, and knocked at the door—Early looked out, and I said, "I want to speak to you"—Deacon and another were at the window—Early then put down the window—I waited, and then knocked again, but got no answer—I waited some time, and then went through the next house, and got in—I went up stairs, and found the two female prisoners in the room I had seen the men looking out at—I asked them where the men were—they said they did not know anything of any men—I then asked what the front door was locked for—they said the landlady was out, and had taken the key—I asked which way the landlady was gone—Probert said she did not know—I said, "I suppose you are landlady yourself"—she said, "I am," and said Parsley took that room of her which they were both in—I then came down, and saw a quantity of linen hanging to dry in the front parlour—I asked them both who that belonged to—Probert said, "It belongs to me part of it, and part of it I have got to wash for a person"—I asked who the person was—she said she could not give me any name or residence—I then said to Probert, "I shall take the linen and you too"—I packed part of the linen, and another officer packed up another part—we took it away—there were three shifts, two night-gowns, and an apron, which have all been identified—Probert said, "I brought this all upon myself; I had no right to be here; my friends are respectable; I wished many times the things should not be brought in"—I asked who brought things in—she said different youths, and she would say no more—I found this poker in the lower room, which answers the purpose of a crow-bar, and a skeleton key was found in the house—I knew all the prisoners before—Probert cohabits with a man named Brent, and I have frequently seen Parsley with Early, whom I knew by the name of Jackson.

Parsley. He never saw me in his life; I was not in the house till a week before I was taken. Witness. I have seen her eight or ten times—she was residing in a little court a little distance from Probert.





RICHARD DAVIS
 (police-constable P 55.) I went to the house on the 23rd, and searched—I found three night-caps belonging to a person in

Albany-road, and this apron, which is claimed by Mrs. Sherriff—I found two caps in Parsley's room, and this skeleton key in the room below, which is, I believe, occupied by Brent, who is not in custody.





JAMES BAKER
 (police-constable P 98.) I went to the house, No. 1, James-street, York-street, where the prisoners live—I'found two nightcaps, and this old sheet in Parsley's room, which are identified by Mrs. Hill, and I found this towel in that room, which is identified by Mrs. Sheriff.

Parsley. I can be on my oath these things were never in my room; they are brought here to bring me into it.





ROBERT BEALE
 (police-constable P 239.) I went to the house with Morton—I found nine stockings in Probert's room, the lower room, and two pillow-cases—they have all been identified by Mrs. Sherriff—Probert said she was landlady of the house.





JOHN ELDRIDGE
. I live in Bond-street, Vauxhall. I let the house, No. 1, James-street, to Probert, as a weekly tenant, for 4s. 6d. a week—Parsley was with her when she took it—there are four rooms in it.





JAMES ROGERS
 (police-constable P 83.) I was on duty in Albany-road, Camberwell, on the 22nd of Jan., about half-past seven o'clock in the erening—I saw Newman, Early, and Deacon, and two others, standing about a dozen yards from Mr. Sherriff's house—I am sure they were together—I knew them by sight—that was about half a mile from No. 1, James-street.

Early's Defence. I have a witness to prove I was at home with my father-in-law, shoe-making; I had been there all day, and was at work till eight o'clock in the evening, in the back-room down stairs, at No. 17. Regency-place, White Hart-street, Kennington; it is quite false saying that I was in the house at James-street, looking out at the window.

Deacon's Defence. I was at home at the time they say the robbery was committed, at No. 13, Peacock-street, Newington, sitting by my mother's fire; she is a laundress; it is quite false about my looking out at window.

Probert's Defence. I was out that night from six o'clock till past ten; I was not aware of the things being there; I have witnesses to prove I was at No. 1, Peacock-street, sitting with two females; I did not receive the things, nor do I know who brought them to the house.

Parsley's Defence. I took that room, and at the time the knock at the door came, the landlord came up, and they all came up, to see who it was knocked; they all went down, and made their escape; the landlady was in the room with me; I never knew there was anything of the kind in the house; I never received it; Deacon was not in the house.

Newman's Defence. On Thursday morning, the 23rd of Jan., I went down to see Mr. Brent, whom I have been working for; he is the brother of this man, and keeps a greengrocer's shop; he asked me to go to his brother, to know if he would go for some apples; I said I did not know where he lived; he said, "At No. 1, James-street, York-street;" I went there, and he told me to go tell his brother he could not go out that day, as his shoes were bad, and he had cut his foot; he had a table-cloth, and asked me to go and sell it for him; I said, "Where?" he said I must go and try, and all I got over 4d. I might have; I was going, and the policeman took me; is was not round my body; my jacket was buttoned, and it was under it; I worked for Mr. Brent all last summer.






JOSEPH DEACON
. I am the father of Deacon. The policeman says he was looking out of the window of Probert's house about half-past ten o'clock on the Thursday morning, prior to his being taken—I know he was at my house at half-past ten, and from that till about twenty minutes to twelve—he was cleaning himself to go to look for a place—he cleaned himself in the wash-house in the yard down stairs—the house consists of four room and a washhouse—the laundry is up stairs—he was cleaning himself in the yard down stairs—I saw him there for about an hour, and before that he was in the next house—he then came and cleaned himself for an hour, and then I believe he was at the top of Peacock-street—Mrs. Brown saw him—she is coming, I believe, for Probert—my son has been at work with me—I am a carpenter—he was in place at Mr. Ireland's, a greengrocer's, before he worked for me.





ELIZA BROWN
. Probert was at my house last Wednesday fortnight—she came at half-past five o'clock, and did not leave my place till half-past ten or a quarter to eleven—she lives with Brent—I know on the Thursday morning, about ten o'clock, Deacon came to our house for some apples, and he was about the top of the street from that time till half-past eleven or twelve—he was not at his own place.

Early. The officer states that he knew us, and I have only left Mr. Stewart's five weeks; he states he has known me twelve months.





WILLIAM MORTON

re-examined. I have known the whole of them twelve months—the last month or two I have frequently seen them with Brent—constantly associating together—I took Newman between eleven and twelve o'clock on Thursday the 23rd, but it was full half-past twelve before we went to the house.

NEWMAN*—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.

EARLY—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

DEACON*—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

PROBERT—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

PARSLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.






Transported for seven years








Confined One year


