




1068. 




CHARLES CARTWRIGHT
 and 




CHARLES CONNOLLY
 were indicted for

 breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Crane on the 
22nd of February, at 
Hendon, and stealing therein, 4 gowns, value 1l. 10s.; 1 gown-skirt, value 1s.; 2 waistcoats, value 1s.; 1 pettcoat, value 1s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 6s.; 1 jacket, value 3s.; 3shawls, value 15s.; 1 coat, value 3s.; 1 tobacco-box, value 9d.; 3lbs. weight of pork, value 1s.; 6lbs. weight of beef, value 1s. 6d.; and 3lbs. weight of bread, value 6d.; the goods of 



John Crane; and that Cartwright had been before convicted of felony.







MARY CRANE
. I am the wife of John Crane, and live at Child's-hill, in the parish of Hendon—I sleep there. I left home at eight o'clock, on the morning of the 22nd of February—I left the house fastened up—I was sent for about one—the front door was then broken open, the box in the bed-room broken open, and all the things stated gone—they were safe when I left home—here are what I lost.





HENRY NORTH
. I am a labourer, living in Child's Hill-lane, near Crane's. At five minutes past twelve o'clock, on the 22nd of February, I was going to dinner—I saw the two prisoners coming down the lane, about half-a-mile from Crane's—they were going in the direction of Crane's, and as was sitting having my dinner, I saw them cross the field, and Cartwright had a bundle—I sent a little boy to give information—I then went down myself, and found Crane's house open—I went in pursuit of the prisoners—they saw me, and Cartwright dropped the bundle—I still followed, and got two fields further—I then picked up another bundle—I do not know who dropped it—I took them up—they contained these articles, which the prosecutrix identifies—I followed the prisoners to Bell's Eyes, Park-bridge, then to Chalk Farm public-house, then to the Southampton Arms, then to the George at Hampstead, and there we met them coming along—I am sore they are the two men who were together when the bundle said I was mistaken, it was not him, he was at Westminster at the time.





JOHN CRANE
, junior. I received information, and went after the prisoners—I saw Connolly with a handkerchief—he hallooed out to me, "If you see ever an old b—r following after us, tell him you have not seen us"—I followed him, and as he was going into Bell's Eyes-field he dropped the bundle which had the meat—we followed the prisoners towards Chalk Farm, and at last came up with them.





RICHARD NEILD
 (police-sergeant S 3.) I took Cartwright—I said I wanted him for that job at Child's-hill—he said, "You are always wanting me for something"—he said, "It was not me, I have just come from Westminster."





WILLIAM SIMMONDS
 (police-constable S 97.) I went to Mr. Hilton, a baker, at West-end—I got the bundle which North left there.





JAMES THOMAS
 (police-constable S 53.) I went in search of Connolly—I met him at Highgate—he ran off—I pursued, and called "Stop thief"—I took him when he had run a mile or more—I said I wanted him for breaking into Crane's house at Child's-hill—he said it was not him, it was Cartwright—I searched him—he had part of a loaf and 3 1/2 d.—on the way he asked what they would do to him—I said the Jury must tell him—he said he supposed it would be a tenner.


Cartwright's Defence. I met this prisoner, and asked him to go with me to Westminster, to enlist for a soldier; we went, and he was not tall enough; as they would not take him, I would not go; we went back to Hampstead, and then they took us.





RICHARD NIELD
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner Cartwright's former conviction, which I got from the Clerk of the Peace of St. Albans—(read)—I know he is the person named in it.

CARTWRIGHT—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

CONNOLLY—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.
