






258. 




JAMES SANDFORD
,




GEORGE JAMES SAUNDERS
,



JOHN ROBINSON
 and 




JOSEPH PRIESTLEY
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
26th of Nov., 2 iron bottles, value 10s.; and 1401bs. of quicksilver, value 30l.; the property of 



William Golding, the masterof 



James Sandford. 2nd COUNT, of 



Anselmo de Arroyare.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM GOLDING
. I am a master carman, and live in King-street Tower-hill—the prisoner Sandford was in my service—on the 26th of Nov, I sent him with a van and horse to Fresh Wharf, to remove fifty bottles of quicksilver from there, for Mr. Anselmo de Arroyare, and to take them to the South Western Railway, to go to Southampton, to be shipped on board the Trident—I sent him out about two o'clock in the afternoon, and he ought to have been back about seven—I was out that evening, but I know that he returned about ten o'clock—it was his duty to come to busines the next morning as usual, and he came about six in the morning, and left at seven, but I did not see him—I saw nothing of him after he went to fetch the goods—he had given me no notice of leaving me—he left word with my wife, that one of the bottles of quicksilver was short weight, and they would not receive it—I went to the police-office on the 27th of Nov., about eleven o'clock—I saw Saunders and Robinson in custody—I saw these two bottles of quicksilver which had been found—I went with Thorpe, the officer, to the Southampton Railway on the same day—I found there one bottle that had been rejected as light—this is it—it turned out to be full of lead—I went from the railway station to Southampton—I went on board the Trident—I overhauled the fortynine bottles of quicksilver there, and found amongst them another of those dummies—this is it—they are both old quicksilver bottles, but filled with lead instead of quicksilver—in consequence of the discovery I had made, I looked out for Sandford, and some days afterwards I received a message—on Tuesday, the 3rd of Dec., I went to a public-house in Jewry-street, Aldgate—I found Sandford there—he said he had been drawn into the thing, by Maynard stopping him at the Woolpack, as he was going up the Minories—he said Maynard gave him some beer and gin, and asked him what he was going to load, and he told him some quicksilver, and where he was going to take it to, that Maynard said he could make it all right, that he had got two dummies, that could be substituted for two of the bottles of quicksilver, if he would meet him over in the Borough—he said that Maynard and another man met him in the Borough, and there they made the exchange, arid took the original bottles out, and lifted the dummies in—he said the cart that brought the dummies and took the bottles away had the name of Richard Owen upon it.





JAMES ROBINS
. I am delivery foreman at Fresh-wharf. On Tuesday, the 26th of Nov., I delivered to Sandford fifty bottles of quicksilver, I think about a quarter to four o'clock in the afternoon—they were from

No. 1401 to 1450—I saw him go away with them—the two that were abstracted were Nos. 1438 and 1445—I have had quicksilver in charge before—it is always in these bottles, which always weigh 3/4 cwt. and some odd pounds—the Custom-house mark on the bottles the odd weight of pounds above the 3/4 cwt.—the duty is a halfpenny a pound on it, and it is that which makes the weight of importance.

JURY. Q. Is it tared? A. No—it is marked on it, "Tare, 161bs."—these bottles are never opened, except one or two perhaps out of each cargo, which are opened by the landing-waiter, just to ascertain that it is quicksilver—he pours a small drop into a teacup, and puts it back directly—the weight is the criterion.





WILLIAM BALLARD
. I am a porter at the South Western Railway. On Tuesday, the 26th of Nov., Sandford came to the railway, between seven and eight o'clock—he brought fifty bottles, which he said contained quicksilver—I took the first that came out—it appeared to be light, and I said, "Carman, this is a light one "—he said he could not be accountable for it—I declined to take charge of that light one, and put it on one side—the other forty-nine he delivered to me were sent down to Southampton.

Sandford. It had not gone six o'clock.

Witness. It was between seven and eight o'clock when we assisted-in unloading them—that was the first I saw of him.





JOHN CROUCH
. I am one of the clerks of the South Western Railway. On the 26th of Nov. I remember Sandford coming with quicksilver, between seven and eight o'clock—the porter found one bottle was light—it was weighed the next day, and it was 2 qrs. and 171bs.—I gave the same bottle to Thorpe the officer.





RICHARD OWEN
. I am a master caiman, carrying on business in Fashion-street, Spitalfields. On Tuesday, the 26th of Nov., I was on Brewer's-quay, Thames-street, which is about 300 yards from Fresh-wharf—the prisoner, Priestley, who is a cousin of my wife's, came to me about twelve minutes to four o'clock—he asked me if I wanted that little cart of mine which was on Tower-hill, close by Brewer's-quay—the prisoner, Robinson, was the driver of that cart, and he was with it on Tower-hill—I told Priestley I did not particularly want the cart, and he said he had a job, to move a few things from over the water to Tower-hill—I asked him how long he would be gone—he told me an hour and a quarter, or an hour and a half—I asked him what I was Ito get for the job—he told me 7s. or 8s.—I told him, "Very well,"to make haste—he went and came back, and said Robinson would not let him have the cart; without I came outside and told him so—I accordingly walked up the street after Priestley, and Robinson came up me, and asked why he could not go with his own cart—I told him he might go if he liked, as he was no use to me without the cart, but to make haste back—those were the last words I spoke to either of them, and he and Priestley went away together with the cart—it must have been seven or eight minutes before four when they went, and I expected the cart back about half-past five, or a little after, but they did not come back at all—I heard late that night that two bottles of quicksilver had been stolen, and I went to the station to make inquiries—(my cart was sent home)—I found Priestley the next night, about twelve, opposite Bermondsey church, and gave him into custody—Robinson must have known that it was his duty not td leave the cart; and to come back at the time he mentioned—I saw my horse, which had been

in the little cart, on the Wednesday morning—it was then in a very distressed state, and appeared to have been driven very fast, above its pace—it was exhausted, and so stiff I could hardly get it out of the stablethere was a large piece of flesh out of its hind quarter, and it died on the fourth or fifih morning afterwards—it had been in very good condition, as far as I know, when I allowed Priestley and Robinson to go with it.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Did Priestley appear as if he wanted the cart? A. He was very anxious to go with it by himself—he did not want Robinson with him—he said he would take the cart himself, and then it was that Robinson said, "Why can't I go with my own cart?"—the carmen frequently get gratuities when they go with the carts.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Did you not know that Priestley was living near Bermondsey? A. I did not know where he lived then—I have since been with the policeman to his house.





GEORGE CLARKE
. I am a watchman at Brewer's-quay. I know Priestley—on the 26th of Nov. I met him in Backchurch-lane, Whitechapel, at the corner of the Weaver's Arms, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening—he was standing there, and I said to him, "Halloo, Joe, there you are"—he did not speak to me, but ran away down a court.





ANN LUCAS
. I live at Mr. Waypoole's, a blacksmith, in Pennington-street, Ratcliff-highway. On the evening of the 26th of Nov. a horse and cart came to our door, about five minutes before six o'clock—there was a carman with it, and the prisoner Saunders—I did not know the carman, but I should know him again if I saw him—he is not here now—Saunders asked me if my father was at home—I said, "No"—he then asked if my my mother or my brother were at home—I said, "No"—he said he wanted to drill two holes into the back of a stove, and would I let him come in—I said, "Yes"—I opened the door, and he and the carman came in—I went into the room to get a light, and they directly went into the shop in the dark—when I came back to the passage with a light they were gone in—I did not see whether they had got anything with them—Thorpe, the officer, came up while they were in the shop—he asked me what they were unloading from the cart—I said I did not know what they were doing, but Mr. Saunders had asked me to let him drill two holes into a stove—Thorpe then went round the cart, and I ran into the shop to tell Saunders and the other man that there was a policeman there—they said, "Never mind "—they came out into the passage, and Saunders said, as he was going out, "I am going to get a pint of beer"—he had only got to the next door but one before Mr. Thorpe got him, and the carman ran away as far as I saw him—Mr. Thorpe brought Saunders back, and took him into the back shop—there were two bags found in the shop, and these two bottles in them, which the officer took away—they had not been there before these people came.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When you said there was a policeman, and they said, "Never mind,"did you go to the street-door again? A. Yes, and then the policeman went round the cart—Saunders came to the door, and said he was going for beer.





ROBERT THORPE
 (police-constable H 155.) On Tuesday evening, the 26th of Nov., I was in Pennington-street, Ratcliffe-highway, about five minutes before six o'clock—I was near Waypoole's door, and saw a cart standing there, which I afterwards saw had the name of Richard Owen on it—I saw two men taking something out of the tail of the cart, and dragging

it into Waypoole's passage—Saunders was one—the other I did not know—I entertained some suspicion, and went to the passage—I saw Lucas there with alight—I spoke to her, and got her answer—I did not see that she went back towards the shop, for I went and looked into the cart to see what it contained—I, then saw Saunders come out of the house, and turn to the right—he walked first, and then began to run—I stopped him, and took him into custody—I do not know what became of the other man—I did not see him go—Saunders said, "Let me go, I have done nothing"—I said he was dragging something through the passage—he said, "Let me go"—I said, "I will not"—I took him back through the passage into the shop—I saw two bags there—I said, "What have you got in these two bags?"—he said, "I don't know, a carman hired me to help to unload them"—I sent for another constable, and examined the bags—they contained these two bottles of quicksilver, marked with the Nos. 1438 and 1445, on them—they have been unscrewed, and foun to contain quicksilver, and the weight of them is 921bs. each—I took the cart and the quicksilver to the station—the horse was smoking very much—my brother officer took Saunders—it might be about half-past six when I entered the charge against him, and between seven and eight, Robinson and made application for the horse and cart, and I went with him and came the inspector to Owen's, in Fashion-street—I did not say anything to Robinson about it, but in the course of the night I received orders from my inspector to take Robinson also into custody—I think there were some words passed between us—I blamed him very much for not keeping with his horse and cart—as I was afterwards taking him along Church-lane, Whitechapel, to go to Denmark-street station, he complained very much of being ruptured, and said he was very from it, and he hoped I would not lock him up—I told him he would have every accommodation as far as could be allowed in the station, but I could not let him go—he said I was very hard—I said, no, I was not—he said, "I did not do it, but I know all about it, and if you will give me a penny-worth of rum (pointing to the Prince of Wales public-house) I will tell you all about it"—I said I should do no such thing, and whatever he said to me I should use in evidence against him—he then said nothing.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Did he not about of a double truss that he had on, and that he should not be able to take it off at night? A. Yes—he did not say, "I will tell you all I know out it"—he said, "I know all about it, and I will tell you all about it."





JOHN DONNEGAN
. I am a police-inspector. About nine 'o'clock at night, on the 26th of Nov., Robinson came to Denmark-street station—he said, "have come about the horse and cart that was brought here"—Mr. Owen's father was in the station, and he said to me, "That is Robinson"—I said, "Robinson, did you go out with the horse and cartthis morning had you charge of it?"—he said, "Yes, I made three jobs of it, but I had not charge of it all day"—I said, "When did you leave the horse and cart?"—he said, "About half-past three a person came and hired it, and said he wanted it for about a 7s. job—I accompanied the horse and cart into the Borough, and they then said the hired the horse and cart, who are they?"—he said, "There was a gentleman with the person who hired the horse and cart—I said, "What did you hear next of the horse and cart?"—he said, "I was standing near the cornier of Well-street, about

eight o'clock, when the man who hired the horse and cart came to me, and said, 'The police have taken the horse and cart away to Denmark-street station' "—I said, "What did you do about that?"—he said, "I went home"—I said, "Don't you think it would have been better if you had gone to Denmark-street then instead of going all the way to your master's in Fashion-street?"—he said, "I did go there, I was anxious to let them know what had happened"—I said, "Did the person who had informed you, go with you?"—he said, "No"—I said, "Have you called anywhere on the way?"—he said, "No"—I said, "Not at your own house?"—he said, "I just looked in"—the horse and cart were at the station, and Robinson, and Mr. Owen's father, and Thorpe, and I got into it, and went to Mr. Owen's.





CORNELIUS FOAY
 (police-constable H 98.) On Wednesday, the 27th of Nov., I was in Bermondsey with Richard Owen, searching for Priestley, and about twelve o'clock at night, I saw him in Bermondsey-street—there was a woman who looked at me, and she then went and spoke to Priestley—he directly turned round and ran away—I followed, and took him—I told him I was an officer, and he was charged by Mr. Owen with being concerned with others in stealing two bottles of quicksilver—he said he could explain all about it—I took him to the station in St. George's-inthe East—he then said a gentleman hired him to take the job, and he was to have 10s. for it, and to give Mr. Owen 7s.—he said he took the job, and then got so drunk that he did not know what had become of him, or what he had done afterwards.

MR. HORRY to JOHN DONNEGAN. Q. You used the words, "Did the person go with you?" was not the word, "Carman?" A. I am not certain—Robinson and I were speaking of the carman—he said the cart was hired of his master for a 7s. job, and his master said he might go with it or not, which he liked—he said, "I did go with it into the Borough, and then they said they did not want me further."

SANDFORD—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

SAUNDERS—


GUILTY
. Aged 38.

PRIESTLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 33.






Transported for Seven Years
.

ROBINSON—


NOT GUILTY
.
