




3059. 




GEORGE MOULDEN
 and 




JAMES KELLY
 were indicted for

 breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Caroline Banks, on the 
27th of September, at 

St. Paul, Deptford, and stealing therein 1 basket, value. 1s.; 12 spoons, value 7l.; 11 forks, value 6l.; 2 knife rests, value 1s. 6d.; and 11 knives, value 1l. 10s.; her property.






HANNAH SALMON
. I am servant to Caroline Banks, of No. 2, Staffordshire-place, Old Kent-road, in the parish of St. Paul, Deptford. On the 27th of September, about nine o'clock in the morning, I went up stairs, leaving the plate basket in the kitchen cupboard, and the kitchen window down, but not fastened—I came down in about twenty minutes—the kitchen window was then wide open, and the plate basket gone—it contained the articles stated—I saw the property again in the course of the day at Union Hall.





FRANCIS BEAVER
. I am a greengrocer, and live in Mason-street. On the 27th of September, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, I was at my door, loading my cart, and saw the two prisoners go by, walking side by side, Moulden had a basket on his arm with a cloth over it—as they passed the cart, the cloth blew off, and I saw that the basket contained plate—I told the witness Brown to go and fetch a policeman—they must have heard me, for they walked on pretty sharp—Brown followed them up the road.





JOHN BROWN
. I live in Mason-street. On the 27th of September, between nine and ten o'clock, Mr. Beaver called my attention to the two prisoners—Moulden had a basket with him—I could not see what was in it—they went over a field, towards London—I followed, and when I got into the Kent-road I was before them—I walked towards London, and looked out for a policeman—they followed me a short distance—when they came to the canal-bridge they met two more boys, who joined them—I continued walking till I got to the Green Man—I there saw a constable, and told him what I had observed, and saw him take the two prisoners and one of the others into custody.





JOHN WHITLAMB
 (police-constable M 89.) I was on duty on the 27th of September, in the Old Kent-road—In consequence of what Brown said to me I apprehended Moulden—he was carrying this basket of plate in his

right hand, covered with this handkerchief, and a stick in his left hand, walking towards London—I asked what he had got there—he said what he had got was his own, that he had found it, and I had nothing to do with it.

Moulden. I did not say it was my own—I said I picked it up. Witness. He said what I have stated—he resisted, knocked the basket out of my hand, and ran away a short distance—I pursued and caught him again.





WILLIAM FENSOM
 (police-constable M 204.) I was on duty in the Old Kent-road on the 27th of September, and saw the two prisoners and another boy coming up together towards the gate—when they came near the gate Kelly and the other boy crossed over the road and ran away, and Moulden went up towards the gate—this was a mile or more from Mason-street—I ran after Kelly and the others, and caught them—I asked what they ran for—they made no answer—I took them to the station—Kelly there said that he and Moulden went into a field together, and there found the property, along with a knife-box and some knives, which they left behind them—that he and Moulden were in company together, and the other boy had nothing to do with it—no knives were found.





HANNAH SALMON
 (re-examined.) These are Miss Bank's property—they are worth 15l.—she lives about twenty yards from Mason-street—the area-gate was left unlocked, and they came in that way, down theara steps—the initials "H. B." are on the plate—it belonged to Miss Bank's father—I have been in the habit of using them, and this is the basket in which they were lost.

Moulden's Defence. I found them.

Kelly's Defence. We were going to Deptford dock-yard to get a shlip—I saw a parcel lying in the corner of the field covered with an apron—I called Moulden—he uncovered it, and said, "I will take them home, they will be handy—you can carry this basket and the knives"—I said I should not carry any of them, and left them there.

MOULDEN*—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.

KELLY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.




Transported for Ten Years.

Before Edward Bullock, Esq.

