





468. 




GEORGE WILLIAMS,


 GEORGE STANDISH
, and 




JOHN WILSON



 were indicted for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Perring in the night of the 
23rd of January at 

St. Andrew, Holborn, and stealing therein 1 watch, value 4l., his goods, and that they had both been previously convicted of felony.






HENRY PERRING
. I live in Farringdon-street and deal in watches. On the 23rd of Jan., about a quarter to eleven o'clock at night, I was in my shop, taking some watches from the window—I was leaning forward to reach them, and my head was close to the plate glass when I felt an immense blow, a sort of shock, at the window, and before I could collect myself there was a second, and then a third, and then the window went in with an immense crash—a large square of plate glass of great thickness was broken to atoms—a great number of watches fell out on the pavement—I immediately opened the door, and saw Wilson and Williams running from the window the moment I opened the door—I followed Wilson—he ran into the middle of the road, running in and out of the cab-stand—Williams dodged me and crossed me several times—at the corner of Holborn-hill a policeman stopped Wilson, in my presence, and at that moment I saw him throw a watch into the road—I turned round, followed Williams, and collared him—I had seen them both run away from the shop—the watch Wilson threw away is mine—I was in the act of taking

that watch out at the time—they had cut the window, but the glass being of an immense thickness they could not succeed, and made a dash at it—my son was standing by me at the time—I occupy the whole house—it is in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn.

Prisoner Williams. Q. Did you see me near the shop? A. I saw you run away from it, and you were very near me all the way, and at the station-house you and the prisoners, all said they meant to do it, sink or swim and the prisoner Standish surrendered himself in consequences of the other two being taken, but they changed their tale at the office.





WILLIAM JJOHN PERRING
. I was in the shop with my father—I heard a noise at the window, and saw the glass broken—the one who broke it did it with his elbow—I saw him do it—he had a hairy cap on—he put his hand in, took out a French watch, and ran away—it was the watch which has been produced—I went out in pursuit with my father to the end of Farringdinstreeet—I did not see the watch picked up—I saw a cap placed on Wilson's head before the Magistrate—it was such a cap as the person had who broke the window and took the watch.

Wilson. Q. How could you see me through that thick plate glass? A. There were two reflecting lights outside the shop—I could see plainly through the glass—I saw the cap, and the man take the watch.





CHARLES OGBORNE
 (City Police-constable, No. 282.) On the 23rd of Jan., a little before eleven o'clock at night, I was on duty in Farringdon-street—I heard the noise of glass breaking, and saw Wilson run away up the middle of the street, in a direction from Mr. Perring's shop towards Holborn—there is a cab-stand there—while following him I saw him fling something from his hand into the middle of the street—I did not hear any noise—I stopped him in Field-lane, and on my return I went to the spot where I had seen him throw somethings, and picked up a gold watch, which I produce—it was on a spot where he had the opportunity of throwing it—as we went to the station, Wilson pointed out Standish, and said, "That is another, he helped me to do it"—I caught him by the collar, and he said he did help to do it—I found Williams in custody of the policeman.

Prisoner Standish. I said I did not help him. Witness. He said he did help him, and that they all wanted to go together, they all wanted to be transported.





WHILLIAM WHALES
 (City police-constable, No. 245) On Saturday night I was on duty in Farringdon-street, opposite Mr. Perring's shop—I heard the glass break, and saw several persons running towards Holborn—I ran, and saw Ogborne take hold of Wilson, and saw the prosecutor stop Williams—I went to Mr. Perring's house, and took charge of Williams—as I took him to the station he said he had been at Newgate six times, and he hoped this would be the last, as he wanted to be transported

Prisoner Williams. I did not say anything of the sort.

Wilson's Defence. I was coming down the street, and was taken; I was never near prosecutor's; I had no watch, or anything in my hand.

JURY to HENRY PERRING. Q. Did you hear the prisoners say anything? A. At the station they said the were all in it, and they all went to do it together, and they did it for the sake of being transported—I heard Williams say, "I acknowledge being in it; we did it together,"





HENRY ROWE
 (City police-constable, No. 356.) I produce a certificate of Williams's Former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—(read—Convicted April, 1845, and confined six months)—I was present at the trial—he is the Person tried and convicted.

WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.


WILSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven years.


STANDISH—


NOT GUILTY




Before 


Edward Bullock, Esq.

