



1484. 




THOMAS RICHARDSON
 was indicted

 for stealing 2 rings, value 20s., the goods of 



Benjamin Edwards.






GEORGE BRADBURY
. I am shopman to Benjamin Edwards, a jeweller, in Shoreditch. On the afternoon of the 16th of April I was in my master's shop—the prisoner came to ask for some wedding rings—I took the glass case out of the window, and put five or six rings on the counter—he looked at them, and tried them—some were too large, and some too small—he then put his hand into the glass case, and said some of those would suit him better—he took out three, tried them, and then made an attempt to put them down, but he only put down one of the three—I saw the other two pass quickly into his left hand—he then tossed up a sovereign in his hand, and pointed to a ring on the counter, and said, "What is the price of that one?"—I took the rings off the counter, and put the glass case on a work-box—he was going to the door, and I taxed him with having two rings in his left hand—he stood for a minute, and said, "So I have one;" and when he was taking that, I saw part of the other one—I tried to lay hold of him, but he drew back, and ran out—I jumped over the counter, and ran after him—I called, "Stop thief," and so did he—I ran 600 yards, and caught him—I then saw the other ring in his mouth—I took him back 200 or 300 yards towards the shop, he asked me to let him walk quietly by my side—I objected to that, and took him back to the shop, and taxed him with the ring being in his mouth—it was a minute or a minute and a half before we attempted to take it from him, but could not—I should say he swallowed it—he then had a sovereign in his hand, which he tried to get into his mouth, to make it appear that it was that he had—when I would not let him put the sovereign into his mouth, he said, "Did you know I wanted to pay you for the ring?"

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. When did you first state that he attempted to put the sovereign into his mouth? A. Before the Magistrate—I

swear that—I do not know whether it was taken down—I did not say on the first examination that I saw something like gold in his mouth—what I said was read over to me—I did not notice that it had been omitted—he had thrown the sovereign down on the counter—I do not know what became of it—I did not touch it—this is the ring he gave back—it is worth 16s.9d.—I have missed two rings—he did not toss the sovereign on to the counter—this is my writing to this deposition—(read—"I saw him pass the other two into his left hand, and he tossed the sovereign with his hand on the counter") that is a mistake, I never said that—there was a glass over the tray—I was obliged to take it off—none of the rings fell off.





REBECCA EDWARDS
. I live with my father, Benjamin Edwards. I was in the parlour at the back of the shop when the prisoner came in—the parlour door was open—I heard him ask for some wedding rings—Bradbury showed him some—I heard him charge the prisoner with taking two wedding rings, and having them in his left hand—he said, "Oh, have I? I do not know"—he said, "So I have one," and threw one down on the counter—Bradbury said, "You have another"—he said, "No, I have not"—Bradbury tried to pull him—he ran fast out of the shop, and Bradbury after him—I watched him outside the door—I heard Bradbury cry, "Stop thief," and the prisoner cried as well—when our rings were shown to him there were seventy, and when he left there were only sixty-eight—I counted them myself, and know the stock well—when he left he put back one ring on the counter—I took it up, and put a mark of my own on it—my father's marks were on it before.

Cross-examined. Q. When had you counted the rings? A. The day before, and made a memorandum in the stock-book, the cash-book, and ledger—I have looked at the books to see I am right.





JOHN HARVEY
 (police-constable G 118.) I had the prisoner given into my custody—he said he went in to purchase a ring, and threw down a sovereign to pay for it—I received the ring from Miss Edwards, and the sovereign from the shopman.





CHARLES BLAKE
. I followed the prisoner from Mr. Edwards's shop, and saw him stopped—I saw something yellow in his mouth—on account of his shifting it from one side of his mouth to the other I could not tell what it was.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see it through his cheek? A. No, through his teeth—I am a watch-glass manufacturer—I was working for the prosecutor a few months ago—I saw this in the prisoner's mouth after he had fallen over a boy in running away—I am convinced it was not a sovereign—it was a plain edge.




GUILTY
.* Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.

