



1549. 




DANIEL WRIGHT
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging and uttering a warrant and order for the payment of 390l., with intent to defraud 



Sir Samuel Scott and others.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE TAYLOR
. I am a clerk in the banking-house of Sir Samuel Scott, Bart., and two others—they carry on the business in Cavendish-square under the firm of Sir Claude Scott and Co. On the 3rd of May the prisoner presented this check for 390l. to me, and said he wished change for it for Mr. Redmayne, of Bond-street—Mr. Redmayne was a customer of ours—I gave him six 50l. and four 20l. notes, and ten sovereigns—the check was forwarded from our house to the Bank, and was afterwards returned to us as forged.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. I presume that you have before cashed checks on the cashiers of the Bank of England? A. Yes—I cannot say that I know an instance where the cashiers of the Bank of England have cashed a check of this description—it was their rule to refuse to cash checks not written upon printed forms; but, with their alterations lately, I cannot say whether it is so now—the indorsement induced me to cash the check—I know Mr. Ceates—I believed this to be his writing at the time it was presented to me.





ARTHUR MAITLAND
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England. This check was produced at the Bank, and returned as being forged—I examined the signature of Pulsford—it is not his writing—we have only one William Pulsford

who keeps cash at the Bank—we never pay checks, except on printed forms.

Cross-examined. Q. Then, whether forged or not, you would never have cashed this check? A. Certainly not.





WILLIAM PULSFORD
. I live at No. 11, Hyde-park-terrace. I keep cash at the Bank of England—this check for 390l. is not my handwriting—I never authorised any one to put my name to a check of that sort—I knew nothing of Mr. Redmayne previous to this transaction.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. It is not at all like your writing? A. Not at all.





GILES REDMAYNE
. I am a silk-mercer, and live at 20, New Bond-st. I did not send this check to be cashed on my account, or for my accommodation, by the prisoner—I never saw it till it was produced by the policeman—I have a clerk named Ceates—I never authorised this indorsement to be made—it is not Ceates's handwriting, nor at all like it, in my opinion—I only know the prisoner as the brother of a lad who is an apprentice of mine, and lives with me—I have seen him once or twice at his father's, and spoken to him.





FREDERICK. CEATES
. I am a clerk in Mr. Redmayne's service. The indorsement, "For Giles Redmayne, T. Ceates," on this check, is not my hand-writing—I did not send the prisoner with it, to get it cashed for Mr. Redmayne.





JONATHAN WHICHER
 (police-sergeant A 27.) In consequence of information I received I went in pursuit of the prisoner—I traced him to Birmingham, and, on the 24th of May, I apprehended him at the Victoria hotel, Euston-square—a female was in company with him—they were in one of the parlours, at breakfast, between ten and eleven o'clock—I asked the prisoner his name—he said, "Day"—I told him I was an officer, and I was going to ask him some questions, which he would do as he pleased about answering—I asked him if he recollected buying a gold watch at Whistler's, in the Strand—he said he did—I asked if he knew where he got the 50l. note from with which he paid for it—he made no reply—I told him he must consider himself in my custody, on suspicion of uttering a forged check at Scott's, in Cavendish-square, for 390l.—he made no reply at that time, but afterwards he said it was a bad job, and he must put up with the consequence—he asked me several times if I thought he should be transported—I searched him, and found on him five sovereigns and 4s. 6d., and in a writing-case, in the room, 70l. in gold and a quantity of jewellery, a gold watch and pin, and articles of wearing apparel, most of them new—this is a list of them, which I made at the time—part of the things were given up to the female, when she was discharged—I found in the prisoner spocket-book a check similar to the one produced—it is signed "Pulsford," the same as the other—I brought him and the woman away in a cab—he said, "It is a good job you took me to-day, for I think I should have uttered that other check to-morrow; yet I don't think I should have had the heart to have done it"—he said he was in difficulties at the time he did it, and it was through the women—I asked him, at the time I found the gold, if he had any more money—he said no, he had lost two of the 50l. notes.
(Check read)—" 11, Hyde-park-terrace, 3rd May, 1844. To the Cashiers of the Bank of England. Please to pay Mr. Giles Redmayne, or bearer, the sum of 390l., which place to my account. Your obedient servant, WILLIAM PULSFORD.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Twelve Years.



Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

