



651. 




JOHN HODDINOTT
 was indicted

 for stealing 2 seals, value 19s.; 1 thimble, 2s.; 1 handkerchief, 3s.; 27 keys, 7s.; 3 sixpences, and 4 pence; the property of 



Edward Caldecott, from the person of 



Sarah Ann Caldecott.






SARAH ANN CALDECOTT
. I am the wife of Edward Caldecott—he is cook at Mr. Ward's, in Bond-street—I live in Windmill-street, Lambeth. On the 20th of Jan., towards seven o'clock in the evening, I was on the back seat of a Dorking coach, passing along High-street, in the Borough—I turned round once or twice, and saw the prisoner hanging behind the coach—I took no notice of him at first, but he got up to the rail, and I felt my dress touched; and Mr. Cheeseman said to the prisoner, "That game won't do here, Jack," and said to me, "Mrs. Caldecott, your dress if cut"—I found my dress and pocket were cut through, and I missed the thimble and other articles stated—the coachman pulled up directly, and Mr. Cheeseman got down and ran after the prisoner—I had not been on the coach above three or four minutes—my pocket was all right when I got on the coach, I am quite sure—my pocket was cleared of everything but a penknife, which was between the lining of my pocket—here is my dress, which is cut, and my pocket also.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Had you known the prisoner before? A. No—I distinctly recognize, and am quite sure he is the person—I had not been in a crowd before that—I am sure this had not been done before I got up—I had taken my handkerchief out of my pocket after I got on the coach, and it was all right.





ALFRED CHEESEMAN
. I am porter at the Golden Cross, Charing-cross. I was on the same coach with Mrs. Caldecott—I have known the prisoner about the Elephant and Castle for ten or twelve years—I turned, and observed him behind the coach—I said, "That game won't do here"—he jumped down momently and ran, with hit head ducked down—I stopped the coach immediately, and said to Mrs. Caldecott, "Your pocket is cut"—the coachman said, "What is the matter?"—I said. "This lady's pocket is cut"—he said, "Who did it?"—I said, "Mr. Hoddinott"—I knew the prisoner perfectly well, and gave information—he was taken afterwards





WILIAM MARTIN
 (police-constable P 289.) I apprehended the prisoner at No. 8, New-street, Kent-road—I told him it was for cutting a lady's pocket, and stealing a bunch of keys and other articles.




GUILTY
.** Aged 31.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

