






1785. 




GEORGE CLARK
, 




ANDREW MURPHY
, 




CHARLES SAUNDERS
, and 




EMMA FARMER
, were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Robert Taylor, at 
St. Mary, Newington, about 2 o'clock in the night of the 
10th of May, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 2 bottles, value 1l.5s.; 1 neck-chain, 8s.; 1 cushion, 6d.; 17 tin checks, 4d.; 14 groats, 47 pence, 169 halfpence, and 6 farthings, his property: 2nd COUNT, for burglariously breaking out of the said dwelling-house; and that Clark and Farmer had been before convicted of felony.






ROBERT TAYLOR
. I keep the Black-horse, Kent-street, St. Mary, Newington. On the night of the 10th of May I went to bed about five minutes or a quarter to one—I left the house fast—I cannot swear that the window was fast, but the other part was—the policeman called me about four o'clock—I came down and found parties had got in at the back window of the club-room, come down, opened the bar door, unlocked it, and gone out the back way—the articles stated were taken—there was 13s. in copper, 5s. in silver, a gilt chain, an emery cushion, and 17 tin tickets or checks with my initials "R. T." on them—the window was on one pair of stairs, it looks into a yard—I know the prisoner Saunders—he has used my house for the last four or five months.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. You do not know whether the window was open or shut? A. I know it was shut, but I do not know whether it was fastened—the catch will not fasten—I went and looked at it that night.





BENJAMIN PARSONS
 (police-constable M. 107.) On the morning of Saturday, the 11th of May, about aquarter-past two, I was on duty in Kent-street, and saw the prisoner Farmer in Black-horse-court, against Mr. Taylor's premises—directly she saw me, she turned back and gave Clark a signal—I could not understand what it was—I was not near enough—I went up to Clark, and saw Murphy come over the wall of Mr. Taylor's premises, on to Clark's shoulder in Black-horse-court, close against Farmer—I took Clark into custody—Murphy made his escape into the Dover-road—I took Clark with me, and saw a brother constable in the Dover-road—I sung out, "Stop him," and he immediately laid hold of Murphy—we took them to the station—on Clark I found 8s. 6d. in copper, fourteen check tickets, and one emery cushion—which I produce—Farmer followed us to the station-house—when we got there we took her—she was searched, and nothing found on her.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. How long was it previous to seeing Murphy coming down out of the yard that you saw Farmer? A. Just before she went and gave Clark the signal—it was a signal they have got among themselves—I was not near enough to tell what it was—I heard her say something, but could not understand what it was exactly—I could not understand whether it was "a crush" or" a bobby"—I cannot swear that I heard any words of that kind—I heard her say something—it was a signal to let them know a policeman was coming—I will undertake to swear Farmer had seen me—she was meeting me just as I was against the corner of the court—after she turned back from me she made the signal—she was nine or ten yards off, not half a stone's throw from the other prisoners—she was close against Clark, close enough for him to hear what she said—she was very near the top of the court when she saw me, and then she returned and gave Clark the signal.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Black-horse-court is a public thoroughfare, is it not? A. Yes—one end is in Dover-road and the other in Kent-street—there five or six houses in the court—I do not know the exact length of it.






EDWARD SPICE
 (police-constable M 180.) On Saturday morning, the 11th of May, about half-past one o'clock, I was on duty in the Dover-road, and observed the prisoners, Farmer and Saunders, in Black Horse-court—when I returned, about a quarter-past two, I saw them in the court again—I watched them, and as soon as they saw me coming the second time, they walked through into Kent-street—I returned again about two, and they were still remaining in the court, watching the wall belonging to Mr. Taylor's premises—when they saw me again they walked away—about ten minutes past two I was watching them—Saunders and Farmer were both looking at the wall, as if looking for some person, and at that time the sergeant came up Kent-street, and drove them from there into the Dover-road—he came the opposite way from me—they came into Lawson-street, up Brand-street, and there Saunders left Farmer—she came out into the Dover-road—I stopped her, and said if I saw her in the court again I should take her to the station—she said she was going home—she went directly down Black Horse-court—I followed her very closely, and just before I got to the court I saw Murphy run out of the court into the Dover-road—at that time Parsons saw me, and said, "Is that you?"—I said, "Yes"—he gave me an alarm, and I took Murphy into custody—I found on him 2s. 7d. in copper, five 4d. pieces, some lucifers, two knives, a handkerchief, and three tin tickets with "RT" on them.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. The last time you saw Farmer, previous to the arrest of these parties, was in the Dover-road? A. Yes—she left me there, and came directly back to the Black Horse again.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Yow saw them four separate times? A. Yes—Farmer and Saunders were talking together in the court—I did not see them talking at the end of the court—the first time I saw them watching was at half-past one o'clock—two o'clock was the second time—I said so before the Magistrate—I do not know that all I said was taken down—I stated just the same here as I did before the Magistrate—this is my name and hand-writing—(the deposition being read, did not state that he saw them watching)—Saunders had got away—I did not take him at his own lodging—I found him lodging at Falcon-court, in the Borough.

MR. TAYLOR
re-examined. These tickets marked "R. T." are mine, and are what were taken out of my house—this emery cushion is Mrs. Taylor's, and was taken out of her dressing-case.

Murphy's Defence. I never saw Saunders till in Horsemonger-lane; I have seen Farmer along with Clark, but not for a week before that night; I can assure you Saunders is as innocent as a child unborn.





THOMAS WILLIAM REDFORD
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of Clark's former conviction—(read)—he is the same person.





JUSTIN M'CARTHY
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of Farmer's former conviction—(read)—she is the person.

CLARK—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.

MURPHY—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

SAUNDERS—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.

FARMER—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.







Transported for twenty years.


Before Mr. Recorder.

