



931. 




RICHARD THOMPSON
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Christian Hinrich Fruchtnicht, on the 
11th of February, at 

St. Anne, and stealing therein one scarf, value 1s. 6d.; four petticoats, value 1s.; five frocks, value 3s.; and six pairs of stockings, value 2s., his property.






MARGARET FRUCHTNICHT
. I am the daughter of Christian Hinrich Fruchtnicht—he lives in Catherine-street, Limehouse. I was returning home about eight o'clock at night, on the 11th of February-just before I got home I saw three boys standing at the corner—I heard one of them say, "Don't be a fool;" and then the prisoner, who was one of them, and had a flannel jacket on, went to our window, and I saw his hand on the window-frame—I went in and told my mother, and when we came out they were gone—I am sure that the prisoner is the person who had his hand on the window-frame—I watched him five or ten minutes, and that enables me to speak to his face.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How far were you from your father's shop when you heard one say, "Don't be a fool? A. They were standing at the opposite corner, and I was passing by—I watched them about five or ten minutes before I saw the one with the flannel

jacket at the window, he crossed over to go to the window, and the other two stood at the other corner—I then went in—I saw the one with a flannel jacket again a short time after—I did not see what he was doing at the window, but I saw his hand on the frame—I had never seen him before—I went before the Magistrate the next day, and the prisoner was remanded—it was nearly a fortnight after that I was sworn—I am quite sure I am not mistaken as to the prisoner's person—it was about eight o'clock at night, and was dark.





ELIZABETH FRUCHTNICHT
. I am the wife of Christian Hinrich Fruchtnicht—he lives at No. 2, Catherine-street, in the parish of St. Anne, it is our dwelling-house. On the night of the 11th of February, my little girl told me something and I went out into the street—I saw no one, but I saw that some of the things had been taken from the shop window, and that the whole of the pane of glass had been taken out—the window was all in confusion—I had seen the scarf and the other articles mentioned safe about a quarter of an hour before, and the window was then safe—I sent a person round the corner and she came running back and fetched me—I went out and went round to a cart, which was round the corner in James's-street, two doors from our house—I found in the cart this scarf, these four petticoats, five frocks, and six pairs of stockings—(examining them)—they are all new, and are the property of my husband, they had been safe in the shop a quarter of an hour before the child came in—when I was in the street I saw the prisoner pass the turning, and Mr. Baker, who was with me, went up to him and said, "Is it you who can't keep your hands to yourself?"—the prisoner said, "I have not been doing any thing to-night"—MR. Baker brought him to the shop and sent for a policeman—while the prisoner was in the shop he leaned up against the counter, and the next morning when I was patting the shop to rights I found this knife (looking at it) under the gowns on the counter where he had leaned—the knife does not belong to me.

Cross-examined. Q. Had your window been broken before? A. Yes, a small piece out, and there was some paper behind it which was cut through with the knife—I had not been in my shop all the afternoon, but I served a gentleman with something not a quarter of an hour before—I was not in the shop during the remainder of the quarter of an hour—I did not see the prisoner till I saw him pass the end of the turning—he was not with the cart at that time—the cart was round the turning in a byplace.





MARY ANN GOLDSMITH
. I was in the prosecutor's shop when the little girl came in—I ran into the street, and saw the window was out—MRS. Fruchtnicht told me to go round the corner, which I did, and saw the prisoner, who had a flannel jacket on, in the act of putting things into the cart—I swear he is the person—I have no doubt of him—I walked up to him, and passed him, and looked in his face that I might know him again, but I could not take him, being by myself—he ran away from the cart, and I went after him—he did not see me when he put the things into the cart, but he did when he came from the cart—I afterwards took the things out of the cart, and gave them to Mrs. Fruchtnicht—they were her property—I had seen them before—I told what I had seen, and Mr. Baker went with us, and while we were in the public-house I heard a whistle—we came out, and saw the prisoner pass, and he was taken.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he run? A. Yes, he ran past the top of the

street—when he first came from the cart he ran, or walked sharply—when he was putting the things into the cart he was on the shafts or on the wheel, he was not in the cart—he did not see me then—he got down, and went towards the public-house at the corner of the street—I went after him, got past him, and looked at him—I had never seen him before—the paper in the window was hanging to the frame.





ROBERT EDWARDS
 (police-constable K 311.) I took the prisoner, and produce the property and this knife.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you told him what you took him for? A. Yes—he said, "Very well," he would go with me—in going along he said he knew nothing about it.




GUILTY.* Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.
