



1908. 




JAMES RICKSON
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the warehouse of 



Thomas Savage, on the 
18th of June, at 
St. Mary, Rotherhithe, and stealing therein, 1 clarionet, value 30s., the goods of 



Henry Mason Charlton.






ANN LOVELL
. I am the wife of William Lovell, and live in Flagonrow, Deptford. On the afternoon of the 18th of June, the prisoner came to our shop, and offered a clarionet for sale at 2s.—I was not aware of the value of it, and took it to Mr. Greenly's, the pawnbroker, to ask him the value—I told him what it was offered to me for, and in consequence of what passed I left it with him, and returned with his young man and a policeman—I found the prisoner in my shop, and he was taken into custody—I had only known him a few weeks—I had bought several articles of him—he said the clarionet was his own—the other articles he had said were his aunt's.





HENRY MASON CHARLTON
. This is my clarionet—I bought it in Cornhill for 2l. 12s. 6d.—I kept it locked in a chest of drawers in a warehouse belonging to Thomas Savage, my master, of which I had the key—it is in

the parish of St. Mary, Rothorhithe, there was no appearance of the door having been broken—they must have got in at the window, which had wooden bars up and down, and a shutter inside—I found it all pushed away, and a space through which a man could get—the drawers were forced open, and property gone, worth 20l. or 25l., consisting of wearing apparel, and other things—I have known the prisoner from a boy, and have seen him five or six times a day—I do not think I had seen the clarionet for six or seven years—when the policeman brought it to me, I thought it could not be mine, thinking I had got mine safe, but when I went to look, it was gone—every thing had been locked up, and enclosed, and I had never opened the drawers for six years—I go past the place every day, but had not been inside it for five weeks before—every thing was safe and secure then—the window is fifteen feet from the ground—the place was all locked up—the lower part is a brick building with iron bars—some of the things belonged to my sister, and when she died, I deposited them all in my master's warehouse, with things of my own as well—they were gone also.





BENJAMIN HASELDINE
. I am a pawnbroker. Mrs. Lovell brought this clarionet to me—I gave it to the policeman.





GEORGE JAMES HOULDRIGHT
 (police-constable R 116.) I received he clarionet from Haseldine, at Mrs. Lovell's, and took the prisoner into custody—he said he had bought it in the Borough three years ago, for 7s. 6d.—I have examined the warehouse where this was taken from, and found marks on the boarding under one of the windows—the window had the appearance of having been forced—the locks of the chest of drawers were broken out, and the backs of the drawers broken in.




GUILTY
.* Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

