




2154. 




CHARLES GREEN
 and 




FRANCES GREEN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
26th of June, at 
St. Andrew, Holborn, 1 gown, value 6l.; 2 shawls, value 5l.; 1 pair of breeches, value 1l. 8s.; 1 waistcoat, value 7s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 8s.; 1 pincushion, value 2s.; and 1 brooch, value 1l.; the goods of 



Charles James Aistrop, in his dwelling-house: and that 



Charles Green had been before convicted of felony.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






ANN AISTROP
.—I am the wife of Charles John Aistrop, who keeps the King's Arms public-house, Gray's Inn-lane, in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn. On Friday evening, the 26th of June, I had been out, and when I came home I desired my niece to take my bonnet and shawl up stairs—I went up to bed between eleven and twelve o'clock that night—my bed-room is on the second floor, over the parlour—it was not locked—the room under mine is used as a parlour for the customers—when I got up I found my bonnet on the drawer, but no shawl there—I did not particularly look any further that night, but next morning I looked

about more particularly, and missed from the drawers a pin-cushion, the shawl, and a garnet and pearl brooch, with one stone out—I looked into a large chest, which I do not often go to, and missed a large green silk dress, and cape, and a white crape shawl, and out of the drawer a pair of kerseymere small clothes, a waistcoat and two silk handkerchiefs—one shawl is worth three guineas—the value of all the articles is 4l. at least—I gave information, and was shown some of the articles on the following Monday—I had seen the male prisoner several times at our house—he used to come two or three times a week—I saw him there that evening, about half-past seven o'clock, and a female with him—I saw him go out of the house about ten o'clock—there was a female waiting up stairs in the parlour for him—I passed the parlour as I went up stairs, and could see the female in it, but could not identify her.

Charles Green. Q. At what hour did you discover the robbery? A. When I went to bed between eleven and twelve o'clock, my shawl was not there—I did not communicate it to any body that night—I thought the servant might have put the shawl away—I saw you go out with a bundle, but I had not the slightest suspicion of being robbed—when I missed the property in the morning I did not suspect you.





JOHN MILLS
. I am barman to Mr. Aistrop. On the 26th of June I had been five weeks in his service—on the evening of the robbery I saw the two prisoners in the back-parlour, up one pair of stairs—I saw them come to the house between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, and served them myself with a glass of gin and water—I retired down stairs to the bar, and the man passed the bar while I was in it, going out at the front-door—I did not observe any bundle with him—I saw them go away about ten o'clock, or soon after, together—I had seen them in the house two or three times before.

Charles Green. Q. What quantity of gin and water did you supply? A. One glass—you ordered it—there were no other persons in the room besides you—I had a full view of your faces and persons—I first heard of the robbery next morning—I suspected you, as there were no other persons in the room—there was company in the front-room during the evening, but not before you left the back-room—I was examined at the police-office, and pointed you out from other prisoners.





WILLIAM HENRY LIMLEY
. I am shopman to William Dicker, Church-place, Lambeth Marsh. I produce a handkerchief, a gown, a shawl, and a pair of socks, all pawned at our shop on the evening of the 27th of June—one was pawned about nine o'clock by a female, in the name of Mary Green, and the other in the name of Ann Green—I cannot say whether they were pawned by the same person—I do not know the person.





MARY ANN NIXON
. I am the wife of Joseph Nixon, a carpenter in Field-lane. I have known the female prisoner two years last June—on Saturday, the 27th of June, at five o'clock in the evening, she brought some pieces of velvet to my house for me to make her a bonnet—they appeared to be pieces of a crape—I agreed to make her the bonnet—she left them with me—I afterwards gave them up to Shackell the inspector.





JOSEPH SHACKELL
. I am a police-inspector. In consequence of information on Monday morning, the 29th of June, I went to No. 4, Whiting-street, Waterloo-road, with Kershaw—I found the street door ajar—I went to the back-room, first floor, and knocked at the door—the male

prisoner opened it—he was in his night-shirt—I told him I had come there about a robbery in Pentonville, showing him a bill at the same time—the female prisoner was sitting up in bed—I told them to dress, and they must go with me—on a chair, by the side of the bed, I saw some things lying—I found this green silk gown on the chair—I asked the woman who it belonged to—she said to herself—I asked who this shawl belonged to—she said it was her own—I asked the man who these trowsers belonged to—he said they belonged to him, and this waistcoat he also said was his—I asked him whose brooch this was on the mantel-piece—the female said it was hers—I found this handkerchief there—I do not recollect any thing being said about it—on the mantel-piece I found a duplicate for a gown, a shawl, and a pair of socks, pawned for 9s., on the 27th of June, at Dicker's; and in a small gallipot, among other tickets, was one for a handkerchief pawned on the 27th of June for 1s. 6d.—I received this velvet from Nixon—it is the cape of a silk dress—I found in the room a. bunch of keys, some of them pick-locks, a chisel, a knife, three small files, and a screw.

Charles Green. Q. When you entered the room what did you represent as your mission to me? A. I had come to apprehend you for a robbery at Pentonville—I suspected you of committing it, or I should not have come there—I did not open the street door with a string, I found it ajar—I did not begin to ask you a variety of questions the moment I came in—to the best of my belief I took the brooch off the mantel-piece—I am certain I did not take it out of a waistcoat-pocket—I found the skeleton keys hanging up in the cupboard—I did not ask the female any questions about her relatives until she told me the gown belonged to her mother, I asked where her mother lived, and her name, and she said, "Nixon, 2, Field-lane"—she did not appear drowsy, as if just awake—she asked if she was to go with me, and I said "Yes"—I did not elicit these answers from her to criminate herself—I told you both I did not want you to say any thing—three of these keys are skeleton ones—on our road to the station-house you pointed out a man going along the street, who I knew, and told me to take him into custody, but I had you two in custody at the same time, and could not.

Q. Are you aware, when the female called from the cab window to that man, what he did; did be run away? A. I do not know—I saw him within two hours after—he did not wait at the station-house for the purpose of accompanying me to the house I had taken you from—he did not go there with, me—he was seen there with me afterwards, which I will explain—when you were taken I told Kershaw it was requisite to go and search again—we went, and while we were in the room this man came there to the door, I said, "Whoever it is, let him in," and I found it was the same man, but there was no evidence against him—when I was gaoler of Bow-street, six years ago, the prostitute that man was living with was locked up occasionally, and he was in the habit of coming backwards and forwards to her—I knew him by that.





JOHN KERSHAW
 I am a policeman. I was with Shackell—he has given a correct account.

MRS. NIXON. re-examined. These are the pieces of velvet I gave the officer—I am not the mother of the female prisoner, nor at all related to her.





ANN AISTROP

re-examined. All these things are mine—the velvet is the cape of this dress—they were all safe on the premises that day.

(The prisoner, Charles Green, in an exceedingly long address, stated that he was by trade a dealer in wearing apparel, by which means he became acquainted with a man named Stewart, in whom he placed the greatest confidence, but haning refused to lend him money, he (the prisoner) supposed had excited his resentment; that he had purchased some of the stolen articles of Stewart in the way of business, together with other property, afterwards found to be stolen, some of which he (the prisoner) had given to the female prisoner, with whom he cohabited, and some he had sent her to pledge; that Stewart, in order to gratify his revenge, had placed the other articles in his room, which were found, and then given information to the police; that the skeleton keys did not belong to him, but must have been placed on the bunch by Stewart, for the purpose of strengthening the suspicion, as also the file; that as they were being taken to the station-house, he pointed out Stewart to the officer, who, for some reason, declined taking him; and that the barman did not identify them at the office until they were pointed out to him.)





WILLIAM M'LINNAN
. I am a City policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner Charles Green's former conviction—(read)—I was present at his trial, and know him to be the person named in the certificate.

CHARLES GREEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Life.

FRANCES GREEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
(There were six other indictments against the prisoners.)

Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

