



2265. 




WILLIAM BURT
 was indicted

 for embezzlement.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM THOMAS RESTALL
. I am clerk to the churchwardens and vestrymen of the united parish of St. Margaret, Westminster, and St. John the Evangelist, Westminster. Mr. William Bent is one of them, and there are others—they are governors of the poor—the prisoner was employed by them as collector of the poor-rates—he has been so for many years—I have the poor-rate book here for the year 1843—the rate is made annually, and collected in three instalments—it was the regular course of business to give the prisoner a copy of the rate for the purpose of his carrying it in his pocket to go about to collect the rate—that was done with respect to the rate for 1843—I saw him with the book in his possession, and there were always blank printed forms of receipts given him to give to the parties who paid the rates—it was his duty to pay the money he received to the bankers—here is the printed account of the rules and regulations—it is printed in the head of the book which is given him to collect with—I have here the book in which it was his custom to enter the sums he received in the course of each week—the week ending on the 4th of May last, is the last account which he rendered to me—here is the account of what he charged himself with having received in the preceding week—it was his duty to render that account to me every week, and he did so every week; and upon my checking it with his account, it was his custom to pay the money into the bankers'; and then it was his duty to bring me the receipt from the bankers', to show that he had paid it in—on the week ending the 4th of May, he charges himself with having received 93l.; 14s. 3d.—he brought that account to me on Monday the 6th of May—he did not bring me a receipt showing that he had paid this amount into the banker's—in consequence of that, I went in pursuance of directions, and saw the prisoner at his house on Tuesday, the 7th of May—I asked him the reason this money had not been paid in—he hesitated some time, and then said he had not paid it in—I then said, "Is that all, is there nothing else; there are some large amounts outstanding; have any of these been received?"—he said, "They have"—he came to me on the following evening, and dictated to me a list of the sums in which he was a defaulter—the sums which he had received, and not accounted for—they amounted to 538l.; 10s. 6d.—that included the 94l.;

Q. Turn to his account which should contain any sum received by him on the 18th of Dec, do you find in that an account of the receipt of 2l.; 12s. 6d. from Mr. Smith? A. No—there is no such entry as "Smith 2l.; 12s. 6d."—in the statement he dictated to me of the sums in which he was a defaulter I find "Smith, 2l.; 12s. 6d."entered—in the week in which the receipts of the 20th of March ought to be included here is "Mr. Fulford, 1l.; 2s. 6d., for a rate received on 20th March, due at Michaelmas," but there is no entry for the rate due at Christmas—this is the only entry in his account of Fulford, but in the account he dictated to me of his deficiencies Fulford's account is not brought in at all—there is no entry in his account of 2l.; 12s. 6d. received from Smith on the 25th of March, but in the account which he dictated of his

deficiencies here is "Smith, 2l.; 12s. 6d." as money he had received and not accounted for—I have seen the prisoner write and know his handwriting—I believe these receipts of Mr. Smith and Mr. Fulford's are the prisoner's writing.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you, on the 7th of May, take the prisoner's books away? A. Yes—he had no access to them between the 7th and the 8th of May—on the 8th he went through his books with me and pointed out these defalcations, and among them is "2l.; 12s. 6d. received of Mr. Smith on 18th Dec."—I did not mention Mr. Fulford's name to him, nor he to me—the sum he charged himself with was 93l.; 14s. 3d. which he had received the week before—I compared it with the books, and that is the amount.

MR. BODKIN. Q. This 1l.; 2s. 6d. put down to Fulford is up to Michaelmas? A. Yes—I have looked through all the books since this matter has transpired several times, and the Christmas account of Mr. Fulford has never been brought to account—the prisoner was paid by a poundage.





HENRY FULFORD
. I am one of the rate-payers of the parishes of St. Margaret's and St. John the Evangelist, Westminster—here is a receipt for 1l.; 2s. 6d. for the Christmas instalment of poor-rate which I paid on the 20th of March.





ALFRED TAYLOR
. I am clerk of the police-court, Queen-square—I took the depositions in the presence of the prisoner on this charge—after the deposition of Mr. Restall had been taken the prisoner was asked if he wished to say anything, and I took down what he said—this is the statement he made—(reads)—"I am afraid it is too true."
(Mr. Bushell, of Dartmouth-street; Isaiah Sargent, a tin-plate worker; Mr. Ayton, a coal-merchant, of Clapham; William Ascourt, a butcher; Richard Tucker, a veterinary surgeon; James Edsall, a builder; William Simmonds, a builder; William Smith, an upholsterer; and John Wright, a grocer and cheesemonger, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 55.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury on account of his character.

—


Transported for Seven Years.

