



1613. 




RICHARD RYAN
was indicted

for stealing, on the 
29th of July, 1 watch, value 3l. 10s.; 2 seals, value 1l. 6s.; 1 watch-key, value 4s.; 1 split-ring, value 3d.; and 1 watch-ribbon, value 1d., the goods of 



Jeremiah Lynch, from his person.






JERMIAH LYNCH.
I am a labourer. I was at the Inverness Arms public-house at the latter end of July last—I saw the prisoner in the tap-room in the morning—I had slept there that night—he asked me what o'clock it was—I took out my watch—he said, "I should like to have that watch, it is a handsome watch, I would give a sovereign for it"—I afterwards went to a friend's house, the prisoner followed me and my wife and two females—we afterwards went to another public-house—the prisoner sat on one side of me, and my wife and another woman on the other side—I was fatigued after a long journey, so I put my hand to my head, laid down and went to sleep—when I awoke, the prisoner and my watch were gone—I spoke about it—he was taken the next morning in the same public-house where I had met him first, but my watch was not found—he was remanded twice and then discharged—he was afterwards taken again, and my watch was found at the pawnbroker's—this is it—(looking at it)—the two seals were gold, but they are gone—I had had the watch nine or ten years—I am sure it is mine.





MICHAEL TWOMEY
(police-constable H72.) I took the prisoner on the 27th of May, on another charge, and found on him some duplicates, one of which was for a silver watch—I heard that nine months previous he had been taken for stealing a watch—I went to Greenwich and found the watch—this is the duplicate of it.





EDWARD CURTIS.
I live at Mr. Nash's, a pawnbroker in London-street, Greenwich. On the 12th of August I took this watch in pledge, but I cannot say of whom—this is the duplicate that was given to the person who pawned it.

Prisoner's Defence. I found the ticket of the watch, and 5s. in a purse.




GUILTY.Aged 25.—


Transported for Fifteen Years

(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)
