





838. 




THOMAS DUFF,



 THOMAS ANDERSON
, and 




WILLIAM ELSOM
, were indicted for

feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Joseph Law, on the 
10th of February, at 
Christ Church, and stealing therein, 1 pair of boots, value 4s. 6d. the goods of 



Joseph Law, the younger.







JOSEPH LAW, JUN
. I live in Brown's-lanc, in the parish of Christ Church—I occupy the shop and parlour only, which communicate with each other—I do not rent the whole house—there are several lodgers—my father is the landlord—he does not live in the house. On the 10th of February, at eight o'clock in the evening, I was at home, and heard a noise outside—I went out, and found the policeman, Trew, with the prisoner Duff in custody—I saw two or three other policeman with the other prisoners, but not sufficient to notice them—Trew had one boot in his hand—I had seen that in the afternoon in my shop window, in the second pane from the crack—my attention was drawn to the window, and I found a piece of glass out sufficient for a hand to be put through—it had been cracked for a month or six weeks before, but there was no hole in it before that evening—when I saw the boots in the window that afternoon there was no aperture in the glass—the piece of glass was puttied all round to keep it in—the boot was not above three or four inches from the broken pane—it was tied to the fellow one with a string, which was cut or broken—I did not see the fellow boot till I got to the station—when I came from the station I found both the boots were gone.





GEORGE TREW
 (police-constable H 125.) On the night of the 10th of February, about half-past seven o'clock, I was on duty in Wheeler-street, Spitalfields, and saw the three prisoners—I suspected and followed them—they were in deep conversation together, and were looking into several shops—they went along Lamb-street into Brown's-lane, all three together—I saw them all three go up to the prosecutor's shop window, and stand there nearly half an hour altogether—when they had been there about ten minutes I passed them, and saw them all three close to the window—I went round Brick-lane, returned, and saw them still there, and saw Duff in in the act of picking some putty out of the glass with a knife or something—the two others were one on each side of him—I ran to the station, which was close by, and got two constables to come with me—when we came back we seized the prisoners—Duff had a boot in his hand, which he dropped—I caught Elsom and Anderson first, and gave them to the other constable—Duff at that time was standing two or three yards down a court—I collared him, and he threw the boot down—I saw it go out of his hand—I also heard something drop at his feet, which I found to be a knife open—I took up the boot about a yard and half or two yards from him—I saw a piece of glass was picked out of the window—I saw Cotton take another boot out of the window, which was projecting three parts through the hole—I compared it with the other boot—it appeared to be the fellow, and the rest of the string was on it where it had been cut—there was a piece of string on each—both boots were taken to the station.





HENRY COTTON
. I am a policeman. Trew fetched me into Brown's-lane, and I saw the three prisoners at the prosecutor's window—they shifted from there to the corner of the court—Trew ran over, and took hold of two of them, and gave Anderson into my hand—I saw Duff throw something from his hand, and said, "There it is, George"—he went and picked it up—it proved to be a boot—I found the glass cut, and a boot sticking with the heel part outside the broken part—I took it out—I saw Trew find a knife close by Duff, immediately after he was stopped.

Duff Defence. I did not do any such thing; we were not together; I do not know the others.


Elsom's Defence. I was going home; I had got about four yards past these two boys, when a man ran across the road and collared me.
(Elsom received a good character.)

DUFF*—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Ten Years.

ANDERSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—



Confined Three Months.

ELSOM—



GUILTY. Aged 16.—Recommended to mercy.—



Confined Three Months.
