




2345. 




JOHN GILL
 and 




ABRAHAM DANSEY
 were indicted for

 stealing 8 yards of moleskin table-covering, value 1l.; 1s., the goods of 



John Taylor.






JOHN TAYLOR
. I am an upholsterer, and live in St. John-street-road. On the 14th of April, between eight and nine o'clock, I had a moleskin tablecovering safe inside my shop—on Monday, the 16th, it was brought back by the officer—this is it—it is mine.





HENRY TURPINE
 (police-constable G 119.) About ten o'clock, on the 14th of Sept., I was on duty, and saw the prisoners in Middle-row—Gill had this table-cover, wrapped up, partly in a bag and partly out—I followed them—they ran away—I ran about 200 yards, and Gill dropped this.

Dansey. Q. How can you swear that you know me? A. I saw you both—I have seen you together repeatedly.





JOSEPH STEWART
. I am twelve years old—I was coming up Baltic-street, and saw both the prisoners running—Gill had this cover in his hands—they ran, and nearly knocked me down—I am sure that Dansey is the young man who was with him.

Dansey. You said on Monday morning you did not know me. Witness. I know you and I know Gill—I have seen you before—I did not know

your name at the station—they asked me which one it was, and I told them.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-sergeant G 20.) I received information, and went to Gill's lodging, in Bunhill-court—I told him I wanted him, that he answered the description of a person who had effected his escape on Saturday night—he said, "Don't say anything here, for God's sake"—I said, "I suppose Brown was with you"—he said, "No, he was not, it is quite useless to deny it"—he told me another name, and I went after Dansey—I told him he must consider himself in custody for stealing a piece of oil-cloth with Gill on the Saturday night—he said he had not seen him, and after that, he said he had been playing at skittles with him at the City of Chester public-house—a the station, Gill said, "I suppose we shall get off with seven years at the ship, or the Isle of Wight?"

Gill. I was in the City of Chester, playing from ten till twelve o'clock.

Dansey. I left home about seven o'clock; I went to the Feathers, and played at skittles, and was there till past ten, and then I went to the City of Chester, and saw Dansey there, playing at skittles.

GILL*—


GUILTY
. Aged 12.

DANSEY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.





Transported for Seven Years.

