



2396. 




MICHAEL SAVAGE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 30th ofAugust, 19 spoons, value 8l.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 12s.; and 1 ladle, value 10s.; the goods of 


Thomas Hedge, in his dwelling-house.







JOHN NELSON PIPER
 (police-constable B 154.) On the 30th of August, between one and two o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner about the garden-gate of No. 39, Vincent-square, in company with another lad—he went in at the gate—I waited, and they came out in about ten minutes—I saw the prisoner put his hands to his trowsers' pockets—I said I wanted to speak to him—he immediately ran off—I pursued and took him back to the garden, searched him, and found the whole of the plate now produced on him—the only remark he made was, that I did not see him get in—the house is in the parish of St. John the Evangelist.

Cross-examined by
MR. CARTEEN. Q. What became of the other boy? A. He ran off—he was rather older than the prisoner.





ANN HARRISON
. I am servant to Thomas Hedge, of No. 30, Vincent-square, in the parish of St. John the Evangelist. This plate belongs to him—I had seen it safe half an hour before, in a drawer in the store-room, which is even with the hall—I had left the window a little open to admit the air-nobody could get in without further raising the sash—I found it quite up to the top when the prisoner was taken.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know your master's name? A. He told me his Christian name when he engaged me—I know the plate by the mark—I have heard people mention the name of the parish—there was nobody in the house besides me—the family were from town—the window was not sufficiently open for any body to get in without opening it further—I heard the front door open just before the alarm—there were foot-marks of somebody getting in at the window—the pawnbroker offered to give 9l. 10s. for the plate.
(Stephen Cockrell, of Chapel-street, Westminster, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
.† Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.
