



374. 




JOHN THOMAS
 was indicted

for uttering counterfeit coin, having been previously convicted of a like offence.


MESSRS. ELLIS and DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to the Mint. I produce

an examined copy of the record of the prisoner's former conviction—it is a true copy—(read—Convicted 16th Sept., 1844, and confined one year.)





RICHARD NEELD
 (police-sergeant S 3.) I was present at the prisoner's trial in Sept., 1844—I am positive he is the person.





THOMAS HENRY TARLTON
. I am secretary to the Young Men's Christian Association, in Sergeant's-inn, Fleet-street. On Saturday, the 13th of Dec, about one o'clock, the prisoner came to our office to purchase three tickets of admission to a course of lectures then in process of delivery to young men—I told him they were 1s. each—he asked first if they were any price at all, and when I informed him the price, he asked if I could give him change for a sovereign—I said, "Yes," and put the change, 17s., on the desk—he drew an apparent sovereign out of his pocket, folded up in paper—I found it was counterfeit, and charged him with having tendered me a base sovereign—he denied all knowledge of its being base, and said his master, a bookseller, at Hackney, had given it to him—I told him unless he could give me evidence that he had been sent by the party he named, I should detain him till I sent for a policeman—he did not, and a policeman was fetched—he then acknowledged the sovereign was bad—I delivered it to Noble, the policeman.





ISAAC NOBLE
 (City police-constable No. 318.) I was called to Sergeant's-inn, on the 13th of Dec., and the prisoner was given into my custody by Mr. Tarlton, from whom I received this bad sovereign—I searched the prisoner, and found on him some pamphlets, two good shillings, and three halfpence, but no other bad money.





FREDERICK WILLIAM LARGE
. I am errand-boy at the Marylebone Literary Institution. On the 3rd of Dec. last I saw the prisoner at the library of the Institution—he asked me for a ticket for Mr. Russell's entertainments, the price of which was 2s.—he gave me a counterfeit half-sovereign—I saw at once that it was bad—I took it to Mr. Bingley, the secretary, and by his direction, went for a policeman—I left the half-sovereign with him, after making a mark on it—I found Doherty, the policeman, who came and took the prisoner into custody—on my return Mr. Bingley gave me the same halfsovereign I had given him, and I gave it to Doherty—the prisoner was taken before a Magistrate the following morning, and discharged.





JAMES BINGLEY
. On the 3rd of Dec. I received a half-sovereign from Large—I remarked that it was bad—I retained it in my possession a short time, and then gave it back to him—I am sure I gave him the one I got from him.





JAMES DOHERTY
 (police-constable D 51.) On the 3rd of Dec. I took the prisoner into custody at the Institution—I received from Large a counterfeit half-sovereign, which I took to the station, and gave it to sergeant Sheppy—he returned it to me on the 17th of Dec., and I produce it.

Prisoner. Q. You and Large were absent from the station two or three minutes by the advice of the inspector, where did you go to? A. To a public-house on the other side of Oxford-street, to weigh it—the landlady weighed it, and it was not weight at all.





THOMAS SHEPPEY
 (police-sergeant D 19.) I received a counterfeit halfsovereign from Doherty, on the 3rd of Dec.—I put it into the desk along with other counterfeit coin, but am certain there was no other half-sovereign—I returned it to Doherty on the 17th of Dec.—I can swear I gave him the same I received from him.





WILLIAM WOOD
. I am schoolmaster to the Society for teaching the blind, in Queen-square, Bloomsbury. On the 11th of Dec. last the prisoner came to the Society's premises there for a report, and he purchased an embossed copy of the Acts of the Apostles—the cost of that is 3s. 9d. to a bookseller,

and I charged him that, as he said he came from Mr. Williams, a bookseller—he tendered a sovereign in payment—I said it felt rather curious—it was very smooth—I struck it on the desk, and asked a blind boy close by me what it sounded like—he said, in the prisoner's presence, that it was a shilling—I then compared it with a shilling, and finding it was not a shilling gilt, I felt more convinced of its goodness, and gave the prisoner 16s. 6d. change, and he gave me 3d.—I packed the book up in brown paper, at his request, tied it, and wrote the name of Williams on it, with the selling price—I placed the sovereign in a tin-box which I have for the purpose—there was one other sovereign in it, which was very bright and sharp in the impression—it was decidedly a good one, and very different from the one I took from the prisoner—it remained in the tin box till about half-past one next day—I then gave it to Malcolm, who guides our pupils, to take to change—I am quite certain I gave him the sovereign the prisoner gave me—I was not certain of it at the time, till Malcolm came back, and then I looked into the tin box, and found the bright one still there—the one I had given Malcolm was very dull, and very smooth, and the other was very bright and sharp—I took it to the solicitor of the Mint, on the 22nd—I kept possession of it, and produce it now—I have kept it entirely separate from other money since.





JOHN MALCOLM
. On the 12th of Dec. last, I received from Mr. Wood a piece which I considered was a sovereign, but I never looked at it—I took it to a shop to get change, and when I threw it on the counter the man told me it was bad—I returned it to Mr. Wood—I am positive I returned him the same piece I got from him, for it was never out of my sight.

Prisoner. Q. By what means do you know it to be the same? A. I had no other sovereign, and only two sixpences—I had nothing of that kind or colour about me.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to Her Majesty's Mint, and have been so many years. This half-sovereign first produced, is counterfeit—the first sovereign produced is counterfeit, and the second also, and both have been cast in the same mould—they are precisely alike in all respects.

Prisoner. Q. Why do you state that? A. I have examined them both very accurately, and I have no doubt whatever they were produced from the same mould—there is an identical mark about each sovereign—at the front of the neck there is a small projection which should not be in a good one, and if the Jury look at the other, and compare them together, they will find the same identical mark there—it is an Accidental mark in the mould itself—the two correspond exactly—there are several other things about them.

Prisoner. In the expectation of being found guilty, I hope to receive the mercy of the Court.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Wightman.

