




146. 



CHARLES BROWN



, stealing 42lbs. weight of lead, value 3s. 6d.; the goods of 



Thomas Parker, fixed to a building; and 




JESSE JONES



 feloniously receiving the same.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS LOCKERBY
 (policeman, S 180). On Saturday night, 18th Nov., I saw Brown in Southampton-street, carrying something—I followed him, and saw him put it over some railings into an area at the end of Jones's house—there are several boards placed right across the area—there is no window, but a door in the basement into the area—it can be seen by day-light—it is generally kept shut—I lifted up what Brown had placed on the boards, and found it was lead—Brown had then gone into Churchway, which is the front way to Jones's house—I concealed myself for a few minutes, and Brown came out of the front door into Churchway, took the lead, and pnt it through the railings cm to another board a little lower down the area—I took hold of him, and asked what he had got, he said, "Nothing particular, only a parcel I brought for Mr. Jones; wait a minute, Mr. Jones will be here for it"—at that instant Jones opened the little door and came into the area—the lead was about as high as his breast—he took hold of one end of it—I caught the other end and said, "Stop. I will take that"—Brown said, "That is your property, is it not, Mr. Jones?"—Jones looked up and saw me; he knew me—he had seen me before, and he said, "No," I think, I will not be positive—I took Brown and the lead to the station—I came back to Jones's shop and said to him, "Well, what about this lead?"—he said, "Well, I had not it"—I said, "I shall take you into custody for receiving the lead, knowing it was stolen"—he said, "It was never in my shop"—I said, "No, but on your premises, and in your possession"—he said, "You never saw me pay for the lead"—I said, "No, I did not"—I found a half-crown and a shilling on Brown—I asked him where he got that from—he said he had earned if at a penny or twopence a time—I said I thought it was money he had received for the lead—he said, "No," and he had never taken anything to Jones's shop before—at the Police-court Jones told me he had a good mind to cut—he said, "I would have come back again on Monday morning; I thought you would come for me; you need not say I received the lead; I should not mind giving you a pound or two;" and then his wife said, in his presence, "I will give you 3l. "—this was in the Police-court passage—I took tins lead to a place belonging to Mr. Baker, in South

Crescent-mews—I compared it with the lead on the wall there—it matched exactly—I tried it on three or four places—there was a great quantity of lead stolen from there—I found this catch there.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. How long has Jones had that shop? A. About two years—I did not search the place afterwards—I did not see pieces of board in the area—a little door opens into the area—he did not take anything out of the area.





THOMAS PARKER
. I saw this lead fitted by Lockerby on my wall—it fitted exactly.

Cross-examined. Q. Who are you tenant to? A. To Mr. Cleverton—I am a cab proprietor—I keep my horses there—I have one partner—I have lived in those premises nearly two years—Mr. Graham is not partner in those premises—he has nothing to do with my stable at all—he keeps his horse in his own stable—the cabs do not belong to him.





WILLIAM JOHN BROWN
 (policeman, S 67). I was in, the passage of the police-court when the prisoners were there—I heard Jones say to Lockerby, "I had a great mind to cut it on Saturday night; I thought you would come for me, as it was such a long time to lie in the cell till Monday"—he said to me, "I should not mind spending 2l. or 3l. with such a man as you or Lockerby, and have nothing more to do with the case"—he said he knew nothing of Brown before.

Brown's Defence. The lead was given me in Seymour-street—the greater part of the money I had was given me by my father.

Witness for the Defence.






WILLIAM ELLIOTT
. I live in Sidmouth-street, Gray's-inn-road—I have known Jones for the last four or five years—I was in his shop on that Saturday evening between six and seven o'clock—Brown-came in—he had nothing with him—he asked Jones if he would buy a piece of lead—Jones said, "No"—Brown went out of the shop—after he was gone a man came in and said, "What do you want for two pieces of board outside—he went outside—the boards came to 7d.—the man gave Jones 1s.—he gave the child the shilling to get change—I did not see the policeman take Brown.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did you see Jones go in the area? A. No; he went out with the other man to look at these boards—I did not see Jones and the officer talking together—Jones came back to the shop—he did not tell me that an officer had been asking him whether some lead belonged to him, or had been taking some from the area—the boards were over the area outside—there were two pieces on the stage or platform—I have worked for Jones for the last eight months—Brown had been gone about three minutes before the man came into the shop—I remained in the shop about five minutes after the man was gone—the shop door is towards Church way.

BROWN—


GUILTY
.—



Confined Three Months.


JONES—


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

