





1907. 




JOHN COLLINS
 and 




JAMES BROWN
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Lawrence, about the hour of one in the night of the 
19th of June, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 sack, value 1s.; 2 coal-scuttles, value 2l. 10s.; 1 scoop, value 4s.; 2 kettles, value 10s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 3s.; 1 towel, value 1s. 1 flat-iron, value 6d.; 3/4lb. weight of soap, value 6d.; and 2 table-cloths, value 10s.; the goods of said 



James Lawrence.






ANN LAWRENCE
. I am the wife of James Lawrence, and live at No. 9, Garden-place, Peckham; we occupy the whole house, and let apartments. On Saturday morning, the 20th of June, upon getting up and opening the kitchen-door I perceived the cellar-flap open, and a rushlight lying on the coals—I missed a sack, which we wiped our feet on, and the other articles stated, all from the cellar, which is under the parlour, and is part of the house—I had seen the articles safe at a quarter-past ten o'clock the evening before—they were worth between 4l. and 5l.—the flap was shut at a quarter-past nine—it is kept down by its own weight——I am not sure that it was bolted, but I know it was shut—there is a door at the top of the cellar stairs, by which we go into the cellar—that was bolted over night, and I found it in the same state in the morning, but the sack, and several things which had been close to that door on the stairs, were taken away—the persons must have got down the cellar-flap, which is in the back-garden—they could then get into the cellar, and into the rest of the house, but for the door at the top of the cellar-stairs, which was bolted—I discovered this at six o'clock, as near as possible—I am not sure whether it had gone six o'clock or not—I rather think it had—I afterwards saw the spot where the things were found—it is about half a mile from our house—I do not think the articles could have been removed that distance after I got up—it would not take, five minutes to remove them.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. How many lodgers have you? A. I have one lady and a lady and gentleman—they occupy different apartments—there was nothing of theirs in the cellar—they had the use of the cellar if they chose—the flap was always open in the day-time, to let air and light in—I always had it abut at dusk—I generally shut it myself, or else my little girl did—she is ten years old—I shut it down about nine o'clock that night—I do not know whether it fastened itself or not, but the bolt goes easily, and drops into its place, if the flap is let down heavily—my little girl sometimes opens it, the lodgers have nothing to do with it—after nine o'clock we have no occasion to go into the cellar—my little girl goes to bed about ten o'clock—the rushlight I found was burned about an inch—I had not left it in that state—it had been cut from a lot which were hanging at the top of the cellar stairs.





WILLIAM COTTON
 (police-constable P 62.) I was called to the house of Mr. Cook, whose premises adjoin Mr. Lawrence's, in Peckham-lane—I afterwards examined Mr. Lawrence's premises, and followed the traces of foot-marks across Mr. Cook's premises, across some fields, leading to the Asylum-road—the traces led me up to a hedge alongside the road, in which I found two copper coal-scuttles, a copper scoop, two kettles, one pair of shoes, a towel, a coat, and a flat-iron—they were on the field side of the hedge—I did not lose the traces on the road, as it was all across garden-ground—I got the assistance of Hall, another constable, and we hid ourselves behind a hedge on the opposite side of the road—about nine o'clock the prisoners came with a truck—Brown got down into the

ditch, drew the things through the hedge, and handed them to Collins, who put them into the truck in this bag—we then came over the hedge—I took Collins into custody, and Hall took Brown—we took them and the property to the station-house—Collins said he saw the things in the hedge, and thought he might as well take them away as any one else—we had been concealed about two hours and a half—the property was deposited in two different places—one parcel a person might see from the road-side, and I cut a bough and put before it, so that no one might see them from the road—they were not visible from the road, from that time till the prisoners came up—they brought the truck on the road side, and pulled the things through the hedge—they did not go into the field to get them.

Cross-examined. Q. What sort of a bough was it you put there? A. A small branch, which I cut from another part of the hedge—it would not cover all the things, as they were not all in one place—there were some in another place which it was not necessary to cover—I left them as they were—they were within two or three yards of the other, it was an elder-hedge—the tracks led me to the spot—I was on the field side, and walked along the hedge—I discovered them about half-past six o'clock—the prisoners brought the truck on the high road, about nine o'clock, or a little after.





WILLIAM HALL
 (police-constable P 78.) I was called by Cotton on the morning in question. I took Brown into custody, and afterwards went back to the place, and found this tea-kettle in the same spot where the other property was—I searched Collins at the station-house, and found a lucifer-box on him, and a piece of wire, which is bright at one end.

Brown's Defence. I was coming along with the truck, and saw the things through the hedge, and said, "Here is something;" I pulled them through, and said, "What shall we do with them." Collins said, "Suppose we go and take them to some policeman." I said we would—we looked further, and saw another lot; I was pulling that out when the policeman came, caught hold of me, and took us to the station-house for stealing them.

COLLINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 34.

BROWN—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.




Transported for Ten Years.
(There were two other indictments against the prisoners.)
