



20. 




JOSEPH GOSLING
. was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of November, 1 half-crown, 4 shillings, 5 sixpences, and 12 halfpence, the monies of 



Edward Austin; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






EDWARD AUSTIN
. On the 23rd of October, as I was returning home in the evening, I saw two boys near my shop window, which lies back two or three yards from the pavement—one of them went into the shop—I followed, and as I went up to the shop, I saw a young man, who to the best of my belief, was the prisoner, coming down the steps—I was dusk—I met my sister at the door, who said the till had been robbed—I tried to pursue the young man, but missed him—I caught Biggins, who was one of those who were looking into the shop, and took Him back—my said he had been there about twenty minutes previously, to know if I wanted any one to work for me—there was about 10s. or 15s. in the till.





RICHARD HILL
. I am a police-constable. I took Biggins—he stated something to me—I found the prisoner's cap in Biggin's pocket—I had frequently seen the prisoner wear it—I afterwards found him in the skittle-ground at the Marquis of Granby public-house—when he got outside, he said he knew what I wanted him for—in going to the station-house he said he had sixpence and three penny pieces, which I took out of his hand—at the station-house I took 6d. out of his pocket, and 4s. 6d. he spat out of his mouth on the table, and said, "There is some more of it."





WILLIAM BIGGINS
. I know the prisoner. On the 23rd of October I saw him and a person named May—we were coming home—they persuaded me to go into the shop to see if they wanted a young man to work, which I did—then Gosling went in and took the money out of the till—I was standing on the path when he went in, and could see into the shop—May and I were looking in—I had a hat on—I had a cap in my pocket which I had from the prisoner, and I lent him mine, as he said it was warmer—that was about an hour and a half before—I don't know how the prisoner came to go into the shop—we had not talked about it before—I did not

know what he went in for—I saw him in the shop, kneeling down, and saw him draw the till out with his hands.

Prisoner. Q. How far were you from the shop, when you say I crawled in? A. We were standing against the iron railing—I and May both saw you—it was dark—there was another man went into the shop—I could see you through the window.





EDWARD AUSTI
. re-examined. I don't believe Biggins could see the prisoner behind the counter through the window from where he was, for he stood at the other side—he could see him crawling round, but not behind the counter—another person went in for a penny loaf, but I saw him go in and come out—I am sure Biggins could not see the prisoner behind the counter.





WILLIAM BIGGIN
. re-examined. After he went in we walked by the shop, and saw the prisoner go behind the counter, then we went and stood at the other side, when the prosecutor came by.





FANNY AUSTIN
. I saw the young man—I cannot say for certain that it was the prisoner—he was in the act of getting up from behind the counter—I let him go to the door, and then wished the young man who came for the penny-loaf to stop him—he tried to do so—my brother came in as he ran down the steps, and I desired him to follow him—I am sure the person who came in for the penny-loaf was not the person who got up from behind the counter—the till was left behind—there was some silver in it, I do not know how much—it was gone—there was a gas light in the shop—a person outside could see through the window and see the till taken.





WILLIAM OSBORN
. (police-constable T 61.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I obtained from Mr. Clark's office—I was a witness when he was tried—he is the same person—(read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
