



1635. 



BENJAMIN PERRY
alias


JOHN DAVIES

 was indicted for

 stealing 2 shillings, 18 pence, 15 halfpence, and 1 farthing, the monies of 



Charles William Rawlings; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






CATHERINE RAWLINGS
. I am a widow. I was staying with my son, named Charles William Rawlings, at Enfield—on the morning of the 6th of Aug., between five and six o'clock, I saw the prisoner and Matthew Halesman in the room at my son's—they came to sweep the chimney—Halesman left the prisoner in the room while he went for the machine—I did not wait in the room—I was taking the things out—I had put some money in the cupboard in the room, and the prisoner and Hales-man both saw me do it—I am sure they both stood by and saw it—there was 2s. in silver, and 3s. worth of coppers and two farthings were amongst it—I took it off the chimney-piece and put it all in the cupboard—there was not it that I knew—I buttoned the cupboard door—I then left

the room to take some things out—I might be gone about five minutes, or rather more—when I went back to the room the prisoner was just gone, and the door shut to after him—I thought he was gone after Halesman, but he did not come back—Halesman came and did the chimney—after the prisoner was gone I saw the marks of sooty fingers on the cupboard door and the money was all gone but 6 1/2d. in copper—it was my son's money.





MATTHEW HALESMAN
. I am a chimney-sweeper. The prisoner is the same—on the 6th of Aug. I left him at the prosecutor's while I went for the machine—I was gone about a quarter of an hour—when I got hack he was gone—when I first went to the house I saw Mrs. Rawlings move the money off the shelf to the cupboard—the prisoner was then close to my side—I afterwards saw marks on the cupboard door, and the money was gone.





ROBERT STEVENS
 (police-constable N 269.) I took the prisoner at the New Angel—I found on him two shillings, eighteen penny-pieces, fifteen halfpence, and one farthing.

Prisoner. I never saw Mrs. Rawlings put any money in the cupboard.





JOHN DENNIS
 (police-constable N 281.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—read—(Convicted on 18th of Sept. 1843, having been before convicted—Confined one year)—I was present—the prisoner is the same person.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

