




2242. 




WILLIAM JOLLY
 and 



PHŒBE JOLLY
 were again indicted for

 stealing 1 crown, 2 half-crowns, 1 shilling, and 1 sixpence; the monies of 



Mary Ann Carnes.






MARY ANN CARNES.
 I am a widow, and live at 9, Princes-street, Union-street. On the 11th of July the prisoner Phoebe came to me, told me she was a cap-maker, and wanted part of a bed—I took her to sleep with me—I took her for a single woman—on the Tuesday before she left on the Wednesday, the prisoner William came—they had an interview—they did not say what relationship there was between them, they both break fasted with me that morning—I went out between twelve and one o'clock, leaving them in my room, and nobody in the house but a little girl twelve years old—I was away three quarters of an hour or an hour, came back, and found the prisoners had just dined—they left between seven and eight o'clock, leaving no one in the house but me—he said to her, "Now, my dear, shall I take your box;" he went away taking her box—two hours afterwards I went to my drawers, I found them locked as I had left them, and missed my money which had been in a little brown bag—nobody else had been in the house—I did not see the prisoners again till they were in custody—I had given her warning—I never saw bag or money again—there was nearly 3l. in it.

William Jolly. Q. Did not a young man lodge in the house? A. Not that night—there was only an old man lodged in the house, he house, he was out all day—I had seen my money in the drawers the night before—they had not been opened since: I had the key in my pocket.


William Jolly's Defence. I came up from the country, and joined my wife, who was living at this house, intending to get furnished lodgings next day; we got lodgings at Mrs. Gale's, in Hatfield-street, not ten minutes walk from the prosecutrix's, who we met frequently in the streets, and she did not say a word about this affair till we were examined the third time at the Police-court on the other charge.





MARY ANN CARNES

re-examined. I never saw them after they left, till they were in custody, they might have seen me—I found out that they were in custody by Mrs. Gale coming to know where they lived before—I did not know where they went to.

William Jolly. I said we are going not far from you, into Hatfield-street. Witness. Nothing of the kind passed—if I had met you I should have given you in charge

WILLIAM JOLLY—


GUILTY. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.


PHŒBE JOLLY—


NOT GUILTY.

