




2461. 




NATHANIEL JENKINS, the younger, and 




JAMES REARDON
, were indicted for

stealing, on the 
6th of October, 1 time-piece, value 4l.; 14 pewter-pots, value 14s.; 12 books, value 1l. 4s.; I table-cloth, value 4s.; 4 candlesticks, value 4s.; 1 brush, value 1s. 1 comb, value 6d.; 6 brass gas-burners, value 3l.; 2 brass fittings, value 2l.; and 16 shillings; the property of 



Joseph Waggett and others.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH WAGGETT
. I am one of the trustees of the Wesleyan chapel, in Stanhope-street, Hampstead-road. I have a right of ownership over the articles there as trustee, and there are sixteen or seventeen others On the morning of the 7th of October some article were produced to me by the policeman—I can identify the whole of three articles—they had all been safe in the chapel at a quarter before ten o'clock the night before—I went to the chapel, and the property I had seen safe the night before was gone—these are the articles.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. In whose personal custody were these things? A. No person lives on the premises—the key of the chapel is in the possession of a woman, who is here.





CHARLES GRIMSHAW
 (police-sergeant N 21.) On the night of the 6th of October I was on duty near Hampstead-road—I saw the two prisoners coming up Stanhope-street, about 150 yards from the chapel—they were coming from it—Jenkins was carrying the bag which I now produce—I went and asked what he had got in that bag—he said, "Only some old brass, master"—I asked what—he said. "Old candlesticks and different things"—he said he had been emptying a privy, and found them—I asked who he worked for—he said, "Hayward, in Camden-town"—I asked him to come to the lamp that I might see what it was—he wanted me to go to a cellar down the next turning, where he was going to shoot it—I said I could see by the light of the gas to satisfy me—I took out one part, looked at it, and I then told them they must go to the station-house—I took the bag, and they ran off, one way, and the other the other—they had been close together before.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to say that you could distinguish Reardon distinctly? A. Yes—he did not run till I was in the act of going to the station-house—they both answered me—Reardon made answer that

it was only old brass—it was Jenkins who bad the bag, but when I spoke I addressed both of them.

JENKINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

REARDON—



GUILTY. Aged 17.Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.






Transported for Seven Years.
