



2664. 




THOMAS POOR
 was indicted

 for that he, being employed under 

the Post-office of Great Britain and Ireland, did steal a certain post-letter containing 1/2 yard of cambric, value 1s.; 1 slip of cambric, value 1d.; and 1 5l. Bank note; the property of 

her Majesty's Postmaster-general. Other COUNTS varying the manner of stating the charge.


MR. ATTORNEY-GENERAL, with
MESSRS. SHEPHERD, GURNET, and


BULLOCK, conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN METER
. I live in Conduit-street, Bond-street. In September last my wife was staying at Herne Bay—on the 21st of September I wrote a letter to her, addressed to "Mrs. Meyer, at Mr. Piercey's, 3, East-street, Herne Bay, Kent"—I gave it to Hugh Jones—there was half-a-yard of Irish cambric, a strip across the cambric, which I bought as a pattern, and a 5l. Bank of England note in it—this is the note—(produced)—this was in the letter—it has two names on it, by which I know it, besides the date and number, which I took at the time—on the 23rd, in consequence of hearing from my wife, I went to the Post-office and gave information.





HUGH JONES
. I am porter to Mr. Meyer, of Conduit-street—I remember receiving three letters from him on Tuesday, the 21st of September, one of which was addressed to Mrs. Meyer, at Herne Bay—I remember that letter perfectly well—I took them to the Post-office receiving-house in Maddox-street, kept by Mr. Dawes, a grocer, and gave them to King, his assistant, who weighed the letters, and took 4d. postage.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. You did not observe what he did with it? A. I did not.





JAMES KING
. I am in the employ of Mr. Dawes. On the 21st of September I remember receiving three letters from Jones—one was directed to Mrs. Meyer—I received the postage of that letter—I put it into the paid letter-box—the prisoner was in Mr. Dawes's employ at that time—he had the opportunity of observing the letters—he was in the shop that day—no one but him and I had access to the letter-box—I did not see the letter after I put it into the box—on the 22nd I had occasion to send the prisoner into the City between two and three o'clock—he returned between five and six.

Cross-examined. Q. He was an ordinary porter in the grocer's shop? A. Yes—the paid letters were kept in a drawer under the counter, which was kept unlocked—the letters would be sent away from our house about a quarter before six o'clock—I was in the shop all the time from the time I received the letters from Jones till the bag was made up, and the prisoner was with me.

COURT. Q. What time was the letter put in? A. About half-past four o'clock—the prisoner assisted me to make up the bag—I took the letters out of the box, paid and unpaid, and put them into separate bags—the prisoner assisted me in separating them—it was part of his duty occasionally to assist in sorting and separating letters.






LOUISA MEYER
. On the 22nd of September I was staying at Mr. Piercey's, at Herne Bay—I did not receive a letter from my husband about that day containing a 5l. note, nor a piece of cambric—I had sent the piece of cambric now produced to my husband as a pattern before the 22nd of September.

Cross-examined. Q. Which is the pattern? A. This—there is a bole by which I know it—I had been working on the cambric some time before—I speak to it as well from my recollection—this is the remains of a larger piece I had been working on—I had done no work on this piece myself—I think I can positively swear this is the same piece—I have not a doubt on the subject—it is a piece of the cambric on which I had worked.

MR. MEYER
re-examined. I put into the letter the remnant of cambric I received from my wife—in the centre was the 5l. note and half a yard of cambric besides which I had bought from the pattern, about half an hour before I put it in the letter—both these pieces resemble what I put into the letter—it was Irish cambric—I had sent down a piece before which was not the width, and I had this slip as a pattern for the width, which drew my attention to it.

Cross-examined. Q. How did you get the pattern? A. Mrs. Meyer sent it to me in a letter, I think—I had it four or five days, but I frequently went down to Herne Bay, and do not remember whether I had it by letter.

MRS. MEYER
re-examined. I gave it to Mr. Meyer—I do not think I sent it.

MR. MEYER
re-examined. I sent down another piece not quite correct after I had the pattern—I bought the piece myself in Regent-street, and I bought the first piece at the same shop, at the corner of Conduit-street—I did not take the pattern with me the first time—I left it in a drawer at my own house for some days, among some papers—there was nothing else like cambric there.





ALEXANDER ROBERTSON
. I am one of the pay clerks in the Bank of England. I remember this 5l. note being presented for payment on the 22nd of September—I have the book in which I made the entry—my attention was called to the circumstance by a particular writing on it—I entered it—I am quite sure this is the note—I have every reason to believe that the person who presented it wrote this on the top of the face, "Thomas Smith, 307, Oxford-street"—we always require a person presenting a note to write his name and place of residence—I gave four sovereigns and 1l. in silver for it—my attention was drawn to it by an application being made two or three days after.





MATTHEW PEAK
. I am a policeman. I was sent for to the solicitors office at the General Post-office, on Saturday, the 25th of September—Mr. Peacock, myself, the prisoner, Mr. Phillips the clerk, and Mr. Elb, another clerk, I believe were there—the first thing said to the prisoner was that a letter had been posted at his master's house containing a 5l. note and a piece of cambric, since that the note had been changed at the Bank of England, and the writing on it much resembled his handwriting; and from this circumstance his person and lodging must be searched—he made no objective—I asked him where he lived—he said, "No. 7, Tyler-street, Regent-street"—I asked him if he had got any money at home—he said, "Yes, he believed his wife had got three or four sovereigns—I asked him where she got it—he said she saved it from her last situation—I then went to No. 7, Tyler-street, and asked if Mr. Poor lived there—I found a woman answering

swering to the name of Mrs. Poor—she took me up to the second-floor—I asked her if she had got any money—I found four sovereigns in a box—I afterwards told the prisoner what she had said—I stated to him all that passed about the money—I asked her where she got it—she said her husband brought it home last Wednesday—I then made further search, and in a drawer I found the two pieces of cambric produced—they have been in my possession ever since, till I produced them to-day—I returned to the Post-office, saw the prisoner, and told him the account his wife had given—he did not say a word to it—the cambric and the note were shown him—I told him I found the cambric in the drawer of that house, and that his wife said she had never seen it there before, and that her husband must have put it there unknown to her—he made no answer.

Cross-examined. Q. Did any body desire you to put these questions to a man under a charge of felony? A. put no questions—I believe I and Mr. Peacock both asked him if he had any money at home—it was not by any body's desire—the 25th was Saturday, and Wednesday was the 22nd.





PRISCILLA ANN MORGAN
. I live with Mrs. Johnson, the landlady of the house, No. 7, Tyler-street. I saw the room the officer examined—it was the prisoner's room.





CHARLES DAWKS
. I keep a receiving-house for letters—the prisoner was in my service—it was part of his duty at certain times of the day when the letters were heavy, to assist in getting them out of the box—he has done so repeatedly—I have seen him write—I believe the name "Thos. Smith, 307, Oxford-street," on the face of this note, to be his hand writing—I cannot swear to it.

Cross-examined. Q. How long has he been with yon? A. Nearly seven years, four of which he lived in my house—it was King's duty more immediately to attend to the letters—towards four or five o'clock, when the letters got heavy, the prisoner assisted King—when I was present, I did not require it—I had the highest opinion of the prisoner until this charge was made—I had a good character with him when be came to me.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Twelve Years.
