




537. 




MICHAL DONOVAN AND 



WILLIAM JONES
 were indicted

 for stealing 5 pairs of sheets, value 2l.; 10 pillow-cases, 10s.; 4 towels, 4s.; 3 toilet-covers, 3s. 6d.; 2 napkins, 2s.; 1 quilt, 6s.; and 8 tablecloths, 1l. 13s.; the goods of 



James Frederick Duggin the younger; and that Donovan had been before convicted of felony.






FRANCIS FRYER
 (police-sergeant E. 15. On the 23rd of Jan., between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, I was on duty in Holborn—I learned

something. and ran after a cab which was going in the direction of the City—I stopped it, and found in it the two prisoners, and at their feet this large parcel, tied in this quilt—I asked Jones what he had got there—he said it had nothing to do with him—I then asked Donovan whether it was his—he said no—I was getting into the cab, when I noticed Jones put his hand into his left-hand pocket—I asked what he had got—he said, "Nothing"—I said, "You must not tell me that"—I found in his pocket these two skeleton keys and this knife—I opened the bundle—it contained the sheets and other articles.





JAMES WRIGHT
. I live at No. 24, St. Peter's-hill; I drive a cab. On the 23rd of Jan., between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, my cab was on the rank, near Day and Martin's, in Holborn—Jones came out of New Turnstile, which leads directly into Lincoln's Inn-fields—he called me off the stand—when I opened the cab door Donovan came out of the same turning with a handle—he put it into the cab—both prisoners then got into the cab, and Jones told me to drive to Brook-street, Holborn.

Jones. Q. Were we both dressed as we are now? A. Yes.





JAMES FREDERICK DUGGIN
, Jun. I am a dyer, and live in Duke-street, Manchester-square. I saw these articles safe about seven o'clock on Friday evening, 22nd Jan., at No. 12, King-street, Holborn—New Turnstile is at the bottom of the street—it is about 200 or 250 yards off—these articles are worth 5l.—they are my own private property.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLER. Q. Are you in partnership? A. Yes, but this was private property—it had nothing at all to do with the trade—when I saw it on the Friday evening, it was in the front shop, about three yards from the door, which opened into the street—it was all packed up in this coloured quilt—we have not a great many visitors who come on business after seven o'clock in the evening, but we have persons come.





JAMES FREDERICK DUGGIN
, Sen. I live at No. 12, King-street, Holborn. these articles are my son's—I missed them about half-past eight o'clock in the morning—I went to the station—I had locked the premises up at eleven o'clock at night—tge porter opened the door in the morning to sweep the shop—he did not leave till ten minutes past eight—the property was then safe—it was recovered in about ten minutes after it was lost.

Cross-examined. Q. What induces you to speak so precisely to the time? A. I looked at the clock when I went into the shop at half-past eight—there was very little other property in the shop—this property was there at eleven at night, when I locked up the shop—I did not see it in the morning.





WILLIAM DAVIS
. I am porter to Mr. Duggin. On the 23rd Jan. I arrived at the shop about half-past seven o'clock—on opening the shop I saw this bundle—I moved it from the floor of the shop on to a basket, to sweep—I left it to go to breakfast after I locked the door, about ten minutes past eight—I came back about twenty minutes to nine—I am quite sure I had seen the bundle safe at ten minutes past eight—there is no keyhole outside the door—the door must have been left unlocked afterwards.

Cross-examined. Q. There was nothing particular to make you remember the property? A. Nothing more than removing it from the floor on to the basket, about five minutes after I got there.

Jones's Defence. As soon as I entered the cab I picked up these keys amongst the straw; I asked Donovan if they were his; he said "No. "





ELLIS DAVIS
 (police-constable 129 E.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Donovan's former conviction from the Clerk of the peace at Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted 2nd of June, 1845, and confined six months)—I am sure he is the person.

DONOVAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.


JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—



Confined Nine Months.

