



2003. 




JAMES SANGER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
24th of May, 1 bag, value 3d.; and 150lbs. weight of sugar, value4l. 15s.; the goods of 



Thomas Pillow, in a barge on the navigable 
River Thames.






HENRY JACKSON
. I live in Elizabeth-place, Bermondsey. I was on duty, as a watchman, at Stanton's-wharf, Tooley-street, on the morning of the 24th of May, and noticed two persons in a small old dredging-boat, alongside a barge, between thirty and forty feet from the wharf—I saw the boat shove off from the barge with a bag of sugar in her—I said nothing to them, but when they got out of sight of me, I went on board the barge, and alarmed the people, who then complained of losing something—I cannot speak to the prisoner being one of the persons in the boat.

Cross-examined by
MR. LOCK. Q. How do you know it was a bag of sugar that they had in the boat? A. I know there were bags of sugar on board the barge, and this bag appeared like them—I did not see the sugar, only the bag—I was standing right opposite the barge—I do not think the people in the boat could see me, on account of the tide being lofty, and a brig was lying between us.






WILLIAM JOHN ARNOLD
. I am a lighter man, in the employ of Mr. Thomas Pillow. On the 23rd of May some sugar of his was put on board a barge called the Grace, to be taken to the West India Docks—Jackson alarmed me on the rooming of the 24th, and I missed a bag of sugar from the starboard-quarter of the barge—I went ashore, and ran up along the water-side to Battle-bridge plying-place, and when I got down to the stairhead, I saw the prisoner shoving off in his boat—I went to Beale's wharf, and watched the prisoner to Hayes' wharf-tier—he made fast to the tier, and began to bale the water out of his boat—I borrowed a ship's-boat, went off to him, and all at once he shoved off his boat, and got up the side of a schooner next to him—I got up after him, collared him, brought him down, and found the bag of sugar in his boat, covered over with an old coat—I told him he must come with me—he begged and prayed of me to let him go—I said, "If you had got away with the bag of sugar, I should have had to pay for it"—he said if he had known I should have had to pay for it, he would not have taken it—it was the one we had lost from the barge—it is marked "S. and J. H."—the tally was on it, and I have one like it with me belonging to another bag—the bag itself was marked "A"—they were all marked alike.

Cross-examined. Q. Was not this what he said? "If I had known you would have to pay for it, I would not have taken it into my boat? " A. No, he said nothing about his boat—he said, "If I had known you would have to pay for it, I would not have taken it"—I am quite sure he did not say, "into my boat"—I said nothing to him before I came up to him—I saw him make his boat fast to a schooner about twenty-five or thirty feet from Hayes' wharf—that is about 800 or 400 yards from where our barge was moored—we cannot see Hayes' wharf from the barge—there is generally a tier of vessels all the way down—I did not shout out to him when I first saw him—I said nothing to him before I got hold of him—there were ninety bags of sugar on board the barge—I loaded and tallied them all myself, and have since counted them—I met a man coming up the plying-place at Battle-bridge, who I expect had just been put ashore—I did not say anything to him—he was not coming up the steps—he had come up the steps from the stair-head, and was coming up the plying-place, which is a passage—I cannot say exactly how he was dressed, for I was in a hurry—he had a South-western on, I believe—when I got down, the prisoner was shoving his boat off—he was about eight or ten feet away from the stairs—I did not shout out to him then—I walked round to Battle-bridge, which was about fifty yards, for a boat—I was not a minute gone, and when I came up to the prisoner his boat was made fast to the schooner—the prisoner had a dredging-net for coals in his boat—it was not above seven or eight minutes from the time Jackson first spoke to me, to my finding the prisoner alongside the schooner—I had about 150 yards to go—I know when I went down into the cabin, it was twenty minutes past three, and it was about four when we were at the Police-office.





JOHN JUDGE
. I am an inspector of the Thames-police. I heard a cry of, "Police" on the river, about five minutes before four in the morning—I noticed a dredging-boat come down the river—I found the prisoner in that boat, with Arnold, and a person named Bailey—the prisoner was given into custody, charged with stealing the bag of sugar—I asked him how he came by that bag in the boat—he said he was coming down the river, and by London-bridge a man op shore called him, and said, "I

want to go down as far as Pickle Herring-stairs," that he rowed him till he came to this barge loaded with sugar—that the man said, "You had better go alongside this barge, I want to get a sample from the barge"—that the boat went alongside, and the man held on by the bonnet of the barge, lifted up the tarpaulin, and rolled the bag of sugar from the barge into the boat—that he then said, "Row me to Battle-bridge," which he did, and he saw no more of him—I found the same marks on the bag of sugar as are on the tally produced by Arnold.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not he say that the man told him he would be back again in half an hour? A. No—he said he put the man on shore at Battle-bridge.

W. J. ARNOLD
re-examined. I am positive this is one of the bags that was on board the barge.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—



Transported for Ten Years.
