




115. 




JOHN COOPER
 and 




JOHN VALENTINE
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




Thomas Spraggs, on the 
9th of November, at 
St. Luke, and stealing therein, 1 blanket, value 4s.; 1 counterpane, value 4s.; 1 sheet, value 2s.; and 1 night-cap, value 6d.; his goods: and that Cooper had been previously convicted of felony.






MARY SPRAGGS
. I am the wife of Thomas Spraggs, a soap manufacturer, of George-row, John's-row, St. Luke's. On the evening of the 9th of November I went into the bed-room on the ground-floor, and found the windows thrown open nearly to the top—I had not been into the room seven eleven o'clock in the morning—it was then a little way up—I missed from the bed the quilt, blanket, sheet, and night-cap, my husband's property—those produced are them.





THOMAS SFRAGGS
. I am the husband of the last witness. Between four and five o'clock, on the 9th of November, I went into the room—the front window was about four inches up—there was a nail which stopped it going up higher—I shut the window and door, and left it shut—there was a catch to it, but it would not hold—the things were safe in the room when I shut down the window—when I missed the property the nail was forced right out—I could not get the window down without taking the beading off—it was a strong nail driven into the wood, to keep the bottom sash from going above for inches from the bottom—I occupy the whole house.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-sergeant G 20.)—About half-past five o'clock in

the day on the 9th of November, I was in Helmet-row, St. Luke's—I noticed the prisoners in close conversation—Cooper had a large bundle with him—I went up to him, and asked what he had got—I laid hold of Valentine—Cooper resisted very much—I put my leg before Valentine's, and he stumbled on his hands and knees—I called out "Stop thief"—he escaped—I asked what was in the bundle—Cooper said there was nothing in it—I said, "Where did you get it?"—he said, "I picked it up by the church wall"—it contained the articles stated, which I have produced—Cooper was detained a few days, and discharged, because I could not find the owner of the property—on the 22nd of November Valentine was brought in—I said he was very nimble in effecting his escape from Helmet-row on the night of the 9th of November—he said he was never there at all—I am sure he was—I knew him before.

Cooper. I picked the things up by the church wall; I did not know what they were; the policeman came and asked what they were: I said I did not know; Valentine was not with me; I was by myself. Witness. They were both together.





WILLIAM HORSNELL
 (police-constable G 172.) On the 17th of November I went in search of Cooper—I had been looking for Valentine as well—I had seen the prisoners together on the 9th of November, between eleven and twelve o'clock, about 400 or 500 yards from the prosecutor's house, close by the church wall.

Cooper. I was never near St. Luke's church at that time of the day, it is quite false. Witness. He was, and Valentine, and another along with him—I have known them a long while.





HENRY REDMAN
 (police-constable G 224.) From information I received I went in pursuit of Valentine, and took him at his father's—I told him what it was for—he said he knew Cooper very well, but he was not with him when the robbery was committed, and he repeated the same at the station, and said he was not with Cooper on Lord Mayor'sday.
(Witness for the Defence.)





JOHN PATEMAN
. I am a carver, and live at No. 3, Richardson's-buildings, Hatfield street, Goswell-street I have known Valentine for the last five years—he has worked for me nearly two years up to the time of the transaction—he was with me on the 9th of November, till about six o'clock in the evening—he used to go home to his meals—he was with me at half-past five that day—he went home at half-past four or five, and came back again in half-an-hour—I do not think it was after five when he came back—he was with me about five—I can not swear positively to the time—he went away somewhere between four and five, and between five and six he must have come back—I do not know the prosecutor or the other prisoner—I know George's-row, it is not above three minutes' walk from Helmet-row—I do not live far from the prosecutor.





JAMES BRANNAN

re-examined. I laid hold of Valentine by the arm—it was as near half-past five o'clock as possible—I am quite sure of him—I have known him a considerable time—I do not know Pateman—I have never seen him before—I know his address, it is about two hundred yards from where I laid hold of Valentine's arm—it may be three hundred yards, but I do not think it is—I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—I was present at the trial—Cooper is the person—(read)—I also know Valentine, and I am very much inclined

to think, in consequence of the long character his master gives him that he must know he has been in the House of Correction.





JOHN PATEMAN

re-examined. I do—he and some boys were out together, and one of them threw a boot over a wall, he went to get it, was taken there, and fined 15s., and not having the money was sent to the House of Correction.

COOPER—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.

VALENTINE—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—



Confined One Year.
