



1900. 




CAROLINE ANSON
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Summers, on the 
14th of June, at 

St. Luke, and stealing therein 1 ink-stand, value 1s.; and 1 trunk, value 1s.; the goods of 



Harriet Soffe.






ANN SUMMERS
. I am the wife of John Summers—we occupy the back room of a house, No. 3, Mitchell-street, in the parish of St. Luke. On Monday morning, the 14th of June, I left home, about half-past five

o'clock, leaving my husband and son in bed—I returned about one, and found the things were in great confusion—this ink-stand and trunk were removed from where I had left them, which was in a band-box—nothing had been carried away—this is the ink-stand and trunk—they are the property of Harriet Soffe.





JOHN SUMMERS
. I am the son of Ann Summers. On the 14th of June I came home to dinner, about one o'clock in the day—when I left the room the door was locked—when I came back I got the key from the landlord—I opened the door, and saw the prisoner and another girl there—they were locked in the room—I stood about half a minute, and then went and knocked at the other room door, to tell the people, and while I was gone the two girls ran down stairs—the people told me to ran after them—I ran and took the prisoner, and she hit me—I walked by her side till she was taken—I never lost sight of her—I went back, and this ink-stand was on the bed—this trunk was on the table, and the room was in a disordered state—I had left the room at half-past fix o'clock—my father locked the room door in my presence—the prisoner had a bunch of keys in her hand, and one of them opened the door.

Prisoner. I met the other girl, and she asked me to go home with her; I thought it was her mother's place; she went up, and unlocked the door, and went in; this little boy came, and she went down; she put the keys into my hand.
(Caroline Edwards, the wife of a brass-founder, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
.* Aged 16.—


Transported for Ten Years.
