





1382. 




ROGER GRADY,



 PATRICK LAWLEY
 and 




JOHN SHEHAN
, were indicted for

 a robbery on 



Joseph Summers, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will 1 pair of boots, value 8s.; and 1 shilling, his property; and beating, striking, and using other personal violence to him.






JOSEPH SUMMERS
. I live at Old Pye-street, Westminster. On Friday, the 10th of April, I went into the Horse and Groom, Edgware-road, and called for a pint of beer—the three prisoners and others were in the room—I began to smoke my pipe, the beer was brought to me—I had a shilling, a sixpence, and 1 penny in my pocket—I changed the sixpence, to pay for the beer—Lawley asked for a drink of my beer, and I paid for a pot for them—the prisoners and the others drank it—Lawley asked me to stand another pot, I refused—Lawley put his hand on my mouth over my throat, and kept me down on the settle, while Grady put his hand in my pocket, and took off my boots—Shehan was missing from the room when I called out "Murder"—I cannot say whether he took any part in it—I missed my shilling, from the pocket which Grady put his hand to, and also my boots—the landlord came and closed the door—I got hold of Lawley round the neck, and also Grady—the constable came and took them.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What are you? A. A labourer, but was out of work, and selling braces about—I do not know what thimble-rigging means—I never carried a table with thimbles—I did not drink with them—I had none of the pot I gave them—I wanted to get out of the room, away from them—I went there at two o'clock, and remained till about three, when the robbery was done—they did not pay for beer or spirits for me—I did not tell them I had no more money, or say anything about pawning my boots, nor that I attended fairs and races—I did not offer to-play them if they had three thimbles—I never said a word about it—Shehan laid some thimbles on the table—I did not offer to play with them for anything—there were eight or nine persons in the house, all strangers to me.





WILLIAM ROGERS
. I keep the Horse and Groom, John-street, Edgeware-road. In consequence of what was said I went to the tap-room—I saw the prosecutor—I saw three thimbles on the table, and the prisoners and two or three strangers sitting near them—I said, if they did not put their thimbles up immediately I would send for a policeman, and give them in charge—they took them up, I cannot say which of them, and I returned to the bar—in a few moments I heard a great noise, and there was a fight among them—I went in, and Edwards was crying "Murder"—he was holding Grady with one hand, and his other hand was extended, as if holding Lawley—as I went into the tap-room I saw Shehan going out at the bar door into the street—Lawley struck at the prosecutor—I got before him, to prevent his being hurt—I asked what was the matter—he said they had robbed him of his boots, and 1s. out of his pocket—I closed the door, sent for a policeman, and gave Lawley and Grady in charge.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know them before? A. I have seen two of them, but do not recollect Lawley—I never saw the prosecutor before—he was not meddling with the thimbles—he sat about four feet from them.





CHARLES SOMES
 (police-constable D 34.) I went to the Horse and Groom, and took Lawley and Grady—the prosecutor said, in their presence, that Lawley

was the man who held his coat on his throat, and his hands over his mouth, and Grady beat him, and took his shoes off his feet, and his money from his pocket—I said they must go to the station—they refused, but seeing more policemen come in, they went quietly.





JOHN BAINBRIDGE
 (police-constable D 105.) I apprehended Shehan the same night, at a dance, in Horace-street—before I spoke to him he said, "Do you want me?"—I said, "Yes," and took him into the street—he asked what it was for—I said, "On suspicion of stealing a pair of boots from the Horse and Groom"—he said he had got the ticket, and asked who was going to charge him with it—I told him not to mind that—he then said, "They cannot say anything against me, for I know nothing about it"—this was after he had said he had the ticket—I found three thimbles on him—while waiting at the police court he said he did not steal them, he pawned them.

Shehan. He took the boots off his feet, and asked me to pawn them.





JOSEH SUMMERS

re-examined. I did not—I was lying on the floor when they were taken off, and one of them was holding my mouth.





CHARLES REEVE
. I took these boots in pledge from Shehan for 3s.

Shehan. I went back with the 3s., but he was gone.





WILLIAM ROGERS

re-examined. He did not come back with the 3s.; if he had I should have given him in charge.





JOSEPH SUMMERS
. These are my boots which were taken off my feet that day—I gave 10s. for them.

MR. BALLANTINE
called






GEORGE BRESSNAHAN
. I was at the Horse and Groom, on the 12th of April—the prisoners were there—I knew them all before—the prosecutor came in while I was there, and joined the prisoners—they all drank out of one pot, him and the three prisoners—I drank with them and several others—I am certain of it—we all sat round one table, and continued drinking together from two till about four o'clock—money was getting short, I conclude, for they were getting short of beer, and the prosecutor pulled off one of his boots, threw it on the table, and said if they could get an old pair of shoes he would put them on, and pawn his boots, that they cost 10s.—Grady went out and brought in an old pair of shoes—Summers tried them on, and said they would not fit, and said, "I am too wide awake for you, lads, as I have been an old lagger (which means, I believe, a returned transport; I knew that at the time he said so)—he said, "I get my living by attending fairs and races; I carry the tables with the thimbles, and work them"—he said if there was any person in the room who would get him three thimbles, he would bet a pot of beer no man would find the pea—(some time previous to that he said he had no money about him)—Shehan went out and brought in three thimbles, and the prosecutor said he would bet any man in the room no man could find the pea after he had worked the thimble—Lawley said if any one would back him for 6d. or a pot of beer, he would find the pea—a man in the room said he would bet Lawley, and did so—Summers pulled out 6d.—the thimbles were shifted, and Lawley found it, and won the beer—Summers gave him the 6d. to get the beer—Lawley came back with 2d. change, and gave it him—shortly after I went out of the room—I was by the watering-place, and heard a person in the room, hallooing "Murder"—I went in and saw the prosecutor and Lawley en-tangled with one another—he was holding Lawley by the neck handkerchief, Lawley was trying to extricate himself from him—I had been out of the room ten minutes or a quarter of an hour—Rogers came down stairs and asked what was the matter—I believe Summers's boots were off then—he said he would not let Lawley go—he pointed to Grady, and said he had put his

hand into his pocket, and taken out 1s.—Grady said he did not—Rogers asked where Shehan was gone, and said no man should leave the room till the policeman came—he sent for one, and they were given in charge—Summers charged them with stealing his boots and 1s.

COURT. Q. Who do you work for? A. Not for any particular master—I worked last for Mr. Rhodes, of Whitcombe-street—I was out of work all that week—after this happened I was at the dance in Cato-street, called Horace-street, and saw Shehan there—hearing a row, I came out and saw Shehan in custody of a policeman, who said he had taken him for stealing a pair of boots—I did not go to the dance with Shehan, nor know whether he was going there—it was the length of the street from the Horse and Groom—I have been at the Horse and Groom before, and seen the prisoners there, and in the street—I never worked with them—they were taken in charge about four o'clock—it was later than three—they had been there nearly two hours—when the thimbles were on the table the prosecutor was standing up at the end of the table, quite close to the prisoners, and in their company—I do not know who paid for the pot they drank out of—I do not know where Shehan got the thimbles—the prosecutor pulled off his boot before anything was said about the thimbles—he had put his boot on again—he did not propose to pawn them again.

Q. What kept you out of the room a quarter of an hour? A. I met a person outside, and was talking to him—I believe Grady lived near the house—he took the shoes back again—M'Cormack was at the house—he lives in Marylebone—I saw him last week, and I asked if he was coming down—he is not here—Dennis M'Grath was also there—I saw him in Cato-street this week—I said nothing to him about this—one Coney was there—I saw him about a fortnight ago, but did not mention this—he is not here—I have heard several times that lagger meant a transport—we did not avoid Summers's company when he said that—the prisoners are bricklayers' labourers—I have seen them at work by the Yorkshire Stings—I had not been at the dance five or ten minutes before the policeman came in—I did not tell him the men were innocent, for I had seen the whole transaction, nor did I go before the Magistrate—I was in the vicinity of the office, expecting to be called, but was not—I live at No. 1, Conway-street, Marylebone—it was very near four o'clock that the prisoners were taken—I am a very distant relation of Shehan's—I cannot trace the relationship, but have heard my father and mother speak of it.





CHARLES SOMES

re-examined. M'Grath was locked up and remanded till Tuesday for hitting me—Shehan was taken about nine o'clock that night—I took the other two a few minutes after three—the pot-boy fetched me—we were at the office a few minutes after four—the prosecutor was a perfect stranger to me.

W. ROGERS
re-examined. When I went into the room I saw the thimbles—the prosecutor was sitting at the end of the table, about four feet from the thimbles—we got to the station about ten minutes or a quarter past three—when I went to the room on hearing the cry, the prosecutor had a scratch on his nose, which bled—Shehan must have left the tap-room-door not two seconds before I heard the call of "Murder"—there were no old shoes in the room.

GRADY—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.

LAWLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

SHEHAN*—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.






Transported for Fifteen Years.

