




2295. 




CHARLES WHITE
 and 




HENRY BROWN
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 handkerchief, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 



Henry Erasmus Hammond, from his person; and that Brown had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM FOSTER
. I am shopman to Mr. George Foster, a stationer, in Fenchurch-street. About two o'clock on the afternoon of the 17th of Aug., I saw the two prisoners, with another person, at the foot of London-bridge—I watched their movements, and saw them follow Mr. Hammond—I saw the back of Brown's arm, as though his hand was going into Mr. Hammond's pocket, but they pressed against two females at the time, so that I did not see the handkerchief pass, but directly afterwards the prisoners turned round, and ran away—I went and spoke to Mr. Hammond, and pointed out the prisoners—I followed the officer, and he took them—I did not see the handkerchief picked up, but I saw it after it was picked up—I did not see the handkerchief on the spot where the prisoners were taken into custody.

Brown. Q. Did you see me take the handkerchief out? A. I saw the back of your arm—I did not see you take the handkerchief.





HENRY ERASMUS HAMMOND
. I am a merchant's clerk—I live in Dover-road. On the 17th of Aug. I saw the prisoners near London-bridge—I lost my handkerchief—this is it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What do you know it by? A. By my initials marked on it with silk—I cannot say how long before I lost it I had it.





WILLIAM NORTON
 (City police-constable, No. 286.) I saw the prisoners

going in a direction towards Billingsgate-market—they were running and Wilson was following them—I stopped Brown, and White was stopped by my brother officer—as we were going down Botolph-lane, I observed White put his hand into his pocket, take out this handkerchief, wipe his nose with it, and throw it into a passage—I had got White at that time—I had stopped Brown, but I took White into custody.

Cross-examined. Q. You stopped Brown? A. Yes, and Wilson took White, but White was given into my custody, and I gave Brown up—I took up the handkerchief.

Brown. I was going along, and the officer took hold of me—I asked him what he wanted, and he said I knew.





SAMUEL WILSON
 (City police-constable, No. 515.) I noticed the prisoners together in Thames-street—I followed them, and took White into custody—as we were passing Botolph-lane, I saw White throw this handkerchief down, and my brother officer took it up.





JAMES BRENNAN
 (police-constable N 69.) I produce a certificate of Brown's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

WHITE*—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.

BROWN—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.





Transported for Ten years.

