



2503. 




GEORGE BROWN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
17th of September, 1 watch, value 10l., the goods of 



Henry Marsh.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the goods of Henry Barrance.






PHILIP HENRY EVANS
. I am apprentice to Henry Marsh, a watch-maker, in Down-street, Piccadilly. The prisoner came on the 17th of September—I did not know him before—he said he came for a watch that had been left there in the name of Smith, and pointed to one in the window, and said that was it—he said that before I said any thing to him—I took the watch, and said it was left by one of Lord Dacre's servants—he said, "Oh yes, that is my brother-in-law"—I said it was not done, my master was out of town, if he would leave it a few days we would get it done—he said he was going out of town till Monday, and he would take

it, and if it would not do he would bring it back—I let him have it—it was the watch Mr. Moss had left with us.

Cross-examined by
MR. PREDERGAST. Q. Are you sure the Prisoner is the person? A. Yes, quite sure—I think I saw him again on Friday week—I could not be positive at first, but I knew him—I did not put any name on the watch—we do not put any thing down in the book till the work is done.





FREDERICK MOSS
. I took the watch to Mr. Marsh's to be cleaned—I authorised no one to fetch it away—I took it for a friend named Barrance—when I called for it was gone—no one had any authority from me to fetch it.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you leave it with Evans? A. On the 15th, and on the 23rd I heard that it was gone—this is it.





ROBERT JACKSON
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner in Oxford-street—I found on him 4l. 9s. 2d.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he not ask you to go with him to the rail-road, and tell you you would there find his brother-in-law? A. No; he said he had paid his fare by the coach, and he should lose his place if I did not let him go—he did not want me to go any where with him except to have something to drink—he did not tell me I should find a person who knew him.

JURY. Q. How came you to know the prisoner? A. I received information from a person in Bond-street, and about ten minutes after the prisoner passed with a pilot-coat on—before that I had seen him without one.

Prisoner's Defence. I offered him to pay a cab to take him where I could prove I had been authorised to go for the watch. Witness. He did not.




GUILTY
. Aged 54.—


Transported for Seven Years.
