




945. 




CHARLES MADDEN
 and 




JOHN BRUMMELL
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
7th of Jan., 1 cloak, value 15s., the goods of 



William Smith; and that Madden had been before convicted of felony.






CHARLES RANDALL
 (police-constable N 172.) On the 7th of Jan., about five o'clock in the afternoon, I was in company with Withers, and met the two prisoners together in Upper-street, Islington—we followed, and lost sight of them for about five minutes—we were then standing in the Liverpool-road, and saw Brummell coming towards us, on the same side as we were—directly he saw me he started back a pace or two—I then saw Madden close behind him—Bnrannell tried to hide him—as they crossed the road I saw Madden had something under his arm—I pursued them—Brummell saw I was running after him, and turned to the left-Madden turned, saw me coming, and dropped something which he bad under his arm—I did not stop to pick it up, but as I ran by it I saw it appeared to be a doak—I still kept after him—I could not see which house he went into, he escaped at that time, and was not taken till the 23rd of March—directly he was taken I went to Brummell's house, and told him Madden was taken for stealing the cloak—he said, "You might have taken me before if you liked; I saw you on Friday; I thought it had blown over by this time."





THOMAS WITHERS
 (police-constable N 211.) I was with Randall on the evening of the 7th of Jan., and saw the prisoners together in Upper-street, Islington—a few minutes afterwards I saw Madden with a bundle, and saw him drop it—I was about twenty yards off—I picked it up—it was this cloak.





JAMES WAREHAM
. I am in the service of William Smith, a pawnbroker, at the corner of the Liverpool-road, Islington. This cloak is his property—I hung it at the door on the morning in question, but did not miss it till the next morning.

Madden's Defence. He never saw me about the shop; the policeman tells a falsehood; I never saw the cloak.


Brumnell's Defence. If I had been there, and close to Madden, could the other constable be off seeing me?





THOMAS WITHERS
. I produce a certificate of Madden's former conviction from this Court—(read—Convicted 21th Nov., 1843, of larceny, after a previous conviction, and confined one year.)—I was present at his trial—he is the person—I know him perfectly well.

MADDEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.


BRUMMELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—



Confined Six Months.

