




2217. 




MARY STEPHENS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
25th of August, 12 10l., and 10 5l. promissory notes, the property of 



Thomas James, junior, from his person.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS JAMES
, Jun. I am a cattle salesman, and live at St. Cloud, Cornwall. I have one partner. The money in question was the produce of beasts, which I had sold on account of myself and partner—I had not seen my partner since I sold them—on the 22nd of August I sold 125 beasts for 1200l. odd—I paid 1046l. 15s. into the bankers, all in cheques—I was entitled to a larger portion of the money than I had in my pocket—I came to London on Tuesday, the 25th of August, from Norwich—I had at that time 200l. in country notes, some of the Norwich bank, and five sovereigns, and some silver—a little after nine o'clock on Tuesday evening I went into a cigar-shop on Ludgate-hill, and purchased three cigars—I changed half a sovereign to pay for them—I kept my purse in an inside pocket, in the waistband of my trowsers—I took out my purse to get the half-sovereign—I then placed my purse in my left-hand pocket, not in the same pocket, and came out of the shop—on coming out I saw the prisoner close to the window—I had not observed her before—I think she was in a position to have seen me in the shop—when I came out she asked me where I was going—I said, "Not far"—she invited me to go to a house—I agreed, and we went to a Mrs. Green's, No. 13, King's Head-court, near Shoe-lane, I think—I had not been in the house a quarter of an hour before I missed my notes from my pocket—I had been on the bed with her—I told her she had robbed me of some Bank-notes—she denied it—I said, "You have, and I shall not let you go till I have a policeman"—I kept her there, I suppose, for an hour, trying to get a policeman—I desired the woman of the house to send for one, but she would not—they said they would accompany me to a policeman—we came a little way from the house, and just by a public-house Mrs. Green said, "You had better come in here, and have something to drink"—we went in, and had a pot of porter—my object was not to lose fright of them, and I thought the landlord or landlady might send for a policeman—I asked the landlady to do so, but she refused—we then left the house—a few minutes after we met a police-man, and I gave her in charge—after we had got about 100 yards she made a stop, and said she would go back and speak to the woman—the police-man said, "You are not going back, you are doing something"—he looked at her feet, and said, "You have dropped something there"—he stooped down, picked it up, and said, "Here the notes are"—I saw him pick them up near her feet.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were these notes the property of your partner and yourself? A. Yes—I should have to account to him for them—I have told nearly all that happened—I remember the servant girl coming up after I was robbed—I did not charge her with robbing me—I told her I had been robbed of some Bank-notes, and desired her to send for a policeman—I told the prisoner that she had robbed me, and whether the servant girl had received the notes from her I could not tell—the prisoner took off her gown, and I took off her boots to search her, but no further, that I swear—I thought she might have concealed the notes in her boots—they were laced boots—she was not stripped to her shift—nothing was taken off but her gown and boots—I searched the room, and took up the carpet, and shook it—the woman of the house desired me to search my

own person, to see if I had any thing—I took out some papers, my purse, and a small bag, containing some barley—after the search the prisoner said she was very sick, and desired to have a little gin—she sent for it herself—I did not drink any of it—Mrs. Green desired me to leave the house—we had nothing but the pot of porter at the public-house—the landlady said she would have no policeman in her house—I was quite sober—Mrs. Green did not put her arms round my neck in the street—I did not pull out my handkerchief in the street, nor any thing else—the prisoner said she had got a home of her own, and asked me to go with her, and stop all night—I promised to do so, thinking to get her out of the house, and to meet a policeman, which I did, and gave her in charge—she did not say, "Now give me in charge, if you choose"—I have been in London many times—I was close to the prisoner when the policeman picked up the notes—she did not say, "How could I have secreted your notes after you searched me in the house and found nothing?" that I swear—nor did she say, in my presence, that the notes were not dirty—she was not strapped twice, once to her shift, and once to her stays.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were her clothes taken off at all? A. No—the public-house we went into was near Mrs. Green's—I do not know the name of it—when I was at the cigar-shop the notes were in my fob, in one end of my purse, and the five sovereigns in the other end—I missed all the notes from my purse at the brothel—I had not meddled with the notes at the cigar-shop—I was at the brothel about an hour and a quarter altogether—I did not take my purse out till I missed the notes—I felt it outside, and thought it did not feel so large—as it ought—she was then fitting on the bed at my left-hand side—she had the opportunity of taking the purse out and replacing it—we were sitting in that position about ten minutes, or between that and a quarter of an hour.





THOMAS HARRIS
. I am a supernumerary constable of the City police. On Tuesday, the 25th of August, I was on duty at the corner of King's Head-court, Shoe-lane, and saw the prisoner and prosecutor—the prosecutor said, "I give this woman in charge for robbing me of 200l. in country Bank-notes"—I took her in charge—when we got about half-way down Harp-alley, I observed her shift about a good deal, and the wanted to walk by herself—all of a sudden she turned round and said, "I shall fetch the woman of the house"—she leant herself forward and pulled up her clothes, as it were—I had some suspicion, pushed her aside, and there lay the notes—the prosecutor was about two yards to the left of her at the time, on the other side of the gutter—I was between them—he had not gone over the spot where the notes were.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you walking all close together? A. All three abreast—I had hold of the prisoner by the left arm—she had only her right hand at liberty—it was a dry starlight night—I cannot say whether there was any moon—the prisoner said, "How could I have secreted these notes when I was searched twice?"—I dare say the prosecutor was within hearing at that time—we were all three abreast—he made no answer to it.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. She did not say any thing about having been searched to her stays and shift? A. She said she bad been searched to her shift—I delivered the notes to inspector Lloyd.





SAMUEL LLOYD
. I am an Inspector of the City police. The prisoner and prosecutor were brought to the station-house by Harris, and I received

from him these notes—(producing them)—I asked the prosecutor if he had any private mark by which he could recognize them as his property—he said no; that he received them from various country banks, and he believed the largest number was from the Norwich bank—he said he believed the sum total was 190l. or 200l., in tens and fives—they are tens and fives, and they amount to 200l.





THOMAS JAMES

re-examined. I had no mark on the notes I lost, but these are such as I had in my purse—I believe them to be the same I lost.
(Maria Rolph, of Cumberland-buildings; L—Pulley, of Grafton-street, Marylebone; gave the prisoner a good character till within twelve months; since which they had not known her.)




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years.
