



2167. 




FREDERICK MADDOCK
 was again indicted

 for stealing 1 watch, value 3l. 18s., the goods of 



James Fortie, from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. CAARTBEN
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES FORTIE
. I live at Canterbury-street, York-road, Lambeth. On the 8th of Oct., about half-past ten o'clock at night, I was in Collingwood-row, Black friars-road, and saw two men and a woman going on before me, all abreast, close together—I do not know whether they were arm-in-arm, but they were talking together—the prisoner was one of them—I overtook them, and, after I had passed three or four yards, the female came to my left side, and said, Where are you going, my dear?" or words to that effect—I said I was going home as fast as I could, and did not wish to speak to her—the prisoner was a few yards behind, with the other man—the woman left roe—I thought I felt something at my breast pocket, put my hand down, and found my watch was gone—I had seen it there at half-past nine o'clock—it must hate been in my possession at ten minutes to ten—I did not see her hand there, only felt it—she put her hands on me—she came alongside me, and touched me—I did not feel her directly put her hand into my pocket—I felt her hand touch me just about the breast, in such a way that she could take my watch—she left me suddenly, and was about two yards from me, when looked down, and made a grasp at her to catch her, and instantly received violent blow on my mouth from the prisoner, which stunned me—I laid hold of him, and called out, "Police, run after the girl, she has got my watch"—the prisoner struggled with me, and was just getting from my grasp, when Davis secured him—the woman ran off as hard as she could—I could not see the other man afterwards.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What fixes the time at which you had your watch? A. It was the time I left the person I was in company with at our office—he asked me the time at half-past nine—I did not look at the watch after that—it was a small Geneva watch—it was quite loose in my waistcoat-pocket—there was no sign for her to see that I had a watch when I took it out I was in the machine-room, where I work as a printer—I was not tipsy—I had been drinking, but was quite capable of taking care of myself—I had not taken too much, and did not consider myself intoxicated.

COURT. Q. How long had you had the watch? A. About a fortnight, and was in the habit of carrying it in my waistcoat-pocket—I had a small watchmaker's ease in the same pocket—that was not taken—I had nothing

else in the pocket—I had not been in company with any one after leaving the office, which is in the Old Bailey—no one bad spoken to me—the woman was not a quarter of a minute in my company—I had the same waistcoat on that I have now—her hand came just outside the pocket the watcb was in—she could easily put her hand into my pocket, but I did not feel it in it I had not worn it in the case for the last few days.





DAVID DAVIS
. I live in Collingwood-street, Blaokfiriars. On the 8th of Oct., between half-past ten and eleven o'clock at night, I heard a cry of "Police!" ran into the street, and saw the prisoner and Fortie struggling—I thought they were fighting—I went towards them—the prisoner bad then got from Fortie, who sung out, "I have lost my watch"—I immediately ran after the prisoner—he turned the corner of the street, and finding me close at his heels fell back against the wall and said, "I have done nothing; what have I done?"—I held him till the policeman came up—he bad got the length of six small houses from where the struggle was—he was never out of my sight.





THOMAS WEST
 (police-constable V 249.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted 8th Oct., 1843 and confined twelve months)—was present at the trial—he it the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

