



1968. 




HENRY CRANE
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Edward Walter Carruthers, about two o'clock in the night of the 
13th of August, at 
Staines, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 1 watch, value 1l.; 1 work-box, value 5s.; 1 tea-caddy, value 2s.; 1 spoon, value 9d.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 6d.; and 1 knife, value 3d.; his property.






EDWARD WALTER CARRUTHERS
. I am a shoemaker, and live at Staines, Middlesex. The prisoner was in my service, and left on the Tuesday before the 14th of August—he worked in my shop, which is part of the dwelling-house, and in the parish of Staines—on the 13th of August, I went to bed between ten and eleven o'clock at night—every thing was safe, and the house fastened up—on coming down in the morning, the

blind of the back window was on one side, half a pane of glass removed, and the window open—I missed a watch—a decanter and several glasses had been removed—I missed the articles stated—the caddy and work-box are here.





EDMUND BURTON
 (police-constable T 25.) On the 14th of August I examined the prosecutor's premises—I received a description corresponding with the prisoner, and the articles missing—I dispatched a man on horseback—I received information at twelve o'clock about a watch at Brent-ford —I went with a policeman to Chobham, and found the prisoner at his father's house—he went with me to the Horse Shoe beer-shop, and I asked where he had been the day before—he said in the neighbourhood of Kewbridge, looking for work—I asked if he had been at Brentford—he said he passed through Brentford—I asked if be went to a pawnbroker's there—he said not—I said, "I suspect you of a burglary"—I found the duplicate of a watch, pawned in the name of Spencer, for 1l., on him, and another for a silver watch, pawned at Windsor, and a coat at Jones's—I said I should search his father's house—he replied, "Don't do that, I am the thief, and when you get to Staines I will tell you where the missing property is"—when he got to Staines he desired us to go to a place in a field belonging to Mr. South, where we should find the property, and there we found the tea-caddy and box produced—I compared some marks in the leaden casement with a knife I found on him, it appeared to correspond, and to be the instrument used to remove the lead from the glass—there were impressions of the round point of this knife, which fitted exactly.





JOHN WILLIAM JONES
. I am a pawnbroker. On the 14th of August I received a watch in pawn from the prisoner, in the name of William Spencer, housekeeper, Brentford-end, for 1l., and gave him the duplicate found on him, which is in my own handwriting.

Prisoner. I did not tell him I was a housekeeper.





CHARLES BUTLER
 (police-constable T 194.) I found some decanters and glasses, and several ornaments outside the prosecutor's house.

MR. CARRUTHERS
re-examined. This is my watch, tea-caddy, and box, and this small knife is mine.

Prisoner. I hope you will pass as light a sentence as possible on me.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.
