



496. 




JOHN LLOYD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
13th of Dec, 1 pewter-pot, value 1s., the goods of 



James Higgs: 1 pewter-pot, 1s., the goods of 



John Taylor: 2 pewter-pots, 3s., the goods of 



Joseph King: 2 pewter-pots, 2s., the goods of 



William Lane; and 2 pewter-pots 2s., the goods of 



James Bott: and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM GLASSCOCK
 (police-constable D 22.) On Tuesday morning, the 13th of Dec., I was on duty at the Stock-bridge over the Grand Junction Canal, Paddington—I met the prisoner on the centre of the bridge—he asked the road to Maida-hill—I told him—I then asked what he had got about him—he said, "Nothing"—I put my hand into bis right coat pocket, and there found the upper part of a pewter-pot bent flat, with the bottom cot off—I asked where he got it—he said he found it in the fields—I took him to the station, and found in his underneath coat pocket the bottom of a quart pot, and in his hat the bottoms of two quart pots and five pints, and from his person he pulled out some other pots bent up—these are them.





JAMES BOTT
. I keep the Princess Royal, in Hertford-road, Paddington. This is my pint pot—I can swear to it by the name on it—this other pot is also mine.





HENRY STEVENS
. I am in Mr. Bott's employ. On Tuesday morning, the 13th of Dec, I collected his pots—there were four quart pots, one pint pot, and a half-gallon can—I laid them on a heap of gravel at the end of the norsery-ground—I went away, came back in five minutes, and they were gone—

James Downes afterwards brought me a quart pot and a half-gallon can—these are two pots I lost from the place.





JAMES DOWNES
. I am a labourer. On this Tuesday morning I found a pot and a half-gallon can in the lane corered with bushes—I took them to Mr. Botts.





WILLIAM LANE
. I keep the Castle, Notting-hill, Kensington. These two pots are mine.





JOHN TAYLOR
. I keep the White Horse, Shepherd's Bush. This is my pint pot.





JAMES HIGGS
. I keep the Wellington Arms, Shepherd's Bush. This pint pot is mine.





JOSEPH DEE
. I keep the Halton House, Shepherd's Bush. These two quart pots are mine.

Prisoner. I leave myself entirely to the mercy of the Court.





CHARLES MOTT
 (police-constable T 57.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's—(read)—l was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 45.—


Transported for Seven Years.

