





148. 




MARGARET DIXON,



 MARY ANN FRANKLIN
, and 




MARY BOYD
 were indicted for

 assaulting 



George William Stripling, and putting him in fear, and stealing from his person and against his will I watch, value 4l.; and 1 swivel, 1s.; his goods.






GEORGE WILLIAM STRIPLING
. I live in Little Queen-street, Holborn. On the 23rd of Nov., about twelve o'clock at night, I was at the corner of Gray's Inn-lane—the prisoners accosted me—they all three took hold of me at once—one of them took hold of my watch, and took it out by main force—my watch-guard broke—I have got the remainder of it in my pocket now—I called "Police," and held Dixon and Franklin till the policeman came—I am sure of them—Boyd ran away, but not out of my sight—I can swear she is one of the three who accosted me—they said nothing to me.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. What were you doing there? A. I had been to a friend in Darlington-street, Leather-lane—I did not know Dixon—I will swear I was not in her company a very few minutes before—on my oath I did not go home with her, nothing of the sort—she did not call me a cheat, and say I would not pay her, nor ask me for money—I can prove where I was—not a word passed—I did not hear one of them say, "Why don't you pay the girl the money?"—they said nothing to me—I had no dispute with them at all—I had had two small glasses of gin and water, and nothing else—I was quite sober.





JOHN HENRY LOWE
 (policeman.) I was in Holborn about a quarter to twelve o'clock—my attention was drawn to a party at the corner of Gray's Inn-lane, and I heard the exclamation, Why do not you pay the girl?"—they were about three yards from me—I noticed the man being violently pulled about—I drew nearer, and heard the man call out, "Police!"—a female directly left the party and crept along closely by the wall—I went and asked what was the matter—Stripling said, "They have robbed me of my watch"—I directed Taylor's attention to the female leaving the party, no other female being near at the time—Stripling was holding two females—I asked if he charged them with robbing him of his watch?—he said, Yes."

Cross-examined. Q. Was there a dispute before you got up? A. When I looked towards them—I have said all I heard.





JOHN RUSSELL TAYLOR
. I was with Lowe—he pointed out Boyd to me—I went after her and took her—as I brought her back she dropped this watch—I did not see it fall, but heard it, and picked it up directly—she denied dropping it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you hear Dixon say, "He went home with me, and did not pay me?" A. At the police-court I did—I heard Franklin say, "I went up when the cry of' Police' was."





GEORGE WILLIAM STRIPLING

re-examined. This is my watch, and is the one which was taken from me that evening.

DIXON—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

FRANKLIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.

BOYD—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.






Transported for Seven Years.

