



1830. 




MARGARET HAINES



, stealing 1 half-sovereign, 1 half-crown, 5 shillings, 1 sixpence, 1 penny, and 1 halfpenny; the moneys of 



Henry John Webb, from his person; having been before convicted.






HENRY JOHN WEBB
. I keep a beer-house at Bexley-heath. On the night of 20th Aug. I was in Tooley-street, in the Borough, about nine o'clock—the prisoner met me and asked me to stand some gin—I went with her to a public-house and had some—we were not there more than three or four minutes—the prisoner then said she had had nothing to eat all day—I took her to an Alton ale-house in the Borough, where she had a meat pie—I had then a half-sovereign, a half-crown, and some silver and halfpence in my right hand trowsers pocket—I went home with the prisoner, and 1 found her feeling in my trowsers pocket—I said to her, "You are robbing me"—she said, "No, I am not"—my trowsers were on—I then felt in my pocket, and my money was gone, all but one shilling and two penny pieces—I accused her of robbing me—she said she had not—I knocked for'the woman of the house to come up, and I told her—she said if I would mind the prisoner she would get a policeman—the policeman came, and I gave her in charge—I had before paid the woman 6d. for the room—I took my money out, that I might not give her the half-sovereign, I gave her a shilling, she gave me sixpence back—I know I had my other money safe then.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you speak to me first? A. No—I had a parcel under my arm—we did not go to several public-houses, only those two—you did not pay for anything we had—when we got in the room, the woman asked me for sixpence for the room—I gave her a shilling, and she was giving me sixpence out, and you took it out of my hand.





WILLIAM GRAHAM
 (police-sergeant, M 43). I was taken to that house by landlady—it is a brothel—I took the prisoner into custody—the prosecutor charged her in my presence with robbing him—she said she had no money but the sixpence that he gave her, showing me one in her hand—I took her to the station and told her she would be searched; if she had any money she had better give it me—she said she had some money, but it was her own—there was a half-sovereign, a half-crown, three shillings, a sixpence, and two halfpence in her pocket.

Prisoner. Q. In what position was I in the room? A. You were sitting in a chair—the prosecutor charged you with robbing him of 17s. or 18s.—I did not say of four half-crowns—you laid your pocket down, and I took the money out and took it to the inspector.





ROBERT BRAMFORD
 (police-sergeant, M 12). I was at the station when the prisoner was brought there by Graham—I saw him take this money out of her pocket, and he went into the adjoining room—the prisoner was then taking off her dress—she had her two fingers closed—I took hold of her hand and found in it two shillings—she said they were her own.

Prisoner. Q. Did I put down a sixpence when I took the pocket off? A. Yes, shortly afterwards—you did not say you had two shillings in your boot

Prisoner's Defence, I was coming up Tooley-street, and this man followed me and spoke to me in the street—I did unfortunately agree with him, and paid for as much drink as he did—I did not rob him—I am a married woman—I gave up all, because I would not be exposed.





THOMAS STEWART ROGERS
. I am an inspector of the L division—I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, by the name of

Margaret Coleman—(read Convicted Oct., 1848, and confined nine month the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 47.—


Transported for Seven Years.

