



1420. 




JOHN PRICE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of April, 2 cornice tools, value 1s.; 1 trowel, value 2s.; 1 rule, value 1s.; and 1 hammer, value 1s.; the goods of 



John Clark: 3 trowels, value 6s., the goods of 



Charles Bear: and 2 hammers, value 3s. 9d.; and 1 gauge, value 1s.; the goods of 



William Morton. 







JOHN CLARK
. I am a plasterer, and live in Bouverie-street. On the 19th of April I was at work at the Grotto tavern, Southampton-building Chancery-lane—I left my tools on the first floor there, and missed them on the following morning—I gave information to the police—on Tuesday the 27th of April, I went to the King's Arms public-house, in Duke-street, Grosvenor-square, and found the prisoner there—he was taken into custody, and I saw a rule, a hammer, and gauge, taken from his pocket—the rule is mine.





WILLIAM MORTON
. I am a plumber, and was employed on these premises. I left some tools there, and missed them next day—this hammer and gauge are mine—this plumbing hammer is my master's—here is a cross on it, by which I know it.





WILLIAM FIELD
 (police-constable F 128.) I found the prisoner in Duke-street, Grosvenor-square—I found in his pocket this hammer, rule, and gauge—this other hammer he chucked into the skittle-ground.





WILLIAM SALMON
. I am shopman to Mr. Clark, of Long-acre. I produce a hammer and trowel, pawned on the 22nd of April, by the prisoner.





DANIEL SULLIVAN
. I bought this trowel of the prisoner—he said that two plasterers had died, and he had the tickets to dispose of.

Prisoner. Q. You saw me showing the tools, did you not? A. Yes.





HENRY SMITH
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce two trowels pawned by the prisoner, on the 24th of April.





CHARLES BEAR
. I am a plasterer, and was employed at the Grottotavern. I lost three trowels—one of those produced is mine.
(The prisoner, in a long address, stated that he met with a man at a public-house, of whom he bought the tools, intending to sell them again, but being short of money, he pledged them.)




GUILTY
. Aged 53.—


Transported for Seven Years.
