




2422. 




JOHN ANGWORTH
 and 



SARAH ANGWORTH



, stealing part of a machine, value 1s. 6d.; the goods of 



Henry Bewley and others; John having been before convicted.






FREDERICK PALMER MOORE
. I am manager of the Gutta Percha Works at Stratford. This iron belongs to the Company, Henry Bewley and others—it was in their custody on their premises—I saw it safe at the stock-taking on 29th or 30th June—the prisoner John was employed by the party of whom we rent the factory—he was often on the premises—Sarah was always at her house, which is part of the factory—I understand they are man and wile.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUGHES. Q. How do you identify it? A. By its fitting a machine; it is a very old machine, and never used, to my knowledge—it is worth 3s.





JOSEPH BENTON
 (policeman). On 6th Oct., about seven o'clock, I was on duty at Stratford, and saw the prisoners—John had a sack under his arm, with something very heavy in it—I watched them to a marine store dealers—he gave it to Sarah at the door—she took it in—he went on a little—I went into the shop—the man would not buy it—I spoke to Sarah—she did not answer me—I told the man to detain her, went after John, and brought him back to the shop—he said it was his; that he took it out of a ditch, and had had it twelve months—then he said he took it out of some dirt in the yard, and had had it three months—he took me by the collar, while Sarah escaped—Potter came to my assistance—we took him to the station—he there said he had had it six months—I went to the works—it fitted the screw-holes—they had lately been torn out.


Cross-examined. Q. Was the machine in the yard? A. Yes; a ditch runs close by—it seemed all to pieces—another part of it was gone.





WILLIAM POTTER
 (policeman, K 273). I went to Benton's assistance, and took John—he said he had dug the iron out of a heap of dirt; that he had dug barrows-full out before, and sold it at the same shop—it exactly fits one side of the machine.





WILLIAM WARD
. I am a marine-store dealer at Stratford. I bought a bar of iron of Sarah, between three and four o'clock in the evening before.





CHARLES WILLEY
. I have been in the service of the Gutta Percha Company—this iron belongs to a machine used by them.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you ever seen it whole? A. Yes; I used it twelve months ago.





HENRY DARBY
 (policeman). I produce a certificate of the prisoner John's conviction—(read—Convicted, Dec. 1845—confined six months).—I was present—he is the person.

SARAH—


NOT GUILTY
.

JOHN—


GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Years
.
