



1358. 




THOMAS SHARPE
 was indicted

 for stealing, at 
St. George, Hanover-square, 1 purse, value 6d.; 6 sovereigns, 1 half-crown, and 2 six-pences, the property of 



George Masters, his master, in his dwelling-house; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. WILKINS
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE MASTERS
, solicitor, Duke-street, Grosvenor-square. The prisoner came into my service, as foot-boy, on the 28th of March—on the 16th of April, having been travelling two nights, I went to bed at half-past eight or a quarter to nine o'clock—about a quarter-past nine the prisoner came into my room and delivered me two post letters—I had left my purse on a chest of drawers at the foot of my bed—it contained six sovereigns, a half-crown, and two sixpences—some time after the letters had been delivered I fell asleep—I awoke from some cause, and fancied I saw a person at the foot of the bed—I raised myself gently, and saw somebody, and heard a noise like a purse being thrown on the floor, and rolling—I jumped out of bed and grasped the prisoner by the shoulders—I held him some time, rang the bell, and Hole, my servant, came up—I asked if she had observed the situation of the purse when she had brought me a cup of tea—she said, "Yes, here is where it ought to be," pointing to the spot—she had brought a candle—she found the purse on the floor, about a yard from the prisoner—he at first pleaded intoxication, and afterwards begged me to forgive him for his mother's sake—he was not the least intoxicated—I had seized him about a yard from the drawers—it is impossible that in extending my arm seizing him the purse could have been knocked off the drawers, they are much too high.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you any other name? A. No—I rent the whole house—the ground floor is occupied by myself and partner as offices—it is in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square.





ANN HOLE
. I am servant to Mr. Masters On the 16th of April I went

into his bed-room, about ten minutes to nine o'clock, with some tea—his purse was then on the drawers, where he usually keeps it—some time afterwards he rang the bell—I went up, and found him holding the prisoner there—he had no business there—I had desired him to go to bed—his bed-room is quite apart from the dwelling-house—he had been into his bed-room, and left his candle there—it was there when master rang the bell.





WILLIAM STANTON
 (City police-constable, No, 336.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at the trial, and am certain he is the man.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you entertain any doubt of it? A. None at all—I had him in custody—he was imprisoned seven days—I had 12s. 6d. of his, which I deposited at the Hall till his imprisonment was over—he came to me afterwards for it; I got it for him—this was nearly twelve months ago—I swear he is the person—I had apprehended him, and attended the examinations.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.

