



2039. 




JOHN PHETHEON
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of November, 1 silver saucepan, value 2l. 10s., the goods of 



Thomas Robert Baron Hay.—2nd COUNT, of the 

Earl of Kinnoull.






THOMAS MOWBRAY NEATHAM
. I am servant to the Earl of Kinnoull. His Christian name is Thomas Robert—he is a Scotch Earl—his English title is Baron Hay. I was in his service fifteen years last July—the prisoner was under-butler—the plate was counted out by my directions, and part of it was under my examination—after the counting of the plate, in consequence of something that occurred, I went up to Lord Kinnoull to make some communication to him—I left the prisoner below—when I came back I found him gone—he was brought back by a publican named Graham, in the evening about half-past seven—I had called his attention to articles missing in the plate—the prisoner said nothing to me about a saucepan—(looking at one)—this is Lord Kinnoull's property—it is upwards of two years since I had seen it—I last saw it at Duplin Castle, Perthshire—it was used in Lady Kinnoull's room—it came down stairs in a general way to be cleaned—the prisoner was at Duplin Castle, and followed the family to England two years last April—this is worth under 5l.—in the natural course of things this would come to England.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Is there any mark on it A. No, I do not think there is—I am positive it is Lord Kinnoull's property by its being mended here—I had not said any thing to the prisoner about it—I have seen the duplicate said to refer to the saucepan.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Was such an article as that missed? A. Not till it was found—I have had it through my hands repeatedly.





JOHN GRAHAM
. I am a publican in North Audley-street. On the 16th of July, I saw the prisoner in George-street, going toward Hampstead-road—I had heard something about plate, and stopped him—he came back with me to Lord Kinnoull's house—he called in Charles-street East, and left something there.

Cross-examined. Q. Was he going, when you first met him, in the direction towards the house where he afterwards called? A. I should say not, because he turned to the left to call on his friend—The turned with me, and then called on his friend—he had not passed his friend's house—he had not arrived at it—he was going in a way that would lead to it.





HENRY HOPTON
. I am a coach-maker, and live in Charles-street East, Hampstead-road. On Thursday evening, the 16th of July, the prisoner called on me in company with Graham, and left a parcel with me—I believe he had it in his hand, but I am not quite certain whether he had it in his hand or took it from his waistcoat pocket—when he was gone I opened it—it contained pawnbrokers' duplicates—I gave them to inspector Beresford—I had only seen the prisoner twice before, nine or ten months back.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he say any thing to you when he gave you

the parcel? A. He merely asked me to take care of it—he did not state what it contained.





WILLIAM HENRY MILLS
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Edgeware-road. On the 6th of November this saucepan was pledged at our house in the name of Mary Turner, No. 5, Pechel-street, for 2l. 10s.—I cannot recollect who by—it was taken in by a young man who has since left—this is the duplicate that was given for it.

Cross-examined. Q. Can you tell whether the article was pawned that day, or the ticket renewed? A. I am certain it was pawned, because that day twelve months I was not in business there.





HENRY BERESFORD
. I am a police-inspector. I received ten duplicates from Hopton, one of which is the duplicate produced.

Cross-examined. Q. Were the other nine for articles of wearing apparel? A. Several—one was for a sold pencil-case—I have made inquiries to whom they belong—one article has been claimed by Lord Kinnoull.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Has the gold pencil-case been claimed by Lady Kinnoull? A. No—she has not seen it.




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

First Jury, before Mr. Baron Gurney.

