



2797. 




HENRY CARROLL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
17th of August, 1 cruet-stand, value 2l. 10s.; and 6 cruets, value 10s.; the goods of 



Sidney Bower; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ELIZABETH SHACKELL
. I am servant to Sidney Bower, of Park-terrace, Peckham. On Thursday afternoon, the 17th of August, between three and four o'clock, I was in the front kitchen with the door open, and observed a shadow—in three or four minutes I saw the shadow again—I went to the back door, and saw the prisoner coming down stairs from the back parlour with the cruets in his hand—I took them from him, and held him till mistress came down and took him from me—he got away from her, and ran away towards the Kent-road—I pursued but did not overtake him—I am quite sure he is the boy.

Prisoner. Q. Where did you take me? A. I stopped you on the stairs.





RICHARD POCOCK
. I live in Garden-street, Kent-road, and am nearly thirteen years old. On the afternoon of the 17th of August, between three and four o'clock, I was in Park-road lying on the grass just against the prosecutor's house, and saw the prisoner run out of Mr. Bower's gate, and the witness after him—he ran towards Kent-road-bridge—I met a policeman, and told him what I had seen—I am quite sure he is the boy.

Prisoner. Q. Where did I run? A. Across the fields—I saw you run over the bridge as far as the public-house on the left side of the road—then you came over on this side again.

GEORGE POTTER. On the afternoon of the 25th of August, between twelve and one o'clock, I saw the prisoner in company with two notorious character's

on my beat in the Kent-road—I had had information from another policeman and from the last witness—I took him, went to Mr. Bower's house, and got this cruet-stand.

Prisoner's Defence. There was a fire at my sister's—I came out and was going to look at another fire, when the policeman came and took me for a robbery done ten days before.





JAMES BROOK
 (policeman). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read)—I was present at his trial—he is the boy.




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Justice Cresswell.

