



2716. 




JOHN WILKINS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
9th of Sept., 1 purse, value 1s., and 12 sovereigns; the property of 



Philip Stradling, from his person.







WILLIAM ELLIOTT
. I live in York-street, Westminster, and am a hack. ney coach driver. On the evening of the 9th of Sept. I went to a public. house at a quarter-past eight o'clock—the prosecutor and a soldier were in the tap-room—the prosecutor was drunk, and he engaged me to take him to the Adelphi theatre in my cab—just as I was about to do so the prisoner came in—he said he would take him—they recognised each other as acquaint. ances, and had some rum at the bar—the prosecutor got into my cab—the pri-soner and another man got on the box, and I was to drive to Pimlico—on the road I was ordered to stop at the Gun, and half a pint of rum was called for, which was drank—in paying for it the prosecutor drew his purse from pocket, and could not get the money out—the prisoner said he would do it—he took out the silver, and paid for the rum, and was about returning the purse, but not the silver—at that moment the girl said, "Put that silver is the purse, don't rob the man here"—he did so, and returned the purse to all appearance as it was before—the prosecutor then ordered me to drive bio to the theatre—the prisoner got on the box again, and I went—when I got then the prisoner said, "Drive opposite to the theatre"—I did so, pulled up, and said to the prosecutor, "Will you alight here V—he said, "No, drive when you like"—the prisoner then directed me to drive to Bedford-street to the watering-house, where they would get some supper—I drove there, and when I got off I went to the pump to draw a bucket of water for my horse—as I was returning I saw the prisoner coming from the cab door—I said, "Where is the sailor?" (meaning the prosecutor)—he said, "Getting out"—I went to the cab door, and the prosecutor said, "They have robbed me, and cut my pocket"—I found his pocket was not cut, but turned inside out—the prisoner had then disappeared—I am sure he is the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Was the prosecutor very drunk? A. He was drunk, but not so that he could not move or stand—I saw gold and silver in the purse, and he was too drunk to get it out—I did not see the third man after the prosecutor lost his money—the prosecutor did not recog-nise the other man, but he seemed to know the prisoner—when he found his money was gone he appeared perfectly sober—I did not tell him how 1 sup-posed his money was gone, but I took him to the station—I cannot recollect that I told him that I saw the prisoner coming from the cab—I have know the prisoner eight or nine months—I never knew any thing bad of him.





PHILIP STRADLING
. On the 9th of Sept. I had 12l. in gold, besides some silver, in my purse—I remember going into the cab from the public-house—I had had some spirits in the White Horse, and there was a soldier there that I got talking with—I was rather far gone, but I recollect saying I would have a pint of beer and some bread and cheese, to see if that would set me to rights—I called a cab—the prisoner and another man went with me—the cab-man drove me to the theatre—I did not feel inclined to get out, and said, "Tab me anywhere"—the prisoner said, "Take him to the Bedford"—he took me there, and I got a little refreshed—at that time the cab-man got off—the prisoner and the other man came to the carriage door, opened it, and rifled my pocket out—I will swear there was no other man came there—I have known this fellow, and gave him a drop of grog, and then he served me this.

Cross-examined. Q. Did the cab-man come and speak to you? A. No; I told him of my loss—he said, "Let us look at your pocket," and said it was not cut—he put me into the cab, and drove me to Bow-street—he asked if I knew the prisoner and the other man—I said yes, I knew them both—we cannot catch

the other man—they both came to the cab door, and both were on me together—I cannot tell whose hand was in my pocket—I did not speak to them while they were doing it—they came on me in a moment—I was getting up from the cab as they opened the door—it was not more than a minute after before I saw the cab-man—I do not remember trying to get my money into my purse, nor the girl at the public-house telling the prisoner not to steal my I money.
(George Young a tailor; James Briant, a plasterer; and James Ray, a linkman at the theatre; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.

