



2279. 




THOMAS GRANT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
11th of August, at 
Lewisham, 12 forks, value 12l., 29 spoons, value 16l. 10s., 2 ladles, value 3l.; and 4 knife-rests, value 10s.; the goods of 



William Abbott, in his dwelling-house.






THOMAS BODDY
. I am servant to William Abbott, of Meadow-croft, Sydenham, in the parish of Lewisham. On the 11th of August, I left the dining-room—I he table was prepared for dinner, and the plate-basket was by the side of the sideboard, with spoons and forks in it, and some on the table—I left the window a little up—it looks into the road—I left the room at three o'clock, and went out—I afterwards, in consequence of information, went into the room, and missed the articles stated—I gave

information to the police, and have since seen the articles—they are worth above 5l.—I these produced are them.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What is your master's name? A. William—he has no other name—I have been two years with him—his crest is on the articles.





REV. EDWARD KNIGHT MADDOCK
. I was on a visit at Meadow-croft. On the afternoon of Wednesday, between five and six o'clock, the 11th of August, I met the prisoner near Mr. Abbott's—I here was a boy near him but not immediately by him—I noticed that the prisoner dropped two spoons, and took them up again—in consequence of what I observed, I went in the same direction as he went, and afterwards met him with the same lad—I asked the prisoner if I had not seen him just now at Mea-dow-croft—he said, "No," and I suffered him to go on then—and after going a few paces, he started off across the field, making a motion to the boy to run too—I hey ran in parallel lines, but one diverging from the other—I was alone—I met a painter, who joined me, and we saw the prisoner in a hedge—I had not lost sight of him till I found him in the hedge—he was crouching down—after I came up, I was on one side of the hedge and the painter on the other, and he started up from the hedge and ran in a different direction, and I saw the painter scuffling with him—I afterwards pointed out the spot where he had been crouching down, to the officer.

Cross-examined. Q. Was he apprehended there? A. No, he got away from there—I first saw him between five and six o'clock, I think—he was about thirty yards from the prosecutor's house then, and I was going towards it—I did not turn round to follow him till I had been into the house where I was visiting—I met him again in about half an hour going up towards the Dartmouth Arms public-house, not in a direction for the prosecutor's house—I met him at first coming in a direction from the prosecutor's house—after I had made inquiry, I followed him in the same tract, and met him coming back—I said to him, "Did I see you?"but I had no doubt on the subject—I am quite certain he is the person who dropped the spoons—I wished for positive proof of his guilt—I did not know then that any plate was lost—I might pose he was going to match I plate for his master, who might be a jeweller.





JOHN BEGLE
. I am a painter and glazier, and live at Sydenhara. On the 14th of August, I saw the prisoner running in a field, and Mr. Mad-dock running after him—I came up to him, he was then lying in a hedge, and rushed out upon me—he took something out of his pocket with his left-hand, which looked like a knife—I laid hold of him, but he got from me—he had his coat closed with his hands, and when he came out of to hedge he let go of his coat—I here appeared to be something in his coat—I did not see him taken—I know the spot where he was crouched down.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe the other party has not been taken? A. Not that I know—I he prisoner squared at me, when I came up, with one hand, and his other hand was in his left-hand trowsers pocket.





WILLIAM GLADWIN
 (police-constable R 122.) I produce some gravy spoons, dessert spoons, and forks, which I found in the hedge, within half a yard of where the Rev. Mr. Maddock pointed out, in a lane at Syden-ham, wrapped up in a handkerchief.

Cross-examined. Q. How far was it from where Mr. Maddock pointed

out? A. Close to it—Mr. Maddock showed me the place where he was found in the hedge—I did not show the spot to the last witness.





THOMAS CAMPBELL
 (police-constable R 140.) I produce four dessert spoons, a sauce ladle, and tea-spoon, which I found in the lane, through the hedge, in the same spot—I they had dropped through out of the handkerchief, as my brother-constable took it up.





RICHARD HOBBS
 (police-constable R 138.) I found the prisoner crouched down in a ditch in the corner of Stansbeard-lane—I collared him and pulled him out—he said he was sorry he had not been over the other side of the hedge, and then he should have been two or three miles off—I said, "It is a pity, then, but what you had been on the other side"—he said he was very sorry he had not, and what a parcel of d—fools we most all he to stand there waiting for him—I and my brother-constable took him to the station.

JURY. Q. Do you know where the plate was found,? A. Yes, I took him about a quarter of a mile from there—I he hedge runs all along there—the plate was found in one field, and he in the adjoining field.

Q. How could he get from one to the other? A. There is a cross hedge and a bean field on the other side—he must have gone over the hedge—I took him between six and seven o'clock.





ANN BURNETT
. I live at Brockley Farm. On the 11th of August, I saw the prisoner in Eliza-place, two miles' from Sydenham, with a red parcel—I soon afterwards saw some persons running after him—he ran across the field, but I did not see him put the parcel into the hedge—I was visiting at Eliza-place at the time—I he parcel was in a handkerchief with red spots, such as the one produced.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you known him before? A. No, I am quite certain of him—he was standing about thirty-yards from me when I first saw him—I have not the least doubt of him.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—

Transported for Ten Years.

