



1799. 




HENRY MOORE
was indicted

, for that he, about ten o'clock in the night of the 
28th of May, being in a certain church at 

Camberwell, feloniously and sacrilegiously did steal 1 table-caver, value 3s.; and 1 looking-glass and frame, value 3s., the goods of 



George Hall Pownall and another: 1 printed book, value 4s., the goods of 



Mary Ann Baldwin: 2 printed books, value 4s., the goods of 



Mary Ann Baldwin the younger: 3 printed books, value 10s., the goods of 



Charles Coryton Hutchins: and 1 printed book, value 7s., the goods of 



George Evitt; and afterwards, about the said hour, did feloniously and sacrilegiously break out of the said church.


MR. CHAMBERS
conducted the Prosecution.





MARY JOHNSON
. I am the wife of Benjamin Johnson. I am pew opener in (he district church of Christ Church, in the parish of Camber well—Divine service is performed there according to the rites of the Church of England—there was divine service there on Holy Thursday, the 28th of May—it was over about two o'clock—I was the last person in the church at that time—I left it at two o'clock—the windows were all shut, and fastened in the usual way—there are four doors to the church—two of them I had under my core, which were the centre door on the south side, and the west door—they were both fastened—the other gallery pew openers attend to the other doors—the west door was bolted top and bottom, I am certain, and the centre door had half of It bolted top and bottom—the other half was locked—I pulled it to when I went out, and locked it when I was out—I gave the key to William Whitchurch, the clerk—I will not swear to the prisoner, but I believe I have seen him at the church—I only saw his face, and the upper part of his person; but if you were to ask me if I had seen him there, I should say yes—that was on the Tuesday and Wednesday in Passion week—he was sitting in the free seats—on Friday morning, the 29th of May, Maria Monk called me into the church about one o'clock in the day—I missed the blue baize cover from the table in the vestry, and a looking-glass—the vestry is part of the church—you go through a small door from the church to it, but it is under the same roof—there is no other way of getting to it but through the church—I had seen the baize and the looking-glass safe when I left at two o'clock on the Thursday.





ELLEN MITCHELMORE
. I am one of the pew-openers at Christ Church, Camberwell. On Holy Thursday, I saw the south gallery-door fastened by Maria Monk—it has folding doors—they were bolted top and bottom, with four bolts—about two o'clock I went out at the middle door with Maria Monk and Eliza Farr, but left Johnson there—I have seen the prisoner three times in my gallery, on two Sabbaths, and on the Thursday before Good Friday—he was there during the whole of divine service on each time—he spoke to me on the day before Good Friday and said, " Will you have Sacrament to-morrow? "—I said, No, not till Easter Sunday"—he said he was Surprised at that, and then went away—he was meanly dressed.





JOHN DICKER
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Three Colt-street, Limehouse, which is at least five miles from Camberwell. On Saturday afternoon, the 30th of May, the prisoner came to my shop and offered a Prayer Book and a Bible, which I produce—he wanted 4s. on them—I

saw that the names which had been written in those two books had been rubbed out—that excited my suspicion, and I asked where he lived—he said in St. Ann's Terrace, Limehouse—I knew there was no such place in Limehouse, and I told a person in his hearing to go for a policeman—the prisoner ran out of the shop—I ran after him—I caught him three or four hundred yards off—I brought him back, and took from him a paper parcel containing several Bibles and Prayer Books—I asked where he got them—he said he bought them for 15s.—I gave him in charge—I went to the station-house soon after, and saw him searched—these, and these other three books were found on him—they are two Prayer Books and one Les son Book—she then said he had bought them.





HENRY HARTLEY
(police-constable K236.) I took the prisoner—I have taken care of these books ever since—he said he had bought the books, and afterwards, when he was at the station-house, he said, " As I have to tell the truth about the books, I found them on Thursday evening"—nobody had said any thing to induce him to say so.

Prisoner. I deny stating that I found them on the Thursday evening.





CHARLES BALDWIN
. I live with my mother in the Old Kent-road—one of these Prayer Books belongs to her—her name is Mary Ann Baldwin—her name has been in the book, but it is rubbed out—this Prayer Book and Lesson Book belong to my sister, Mary Ann Bald win the younger—they had been kept in the pew in Christ Church, Cam berwell—I had seen them on the Sunday before Holy Thursday.





CHARLES CORTTON HUTCHINS
. I attend divine service at Christ Church, Camberwell—this case, which contains a Prayer Book, Lessons, and a Testament, is mine—I had them in use on the Sunday before Holy Thursday—they were left locked up in a small cupboard in the pew I sat in.





GEORGE EVITT
. This Prayer Book is mine—I left it in my own pew in Christ Church, on the Sunday before Holy Thursday.





MARIA MONK
. I am one of the pew-openers at Christ Church. I left on Holy Thursday before Mary Johnson—I saw the south gallery-door fastened and bolted inside—I know Mrs. Baldwin's books and Miss Bald win's—these are them—I left them on the cushion in Mrs. Baldwin's pew on Holy Thursday—I went to the church again the next day, between twelve and one o'clock—I went in at the centre door, by unlocking it—that door was quite safe—I saw books lying scattered about the pews—I missed several books, and among the rest Mrs. and Miss Baldwin's—I saw the south gallery-door was unbolted and unlocked, and only pulled to—a per son in the church could get out by unbolting the south gallery-door, which leads into the church-yard by going down two steps.





WILLIAM WHITCHURCH
. I am clerk of the District Church of Christ Church, Camberwell. In the afternoon of Holy Thursday, I went to show the church to some friends—I went in at the centre-door, by unlocking it—I did not open any of the other doors, or any of the windows—I went into the vestry—I saw nothing whatever disturbed—I think the looking-glass and blue baise were both there—I should have noticed if they had not—I am not positive about the looking-glass, but the table-cover I am certain I saw—I and my friends left at nearly half-past six o'clock—I went out at the same door I went in at, and locked it.





GEORGE HALL POWNALL
. I am one of the churchwardens of Christ Church, Camberwell, and there is one other. The piece of blue baize

and the looking-glass were kept in the vestry—they belonged to the vestry.

Prisoner's Defence. I found the books in the high road—that is the truth.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years


Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
