





701. 




HENRY WALKER



, stealing 1 watch; 1 brooch; 2 pairs of earrings; and 1 handkerchief, value 20l.; the goods of 



Ralph Hunt, in his dwelling-house; and





SARAH HINE
 and 



SUSAN JONES



 feloniously receiving the same, &c.


MR. PARNELL
conducted the Prosecution.






ELLEN HUNT
. I am the wife of Ralph Hunt, and live at 5, Helmet-row, St. Luke's. At five o'clock on Monday evening, 10th Jan. I saw the articles named in the indictment, safe, and in a tea-chest, on the drawers in the bed-room—the chest was locked, and the keys in the drawers—I missed them about five—I have seen the handkerchief since.

Cross-examined by
MR. COOPER. Q. Do you occupy this house? A. Yes—there are four bed-rooms, and the lower part is a shop—I had not looked into the chest for six weeks before I lost the things—I have one servant, and a charwoman occasionally.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You have a very bad son, have you not? A. Yes.





JAMES HUNT
. I am the prosecutrix's son. I have known Walker about two years—I saw Walker on Thursday evening, 6th Jan., about seven o'clock—he asked me to try to get some money—I said I would try, and the next day, when my mother came down stairs, about eight, I went into her bed-room, took the key out of the drawer, unlocked the chest, and took out a gold watch, two pairs of earrings, a brooch, two finger-rings, and a gold pin—these are the earrings (produced)—Walker was at this time at the corner of Helmet-row, in sight of the house—I saw him there when I came down after breakfast—I beckoned to him—he came to the door, and I gave him the watch and jewellery—I told him I should be out in half and hour, and to wait for me at the corner of Helmet-row—my mother gave me this handkerchief to blow my nose with—I went out in half an hour, found Walker there, and went with him and another boy to Holmes's, in London-passage, Whitecross-street, and then to Hine's house, in the Vinegar-ground—Walker gave Hine the watch—she went out, and returned in three quarters of an hour with three others—Jones is one of them, and Hawkins another; the other was a man named Mitchell, and Hine asked me if it was right—I said yes, and they all went out but me, Walker, and Holmes—they came back in about a quarter of an hour, and Hine said they had sold the watch for 2l. 15s.—3l. was produced—Hine went out for change—I had a sovereign, and Walker another—they kept the rest—Hine and Mitchell said they should keep that for their regulars—Jones was there and heard that—as soon as they came back I asked Hine if they could sell the jewellery—they were all there then—she said, "Let me look at it"—I gave it her, and she said she should keep it for her regulars as well—Walker showed the handkerchief to Jones—she snatched it out of his hand, and said she should keep it, as all

the others had got something—nothing was said about whose handkerchief it was.

Cross-examined by
MR. COOPER. Q. What shop does your mother keep? A. A watch-tool dealer's—I did not say how I came by this property—it was the man that asked whether all was right—Hine was present—he asked that of me—I said, "Yes"—I did not know him or Hine before.





HENRY ROBERTS
. I am pawnbroker, at 13, Old-street-road. I produce a pair of gold earrings, pledged by Hine—they were pledged first by some one else, and redeemed by Hine, and she pawned them again on 7th Feb.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-sergeant, G 20.) On 11th Jan., about eight o'clock I went with Hunt and his father to Hine's lodging, in Cross-street, Vinegar-ground—she was pointed out by the boy, and I told her she must come along with me, for receiving a gold watch, and other articles of jewellery, from the boy—she said he was wrong—I told her I was going to search the place, and asked if she had any pawnbroker's duplicates—she said, "Only a few relating to a few things of my own"—she went to a picture that was hanging over the mantel-piece, and took from it a brown-paper parcel, which I took from her hand—it contained nine duplicates, one relating to this pair of earrings—I said to a constable with me, "This duplicate relates to a pair of earrings"—she said, "It was not pledged by me, it was pledged by ✗Till Hawkins"—I afterwards went to Jones's lodging, and told her she was charged with receiving a handkerchief from the boy, and that she was also present when a gold watch and a quantity of jewellery was disposed of among them—she said, "There is a lying young b—"—I searched, and in a pocket of a dress behind the door I found this handkerchief (produced)—I took both of them to the station—Walker was brought to the station on Friday, the 14th—I told him he was charged with stealing a gold watch and a quantity of jewellery—he said, "I never had them in my pocket at all, but the other boy did."

Walker's Defence. I did not have the things; I did not go to Hine's house; it is all a story; I did not have the silk handkerchief, it was given by Hunt to Jones, I was not there that day; it was another boy.

WALKER*—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.

HINE*—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.





Transported for Seven Years.


JONES—


NOT GUILTY
.
