



726. 




JANE STOOR
. was indicted

for uttering a forged order for payment of 1l., with intent to defraud 



Mary Edwards; and that she had been previously convicted of felony.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.


MARY EDWARDS. I am a widow, and live in Brunswick-street, Commercial-road. About the middle of Jan. the prisoner came to me and told me she had got an advance note for 1l. she wanted cashed, and wished me to do it, for the note was all right—that she was going into a little business, and wanted the money very badly—she produced the note to me, it was in the name of Mitchell—I gave her a sovereign for it, and she afterwards gave half-a-crown out of it for cashing it—in a few days she came again with a second note, and asked me to cash that for her, as she wanted me to do all her business—I did not cash it—I had not got the money, and told her to call in a day or two—she told me I was not to let Mr. Myers, who she lodged with, know anything about it—I went to Mr. Chapman, in Leadenhall-street, and made inquiries—in a few days I went to her and told her the note was forged—she said, "Pooh, pooh! it is a parcel of nonsense," and said she had got it from a sailor, and if I would wait a day or two she would write to her brother at Liverpool, and pay me the money—this was on the Wednesday—I was to wait till Friday or Saturday—I did not see her again till she was custody, a few days after, about some other matter—this is the note.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON
Q. Can you read writing? A. No—I can read a little—I know the note by the name "Edmonds" being scratched out—I am in the habit of cashing seamen's notes—I do not always get 150 per cent.—this was half-a-crown in the pound—she gave me that.

MR. PAYNE. Q. When you saw her in custody, did she say anything to you? A. She said she hoped we would not hurt her, that trouble and sorrow drove her to do it—Mr. Myers was with me.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. That was after you had had another note or two? A. No, I only cashed this one—I get my living by taking in a few sailors as boarders—I had two or three, sometimes five or six—I do not keep what is called a crimp—I do not get ships for sailors—I do not know whether the prisoner has a husband—she said the second note was her husband's, and it would be paid on the 2nd—I did not know her as a person in the habit of receiving sailor's notes—she was brought to me by a person who is here, who heard that I advanced money on notes.

WILLIAM ASTEL. I am clerk to Manning and Anderton, ship-brokers, of New Bank-buildings—they have a vessel called the Ann—it is known in the trade by the name of the Big Ann—William Bruce Stevenson is the master—I know his handwriting—the vessel left England some time in Jan., bound for Madras and China—there was a seaman on board named Edmund Mitchell—I have his advance note, which is signed by Captain Stevenson—it has been paid—the note in question is not signed by our Captain Stevenson—it is not drawn on Manning and Anderton, but on Messrs. Chapman, No. 1, Leadenhall-street—it mentions the Big Ann, bound for Madras, Bombay, and China—I do not know of any other Big Ann in the trade.
Court. Q. There may be a Big Ann besides yours? A. Yes.


SAMUEL LOVELOCK. I am clerk to Messrs. Chapman, of Leadenhall-street. They have no vessel called the Big Ann, and no captain named Stevenson—this note was presented at our office about two months back—this note has not the signature of anybody connected with our house or ships.

Cross-examined. Q. Is there no other Chapman in Leadenhall-street? A. There is Edward Henry Chapman, a shipowner, in Leadenhall-street, but this note says Mr. Chapman.


MRS. EDWARDS
re-examined. The prisoner said she would take the man who gave her the note, when he came home.





WILLIAM STOREY
 (policeman K 149). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted Nov., 1845, and confined six months)—I was present at the trial—there were three indictments against her then.




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Twenty Years.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)
