



676. 




THOMAS WILLIAM JONES
 was indicted

 for stealing 60 yards of silk, value 15l.; 14s., the goods of 



Charles Cooper and another, his masters; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. WILDE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM DAMAN
 (police-constable G 161.) On the 8th of Jan. I took the prisoner into custody, and found thirty duplicates on his person—I went to his lodgings, at No. 6, Bridgewater-gardens—I there found a trunk, and found this duplicate in it—I then went to Grant, the pawnbroker's, with Woolcott, and some silk was produced.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where was the prisoner when you broke open his trunk? A. In custody—I broke it open by order of the inspector—the prisoner said he lodged at No. 6, Bridgewater-gardens.

MR. WILDE. Q. Where was the box opened? A. At the station—the prisoner saw it at Worship-street, and applied to the Magistrate to have the things that were in it.





WILLIAM THOMAS CASTLE
, shopman to Mr. Grant, pawnbroker. The prisoner pawned these two remnants of silk on the 2nd of Oct.—I gave him this duplicate of it.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite sure he pawned it? A. Yes—we have a hundred persona come in a day sometimes.

MR. WILDE. Q. Have you any doubt that the prisoner is the person? A. No—this is the ticket I gave.





WILLIAM CLARKE
. I am shopman to Grant. A person came to our shop to pledge these two lengths of silk—this is the duplicate I gave—I cannot be certain of the prisoner.





JOSEPH WOOLCOTT
. I am purchaser of goods for Cooper and Batchelor, of Bond-street The prisoner came into their employ on the 13th of March, and left in October, the same year—we took stock in October, and found a deficiency of from 80l.; to 100l.; worth of goods in our general stock—on the 9th of Jan. I saw Daman, and went to a pawnbroker's—there were two remnants of silk produced—these are them—they are my master's—I have no doubt of the first length—the second I am more positive of, having only one of that particular sort in our stock; and from what we have sold, which we can trace, we miss about fourteen yards.

JURY. Q. You have sold similar lengths? A. Yes, but from the particular mode in which we keep our stock, we know every length that is sold—the remnant there corresponds with the deficiency, and the piece we have now in our premises—the prisoner had an opportunity of getting at these silks—this one is of a particular make.

Cross-examined. Q. How many persons were in your employ while the prisoner was there? A. Four or five—the firm consists of Charles Cooper and Henry Batchelor—there is another Cooper in the house, but he is not of the firm.





JOHN SAMMONDS
. I am clerk of the gaol, Liverpool. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the Clerk of the Peace, at Liverpool—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

