



1165. 




WILLIAM PINK
, was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
26th of March, at 
Paddington, 1 watch, value 42l.; 1 watch-chain, 10l.; 1 watch-key, 1l.; 1 seal, 1l.; and 1 egg-cup, 5s.; the goods of 



William Gentle, in his dwelling-house; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






ELEANOR ILBURY
. I am nurse to Mr. Seaton, of Park Villas, Paddington. On Sunday, the 26th of March, about half-past twelve o'clock, I was looking through the nursery window, from which I can see Mr. Gentle's house—I saw a man getting over the railing in front of Mr. Gentle's house, into the garden—he ran across the garden to the house, pushed up the window, and got in—I ran down stairs, crossed over, and rang the bell at Mr. Gentle's gate—the moment I rang, I saw the same man come across the garden and jump over the rails—I did not see him come out of the window—he looked round, saw me standing at the gate, and ran away—the

prisoner was brought back in about five minutes—he is the man that had got into the house.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you ever seen the man before? A. I do not remember—I saw his face before he got in—it occupied a very small time—when he came out and saw me, his face was crossways—I was five or six yards from him—the window I was looking from was shut, I was looking through the glass.

MR. DOANE. Q. Have you any doubt that the man who was brought back was the man you saw run away when you rang the bell? A. It was the same man.





MARIA PURKIS
. I am fellow-servant with Ilbury at Mr. Seaton's. I followed her over to Mr. Gentle's—when she rang at the bell, I saw the prisoner get out of the window, run across the garden, get over the railings, and run away—he was brought back in a few minutes—he is the man.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen him before? A. I never remember him. I did not see him go in—I was close to him when he came out—I particularly noticed his face, so as to know him again—I only saw him for a few seconds—he had a hat on—he went very quickly past me—he was brought back in about five minutes.





ELEANOR BRACKLEY
. I am servant to Mr. William Gentle, of Warwick Villa, in the parish of Paddington. On the day in question I heard a ring at the bell—I went to the parlour, and observed the window half way up—I had been in that room not long before—the window was then about two inches up—I looked about and missed a gold watch, a chain, seal, and key from the mantel-piece; I also missed an egg-cup from the sideboard—those things were quite safe at eleven o'clock.

Cross-examined. Q. What is Mr. Gentle? A. Not anything, I believe—he is a retired gentleman—I never heard him called Sir William.





JOHN WOOTTON
. I am ten years old, and live with my father at No. 7, Bell-street, Edgware-road. On the 26th of March, about half-past twelve o'clock, I was sitting on a wall near Mr. Gentle's house, and saw a man chuck his hat over the palings, and then jump over after it—when he got into the gardens he picked up his hat, put it on, and then went and got in at the window—I saw the servant go and ring at the bell, and after that the man jumped out of the window—the prisoner is the man—he jumped over the palings and ran into the road—I ran after him, and called out "Stop thief"—when I did that the prisoner dropped a gold watch—I did not stop but went on—he then checked an egg-cup into a pond—at last he had to get through some posts, and I caught hold of the skirts of his coat—he tried to get away from me, but I held on, and he dragged me along after him—while I was clinging to him some gentleman came up and laid hold of him—he asked me what I was going to do with him—I said, "Wait till the gentlemen come, and then you will see"—I afterwards accompanied the gentleman to the pond, and saw a man hook up the egg-cup with a stick—he gave it to a policeman—I took the gentleman to the place where I had seen the watch dropped, and saw a gold watch, a chain, seal, and key lying on the ground there—I saw them gives to the policeman.

Cross-examined. Q. After you had seen the watch and egg-cup dropped, did the man you were pursuing run through a nursery-ground? A. Yes, Carroll's nursery—it is a large place; there are trees in it—I got over a ditch into the nursery—there is a path into it—the man got out of the nursery, and then ran into the road, and as he was running through the posts I caught him by the coat-tail—the posts are in the Howley-road, not far from the nursery—I was about as far from him as from me to the Judge, when he was

crossing the nursery—he was not standing at the posts, he was getting through, and as he was running round two posts I caught hold of his skirts—I was sitting on the wall, looking at the man pumping the water out of his boat—there is water on the opposite side to Mr. Gentle's—I was looking towards the water, not towards Mr. Gentle's; but I turned round, and saw the man chuck his hat over the pales—I was just going to get down—I live about twenty minutes' walk from Mr. Gentle's—I go to school regularly—I had leave to go for a walk on this day—I had never seen the person before—I was about a quarter of an hour running to the posts from Mr. Gentle's.

MR. DOANE. Q. Did you ever lose sight of him after you began running after him? A. No.





TIMOTHY MORIARTY
 (police-constable D 191.) I heard the little boy cry "Stop thief "—I afterwards received the prisoner into custody—the egg-cup, gold watch, chain, seal, and key were given to me, and I produce them.

Cross-examined. Q. You received them from persons who are not here? A. Yes—the prisoner said he was not the man.

COURT. Q. Did you see the prisoner stopped? A. Yes—I did not see him before he was stopped—I first saw him in Howley-place—a gentleman had hold of him—the little boy was there—it is about forty or fifty yards from Mr. Gentle's house—I know the nursery-garden—it is a little way up from Mr. Gentle's, not exactly between that and where I took the prisoner, a little to the south of it—I did not see the egg-cup found.

MR. DOANE. Q. Did you retain custody of the prisoner all the while? A. Yes, while the others went with the boy in search of the egg-cup and watch, which were afterwards given to me.





ELEANOR BRACKLEY

re-examined. This is the egg-cup which I had put on the side-board—this gold watch, chain, seal, and key, are what I missed when the bell rang—they are my master's property—I had seen them safe at eleven o'clock.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know it is your master's watch? A. I have often seen it—he has frequently laid it on the table—he had gone to church, and left it on the mantel-piece—I do not remember ever having it in my hand before—there is one seal to it—I know my master's crest; I have seen it on letters which he has sealed—I do not remember it, but I should know it if I saw it; it is a beast I should say—I know the egg-cup, because we have several more like it—I had used it that morning.

MR. DOANE. Q. Does this correspond in every respect with your master's watch? A. Yes—the glass is broken.





JAMES M'CRAW
 (police-constable D 89.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at his trial—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.


First Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.

