




98. 




MARY ANN DIAMOND
 and 




ROBERT MILLER
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
29th of Oct, 1 jacket, value 10s.; 1 pair of trowsers, 8s.; and 1 handkerchief, 3d.; the goods of 



William Kelly; and that Diamond had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM KELLY
. I am a seaman, and lodge in Farmers-street, Shadwell. on Tuesday night, the 29th of Oct., I was at the Bell with a shipmate—Diamond was in there drinking with some shipmates—when I went in she asked me to give her something to drink, which I did—she then asked me to give Miller a glass—I filled the glass, and gave it her—she brought it across the room, and Miller drank it—Diamond then came and sat by me for about five minutes—they took the cap off my bead, and began dancing about the room—Diamond then asked if I would go home with her—I said I had not much money—she said, "Let me search your pockets"—she took 4s. out of my jacket pocket, and another shilling from my other pocket—she said that wonld do—I went with her—she sent for It. worth of drink—I went to bed with her—the next morning I awoke between rive and six o'clock, and as my clothes were gone—I asked her where my things were—she said they were in the drawers—my shirt was on—my jacket, trowsers, and handkerchief were gone—I wanted a light, and was going to open the window—Miller came into the room—Diamond said to him, "Open the window for him"—he did so—she then said, "Lend the man a pair of trowsers to go to his boarding-house," which he did, and he went with me—I said to her, "Where are my clothes?" and she said, "Bring me 10s., and I will give them to you"—I went to my boarding-house, rapped my landlord up—I asked him for half a sovereign, and he had not got it—I then went to my ship, and got my wages—I came back with the money in my hand—there was another man in company with me—I said to Diamond, "Give me my clothes," and offered her 10s., but she would not—I asked her to give me the duplicate, she wonld not—I then went for an officer—these are my clothes.

Diamond. Did I not pawn the clothes off my back to support you? you had no money but 3s., and out of that you spent 2s. Witness. No—no such thing.

Miller. You did not see me in the Bell with this girl—I came into the room at seven o'clock the next morning. Witness. I saw you in the Bell at the opposite side of the room—and I saw you in the room we went to that night, and again the next morning—it is at No. 7, Bluegate-fields.





DAVID POWELL
. I am shopman to Mr. Child, of Shadwell, pawnbroker. I produce a waistcoat, which was pawned by Diamond.





HENRY KIMPSON
. I am in the service of Mr. Wood, of Ratdiffe Highway. I produce a pair of trowsers pawned with me by Miller, on the morning of the 29th of Oct.

Diamond's Defence. He came and took me over to the public-house; he

said he had just come up, and he would meet me that night at the Bell; he brought me 5s. for the time he had been with me before, and eating and drinking with me—he said he would go to his landlord, and get half a sovereign; then he would go and get his chest; they would not let him have it; he wrote to Liverpool to his aunt to get his pension; he could not get it, and I pawned even my own body linen, and other things to support him; he took me to the Bell that night, and drank; he said he had no money, but he would leave the worth of the money with me; Miller was in the room; he then said he would go in the morning and get some money; I said, "You know how you used me the last time you were here;" he left his things, and said, "Give me a pair of trowsers to go down with."





WILLIAM KELLY
 re-examined. I did not give my clothes to her, or leave them with her—I went to bed between eleven and twelve o'clock, and the next morning between five and six they were gone—I had had communication with her before, but I had paid her—I do not owe her anything.

Miller's Defence. He told me to come and see him in the morning; I went; he asked me for a pair of trowsers; I lent him a pair; he went down to his boarding-house; he then came to the Pavior's Arms and had a glass of rum for himself, and a glass of gin for me on credit; he told me if I saw the girl to tell her he would be with her presently—another girl, not Diamond, asked me to pawn these things; I took them openly, and have lost my ship.





RICHARD CLAYTON
 (police-constable K 265.) I produce a certificate of Diamond's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—she 1s. i. e same person.

DIAMOND—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.

MILLER—


GUILTY
. Aged 34.—



Confined Six Months.
