




1726. 




JAMES HOARE
 and 




EDMUND DOWNER
, were again indicted for

 feloniously receiving 5 saws and other tools; the goods of 



Charles Mitchelmore; and other goods of other persons; knowing them to have been stolen. 
MESSRS. RYLAND
and
LAURIE
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES MITCHELMORE
. I am a carpenter, in the employ of Messrs. Thompson and Morgan. On 16th June I was at work in Westbournterrace with Cole, Franklyn, and Poole—we left off work about half-past five o'clock that evening—I left some of my tools on the bench, and some in a basket in the house, No. 106, Westbourn-terrace—the door had a lock to it—we considered the tools quite safe—it was the carcass of a house—we had made a shop of a part of it—I went back, between seven and eight the same evening, with William Cole, one of my fellow-workmen—the shop-door was broken open—I went in, and found the fire had been lighted—I missed my plane, plough, chisels, and various other things, which have not been found—these are part of my tools (produced)—I saw them again at the station on 13th Aug.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Are they marked? A. Some of

them; two or three are not—these chisels have my name on them—West-bourne-terrace is near Hyde-park—my tools are worth about a sovereign—I have had them four or five years in constant use.





WILLIAM COTTE BOONE
. I was in the employ of Messrs. Thompson and Morgan, builders. On the evening of 16th June I left my tools at the building, some on the bench, and some in my basket—I went back that evening with Mitchelmore—the door was broken open, and my tools were gone—I have seen some of them since—these two planes are mine—they have my mark on them—I have had them about a year and a half, and used them constantly.





HENRY FULL
. I am a carpenter. I was at work at Westbourne-terrace—I left a quantity of tools at the shop on 16th June—I missed them on Monday, 18th June—this plane, saw, and basket are mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Has the basket your name painted on it? A. No, it was new; I had bought it three weeks previous—it was a common sort of basket—I would not swear to it, I believe it is mine—here is a new piece of cord which I put to it myself—I saw it again on 13th Aug.





WILLIAM FRANKLIN
. I am a carpenter, and was working at Westbourne-terrace on 16th June—I left a saw there when I left work—I missed it—this is it—it has a peculiar handle, and one of the rivets is gone—I have had it three years—I am certain it is mine.





DANIEL MAY
 (City-policeman, 357). I have been in the police eight years—the prisoners were brought to the station on 9th Aug.—on that day I went with Green, searched No. 44, Compton-street, and found these tools produced in the top room—it was a sort of lumber-room—the shop is a metal-shop—the name of James Hoare is over the door—I afterwards showed the tools to Hoare, and asked him if he could give any account of how he came possessed of them—he said yes, he had bought them at different sales, and had had them for years, but he should decline to answer any more questions—I afterwards showed them to Downer, and asked him whether he could give any account of how he came in possession of them—he said, "Yes, I have had them for years; I bought them for my son, who is a carpenter; it has cost me upwards of 70l. buying tools on several occasions"—I was about to ask him another question, when he said, "I shall not answer any more questions"—I had known the prisoners before—I had not known either of them living at that house in Compton-street.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you ask Downer any other question; you say you were about to do it? A. I believe I did—I do not recollect what it was—what I have given is the truth—I am not certain whether I did ask him the question or not—I do not know that it is a very improper course to pursue, to get persons out of the cells, and ask them questions separately—I thought it was a very proper course—this was not a usual case—I never had such a case before—I should do the same if such a case occurred again.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Where was this property when you showed it to them? A. In a room at the station—there was a quantity of property beside the tools I have produced here today; there were no other carpenter's tools—there were a number of brass tools—I did not point out any particular tools to Hoare, but they were lying where he could see them—the carpenter's basket was very large—the other tools were in small parcels about—I believe I was taking a right course in doing this—I am aware that a Magistrate before he questions a prisoner is bound to caution him as to

what he says—there was no charge against the prisoners about these things then—I meant to charge them against them, if they did not give an answer as to how they came by them—I did not know one word about these tools being stolen—I had not heard the information at that time—I believe there was information, because I saw it afterwards in the book—I believe Green was standing by—I do not think he took any part in this—I do not know whether he could hear what was said—he was somewhere about there—I have never done this before—I was not directed to do it; I did it out of my own head—I believe there were some complimentary remarks made by the Magistrate about my doing this.

MR. RYLAND. Q. There was a great deal of other property lying about; where did it come from? A. From No. 44, Compton-street—I found a basket amongst other things, and it was at the station, with all these tools in it.





ALFRED GREEN
 (City-policeman, 376). I found this card on Hoare when I searched him in the station, on 9th Aug.—it is, "James Hoare, wholesale iron and metal-dealer, 44, Compton-street, Clerkenwell"—I accompanied May to search that house—I assisted him in finding these carpenters' tools—I was present at the station, and heard May say, "How do you account for these tools," showing him the tools and the other things—Hoare said he had had them for years, and purchased them at different times—I heard a similar question asked of Downer, and he said he had had them for years, and had purchased them for his son, and they cost him 70l.—in going down to the cell, I said, "Your son?"—he said, "Yes, Hoare is my son, he is a carpenter"—I had been to the shop before with Meredith—I found Downer standing behind the counter—I asked him if he was master of the shop—he said, "Yes"—I asked him if his name was Hoare—he said no, but he was at my service—Hoare came up a trap-door in the shop—I asked him if he knew anything about the lead—he said yes, he had lent money on it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Were you aware that there was a charge about these articles being stolen? A. No—I went about for two days, to make inquiry about them.

HOARE—


GUILTY
. Aged 39.—


Transported for Twelve Years.

DOWNER—


GUILTY
. Aged 53.—


Transported for Ten Years.

