



15. 




WILLIAM ARMSTRONG
 was indicted

 for feloniously and knowingly uttering, on the 
15th of November, a forged order for the payment of 2l., with intent to defraud 




Henry Hogg.






GEORGE GILPIN
. I am shopman to Mr. Hogg, of No. 73, Fleet-street, a hosier and glover. The prisoner came to the shop on Monday, the 15th of November—he purchased two shirts, a pair of gloves, a long-end stock, and a pair of braces, amounting to 25s., and asked if I would send them

for him—I said, "Yes "—he offered this cheque to pay for them—(produced)—he—gave the name of Mr. Jackson, No. 15, Henrietta-street, Covent-garden—I sent the cheque over by the boy to Mr. Hogg, who was at the other shop, No. 174—he came over, and asked the prisoner if he had got any more money, as it was very unreasonable to expect a tradesman to change so small a draft to an utter stranger—he said he had no more money—he asked if he had got any at his lodgings—the prisoner said he had—Mr. Hogg sent me with him with the goods—I had got the cheque—we did not go to Henrietta-street—he wanted me to go, while he waited in Tavistock-row—I said I would not go without him—he then said he did not live there, and we did not go—I asked what business he had to give me the name of Mr. Jackson, No. 15, Henrietta-street—he did not give me any answer to that—he said he was left in the world without father, mother, or friends, he did not want cheque or goods, and I could go back, and tell master I had missed him in some way—I said I would not do so, he should go back with me—he said it would be of no use, for he should not be able to let us have the money then—I said I would go any where with him as long as I could get the money—I at last called a policeman, and gave him in charge—I know this to be the cheque Mr. Hogg brought back to me.

Prisoner. Q. Have you not another name besides George? A. No—I did not give two names at Guildhall—I was behind the counter when Mr. Hogg came into the shop, about a yard or two from him—I cannot tell the number of the house that we stopped opposite in Tavistockrow—you afterwards told me you lived in the Regent's-park, not that you had friends there—I understood you to say you lived there—you did not ask me to go to Lewisham-street with you, or any where else.





HENRY HOGG
. I am a hosier and glover, and have two shops in Fleet-street, No. 73, and No. 174. On Monday, the 15th of November, I was sent for to the shop No. 73, where the prisoner was—the prisoner gave his address No. 15, Henrietta-street, Covent-garden—I told him I recognised him as the same man who, on the 3rd of November, had attempted to pass a similar cheque on me, and he then gave the name of Phillips, No. 15, Norfolk-street, Strand—he said he was not the same individual, he had come from the country the night before—I gave the parcel and cheque to Gilpin, and told him to take it to No. 15, Henrietta-street, Covent-garden, with the prisoner, and to get the money, or bring the prisoner back in custody, and he brought the prisoner back in custody—the first thing I said to him was that it was not reasonable to expect a trades-man to change cheques for a stranger, and said, "Have you got money to pay for the goods?"—he said he had not, but had got it at his lodgings, and that induced me to send the boy with him—this is the same cheque as I brought back, and gave to Gilpin.

Prisoner. Q. What day of the week was it when I came to your place first in November? A. On Wednesday, the 3rd of November—I am quite sure you are the same person—I said at the station, if the goods were paid for I did not care about the charge—the inspector said it was a proper case to go before a Magistrate, so of course I gave way to that.





CHARLES DOMVILLE
. I am clerk to Messrs. Masterman and Co., bank-ers, Nicholas-lane. I have searched their books, to see whether there is any account of any customer of the name of Montague, the drawer

of this cheque, and we have no account in that name—we hare no per-son entitled to draw cheques with the signature of E. Montague—(cheque read)—" November 15th, 1841. Messrs. Masterman and Co. Please to pay Mr. Jackson, or bearer, the sum of 2l.—on demand. E. MONTAGUE."




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.
