



230. 




ADOLPHUS JOYCE
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 painting, value 4l.; and 1 frame, 10s.; the goods of 



James Robinson, in his dwelling-house; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES ROBINSON
. I live in Bedford-street, Covent-garden. On the evening of the 22nd of Nov., I had a painting at my shop—I saw it safe near five o'clock in my shop, which is under the same roof with my dwelling-house, in the parish of St. Paul, Covent-garden—the shop is part of my dwelling-house—I missed the painting within half an hour—this is it.





HENRY ATKINS
. I am shopman to Mr. Young, a pawnbroker. This painting was pawned with me by the prisoner, about seven o'clock in the evening of the 22nd of Nov.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not tell you I could not take 1l. for it before I asked the person? A. No—you asked to leave it—you went out, but was not out two minutes before you came back again—I know you as pawning things at the shop—that is why I am so positive you have pawned this—I have taken things in of you occasionally.

Prisoner. Does it stand reasonable that I should take a painting that I knew was stolen to a pawnbroker's where I was known? I said a man gave hie the painting, and I could not take 1l. before I went and asked the person.

Witness. No—you said you could not take the money, and you asked my young man's permission to leave the painting—you went outside, and came in again, and said, "You must lend me 30s."—I said I could not, and you took the sovereign—there might have been some one outside—I did not go out to see.





JAMES LEWIS ASHMAN
 (police-constable F 119.) I saw the prisoner after he was remanded, and I heard him say to the inspector that a man of the name of Jones or Jerry Lewis gave him the painting, and told him it was stolen—I know Jones and Lewis—they are thieves.





GEORGE MONK
 (police-constable C 161.) I took the prisoner—I said it was on a charge of stealing a painting—he said, "Oh."





JAMES LEWIS ASHMAN

re-examined. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted 19th Aug., 1844, and confined nine months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.

