



737. 




JOHN HAWKINS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of December, 38 pairs of stockings, value 1l. 16s., the goods of 



Thomas Pick-ford and another, his masters.


MR. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN CHADWICK
. I am a buyer of hosiery for Messrs. Morrisson, of Fore-street. I made some purchases of Mr. Cotton, a hosier in Nottingham, and on the 22nd of December I received five hampers in Milton-street, near Fore-street—they contained from 80 to 130 dozen pairs of stockings each—there was no invoice with them—that came by post—the hampers were numbered—among them was one No. 29—it ought to have contained 52 dozen of No. 7, and 69 dozen of No. 8, of women's cotton stockings—there was a deficiency of three dozen in the paper marked No. 8—the woven mark on the stockings was No. 300—I did not ascertain the quantity that was in the hamper till after the policeman came, which was, I should think, about the 25th or 26th of December—I can undertake to swear that the hamper was in the same state when I looked at it as when it came to our house—the hampers were removed, but none of the goods removed from them—these articles were at the top of the hamper, under the lid.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Were they under your eye all the time? A. Yes—I did not observe No. 29 in particular—they were all rather loosely corded—after the policeman called I examined it, and it appeared loose—the whole property in the hamper was worth 60l.—the three dozen pairs were worth about 1l. 14s.





JOHN COTTON
. I am a stocking manufacturer at Nottingham. In November last I sold some goods to Mr. Chadwick for the house of Morrisson—I put up among other things 69 dozen of women's cotton stockings—the woven number on them was 300—that is to distinguish our own manufacturing—each manufactory has its own particular number for particular kinds of goods—these stockings were enclosed in a paper parcel marked

No. 8, and the hamper was No. 29—I looked to the packing of this hamper—there were 69 dozen of this particular sort in that hamper—there was a mistake in directing the hampers, and they were directed to Messrs. Person's.

Cross-examined. Q. When was it you sent them up? A. They left me on the 18th of November—I have seen some of them since, in possession of Restieaux, the officer.

COURT. Q. Can you speak to those as part of those you packed in No. 29? A. I can—those which were found on the prisoner are part of them—I know them by the mark on the paper, and by the make, and by the stamp on them, which is peculiar to myself.





JOHN GOOD
, I am warehouseman to Messrs. Person, and Co, in St. Paul's churchyard. I received some advice from Mr. Cotton of some goods, and we received five hampers—from some advice which we afterwards received, we sent them all back to Messrs. Pickford's—they had never been opened in our place at all—they were directed to us, and I tore the direction off.

Cross-examined. Q. Where were they placed when they came to your premises? A. In the open warehouse—they were there about a fortnight—they were never opened during that time—we had four other hampers there—they were not touched—these hampers were sent back in the same state in which they came, as far as I know.





CHARLES WTATT
. I was clerk to Messrs. Pickfords. I remember five hampers coming to their warehouse on the 18th of December, which had been to Messrs. Person's—I saw them on the 18th, and they were in good condition—it was part of my business to remark if the packages were disturbed, and I should have marked it in the way-bill—these hampers were sent round to what we call the order warehouses on the 19th—on the 18th they remained on what is called the receiving bank, which is a raised part for goods—the prisoner was in the employ of Messrs. Pickford in the up side, in which things come from the country—those goods which are to be delivered in town are put into the wagon, and the others in the order warehouse—it would be the prisoner's duty to have them sent there, and
he had access to the warehouse.

Cross-examined. Q. That is to say, the door of the warehouse was not locked? A. No—the prisoner's business would carry him to the ware-house—there is always a gatekeeper to see that persons do not carry things away without a proper pass.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Do you mean every person is examined? A. No person is allowed to take out a parcel.





WILLIAM KEMP
. I remember the five hampers being in Pickford's order warehouse—I saw them there on the 19th of December—the prisoner was employed there that day—I saw him about seven or a quarter-past seven o'clock that evening—it was his business to go to the order warehouse—there is a place called the bank—the prisoner was generally employed there—that is about fifteen or sixteen yards from the order warehouse—he would have occasion to go to the order warehouse—I have two ware-houses there, and am frequently obliged to be away from the order ware-house—the prisoner quitted from eight to half-past eight.

Cross-examined. Q. What length of time were you absent from the order warehouse? A. Sometimes a quarter of an hour, or half an hour—I

have known the prisoner nine years—he was brought up from a boy there.





GEORGE JOHN RESTIEAUX
 (police-constable E 49.) On Saturday evening, the 19th of December, I was in Church-street, St. Giles's, about a quarter-past nine o'clock. I saw the prisoner and two others in company—in consequence of something I observed, I went up to the prisoner—he seemed confused—he had a bundle under his arm—I stopped him, and the other two made off in the direction of Oxford-street—I asked the prisoner what he had got—he said, two coats, which were his own, and had been so for six months; and if I would go to Pitman's-buildings his wife would prove it—I produce the coats—they are old, and appear to have been worn by some gentleman, being of a superior make—one of them is a frock-coat, and the other a close body-coat—I took him to the station, and in his trowsers I found this packet of stockings—I said, "What have you got there?"—he said, "They are stockings"—I said, "Is it any use going to your wife?"—he said, "No—she knows nothing at all about it—I found them"—in going to Hatton-garden on the Monday, he said he picked the bundle up in St. Luke's churchyard on Saturday night, the coats tied in a handkerchief, and the stockings tied at the top of the bundle—Saturday night was wet and sloppy, and the bundle was quite clean—I found on him two knives and some papers belonging to Mr. Fickford, which led me to make inquiries.





RICHARD BROUGHTON
. I am shopman to Mr. Thnrsfield, at the corner of Han way-yard, Oxford-street. On Saturday, the 19th of December, about nine o'clock, I heard a rustle among some boards, which have play-bills on them, at our door, and I saw something thrown into the shop—as soon as I had done serving a customer I went and picked it up—it wast paper parcel—Mr. Thursfield gave it to the policeman.





JOHN PARK
 (police-sergeant E 5.) I received from Mr. Thursfield this paper containing eight pairs of stockings.





JOHN COTTON

re-examined. These eight pairs of stockings are part of those I sent, and are of the same quality as the others.





JAMES WARD
. I am clerk to Messrs. Pickford. Their names are Thomas Pickford and Joseph Baxendale.
(Alexander Moore, a boot-maker; Thomas Spraggs, a milkman; William Pry, a baker; and John Farmer; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
