






256. 




ANDREW DANIELS,



 JOHN BROWN,



 ELIZA DANIELS
, and 




EMMA WILSON
, were indicted for

stealing 5 handkerchiefs, value 9s., the goods of 



George Swaine Whitechurch.—2nd Count, stating it to be 5 yards of silk; and that Andrew Daniels had been before convicted of felony.






SAMUEL SMITH
. I am assistant to Mr. George Swaine Whiteehurch, a hosier, in Bishopsgate-street. About five or six o'clock, on the 13th of Dec, Eliza Daniels and Emma Wilson came to the shop, and asked to look at a pair of men's lamb's-wool stockings—I showed them some—they said the price was too high—I showed them another parcel—they looked at them, and then Eliza Daniels said to Wilson, "I think you had better go outside, and tell him to. come in and choose for himself"—Wilson went out, and Andrew Daniels came in with her—the policeman came in and took them, and shortly afterwards two pieces of handkerchiefs were produced to me, which had been safe in the window—these now produced are them—they are my employer's.





GEORGE TREW
 (City police-constable, No. 26.) About five o'clock in the evening, on the 13th Dec, I met the four prisoners in King William-street—I and my brother officer followed them—the two females went into Mr. White-church's shop, and the two men remained about fifteen yards from the door outside—I went and got on a cab—I there lost sight of the men—I saw Wilson come to the shop door and beckon to Brown, she then took from under her cloak these pieces of handkerchiefs and gave them to Brown—he put them under his coat, buttoned it up, and walked off—I took him and the rest of the prisoners.





JOSEPH HEDDINGTON
 (City police-constable, No. 20.) I saw the two females go into the shop—one of them came out and spoke to the two men, and Andrew Daniels went in with her—in about five minutes I saw Brown come away buttoning up his coat—I went into the shop and took the others.





JAMES BROOK
 (police-constable L 118.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Andrew Daniels, by the name of 


Andrew Dandy, former conviction, which I got at the Session's house at Newington—(read—Convicted 7th July, 1845, and confined twenty-one days)—he is the person.

ANDREW DANIELS—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.


JOHN BROWN†—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—



Confined Six Months.


ELIZA DANIELS—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

EMMA WILSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.






Confined Three Months'


