



1654. 




SARAH BROUGHTON, alias
 Judd

, was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Goddard, and stealing two coats, value 10s.; 2 pairs of trowsers, 6s.; 1 waistcoat, 2s.; 1 hat, 1s.; and 1 sheet, 1s. the goods of 



John Palmer; and that she had been before convicted of felony.


MR. BALDWIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN PALMER
. I live at No. 2, Wilson-street, Barnsbury-park. On Tuesday, the 24th of July, I went out at half-past five o'clock in the morning—I am positive I locked my door—I have only one room, which is the back parlour-the window was shut down, I am positive—it had not been open that morning, but I fancy it was not fastened—I observed that it was closed before I went out—I cannot say whether I shut the street door or not—I returned at seven o'clock in the evening, and found the room-door tied up with a cord—the staple of the lock had been wrenched off inside—I found a rasp and a table-knife on the bed—I suppose they had got in at the window, and forced the door from inside, because the door-staple inside was broken—it could not have been done I from outside—I missed the articles stated in the indictment—these things produced are all mine—they are worth about 2l.—the prisoner is a total stranger to me—I saw her the evening before, about a quarter after eight o'clock, and she asked me if Mrs. Goddard was at home—that is my land lady, who lives in the next room—the prisoner was then at the door—I was in the room, she knocked at my door, opened it, and asked me the question.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You were near your room door, the door was not fastened? A. It was ajar—I know it was the prisoner by her features—I saw her when the policeman took me to a cottage—she stood with the door in her hand, and looked me full in the face—I know this waistcoat-here is a piece which I put in the back of it myself—I have no particular mark on the other things, but I know them to be mine—three families live in the house besides the landlady—I found the clothes in the prisoner's possession—I locked the door, and took the key with me—I know I did not open my window that morning—it is my habit, but something strikes me that I did not do so—I am certain I did not—I recollect looking at it, and seeing it was down—I fasten it sometimes—the room is about eight feet by twelve.





MARY ANN HIPKINS
. I am the wife of Henry Hipkins, and live in this house. On the morning in question, between nine and ten o'clock, I caroe down, and saw Mr. Palmer's door open—it is a back room—I knocked at the door to see if he was at home—I received no answer, and knocked at Mrs. Gadden's door, and went over to Mr. Gadden's son's to come and fasten the door up—he tied it with a bit of rope—I did not notice the lock—I did not go into the room.





HENRY HIPKINS
. I am the husband of the last witness. I know the prisoner, and have seen her frequently at the house—I saw her on the 24 of

July, at a quarter before seven o'clock in the morning, standing before Mr. Palmer's door—she said, "Is Mr. Palmer at home?"—I said, "1 don't know"—I left her there, and went away.

Cross-examined. Q. you had seen her there several times? A. Yes—her her sister lived in the first floor front room at that time—I do not know what the prisoner is—her sister has a person living with her—I do not know whe-ther they are married.





ALEXANDER PHILLIPS
. I live in Great Saffron-hill. On the 24th of July, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, I was standing at my door, and the prisoner asked me if I would buy some old clothes which she had—I saw they were very old—I asked her if they were her husband's—she said that she had parted from her husband—I asked How she got them—she said she went out charing, and they were given to her where she had been at work—I gave her 5s. for them—they were two old coats, two pairs of trawlers one hat, and one shirt, which are now here.

Cross-examined. Q. you are a general dealer? A. Yes—the things are not worth 10s.—I have repaired them myself, and now a person here values the whole of them at 10s.—I have done about 4s. worth of work on them—: they are not worth 2l. to me—I have not had the waistcoat—I never saw the prisoner before, but could tell her among 10,000—she had not that shawl on—she had a dark shawl—I swear to her countenance—she had a bonnet on, I do not know what kind—I saw her in custody four days after.





LEONARD GEORGE NEEDS
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Upper Penton-street, Islington—this waistcoat was pawned at my shop for 6d. by a female in the name of Sarah Edwards.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-constable N 9.) On the 25th of July I took the prisoner in charge in Pocock'n-fields, close to the cottage where she lives, and very near to the prosecutor's—I told her what it was for—she said she did not commit any robbery there, or at any other place—I took her to the station, and handed her over to the woman to search her—I looked through the cre-vice of the door, and saw her moving her hand very quickly—I pushed the door open, and took a duplicate of the waistcoat from her mouth—nobody but her self lived at the cottage—there is no difficulty for a woman to get in at the window—it is about four feet high, and there was a tub placed underneath for a person to step on—this rasp and scissors laid on the bed—they belong to Mr. Palmer—he said they were taken from his bench.





LEONARD GEORGE NEEDS

re-examined. This is the counterpart of my duplicate.





EDWARD JEFFREY
 (police-constable N 259.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted Feb., 1844, and confined one year)—I was present at her trial—she is the person mentioned in the certificate.




GUILTY * of larceny.
 Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

