



2889. 




JOHN SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
22nd of October, 1 waistcoat, value 6d., the goods of 



William Elliott, in a vessel, on the navigable river 
Thames.







WILLIAM ELLIOTT
. I am a sailor, belonging to the Ellen: she is on the Thames. Between seven and eight o'clock in the morning of the 21st of September, I saw the prisoner, with my jacket in his hand, in the cabin—he had no business there—I asked what he wanted—he did not speak—I spoke again—I said, "If you do not speak, I will very soon see who you are"—I hove the bed-clothes off me, he made a bolt to the steerage, and I after him—I got hold of one of his legs, and he had no shoe on—he tumbled down by the gangway, recovered himself, and plunged into the water—I called out "Master!" he hove out after him, I traced him up along the lighter—he dodged us under the barge stern—I caught him, and found this waistcoat—it is mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Yon found it in your own cabin? A. Yes, it was removed—I was awoke by the prisoner's coming into the cabin—I had no light in my cabin—I saw somebody holding a waistcoat up—I saw him in the water—be made about four strokes between mud and water—the ladder was on the ship—I did not lose sight of the prisoner—he got to shore about a quarter of a minute before I got there—he wanted to stow himself away under the barge—it was about half flood—I laid my clothes in my own cabin, close by the cabin table—the hatchway was all open—no one was sleeping near where I was but the master—I was the only person sleeping in my bed cabin—the master has got one side of the steerage for his state-room, and I the cabin on the other side.





GEORGE ROBINSON
 (police-constable K 130.) I took the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he say it was not him, it was another? A. Yes—he was covered with wet and mud—he tried to drag me into the river.




GUILTY
.** Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.
(The prisoner had been convicted eight times since 1840.)
