




2044. 




WILLIAM BOYCE
 and 



MARY BOYCE
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
17th of July, 1 sovereign and 1 shilling, the monies of 



Henry Lucas, from his person; and that 



William Boyce had been before convicted of felony.






HENRY LUCAS
. I live at Mr. Wild's, in Rosemary-lane. On the afternoon of the 17th of July I met the prisoners in Rosemary-lane—the man asked me to treat him to a pot of beer—I said I would—I took him into a public-house, and called for a pot of beer—I pulled out a sovereign and two shillings—I had to change a shilling for the beer, and was going to put the rest into my pocket, when the woman knocked my elbow, and the money fell on the floor—the man picked it up, put in into his pocket, and went out—the woman followed him—I was a stranger in England, I had only been about two hours in London, and was never here before—the witness Windsor was showing me my way about—I told him what had happened.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Were not both the prisoners drunk? A. They were very drunk, but knew what they were about—the money was loose in my pocket—I was a little tipsy—the woman knocked my elbow on purpose—I am quite sure the sovereign was dropped—the two witnesses were in the house—I cannot say how many more—there was a woman inside the house.





THOMAS WINDSOR
. I am a labourer, and live in Hearn's-court, Dock-street, East Smithfield. On the 17th of July I met the prosecutor in Rosemary-lane—he asked me to show him the way to a cheese-merchant's, and in the way we saw the prisoners—the man said, "Old boy, will you stand a pot of beer?"—he said he would—he went into the tap-room, ordered the pot of beer, and pulled his money out to pay—the woman dodged him in the elbow on purpose, and the money fell down—I saw the man pick it up—he had a sovereign in his right hand and a shilling in his left—they ran out directly—I found Chaplin, the constable, about half-past seven o'clock, and told him—it happened between two and three o'clock—the man was drunk, but the woman was not so very drunk.

Cross-examined. Q. Was not William beastly drunk? A. Yes—the woman knew what she was about—it was a planned thing—a man named Ryan was in the house—they went off too quick for me to stop them—I was quite sober—I went after a policeman, but could not get one—I called the landlord—he took the woman and shoved her out—the man had run away, and the woman remained—she took up her shoe in the scuffle, and was going to hit Lucas with it.





DENNIS RYAN
. I am a labourer, and live in Crown-court, Blue Anchor-yard. I was at Hawkins's public-house, and saw the prisoners and Lucas come in—I heard a noise in the tap-room, and when I entered I saw Boyce stooping, and saw a shilling roll round to my toe—Boyce picked it up, and went off with it—he put his left elbow on the bar, and changed something from his left to his right hand, put it into his pocket, and walked out.

Cross-examined. Q. All the parties were the worse for liquor, were they not? A. None of them so bad as not to know what they were

doing—they were not drank, but rather tipsy—I saw no beer brought in, nor any money changed—I knew Boyce before—I did not know whether the female prisoner is Mrs. Boyce—I believe she passes as Mrs. Boyce—I know nothing of their living together.





JOSIAN CHAPLIN
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoners into custody, in their own room, early in the morning—I found them in bed together—I told them they were charged with stealing a sovereign and a shilling—the prosecutor was present—they both denied having seen him, or having any conversation.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not they say they had never seen him, to their knowledge? A. Yes.

MR. PAYNE
called






THOMAS BAKER
. I am a shoemaker, and live at Jonnson's-change, Rosemary-lane, about twenty yards from Hawkins's door. I was in my own room, and saw the prisoners and prosecutor, very much in liquor, enter the public-house—I did not see any thing that took place inside—I saw the male prisoner come out first, and afterwards saw the landlord put the female and the prosecutor out, and say he would not draw them any beer, but to go where they bad been getting drunk—I afterwards saw the prosecutor and the chief witness (Windsor) standing in conversation together, as soon as they were put out of the public-house—they were there about five minutes—they then walked towards the Minories—they returned in about two hours—I was then standing talking at the public-house door—Windsor said the prosecutor had lost a sovereign—there was another young lad with him, who is a very had character—he said the lad had accompanied them over the water—I asked what they had been doing over the water—he said they had been to an alehouse, and bad three glasses of ale each, they then went into an eating-house, and had something to eat, and some ginger-beer—I asked who paid for all this—he said the prosecutor paid for it, and he said to the prosecutor, "George, where is your sovereign?"—he said, "I have it safe in another pocket, wrapped up in a piece of rag"—Windsor said to him, "Show it to me?"—he felt in his pocket, and said, "I have lost my sovereign "—Windsor said, "Let us go back to the public-house where we were, and see if them people have not got it;" and so they came there.





THOMAS WINDSOR

re-examined. This is not true—he had the same story at Lambeth-street—I had no conversation with him—it is all invention.





HENRY JOHNSON

re-examined. I never saw that man before.





GEORGE JOHNSON
. I am a greengrocer; I was a policeman. I know the male prisoner—I was present when he was convicted—he is the person mentioned in this certificate, which I got from Mr. Clark's office.—(read.)

W. BOYCE. Aged 40.—



GUILTY of Stealing, but not from the person.




Transported for Seven Years.

MARY BOYCE—


NOT GUILTY
.
