




2262. 




WILLIAM BUGLER
 and 




JAMES BATHGATE
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
28th of June, at 
St. Marylebone, 1 300l. Bank-note, the property of 



Edward Wenman Martin, the master of the said 



William Bugler, in his dwelling-house.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






EDWARD WENMAN MARTIN
. I live at No. 61, Upper Seymour-street, Portman-square, in the parish of St. Marylebone. The prisoner Bugler was my butler and footman in June last, and had been in my service some time—early in this year I had a 300l. Bank-note—my banker's book was enclosed in this paper, sealed up, and I placed the 300l. note in the fold of the paper—I cannot remember when it was—it was probably four or five months from this time—the note was quite concealed from any body but myself—a person lifting the parcel up had an opportunity of seeing the note without breaking the seal—I wrote on the cover the number of the note—it is here in pencil—I put it into a drawer in my bed-room, which is over the back room—I keep waste paper and articles of no value in that drawer—I called it a litter drawer—it was not locked—on the 13th of July I had occasion to look for my banker's book—I had often looked at the parcel, but not opened it, but I had satisfied myself that the note was there about a fortnight or three weeks before the 13th of July—on the 13th of July I opened the parcel, and found the 300l. note was gone—I made a communication to the Bank of England—I had written the letter "M" on the note—this is it—(looking at it)—it corresponds with the number on the envelope, and has my initial "M" on it—Mrs. Martin is in the habit of seeing a great many female acquaintances on Sunday, and did so on the 28th of June—at the time of receiving the ladies it was Bugler's duty to be in the hall or library adjoining from two till six o'clock—his duty was in the lower part of the house—he could have no duty to perform which would require him to go into my bed-room at that time—if my slippers had been in my bed-room, it was the duty of the housemaid to fetch them down, not his—I went out on Sunday, the 28th of June, between two and three o'clock, to take a walk, and was gone between two and three hours.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. He had been in your service, I believe, about two years? A. On and off, but he left me for about six months—I have three female servants, no other man—there is no lady's maid—one servant attends to my wife—they would all have access to the bed-room—Bugler slept in the house—Bathgate was never in my employ—the Sunday on which I took a walk was the 28th of June—I have recollected the circumstance, and have no doubt of it—I cannot tell upon what day previously I had gone to the drawer—I think I may say within a fortnight—I might venture to say less—Mrs. Martin was receiving visitors on other days, but on Sunday she receives a great many—the visitors' servants never come into the house, that is the positive order—it is very uncommon at my house for other servants to be in the hall—my servants would lose their places if it was found out—the envelope contained the banker's book, and the note was put under one of

these flaps—I am perfectly certain the note was safe about a fortnight previous to the 28th of June—I had but one male servant—Bugler's business was not confined to the cellar—there was no limit to the work he had to do—I never directed him not to fetch my slippers down—I should have been rather surprised to have seen him in the bed-room—it is part of the duty of the female servants to put the room to rights—I am in the habit of leaving my slippers in the bed-room when I dress—I entertained a good opinion of Bugler's honesty.





JOSEPH SAVAGE
. I produce the 300l. note from the'Bank of England—it was paid in on the 30th of June—the name on it is "J. Batten, Newbury, Berks"—I gave 100 sovereigns for it myself, and a ticket for the remainder in notes at another office—that was at the request of the person presenting it—this is the ticket.





JOHN HAWKES
. I am a clerk in the Bank. I paid the 200l. authorized to be paid by this ticket—I gave the notes, another clerk entered them—he called them over to me—I saw him enter them, and I am certain his entry was correct—he called them over from the book—there is ten 10l., from No. 87159 to 87168, dated 3rd of April, 1840; twenty 5l. from No. 1306 to 1325, dated 1st of June, 1840. Six of the 10l. and five of the 5l. have been returned to the Bank, and among them, one 10l. note, No. 87160, and one 5l. note, No. 1313, the whole amount to 85l.





SARAH BROWN
. I am one of the housemaids in the prosecutor's service. In June last, Bugler was the footman—Bathgate used to come to the house to see him—I came into the service on the 9th of April, the last time, and within about six weeks I saw Bathgate coming to visit Bugler—he used to come two or three times a week—he did not come for two months before Bugler was taken into custody—mistress was in the habit of seeing visitors on Sunday—I recollect the last Sunday in June, (the 28th,) very well—master went out about two o'clock—the other housemaid went out at the same time as master, and the cook was out all the morning—Bugler and I were the only servants in the house—mistress was at home—two or three visitors came in between two and three o'clock—I had occasion to go up stairs to my master's bed-room—it was not particularly in my care—the other housemaid has the care of it as well, but Bugler had nothing to do with it—I went up to make the bed about five minutes after master was gone out—the bed-room is over the back drawing-room—I made the bed and came down—I brought down the slippers, and put them in the library—I went up stairs almost directly afterwards with a jug of water, and saw Bugler coming down on the upper stairs, between the bed-room and drawing-room—he bad no business at all up those stairs at that time—I said, "Where the deuce have you been, Bugler?"—he said, "For the slippers"—I told him I had brought them down—he was in a tremble, I recollect, and when he came down into the dining-room I asked him what was the matter with him, as he appeared very ill—he said he was ill, and asked me to fetch him some spirits, but I did not—he stopped in the dining-room a very short time, and then went down stairs—from the dining-room window I can see the area steps—after he had gone down I was at the dining-room window, and saw Bugler let Bathgate out—up to that time I did not know that Bathgate was in the house—I had not let him in—I saw him come out of the area—Bugler let him out at the area gate with the key—he unlocked it—they spoke to one another before they parted—Bugler came back to me in the dining-room, and said, Jem


(meaning Bathgate) had been again bothering him for some money—on the following Wednesday night, I was ironing in the kitchen, and heard a ring at the bell—I went into the area and found Bugler at the gate, or I should have gone up to answer the gate—Bathgate was outside the gate—they were talking—Bathgate appeared to be tipsy—I went back to the kitchen—Bugler returned to the kitchen in about five minutes, and said, Jem was quite tipsy, and he had come for some money, but he should come again next morning, and that he was going into the country to see his wife—I never saw him again till I saw him in custody.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure he said on the second occasion that Jem had come for money? A. Yes, quite certain—I have always been certain of that—I have been examined before—I am quite sure he said Bathgate was going into the country to see his wife—I have always been certain of that—I have been in the prosecutor's service altogether four years—my master does not change servants very often—I have been there now nearly six months—the other servant is not here—the cook has been fourteen months in the service, and the other housemaid four months, but the had lived there before with me—previous to that four months, there was another servant—the one I succeeded was Bugler's wife—the servants receive visitors—we have each permission to receive a visitor on Sunday, any female friend—there were never any visitors besides those we were entitled to have—I am quite certain of that—it was very seldom anybody called except on Sundays, but there have been visitors call on other days—that was not against mistress's orders—she did not object if they did call—she has seen them on week days, and has not objected.





JOHN GARDNER
. I am a stable-keeper, and live in Ely-mews, Ely-place, Holborn. I have known Bathgate since 1822—I saw him in June last at my place—I cannot tell about what time in the month it was—it must have been, I think, the latter end—he came to me, and said he should want me in the course of two or three days—I asked what for—he told me he wanted me to take a note to the Bank of England, to get change for a 300l. Bank-note—I asked him whether it was a just, honest note—he said yes, it was—nothing was said about where it was—two or three days afterwards he came to the stable, and showed me a 300l. note—he asked me whether I would go and get it changed—he said nothing as to where he got it—I Was before the Magistrate about this—(looking at his deposition)—I cannot read without my glasses—he did not say any thing when he brought it, or before he brought it, as to where it came from, or was to come from.

Q. Did he say any thing about a drawer? A. He said there was a drawer up stairs, where there was a 800l. note—that was three or four days before I saw the note—it was not the first time he came to me, I believe it was the second—it was before he brought it—he said it was to be got at, that he could take and get it in five or ten minutes' notice—he came and showed me the 300l. note three or four days afterwards—when he brought it he said he wanted me to get change for it at the Bank of England—I told him no, I would have nothing to do with it, I had been in town thirty-two years—he said, "You are an old fool, and will never do yourself any good"—he went away—in an hour and a half I saw him again—he brought a bit of a note for me to take to a man in Barbican, to get the change of a 10l. note, where he had bought a Macintosh coat—I went to the house, and saw the man there, and gave him the note—he looked at me, and sent a boy with me with the change, instead of giving it to me—the boy did not give

Bathgate the change in my presence—I found Bathgate in the mews, and called him out of the stable, but did not see the boy speak to him—I did not see the boy go away—after that Bathgate asked me how I was getting on—I said, very poorly, and things were very bad with me; and he gave me a 5l. note, and 2s. for going with the note—he went up stairs at my place—I had a box there, which I gave him, as he said he wanted a box—I did not see him take it away, or put any thing into it—I then went a public-house, and when I returned Bathgate was gone, and the box also—this is the box—(produced)—I kept the 5l. note about a week, and changed it at Spiller's—I think I saw him write my name on it—I have changed notes there before—(looking at No. 1313)—I see "Gardner, Ely-mews," written on this, and "4—7—40, J. H. S."—no doubt that is what Spiller wrote when I paid him the note—I have no doubt this is the note I paid him—I never knew Mr. Martin, nor where he lived—I never heard the name of Mr. Martin mentioned in any conversation I had with Bathgate—(looking at his deposition)—Bathgate told me he could get the note by a person who cleaned boots and shoes outside the door, but he never had access to the house—he never mentioned Mr. Martin's name—I never knew Mr. Martin's name till after I was taken to Hatton-garden.

Cross-examined. Q. Then it is not true that Bathgate told you he had got the note from the man who used to clean Mr. Martin's clothes, and carry his boots to his room? A. No, he never said so, he never told me that—I will be on my oath that he never said so—he never told me where he got the note—he said he could get it at five or ten minutes' notice—Mr. Martin's name was never used in my hearing—I read what was pointed out to me in my deposition—it is true—Bathgate did not tell me the note came from a man who cleaned Mr. Martin's boots and shoes—he told me it could be got at—that it laid in a book in a drawer—I think my deposition was read over to me, I have no doubt it was—I see Mr. Martin's name mentioned in it as being stated by me at the police-office—what I stated at the police-office was true, but I did not know Mr. Martin's name till I heard it mentioned at the office.

Q. I should like to know what you are? A. I see after horses, and take horses in—the man in Barbican did not know me, to my knowledge—I have lived in Ely-mews going on for five years—I have known Bathgate eighteen years—I never heard of Bugler—I have been intimate with Bathgate many years—I do not know where he lived—I never knew any thing of his circumstances—I do not know what he is.

Q. Did you think he was a sort of man likely to have 300l.? A. I do not know any thing about him—I knew nothing about where he got it, but he told me it was an honest note—I could not tell whether his circumstances enabled him to possess such a note—he had had very good services—he might have it honestly—I could not tell where it came from—I had never been to his house—I know he lived at Collingwood Hall, in North-umberland, in 1822, as groom—I never knew a groom save 300l.

Q. When he said it was in a book in a drawer, I suppose you thought it was drawer in his own house? A. I could not tell—I did not think any thing about it—I did not know where it was—I did not think it a good job getting the 5l. note, I thought I deserved it—he has been a friend to me, and I have been a friend to him—I thought that was the reason he gave it me—he said it was for old friendship sake—I did not think it odd—I have met with several such friends—I never got a 5l. note for being asked to change a 300l. note.






SAMUEL HART
. I am a tailor and clothier, and live at No. 3, Barbican. Bathgate came to my shop for a Macintosh about ten weeks back, or near eleven weeks—it was about a quarter to twelve o'clock—he gave me a 10. note—I gave it to Israel Cohen, who is in my service, to go to the Bank to get change—after I had sent him I told Bathgate that I had sent him to the Bank—he then seemed to be in a hurry to get to a conveyance in Holborn—he said he was going to Holborn, he must get there by twelve o'clock, there was a conveyance left there three times a week, and he wanted to send two parcels into the country—he went away without the change, saying he would call again in the afternoon for it—he did not call, but in about an hour after Gardner came, and produced a written order—I sent Cohen with him with the change.





ISRAEL COHEN
. I was sent by my master with the 10l. note to the Bank—this is the note—I wrote on it, "Israel Cohen"—when I returned with the change I remember Gardner coming in—master sent me with him to Ely-place—I saw Bathgate there, and gave him the change—this it the note(No. 87160.)





WILLIAM PENNY
. I am inspector of the G division of police—I was called to Mr. Martin's house on the 14th of August, and in consequence of information which I had received I desired them to bring Bugler into the library, in the presence of Mr. Martin and the two housemaids—I told him there had been a 300l. note stolen, and I had traced the party who had stolen it, and that the party was in the habit of coming to see him at Mr. Martin's house—he seemed very much confused, and said he was innocent, and knew nothing about it—I took him into custody, and searched him, but found nothing relating to the robbery—on Sunday, the 16th of August, I went to Four Oaks, near Birmingham, to a house in which Bathgate lived with his family—I found him there, and apprehended him on the stairs—I told him I wanted him for a 300l. note stolen from Mr. Martin's house, 61, Upper Seymour-street, Portman-square—he said he did not steal it, nor change it, nor did he know who did steal it, but he would tell roe who he got it from—he mentioned to me the name of the person from whom he said he had got it—he said he was to have 20l. for changing the note, that the person owed him some money, and was to make him a present of 20l.; that he got very drunk, and lost 50l., and he took the person back 230l., the remainder—I searched his house, and found the trunk I have produced, also a watch and some Irish cloth—he said he had bought the Irish cloth in London a few days before he left, and took his watch out of pawn in London previous to going into Warwickshire—I brought him to London, and as I was taking him from the House of Correction to Marylebone office, he told me he would take me to the spot where the money was, if the Magistrate would make a witness of him, but he did not want to be discharged till he took me to the spot where the money was hid, or he would write to his wife, or she should come up on Saturday with the money—I told him I could make no promise, I should acquaint the solicitor of it, and likewise the Magistrate, which I did, and I was sent down to his house last Sunday, the 12th of September—he had told me about this on Wednesday, the 7th, after he had been examined three times—when I got down to the place I found his wife there, and watched her—I observed her go into the garden, and saw her in the hen-house scratching the earth just about the hen-house—I went to her. and stooped, and she was lifting this

tin case out of the hole—I took possession of it—it contains one hundred sovereigns and eleven 5l. notes—it was about two feet under the ground—the notes are Nos. 1315 to 1325, inclusive, dated 1st June, 1840.





JOSEPH SAVAGE

re-examined. The 10l. note No. 87160 came into the Bank on the 30th of June, the very day the 300l. note was changed.

BUGLER—


GUILTY
. Aged 36.

BATHGATE—


GUILTY
. Aged 39.





Transported for Ten Years.


Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

