



301. 




ELLEN CARROLL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
1st of Jan., 1 sovereign, 4 half-crowns, 10 shillings, 12 pence, and 24 halfpence, the monies of 



William Thurgood, her master; and that she had been previously convicted of felony.







HARRIET ANN DAWSON
. I am bar-maid to William Thurgood, who keeps the Black Horse public-house, Barbican—the prisoner was servant in the house, and slept in the same room with me. I locked the car up at half-past twelve o'clock on the night of the 1st of Jan., and left 9l. 5s. in gold and silver on the mantel-shelf—there was a sovereign, some crown-pieces, shilings, and sixpences—the copper was on another shelf near the mantel-shelf—I took the key of the bar up with me—Mr. and Mrs. Thurgood were out at a party that night, and the prisoner sat up for them—I was awoke about two o'clock in the morning by her coming into my room—she came in again about three o'clock—she was very tipsy, and made a noise—the bell rang about half-past three—I went down, and let in Mr. and Mrs. Thurgood—in consequence of what they said I went up, fetched the key, opened the bar, and missed the sovereign, 20s. in silver, and 2s. in copper—a policeman came in—I went up stairs, and saw Mrs. Thurgood give him the prisoner's pocket, which she took from under her pillow—there was sovereign, 20s.; in silver, and 2s.; in copper—it exactly corresponded with the money missing from the bar—the prisoner was still intoxicated—I had pot the bar key on the table—anybody entering the room could take it—I missed the same denomination and amount of coin as was found.





WILLIAM GOODEVE
. I am a City-policeman. About three o'clock in the morning of New-year's Day I saw a light in Mr. Thurgood's bar—I listened, and heard what I thought was money falling—I knocked at the door, and called Mr. Thurgood by name, but received no answer—I went to the private door, and rang the bell—a female answered—I asked "if anything was the matter—the answer was, there was nothing the matter, it was all right—I believe it was the prisoner's voice—I went away, md a little after three I saw a cab at the door, and Mr. and Mrs. Thurgood—I afterwards went into the house with them, and went up to the prisoner's room with the bar-maid—I found the prisoner in bed—Mrs. Thurgood took the pocket from under the prisoner's pillow, and gave it to me—I found in it a sovereign, four half-crowns, ten shillings, one sixpence, and 2s.; 3d.; in copper—the prisoner was very drunk at the time.

H.A. DAWSON
re-examined. There was also the nursery-maid in the house—she slept in the same room—I saw the prisoner in the room distinctly both times that I awoke—there was a light in the room—I am certain it was her.

Prisoner's Defence. My cousin had come to see me; I was quite drunk, and if I took the money I was not aware of it.

H.A. DAWSON
re-examined. The prisoner could get at the liquor in the bar—her cousin came there in the evening, and remained till near twelve—the prisoner was not quite sober then, but not in the state she was in afterwards.





DOMINIC CARR
 (police-sergeant F 15.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—I took her into custody, and was a witness on the trial—she was tried in the name of Ellen Elburn, for stealing a pair of stockings, 2l.; in silver, and other things, from her master—(read—Convicted 30th jan., 6th Vict., and confined four months.)




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years


