



1028. 




DANIEL HAYES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of March, one watch, value 40s.; one seal, value 25s.; one key, value 8s.; and one ribbon, value 3d.; the goods of 



George Duffy.






GEORGE DUFFY
. I am a sailor. I have been acquainted with Caroline Tully eight years, and was with her on the 13th of March—I first met her about six o'clock in the evening, we both had something to drink—I was not the worse for liquor—she sat down and went to sleep after I left her in Crown-court, Wapping—she asked me to give her my watch to take care of, and I did so—I came back to Crown-court, she was there, and asked me to go and see if her father was come home—I went, and could see no light—I came down the court again and found her and two policemen—I said, "Carry, give me the watch, I think I am more able to take care of it than you"—the prisoner was one of the policemen—I asked Tully where the watch was, she said she did not know—the other policeman asked the prisoner if he knew any thing about the watch, he said no, he had not

seen it—we went to look for it about an hour and a quarter, and could not find it—we came back and I lifted Tully up and overhauled her, and she had not got it; when we got to the London Docks the prisoner gave me the watch and said it was no use to go farther,—the other policeman said he did not allow any such work, and took the watch and the prisoner.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did not the prisoner say he picked it up in Hermitage-street? A. Yes—I was neither drank nor sober—I believe Tully was bad enough.





CAROLINE TULLY
. I am single—I am a servant, but out of a situation—I was with Duffy that day, but was intoxicated, and remember, nothing about the watch or the policemen.





CORNELIUS FOAY
 (police-constable H 98.) I was on duty on the night in question. About half-past eleven o'clock the prisoner came and told me there was a female lying down in Crown-court—I went with him, and I assisted in getting her up—at that time Duffy came up and asked her for the watch—she said she did not know any thing about it—Duffy said he had left her not more than ten minutes—I said it must be near about, and asked the prisoner if he had seen it—he said no—we looked about for it for an hour and a quarter—when Tully recovered, she said the prisoner took it out of her bosom—when we were going on the prisoner said, "It is no use going to the station-house, I have got the watch;" he gave it up, and said he picked it up in Hermitage-street—I took him to the station-house.

Cross-examined. Q. Was that all he said? A. Yes—he said after-wards that he intended to give it in next morning, thinking there would be a reward for it.





ROBERT TAYLOR
 (police-constable H 19.) The prisoner was brought in by Foay, he said that he had seen the girl in the court, and in coming down by the London Docks he said it was no use going further, he had the watch, and was going to give it to Duffy, and Foay took it, and there might have been a reward offered in the morning, and he should have got it.

Cross-examined. Q. This man had been but a short time in the police? A. Yes—I never heard any other charge against him.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.
