



322. 




JOHN PARGITER



, stealing, whilst employed under the Post-office, a post-letter, containing a pair of watch-cases, a 10l. note, a sovereign, and a half-sovereign, the property of 

Her Majesty's Postmaster-General:—2nd COUNT, for embezzling said letter:—3rd COUNT, for secreting it:—other COUNTS, varying the manner of stating the charge.







MR. SOLICITOR-GENERAL, MR. CLARKSON
, and
MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution






PETER VERLEY.
 I am a watchmaker, at Wisbeach, in Cambridgeshire. On 10th Nov. I put a pair of watch-cased, and a sovereign and a half, folded in a 10l. note, of the Wisbeach and Lincolnshire Bank, Gurney's Bank, into a pasteboard box, sealed the letter with sealing-wax, and addressed it, "Mr. J. Craig, 8, Northampton-square, Clerkenwell, London"—the number of the note was G 3606, dated 21st July, 1838—I gave the letter to my wife, who was going out—this note produced is the one I inclosed.





LOUISA VERLEY.
 I am wife of last witness. On 10th Nov. I received a letter from him, addressed, "Mr. J. Craig, 8, Northampton-square, Clerkenwell, London"—I saw it given to Mr. Gower's son, outside the post-office at Wisbeach, by my niece, at five o'clock in the afternoon, or a few minutes after—I paid him sixpence for it.





JOHN GOWER.
 I am postmaster of Wisbeach. If a letter was delivered at five o'clock on 10th Nov., it would go out at seven o'clock at night—my son is a clerk in the office—I saw the London bag tied and sealed that night, and dispatched it at seven o'clock.





JOHN CRAIG.
 I live at 8, Northampton-square, Clerkenwell, and know Mr. Verley, of Wisbeach. A letter from him in Nov. last, containing a pair of watch-cases, a 10l. note and some money, never reached me.





JAMES SANSUM.
 I am a clerk in the General Post-office, London. I was there on the morning of 11th Nov., at the arrival of the inland mail—I recollect the Wisbeach mail-bag coming that morning—it was tied, sealed, and in its usual state—it was my duty to open it and take out the letters—I did so in the Inland-office, according to the common course of business—I put them on one side—they would then be carried to the sorting-place in the same office by other persons in the establishment.





WILLIS CLARE.
 I am one of the assistant inspectors of letter-carriers in the Post-office. The prisoner has been employed there nearly three years as a letter-carrier—on the morning of 11th Nov. he was employed in the Inland-office—we require the assistance of the letter-carriers to collect the letters from the Inland-office, and carry them to the different district offices—on the morning of 11th he was employed to collect the letters from the Inland-office and carry them to the sixth division—Northampton-square, Clerkenwell, is in that division—if a letter came from Wisbeach to be taken to Northampton-square, it would fall among those over which he had control—letters are drawn up from the Inland-office into the different districts by a machine, and they carry them up in trays—the prisoner would not be in possession of this letter to carry it to Northampton-square—the only opportunity he would have of getting it, would be in carrying the letters up in the trays, he being appointed collector that morning.

Prisoner. There are two men employed to take up the sixth division letters from the Inland-office to the letter-carriers' office; I was only doing it for a man who was away. Witness. He was one of two men who act as substitutes for absentees—Hillier was the other collector.





JOSEPH HILLIER.
 I acted with the prisoner on the morning of the 11th, in carrying the letters for the sixth division—no letter containing a box or anything else, addressed to Mr. Craig, Northampton-square, Clerkenwell, London, came into my hands—I did not touch such a one.

Prisoner. Q. I had nothing to do with bringing the packets up; did not you bring them up? A. I did not—I was on for a person named fox—it

was not his duty to collect them—I had nothing to do with them that morning—I cannot say I saw you with the packets—I was on my duty and you on yours—I never interfere with another man's duty—you did not take the eights heaviest walks—I took the heaviest walk for FOX—I had signed for him several mornings, and it was not my duty to take the packets up—such a letter was never in my hands—I did not bring the packets up for a fortnight previous—I cannot call to mind whether I did so the morning before—sometimes I am employed in one division, sometimes in another.

JURY.
Q. You say there was no letter addressed to Mr. Craig, did you distinctly notice the direction of every letter? A. I never noticed one more than another—it was not my duty to notice the directions—at times there are large letters which are not sorted with the packets—large packets and small cases are distinctly divided—I cannot say that in the letter I took, no letter was addressed to Mr. Craig—I took hundreds of letters that morning—I am not aware of having one addressed to Mr. Craig.





BENJAMIN CLATHEROW.
 I have been an assistant grocer, and live at 75, St. Andrew-road, New Kent-road—I lived upon funded property, left me by my aunt—in the early part of Nov. I was without money, having been out of a situation since March—I knew the prisoner four years or more previous to his being in the Post-office—I did not know his name—I knew him first at Clapham; he was then a gardener—be only knew my Christian name—on Wednesday evening, 10th Nov., after eight o'clock, I met him in the General Post-office, when he left off duty—I went according to his appointment—he had told me that as I was in bad circumstances, if he had a few shillings to lend me he would do so—I made an appointment to meet him next day at the George and Gate, Gracechurch-street—he did not come—I afterwards met him at the Four Swans, Bishopsgate-street, not by appointment, but I knew he would be there, and went at a little before five, and met him—he then told me the reason he did not keep his appointment in the morning was on account of illness, that he had borrowed the money of a man in the Post-office; he did not say his name—he pulled his purse out and showed me the note—he said he had not been able to get it changed—he did not give it into my hands then—I did not see it open then—it was very dirty—it was a country note—he did not say what note it was, or the amount—he was then going to the Post-office to go on duty, and said when he got there he should plead illness, get off duty very early, and return to me at the George and Gate as soon as he could—I went there, but he did not come—next day, about a quarter to three, I met him accidentally, very near the George and Gate, and asked him why he failed in keeping his appointment the night before, and the reason he deceiver me so—he said he could not get off duty as he anticipated, and directly he did he proceeded home, he was so unwell—I afterwards went with him into the street—he asked me which way I was going, and asked me to walk with him—we went to the Flowerpot, in Bishopsgate-street—he then said, "I have not been able to get change for this note, as it is a country note"—he pulled out a green silk purse and produced the note—I opened it, according to his wish—it was a Wisbeach and Lincolnshire Band-note—I have no doubt of this being it (produced) from its general appearance, and it is very dirty, and the writing and all corresponds—it appears to be the same—I did not observe anything on the back of it—I had it in my hands, and gave it into the prisoner's hands, and he gave it me back, and told me to take the purse and note and get it changed for him—it was a green silk purse, with steel beads and slides—I said the bank

where it was payable was the best place to go; and he asked me to go for him to the bank and get charge—I told him it was payable at Barclay's—I had looked at it, and read it—I was to get nothing but 5s., which he had promised to lend me—he said he would lend me the money when he got charge for it—he told me he had got the note from a servant in the post-office, and he had to return one-half of the and keep 5l., for which he was to pay interest—he did not go for the charge himself, as he said he had never been to a bank to get change, and if I understood it better did I mind going for him—I went to Barclay's with the note in one band and the purse in the other; on the way I met a policeman named Lewis, who I know well, in Gracechurch-street—I spoke to him, showed him the note, and afterwards went to Barclay's, and presented it to the first person on the right, a gentleman in spectacles—he gave me a 10l. Bank of England note for it, which I changed with Mr. Nutt, the landlord of the George and Gate, for nine sovereigns and two half-sovereigns to the best of my recollection—about ten minutes past three I went to the four Swans, where the prisoner was to wait till I came back with the change—I found him there, put the gold into the purse and gave it him—I told him I had got a 10l. Bank of England note at Barclay's, and had changed it at Mr. Nutt's—he seemed perfectly satisfied, and said, "On considering it over in my mind I can spare you half a sovereign, and you must return it me as soon as you get into a situation—I stopped with him till five o'clock, till the mail cart came for him—I gave him all the money, and he returned me half a sovereign—that was on Friday, 12th—on that day week I saw Peak, the officer, told him something; and on the same day, between five and six o'clock, I was brought before the prisoner in the presence of Peak and Mr. Peacock, the solicitor, and one or two others—I stated the whole of the particular of my meeting him, and hid giving me the note; on the Friday previous, about the middle of the day, not recollecting the exact time; the prisoner directly said, "You know better then that, it was three o'clock"—it was about three o'clock—when asked if he knew me, he said, "I know him very well, but I do not know his name."

Prisoner. I had no note on Thursday night, and I had not time enough to show it you, or say anything to you; I was there within three minutes of the time of my going on the cart; I had sixpence in my pocket, and gave you fourpence-halfpenny, because you said you had had no food all day; which I have done many times before. Witness. You showed it me on Thursday night; you did not open it; it was folded up as you took it out of the purse; you said, "I have got the note, but have not been able to get it changed;" we drunk together; you gave me a fourpenny-piece.

JURY.
Q. Do you know Hillier? A. No; I was in the habit of going to the Post-office—I have a friend named Wright, a sub-sorter there—I believe the prisoner has only lent me a shilling, sixpence, and a fourpenny piece.





MATTHEW PEAK.
 I am a constable, attached to the Post-office—on 18th Nov., about five o'clock, in consequence of information I went to the receiving-house in Bishopsgate-street, and after waiting a short time saw the prisoner; I asked if he had had a country 10l. note lately—he said, "No"—I asked if he had not given one to a person named Clatherow—he said, no, he did not know the name—I said it is a young man that is generally in Gracechourch-street—he said he did not know him—I asked where he was on 12th Nov.—he said he was at home from about ten till between four and five—I took him to the Post-office, and he was again asked whether he had had a

10l. note—he denied it—Clatherow was then produced before him—he said, "Oh, yes, I know this person"—Clatherow then stated what he has repeated this morning, and when he came to that part where he said he met him about the middle of the day the prisoner said, "No, it was about three o'clock"—I searched him and found this green purse with steal beads (produced)—it contains 6 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns and 5d. in copper—he was asked to give some account of the note, and whether he had anything to say, and said he should say nothing now.

JURY.
Q. Did he say how he became possessed of the money? A. He said he had borrowed it and the purse from his brother-in-law.

Prisoner. I think I said I was going to pay it to my brother-in-law. Witness I think that was it.





JOHN LEWIS
, (City policeman, 581.) I have known Clatherow two or three months—about 11th or 12th, Nov. about the middle of the day, I saw him in Gracechurch-street—he showed me a Wisbeach and Lincolnshire bank-note—I do not recollect the amount—I believe this to be it—it was payable at Barclay's—it was dirty, and had a piece of paper bigger then the note itself fastened on the back as if he had been divided—I directed him to Barclay's, and he went in that direction—in about ten minutes I saw him in Gracechurch-steet again—I was on duty there—he spoke to me—he had something in his hand which appeared like a Bank of England note—I did not look at it—it was folded.





WILLIAM HUNT.
 I am a clerk at Barclay's bank, Lombard-street—Gurney's, the Wisbeach and Lincolnshire bank draw on us—it is my duty to take the numbers of their notes in this book (produced)—here is a 10l. note of that bank, No. 3606, entered by me on the 13th Nov., as having been paid on the 12th—I have several entries of notes of that bank on the same day—I have no entry of a note of Gurney's, No.6306—I enter the numbers from the notes themselves.





JOHN GULLIVER.
 I am a clerk in Barclay's bank—I collect from the cashiers the country notes paid during the day, and make memorandums of then in my book—among the country notes I received on 12th Nov. from Mr. Mitchell, I have an entry of a 10l. note of the Wishbeach and Lincolnshire bank—it was a single note—the cashier had others when I collected them; but I entered every note distinctly—if Mr. Mitchell receive a parcel of country notes at the counter, he give them twist at the corner and hands them to me—I received this from him as a note cashed singly—the parties that pay the notes make an indorsement on the outside note if more then one—the figure "10" is eadorsed on this, and "M," meaning "Mitchell"—that is how Mr. Mitchell is in the habit of marking the notes—my entry is "a Wisbeach note, 10," under the head of Mr. Mitchell's notes—I do not take the numbers; in the course of business the note would be handed to Mr. Hunt to enter on the following morning.





JOHN MITCHELL.
 I am cashier at Barclay's bank—I cashed this note on 12th Nov. about three o'clock—I sit at the first desk, just as you enter the door, behind the door, on the right as you go in—I wear spectacles when I am at business—it is part of my duty to enter in this book the numbers of the notes cashed by me—I have made a mistake in entering the number of this note; instead of entering it 3606, as it is on the note, I have entered it 6306—here is a figure 10 on it, and my initial underneath—there are figures which appear like 1-11-47—my mark enables me to say that it was paid singly—I gave in exchange a 10l. Bank of England note, No. 06433,

dated 11th Oct.—this is it (produced)—that was the only Wisbeach note paid singly on that day—I have looked through the book with a view to answer this question.





JOSIAH RUMBALL.
 I am a clerk at Gurney's bank at Wisbeach—note No. 3606, of that bank, was in circulation at the beginning of Nov.—there are not two notes of the same number and letter—I should say there is no 10l. note of ours in circulation No. 6306—I cannot say whether it is in or not of my own knowledge—this note, 3606, has not been cancelled—it was in circulation at the time.





JAMES NUTT.
 I keep the George and Gate, Gracechurch-street—on 19th Nov., I changed 10l. Bank of England note for the time-keeper of the omnibuses at Gracechurch-street—I have known him for a number of years, I gave him gold for the note—Clatherow was with him—I did not put say mark on it—I parted with it in about two minutes to Theakston, the collector, who was in my bar-parlour—I saw him write my name on it.





WILLIAM THEAKSTON.
 I am in the employment of Messrs. Nicholson, the distillers—Mr. Nutt is a customer of ours—I received this 10l. Bank of England note from him; I do not recollect on what day—here is my writing, "J. Nutt," on it—I only received the money from him once in Nov.





JAMES HARRIS.
 I am time-keeper to the omnibuses in Gracechurch-street—on 12th Nov., Clatherow asked me to get a 10l. note changed for him—I went with him to Mr. Nutt's, who I have known many years, got it changed, and gave the change to Clatherow.





BENJAMIN RULE.
 I am the driver of a mail cart—I know the prisoner by his riding in the cart with the letter-bags, and I have seen seen Clatherow—I have seen him and the prisoner meet two or three times at the Post-office in Bishopsgate-street, and they appeared very friendly.

Prisoner's Defence. I do not deny changing the note or having it is my possession; but the other things I never had; as to Clatherow's stating that I showed him the note on the Thursday night, I did not; I had no note in my possession; on Friday morning, when I was on duty in the office, taking up No. 6 division letters, I put my tray out of the way, and there I picked the note up in the office; I went and changed it on the Friday afternoon, and paid 3l. 10s. away that night, and the rest of the money the officer has now in his possession; my wife had been ill with a fever, and my children with the measles; I had got very much behind, and the temptation of the note was too strong for me to resist; I through my self on the mercy of the Court.
(Rev. W. Blunt. of Merchant Tailors' School, deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 33.—Recommended to mercy on account of his good character.

—




Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Wightman.

