



180. 




ELLEN M'CARTY, alias
 Horne

, was indicted

 for uttering counterfeit coin, having been previously convicted of a like offence.


MR. CHAMBERS
conducted the Prosecution.





CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to the Royal Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Ellen M'Carty at this Court, in the August Session, 1848—(read.)






EDMUND MATTHEWS
. I was a police-constable. In August, 1848, I attended in the New Court, and was present at the prisoner's trial for uttering three counterfeit shillings—I know her well.

Prisoner. He knew me before I was used to anything of the kind, and spoke in my favour before. Witness. It is twelve or fifteen yean ago since I knew her, and seven or eight years ago since I missed her.





SARAH COSNIGHT
. My husband is a coaldealer, and lives in Mason-street, Lambeth. On Saturday evening, the 16th of Nov., between eight and nine o'clock, the prisoner came and ordered a 1/4 cwt. of coals, which would come to 4 3/4 d., and told me to send them to John-street—she did not give me the number—I do not know of any John-street in the neighbourhood—she gave me a half-crown in payment—I discovered it was bad immediately, and handed it over to my husband—she was takes into custody immediately.

Prisoner. She handed the half-crown to a woman who came in, and asked her opinion of it—she then gave it to her husband, and he said it was bad. Witness. It never went out of my hand, only to my husband—I never asked anybody's opinion on it.





RICHARD COSNIGHT
. I received the half-crown from my wife—I kept it till Daviet, the officer, came and took her into custody, and then gave it to him.





JOHN DAVIES
 (police-constable L 46.) I took the prisoner—Mr. Cosnight gave me the half-crown, which I produce—the prisoner was searched by a female.





JOHN HATCHETT
. I am a green-grocer, and keep a coal-shed in Royal-street, Lambeth—on Friday night, the 8th of Nov., about a quarter to nine o'clock, the prisoner came and ordered a 1/4 cwt. of coals to be sent to No. 14, Hosier-street—I said there was no such street, she most mean Crozier-street—she said she did—the coals came to 4 3/4 d.—she gave me half-a-crown in payment—I gave her the change, and she went away—I took the coals to No. 14, Crozier-street, and found none had been ordered, nor any such person as the prisoner known there—she gave me no name—I then looked at the half-crown, and found it was bad—I chopped it up, and threw it away—I am certain it was the one the prisoner gave me—I had no other.

Prisoner. Q. Are you sure I am the person? A. I am quite sure-Goff, the policeman, did not tell me to recognise you—I recognised you✗ before he spoke to me—he did not tell me I should be well paid for my trouble.





DINAH HAYNES
. I am a coal-dealer, and live in Little Surrey-street. On Saturday, the 9th of Nov., between six and seven o'clock in the evening, ing, the prisoner came and ordered 1/4 cwt. of coals, to go to No. 10, Union-street—they came to 4 1/2 d., she gave me a half-crown, and I gave her 2s. 1 1/2 d. change—I kept the half-crown in my hand, and directly she had left the shop I found it was bad, from the feel—I weighed the coals directly, and took them and the half-crown to No. 10, Union-street, but no coals had been ordered there—I gave Lawrence the same half-crown—I had no other.

Prisoner. I never saw this woman till I saw her at Union-hall

Witness. I am sure she is the person—I had never seen her before—she was a few minutes in my company—I hare no doubt of her.






SAMUEL THOMAS LAWRENCE
. Mrs. Haynes save me a half-crown—I showed it to Mrs. Saunders, and afterwards to Mr. Price—he compared it with a good one, marked it, and returned it to me—I saw him mark it on the edge with a good half-crown—he rubbed it—I gave it to Sergeant Brown at the station—this now produced is it—here is the mark—it is the one I received from Mrs. Haynes.

Prisoner. That is not the evidence he gave against me at the office.

Witness. After I received it from Mrs. Haynes I put it into a quart pot, and left it there all night—I took it out again in the morning, and when Mr. Price called in I showed it to him, and said, "Here is a good half-crown for you"—he said, "It is a very good one, I will give you change for it"—I said, "You had better be careful"—he looked at it, and sounded it—he looked at it for about ten minutes, and would not believe it was a bad one—he then took a good half-crown, and rubbed the edge of the other against it—he then said it was bad—I am certain this is the same—I had marked it with a pencil before I put it into the quart pot, the the mark was on it when I took it out in the morning—it has been rubbed out since.

Prisoner. He did not mention about the pencil-mark at Union-hall.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Mint. This half-crown, uttered to Mrs. Cosnight, is counterfeit, also the one just produced, and both have been cast in the same mould.

Prisoner's Defence. I leave myself to the mercy of the Judge and Jury. I can assure you I am not guilty of giving the half-crown that was put into the quart pot.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years
.

Before Mr. Justice Maul✗

