





2209. 




WILLIAM BROWN,



 GEORGE JONES
, and 




ELIZABETH JOHNSON



, stealing 1 purse, I shilling, and 3 half-crowns, the property of 



Harriett Blanchard, from her person; Brown having been before convicted.






JOHN SPITTLE
 (City-policeman, 671). On Saturday evening, 9th Sept., about a quarter-past six o'clock, I saw the prisoners together in Bishopsgate-street, going towards London-bridge, and followed them to the Walworth-road—I there saw the prosecutrix coming towards the Elephant and Castle from Camberwell—the prisoners followed her—Brown put his left hand into be: pocket, took it out, put it in again, and took it out with something in it—he put her handkerchief back into her pocket, and passed something to Jones—Johnson stood behind, concealing what the others were about—I told the prosecutrix, and then went after the prisoners, and with the assistance of another constable I took all three—I am sure they are the persons—I knew Brown and Jones before—I said, "I want you"—they said, "What for?'—I said, "For robbing a lady of a purse"—Brown said I was mistaken—Jones said he had not been near the lady—I went back with them to the lady, and she said, in their presence, she had lost a purse and three half-crowns.





PATRICK DANEY
 (policeman, 245). I took Johnson—she said she had only just met the others—I found on her three half-crowns, and these combs, which she said were her own.





HARRIETT BLANCHARD
. I am single. About seven o'clock, on this night I was in the Walworth-road, and, in consequence of what a policeman told me

I missed my purse, containing three half-crowns—I had had it safe half an hour before.





MICHAEL HAYDON
 (City policeman). I produce a certificate—(read—William Brown, convicted Feb., 1847, of stealing from the person; confined six months)—I was present—Brown is the person.

BROWN—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.—


Transported for Seven Years.


JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

JOHNSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.






Confined Six Months.

