




878. 




JAMES MARKHAM
 and 




GEORGE SMITH



, stealing 72lbs. weight of pork, and 1 hamper, value 2l. 6s.; the goods of the 

Eastern Counties Railway Company; Markham having been before convicted.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.





CHARLES CLARK
. I am a carman to the Eastern Counties Railway Company. On, 8th of March, between three and four in the morning, I left there with a hamper of pork on my van—I afterwards missed it—I saw it again near the station—it was one that I had in charge as servant to the Railway Company.





WILLIAM KING
 (policeman, H 83). I was on duty in Wood-street, Spitalfields. I saw the Company's van about half-past three in the morning—the prisoners were following it—I saw them make several attempts to get the hamper off the tail of the van—when the van got to Union-street Markham pulled it off the van on to his shoulder—the van went on, and Smith helped to lift the hamper on to the pavement—they saw me, and walked away—I crossed and laid hold of Markham; Smith walked away into the market—he afterwards came back—I laid hold of him—he struggled and got away—I still kept Markham.


Markham. Q. Why did not you take me when you saw me on the van? A. I could not get near you.





JAMES HILL
 (policeman, H 125). About half-past three that morning I heard a rattle spring, and stopped Smith, who had just got away from King—I asked what he was running for—he made no answer.

Markham's Defence. I was going home late and the officer took me.





JOHN OULMER
 (policeman, H 178). I produce a certificate of Markham's conviction at Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted June, 1848, confined three months)—he is the person.

Markham. That is false—I was never convicted in my life, there or anywhere else. Witness. I have no doubt about it, and I had him in custody about four years ago for being disorderly—I have known him four or five years.

MARKHAM—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.


SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—



Confined Nine Months.

