






481. 




PHILIP SALMON,



 SAMUEL GUNN,



 WILLIAM GRANT
, and 




JAMES SAVAGE



, stealing 29lbs. weight of lead, value 4s. 6d.; the goods of our 

Lady the Queen; Salmon having been before convicted.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






ROBERT MACKENZIE
 (police-sergeant, B 5). On the evening of 10th Jan. I was on duty in Ebury-street, Pimlico, about eight o'clock—I saw the prisoners walking abreast down Ebury-street—Gunn had this handkerchief, which seemed to be heavy—they were in conversation together—I stood still, and they came towards me—on their crossing the road I stepped into the road, and stopped Gunn; the other three ran off—Savage took one direction, and Grant and Salmon the other—I took Gunn into custody; be endeavoured to drop the handkerchief on my foot, but I caught it, and still kept my hold of him, and took him to the station—the handkerchief contained this lead and a knife; he said he found it near Chelsea Hospital—knowing the other prisoners I gave directions to the policeman to bring them in—Salmon was brought in about twelve at night—he said he met Gunn near the Hospital, and he had asked him to take a walk with him down Ebury-street—Grant was brought in about half an hour afterwards—he said he had met Gunn near the Bun-house, and he had asked him to walk down Ebury-street—next morning, between six and seven, Savage was brought in, and was told the charge—he said nothing—in consequence of information I went to Chelsea Hospital, and compared this lead on the ridge of a roof, where I found lead to be wanted—the lead corresponded with the marks, I have no doubt it belonged there.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was there any lead on the part where this lead was fitted? A. No—it was a building attached to the west wing of the Hospital—there are two nail boles, which corresponded exactly.





WILLIAM BURNETT
. I am clerk of the works at Chelsea Hospital—I reside there—I examined the west wing last Friday week—it is part of the

Hospital, which belongs to the Crown—I found that upwards of 1 1/2 cwt. of lead was gone from that building—I fitted this lead to the building, and am satisfied it came from there—I had seen it perfect about three weeks before.

Cross-examined. Q. Is that place watched? A. It is, by watchmen, who are put on after eight or nine o'clock in the evening—there are a number of pensioners and others about that part—it is a public thoroughfare.





JOSEPH IRONS
 (policeman, B 179). On the morning of 11th Jan. I took Savage, secreted in a large trunk by the side of the bedstead in the room occupied by his father and mother—there was a bed on the trunk, and some wearing apparel on the top of it—he bad nothing on but his shirt—he asked me what I wanted with him—I said, "I dare say you know"—I said he must dress himself, and go with me directly—he afterwards said, "How many are there taken?"—I told him, two or three—as he was going to the station he said it would be a remanded case, and if he had known that I wanted to have taken him he would have got out of the window and over the roof.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean he was inside the trunk? A. Yes; he was fixed inside, and the lid was down—I lifted it up—it was about six o'clock—there was not the least doubt that he had been in bed and had got into the chest—his father and mother and sister were in the room.





WILLIAM KING
 (policeman, B 198). I was at the station when Gunn was brought there—he asked me if I was going to lock him up by himself—I said "Yes"—I afterwards took Salmon at his father's, in bed, about half-past twelve o'clock at night—I staid I wanted him—he asked what for—I said concerning some lead—he denied all knowledge of it—I took him to the station, and Gunn was brought out of the cell—he saw Salmon, and he said, "That it him"—I found Grant in bed about five or ten minutes before one o'clock in the morning; I took him to the station—as we were going, I said to him, "How came you to run away?"—he said, "I did not run away, I walked."





ROBERT MACKENZIE
. I produce a certificate of Salmon's former conviction—(read—Convicted April, 1848, confined 14 days).

MASON. I was present at his trial—he is the person—he had been in my service. (Grant received a good character.)

SALMON—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.


GUNN—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—



Confined One Year.


GRANT—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—



Confined Six Months.


SAVAGE—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—



Confined One Year.

