



293. 




JAMES JAMES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
16th of Oct., I barrow, value 30s., the goods of 



Thomas Burt.


MR. BALLANTENE
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS BURT
. I live in Pleasant-cottage, Clapham-common, and am a milkman. On the 16th of Oct. I lost a barrow, about five o'clock in the morning—it was worth about 30s.—it was locked up to a water-cart, with a chain and padlock, in front of my door—I gave information about half an hour after missed it—I heard nothing of it till the 29th of Nov., in the evening, when my wife handed me this letter—(looking at it)—after receiving it, I communicated with the police, and by the policeman's advice

I wrote an answer, and put it into the Post-office, addressed to Mr. Long, 4, commercial-place, Finsbury-square—I did not keep a copy of it—on the 3rd of Dec. Tyas brought me this other letter—both the letters were open—I had some conversation with Tyas, and after that I went with him to a broker's shop, in Trafalgar-row, Walworth-common, and there I saw my chaise, which I had lost, not the barrow—I did not see the prisoner then—next day Tyas brought him to within 100 yards of my house, and the prisoner said there was a misunderstanding between us about the barrow, as we could not find it the day before—we were talking about the barrow going along the road, and he said Mr. Tyas, his friend, would point out the barrow to me—lie did not say whether he himself knew where it was—the prisoner then left us—I went with Tyas to Carley and Sons, at Walworth-common, and saw the barrow there—Tyas went with me, but the broker took me in to find the barrow—the policeman took possession of it—I paid sixpence to Mr. Tyas the day he brought the prisoner—I afterwards gave him 1s.—I suppose the prisoner meant the misunderstanding was between me and him—he used the word "us."





CHARLOTTE BURT
. I am the prosecutor's wife. On Friday evening, the 29th of Nov, I was at my own door on Clapham-common—a man me and delivered me this letter—I gave it to my husband—I cannot swear to the person as it was between the lights, but I believe the prisoner is the person, by his stature, and by his walking down the lane when he turned from me—he said he brought it from the Plough Inn, which is about two hundred yards from our house—on the 5th of December I saw the prisoner with my husband about a hundred yards from our house—he was standing beside my husband—I went close to where they were talking, and said to my husband, "You have not got the 5s. to give them"—I gave my husband the 5s., and then I went away.

Prisoner. Q. Are you aware that on the first examination the question was put to you whether you could identify the man that gave the letter, and your answer was you could not swear to him? A That I said, but it is my firm belief you are the man—I did not swear on the Tuesday that you were the person—to the best of my belief you are.





ROBERT EMMERSON
 (police-constable V 9.) I had a communication from Mr. Burt, and took the prisoner—he did not say anything to me before the examination, only after the Magistrate had cautioned him—I believe what he said was taken down.

Prisoner. When the Magistrate was about committing me, with another prisoner, he asked, "Did the prisoner say anything about the letter?" there, was not one officer would say "Yes;" but this officer, previous to that, had made out the prosecutor's and the witnesses' expenses, which he took to the Magistrate, who shook his head, and said he considered 10s. a-day was too much; the officer then went out; when he returned, and heard the Magistrate say, "Is any person here who heard the prisoner own the letters?" he said "I did," and then he was bound over.

COURT
Q. Did the Magistrate decline binding you over? A. Yes—that was before anything was said about the letters—he did not think it was necessary, and afterwards he did—another constable said he heard it, and then the Magistrate said, "I called some one else," and he bound me over.
(Letter read—"Nov. 29, 1844,—Sir, You had a child's chaise stolen about four months ago, and about six weeks ago a barrow from opposite

your door, some time in the morning before you were up. My brotherin-law stole them both of you; my sister has told me all about it, how he did it; he don't know that I know about it; they are not above a mile from your house at Stockwell, in his yard, and covered over; you, I think, know him about Clapham when you see him; if you like to send me 5s. for my trouble, you shall have a letter before twelve o'clock next Monday, from me; in it I will state his name, the number, and what place at Stockwell; if you look over his palings at the back of his house, you can see the wheels of the barrow at once; but you will find both * * Take a policeman with you. If you think 1 am not telling you the truth about it, don't do it. I don't want to he seen in it myself; so now I have told you. I will send a boy with a letter to your house before twelve o'clock next Monday. Don't speak to the boy about it. So, if you think proper to do so, send the 5s. to-morrow by post, or Delivery Company, but not yourself, or no one else; afterwards I don't mind seeing you myself; then I will tell you the reason I did it about my brother-in-law. You may depend you will have your chaise and barrow on Monday, if you like, but if you get a policeman, or any one else before you send the 5s., don't send it at all, as I may get myself in trouble. If you don't believe me, say no more about it; if you think I am deceiving you, * * If you act right, by God you will find me right * * so as you shall have the barrow and chaise. But send it to me addressed to Mr. Long, to be left at Mr. Morgan's, No. 4, Commercial-place, Finsbury-square, London, till called for. I shall not call myself for it, but I will send for it. If I find you right, you shall have the letter on Sunday evening; and if you wish to see me then, I will be at the tap-room at Plough public-house, Clapham, Sunday night. But don't let no one know what you and me is about at the Plough. I am known there. I shall send on that * * about me to Mr. Morgan.")





EDMUND CARLEY
. I am a broker, and live at No. 1, Portland-row, Walworth. I bought this barrow of the prisoner for 8s.—I believe it was on the 16th or 17th of Oct.—I am no relation of his—he asked if I would buy it, and told me he wanted 8s.; that the reason of his disposing of it was, he was going into the country, and that he bought it about twelve months previously.

Prisoner. Q. When the prosecutor and the witness came to your house, did you not deny having a barrow? A. No, I did not—it was not at that time exposed for sale, it had been—it was then in a shed adjoining the house—I had it painted.





THOMAS BURT

re-examined. This is the barrow which I lost on the 16th of Oct.

Prisoner. Q. Was it as it is now? A. No—when I asked the broker about the barrow, he said he had not got any barrow for sale—it was in the garden, at the shed—it had been painted when I saw it—when I lost it it was painted blue.

COURT. Q. Did he attempt to conceal the fact that he had a barrow on his premises? No—he said he had not a barrow for sale; he had a barrow on his premises, but it was sold.

COURT
to
EDMUND CARLEY. Q. Is that what you said? A. yes—it was sold to a polisher who works for my uncle—the prosecutor asked if I had a barrow for sale-1 said, "No"—he said, "A laundress's barrow"—I said, "No"—he said, "You had one"—I said, "I know I had—Tyas

id, "You gave 8s. for it"—I then took them to where the barrow was, and drew it out.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not go and speak to your father before you gave them an answer? A. Yes; but I told Mr. Burt I had one before I spoke to my father.





THOMAS BURT

re-examined. He went and spoke to his father, but I do not know what he said.

COURT. Q. Was that before he told you he had not a barrow for sale? A. It was after—when I first addressed him I asked if he had got a barrow for sale—his answer was he had not—Tyas asked him if he had had one—he said, "Yes, I sold one about a fortnight ago"—Tyas asked if it was on the premises—he said yes, it was not gone—he took us to the back, and produced it—Tyas said, "Is that your barrow?"—I said, "Yes, I can swear to it"—the policeman came in, and I gave Tyas into custody—while we were waiting in the shop, Carley went and spoke to his father.

Prisoner's Defence. I have been given to understand that this prosecution is got up to sacrifice not me, but the man who was discharged yesterday; he is well known to the City police, and they asked several individuals to subscribe to get Counsel for him, not knowing that the bill would be thrown out; I have been thirty years service, and never had a stain against me; my last situation was tha of a turnkey in the House of Correction for Surrey; I left that twelve months ago, on account of Edward Lawrence, who was convicted here; he was in that prison, and kept on short diet because he would not work on the wheel; he was found to have a piece of bread, and the Governor suspended me, and told me if I could prove Ldid not give him the bread I should not be turned out, but I was not able to prove it; I have pledged and sold everything I had in the world; I have six children I had a recommendation from a Magistrate of the county of Warwick, and have applied at different places, but, being dismissed for giving this man bread, they would not employ me; the prosecutor says he lost this barrow at six o'clock in the morning; I never was up at that time; I asked the Magistrate to allow some other persons to be in the office to see if the broker could point me out as the person who sold the barrow; he said it was a man with a blue coat, and this dress I have on is the only dress I have had for the last twelve months.





EDMUND CARLEY

re-examined. Q. Had you any previous knowledge of the man who brought the barrow? A. Not any—I am certain of the prisoner's person—the transaction occupied nearly twenty minutes—my father came out just before I paid for it—I am quite confident about the person who sold the barrow—I noticed his voice and person and manner—I described to the policeman that he had a blue rough coat, and I believed him to have on blue trowsers, very much like a policemans trowsers, but I did not speak positively to that—the prisoner had not his hat on all the time—he took it off two or three times—I have not the slightest doubt that he is the man.

Prisoner. I was told the man had lost a barrow, and I heard where it was stolen from, by the Elephant and Castle, andsho they were that stole it, and that they sold it at such a place; I was a dat and a half finding the place out; I told the man who was discharged to look out where the barrow

was; I knew it had been sold in that quarter; he said he could not find it; I knew the articles were stolen, and I thought I would get a few shillings by giving information, but, as to stealing it, I declare to God I never stole it; I never was out till nine in the morning.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years
.
