






546. 




JESSE GOODRICH,



 THOMAS BERWICK,



 WILLIAM HALL
, and 




FREEMAN YALDEN



, stealing 1 flannel jacket, value 6d.; the goods of 



Thomas Skingley; Goodrich having been before convicted.






THOMAS SKINGLEY
. I am a gardener to Mr. King, and live at the Lodge, Nightingale-Jane, Streatham. This is my jacket (produced)—it was hanging in the yard by my cottage on the afternoon of 15th Dec.—a person could get from the common on to the palings, and reach over.





LUCY WILLIAMS
. I am the wife of Edward Williams, of Nightingale-lane, next to Mr. King's lodge. I saw the four prisoners behind the lodge—Berwick and Yalden took the jacket—Berwick put it under his jacket, and buttoned it up as he passed my window—th others were about fifty yards from him—I do not think they were near enough to see him take it—I opened my window, told them I saw them, and would send a policeman after them—they all ran together up Nightingale-lane—Berwick was 200 yards in advance.





JOHN SOUTHEY
. I am an inmate of the Wandsworth and Clapham Union—the prisoners were there the night before this—they all overtook me on Clapham common—we walked about 200 yards together—they told me they had made a jacket—they all said so—that they tossed for it, and Goodrich had won it—I do not know who said they tossed for it.

Goodrich. He is a returned convict. Witness. Yes, eighteen years ago—people in the workhouse told you that.





WILLIAM WALKER
 (policeman, V 98.) On 15th Dec., I saw Goodrich in Wandsworth, wearing this jacket—I let him go then—I got information, and about seven o'clock went to the Union, and told the prisoners they were charged with stealing a jacket—Goodrich took it from his back, and said, "Here is the jacket, a man on the common gave it me"—persons can go out of the Union, and return the same day.


Hall's Defence. I was on Clapham common; 100 yards away from them; they were in the town.

Yalden's Defence. I and Hall met them on Clapham common; they said they had found the jacket; we said we would toss, to see who should have it; we tossed, Goodrich won it; I did not know where it came from.





FREDERICK LANGTON
 (policeman, V 19.) I produce a certificate of Goodrich's former conviction, and know him to be the person mentioned in it—he had had two months before that—read—Convicted, Sept., 1846, having been before convicted—confined one year.)

GOODRICH—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.


BERWICK—Aged 19.

HALL—Aged 15.

YALDEN—Aged 17.




GUILTY
.—





Confined Six Months.

