




1021. 




JOHN HOLT
 and 




GEORGE WHITTALL
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
19th of March, 1 purse, value 1s.; 3 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, 2 sixpences, and 1 groat; the property of 



Joseph Thomson, from the person of 



Emma Thomson.






EMMA THOMSON
. I am the wife of Joseph Thomson. I was walking with a friend in Fleet-street, from three to five o'clock, on the 19th of March—I had a purse in my pocket which contained three sovereigns, one half-sovereign, and a little silver—the first thing that drew my attention was a pressure behind me, and then a second pressure—I walked on—a person told me I had been robbed—I put my hand into my pocket, and missed my purse, but I did not see any one near me—I am sure my purse had been in my pocket—I had a white pocket-handkerchief, which was hanging partly out of my pocket, not as I had placed it—the prisoners were both taken immediately—I saw my purse in the hand of the police-man—this is it—it contains the money mentioned.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. I suppose there were a great many people about? A. Yes.





JOHN SPENCER SMITH
 (City police-constable, No. 341.) I was on duty—I saw this lady and her friend walking, and the two prisoners and another were there—I saw them speaking together—I watched them from

Ludgate-hill—a short distance up Fleet-street there was a bit of a stop-page, and Whittall went very close to the lady—I followed him up, and saw him grab at the lady's pocket, and the white handkerchief partly fell out—I took him by the collar, and he dropped this purse from his right hand on the pavement—the other prisoner was as close behind him as he possibly could be, so as to cover him—I took Whittall, and Spring, whom I had beckoned over the road, took Holt, who ran away—the third made his escape.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the street very crowded? A. Not particularly, not more that usual—I cannot say whether others were as close to the lady as the prisoners were; there might have been—I did not look at others, I looked at them—there might have been other persons between them and the lady—I cannot say there were—I did not see any—there might have been persons between me and them, but Dot when they spoke together.





JOHN SPRING
 (City police-constable, No. 128.) I was in Fleet-street—my brother officer called and said, "You take the one with the velvet-collar"—the prisoners were close to the lady—I saw Holt nudge Whittall, and then we watched them till we saw the handkerchief drawn—Smith seized Whittall, and I seized Holt, but missed my hold—he ran down towards Farringdon-street—I pursued him—he dodged me between the coaches, and turned up towards Fleet-street—I called out, "Stop him," and a gentleman ran to catch him—he dodged him, and then I caught him opposite White Horse-court.

Cross-examined. Q. How long did this take? A. A minute and a half, or a little more—I had great difficulty in not being run over—there were other people about.
(Holt received a good character.)

HOLT*—


GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

WHITTALL—



GUILTY. Aged 17.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.
—



Confined Six Months.
