






1881. 




JAMES WORLEY,



 THOMAS COX
, and 




WILLIAM BEASELY
 were indicted for

 stealing 840 lbs. weight of flour, value 9l. 12s.; and 3 sacks, 3s.; the goods of 



Joseph Johnson, the master of Worley; and 




HENRY HOLLIDAY



 for receiving 560 lbs. weight of flour, part of the same, well knowing the same to have been stolen.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






DAVID HUNTER.
 I was foreman to Mr. Daniels. On the 22nd of July, I saw Cox and Beasely come there—I did not see Worley, but I believe he was in the wagon—they delivered eighteen sacks of flour there, my attention was called to them the day afterwards—I counted the sacks we had in our place—there were fourteen sacks below, there had been emptied, and one was in the shop—I can undertake to say that only eighteen sacks were delivered.






HARRIOT DANIELS.
 I recollect the sacks being delivered—I supposed there were twenty-one—I only saw Cox and Beasely—I cannot say whether there was any person in the wagon, it was at the private door—I signed the receipt, and gave it to Cox.





JOHN HAGUE.
 I am a butcher, and live in Crown-street, Soho. On the 22nd of July I was at work in my shop, about twelve o'clock—Cox came in and asked me if I had any money to sport—he said he had some dead once to sell wroth the money—I said, "I do not know what you mean, let us see them"—they had drawn up a wagon to my shop—I noticed on the tarpaulin that it came from Uxbridge—I want to the tail of the wagon, and there I saw the prisoner Beasely—Cox said, "He wants to see them"—Beasely got up and pulled a cloth off one or two sacks, pulled out his knife, cut open a sack, took out a handful of flour, handed it to me, and said it was a find pig, or something of that sort, or find dead one—I was quite surprised, and took it into my neighbour, who is a baker, and asked him what it was worth—Beasely had asked me 2l. for the two sacks—I was in at my neighbour's I dare say five minutes—while I was there the prisoner came and peeped through the window two or three times, and then drove off—Worley was with the horses at the head of the wagon.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL.
Q. Did you know the prisoners before? A. No.





GEORGE COOPER.
 I am baker, and live in Little Compton-Street. On the 22nd of July I saw the prisoners Worley, Cox, and Beasely, and I saw the wagon at Holliday's door—he keeps a marine-store shop, about 100 yards from me—I saw two sacks of flour carried into his shop—I could not say which of the prisoners carried them in, or who received them.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE
Q. Do you know whether Holliday is married? A. No.





JOSEPH JOHNSON.
 I am the master of Worley. One the 21st of July I sent by him thirty sacks of flour—I told him to deliver twenty-one at Mr. Daniels's—I received a receipt for twenty-one sacks from Mrs. Daniels—I have known Cox and Beasely some years—they are employed as porters by my man and by other men.





HENRY MERCER.
 I am in partnership with Mr. Stevens, near Uxbridge. On the 21st of July I sent twenty-one sacks of flour to London by Mr. Johnson—I have seen two sacks of flour since at the station—I did not examine the flour, but I could swear to the sacks—they are marked "H. Stevens, Uxbridge," and a black mark.





JOSHUA MONKTON
 (police-sergeant F 13.) I want to Holliday's house on the 22nd of July—I saw him in the shop, and asked him if he was landlord of the house—he said, "Yes"—I said, "You have two sacks of flour here?"—he said, "Yes, a tall man came and asked me to allow him to leave them for two hours"—I said, "Let me see them"—he said, "Yes—I went up stairs to the front room, first floor, and found two sacks of flour there—I told him he must consider himself in my custody for having them in his possession, well knowing them to be stolen—he replied, "Shall I be allowed bail?"—I said I did not know—on the following day I apprehended Worley at Uxbridge—I told him the charge—he denied it, and on the way to the station he said that Beasely and Cox had got him into this trap—he said, "I know there were two sacks of flour in the wagon, and Beasely and Cox took them away."

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. Have you told us all that

Holliday said? A. Yes—he did not say that if he were allowed bail he should be able to find the person who left them—there was a female there.

MR. ROBINSON.
Q. Was the room locked? A. Yes—it was used as a bed-room.

MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. Was it not the only sitting-room in the house? A I cannot say—there were tables and chairs in the room—I did not go in other rooms—there was sitting-room down stairs, adjoining the shop—the shop was full of things.





JAMES BROWN
 (policeman F 142.) On the 23rd of July I apprehended Beasely—I told him what he was charged with—he denied helping to unload Mr. Johnson's wagon that day at all—I apprehended Cox the same evening—he denied it—Beasely said at the station, "I did help to unload Mr. Johnson's wagon."
(Mr. Bandy, a bricklayer, at Knightsbridge, and James Robinson, of Newton-court, gave Beasely a good character; Mr. Johnson, the prosecutor, gave Cox a good character.)

WORLEY



GUILTY. Aged 26.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.
—




Confined Four Months



COX—


GUILTY. Aged 56.

BEASELY—


GUILTY. Aged 55.





Transported for Seven Years.


HOLLIDAY—


NOT GUILTY.

