



1982. 




ROBERT BROWN
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 purse, value 1d.; 3 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns, and 2 half-crowns; the property of 



George Moffat.






GEORGE MOFFATT.
 I am a gunner in the Royal Artillery. On the 13th of July I went to bathe at Plumstead, I laid my clothes on the ground, near a tree—I had in my pocket a purse in which was three sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, and two half-crowns—when I got out of the water my purse and money were gone, my pockets were empty—my attention was called to a small piece of paper lying beside my clothes—this is it.





THOMAS KNIGHT.
 I am a sergeant in the Artillery. I went with Moffatt

that day—the prisoner was there with a second party, he did not bathe—he went with me and a comrade to London—he had plenty of money, he spent about 9s.—I saw this piece of paper picked up by Moffatt—it is part of an answer to a latter—(read—"I received your letter, and you wanted to know the reason your wife did not answer your letters; I went to her, and she said she—")





MARY DOUDE.
 I am servant at the Duchess of Wellington. On the 14th of July, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came out of a room at our house, and gave me two sovereigns, and 14s. 6d.—he told me to take care of it.





FERRAND BROOK GIRLING.
 On Wednesday evening, the 14th of July, a person came to me and bought this ring for 13s.—I believe it was the prisoner.

Prisoner. He said before the Magistrate he did not allow me.





THOMAS GRIEVE.
 I am a private in the Artillery—I have written letters to the prisoner from his wife—I know this piece of a letter—I wrote it to the prisoner—I was at the bathing place that day—the prisoner wanted to leave the ranks—the bombardier would not let him go, he asked two or three times—we marched up to the front of the barracks, and stopped a quarter-of-an-hour or twenty minutes and a non-commissioned officer came and told the corporal we were to be detained—we were marched into the rear—the prisoner saw his comrades getting searched, and put something into his nouth—he said it was tobacco, but I can swear it was not—he left the ranks without being searched, and went out of the back-yard.





MICHAEL GARVEY
 (policeman R 87.) I took the prisoner—I found on him this gold ring, one penny, one half-penny, a snuff-box, two purses, and an envelope box.

The prisoner put in a written defence, declaring his innocence, and stating that part of the money was given him by his cousin, and part he had earned in his trade as a shoemaker; and that, being in liquor, he left it at the public-house for safety; that he afterwards took part of it out, and bought a ring and purse with it.





GUILTY. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

