




2150. 




JOSEPH LYONS
 and 



ROSETTA LYONS
 were indicted for

 feloniously receiving of a certain evil-disposed person, on the 
3rd of August, 3lbs. weight of brass, value 1s. 6d. the goods of 



John Warner and others; well knowing it to have been stolen.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE MILLWOOD
. I live in Goswell-street, and am in the employ of John Warner and Sons, brass-founders, in Jewin-crescent. The witness Dedross was in their employ—on the 3rd of August I found two brass, weights laid behind a basket in one of the rooms—I told Ford of it, marked them, and left them in the same place—about three o'clock I stopped the boy Dedross—Mr. Charles Warner came up and took him into the counting-house, and Dow, the constable, took him away—I saw the officer pass me, with one of the weights in his hand, which I had marked in the morning.





HENRY FORD
. I am in the Messrs. Warner's employ. On the 3rd of August Millwood told me something about some weights—I saw Dedross going from the basket-room that day, and placing something in his cap, which was on his head—he had no business there—in consequence of some conversation, he was brought into the counting-house by Mr. Warner—I felt his breast, and took a weight out from his inside pocket—it was one of the weights which was taken from the basket-room—Millwood afterwards saw the weight in the constable's possession.





JAMES DEDROSS
 (a prisoner.) I am twelve years old—I go to church and chapel sometimes, and have been taught to say my prayers—I am in the employ

of Messrs Warner. I remember, on the 3rd of August, Ford taking the brass weight out of my breast—I had stolen it out of the warehouse—I had some conversation with Mr. Warner about it, and went to the station—I afterwards went with the weight to a marine-store shop belonging to the prisoners—I had been there twice before—I saw them both—I took the weight to them, and they said they did not give so much for new weights as they did for old—they did not both speak at the same time—I spoke to the female prisoner—the man was at the door—I showed the weight to the female prisoner—she asked what it was—I said, "A four pound"—she said it was not a four pound, it was but a three pound—the male prisoner was near enough to hear what she said—she gave me 10 1/2 d., and gave the weight to a girl who was in the parlour—there is a partition put up between the shop and the back room—the girl was in the back room, and the woman too—I did not observe what the girl did with the weight—nothing more passed between me and the female prisoner—I said nothing to the male prisoner at all—they knew who I was, because I had been there before—they knew I came from my masters, and that I took such things from my masters—they had asked me when I was there before why I did not bring more than one or two pounds at a time—I told them where I came from the first time I went—they asked me where I came from, and I told them I came from Messrs. Warners'—I told the man and woman both—when I sold this weight she owed me 6d. for the last time I went, and she gave me 3d. of it, which made 13 1/2 d.—I gave the money to the policeman when I came out—there were three policemen at the comer house all but one from the prisoners, about twelve yards from the shop—when I gave them the money they went into the shop, and I followed them in—I heard what was said—the policemen asked where the weight was they had just bought of me, and they denied it, and said they had never seen me—I was in the shop at the time, so that they could see me—the female prisoner said it one time, and the male prisoner another—the female spoke first—she said she had never seen me before, and that she had just come from over the way from buying a herring, and that I had never been there, and never taken any weight—the male prisoner told the policeman to search about the place, and said he never saw any weight come in—the policeman searched about the place, but could not find the weight—the policemen then went up stairs into the bed-room, and they took the prisoners and me to the station.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did you not at first give a different, account of this? A. Not that I know of—I was in Dow's custody at first—I told him I had sold the weight to a boy that sold cherries—Dow asked me where the boy was to be found—I told him by Hoxton new church—I did not say how much the boy was to give mo—I afterwards told him I was going to take it to Petticoat-lane—when I went into the prisoners shop the officers were about twelve yards off—I am sure there were three together—I think there were two City policemen, and No. 11, from Spitalfields—two went one way, and I and one the other, and they met one another before I got to the shop—the male prisoner was standing at the shop-door, talking to a butcher who was outside the door, leaning against the side—I passed by him, and went in—the female prisoner was behind the shop—after I sold the weight I went in with Barker and the other officers.

Q. Have you not stated, when you went in with Barker and the others, "I gave it," meaning the weight, "to a girl who was standing behind

the counter, and she brought it to you," meaning the female prisoner, "and you were standing at that table?" A. No, not to my recollection, because they were both behind the partition.

COURT. Q. You say you first told Dow you had sold this weight to a boy who sold cherries? A. I told him I intended to sell it to him, not that I had sold it, because I was not off the premises.

STEPHEN Dow (City police-constable, No. 166.) I saw Dedross on the 3rd of August—he went to a marine-store shop in Petticoat-lane—I was about four yards from him when he went into the shop—I saw him go in—he had a 4lbs. weight—I saw it the minute before he entered the shop—I could see into the shop—I saw Mrs. Lyons in the shop—I am sure it was her, and her husband was standing at the door—I am certain Dedross had no money when he went into the shop, for I had searched him at the station in Moor-lane about three o'clock—it was about half-past six when he went into the shop, but he was never out of my sight during that time—he remained in the shop about two minutes and a half—he gave me 13 1/2 d. when he came out—I searched him when he came out, and he had not the weight about him—I and Barker then went into the shop, and found Mrs. Lyons there, and her husband standing in front of the door— Dedross was with me—we accused the parties of buying the weight of the lad—the female prisoner denied ever having seen the boy before, and said he must be an impudent young rascal for so saying—the male prisoner said we were welcome to search—we did so, but could find nothing of the weight—they offered willing search—as we went into the room I saw a girl go into a side passage—I told the male prisoner I was directly opposite, and saw the lad go in—I did not know the prisoners before—I told them the boy had no money in his possession when he went into the house, and he had 13 1/2 d. when he came out, and I was certain he had the weight when he went into the shop; and then the female prisoner said he was an impudent young rascal far so saying, they bad never seen him before in the shop.

Cross-examined. Q. Are there not several marine-store shops about there? A. I am not acquainted with the neighbourhood, and did not notice—I went with Dedross and another officer to within a rod of the shop—we were two doors off on the same side of the way—I saw Dedross go in—he did not speak to any one as he went in—I saw a butcher and Lyons standing in front of the door—I was in private clothes—Barker was at the adjoining corner—he had left me about five minutes before Dedross went in—Dedross and I were left alone for a moment or two—we three policemen were not all standing together when Dedross left us to go in—I crossed the road on to the opposite side of the way when Dedross went in—when we went in there was another female there—she was not behind the counter—as I went into the room she went into the side passage—she was just entering into the passage—she was not in the shop, but in the adjoining parlour—when I went into the shop I saw a glimpse of her going into the side passage, making her way into the shop.





HENRY CHAS. BARKER
 (police-constable H 11.) On the 3rd of August I was with Dow—I saw Dedross go into the prisoners' house in Petticoat-lane—there are a good many marine-store shops about there, but I have not the least doubt it was into the prisoners' shop he went—I was next door but two from the shop when he went in, about ten yards off—I was not able to see into the shop—I searched the boy before he went in, and

he had a weight with him—he remained in the shop about five minutes, at least that was the time from the time I parted with him till he came back—I searched him when lie came back—he had no weight then, and he had 1 1/2 d.—he had not that money about him when he went in, because he was searched at Spitalfields station in my presence—after he came out, I, Dow, and Perrin went in—the Magistrate did not bind Perrin over—Lyons was standing on the threshold of the door—I said, "You have just received a weight of this boy"—he said, "I know nothing about any weight," and he called to his wife—she was standing in the parlour, leading out of the shop—as I went into the shop I saw a female leave the parlour by a door into a passage, which leads into a yard, and comes again into the shop—when Mrs. Lyons came out she said she knew nothing about a weight—Dedross said, "I have just sold you a weight"—she said, "You must be mistaken, for there are other shops in the lane besides ours"—he said, "No, I am not; I gave the weight to a girl, and you were, standing at the table: she brought it to you at that table, and you gave me 1s. 1 1/2 d. for it"—she denied it, and repeatedly said she knew nothing about any weight—she denied all knowledge of the boy—we were afforded every facility in searching the house—we could not find any weight—I went out in two or three minutes, but could not find where the girl had gone to—she was not in the house.

Cross-examined. Q. You had seen the 13 1/2 d. found on the boy before you went in? A. Yes, he came out to me with it in his hand—when we went into the shop, Dedross said to the female prisoner, "I gave it to a girl who was standing behind the counter, and she brought it to you, and you were standing at that table"—he did not then say any thing about the 13 1/2 d.—he did afterwards—I cannot say exactly when—there was a constant repetition—I told the Magistrate that he had said she gave him 13 1/2 d.
(Stephen Bailey, hair-dresser, Middlesex-street, Aldgate; Moses Benjamin, fishmonger, Duke-street, Aldgate; Simon Marks, sponge-merchant, Middlesex-street, Aldgate; Abraham Joseph, glass-cutter, Dorset-street, Spitalfields; James Butler, carpenter, Thomas-street, Church-lane, Commercial-road; Henry Bobby, gas-fitter, Middlesex-street, Whitechapel; and R. H. Levin, grocer, Middlesex-street; deposed to the prisoners' good character.)

JOSEPH LYONS-

GUILTY
. Aged 33.—

Transported for Ten Years.


ROSETTA LYONS—


NOT GUILTY
.
(There were two other indictments against the prisoners, upon which no evidence was offered against the female prisoner.)

First Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

