



1181. 




WILLIAM GEAR



, stealing 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; the goods of a man unknown, from his person.






JOHN CARPENTER
 (police-sergeant, R 38). On 10th April, I was on duty at Greenwich fair, in plain clothes—I saw the prisoner go behind a gentleman, and stand very close to him with his hands in front of him—I could see from behind him that his elbows were moving, but I could not get to see what his hands were doing—he went from that gentleman to another, and stood in the same position—I could see his elbows moving as before—he then went to a third gentleman, and then to a fourth—I then saw him go to a fifth gentleman, and he took this handkerchief from his hind coat-pocket, and put it in his coat and came out from amongst the people—I told the gentleman he had been robbed, and if he would come with me I could find the handkerchief; but he went one way and the prisoner another—I followed him—he went out of the fair and into a passage leading from the market, and I saw him undo the

fly of his trowsers, take out four handkerchiefs, and put them in his coat-l got another officer who was in uniform, and X challenged the prisoner, and asked him where he came from—he said, "From Woolwich"—I said, "I am an officer; I charge you with stealing a white handkerchief from a gentleman"—he said, "I have not stolen a handkerchief, neither have I a white handkerchief about me"—I then pulled out from his coat these four silk-handkerchiefs, and ultimately this white one from his shoulder—he was then very violent, and threw my brother constable on the ground—I was obliged to use violent means, and threw him down and handcuffed him—I made him pull his clothes off—I found under his trowsers these other four handkerchiefs—there were eleven handkerchiefs found in all—I found on him this Russia leather cigar-case—a sergeant attended from the regiment the prisoner belongs to, and stated that he had been ten years in the service.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLER
Q. This was at night, and in Greenwich fair? A. Yes; it was in front of Richardson's show—it was crowded—there was not a dense crowd—there was a great deal of light from the show, and from a public-house in front of it—there was a space in front, before the show, with a great concourse of people, and behind them an open space—the prisoner's face was turned towards the show, but I do not believe he was looking at it—he was about the width of this Court from it—he went to five gentlemen in all—this handkerchief belonged to the fifth—it occupied from a quarter of an hour to twenty minutes—he went up close behind the gentlemens' backs—I do not know what became of the first four gentlemen—I did not see them robbed, or I would have gone to them—the fifth was the only gentleman I saw robbed—the prisoner did not tell me that he found these handkerchiefs in a bundle—he said that before the Magistrate—I believe it was the fifth gentleman whose pocket I saw picked—(looking at his deposition)—the fourth is stated here, but I stated several others before the Magistrate—one of the handkerchiefs had some halfpence tied in the corner of it, and when I pulled it out from his bosom the money fell on the ground. JOHN ARGUST (policeman, R 297). I assisted Carpenter in apprehending the prisoner—I saw four handkerchiefs beside this white one taken from his breast—he made great resistance—I found two handkerchiefs on him in addition to the nine found by the other officer, and one pair of gloves, and one odd glove—he appeared sober when we first took him, but be afterwards appeared very drunk—it was only sham.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.

