



890. 




ROBERT GREEN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
22nd of February, 1 purse, value 3d.; 1 half-sovereign, 10 shillings, and 1 six-pence, the property of 



Edward Parr, from the person of 



Mary Parr.






EDWARD PARR
. I am a French polisher, and live in Union-street, Middlesex Hospital. On Saturday night, the 22nd of February, I was walking with my wife, about ten minutes before twelve o'clock, in the Commercial-road—my wife had hold of my arm—I felt a pressure behind me—I looked round, and there were four men, the prisoner was one of them—I saw him shove something into his pocket, and he stooped down to do something to the strap of his boot—I said to my wife, "Is your purse safe?"—she felt, and said, "It is gone"—I turned back, and on the other side of the road I saw the prisoner—t went and said, "I want that purse you took from my wife, give me that purse"—he said, "What purse?"—I took hold of his collar—he tripped me up in a moment, but I jumped up on my feet, and threw him, and tore his coat—at that moment he took the purse from his pocket, got it between his legs, and tried to get it down a grating—I put my hand between his legs, and took the purse from him—my wife said, "That is my purse, I will swear to if—this is the purse—(looking at it)—the money stated was in it, but that was allowed to me at the office.





MARY PARR
. I am wife of Edward Parr. What he has stated is true—this is the purse I had in my pocket, it contained a half-sovereign and 10s. 6d.,—it was in my pocket on ray right side.





RALPH THOMAS
. I am a bargeman. I was going down to Limehouse, and saw the prosecutor and the prisoner, thinking the prisoner would get from him, I lent a hand to hold him—I saw the prisoner get the purse from his right hand pocket, and try to drop it from him through his legs, but the prosecutor got it from him.





JOHN ADAMS
. (police-constable K 124.) I took the prisoner.

Prisoner's Defence. I was going down the road, and picked up the purse; this man came and said, "You have got my wife's purse." I said, "No, here is a purse I have just picked up; "I gave it into his hands, and he tore my coat.




GUILTY. Aged 20.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.
—


Transported for Ten Years.
