



271. 




WILLIAM WALKER



, stealing 30lbs. weight of lead pipe, value 4s.; the goods of 



William Brooke, and fixed to a building; having been before convicted: 2nd COUNT, of the 

Westminster Improvement Committee.


MR. METCALFE
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES BUCHANNAN
 (policeman, A 280). On the night of 11th Nov. I saw the prisoner in the yard of 5, Paradise-row, Palmer's-village, on his

hands and knees, crawling away from the water-butt—I went and asked him what he was doing there—he said, "Nothing"—I took him into custody—he went one step outside, into the lane, with me—I called two other officers, and he turned and struck at me—they came up, and he struck at them—we took him to the station—I went back to the yard, and found the pipe of the water-butt severed in two; one piece was hanging from the wall, and a piece was missing, which one of the sergeants brought to the station—I had been in the yard an hour before, and it was safe.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. What was this lead hanging by? A. One part was leaning over the butt, and the other was hanging from the wall down on the ground—the yard was attached to the house—it is only a little cottage—you get into this yard by a door in the side of the wall—there are eight or nine cottages—it is a common water-butt—the persons in these cottages can get at it only by getting over the wall—the wall-door was not open that night—there was no one living in the cottage—the others were not empty then—the prisoner did not seem to be half asleep; he was very active—it was a clear moonlight night.





GEORGE CARTER
 (police-sergeant, B 17). I and Baker went to Buchanan's assistance, and found the prisoner struggling with him—I went to 5, Paradise-row, and saw this piece of pipe on the ground, it had been severed from the rest—it matched with the other.

Cross-examined. Q. This is an open yard? A. It is enclosed—the butt is common for the persons in that one house—there are butts in some of the other yards—I do not know whether there are in all—a man named Pitts, an acquaintance of the prisoner, lived there—the prisoner was very violent—I had several kicks from him, and some of them got bites as well—I used this piece of pipe to him.





WILLIAM BROOKE
. I am a hardwareman. I believe the house, 5, Paradise-row, is not mine; it has been sold some time—there have been no deeds signed—I do not know the man's name who was in possession in the beginning of Nov.—I had the keys—I went there with the policeman.

Cross-examined. Q. You sold it some time ago to the Improvement Commissioners? A. Yes; I think it was in Sept.—I was waiting to be paid—I did not execute my conveyance—I have not been paid the money.





WILLIAM BUTLER
 (police-sergeant, B 3). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction—(read—Convicted April, 1840, and transported for seven years)—he is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.

