




2638. 




JOHN ADAMS
 and 




WILLIAM ADAMS
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Joseph Sowerby and another, at 

St. Marylebone, about one o'clock in the night of the 
17th of September, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 8 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, 136 shillings, 90 sixpences, 202 groats, 127 pence, and 498 half-pence, their monies.






WILLIAM WHITMARSH
 (police-constable E 80.) I was on duty in Well-street on the 18th of September, about twenty minutes past three o'clock in the morning—there was an unfinished house, with a hoard before it, next door to Mr. Hannay, the dispensing chemist's, adjoining the premises of Messrs. Williams and Sowerby—they employ a private watchman—I heard a

noise there—I found the watchman sitting at Messrs. Williams'entrance door, in Well-street, fast asleep—I awoke him up, fetched another constable, came back, and the watchman and my brother constable were placing a ladder against the unfinished house—the watchman went up first—he got to the first floor window, and said, "Here is two of them"—I went up, got in at the first floor window, and found the two prisoners there—the prisoner John had his shoes off—on the first floor, where the prisoners were standing, I found these six 5s. packets of halfpence, wrapped up in this red handkerchief and a piece of white linen—it has never been out of my possession since—I took John into custody—he wished to put on his shoes—he put them on, and I took the prisoners away—I searched the house—the watchman lighted me over the premises—I west into every one of the rooms, and coming down kicked against this bundle—John Adams said, on going to the station, "Never mind, Bill, it is a bad job, but it will prevent us from doing anything more."





THOMAS FISHER
. I am a watchman employed by Williams and Sowerby, I went on watch—on the night of the 17th of September, about six o'clock in the evening, I went into the dwelling-house in Well-street, where they live—I staid there until eleven, then came out, and went into the unfinished house—there was a hoard round it—I went and saw all round the bottom part as far as I could with the light—I got in by undoing the padlock of the door in the hoard—I looked round, saw nobody there, went out, and locked the door after me—I sat myself down, and fell asleep—I was awoke by the policeman—I rang the porters up, and got a light from a man that keeps a coffee-stall at the end of the street—the policeman went away for another—he came back again—I had been up into the first floor, looked round, and could see nothing—I got up by the ladder to the middle window—one ladder was placed at the middle window and one at the end, inside the hoard—while I was gone to get the candle, Harden took the ladders away—when the policeman came back I went up again, and on going in at the middle window I saw the two prisoners standing at the corner window—I afterwards saw the bundle that the policeman found—I cannot tell how they got into the unfinished house—I never saw them till I collared them.





DANIEL MORGAN JONES
. I live with John Williams and Joseph Sowerby; their premises are in the parish of St. Marylebone. I know the unfinished house that adjoins the back of our premises, Nos. 61 and 62, Oxford-street—by getting over the hoarding outside, a person could get to our shop by means of a ladder which reached up to the leads on the top of the shop from the yard of the unfinished house—on the morning of the 18th of Sept. the policeman awoke me—when I got up the prisoners were in custody in the unfinished house—I found gold and silver to the amount of 19l. 11s. 4d. in this handkerchief in the unfinished house, on the first floor—there was a ladder at the back—from that first floor a person could get on the top of the leads of the Oxford-street premises, and get into the shop by means of a sky-light, which they opened—there was no fastening to it; it opens by means of a hinge, and is kept open by its own weight—I should think it is twenty feet above the floor of the shop—this rope (produced) and a ladder was placed there—it was taken from the sky-light, part on the leads, and part hanging into the shop—it was not fastened above at that time—a person holding by that rope, if fastened above, could get into the shop—one person on the leads must have held it while the other got down—a person could get back by fetching a large pair of steps from the shop in Oxford-street, and bringing it under the sky-light, where I found it on the morning of the 18th—the steps had not been left there the night before—I examined the cashier's desk in the shop; it was locked, and apparently safe, but my attention was afterwards drawn to a small board at the side of the

flap of the desk, which was forced open, by which means any person could put their arm into the desk, and so take the money out—the calico in which this bundle is tied up, appears to have been torn from a piece that had never been made up—I cannot say whether it is new, or whether it has been wished—the prisoners had nothing to do with the shop, to my knowledge.





GEORGE THOMPSON
. I am cashier to Williams and Sowerby. On Saturday, the 16th of Sept., I left the shop, locked my desk, and left about 30l. in it—there was 4l. worth of copper tied up in packets—I did not put it there myself—it was tied up when I took it—these are like the packets—I had 10l. in sovereigns in a small drawer in the desk, and about 20l. worth of silver tied up in pounds in paper, placed in a little fixture in the desk, above the drawer—on the Monday morning, about twenty minutes to seven o'clock, I went there—I examined the desk, and found the side had been forced open—put my hand to the part that was broken in, and could not feel any money, or anything—I found all the drawers in which the gold had been, and bowls that I kept the silver in to give change with, underneath the desk—I unlocked my desk about eight o'clock, and about 9l. was left—about 1l. 10s. worth of copper was gone, about six packets—I had locked the desk on the Saturday night, and gave the key to Mr. Jones.

MR. JONES
re-examined. I never unlocked the desk in the interval—I kept the key all the time.





FRANCIS HARDEN
 (policeman.) On the morning of the 18th of Sept. I went to this house—I found the watchman there—he went up when I was there, and found nobody—I removed the ladders, (while he was getting a light, because I heard a noise,) so that they might not get out—he came back with a light, and another policeman—the watchman then went up the ladder again, and found the two prisoners there—I held them, while my brother constable and the watchman searched the premises—John said to his brother, "It is a bad job, it is all up with us now, Bill "—I found one sovereign, seven shillings, and 16d. in copper—I have not counted the silver.





WILLIAM WHITMARSH

re-examined. There are seven sovereigns and a half here—I found no money on the prisoner I searched—there are six packets of copper, 5s. in each of them—I counted it at the station.

John Adams's Defence. We were both left without a home, and had no where to go; we had a little money about us; we did not like to spend it till we got a situation; we had been over the hoarding to sleep three nights running; the watchman was every night regularly asleep; the dog in the next yard began barking, hearing the noise of our feet on the gravel; we took our shoes off, and laid down; we heard the policeman under us making a noise; presently a ladder was put against the house, and they came up and took, us.

William Adams's Defence. I say the same as my brother.

JOHN ADAMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.

WILLIAM ADAMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.





Transported for Ten Years.


