



574. 




JOHN BRUKE
 was indicted

 for stealing at 

St. Andrew, Holborn, 1 watch, value 14l.; 1 watch-guard, 3l.; 3 shirts, 7s. 6d.; 2 pairs of drawers, 3 s.; 1 pair of trowsers, 1l. 1s.; 1 coat, 2 l.; and 7 shirt-collars, 6s.; the goods of 



James Grayson, in the dwelling-house of 



John Kinton.


MR. O'BRIEN
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES GRAYSON
. I am an attorney, and live at Newcastle-upon-Tyne. Last Dec. I was in London, and stopped at Hinton's Coffee-house, Red Lion-street—between twelve and one o'clock, on the night of Christmas-day, I was driven by a cabman form the City—I was to be driven to Holborn—he said it would be as near to go up Chancery-lane—when we got to the Grapes public-house the cab stopped, and I saw the prisoner—I treated the cabman and the prisoner there—they appeared to know each other—I had been drinking, and got three or four shillings of the landlord on a brequet-chain—I spent that in drink—the cabman left me, and the prisoner said he would see me home—on coming out of the Grapes he pleaded poverty, and said he did not think he could get a place to rest himself, he could not get a place to go to—we walked on to Holborn to the Coach and Horses, and had some ale there—I left a diamond ring with the landlord—we left there somewhere about three o'clock—I let myself into my lodgings at last, and the prisoner went with me—about ten o'clock in the morning I asked the prisoner to raise up the bed and give me my watch—I looked at it—it was a little after ten o'clock—it was a gold watch—it was left then on the chimney-piece, and I dozed off to sleep again—when I awoke the prisoner had left the room, and the watch was gone—I got up, and found all my things strewed about the

room, my papers especially—the key of my portmanteau was in my pocket the night before, and the portmanteau locked—I found it open, and missed things from it—as soon as I could dress myself I gave a description of the prisoner to the policeman, and saw him at the station on Sunday—I have not the least doubt of his being the person, and never had—he had a better handkerchief round his neck, I thought, a better coat, and a new hat.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. These adventures rare very rare with you? A. Yes, but this was Christmas-day, and I was a little affected with what I had taken—I was taken up in the cab at the top of Queen-street, in the City—I told the cab man, before I got in, that I only had 1s.—the prisoner was at the cab-stand—I spent 1s. in the public-house, in brandy and water, and had not 1d. to give the cab man—he said he did not mind his fare, if it was spent in liquor it would be quite sufficient—he went away and left the prisoner and I together—the prisoner and I had a little liquor after the cab man went away—then we went to the Coach and Horses and had some ale—I do not recollect saying there before Mr. Pacey the landlord, "Now, my boy, come and have a cup of coffee and a rasher of bacon"—I may have said so—the prisoner said he was afraid he should be shut out and not have a night's lodging—I never heard him say he was lodging at his aunt's—I cannot be certain either one way or the other—I slept on the inside of the bed next the wall—he was on the outside nearest the door—he had to reach over me to the chimney-piece—when I went to bed I put my watch underneath the bed at the foot, not under the bolster—I generally put it on the chimney-piece—I did not feel sick or ill in the morning, from the liquor—I do not recollect that the prisoner said anything about being ill—he was on the bed, and I was aroused by his movement and missed the watch—he afterwards got up and went out—he did not ask me good morning as he went out—he did not put on his hat—he did not ask me to take the watch out and look at it then—I did not hear him say the night before that he had to be at the stand at eleven o'clock—mine was a carpet-bag, not a portmanteau—I do not recollect paying 6d. for a glass of brandy and water.

MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Did you miss the watch before the prisoner left the room? A. No, I think about two minutes afterwards—nobody else had come into the room before I missed it.

MR. HORRY. Q. Was the door locked night? A. Yes, and the key on the inside.





GEORGE HARRISON
 (police-constable F 120) In consequence of information I took the prisoner on Sunday morning, between one and two o'clock, in Newcastle-court—I told him it was on suspicion of stealing a gold watch—he said, "I have not got it"—in going to the station I asked him if he recollected being with a gentleman—he said he had been with a gentleman who had left a brequet-chain at a house in Newcastle-court, at Carr's house—I know the house—he said he got 3s. or 4s. on it—he said they went from there to the Coach and Horses, Holborn, and the gentleman left a diamond ring for 6 penny worth of something to drink—I think he said he slept at home that night, but do not know whether he did or not.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not he say, "I did not sleep at home, I slept with the gentleman?" A. I think he said he slept at home, but am not certain—I have made inquiry about the property.





ELIZA BUTTEN
. I serve in a coffee-house. On this Saturday morning, about half-past ten or eleven o'clock, I saw somebody coming out of Mr. Grayson's room—I do not know the prisoner—the prisoner said, "Will you call him about half-past eleven"—I understood him to mean Mr. Grayson.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the door open? A. I heard him open it—I looked round and saw him come out of the bed-room door—it was shut at first—he

did not come back to me—he passed me, got two or three stairs down, and then turned round and said, "Will you call him about half-past eleven?"—he went away—I saw nothing in his hands.
(James Kenny, head gardener at Lincoln's-inn-fields, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. *(†) Aged 22.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor, on account of the sudden temptation.

—


Transported for seven Years.

