



1744. 





RICHARD NEWEY
 was indicted

 for that he, being employed in the Post-office, did, on the 
9th of June, steal a certain post letter containing a sovereign, the property of 

Her Majesty's Postmaster-general.—Seven other Counts, varying the manner of stating the charge.


MESSRS. SHEPHERD
and
ADOLPHUS
conducted the Prosecution.






ROBERT SMITH
. I am superintending president of the Twopenny Post-office. The prisoner was employed as an assistant letter-carrier in the Enfield district—in consequence of something I heard on the 8th of June, I marked a sovereign, and enclosed it in a sheet of paper, sealed it, and directed my clerk to address it to Mr. Thomas Nicholson, George-street, Manchester, and saw him direct it—I delivered the letter that same day to Peek, the officer, and desired him to proceed to Ponder's-end next day and post the letter there, and to meet me at Enfield post-office a little before one o'clock on the 9th—I got to Enfield about a quarter to one on the 9th—it was the prisoner's duty to collect the letters at Ponder's-end, and he was provided with a pouch to put them in, and to take them to the post-office at Enfield, to be made up for the London bag—he collected at Ponder's-end about a quarter-past twelve—I waited at Enfield till the bag was brought out of the post-office, and delivered to the rider to put into his saddle-bag to bring to London—I proceded immediately to the post-office at Enfield—Peek was also there—I got the bag from the rider—the prisoner was standing at the side of the horse—I took the bag into the sorting-office, cut it open and looked for this letter—I could not find it, and I said to the prisoner, "A letter is missing, are all the letters here that you have brought from the receiving houses?"—he said, "Yes"—I looked over the letters again, and said, "A letter is certainly missing, have you got any about you?"—he said, "No"—I then asked him if he had any objection to be searched—he hesitatingly said, "No"—I directed Peek to search him—when he was in the act of doing so, the prisoner got out of the chair where he was sitting, and said, "It is no use denying it," put his hand into his left-hand trowsers pocket, and pulled out the letter, crumpled up—it was the letter I had previously given Peek—this is it, it has not been opened yet—(The witness here opened it)—it contains the same sovereign as I put in—the prisoner said, "I beg your pardon, I hope you will forgive me!"—he fell down in the chair, and laid his head across the back of it—I then gave him into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did he appear to be very much terrified at the time? A. Yes—I do not know that there is such a person as Mr. Thomas Nicholson, of George-street, Manchester—it was a name which came into my head, and was used only for the purpose of detection—the letter bears no post-mark.





MATTHEW PEEK
. I am a police-constable attached to the post-office. On the 8th of June Mr. Smith gave me a letter to post—I dropped it into the

box at Ponder's-end post-office, on the 9th, about half-past ten o'clock in the morning—I afterwards went to Enfield, and met Mr. Smith there—I waited till the prisoner brought the bag out of the office, and gave it to the riding-boy—I then stepped forward, and ordered the boy to give me the bag back—we went into the office, and Mr. Smith cut the bag open, and said there was a letter missing—he asked the prisoner whether he had brought all the letters from Ponder's-end—he said, "Yes"—he asked if he had got any about him—he said, "No"—he asked if he had any objection to be searched—he hesitatingly said no—I was about to search him, when he said, "It is no use denying it,"put his hand into his trowser's pocket, and produced the letter in a crumpled state—he then said, "I beg your pardon, I hope you will forgive me"—he then fell back in the chair, apparently in a fainting state, and hung his head over the chair—this is the letter.





EMMA BRADING
. My husband keeps the post-office receiving-house at Ponder's-end, and I assist him in doing the duties of the office—I know the prisoner—he came to the office on the 9th of June—this letter was then in the post-office—as I took the letters out of the box, and put them on the counter, I observed this letter, bearing a blue stamp, I took it up, and observed to the prisoner, that I thought it above weight, and that it contained coin, and by the sound of it a sovereign—I knocked it against the counter—the prisoner took it up, looked at it, and replied to the same effect, that it did contain coin—I then proceeded to sort them, and make up my bill, and gave all the letters to the prisoner—I laid this down among the rest—he had no bag—he went away with the letters to go to Enfield.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you stamp all the letters? A. Yes.

COURT. Q. It is your business to do so? A. Yes, and I supposed I had done so—this letter ought to have been stamped, but I must in the conversation with the prisoner have omitted stamping all the unpaid letters—I am sure I stamped all the paid—there were only twelve letters altogether, six of each—stamped letters are considered as unpaid—paid letters are those which I receive money for.
(Tom Flood Cutbush, of Enfield; John Harvey, of Stamford-hill; Thomas Foster, builder, of Enfield; Thomas Parbury, smith, of Enfield; Charles Griffiths, clothier, of Enfield; Ebenezer Gibbons, fruiterer, of Enfield; William Hogg, plumber, of Enfield; Harry Young, surveyor, of Enfield; Thomas Ridley, watch and clockmaker, of Enfield; George Phipps, sadler, of Enfield; Joel Logsden, coach-builder, of Enfield; William Lake, grocer, of Enfield; John Glover, coach-master, of Enfield; and Moses Patter, boot-maker, of Enfield, gave the prisoner a good character.




GUILTY. Aged 18.—Strongly recommended to mercy.
—



Transported for Twelve Years.

