




80. 




ANN OAKES
 and 




ELIZABETH RALLS
 were indicted for

 stealing 20 yards of calico, value 5s., the goods of 



Mary Guy; and that they had both been before convicted of felony.






INGRAM FEERN
. I am in the employ of Mary Guy, who lives in Farringdon-street. On the 29th of Oct., about five in the evening, Jones gave me information—I ran out and saw Ralls with a piece of calico under her shawl—there was no one with her at that time—I sent Jones for a policeman, and gave Ralls into custody—the calico was Mrs. Guy's—I had seen it safe half-anhour before—this mark, "3d. a yard," was on it at the time.





JOSEPH JONKS
. About five o'clock that evening I was going down Farrihgdonstreet—I saw the two prisoners at the prosecutrix's door—Oakes took the calico, and gave it to Ralls, who put it under her arm—I went into the shop, and told of it.

Oakes. Q. Did you not tell the Magistrate that you saw the calico move, but you could not say who took it? A. No, I said I saw you take it from the rail.





EDWARD COTT
 (City police-constable, No. 285.) I took the prisoners—Ralls had the calico.

Oakes. Jones said he never lost sight of us, and the officer took me at

the end of Farringdon-street, and he took this woman up the street; he passed me and took her, then came hack, and took me; I never spoke to an individual, nor stopped at any window, nor touched anything; Jones said he saw the calico move, and saw me push it under this woman's shawl; I had an opportunity to go away, hut I did not go; what Jones says is as false as God is true.





JOSEPH JONES

re-examined, I came past, and almost touched them while they took it—I am sure Oakes took it, and I saw her push it under Ralls'shawl.

Ralls. I was at the corner of Stonecutter-street; I was not where this woman was.





JAMES BRAN NAN
 (police-sergeant G 20.) I produce a certificate of Oakes's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office.—(Read—"Convicted on the 20th of Aug., 2nd Viet., sentenced to be imprisoned five days in Newgate.")—Oakes is the person, and since that she has had a round of all the prisons in the metropolis.





GEORGE DOWNS
 (police-constable F 101.) I produce a certificate of Ralls's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office.—(Read—"Convicted on the 25th of Nov., 3rd Viet., and transported for seven years.")—she is the person.
(Alexander Scott, a billsticker, gave Elizabeth Rails, who is his sister, a good character.)

OAKES—


GUILTY
. Aged 53.—


Transported for Seven Year
.

RALLS—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—



Confined One Year
.
