



1522. 



ISAAC WATTS
 was indicted

for feloniously uttering 1 counterfeit shilling to 



Rebecca Jolly, he having been before convicted of a like offence.


MESSRS. DOANE
and
BALDWIN
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to the Mint. I produce a coopy of the record of the conviction of Isaac Watts, which I have examined with the original—it is a true copy—(read.)





JOHN WOOLFE
 (police-sergeant.) I remember the prisoner being tried here—I had him in custody—he is the person described in that record.





THOMAS YATES
. I keep the Hope and Anchor, New-street, Shadwell. On the 16th of July, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came and called for a pint of porter, and offered me a shilling, which I put into the till, and gave him Ad. in copper, and a sixpence—in consequence of what happened with somebody else, I looked into the till—there was no other shilling there—I had not been away from the till—I took it out not half a second after he had given it to me—I am certain it was the same—I looked at it, and saw it was a bad one—the prisoner was standing outside the door—I went round, and gave him into custody, and gave the constable the shilling.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did not your wife go and get change for a shilling? A. Yes—she is not here—I did not give her the shilling the prisoner gave me—she had her own shilling in her pocket, I suppose—I didnot give the prisoner in charge till ray wife came back—that was in about two or three minutes—nobody was serving but me—I am certain I put the shilling lie gave me into the till.





REBECCA JOLLY
. I am a widow, and keep the Three Compasses, at Shad-well. On the 16th of July, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon,

the prisoner came to my bouse for 3d. worth of gin—I served him—lie paid me a bad shilling—I saw it was bad, I bent it, and returned it to him—he them paid me in copper—Yates came in at the time, and Seaman, the policeman, took the shilling—this is it—(produced)—I know it by the mark—I bent it with a pair of pliers—I gave it back to the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. When you saw it again, the colour was different, was it not? A. It was, and there were scratches on it, which were not on it when I had it, and it was more bent than it is now; but here is the mark where I bent it with the pliers,





WILLIAM BEARD
. I am a drayman to Mr. Calvert. I was at the Three Cups, and saw the prisoner standing in the bar—I walked by him—Mr. Yates came in—the policeman came in, and he gave the prisoner in charge for passing bad money—the prisoner wrung his hands, and said so help hit God he had no bad money about him—Pickering searched him in my presence—I stood close to his elbow, and as I was going home, I found a bad shilling in my right-hand jacket pocket—it was not in my pocket when I left home in the morning—it was a white drayman's jacket—I had only 1d. about me, and that I had spent—the shilling was not out of my sight till it was given to Seaman, the constable.

Cross-examined. Q. you went into the White Bear? A. Yes—I did not give that shilling to the landlord—I pulled it out—my mate took it in his hand, and showed it to the landlord, but it was never out of my sight—my mate is not here—nor is the landlord—the landlord gave it to Seaman in my presence, and I marked it.





FREDERICK PICKERING
 (police-constable K 87.) On the 16th of July I was at the Three Cups—I was calledv and saw Yates and the prisoner there—Yates gave him in charge for passing a bad shilling—Mrs. Jolly said he had tried one on her, and she had bent it and gave it him back—I searched him, and found 8. 9d. on him, half-a-crown, a sixpence, and the rest in shillings, all good—I produce the shilling Yates gave me—I saw Beard standing by the side of the prisoner while I was searching him.





GEORGE SEAMAN
 (policeman.) I produced the bad shilling which I got from the publican, in Beard's presence.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of counterfeit coin. These shillings are both counterfeit—they are not of the same mould, nor the same reign.




GUILTY
 **—


Transported for Seven Years.
(The prisoner had been eighteen times in custody.)
