



1060. 




WILLIAM DUDLEY
 was indicted

for embezzlement.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






ADAM DICKSON
. I am a baker, living in Fetter-lane. The prisoner had been in my employ, about four months—it was his duty to deliver bread to my customers, and account to me, if paid for, the same day when he returned—Miss Clarke was a customer of mine, and Mr. Robinson—if he received 6l. 4s. 11d. on the 14th of February, he did not account to me, or for 7s., or 9s. from Mr. Robinson—I discharged him on the 27th of February—he went away without accounting to me for these sums—I then heard of this, and went to Ipswich—I found him at the Feathers inn, under the name of William Smith, at four o'clock in the morning, on the 6th of March—there were two officers with me—I asked him at the station, if he knew what my business was, he said he did—I asked him "What," he said, "After that customer's money"—I said, "What customer's money?" he paused, I said, "Miss Clarke's, in Baker-street?" he said, "Yes"—I said, "You have used me very badly"—he began to cry, and said, "Yes, I have"—I was the only person to whom he ought to have accounted.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Have you a wife? A. Yes, and a son James—I am not always at home—if the prisoner came back with some money from a customer it would not be doing wrong to pay my wife money, but he never did—she is not here, nor is my son—I saw his wife on the morning before I went to Ipswich—she showed me a letter—I told

her to ask him to come to town about a bill, and before it could reach him I got there and took him.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Ought the money to be entered in any book? A. Yes, the day-book, and from that to the cash-book and ledger—they are here—these sums are not down.





ELIZABETH ARNOTT
. I live with Miss Clark, in Baker-street, Portman-square—she dealt with Mr. Dixon for bread—I remember her being indebted 6l. 4s. 11d.—on Monday, the 24th of February, I paid the money to the prisoner—he receipted the book and the bill—these are them—I paid him a 5l. note, a sovereign, and the rest in silver.





CHARLOTTE BROOM
. I am cook in the service of Mr. Robinson, of Montague-place, Russell-square; I was supplied with bread by Mr. Dixon. On the 27th of February I paid the prisoner 9s. and 7s. on Mr. Dixon's account—these are the bills the prisoner receipted.

Cross-examined. Q. Were these bills ready receipted? A. He signed them at the gate while I was there.




GUILTY
.* Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.
