




2261. 




LEOPOLD MEYER
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
26th of June, at 

St. Andrew Undershaft, one ring, value 21l., the goods of 



Philip George Dodd, in his dwelling-house; and 





ROBERT BERG



 for feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to be stolen; to which


MEYER pleaded 



GUILTY. Aged 20.—Recommended to mercy, and received



a good character.—



Confined Six Months.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






PHILIP GEORGE DODD
. I am a jeweller, and live in Leadenhall-street. On the 26th of June, about a quarter to three o'clock in the afternoon, Meyer came into my shop and asked me to show him some rings—I did so—he selected one at five guineas, and desired me to substitute some rubies for the emeralds—he left me a ring with a crystal in it, requesting I would put a garnet in it—the ring cost about 25s. or 30s., independent of any stone—there were some rings in a tray lying near where the prisoner was standing—I should think 300 or 400—before he left the shop, from an intimation my brother gave me, I entertained some suspicion—my younger brother followed him, but did not succeed in tracing him—I did not think myself justified in seizing him at the time—I afterwards found that a diamond ring was missing, worth twenty guineas.

Berg. Q. How far is your shop from the portico of the India-house? A. About twenty-five yards—it is not opposite, but in the same line—Meyer came into my shop at a quarter to three, or rather sooner—I think the clerk at the office put down a quarter to two—I mentioned to him that he had made a mistake—I am certain it was a quarter to three, or thereabouts—the clerk made the mistake.





ALFRED DODD
. I am the brother of the last witness. On the 26th of June, some time before three o'clock, Meyer came into the shop—my brother showed him some rings—I observed one of them was missing, and followed him out of the shop, and immediately caught sight of him just after he passed Lime-street—he had got some short distance—he joined Berg under the portico of the India-house—Berg could not see the shop from where he was placed—when Meyer joined Berg, he entered into conversation with him for about a minute—they were then standing at the door of a cab—I did not see anything pass between them—they separated—Meyer walked on a little further and hailed a cab, with his stick pointing westwards—he got in and we drove off towards St. Paul's—when I returned, Berg was in the other cab, and the horse's head was towards Whitechapel, but still stationary where I had left it.

Berg. Q. Did the inspector tell you what to say here in evidence? A. No—I should say Meyer remained in the shop about ten minutes—he hired the cab in Leadenhall-street—I noticed the number—I could not swear Meyer had committed a robbery—when I saw him speaking to you I did not consider myself justified in giving you in custody then—I can't say that I ever saw you before—I am positive you are the man.





JAMES GREEN
. I am a cab man. On the 26th of June, Meyer called my cab—I do not know whether Berg is the person who was with him—I drove Meyer to the Westminster-road—he kept hurrying me—I drove him by the Marsh-gate, Lambeth-road—he had no money to pay me, and gave me a Union pin—he told me to bring it to his lodgings next morning—I took it, but he was not known there—this is the address he gave me.


Berg. Q. Did not Meyer tell you to drive quick, for there was another cab behind? A. No—he said there was a cab behind, but I did not know what he meant by it—he did not speak English very well—I could just understand him—he said he would give me 10s. and when he got out he said he had got no money—when I was called from Leadenhall-street, there were three cabs on the stand—Meyer took the first, and you the second—I was on the stand close by the India House—I cannot swear you were the person with him—I did not know Mr. Alfred Dodd was following Meyer.





DAVID STEEL
. I am a bookseller, and live at No. 2, Spring-gardens, Charing-cross. On the 22nd of June the prisoner Berg engaged apartments at my house, along with Meyer his friend, as he represented him—he called him Leopold Burlington—Berg said that Meyer was a young gentleman come from Germany; that his friends were very rich; and he had come over here to stop for six weeks or two months—Berg did not lodge with me, he came as Meyer's friend—they were not lodging together—I used to see Berg at Meyer's frequently—on the 26th of June, about nine or ten o'clock in the morning, Berg came—I cannot say whether they went out together—I did not see anything more of them till Berg came in from half-past three to five o'clock, I cannot swear exactly—Meyer came in about a quarter of twenty minutes past five—he did not sleep there that night—he said nothing about where he was going—Berg had come in great agitation and trouble about his friend—he had a newspaper, and was up and down stairs in great agitation, saying, "Is my friend come yet?"—Meyer came a little after five—Berg came down stairs to make up the bill, and said they were going away directly—I was surprised, as they had only been there four days—they paid me, and went off in great hurry and excitement—Berg said they were going to some German Baron in South or North Audley-street.

Berg. You stated before Mr. Hard wick that Meyer was out till about four o'clock, and now you say about five. Witness. This is my hand writing—(looking at his deposition)—it was read over to me before I signed it, but it was not taken down in a manner that I liked, it was taken down so incorrectly—I stated that Berg came in from three to five, I would not positively state to a quarter of an hour—Meyer came in about five—you were up and down stairs several times before Meyer came in, and you rang the bell.





MARIA BADGER
. I have lived with Berg, as his wife, for twelve or thirteen months—I remember his going out one Friday about nine o'clock, and not returning—in consequence of that I had his box broken open, and found a pocket book in it, in which were three pieces of a ring which I sold at the shop of Mr. Greeves, in Bulstrode-street.

Berg. Q. Did the inspector go to your father and friends to speak against me? A. Not that I am aware of—I never heard him talk to my friends about you at all—we were not married, through a difference of religion.





GEORGE STEWART
. I am shopman to Mr. Greeves, a pawnbroker, of Bulstrode-street. I purchased these three pieces of a ring from Badger.

P. C. DODD
re-examined. These are my property—one piece has my mark—they are the ring without the stones—my house is in the parish of St. Andrew Undershaft.





NICHOLAS PEARCE
 (Inspector of police.) I took the prisoners into custody together at Upper Stamford-street—I heard the statement made by Meyer at the Police-court—I know Mr. Hardwick's handwriting—I believe the initials to this statement to be his—(read)—"The prisoner Berg says, 'The Pieces of ring found in my box were given to me by Meyer.' "
(The prisoner Berg, in a long defence, stated, that he was engaged as interpreter and servant to Meyer two months ago, whose appearance was that of a German



nobleman travelling for pleasure; that Meyer went to the prosecutor's shop, and desired him (Berg) to stop by the India House, which he did, and then got him a cab; that the pieces of ring were given him by Meyer, and he did not know them to be stolen.)

BERG—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Justice Williams.

