



77. 




ROBERT TWEED
. was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of November, 1 purse, value 2s.; 1 ring, value 2s. 6d.; 25 sovereigns, and 1 sixpence, the property of 



George Clifford, in the dwelling-house of 



William Wells.






GEORGE CLIFFORD
. I am a servant out of place. I came to town from Shrewsbury on the 28th of October, and lodged at William Wells's, in Riding-house-lane, Marylebone—the prisoner is the friend of a person who lived in the kitchen. On the 29th, I asked him to assist me in according my trunks, which he did—I unlocked my large trunk and took out a purse with twenty-eight sovereigns in it—I took out one sovereign, leaving twenty-seven, a ring, and sixpence—on Monday, the 2nd of November, I took out two more, leaving twenty-five, a ring, and a crooked sixpence—among the sovereigns was one split at the edge—I locked the trunk, and put the keys in my pocket—the prisoner was not with me then—on Thursday, the 5th, I went to the trunk to get more money, and found the lock broken off, and the money gone—I had only a farthing left—part of the trunk was broken—I had seen it over night, but not examined it, as the lock was turned against the wall.

Prisoner. Q. How many beds were there in the room you slept in? A. Three, but no man ever saw the trunk open but you.





WILLIAM JOSEPH WALKER
. I am a painter and glazier. I was staying at this house, in Riding-house-lane, as I had come from the country—on the 3rd of November I and my wife called on Mr. Crow, who is well acquainted with the prisoner—I have known him fourteen years—they said they were all going out for a walk—the prisoner said, "Don't let us go out together; go out, and we will meet them at the corner"—we went round into Titchfield-street, to the Bell public-house—he said, "Come in here and have a glass of ale"—he threw down a sovereign, which I saw was split at the edge—the landlady objected to it, and showed it to a gentleman at the bar—he said, "It is very good, but I should be sorry to take it, as I could not change it,,—the prisoner said, "Well, then, here is another, and if you don't like that, here is another"—we then left, and met our other friends at the bottom of the street—we went down Great Titchfield-street—I waited rather behind the others, and when I came up to my wife, she said, in the prisoner's presence, "Robert has given me a sovereign"—I said, "Robert, I don't want that, I have just received my wages, and don't want it"—my wife did not return it to him—we went on to Oxford-street, and met Mr. Crow and some friends—the prisoner said to me, "Come with me into the City, I am going to see about a parcel; I have a letter, and am going to receive some money from my friends, and there will be a hare and things; you may as well cook them for me"—he took a cab—I said, "It

will do us more good to walk to the Bull and Mouth"—we had a cab to St. Martin's-le-grand, and stopped at several houses—he said, when we were in the cab, "I have plenty of money, I have got two 5l. notes, and some more besides"—he said, "I will show you the letter I have received"—he took a pocket-book out of his pocket, and said, "Oh! I have left it at home, I quite forgot that"—I saw him with four or five sovereigns—we dined in St. Martin's-le-grand, and then went to another house and had refreshment—he paid on all occasions, and treated the cab-man—he seemed to be known by all the cab- men and hackney coach drivers—he said he had received the money from the country, that when he awoke up that morning he found a letter for him from the country—we went from St. Martin's-le-grand to Whitechapel, opposite the work-house—he told us to stop there half an hour—we stopped there two hours—he there gave my wife fifteen sovereigns to take care of, and one she had before made sixteen—I cannot say whether the split sovereign was among them—we stopped there till four or five o'clock, and then returned in the same cab—he was treating every body, cab men and omnibus proprietors—he said he was going to see after his license, which they had in their possession, and on returning home he bought my wife a ring, unknown to me, which cost 12s. 6d., and bought the cab men two or three handkerchiefs—he bought several other handkerchiefs—I am not sure whether he spent 24s. or 25s.—we went on the coach-stand in Holborn, and had plenty of drink, nothing but port wine and brandy—he gave that to the coachmen—he then told the cab- man to drive to a shoe-shop in Oxford-street, and told my wife to purchase a pair of shoes, which she did—we then proceeded to the stand where we had first met in the morning, and there met a cab- man belonging to the same yard as we were at before—the prisoner said, "I owe this cab- man 2l., I must have it"—I gave him 2l. in the presence of another cab- man—we then had some more brandy and water, and my wife and I went with him to the yard—I returned him the fifteen sovereigns, as he wanted it.





MARIA LOUISA WALKER
. I am the wife of the last witness. On Tuesday afternoon, the 3rd of November, I met the prisoner and my husband in Titchfield-street—he gave me a sovereign—we took a cab—I observed a chased ring on, the prisoner's finger—I do not know what became of it—it was not solid gold—we went to a public-house, and had something to drink, and in the evening, at one public-house, I saw him with a bent sixpence—he took it up again, and said he would not lose it for 1000l.—the day after we were in a coach, he took his money out of his pocket, and said he wanted to get rid of something—he put his money on the cushion of the coach, and said to my husband, "Do you see any thing?" and at the same time threw something out, which appeared to me to be the bent sixpence—it went into the road and was lost—it was bent on each side.

Prisoner. Q. Describe the house we went to at the latter part of the evening, after riding about with me all the day? A. We went to a concert-room, and my husband took you home in a cab, within a few houses of your home, but we did not exactly know where you lived, but we knew the spot—the policeman persuaded my husband to get you home—you said you would not go home, you would go wherever we went—we were not in any lodging at the time, and my husband had to get a lodging for the night—I was with my husband—you had a room, and we had one.





JEREMIAH MILSTEAD
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into

custody between two and three o'clock, on the morning of the 6th of November—I did not find any ring nor split sovereign on him.





GEORGE CLIFFOR
. re-examined. Mine was a common chased ring, worth; about 2s. 6d., it was not gold—the sixpence was bent up on both ends.





MARY WELLS
. I am the wife of William Weils, the housekeeper. On Tuesday morning I was washing in the back-kitchen, and saw the prisoner up and down stairs several times, and on Monday evening, the 2nd of November, as well—he was very tipsy—I had a great deal of linen about, and seeing the prisoner about I asked my husband for the key of the kitchen to lock it up, as I did not like his appearance—about half-past eleven o'clock on Tuesday morning he went up to the top of the house without any shoes on, and was gone about twenty minutes—Clifford lodges at the top of the house—he came down, put his shoes on, and went out of doors—I never saw him again till he was in custody—another man was taken to the station-house on suspicion, and I told them I had seen the prisoner go up without any shoes on.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me go up? A. Yes, about half-past eleven o'clock on Tuesday morning—there is a trap-door on the kitchen stairs—I looked through it after you, because you looked so after me—I saw you go past the door leading to the street, and go up the first flight of stairs; and while I was looking after you Mrs. Walker came and talked to me, which took my attention off watching you further—you had no shoes on, or if you had they must have been very light ones.

Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the prosecutor's money; I never went, near the place the box was in from the time he entered it; there are three others sleep in the room, who are quite as likely to know where the money was as I.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

