




1203. 




WILLIAM MATTHEWS
 was indicted

 for stealing 8 shillings, the monies of 



Harding Sawyer; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






SUSANNAH HILTON FOX
. I live with my brother-in-law, Mr. Sawyer, in Hoxton. On Saturday afternoon, the 10th of April, the prisoner and another man came for a pint of ale—I served them—they gave me a shilling—I put it into the till, gave them change, and was going to leave them, when they called for the paper—there were several shillings in the till at that time—I cannot say how many—I did not go to the till again—I heard my sister say, "What do you do behind the till?"—the prisoner said, "I was merely going for the paper."





ANN SAWYER
. I am sister of the last witness, and the wife of Harding Sawyer—there was about 8s. in the till that day—I saw the prisoner turn the corner of the bar—he had no business there—he said he had been for the paper, but the other man had the paper in his hand—the prisoner and the other man then went out—I missed the money—I ran out, and the witness Beek told me he saw the prisoner take the money.





BENJAMIN BECK
. I was looking in through the prosecutor's window to see what the time was—I was the prisoner there—another man took a paper, and put it up before his eyes—the prisoner asked if it was all right—the other man said, "Yes"—the prisoner went and opened the till, took the money out, and shut it again—Mr. Sawyer asked what he wanted there—he said he had been for the paper—the prisoner and the other man then went off—I am sure the prisoner opened the till and took the money.

Prisoner. I pass the house every day to go work; this boy says he saw me thought the window; there is a large board in the window, which would prevent anybody looking through.

Witness. No, there is a little place that I could see through—I saw the prisoner jump over and go to the till—there is a little hole at the bottom—a little boy, not half so big as me, could see through it—the prisoner saw me two or three days after, and asked me what I saw—I knew the prisoner—he is one of the gang of Hoxton Old-town.





WILLIAM BEASLEY
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted 16th of June, 1846, and confined nine months)—the prisoner is the person—he had been convicted before that.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported For Seven Years.

