



29. 




JAMES NEWSOM
 was indicted

 for a robbery on 



William White, on the 
29th of October, and stealing from his person, and against his will, 1 handkerchief, value 3s. 6d.; 1 shirt-stud, 2s.; 1 walking-stick, 6d.; 1 penny, 2 halfpence, and 1 farthing; his property.



MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.





WILLIAM WHITE
. I live in New-walk, Whitefriars, and am clerk to Mr. Peter, a barrister. On the evening of the 29th of Oct., about eight or nine o'clock, I was passing through Hyde-park, and saw the prisoner between Cumberland-gate and the Serpentine—I was going towards the Green-park—the prisoner was in his regimentals—he spoke to me, and said, "It is a cold night"—we walked together side by side—he asked me if I was going out at one of the upper gates—I told him I was going out at Grosvenor-gate, and he then laid his hands on * * * outside my trowsers—that was very soon after I told him I was going out at Grosvenor-gate, I cannot tell how long—he then said, "You had better come this way, it will be nearer to Grosvenor-gate "—we then got under the barriers, to go the nearer way—I turned from the way I was going, to go the way he suggested—that was after he had done what I have described—the barrier is a railing which separates the path from the grass—we were nearly by the Serpentine then—when we had got under the barrier, and got on to the grass, he snatched my stick from my hand, and collared me—this is the stick I had—he then said, "You b—b—, you shall not go till I have had something from you "—I told him I had nothing to give him—he said he would search me—he still kept hold of my coat, and collared me tight, and he searched my pockets—he took out of my outer coat pocket a red silk pockethandkerchief, and from my waistcoat pocket a penny, two halfpence, a farthing, and a gold enamelled shirt-stud—he said I had a watch—I told him I had none—he then said I had money in my hat—I took it off, and showed him that I had none—he had still got me by the collar—he then said I should not go, until he had had my outer coat off my back—I told him he should not have it—he again said he would have it—I wrestled, and got from him, and called for the police—I ran away from him—after I called "Police" he ran after me with the stick—he did not reach me—I called "Police" a second time, and he then ran away—I heard the policeman spring his rattle, and call out, "Follow him" "—I did follow him, and the policeman followed me—I followed the prisoner some distance—I cannot say how far—he was running towards Bayswater—when I had followed him some distance, I saw another policeman coming in a cross direction, and he caught the prisoner—after he was caught, I saw the other policeman, Kemball, pick up the stick, which the prisoner had dropped—I did not see him drop it—he picked up the same stick the prisoner had taken from me, and I saw him pick up a silk handkerchief—it is not mine, it is my master's—I had taken some things to be cleaned in the handkerchief in the course of the day—the prisoner was taken to the station, with the handkerchief—I know this halfpenny (looking at one) by its battered appearance—it is one of the halfpence the prisoner took from my waistcoat pocket.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Is your master here? A. Yes—he did not know I had the handkerchief—he had told me to take the things to my mother's—I took them in the morning—I returned to the Temple, but took the handkerchief to get them back again—I was to get them back in the evening—I did not have it in my pocket all day—I left it at home when I took the things, and had it in my pocket intending to get it washed—I had not my master's particular order to do so, but I always get his things washed—I had been to Paddington, to see master off by the railroad, and take his luggage, and was not going back to the Temple again—I am

eighteen years old, and have been two years with Mr. Peter—I thought it disgusting and improper for the prisoner to put his hand where he did, but I did not think he did it intentionally—it did not hurt me—I now think it was an accident—he did not turn round to me when he did it—we walked side by side—his hand did not remain there any time—he took it off directly, not at my suggestion—he then said, "You had better come this way, it is much nearer"—it was so—I had told him I was going to Grosvenor-gate—there are no gas-lights over the barrier—we had to cross the grass quite out of the path, to get to Grosvenor-gate.

COURT. Q. How has the Serpentine anything to do with Grosvenor-gate? A. I had walked round there from Cumberland-gate, merely for a walk.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Where were you going? A. Into Regent-street, to see a friend in John-street, Golden-square—I entered the park at Cumberland-gate between eight and nine o'clock—I intended to be home by eleven o'clock—I have never taken a walk in the park but twice before in my life—never more than three times, I am positive—nothing ever happened to me in the park before—I never had any charge made against me, or by me, before.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you any suspicion of him when you turned under the barrier to go with him? A. No; I am still in Mr. Peter's service.





WILLIAM KEMBALL
 (police-constable A 106.) On the 29th of Oct. I was in Hyde-park, near the magazine, which is on the north side of the Serpentine, near Kensington-gardens and the barracks. I saw the prisoner and prosecutor a short distance from me, walking towards Kensington-gardens apparently—when they had passed me fifty or sixty yards, I heard a cry of "Police!" and "Stop thief!"—I immediately ran to the spot, and saw the prisoner running away—I immediately sprang my rattle, and called to the prosecutor to follow—he followed him some distance—I saw the prisoner stopped by Hardwick, my brother officer—I picked the stick up after he was taken, in the direction he had run, and near the spot where he was stopped.

Cross-examined. Q. Did the prisoner say the young man had taken indecent liberties with him? A. Not to me—it was to my brother officer.





THOMAS HARDWICK
 (police-constable A 174.) I was in Hyde-park on the 29th of Oct. I heard a cry and a rattle sprung—I saw nobody, but ran in a direction, towards the cry, and saw the prisoner on the north side of the Serpentine, running away towards the bridge of Kensington-gardens—I overtook him, and desired him to stop, or I should knock him down—he stopped—I asked him what was the matter—he appeared in a state of agitation, and did not speak at all—I sprung my rattle—the prosecutor and my brother officer came up—White said he had been stopped and accosted by the soldier, who demanded his property, and that a handkerchief, some halfpence, and a stick, had been taken from him—that was all he had got, and he had demanded his coat from his back—I picked up a silk handkerchief within three yards of the spot where I stopped the prisoner—on my way to the station, the prosecutor knew me, and called me by my name—I recognized him—the prisoner heard him call me by my name, and desired me to walk alongside him, and not with the prosecutor, as he said he knew the result of these cases, and wished me to walk with him—twenty or thirty yards further on he said "You are known to the prosecutor; I have a good silver watch in my possession, which I will give

you, (there is but three of you,) if you will let me at large, sooner than have the disgrace of the charge you are likely to make against me"—I searched him, and found 6 1/2 d. and a farthing on him, a silver watch, chain, and seals—among the copper was the halfpenny which has been produced.

Cross-examined. Q. That is all that passed? A. It is—I will swear he did not say the prosecutor had been taking indecent liberties with him, not to the best of my knowledge—there was nothing of the sort mentioned—I recognized the prosecutor, when he made himself known to me, by having lodged at his uncle's—I am not generally on that beat—I am very seldom in the park—I had not been there the night before—I was there a fortnight before—I never saw the prosecutor in the park before in my life—his uncle lived in John-street, Golden-square—I had not the least idea of meeting the prosecutor in the park—I left his uncle's in 1842—I think I saw the prosecutor once since that, at Mr. White's, his uncle, when I called, but not since till the present time—I saw his mother at the uncle's three or four months ago—I saw her here, and at Marlborough-street office, with her son—I have spoken to her—she merely asked how I was—I never spoke to her on this affair.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you know of this young man being in the park this night? A. No; nor did I recognize him till he called me by name.

COURT. Q. Had the prisoner passed over the spot where you found the handkerchief? A. Yes, and the stick also—I found the handkerchief directly I stopped the prisoner before I left the spot—I saw them running.





WILLIAM KEMBALL

re-examined. I called to the prosecutor to follow the prisoner—the handkerchief and stick were found near the spot where the prisoner was taken—I picked the stick up before the prosecutor had come up to that spot, and in the direction the prisoner had run—the prosecutor secutor had not got to that spot, he was a few yards distant—the handkerchief was within three or four yards of the stick—the prosecutor had reached that spot before the handkerchief was picked up, but not where the stick was.




GUILTY
.** Aged 28.—


Transported for Fifteen Years
.
