





2378. 




JOSEPH MCLAREN
 and 




JAMES POMEROY BOOBNER



, stealing 1 cash-box, 7 shillings, 10 sovereigns, 10 half-sovereigns, 20 crowns, 48 half-crowns, 100 shillings, 60 sixpences, 30 groats, and 1 5l. bank-note; the property of 



John Darker, in his dwelling-house.


MR. O'BRIEN
conducted the Prosecution.





WILLIAM HARTUP
. On the night of 22nd Sept., between seven and eight o'clock, I went to the Fortune of War public-house, Giltspur-street, and left about half-past three in the morning—there was a large party there; I was not one of them—I was in the bar between two and three in the morning—M'Laren was pot-boy there—about three o'clock I stood with my back leaning against the bar—the two prisoners were there—I heard behind the bar something rattle like money—M'Laren was then on his hands and knees behind the bar—I turned round, and a party had hold of Mrs. Darker's hand, and M'Laren had a kind of box and a bottle in his hand—there was gas in front of the bar—a number of persons stood against the outer-door, and Mrs. Darker was trying to get them out—M'Laren gave the box and bottle to Boobner, who stood close up against the bar door—they all left the house—the prisoners left together—I knew them before.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Where were you? A. I stood with my back against the bar—I was not asleep—they might have seen me—there had been a supper up stairs—Mr. Darker was not up stairs all the evening—he might have had some supper up stairs—some of the persons were tipsy, and Mrs. Darker was desiring them to go out—the bar was not left unattended—I stood in front of the bar from a few minutes past twelve o'clock, till past three in the morning—M'Laren was taken on Saturday night, 23rd—I did not take hold of M'Laren—he was Mr. Darker's servant—I am in his place now—it was his brother that had a supper there that night—I had had two drinks of beer before twelve, and that was all—I had laid down a few minutes past twelve—there was a merry-making up stairs, but that was nothing to do with us that were down—Bill, the ostler, was down with me-his master's gig came; he went with it, and then came back again—he was drunk—I do not know how many people came in the evening, but from a few minutes past twelve, till half-past three, only one female came in, and Bill, the ostler—I did not go home; I had to get up early in the morning to go to work—it was late, and I did not care about going home—they call me "Ginger "—I had no regular employ then—I had been employed with Mr. Swanton, of Newgate-market—I never was in trouble—I was never before a Magistrate—I was at Bow-street because I ran on the pavement—I was in Chaplin and Home's employ; I lost a box, and did not like to pay 13l. for it; they would not have discharged me if I had—I was not charged with taking it—since then I have been employed for the Eastern Counties—I left because I had 190 deliveries to make; I was out till four in the morning—I brought some articles back, and they wanted me to pay 5s., and I would not.





SARAH DARKER
. I am the wife of John Darker. We left the Fortune of War last Saturday; we kept it on 22nd Sept. On the night of 21st Sept., a large supper-party was given there by M'Laren's brother, in consequence of his having a fight; he is a pugilist—I examined my drawer about nine o'clock that evening; the cash-box was safe in it, with about 40l. in it, 5l. note, and gold and silver of every description—the drawer goes a very long way back; it is lower than the bar, it is under the till—a person would have to stoop down to go to it—it fastens with a nut, not a lock, and you have to pull with both hands—no one had any right inside the bar, but my husband, and I, and my children—M'Laren was my pot-boy about ten

weeks—he had no business inside the bar—he used to sleep in the house—on that night, he and Boobner, and two or three more, went out together—M'Laren afterwards asked Mr. Darker to let him go home with his brother—he went out a second time, came back, and went to bed—I went to take the cash box out after the people were gone, and missed it.

Cross-examined. Q. Was Mr. Darker up stairs? A. Yes; he came down again before the cloth was drawn, and never went up again—the party had very little spirits—I or my husband were in the bar from nine o'clock in the morning till twelve at night—M'Laren's brother fell down when they came down, and one or two fell on him—I had not taken any thing that night but what I ordinarily take—one of M'Laren's brothers (not the fighter) and another, a friend of his, remained all night in the club-room where they had the supper; one of them slept on the sofa.





GEORGE TURNER
 (City-policeman, 34). I took the prisoners—I found 3s. 6d. on Boobner.
(Boobner received a good character).

MCLAREN—


GUILTY
. ** Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years
.

BOOBNER—


GUILTY
. Aged 42.—



Confined One Tear
.
