




1287. 




ALBERT BAHN
 was indicted

 for a misdemeanor.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN GEORGE SMITH
. I keep an eating-house in High-street, Wapping. On the 26th of August the prisoner came to lodge at my house—I never knew him before—he represented himself as a ship-chandler, that he had taken a warehouse, and said he should be a permanent lodger for many years, he hoped—he was to pay me 15s. a week for board and lodging—he has not paid me one farthing, and he is my debtor for 75l., as a loan—I had a Spanish certificate from a debtor named Newton, who bad been engaged in the Spanish war—I got another certificate from Mr. Clark, of the Spanish Commission, in exchange for it—the one I got from Mr. Newton was for 27s. 6s. 5d.—it was a transfer similar to one I hold in my hand—I was in September last showing the document to a friend—the prisoner was at my house at the time my friend called—there was something stirring respecting this certificate—he thought there would be some interest likely to be paid—the prisoner said, "Have you got a Spanish bond, Mr. Smith?"—I said, "I have a transfer, or certificate, as they call it"—he said, "I should like to see it"—I said, "I can let you see it"—after my friend was gone I showed it to the prisoner—he said, (giving it me back again,) "If you like I will take it to my banker's to ascertain the value of it for you, as it may be useful to you at any time"—he said Messrs. Coutts in the Strand were his bankers—I told him I did not want money just then, nor want to part with it, but I said, "Whatever you do, do not take any thing on it"—I gave it to him again, and cautioned him not to make any thing on it—I would not take 19s. 11d. in the pound, because it would be paid some day, but he might inquire the day price on it if he liked—he took it, and said he should be going up to his banker's in the course of the day, and he would inquire—he afterwards said that if I liked, if I doubted it, he would give me cash for it—I said, "No, my own document is what I want"—he said, any time I wanted 100l. or 1000l. I should have it, that he had 2000l. standing at his banker's—I was out when he came home—I did not come home till the evening, and did not see him that night—I believed him to be a respectable person—I never asked him for his board and lodging up to that time, but I have latterly—two or three days after I gave him the certificate I said, "Respecting that transfer that I gave you to ascertain the value of, you have not given it me again"—he said, "Oh dear, I did not see my banker, he was not within, but at any time you shall have it"—we were to go to his banker's, but we could not go then—he said, "If you are afraid I will give you the cash"—I said, no, I wanted my own property—he said, "I will go and inquire about it"—(I have never had it since)—I went with him to Coutts's about a month after the transaction—he said he was going up Leadenhetll-street, and asked me to take a walk with him—I went, and he went up and spoke to one of the clerks at Coutts's—I thought it was on business—that made me contented, thinking my document was safe at Coutts's—he was not apprehended on my premises—he was taken on another charge.

Prisoner. Q. Did you give me the certificate, or did your wife hand it over to me? A. I did—I know a gentleman named Miller—I have not seen him in this Court—I never offered him this bond to raise 20l. on—I gave it you to ascertain the value, and bring it me back—I sent my wife to two of my relations to borrow money on my own account—I never intended to raise 20l. on this bond.


COURT. Q. Did you give him this bond, or allow him to have it in, order to raise any money on it? A. No, by no means.

Prisoner. Q. Did you, in presence of your wife, request me to raise money on it, or not? A. No—I have asked you for it a score of times—I did not want 30l. for this, and 20l. more to send over prohibited machinery—I went with you to Calais for a week's recreation—I did not take machinery there—you did not pay my bill to get me out of a bad House there—I did not tell you not to tell my wife—I took 10l. to Francs—you paid one days' expenses, and I the other—I swear that I never offered this Spanish certificate to any one to raise money, and never showed it to any one but you—I solemnly swear I gave you this certificate to ascertain the value of it—I never gave it you for security for 30l.—you did not pay 15l. 10s. 6d. for me—I know nothing about any machinery—I let you have 20l. in gold, because I thought you were a respectable man, and you gave me the keys of his warehouse for security till the deeds were drawn up, with a prospect of going into partnership—I did not give a bond for security of 30l.—I did not tell you to keep it—I never inquired the market price—I trusted you with it, and to this present moment you did not offer it back if I paid you 30l.—you did not offer to give it me back on payment of 8l.—a stranger called on me, and said if I would pay 8l. the certificate should be forthcoming—no one called on me to induce me to bring this present charge.





SAMUEL CLARK
. In April, 1889, I was employed as accountant in Mr. Black's office. I produce, a copy of the original document, which I got by desire of the prosecutor—it is for wages due—they are properly called Spanish certificates—I have heard them called Spanish bonds.





JOHN BLENKINSOP
. I am in the service of Counts and Co., and have been so twenty-six years-storing that time we never had such a name as the prisoner's in our books—we had no account with him in April, or any time—I have examined the books for years.

Prisoner. Q. If a person presented a cheque at your house, it would not take above five minutes? A. That depends on the nature of the cheque.





GEORGE SIMMONDS
. I receive an annuity from government, and live in Richmond-buildings, Soho-square. I have known the prisoner seven or eight months—I met him in the City on the 1st or 2nd of January—he said he had purchased a Spanish bond for 27l.—that he was short of money, and should part with it again—he offered it we for a sum of money, but I do not recollect the amount—I did not purchase it.

Prisoner's Defence. I solemnly declare the bond was given to me as security for the payment of 30l.—the prosecutor stated before the Magistrate that he was not in want of money, and be now says he tent his wife to borrow some.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
