



796. 



THOMAS SPARKES
 was indicted

 for stealing, at 
Lambeth, 2 bags, value 2d.; 11 sovereigns, 20 half-sovereigns, 48 half-crowns, 200 shillings, 120 sixpences, and 6 groats, the property of 



William John Bayfield, in his dwelling-house.






BENJAMIN LOCKWOOD
. Iam in the employ of William John Bayfield, a pawnbroker, No. 73, New Cut, in the parish of St. Mary, Lambeth. The prisoner was in Mr. Bayfield's employ, and left on the 14th of Oct. last—he was in the habit of calling occasionally—on the 22nd of Jan., in the evening Isaw him outside the shop, and went to him—he said, "Is the governor (meaning my master) in the shop?"—Isaid, "No, but be is going out directly and so am I"—Ithen left him, and went in doors—Icounted a quantity of money which amounted to 26l.; 1s. 8d. in silver, 2l.; in copper, and 21l.; 10s. in gold—Itook the silver and gold up stairs—6l.; 1s. 8d. in loose silver Iput into a cash-box—Ialso put 21l.; 10s. in gold into the cash-box, and put it into a bureau in my master's bed-room—there was then 20l.; in silver in two 10l.; bags which Iput in the bureau by the side of the cash-box—Ilocked the cash-box and bureau, put the keys in a drawer in the same room, and then went out—Ihad lost sight of the prisoner all this time—it was about nine o'clock—when Igot a few doors from the house Isaw the prisoner walk into the house—Iwas in the habit of counting the money, and taking it up stairs every night—the prisoner knew that was the practice—he had lived with us eighteen months—Ireturned home about a quarter to ten, and from something which was said to me by the housekeeper about the prisoner having been a long while in the garden, Iwent to see where he was—I

heard the yard door open distinctly, and said to her," Why here he comes"—I went towards the yard door—I found he was not there, and called to him "Tom, are you coming?"—he said, "Yes, directly"—I then went up stairs to the shop, came down again in a few minutes, and found him sitting down having supper in the kitchen with the housekeeper—I had not sat down more than five minutes when he very hurriedly got up, bid us good night very hastily, and I noticed that he seemed to back out of the kitchen, with his face towards me all the while—I saw no more of him—next morning I went up as usual about eight o'clock to get the money—master was out—I found the keys in the drawer where I had deposited them the night before—I unlocked the bureau and missed the two 10l.; bags of silver—I unlocked the cash-box, and found 21l.; in gold gone—I immediately gave information to my employer, told him my suspicions fell on the prisoner, and he gave information to the police—the prisoner, when in our employ, may have taken up the money and put it away when I was out, but he knew perfectly well where the money was kept, and where the keys were deposited.





MARY NICHOLSON
. I am in Mr. Bayfield's service as housekeeper, and have been for thirteen years. I know the prisoner—he was in the habit of calling since he left—on the 22nd of Jan., between nine and ten o'clock, when my master and Lockwood were out, he came down to me in the kitchen and directed a letter for me—he then got up, and went into the yard, as I suppose—Lockwood returned about a quarter of an hour after—he called him, and he came back into the kitchen—he sat down to supper near the door—I asked him to come near the fire—he said, "I had much rather sit herel'—as he sat at supper I noticed that his clothes had like dust and flue on them—next day I looked under my master's bed—the dust and flue collects under the bed, and there was an appearance of its being removed from a space, and a paper fire ornament in a large sheet of newspaper which had been under the bed was removed to another part, as if done in getting under the bed—the keys of the cash-box and bureau were kept in the top drawer in Mr. Bayfield's room.





SARAH DEAN
. I am servant at the Crown, at Croydon. On the 23rd of Jan., at half-past three o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner arrived there in a horse and chaise, which he had put up, came in, and had some bread and cheese—he went out with the horse and chaise, and returned at half-past eight in the evening with his face very much bruised—he slept at the Crown, and next morning after breakfast he had his bill—I saw him lay a handful of sovereigns on the mantel-piece, about twenty—he had a purse with money, which appeared like silver—he left on foot, and said he should return that evening or early next morning, but did not—the policeman Goff fetched the horse and chaise—his face was not at all scratched when at sapper that night.





CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
 (policeman.) On Monday, the 28th of Jan., I apprehended the prisoner at Folkestone—I told him it was for stealing 41l.; from Mr. Bayfield, in the New-cut, on Monday night last—he said, "Bad company has caused this"—I took him into a public-house, searched him, and found on him 6l.; in gold, 12s. 6d. in silver, 5 1/2 d. in copper, a purse, a silver watch and guard, two rings, a union pin, four duplicates, and a cane—as I took him back to town he said he had left a deposit at Mr. Ball's of 10l.;, and he sent a note to Mr. Ball to fetch the chaise home, as he had broken it—I found the chaise broken—he said he had left the horse at the Crown, at Croydon—I found Ball's chaise at Newington-causeway, and the other at Croydon—there were three broken.

Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of the charge; when Lockwood called me he found me where I was supposed to have gone.






BENJAMIN LOCK WOOD

re-examined. I went into the yard—Idid not lee him, but Iheard him in the water-closet—Ihad been oat about three-quarters of an hour—Icalled to him, and he answered me—Iwent close to the door, and am confident he was there then—when Isaw him enter the house he would have to go through the shop, which leads to the staircase—he could go up stairs or down—he must go down to go into the yard—he could go up to the room where the money was, and when he left Nicholson he could pass the yard door and go up, without going into the shop—when he left us he went into the employ of a pawnbroker, in Cable-street, Rosemary-lane, but he had left there at this time.

JURY. Q. Do you know his circumstances before this? A. Yes—Iknow he had not the means of having 1l.;, for be told me he had been on a trial here, and got a guinea, and that was almost gone—he said on Christmas eye that if Ihad a job he should be glad to earn 1s., and Iknow since that he had not been earning 1s.





MARY NICHOLSON

re-examined. He was half an hour in the house before Lockwood came in, and then he was five minutes before be came into the kitchen—he was absent from the kitchen twenty minutes—Idid not observe any flue upon him when he was first in the kitchen, but there was when he came back—when he left he used always to shake hands with us—he did not that night—Iput my band half across to him, but he backed out of the kitchen with his face towards us—when he lived with us he was always near the fire, and this night he sat close to the door, a distance from the fire.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Ten Years.

