



775. 




JOHN SMITH



, stealing 9 sheep, value 18l. 18s.; the goods of 



John French, the younger
. 


MR. PARNELL

conducted the Prosecution.







JOHN PITMAN
 (policeman, K 132). At a quarter before eight at night, on 9th Feb., I saw a cart in the Barking-road, going towards London—the prisoner was with it, and another man—I was on horseback—I asked the prisoner to stop—he said, "What for?"—I said, "To see what you have is the cart"—he said "What the h—is that to you?"—he did not stop—I rode round the cart again, pulled up a sack, and saw some sheep—he said, "Are you satisfied?"—I said, "Yes, that there are some live sheep here"—he said he was going to Newgate-market—I asked him whose sheep they were—he said, "Mr. Scrubbs"—I asked where he lived—he said he did not know—I asked him where he left him—he said, "Somewhere back"—he said he had hired him and his mate to take them to town—the other man ran away—the prisoner jumped off the cart and attempted to run away—I rode after him, and said if he offered to run I would shoot him—I got off my horse and took him—I took the cart to the station; I found five live sheep in it, and one dead one—the prisoner had corded trowsers on, and several places about them were dirty with mould, as if he bad been kneeling down—I took his boots to a cabbage-field belonging to Mr. Adams at Plaistow—one part was enclosed, where I was told the sheep had been—I saw foot-marks—I compared the prisoner's shoes with them, and they corresponded, and then were marks of corded trowsers, as if some one had kneeled down.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE
Q. Do not you know that corded trowsers are very common? A. Yes—the prosecutor was not with me when I went to the field—one of his men, Charles Hayden, was, he is not here—he and my inspector saw me compare the marks—I put the shoes down by the side of the mark that had been made before, and made another mark, and they corresponded exactly—both the heels of his boots were off—I made the examination the following morning; there had not been rain in the night—where I saw the cart was about three miles and a half from Whitechapel, and about four miles from the field—the prisoner was driving.





GEORGE CARR
 (police-sergeant, K 7). I was at the station the night the cart and sheep were brought—I asked the prisoner whose sheep they were—he said, "I do not know; I know nothing about them; I am a labouring man; I was coming from Barking and saw two men, and they said, 'Old fellow, lend us a hand as far as Whitechapel, and I will give you a shilling'—I know nothing more."

Cross-examined. Q. What was done with the sheep? A. They were put in the yard—the man on duty had watch over them—I had the charge over them in our yard till they were shown to Mr. French—they were brought to the station on Friday night, and Mr. French saw them between ten and eleven on Saturday—I had been in bed—there are two gates, which were locked—I knew they were the same sheep by the marks on their backs, and by the marks which Pitman made with a pair of scissors in their right ear.





JOHN FRENCH
, jun. I am a salesman at Plaistow—I rent Mr. Adams's field. On 8th Feb. I had four different lots of sheep in that field—on the Saturday morning I missed twenty-two sheep—I saw foot-marks on the ground—I traced them about half a mile, and then found thirteen of the sheep—the foot-marks were near a bank, and there was some wool on a hedge—there were cart-ruts on the other side of the hedge, as if they had caught the sheep and put them over the hedge—I went to the station, and found five sheep alive and one dead—they were from three different lots—I knew the marks on them—I could swear to them as mine.




GUILTY
 Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.



Before Mr. Justice Cresswell.

