




2407. 




ALFRED NORMAN WILDMAN
 and 



GEORGE PLATT
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
15th of August, at 

St. Pancras, 75 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, 4 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 



Thomas Dunster, in his dwelling-house.






THOMAS DUNSTER
. I deal in ale and spirits, and live in Londonmews, St. Pancras. The prisoner Wildman is my wife's nephew—I had made arrangements for sending him to sea—on the 15th of August I had a cash-box containing seventy-five sovereigns, half-a-sovereign, and 4s. 6d.—about half-past six o'clock on the morning of the 16th, I missed it—it was afterwards brought back to me by my servant—I afterwards saw the two prisoners in custody—I asked Wildman where he got the clothes which he had on—he said he had bought them in Monmouth-street, and likewise a suit for the other boy, and that he had given 10l. for them—I know he had not 10l. of his own to give—he had also a watch and seals worth 3l. or 4l., which he had purchased somewhere—I know nothing of Platt—Wildman used to come now and then to my house—his mother lives close by.





ELLEN DUNSTER
. I am the prosecutor's wife. About three o'clock on the afternoon of the 15th of August, Wildman came to our house—I asked him to drink tea—I had occasion to go up stairs, and left him in the room with the cash-box—next day he was gone, and the cash-box also.





ALFRED SIDEE
. I live in Marchmont-place, Coram-street. On the morning of the 16th of August, I went into Mr. Dunster's stable, and found the cash-box in a bran-tub against the manger, with this chisel—it was broken open.






THOMAS LOCOCK
. I am a constable of Skipton, in Yorkshire. I saw a description in the "Hue and Cry," and went to Cartham, four miles from Skipton—I there saw the two prisoners in bed together—I told Wildman he was charged with stealing seventy-five sovereigns—he made no answer—I told him to get up and let me look at his clothes—I found in them twenty-five sovereigns, a comb, and a knife—I took to a Public-house, and the landlord gave me five sovereigns, which Wildman had paid for a dog—I took them to Skipton, made inquiry, and found he had left a watch at a watchmaker's—I also went to a tailor's at Cartharm, and found a quantity of clothes, which he had ordered.





FRANCIS FRYER
. I am a police-sergeant. I saw the prisoners at the station—Wildman had on a new shooting-jacket, a waistcoat, and trowsers, and Platt had new clothes—I told them they could answer any question or not as they pleased-Wildman said, "God knows what possessed me to do it, for I never gave it a thought, but an hour previous to its being done; it was all done in an hour."—Platt said nothing.

Wildman's Defence. My uncle is mistaken in saying I gave 10l. for the clothes—I gave 9l.—I found the money.

Platt's Defence. I was standing in Tottenham-street, and Wildman came up, and said he had got some money.

WILDMAN—



GUILTY. Aged 18.—Recommended to mercy by the prosecutor
.—


Transported for Ten Years.—Recommended to the Penitentiary.


PLATT—


NOT GUILTY
.
