



379. 




ANN JONES
 was indicted

for stealing 6 half-crowns, the monies of 



George walkley from his person; and that she had been before convicted of felony






GEORGE WALKLEY.
 I am a painter, and live in Buckingham-street, Pimlico. On the 20th of Dec., at two o'clock in the morning, I was coming along the Bayswater-road—I made a false step and fell down—I had drank but very little—I was quite sober and collected—I had changed my umbrella just before in Stanhope-place, and stepping down a higher pavement than I thought it was, I fell—I saw no person near me till the prisoner came up—she took hold of my right hand, put her left hand into my trowser's pocket, and took six half-crowns out—I could not catch her with my right hand, as I had my umbrella, but I caught her with my left hand—another female took hold of her, and pulled her and me across to the park rails—i called "Police!" and when the other female heard the policeman coming she ran away—I still held the prisoner, and the policeman came and took her—the prisoner threw down two half-crowns, and two more were found the next day—I am sure the prisoner put her left hand in my right-hand trowser's pocket, and took the money out—I had not sufficient strength to hold her with my right hand, having the umbrella, but I held her with my left.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. Did you say you held her hand in your pocket with the six half-crowns in it? A. I could not hold her fast enough to keep her hand in my pocket—four of the half-crowns were found on her—she threw down two of my half-crowns when she got to the station—I have nothing to do with what other money she put down—she took six half-crowns out of my pocket, and one marked "R.C.A."—I said before the Magistrate that one was marked with three letters, and I stated what they were.

Q. Did you not swear before the Magistrate, "The Money was what I received for my wages—I noticed there were some letters on one of the half-crowns?" A. Yes, sir, and I swore to the half-crown—it was not at a subsequent time, when the policeman showed it to me, that I said I knew it by the letters "R.C.A." stamped on it—the policeman did not show it me. Q. What I ask you is this, did you not say. "One of the half-crowns produced by the last witness is mine; I know it by the letters 'R.C.A.' stamped on it?" A. When the half-crown was produced to me I knew it, but I was not asked before what letters were on it—I told the policeman that took the prisoner what letters were on it—the Magistrate never asked me such a thing—I had been at work till eleven o'clock at night at Carlton Villa, mending an oval looking-glass frame—I then went to the Marlbrough tavern, and staid there till five minutes before twelve—there were three of us—we had four pints of 8d. ale between us—that was all I drunk—I went into public-house

afterwards—I then went home with one of my shopmates to No. 30; Praed-street—I stood at the door I dare say an hour—I recollect it was a very wet morning, or else I should not have taken an umbrella with me—I did not have anything to drink—I had left my friend, perhaps, ten minutes before I tumbled down—I neither met a man nor a woman, to the best of my knowledge, from the time I left my friend till the prisoner came up to me—I had six half-crowns in my pocket, and the prisoner put her hand into my pocket—I could not hold her sufficiently firm to prevent her taking her hand out of my pocket, and her companion dragged me across to the railing—her companion never touched me, but she assisted the prisoner in pulling me.





THOMAS SAVORY
 (police-constable D 58.) I heard a cry of "Police!"—I went to the rails in Hyde-park, and saw the prosecutor holding the prisoner—I asked him what was the matter—he said the prisoner had robbed him of six half-crowns—I asked the prisoner where the money was—she said she had not got it—I asked the prosecutor if he would give her in charge—he said, "Certainly"—on the way to the station, turning to him, she said, "I had not your b—y money"—I took her to the station—she snatched out two half-crowns, one shilling, two sixpences, a knife, and some coppers, and said, "You shan't search me"—the prosecutor said, when I took her, that there was a half-crown which had got letters on that he would swear to.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you told us all that took place? A. After she got to the station she said she saw him fall, and went to pick him up—she was searched by a female, who produced a halfpenny as all she found on her.

JURY.
Q. Did you see a second female? A. Yes, at a distance from the prisoner.





HUBERT BECK
 (police-constable D 127.). I went to the cell where the prisoner was lying—I desired her to get up, and on the seat I found a half-crown marked "R.C.A."

Cross-examined. Q. What business had you to go to the cell? A. We visit the prisoners—the sergeant was with me—the prisoner said before the Magistrate that this half-crown was not hers, and that she was not at that place.





HENRY SAWYER
 (police-sergeant D 46.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this court—(read—Convicted 24th Nov., 1845, by the name of Ann Hainsworth, and confined three months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY.* Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.

