




1673. 




THOMAS SMITH
 and 




EDWARD READING
 were indicted for

 feloniously and knowingly uttering a counterfeit half-crown to 



Margaret Butler, on the 
18th of April; they having been previously convicted of uttering counterfeit coin.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
ESPINASSE
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Thomas Smith at the Hertford sessions in Jan., 1842—I also produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Edward Reading at this Court at the Jan. sessions, 1838—I have examined both with the original records, and they are true copies—(read.)





WILLIAM FARRELL
. I am a schoolmaster, and live at Wynford, in Hert-fordshire. In 1842 I was in the Rural Police—I know the prisoner Smith—I was present in Court, at Hertford, when he was tried for uttering a counterfeit shilling—he was convicted, and came out of gaol in Jan. last year.





JAMES BROOK
 (police-constable L 118.) In Jan., 1838, I was present in this Court when Reading was tried and convicted of uttering counterfeit coin.





JAMES FLEMING
. I am in the general line, and live at Greenwich. On the evening of the 18th of April I was at my stall, between seven and eight o'clock—the prisoner Smith came and asked for a penny polony and a penny cake, and gave me a shilling—I gave it to my wife, who was with me—she gave him change, and he went away.

Smith. Q. What sort of a shilling was it, a new or old one? A. It was not a new one exactly; it was a dirty looking one.





SARAH ANN FLEMING
. I am the wife of James Fleming. On the evening of the 18th of April he sold a cake and a polony to a man, and gave me the shilling he received in payment—I gave change for it, and put it into my pocket—I had some sixpences there, but no other shilling, I am sure—about an hour after I went to give change again, and found it was a bad one—I had no other shilling—I gave it to the officer next morning—I am sure it was the same shilling I had received from my husband.

Smith. Q. Who did you give the change to? A. I did not take particular notice who it was.





RICHARD FOLKES
 (police-constable R 203.) I was on duty in the neighbourhood of Greenwich on Tuesday evening, the 18th of April, about six o'clock—I saw the prisoners in Stockwell-street, Greenwich, in company with a female, loitering about, from half to three-quarters of an hour—it was fair time—I saw them go towards Straits-mouth, which is near Fleming's stall—I saw no more of them that day—next morning Fleming came to me, told me something, and gave me a shilling, which I produce—I believe he marked it before he gave it me.





MARGARET BUTLER
. I keep the Painter's Arms public-house, Strait's-mouth, Greenwich. On the evening of the 18th of April the prisoners came to my house together—I served Smith with a pint of ale—Reading was with him at the time—Smith gave me a half-crown in payment—I immediately observed that it was a bad one—I marked it, and put it on the shelf-I told Smith it was a bad one, and I should not return it to him—he said nothing, but immediately gave me a good one—both of the prisoners partook of the ale—Reading said he did not think I was any good myself—after they drank the ale they left the house—I sent Wilson, my waiter, after them—I afterwards gave the half-crown to the policeman.

Smith. I was not aware it was bad; I did not wish to have it returned, but to have it put into the fire. Witness. He did not ask me to return it, or to put it into the fire—he did not say a word about it.


COURT. Q. Did either of them say anything after you refused to return the half-crown? A. Reading used many insulting words, but I cannot say what they were, for I went immediately to look after my waiter, and when I came down they were gone.





JAMES WILSON
. I am waiter to Mrs. Butler. On the 18th of April, in consequence of directions from my mistress, I went after the prisoners—they walked away from our house—I saw them at the Earl Grey, at the corner of Skelton's-lane, about a hundred yards from my mistress's house—they were going into the house—they saw me following them, and turned round, and Smith said, "Are you following me, Sir?"—I said, "Never mind, you must mind what you are about"—the police came up, and I gave them into custody—they were both in the attitude of fighting me when I turned round.

Smith. He said at Greenwich that it was Reading that spoke to him. Witness. It was Smith.





SAMUEL ARCHER
 (police-constable R 54.) I was on duty near the Earl Grey beer-house on the night of the 18th of April, and received the prisoners in custody from Wilson—I took them to Mrs. Butler's, and received from her this half-crown, which I produce—I found 2s. 5d. on Smith, good money, and 4d. on Reading—Reading was taken sick in the station—we took him out into the air, and he spat 3s. 6d. in good money out of his mouth into the yard—he appeared to bring it up from his stomach—Smith said that his character was well known, that he was not a character anybody knew any harm about.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of counterfeit coin to the Mint. I have examined this half-crown and shilling—they are both counterfeit in all respects.

Smith's Defence. Fleming states that he cannot tell whether it was an old or a new shilling; he gave it to his wife; she said at first she had it four hours, and now she says it was hardly an hour before she had occasion to go to her pocket to give change; she cannot say it was me gave the half-crown, and it is very strange that she should not know who it was, and he should; the truth of it is the policeman made a search about for some bad money; he found this half-crown, and has persuaded Fleming to say it was me that gave it him; I know nothing about it; I was very tipsy when I went to Mrs. Butler's; I did not wish her to return the half-crown, but gave her another; I have worked hard for my living since I have been out of prison.

Reading's Defence. I have been at work for these eighteen months; it was fair time, and I was very tipsy.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

REDDING—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.





Transported for Ten years.


Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

