




2915. 




TIMOTHY BRIEN
 and 




WILLIAM JACKSON
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
1Oth of October, 4 cushions, value 1l., the goods of 



John Howe Johnson; and that Jackson had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN HOWE JOHNSON
. I am a mourning-coach master, living in Black Horse-yard, St. James's. About eight o'clock on the 10th of October, I saw one of my coaches drawn into my yard—the gates were closed—I was walking towards them, and saw two persons together in a corner—I spoke to them, they got up, opened the gates, and one ran one way and one another—I followed the one that ran to the left, and immediately saw him taken—it was Brien—as I went out I saw three cushions in a sack—they had come out of my coach—the sack did not belong to me—the cushions had no right to be on the ground.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You did not take anybody? A. No—my men were at the top of the yard putting my horses in—the gate has a little inner door that opens—I am not aware that the corner is sometimes improperly used.

Jackson. Q. Did you see me in the yard? A. I saw two persons—I cannot swear to you.





THOMAS WESTON
. I am coachman in the prosecutor's employ. I returned with the coach about ten minutes before 'eight o'clock—I brought these cushions in the coach—I was taking the horses into the stable.

Cross-examined. Q. How many persons were in the yard besides you? A. Two—they are not here—they were at the upper part of the yard—I bad not left the coach doors open—I was absent about a quarter of an hour—I took my horses up the yard—the other two men were with me.





WILLIAM RUSSELL
 (police-constable C 113.) About ten minutes past eight o'clock I was on duty in Titchbourn-street—I saw Jackson standing outside the prosecutor's gates—I watched, and saw Brien come outand join bim,—they were in conversation—Jackson then went into the yard—he came out, and then they went into a public-house—they then went into the yard, were in a few minutes, and came running out—I followed Jackson and took him.





JOSEPH MOUNT
 (police-constable C115.) I have heard what Russell has said—it is true.

Jackson's Defence. I met two females; I stood talking to them; I gave them something to drink; I came out and went into the yard; I turned round, and was buttoning up; a man called out; when I got across the road the policeman took me.





ALEXANDER FRAZER
. I produce a certificate of Jackson's former conviction,

which I got from Mr. Gilbee's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.

BRIEN—

GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Confined Six Months.


JACKSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
