



276. 




ALEXANDER WILSON
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of, 



Moss Joseph, about four o'clock in the night of the 
6th of Dec., at 
Lambeth, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 watch, value 16s., his property.






ESTHER BLITZ
. I am single, and live with my sister and her husband, Moss Joseph, at N Q. 153, Waterloo-road. On the 5th of Dec., between twelve and one o'clock in the night, I noticed that the street door was locked and bolted—I had previously bolted the kitchen door—it is a bolt that goes up—I sleep in the kitchen—about three o'clock in the morning I got up, and lighted a match to see what time it was—I took up the watch off the bedstead to see what time it was, and put it down again—about four o'clock I was alarmed by the policeman, who had the prisoner in his custody in the house—I found the watch in the parlour, where there had been a struggle between the policeman and the prisoner—there was a chest of drawers there, and the watch was dropped by the corner of the drawers—three of the drawers had been pulled open—the kitchen door was open—it opens into a yard which adjoins that of Zion chapel.

Prisoner. She tells a lie about my opening the drawers; I did not move any drawer.





DAVID FENTON
 (police-constable L 16.) The prosecutor's house is in the parish of Lambeth—I was on duty in the Waterloo-road n Friday morning, the 6th of Dec.—about five minutes past four o'clock heard a noise inside the prosecutor's house—I listened for some time, and heard the bolts move, also the chain and lock undone—the door was then partially opened—I rushed in—the door was pushed against me—I worked my knee in just inside the door, and got the prisoner behind the door—we caught hold of one another, and fell against the glass, and broke it—he got into the parlour—I laid hold of him there, and we struggled—he got from me again, and I sprang my rattle—two policemen came in, and he was secured in the parlour at the back of the shop—I saw no watch there—it was all in darkness—it was picked up while I was engaged with the prisoner—I found some lucifer matches on the prisoner, and a brad-awl, a chisel, and gimlet, were taken out of his hand by another constable in my presence—on the way to the station he contrived to get this auger out of his pocket—he had it in his right hand, and the constable snatched it

backwards out of his hand in my presence—I found some impressions of a chisel over the back kitchen door—the bolt of that door will drop down by pulling the door towards you—I have tried it since in Mr. Joseph's presence, and that was how the entrance had been effected—that door opens into a yard which adjoins Zion chapel-yard—there is a wall seven feet high, which he must have got over.

Prisoner. The policeman says I used violence in opening the door, and that there were marks of the chisel; I used no violence, I can take my oath of that.





ESTHER BLITZ

re-examined. I saw the watch at the corner of the drawers—the policeman was by the side of me—I said, "Oh dear, the watch is lying down there," and lie picked it up—it is a metal watch belonging to Mr. Joseph, which I always had at night—it is the same that I looked at in the night—it had been removed from the place where I had it into another room, and was found on the floor.

Prisoner's Defence. I own I was caught in the parlour, but as for the watch I know no more about it than you do; I have been in great distress for the last eight or nine months.




GUILTY
.* Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years
.
