





2180. 



THOMAS SAUL
 and 



RICHARD BAILEY



, stealing 180 rabbit-skins, value 2l. 5s.; the goods of 



Johan Heinrich Heckmann; both having been before convicted.






JOHN' NEIDERMAN
. I am a fur skin-dresser, of Whitechapel. On 2nd Sept. I received twelve dozen rabbit-skins to flesh from "Wilhelmig, Mr. Heckmann's foreman—I took them to my sister's, 4, Cross-street, Brick-lane, and began to work on them with my sister—I left them in the shed, in the yard, with other skins—there was no door to the shed—I missed fifteen or sixteen dozen skins next day—they were all Mr. Heck nann's—I gave information, went to Petticoat-lane, and saw Saul and a person with him—they ran away—I ran after Saul, but could not catch him—I saw a bundle on the ground, but do not know who dropped it—I afterwards saw him at 5, Thrall-street—he said, "How about those skins?"—I said, "How about them? I want my work back"—he said he knew nothing about them—I said I knew better, for he was the man I followed, and if he did not bring them back, I should give him in charge—we found twelve dozen and eleven rabbit-skins in the bundle—I can swear to this one (produced)—I cut it—it is one of those I lost from the shed.

Cross-examined by
MR. BRIARLY.Q. Had you ever seen Saul before? A. No—I am sure of him.





WILLIAM MOLLERHAUSEN
. I am a flesher. I work for Neiderman—on 2nd Sept., between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, I took nine dozen and eleven skins to the shed—I afterwards missed them.





GEORGE NEIDERMAN
. I am a skin-dresser, of Thrall-street, Spitalfields. On Sunday morning, 3rd Sept., about ten o'clock, I saw the prisoners in Petticoat-lane—Bailey had a bundle under his arm—I did not know him—he looked at me, dropped it, and ran away—I ran after him a little way, and picked up the bundle—it was three rabbit-skins—I met Saul in Princes-street about half-past twelve—I asked him for the skins—he said he knew nothing of them—I knew him before, but will not swear it was him I saw with Bailey.





JULIA ISAACS
. My husband is a furrier, of Petticoat-lane. On 3rd Sept., about ten o'clock, Bailey came and asked if I would buy some skins—I said, "Yes"—he asked what I would give a dozen, and showed me one from his pocket—I said I could not tell till I saw them all—he said he bad twelve or thirteen dozen, and would go and fetch them—he left, and Neiderman came—I saw Bailey in the street, coming towards the house with some rabbit-skins in a bundle—Saul was walking by his side—he saw Neiderman, dropped the bundle, and ran away—I saw one of the Neidermans pick it up.

Cross-examined. Did you see what was in it? A. Some skins.





JOSEPH WILHELMIG
—I am foreman to Johan Heinrich Heckmann. On 2nd Sept. I gave John Neiderman twelve dozen rabbit-skins—I know two of these skins produced to be Mr. Heckmann's.





GEORGE KING
 (policeman). At two o'clock on Sunday afternoon Saul was given into my charge—Bailey said at the Police-office he should have known nothing of it if it had not been for Saul—Saul said that Bailey knew nothing of the stealing.





ROBERT GIFFORD
 (policeman). I took Bailey—he said he knew nothing about it.





PATRICK MADDEN
 (policeman). I produce a certificate—(read—Thomas Saul convicted Dec, 1846, and confined six months)—Saul is the man.





JAMES EVES
 (policeman). I produce a certificate of Bailey's conviction (read—Convicted Jan., 1847, and confined one year)—I was present—he is the man.




GUILTY
.—Both 



Transported for Seven Years.

