




1228. 



KEZIAH EDWARDS
 and 



DANIEL SULLIVAN



 were indicted
for stealing 1 half-crown, 14 shillings, and 6 sixpences, the monies of John Rogers, from his person.







JOHN ROGERS
. I keep a beer-shop in Red Cross-street. I had a booth at Wandsworth Fair—on the evening of the 13th of May, about ten o'clock* both the prisoners were in my booth—Sullivan asked me for a pint of beer, which he paid for—he had had four pints in the day, which he had not paid for—I gave him some meat, and Edwards some bread and cheese—she said she was Sullivan's cousin, and where he went she would go, but the would rather he would stay there, as he was tipsy, which he did—at eleven o'clock the officers came round and turned all out—the prisoners came in again about twelve, and Sullivan laid on a place about eight feet from me—Edwards said she would sit up all night—I then went to sleep on my left side, having in my watch-pocket 25s. in silver, amongst which was a new half-crown and a remarkable sixpence—about half-past six o'clock the policeman came and awoke me, to let him have a pint of beer—I got up and drew it—I laid down again, and when I awoke again I found part of my money was gone, and Sullivan was gone—he was there when I went to sleep, after serving the policeman—Edwards was in the booth—I taxed her with it—she said she knew nothing about it, but after a good while she said it might be Sullivan, for she had found the blade of a razor, and he had said to her, "Give me that, and I am off"—6s. 6d. was afterwards found on Sullivan in my presence—among it was a new half-crown, which was similar to the one I had had in my pocket, and this sixpence now produced, which I can swear to.





WILLIAM STONE
 (police-constable V 237.) I searched Edwards—I found nothing on her but a halfpenny, a knife, and fork.





GEORGE GRIFFITHS
, (police-constable M 126.) I apprehended Sullivan in the course of the day, in a public-house—I found 6s. 6d. on him, and this half-crown and this sixpence amongst it.





SULLIVAN'S DEFENCE
. I was drinking all night, and knew nothing about it; I laid down, and in the morning I was called to go to London; I was at work the day before, and earned half-a-crown, and the day before 3s.

Edwards's Defence. I went and had tome bread and cheese; I know nothing about this man.

EDWARDS—


NOT GUILTY
.

SULLIVAN—


GUILTY
.**—


Transported for Ten Years.

