





918. 




WILLIAM WATSON
 and 




JAMES CANFIELD



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



George Thompson, and stealing 1 clock, value 15
s.; his goods. MR. BRIARLY
conducted the Prosecution,





GEORGE THOMPSON
. I am a clock-maker and boot-closer at 10, Lower Whitecross-street, in the parish of St. Giles Without, Cripplegate. On 3d April I went to bed at twenty minutes to one—I only occupy the shop and parlour—my part of the house was safe—I got up at quarter to seven—my wife was up before me—she is not here—I (found the outer door as usual, it must have been entered by a false, key, I missed a clock worth fifteen shillings, and some legs worth ten shillings—this is the clock (produced,)





JAMES SMITH
. I work for Mr. Thompson. On 3d April, I went to the house about quarter-past seven—my mistress unlocked the door for me—I missed three boot-legs which were safe at eight the night before.





HENRY NORTON
. I am a marine store dealer of 66, Milton-street, Cripple-gate. On 3d April, at quarter to seven, Watson came and asked me to buy a clock, that he knew a party who had one to sell—I said, "No"—Canfield stood about 200 yards off with a bundle under his arm.

Canfield. Q. You said at Guildhall you could not swear to me? A. No, but I think it was you—I knew you both by sight.





JAMES WRIGHT
. I am a carpenter of Phillips-court, Milton-street. On Tuesday morning, 3d April, Watson brought this clock and wanted 4s. on it—I took it to my master—he said it was not worth it, and gave 2s. 6d. for it, which I gave to Watson, Canfield was with him—I gave it up to the prosecutor next morning—this is it.





ROBERT PACKMAN
 (City policeman, 133). On 4th April I went to Canfield's lodging, 4 Sun-court, Milton-street—he was taken, and had given that address—I found this key there, which opens Mr. Thompson's door with the greatest ease.

WATSON—


GUILTY
.*—Aged 23.




Transported for Ten Years.


CANFIELD—


GUILTY
.*—Aged 18.) 


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Baron Piatt.

