



2491. 




CHARLES FRANK COMBE
 was indicted

 for a robbery on 




Charles Soper, putting him in fear, and stealing from his person, and against his will, 2 sovereigns, his moneys, and beating, striking, and using other personal violence to him.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES SOPER.
 I am clerk to Mr. Knapp, a barrister, and live at No. 1, Walcot-square, Lambeth. On Saturday night, the 9th of Oct., I was at the Cornwall Arms, Cornwall-road, and saw the prisoner there—I asked if he would go of an errand for me to Princes-street—he went, and returned in twenty minutes—there were several persons there besides the prisoner, but he was drinking with two in particular—I had to change half-a-sovereign for the purpose of his going on the errand—he saw me do that—I paid for two pints of ale, which he drank the best part of—I gave him 6d. for going on the errand—he said I had given the landlord a sovereign instead of a half-sovereign, and told me to look—I put my hand into my pocket, found my

money all right, and said, "No"—I had about 2l. 10s., and a few halfpence—that was at about eight o'clock—I had gone there purposely to meet a friend—I left the house about a quarter to nine, or nine o'clock, and went towards my friend's house, where I had sent the prisoner with the message—(he had returned with word that he would be at home in an hour, and that was my object in waiting at the public-house)—as I was going along I put my hand in my pocket, to see that I had my cash all right, and I put my gold in one pocket, and my silver in the other—it was all right—I went to my friend's house, stood talking there five or ten minutes, and then went towards Broadwall and St. Saviour's workhouse, in a direct line to my own home—it rained very fast—the prisoner came up to me close by St. Saviour's workhouse—he was alone—he walked by my side, and thinking he was one of Mr. Maudslay's men, I introduced the subject of the late fire—I am positive it was the prisoner—he hit me in the mouth with his fist, thrust, his hand into my pocket, and tripped me up, by putting his leg between mine—whether he took my money while I was falling or not I do not know, but my gold was gone directly I got up, and my pocket turned inside out—when I got up I saw the prisoner running under the lamp—I called out, "Stop thief!" as well as I could, but I had not much breath in my body—I had never been to this public-house but once before, and that was with my friend.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY.
Q. Who was this friend? A. Mr. Edgcombe, the owner of the house—I had left chambers at four o'clock—I had been drinking—I had paid for four pints of pale ale between four and seven o'clock—I had no spirits—I had a pint of half-and-half, with some bread and cheese—I have a perfect recollection of everything that took place—I was quite sober when the prisoner knocked me down—I had nothing but the two pints of ale in the Cornwall Arms, and the prisoner drank nearly the whole of that—I was there about three quarters of an hour, or an hour altogether—I was not drinking with any one but the prisoner, neither did I speak to any person—the landlord turned the prisoner out of the parlour—I had not invited him in—he followed me in and sat by my side, and the landlord requested him to go out—I had never seen him before—he followed me from the Cornwall Arms—I cannot say I was sober—I was certainly not drunk—I was sober when he knocked me down—it sobered me—the perspiration ran from me—this occurred not a quarter of a mile from my friend's house—I had not been talking twenty minutes there—I was talking to Sarah Blake at my friend's house for about the minutes—she was no friend of mine—I had never seen her before—I walked from the Cornwall Arms to Princes-street.

MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. You sent a man with a message whom you say was the prisoner? A. Yes—I am sure it was the person I sent with the message that knocked me down—I saw him by the light at St. Saviour's workhouse.





JOHN PRETTY.
 I am landlord of the Cornwall Arms. On Saturday, the 9th of Oct., Soper was at my house eight o'clock—I saw the prisoner there—I had seen him several times before, and am confident he is the man—I saw Soper send him on a message to Mr. Edgcombe, and saw him return—Soper went into the parlour, and the prisoner followed him—I followed them into the parlour, not thinking that the prisoner was properly dressed for my parlour.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose parlour is frequented by respectable

tradesmen? A. Yes, and I did not think him fit company—he did not go in by Soper's invitation, he followed him in—Soper had two pints of six-penny ale—I ordered the prisoner out of the parlour—he asked Soper to come with him, and he followed him out of the parlour—Soper was the worse for liquor—they both left my house in company together.

MR. BALLANTINE.
Q. Did Soper appear to be drunk? A. Not at all—I consider he was quite capable of taking care of himself—a gentleman came with him in a cab to my house, and they had four pints of ale between them.





SARAH BLAKE.
 I am a monthly nurse—Mr. Soper sent me a message by a young man—the prisoner is the person—I have no doubt about him.

Cross-examined. Q. Did Soper afterwards come himself? A. Yes—he first came in a cab with a gentleman, and about a quarter of an hour afterwards he came again—he was the worse for liquor when he first came, he was not so bad the second time.





JOHN HERRINGTON.
 I am a furrier. On this Saturday night I heard a cry of "Stop thief!" and saw somebody running away—I could not swear to the person—I cannot say whether it was the prisoner or not—the person had on a cap a velveteen coat, and was about five feet four in height.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you not say he was a stout man? A. No, I said he was neither stout nor thin—I did not see his face.





WILLIAM ROMAIN
 (policeman, L 38.) I took the prisoner into custody—he was in bed—I told him it was on suspicion of knocking a gentleman down, and robbing him on Saturday night, the 9th of Oct.—he denied the charge—he admitted that he was in company with a gentleman at the Corn-wall Arms, and that he had accompanied him into Princes-street, Stamford-street, but denied that he was the person that knocked him down.

Cross-examined. Q. What time did you take him? A. Between two and three in the morning, at his own lodging.





JOHN PRETTY

re-examined. The prisoner was dressed in a cap and velveteen coat when at my house.
(Elijah Harvey, floorcloth beater, Lambeth, and William Kay, stater, 6, Upper Marsh-street, Lambeth, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

