



964. 




ESTHER HAWKINS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of February, at 



St. Leonard, Shoreditch, 1 trunk, value 2s.; 1 cloak, value 1l.; 6 pairs of stockings, value 5s.; 3 gowns, value 1l. 4s.; 1 bonnet, value 15s.; 3 aprons, value 3s.; 1 shift, value 1s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 2s. 6d.; 1 petticoat, value 1s.; 1 bed-gown, value 1s. 6d.; 4 yards of linen cloth, value 4s.; 33 yards of lace, value 4s.; 2 caps, value 2s. 6d.; 2 shawls, value 7s.; two printed books, value 7s.; 1 pencil case, value 1s. 6d.; 1 brush, value 6d.; 2 sovereigns, 2 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the property of 



Catherine Mountjoy, her mistress, in her dwelling-house.






CATHERINE MOUNTJOY
. I am a widow, and live in Newton-street, New North-road, Shoreditch—it is my dwelling-house—I carry on the straw business—the prisoner was in my service—I left her on a Sunday evening at home while I went to chapel, and when I returned she had absconded—I don't know the date—I found there was no light, and I was much alarmed—my lodger opened the door to me—I then missed this trunk, the cloak, and the other articles stated—(examining them)—they are mine, and are worth more than 5l.—I gave notice at the station-house, and the prisoner was afterwards taken into custody.





MARY LAWRENCE
. I live in Brick-lane, Bethnal-green—the prisoner had lodged with me—about nine o'clock at night, on Sunday, the 23rd of February, she brought two boxes to my house—this trunk (looking at it) is one—she had her mistress's gown and bonnet and cloak on at the time—she said her mistress was gone to Ramsgate to meet the Rev. Mr. Creswell, and

she was to follow her on the Monday, and her mistress had lent her the cloak to keep her warm—I went the next morning and took the boxes to the wharf, but there was no packet went that morning—I afterwards went to her mistress, gave information, and she was taken.





HENRY WILLIAM DUBOIS
 (police-sergeant N 14.) I went after the prisoner from information, and found her at Stratford—I asked her for her purse, she gave it me, and there was only 5s. in it—I asked her where the two sovereigns were—she did not answer—I found in her purse this ticket of the wharf—I went there and found this trunk containing the property—she had this bonnet and cloak on at the time—she said she was persuaded to commit the robbery by her father, that he was in the house and assisted her to break the cupboard open, and that he was then at Dover—I found on the trunk this direction, "Miss Hawkins, passenger to Ramsgate"—she afterwards told me she had spent the money in buying a number of things which I have here.




GUILTY. Aged 20.—Of Stealing under the value of 5l.—Recommended to mercy.
—


Transported for Seven Years.—


Recommended to be confined One Year in the Penitentiary.
