



1252. 




PAUL WILLIAMS
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Edward Robbins, about the hour of three in the night of the 
22nd of May, at 
St. Dunstan, Stepney, and stealing 7 knives, value 2s.; 10 forks, 2s.; 1 knife-tray, 6d.; 1 spoon, 3d.; and 1 brush, 1s.; his property.






EDWARD ROBBINS
. I am a tailor, and live at No. 4, Rose-lane, Ratcliff, in the parish of Stepney. I have a saw-pit about ten or twelve yards from the side of my house, in a wheelwright's yard—on Friday, the 22nd of May, about a quarter after eleven, I went to bed—I think I was the last person up—I fastened the kitchen door—I swear it was fastened—my son got up first next morning—he is not here—when I got up the house was opened—I did not notice the kitchen window till we found we had been robbed—it was then unfastened—there was a broken square of glass the day before—a small wash-tub was moved, and placed under the window outside—a person could then put their hand in and undo the fastening—I missed the articles stated in the indictment—these now produced belong to me.

Prisoner. The window was open at half-past one in the morning, and

there stood the knife-box on the dresser—the policeman saw me about four o'clock in the morning.





ELIZABETH FULLER
. I am Mr. Robbins's mother-in-law. About nine o'clock on Friday night I placed these things in the kitchen—I missed them on Saturday morning—I got up about four o'clock to call my grandson, but did not go into the kitchen then—I cannot say I was the first person in the kitchen—when I went in I saw the braas footman taken from its place and put by the window—I had put the things the night before on the plate-shelf jo the kitchen—nobody could put a hand in at the window, and take them, but they must come in—I know these things to be the prosecutor's property.

Prisoner. Q. Was the window fastened or open? A. It has never been opened for twelve months—the door was fastened—there was a pane of glass broken—the wash-tub had been placed to get to that, to put a hand in to unfasten it—the window was shut again afterwards—it opens like a door.





JAMBS WOODHURST
 ( policeman.) A little before six o'clock on this morning I saw the prisoner lying in a saw-pit, about ten yards from the pro* secutor's house—I told him to get up and come out of there—he said he was very tired and had laid himself down to rest—I saw him take out a canvas bag from a hole in the saw-pit—I allowed him to depart, as he told me a correct story—I heard of the robbery, and apprehended him on the following day—I kept the articles which I took from him, and he produced them here.

Prisoner. I told you the things were mine; you took them from me, and said, "Go about your business."




GUILTY of Stealing only. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years
,
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)

Before Mr. Baron Rolfe.

