




2610. 




ARTHUR COLEMAN
 and 




WILLIAM SMITH
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Blundell, about the hour of two in the night of the 
18th of August, at 
St. Leonard, Shoreditch, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 4 spoons, value 8s.; 2 half-sovereigns, 40 shillings, 60 sixpences, 60 groats, 42 pence, 96 half-pence, and 24 farthings, his property.






WILLIAM BLUNDELL
. I am a green-grocer, and live in East-road. On the 16th of August the prisoner Coleman, who had been in my employment about ten days, left—(he was also with me about nine years ago)—he was in ray employ several times—he never slept in the house, but had access all over it—on the night of the 18th of August I was the last person up—my family consists of myself, wife, and child—I shut up all the doors and windows quite secure when I went to bed—about four o'clock in the morning I was disturbed by the policeman—I got up, and discovered my house had been entered—I found the parlour window had been opened by a bradawl being passed up between the two sashes, and the catch pushed back—the outside shutters, which were rather decayed, were opened also—the window opens into the back-yard which leads into Park-street—I found the bureau in the parlour forced open by an oyster knife which had been in the shop, and was left on the parlour table—between 4l. and 5l. in gold and silver was taken from the bureau, which had a very secure lock—about 8s. in copper was taken from the shop till, and the till was left on a dunghill behind—four silver spoons were taken—I found the bradawl in the room—it had been in a shed in a tool chest the night before—we always kept it there—Coleman knew that, and he used it a few days before—the till and bradawl are in the possession of the police.





EDWARD TOMLINSON
. I live in Park-street, East-road, Hoxton, in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, twelve or fifteen feet from the prosecutor's back-door. On the morning of the 19th of August, from half-past one till half-past four, except for five minutes, I was looking out of the window opposite Blundell's back-yard—I saw Coleman going in and out of the back-yard repeatedly, from half-past two till half-past three—I could not tell what he was about—I knew he was Blundell's servant—I did not have suspicion till two o'clock, or a little after, when I saw him come out with a bundle under his right arm—he went to Smith who was watching up the street—they joined, and came into East-road, into the City-road, and returned in about ten minutes, and took up their station again—Coleman sculked down by the side of the wall, and went in at the yard gate—I saw no more for an hour, or an hour and a half—he was in there all the while, and about half-past three I saw a man come out—Coleman followed close at his heels in a very hurried manner—Smith had gone just before, and peeped in at the door, and said, "It is all right."—I heard that—Coleman and the man went away—Smith remained in the East-road a short time, and I suppose went away—I waited with my shirt on till I saw the policeman come round—I told him to examine the premises—he pushed the door open.

Smith. Q. Can you swear to me? A. I have seen you repeatedly before, at the end of the street, playing with other boys, and to the best of my belief you are the boy—in fact I have no doubt of you.





THOMAS ZINZAN
. I am a policeman. On the morning of the 19th of August I was on duty in Park-street, Shoreditch—my attention was

directed by Tomlinson to Mr. Blundell's house—I examined it, and found the window open—I called the prosecutor up—I found the till empty on a dunghill in the yard, and an awl on the window-cill—I had tried the gate at one o'clock—it was perfectly safe then—about half-past two I saw the prisoner Smith at the corner of Park-street, very near the prosecutor's house and spoke to him concerning a rattle springing at another part, which I supposed was to take me away—I went away in consequence of what I heard, and was away till I saw Tomlinson.

Smith. I saw him, ran up to him, and said there was a rattle springing at the corner of East-road, and I ran with him to show him where it was—I stopped there full ten minutes by his desire. Witness. He was standing at the corner of Park-street—I ran towards him, hearing the rattle springing, and he immediately ran away—he went with me about 200 yards towards the place, and then turned back—I saw he was watching me, and had strong suspicions of him—I returned afterwards, and saw him go in a direction for Blundell's house.





LOUISA SALOMON
. I live in Francis-street, Old-street-road. I know the prisoners—I know Smith only by being in company with Coleman—I have only seen him in his company—on the 19th of August I saw then together from half-past one to two o'clock in the afternoon—I was talking to a neighbour opposite my place, and saw them together—I asked Coleman what brought him down there—he said he had come down there, as he had given a young man some spoons to put away for him—a little boy was there—Smith said nothing for some time—he then said, "You had better send the boy away, or else we may be found out"—Coleman showed me a handful of silver—I asked how he came by it—he said he had entered the place of Mr. Blundell.

Coleman. I think she knows a good deal more about it than I do.

Smith. Q. Had I any thing about me? A. No.





WILLIAM HORSNELL
. I am a policeman. On the 20th of August apprehended Coleman—I told him it was for committing a burglary at his master's, Mr. Blundell's—he said he did not know Mr. Blundell, and did not know any thing about the robbery—I asked what he had done with the money—I neither threatened nor promised him—I cautioned him, told him he need not tell any thing unless he liked, and it might be produced in evidence against him—he said they parted the money, and the other one had the spoons—that was the next thing he said after saying he knew nothing of the robbery.

Coleman. I did not say any thing about the robbery. Witness. I. am quite sure he did—he also named the other person.

Smith's Defence. All I know of this lad is, he used to sell baked potatoes in the City-road; and one day as I was going along, he asked me to come to the play with him; I said I had no money; he said, "I will treat you;" I asked where he got the money; he said his brother had paid him 3l.; he treated me to Sadler's Wells, and on Friday morning I was taken into custody, but I know nothing about it.

COLEMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

SMITH-

GUILTY
. Aged 18.




Transported for ten years.

Third Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

