



700. 




CHARLES GOODEY
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 timepiece, value 4l., the goods of 



James Chapman; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES CHAPMAN
. I am a clock-maker, and live in Pennington-street, St. George's. The prisoner worked with me for eighteen months—I met him one day in Old-street—he asked if I was working at the same place—I said yes, and I had been to get some stuff for a time-piece—he said he wished I would let Mr. Walker have it, as he had given him an order for one, and he would gife me 4l. for it, and would give him 5s.—I got the time-piece done by the 10th of July, and the prisoner came to meet me to take it to Mr. Walker's—he carried it part of the way, and I carried it part—in Princes-street he said, "You had better let me take it to Walker's"—I gave it him and saw him go in—I did not see him afterwards—I could not find him again.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did he give you any money? A. No—we went to another shop, beside Mr. Walker's—he took it into one shop in Fleet-street, to see what they would give him for it—I waited just by the side of Mr. Walker's door, and then I went in to Mr. Walker's—I did not see the prisoner come out.





JOHN WALKER
. I do not know the prisoner at all—I never gave him an order.





WILIIAM JAMES MATTHEWS
. I an a clock-manufacturer—this time-piece was left with me by the prisoner, in the early part of Aug.—I cannot say positively the time.


Cross-examined. Q. What for? A. He had met with an accident and broke the glass—he asked me to get a new one put in, hut I detained it as he owed me some money—he applied for it several times, but I never saw him but once—I gave it up at Marlborough-street—the prisoner wrote to his cousin and in consequence of his stating where it was I brought it up.





WILLIAM LANGDON
 (police-sergeant R 19.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted 19th Aug., 1844 (having been before convicted) and confined six months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.

