




1057. 




WILLIAM COLE
 and 




JAMES MARCH
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
18th of February, 1 pair of trowsers, value 6s., the goods of 




Abraham Phillips; and that they had been before convicted of felony.






ABRAHAM PHILLIPS
. I am a clothes-salesman, and live in High-street, Shadwell—at half-past eight o'clock on the 18th of February, I missed a pair of trowsers from outside the door—they were safe half-an-hour before—some one gave me information—I ran after cole and brought him back—I said, "have you stolen a pair of throwers?"—he said he had not—I did not find them on him.





EDWARD DEAN
. I am shopboy to Mr. Dean, a butcher, opposite the prosecutor's—I saw the prisoners waiting about at the shop, talking to one to other, till about twenty minutes to nine o'clock.
WILLIAM JAMES ADAMS (police-constable K 53.) On the 18th of February, about half-past nine, I was at the station—March came to ask if one mean was locked up—I said yes, and he answering the description that I heard of the person who stole the trowsers, I detained him.





ENEAS McALLEN
 (police-constable K 95.) At half-past eight Cole was given into my charge for stealing a pair of trowsers—I asked where he lived—be said in Rose-lane, Spitalfields—I inquired, and he did not live there—I found nothing on him.





JOHN CUNNINGHAM
. I am shop man to Mr. Bidden, in High-street—at half-past eight that morning, I saw Cole take the trowsers from Mr. Phillips's door, and hand them to March, who ran off with them—I ran over directly to tell Mr. Phillips.

Cole. Q. Which arm did I take them down with? A. I do not know.

Cole's Defence. My right arm has been bad these three months, and I was not able to pull them down.

March's Defence. I was not passing by the place at the time.





WILLIAM EADE
. I produce a certificate of march's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person.





WILLIAM KENCHETT
 (police-constable G 26.) I produce a certificate of Cole's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—he is the person.

Cole. I am not the person. Witness. I swear he is.

COLE—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

MARCH—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years—convict ship
.
