




2091. 




DAVID MOREHOUSE PERKINS
 and 




HENRY BRETT
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
13th of June, at St. Stephen, Coleman-street, 1 cash-box, value 5s.; 25 sovereigns, 20 half-sovereigns, 16 crowns; 30 half-crowns, 50 shillings, 60 sixpences, 1 50l., and 4 5l. Bank-notes; the property of 



Thomas Mason and another, in their dwelling-house.


MR. CHAMBERS
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS MASON
. I live at No. 21, Finsbury-pavement, in the parish of St. Stephen, Coleman-street, and am in partnership with Mr. Farnell, a linen-draper. On the 13th of June I had a cash-box in a closet in my bed-room, up two pair of stairs—in consequence of something I heard from Sarah Collingridge, I went up into that room about nine o'clock that night, and found the door of the cupboard broken open, a piece of iron which had been used for that purpose lying on the floor, and the cash-box gone—it contained about 116l.—there was a 50l. note, four 5l. notes, about 40l. in sovereigns and the remainder in silver, 6l. or 7l.—on going down stairs I found two people named Stone and Munting there—the prisoner Brett had been in our service, as porter, about two months, and left about ten days before—I had never seen him at my house between the time of his leaving and the 13th of June—this was the cash of myself and partner.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I suppose Brett might have been there without your seeing him during the ten days? A. Certainly—I had a character with him, but I have reason to suppose it was from parties not competent to give me one.

COURT. Q. Who had you received the character from? A. From the Superintendent of the East India warehouse—I do not know his name.





SARAH COLLINGRIDGE
. I am in the service of the prosecutors. I recollecting

seeing Brett at their house on the 13th of June—he had been there twice between the day he left and the 13th of June—I believe both times he came was for a piece of music—he came on the 13th of June, just before eight o'clock in the evening—he asked John our porter to go out and drink with him—he refused, and he said immediately he would go out and bring something in—I saw him go out and bring some porter into the kitchen—when he came in the porter was ca led out to go on an errand—he drank before he went out, and we all drank round—we then all went about our different work, and Brett went up and down stairs, and stood about the hall, and from one staircase to another—about a quarter to nine o'clock I said, "Oh, John won't be at home, and I must take up the tray"—I prepared it—Brett said, "You are not going to carry up all that, let them wait"—I said, "The time is nine o'clock, I must take it up"—he said, "Let me carry a few," and he took an armful of plates, set them down on the first floor by the door, laid, "Good night," and went away—there is a place in the wainscot, on the staircase, through which you can look into the shop—I did not see Brett do any thing that night but standing about—soon after Brett left Mr. Munting came over and asked me something—I gave him an answer, and directly after the robbery was discovered I found a pair of shoes behind the street door, the back-door where they come in at—one of the policemen took them away.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was there a charwoman in the house that night? A. Yes, her name is Birt—she let Brett out—she was opening the street door to another person, who brought some clothes, but did not come in, and he went out at that time.

MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Where was the charwoman when Brett was there? A. Sitting in the kitchen—Brett was not in the kitchen above five minutes—he never sat down, but walked up and down the stairs—the charwoman once helped me with the plates, that is the only time she left the kitchen—she had done her work, and was sitting in the kitchen, and she answered the door—Brett was there altogether from a little before eight o'clock till just before nine—the back-door is in Little Moorfields, the front door on the Pavement—they are both used, but the back-door more particularly for the servants.

COURT
Q. You say Mr. Munting came and asked you a question, was Brett gone then or not? A. Yes.





ELIZABETH SARAH MUNTING
. I live at No. 18, Little Moorfields. On the 13th of June I was standing at my father's door, about ten minutes before nine o'clock in the evening—our door is directly opposite the back of Mr. Mason's house—I saw the prisoner Perkins come out of the prosecutor's house without his shoes, with a parcel in a red handkerchief—on seeing him come out I mentioned it to my mother and father—my father followed him—I saw Brett come out about two minutes after I saw Perkins—I knew Brett by being his porter to the prosecutor—I had never seen Perkins before.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Brett had nothing with him, had he? A. He had a parcel in a blue cotton pocket-handkerchief—I do not know what it was—it was rather dusk, about ten minutes to nine o'clock, between the lights—it was quite light enough to distinguish any body—our door is directly opposite Mr. Mason's—the street is not very narrow—Brett had not to pass by me—he was on the other side of the way—he went towards Short-street, in the same direction as Perkins—Perkins could not have been out of sight before I saw Brett, but I did not look after

him—I had been in the habit of seeing Brett go to the house when he was the prosecutor's porter.





ELIZABETH MUNTING
. I was standing at my door with my daughter on the night of the 13th of June, and in consequence of what she said I looked towards Mr. Mason's house, and saw a man come out without any shoes on—he had a parcel in his right hand, tied in a handkerchief—he walked deliberately across the road from Mr. Mason's—I spoke to my husband and Mr. Stone, and they went after him immediately.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you see the other man come out? A. I did not—I was not at my door above five or ten minutes—I did not notice the time—I should think it was more than five minutes.

MR. MASON
re-examined. I have a back-door looking into Little Moorfields—that door is not more than four yards from the bottom of the staircase, which goes up to the first and second floors—there is but one room on a floor—the cash-box was in a cupboard in the room—there is no other staircase to that house—it is a double house—this is the back-house.





JOHN MUNTING
. I was standing at my door on the evening of the 13th of June—upon my daughter saying something I looked in the direction, but did not see any man then—I ran with Mr. Stone towards Short-street—Mr. Stone overtook a man—I came up to him—it was the prisoner Perkins—he bad no shoes on—he knew me, and said, "I am surprised at you, Mr. Hammond, stopping me, here is Mr. Munting knows me very well"—he knew Mr. Stone by the name of Hammond—I knew Perkins somewhere about the City, but I do not know where—his face was familiar to me—Mr. Stone said, "What is this you have got here?"—he said, "Nothing but what is my own; I am surprised at your stopping me"—I said, "If you have got nothing but what is your own, you have no objection to come back with us?"—he said, "None at all," turned round, and was agreeable to walk back—he walked part of the way back with Mr. Stone—I said, "Don't let him go, I will go and inquire whether they have lost any thing or not"—I went back, knocked and rang—the maid servant answered—I asked whether they had lost any thing or not—she said they had lost nothing, she was sure nobody had been in there—I returned to Perkins and Mr. Stone, and Perkins was allowed to go away, as I told Mr. Stone, in his hearing, that the servant had said they had lost nothing—he had a handkerchief in his hand, and a sort of a square box, like a cash-box, tied up in it—I did not see the box—it was a sort of red dusty dirty handkerchief.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Whatever it was, was tied up in it? A. Yes.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You went up towards Short-street? A. Yes—it is about fifteen or sixteen yards from my house—I did not turn up Short-street at all—I ran as far as Short-street—Mr. Stone said I was going wrong, and I turned—it was in New Union-street that we overtook him—that is about 100 yards from my door—we passed by several people in going—nothing attracted our attention—when I got to my door Perkins was out of sight—I did not see him till Mr. Stone showed him to me—I did not know Brett—I did not pass him to my knowledge.





WILLIAM STONE
. I was at Mr. Munting's door, and hearing Mrs. Munting say something, I looked and saw a man about Short-street—I followed with Mr. Munting, and at Short-street I said to Munting, "You

have lost scent"—I followed the man up Union-street, and stopped him—it was Perkins—I said, "Halloo, old boy, what have you got there "—he had no shoes on—he said he had nothing but what belonged to him—Munting came up and made use of something of the same words—he made the same answer to him—I said to Munting, "John, I know it is wrong, what business has he with this cash-box"—I call it a cash-box, as I saw the handle through the handkerchief—it was not tied close, and 1 put my hand to it—he said, "I am surprised at you, Hammond, stopping me in the street, knowing me as well as you do," and he said the same to Munting—I had never seen him before to my knowledge—I lived with a half-brother named Hammond twelve or fourteen years, and I have always been called Hammond.





JOSEPH SHACKELL
. I am an inspector of the D division of police. In consequence of information I apprehended Perkins on Saturday night, the 18th of July—I had been looking after him ever since the robbery—I told him he must go with me—he wanted to know what for—I told him I would tell him as soon as we got to the station-house—when 1 got him there I charged him with stealing a cash-box containing a 50l. note, four 5l. notes, 30l. in gold, and a quantity of silver—he said he knew nothing about it—I then requested him to give me his name—he refused to do so—I told him I knew his name, and he might as well give it me—he gave me "David Moorhouse"—I told him his name was David Perkins—he had shoes on—I had them taken off, and have them here—(producing them)—on the left foot there is a projection—he has a large bunion on that foot—I was present when another pair of shoes was tried on him by Hodgson—they appeared to fit, and were exactly the same shape, and nailed in the same way.





CHARLES GEORGE HODGSON
. I am a policeman. I received these shoes from Todhunter—(producing them.)





JOSEPH TODHUNTER
. I am a policeman. I received these shoes from Mr. Mason's house.





SARAH COLLINGRIDGE

re-examined. These are the shoes that were left at the house.





JOSEPH SHACKELL

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. According to your notion, these shoes are the same make? A. They are not the same pattern—I believe they are made off the same last, but they are not cut in the same way—they are nailed the same way, which is extraordinary—I sent for a person named Hyde, the shoemaker, whom I supposed had made them, after he was in custody—he did not come—another man came—he was ordered up before the Magistrate and attended, but his evidence was not taken—I did not tell the Magistrate that he was there—I ordered him to attend.

COURT
to
MR. MASON. Q. You mention that there is but one room on a floor? A. I meant that the rooms all look out one way—there are two rooms—my room, and a small room on the second-floor—the suppertray was brought up to the first-floor—that room is under both the two rooms—the same staircase leads to both floors.





SARAH COLLINGIDGE

re-examined. Brett took up the plates and placed them outside the door of the first-floor room—he did not go in.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. When he was in the service, was not he in the habit of assisting you in carrying up things? A. It was always his place to take up dinner and supper.






JOSEPH TODHUNTER

re-examined. I saw the bed-room after the cash-box was taken, and found this iron, which is called a jemmy—I compared it with the marks on the cupboard—it appeared to be the instrument used.





HANNAH MARTIN
. I have known Brett fifteen months—I recollect his being taken into custody charged with this robbery the first time—I was then living at No. 40, Westmoreland-place, not in the same house with him, but their garden and ours joined—three or four days after he was discharged, he asked me to redeem a handkerchief, and gave me half-a-sovereign to do so—he had very little money before the 13th of June—his mother told me so, and he has said he had no money—he said so only a few days before the 13th of June—it was after he had left Mr. Mason's service—after he gave me the half-sovereign to redeem the handkerchief I saw him with eighteen sovereigns in his father's garden—I was there with him—I was very much surprised, and said, I was surprised to see him with so much money—he showed it to me in the summer-house—there was nobody but him and me there—I said, I was afraid he knew something of the cash-box—(I had heard he had been take-up about a cash-box)—I believe he said, "Yes"—I do not exactly know the answer he made me, I cannot recollect—I said, "You have done it"—he said, no, he did not—I said, "Then Smith has done it"—he said, "No, he did not, but the man that was stopped coming out," alluding to the man that was takes—he said the man who had done it was the man who was stopped—I do not know that I made any particular reply to that—I might have said something—we left the garden, and in going out of the garden-gate he pointed under a pear tree, and said, "That is where the money was buried when I was taken up"—shortly after that I was in the prisoner's father's house—a coat was being mended—I mended the pocket of it—I put my hand into the pocket, and took out a bill-head of "Farnell and Mason"—the prisoner took it out of my hand and read it, and said, Farnell and Mason were d—good fellows, he had 50l. of their money—I never had any particular quarrel with Brett.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You were examined before the Magistrate, Miss Hallett? A. Yes, I answer to the name of Hallett, Martin is my right name—the young man I was going to be married to took the apartments where I live, in the name of Hallett, and I have gone by that name, as every body in the neighbourhood knows me by that name—I have one child living—I have not lost any—I am not married—I never lived with Brett—I am twenty-six years of age—I kept company with Brett—I believe I was to be married to him—I do not know that my acquaintance with him has been a virtuous one, I know that it has not—I had heard him speak of going abroad a long time—I was not very angry at it—I knew he was not going abroad a long time ago, I knew he was not going—I felt uncomfortable, because I knew he had told me so many falsehoods about it—that is months ago, when I first became acquainted with him—I do not know that he threatened to leave me behind—he did not say he would take me with him—I do not know that he wanted to have done with me, I never thought so—I never asked if he intended to take me with him—nobody was present in the summer-house, nor in the garden—when he was first apprehended, I thought he was perfectly innocent—I think he was taken up again about three weeks after, or not so long, I really cannot say—I did not see him every day during the three weeks, I did occasionally—he was not always living

at home—he would be out for two or three nights together, then come home and go away again.

MR. CHAMBES. Q. How long after this happened about the coat did you see Hodgson, the inspector? A. About a week or ten days—I had made a statement to my brother and sister in the mean time.





CHARLES GEORGE HODGSON

re-examined. Brett was first taken up on the 18th of June, discharged on the 27th, and apprehended again on the 30th of July.





RICHARD STAFFORD ROLFE
. I am in the employ of Mr. Paddon, a clothes salesman, in the New Cut. I have known Brett many years—we went to school together—I saw him in the New Cut on the 1st or 2nd of July—I am almost certain it was the 2nd—(I had seen him about six months previous)—in the course of conversation he told me he had been to Newfoundland, and his employer there had such confidence in him he had given him 40l. or 50l. to buy articles for the season that was coming on—he told me his employer was some nobleman—he did not tell me when he had been to Newfoundland—he said he had returned front there the night previous—I saw a quantity of money in his possession, I cannot say how much—I saw the glittering of the sovereigns—we were in a public-house—he pulled out a quantity of money from his pocket, and I saw them loose in his hands—it was gold and silver intermixed—he told me he was a gardener over at Newfoundland, and I knew he was no gardener, knowing him so many years—I directly told my employer of it—on a rough calculation, I should suppose there was from eight to ten sovereigns, or mere—there was a whole handful), in fact, more than his hand could hold, he was obliged to put it up by the side of his body—He told me he had spent five sovereigns with a girl down at Wapping, and he had ordered a suit of clothes from Mr. Groves, and that he had bought some fire-arm to shoot bears with at Newfoundland, for his employer.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were you before the Magistrate? A. No.





JOSEPH BORN
. I am salesman to Mr. Groves, of Lower Marsh, Lambeth. On the 2nd of July I saw Brett at my master's shop—ordered a suit of pilot clothes for sea, and gave me two sovereigns as a deposit—I went with him to a public-house, and had two shillings worth of brandy and water, which he paid for—I saw 2l. or 3l. in his hands, in gold, silver, and copper—in the course of conversation he said he had been to Newfoundland, bear-shooting—he did not say when he had returned.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were you before the Magistrate? A. No.





ANN HARDY
. I know the prisoner Perkins—I lodged in the same house with him for the last two years—before the 13th of June I saw a man come to visit him three or four times—I went to Newgate, and saw a man dressed in sailor's clothes, and picked that man out as the man who came to Perkins—he was dressed in a blue coat and white apron—the prisoner Brett is the man—he was among the other prisoners when I pointed him out—I believe he is the man who came to visit Perkins.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I suppose you are not quite positive? A. Yes, I am, quite—I have stated that I was not quite certain—that was when I was at Newgate—I told somebody there, who opened

the door—he said, "You should not say you believe, you should say you are sure."

COURT. Q. Who was that? A. An elderly gentleman, that opened the Old Bailey yard-door—I am quite sure Brett is the man—I am not saying so because any body has told me so—when I saw him in Newgate he was in a different dress to what I had been accustomed to see him in—he was in sailor's clothes, and he looked shorter to me then than when I noticed him go out of our place—on looking at his face, I say he is the man I saw come out of our house—I have seen him come three or four times—one time I opened our street door to him, and then he went into Perkins's room.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You were not before the Magistrate? A. No.





JOHN HARDY
. I went to Newgate to pick out the man who came to visit Perkins—my wife recognised him first, and said something to me—I knew him to be the man—I had seen him come two or three times to Perkins's—I am sure Brett is the man—I am positive of it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS
Q. Are you the elderly gentleman who told her not to say she believed, but to be certain? A. No—I am her husband—the elderly gentleman asked her, "Can you swear to any one there? do you know any one of the prisoners?"—she said, "Yes, I do, the young man in the sailor's clothes"—he said, "Can you swear to him?"—she hesitated, and said, no, she could not, she thought he was the man—he said, "You must not think here"—that is all he said.

JURY. to
HANNAH MARTIN. Q. What became of the heading of the bill? A. He tore it up to light his pipe, which he was going to smoke.
(——Francis, a cabinet-maker, Trafalgar-street, Walworth; Richard Baker, leather factor, Old Kent-road; William Turton, confectioner, Lambeth-walk; and——Hurst, brass-finisher, Bridport-place, Hoxton; gave the prisoner Brett a good character.)

PERKINS—


GUILTY
. Aged 38.

BRETT—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.




Transported for Fifteen Years.
