



2221. 




WILLIAM JONES



, stealing 7 sovereigns, 2 half-crowns, and 4 pence; the moneys of 



Hannah Haines, in the dwelling-house of 



John Redfern.






HANNAH HAINES
. I am single, and live in Brunswick-court, in the parish of Christ Church, Surrey. I am thirty-four years old—I lived with the prisoner ten or eleven weeks, as his wife, and he agreed that we should go to Australia—I allowed him to sell my furniture, and we went together to Woolwich, to embark—about half an hour before we were to go, he came and told me the ship had started at four o'clock in the morning—I had got my furniture by being in service—the prisoner is nothing at all—he is twenty-two years old—my furniture is all gone—the prisoner gave it away; he did not make much of it—he had promised me marriage, but he said he had not got money enough—we did not stop all night at Woolwich; we came back to my lodging in the evening—I had seven sovereigns, five shillings, and some halfpence, wrapped up in my pocket—they were safe on the night of 22nd Aug.—I went to bed with the prisoner as usual—he got up about ten minutes after five o'clock next morning, and went out between five and six—I got up at seven, and after a while I found my pocket between the box and the wall, but my money was gone out of it—I had seen the money safe when I went to bed in the evening—there was no one in the room but me and my girl, who is ten years old—I am a widow—I went to look after the prisoner—I could not find him—after two days I found him at the Surrey Theatre—I went up to him, and asked him if he was not a pretty fellow—he said, "No, not at all "—I said, "How came you to take my money?"—he said he had not taken it.





THOMAS GARIORTH
 (policeman, L 151). I went with the prosecutrix, and took the prisoner—he said, "Me! I know nothing about it"—I found this watch on him—I asked him how long he had had it—he said he had had it a good bit, and he had bought it—he had a gold ring on his finger, and two new handkerchiefs, and he had on a new shirt—he said they were all his, and he bought them.





HANNAH HAINES

re-examined. The prisoner had none of these articles when he was with me; he was very destitute.





GEORGE TARR
. I am a watch-maker. The prisoner bought this watch of me at Woolwich—I cannot say the day—he gave me 9s. and an old watch for it, and he gave me 2l. 15s., to take care of for him till the next morning.

Prisoner's Defence. I was living in Paddington; I went out one Sunday for some salt; I met the prosecutrix; she said she would give me some; we got talking; she said she was all alone, except a little girl of ten years old, and asked me to runic to tea with her. which I did, and we went out together;

from that time we kept company; she asked me to sleep with her, which I did; in about a fortnight we fell out, and I left her; she came after me in a week after, and we made it up, and lived together till last Saturday three weeks; we went to Woolwich, to go to Australia, but were too late for the ship; we came to town, and I took her to a friend of mine; on the Tuesday morning I got up at five o'clock, and went out to look for work; I had a few shillings, and got my watch out of pawn, and exchanged it for another; on Thursday I came to London, and was taken; she had given me money to buy a false certificate of marriage and a gold wedding-ring; she used to spend her money in waste; I am innocent of the robbery.




GUILTY
. ** Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

