



1621. 




THOMAS HILLIARD
was indicted

for stealing, on the 
22nd of May, 1201bs. weight of rope, value 1l., the goods of 



William Consett Wright.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN GEORGE WARDLE.
I am a waterman, and live in Albion-street, Commercial-road. On the night of the 21st of May, I was keeping watch at Ratcliff-Cross-stairs—about twelve o'clock the prisoner came to our watch door, and asked if there was any lodging there—I said, "No"—(I had seen him about ten minutes before going in a direction to Narrowstreet)—I told him to go his own lodging—he then went into Mr. Wright's craft, and I lost sight of him for about ten minutes, when I saw him again come up the causeway with a quantity of rope on his back—there was a

man behind him assisting him to carry the rope—I asked where he was going—he asked what was that to me—I said that was Mr. Wright's rope, and asked him where he had got it—he said he picked it up on the shore—he threw it down at my feet, and walked away—I sent a man for the policeman—I followed the prisoner, till I got the assistance of the police—I gave him in charge, when he had got about one hundred yards off—the other man got away.





JAMES PEARCE
(police-constable K178.) I was fetched, and took the prisoner back to the rope—he said he had picked it up on the causeway—I took him to the station-house, and found on him this knife, which smelt very strong of tar, and there was tar on the blade of it.





JOHN CHARLES WHITE.
I am lighterman to Mr. William Consett Wright, a coal merchant, at Ratcliff-cross. I know this rope—it was used as headfasts to Mr. Wright's barges—here is some of my splicing on them—they were fastened to the barges, and must have been untied or cut—they appear to have been cut—I went in consequence of what I heard to the wharf, and missed the headfasts—I had seen them safe at seven o'clock on the evening before—I have not the least doubt of these being them.





JAMES LONG.
I saw the prisoner on Mr. Wright's craft—I saw him afterwards with the rope—he threw it down.

Prisoner's Defence. A man said he had got a bundle of rope, if I would help him to carry it he would give me 1s. 6d.—he picked up the rope, and just as I got into the street the watchman stopped me.




GUILTY.**Aged 42.—


Transported for Seven Years

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
