



410. 




JOHN BAXTER PEACE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of November, 1 watch, value 5l.; 1 chain, value 6d.; 1 seal, value 6d.; and 2 keys, value 1s.; the goods of 



James Baird, from his person.






JAMES BAIRD
. I am a stone-mason, and live in Westminster. I lodged at the Welsh Harp public-house, in Essex-street, on the 15th of November—I had taken too much liquor, I went up stairs, and the prisoner was sent up to see if I had got safe to bed—I saw my watch in my possession a little after eight o'clock, and next morning I missed it—the one now produced is mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How do you know it? A. My name is engraved inside—when I missed it I looked all over my bed room for it, and told the landlord of it.





ROBERT COX
. I am in the service of Mr. Tarrant, a pawnbroker in Great Charlotte-street, Blackfriars-road. This watch was pawned on the 25th of November, by a man in the name of John Baxter—I gave him a duplicate.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it in this state when you received it, with only one hand to it? A. Yes—I cannot tell what time of day it was brought.





WILLIAM EASON
. I keep the Welsh Harp in Essex-street; the prisoner was in my service to carry out beer. On the 15th of November I told him to see the prosecutor to bed, and undress him—on the 25th the prisoner was still in my employ—he asked leave to go out that evening, saying he had got a hurt from a ladder, and wished to consult the doctor about his side, which he had hurt—in consequence of suspicion, I afterwards

searched a box belonging to him, and found the duplicate of this watch, with about forty more duplicates.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was he when you searched the box? A. He was absent—the box was open in his room—I remember that it was on the 25th of November he asked leave to go out, because he came home and brought home some shoes and other things, and money—I thought he could not have got it honestly, and immediately suspected him—I put it down in a book, which I have not got here—it was on the 22nd of December that I searched his box—I had no quarrel with him myself, my wife had, about taking a handkerchief—I did not take any part in the quarrel to my recollection—he remained in my employ till the 22nd of December, because I was ill, or I should have had him taken before.





HENRY MORRISS
 (City police-constable, No. 323.) I took the prisoner in charge, and received this duplicate from Eason—I found this pocket-book in his box, containing forty two more duplicates, but this duplicate was found before I searched his box.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you search it? A. On the 22nd of December—I received the duplicate from Eason, about an hour before I found the pocket-book.

MR. PAYNE
to
JAMES BAIRD. Q. Was the prisoner the only person up stairs with you? A. Yes, except the servant maid—I saw my watch safe about three hours before I went up stairs—I went to a cook-shop after that for some time—I had been lodging there about nine weeks—the prisoner came there two or three weeks after me.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.
