



1916. 




GEORGE MIDDLEDITCH
 was indicted

 for feloniously accusing 



Frederick Rennell Thackeray, of a certain infamous crime, that is to say, of having made to him a certain solicitation whereby to move and induce him to commit with the said 



Frederick Rennell Thackeray the crime of b----with a view to extort and gain money from him: 2nd COUNT, charging a certain other solicitation whereby to move and induce him to permit the crime of b----to be committed by the said 



Frederick Rennell Thackeray: 3rd COUNT, for accusing the said 



Frederick Rennell Thackeray of a certain infamous crime, with a view and intent to extort money from him.


MESSRS. CLARKSON and BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






MAJOR-GENERAL FREDERICK RENNELL THACKERAY
. I have been an officer fifty-one years—I was a cadet in June, 1790. On the 20th of June I lodged at No. 19, Bury-street, St. James's, my family being in Hampshire—I had been at Offley's, in Henrietta-street, and was returning home about half-past ten o'clock at night—I was passing down Hemming's-row, on the north side, and the prisoner came up to me—until then I had not seen him at all—I never had any communication with him either that evening or at any other period in my life—he was dressed in uniform—he endeavoured to whisper to me, and stooped—I rather drew back, and did not hear distinctly what he said—I think he uttered some words—he then asked me what hour it was—I replied I did not know exactly, but it was past ten o'clock—he two or three times attempted to whisper again, but I always drew back, and continued on my way home—I went through Green-street, Leicester-square, Panton-street, into Jermyn-street—I found he was following me and did not choose he should know where I lived—I turned round and said, "Which way are you going, for I am going in the opposite direction"—I turned back from going towards my lodgings, and came into the Haymarket, and began to inquire for a policeman—I turned into Piccadilly, and seeing a cigar shop, I went and asked where I could find a policeman—he was then looking in at the window—they told me where to find a policeman, and as I left the shop door a young man who I had never seen before took me by the arm, and said, "Sir, I will protect you"—I proceeded down the Haymarket towards my lodging—I observed to the young man, "This is the way to my lodging; I don't wish the man to know where I live"—he turned round and said to the prisoner, "What do you mean by annoying this gentleman?"—he said, "I know what I mean "—I returned to the Haymarket, and there were two or three empty cabs near the curb-stone—the young man said, "Get into one of the cabs, and you will get away from him"—I said, "Not for a thousand pounds, if he had met with a young man he might frighten him, he will not frighten me, I will go through it and have him punished"—when we came to Regent-circus I saw a policeman, and said, "This young man has been annoying me"—the prisoner ran up and said, "I charge this person with making an indecent assault on my person"—he said that it was in Orange-street, at an accommodation place for making water—he used those words either in Regent-street or at the police office—I had not been in an accommodation place that evening with the prisoner or any person—he said, he was making water in one place and I in the other, that I bent round and put my hand on his private parts—so help me God there is not a syllable of truth in that—I was then taken into custody—Ioffered bail, and he was sent away with a letter to his commanding officer—I was brought next day before

Mr. Hardwicke, at Marlborough-street—the investigation was gone into—I was discharged, and he was given in charge—he made a statement there which I heard.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You have been in the army many years? A. I have been an officer since 1793—I was going westward towards my lodging when the prisoner accosted me—I was in Hemming's-row, on the north side—I had not been in Orange-street—the prisoner accosted me in Hemming's-row—I did not go into Orange-street, but crossed, I believe it is called Green-street, through Leicester-square, Haymarket, into Jermyn-street, where I stopped and spoke to him, and came back into the Haymarket to look for a policeman—a great many people were passing, in Hemming's-row, particularly—when I found he persisted in following me—(I had heard of cases of this sort being made against people, and they being nervous, large sums of money extorted from them)—I was determined he should not find out my lodging, and turned round into the Haymarket and Piccadilly, and saw the cigar shop—I went from Leicester-square into a street, I do not know whether it is called Panton-street—I was twice in Jermyn-street, once with the witness, and once before by myself, followed by the prisoner—I told the person at the tobacco shop that the man had persisted in following and annoying me—the first time he said I had done anything to him was to the policeman—he had not said a syllable to me before that—he had tried to whisper to me several times, and might have said something, but I drew back—I did not wish to hear what he said—I did not wish to speak to a person who attacked me in the street in that way—I never asked him what he meant by following me—I asked which way he was going, and I would go in an opposite direction—Brealey asked what he meant by annoying me—he said, "I know what I mean."





HENRY STEVENSON
. I am assistant to Mr. Beale, tobacconist, Piccadilly—I was serving in the shop on the 20th of June, about eleven o'clock—the General came into our shop, and asked if I could inform him where he could get a policeman, as the soldier outside, standing at the window, had been annoying him—I told him where he would most likely find one—he went towards where I told him, and returned, saying he could not find one, and afterwards went away—I saw the soldier looking through the window—the prisoner is the man.

Cross-examined. Q. How many persons were in the tobacco-shop? A. Two gentlemen and myself—my master was not there—I did not ask the prosecutor what the annoyance was.





CHRISTOPHER ROBINSON
 (police-constable C 31.) On the night of the 20th of June I was on duty in Lower Regent-street, and saw General Thackeray and the prisoner there—the General said in his hearing, "I give this man in charge"—before he could state what he charged him with, the prisoner said, "I give this man in charge for an indecent assault"—I asked him in what way he had assaulted him—he said, "He came into a watering-place in Orange-street, put his hand round the partition in the watering-place, and caught hold of my private person."





THOMAS STORE BREALEY
. I am assistant to a chemist and druggist. I was passing through a court leading from Orange-street on this night—I did not see the prosecutor in Orange-street—I overtook him in Panton-street, and followed him up the Haymarket—the frequent application the General had made to the prisoner to go away, and not to annoy him made me follow him—the General went into a tobacconist's shop—the prisoner was standing at the window—the General came out, looking about for somebody, I went up, and offered him my assistance—we went to look for a policeman, but when

I got to N----street, I wished him to get Into a cab, but he would not—we met a policeman, as the prisoner was following close behind us—the General spoke first, and said in the prisoner's bearing, "I give this man in charge for annoying me"—he was in such a state of excitement at the time, he appeared unable to say all he wanted—the prisoner said, "I give him in charge for indecently assaulting me"—he did not explain what the indecency was till we arrived at the police-station.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. I have been assistant to a chemist, and am at present doing nothing—I was taking a walk that night, and smoking a cigar in Regent-st.—I had left the chemist's two or three months—I first saw the prosecutor in Panton-street, which comet from the Haymarket into Leicester-square—he was walking along, looking behind him several times—the prisoner was a very short distance off—I heard the General repeatedly ask him the way he was going—I was going home—I lodged in Norton-street, Fitzroy-square—I have now a situation as assistant to a druggist, at Newbury, Berkshire—I was six years and a month with Savory and Co., Bond-street—when I asked the prisoner what he meant by annoying the gentleman, he said, "I know what I want," or "what I mean" whether I said, "What do you want," or "mean," I do not know, but it was one or the other.





GEORGE FROUD
 (police-inspector.) I was on duty at the station in Vine-street, on the evening of the 20th of June—the prisoner and prosecutor came there—I gave the prisoner a letter, directed to the commanding officer of his regiment, and told him to deliver it to the Commanding officer—it was folded up, but not sealed—next morning the prisoner produced the letter from his pocket—he came to us about nine o'clock, before he went to the Magistrate's office, and asked me if it was necessary he should attend at the Magistrate's office—I said, "Yes, certainly; you have charged this gentleman with an offence, and you must appear"—he said he had been advised not to attend, by one of the non-commissioned officers, as it would bring the regiment into disgrace—I asked him if he had delivered that letter, he said he had—he made a statement in my hearing before the Magistrate—he knew the contents of the note—I read it to him.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe he said, if he attended before the Magistrate, he should want a letter from you? A. No he did not—I gave him the letter overnight, to ask the commanding-officer to allow him to come—it was not written at his request—it is the order of the Commissioners, when a soldier is charged, or charges any person, to write immediately to the commanding-officer.





WILLIAM BISHOP
. I am clerk to the Magistrate at Marlborough-street Police-court—I produce the book containing the evidence given by the prisoner on the 21st of June, it is in my handwriting, and is a correct statement of what passed—he was sworn before he made the statement—it is not signed by him—I can recollect what passed, by refreshing my memory by these notes—I recollect his making the charge—I have a partial recollection of what he said—I took down from his mouth what he said accurately—(reads)—"I am a private in the second battalion of Coldstream Guards; between ten and eleven o'clock last night I was proceeding towards my barracks, down Orange-street; I had occasion to stop at a watering place; while so doing the defendant came into the adjoining watering place; there is a partition; he looked round at me, then put his hand round, and caught hold of my private parts; I said, 'What do you mean by that, you d—d old scoundrel?' he made answer, 'Don't make a noise, for God's sake,' and left the place immediately; I followed him, he went into a tobacconist's shop between the corner of Whitcombe and Regent-street; he came out in two

or three minutes, caught hold of a young man's arm, and they walked on; he said to me, 'Which way are you going?' I made him no answer; he stopped, and said, 'I am going the reverse way to you;' he turned round to the right; I still followed him; he stopped, and asked me what I was following him for; I told him I wanted to get a constable; he turned back again; I followed him to Regent-circus, when I gave him in charge;" on cross-examination he said "I made a charge on the 12th of July last against a gentleman, named Williams, of a similar nature; I never made any other charge of this sort against any person; I have never been summoned to appear against Williams; I did not report this case at the barracks last night"—the Magistrate discharged the General—the prisoner had made a charge against Williams at our office.
(The letter to the commanding officer was here read, stating that the prisoner had charged Major Thackery with an indecent assault, and that he must appear before the Magistrate the next morning.)

MR. PRENDERGAST
to
GEORGE FROUD. Q. Did you hear the prisoner say anything about the charge against Williams? A. I was not aware of it till he told me himself the same night—he said he was on duty at Marlborough-house, Pall-mall, and the party accused was brought to the station.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. What did he say became of that case? A. He said he never had anything more to do with it, the party was held to bail—he was aware he had to go to Marlborough-street next day, where he had preferred this charge—it occurred in July, last year.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did not the prisoner ask you what had become of that case? A. I asked, and he said he could not tell—I believe he said I might find out by looking at the book.

COURT. Q. Did he say where the alleged offence occurred with Williams? A. Yes, at Marlborough-house, Pall-mall, where he was on duty—he said he charged Williams with the same offence—there is a watering-place in Orange-street with three partitions—it is immediately facing the end of Hemming s-row—he said he was in the watering-place, and the general put his hand round, and caught hold of his private parts—he said, "I asked him what he meant by it, and he left," and he followed him—he said nothing as to his construction of what the prosecutor had done, what he understood he meant.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Is Panton-street in a straight line going from. Hemming's-row? A. If you turn a little to the right, it leads you into Green-street—Orange-street is immediately facing the end of Hemming's-row—it is not a direct line from Hemming's-row to Panton-street—Green-street is.

COURT. Q. Was the prosecutor going in his way home till he was interrupted by the prisoner? A. Certainly—Orange-street is separated from Hemming's-row by Castle-street, but the watering-place is at the further end from Hemming's-row.
(John Farrow, serjeant of the Coldstream Guards; John Freeman, eating-house keeper, Chelsea; Charles Brett, gardener, Chelsea; and John Clements, hair-dresser, Cambridge-road, Mile-end, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Life.

