





818. 




WINIFRED DWYER,



 MARY LANGLEY
, and 




ANN STYLES
, were indicted for

 feloniously making, on the 
12th of February, 3 pieces of counterfeit coin, resembling, and apparently intended to resemble and pass for 3 of the Queen's current coin, called sixpences.


THE HON. MR. SCARLETT
and
MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM STANNARD
 (police-sergeant G.) On the 12th of February, at a quarter past three o'clock in the afternoon, I went to No. 4, Old Nicholl-street, Shoreditch, accompanied by Redman and Fink—Fink was left outside—we went to the first floor front room—we found the door fastened inside—I could see through a crack in the door into the room—we could not see the fire-place, but saw the three prisoners sitting on stools, apparently before the fire—two had their backs to us, and Styles was sitting sideways—I could see she had a piece of money in her left hand, and was doing something to it with her right hand—the other two sat very close to her—I could not see whether they were doing any thing—I noticed them for about a minute, and then burst the door open—it gave way, and I fell down inside the room—Dwyer and Langley went towards the window—Styles remained on the stool, apparently in a fainting state—we gave her some water—after securing the three prisoners, I searched the room, and under a stool where Styles sat I found two counterfeit sixpences, which I produce—in another part of the room, by the side of where Dwyer stood, I found a pair of scissors, and two counterfeit sixpences behind a bedstead, one of which has the get attached to it—that one was quite cold—there was a fire-place close to where they had been sitting—I searched about the grate, and on the left-hand hob I found a piece of tin called a band—there was apparently plaster-of-Paris sticking to it—on the table I found a teacup, a piece of metal spoon, and some plaster-of-Paris in a damp state; and on a shelf, over the table, was a bag containing plaster-of-Paris in a dry state—I merely felt the prisoners'

clothes—2 3/4 d. was found on Dwyer, but nothing on the others—all their hands were very dirty, and Styles's particularly smelt of metal and antimony—the three prisoners were the only persons in the room—I asked who the room belonged to—Styles answered, "It belongs to. Mrs. Cannon," and Dwyer said, "Yes, it belongs to me."

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How did you find the outer door of the house? A. Open—the room-door was fastened with a staple and hasp inside—nobody went in at first but I and Redman—Fink came up about four minutes after—I found the sixpence and scissors behind the bedstead, which is near the window—they went towards the window on my tumbling into the room—I think Shannon was the person's name whom Styles said the room belonged to.

Styles. Q. Had not I my bonnet and shawl? A. Yes—the others had not.

COURT. Q. Was the window open or shut when they went to it? A. I do not know—I did not observe whether it was open or shut.





HENRY REDMAN
. I accompanied Stannard to the room—I entered the room with him, and saw Dwyer and Langley go to the window—I ran after them, but, before I could get to them, Langley opened the window and threw some white substance out—I laid hold of her and Dwyer—Standard brought Styles from the fire, and we handcuffed them—I searched the room, and took this pipe from the fire, with the bowl red hot, and some fluid metal in it—I found a pot on the hob with a piece of white metal in it, and on the hearth, near where Langley and Dwyer went from, I found three counterfeit sixpences—I found no good sixpence—there was a small bit of a spoon in the pot with the other metal.

Cross-examined. Q. About what size is the room? A. About ten feet square—there is only one window—there was a bedstead and table, and the stool they sat upon—I did not observe any chairs.

Langley. I did not throw any thing out of window—it was never opened at all.





JOHN FINK
. I am a policeman. I accompanied Standard and Redman to the house in question—I remained in the middle of the road while they went up—I saw Langley come to the window, open it, and throw this mould out into the road—it was quite hot at the time—it had been sticking together, but it separated into two pieces in falling—there was nothing in it—I took it up, and then went up stairs—I took charge of the prisoners, and on the floor I found this piece of metal.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of counterfeit coin to the Mint. Here are seven sixpences, all counterfeit, and all cast in the same mould—this is a plaster-of-Paris mould in which they have been cast—this one with the get tallies with the mould as well as the rest—here are two more gets, which also fit the mould—here is a tobacco-pipe with metal in it similar to the sixpences—the metal in the spoon is of a similar kind—it is Britannia metal, which is a mixture of tin and antimony, which has a smell about it—this is plaster-of-Paris in powder—this piece of tin is used to make the mould, to confine the pitster-of-Paris into a shape—the scissors would be used to nip off the gets—they generally make the impression in the mould with a good sixpence.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What would require to be done to these sixpences before they were circulated? A. Six of them have surplus metal round the edge, which should be removed with a file; but one appears to have been filed, and would be in a state for circulation.


Langley's Defence. I met Dwyer in Shoreditch at a quarter-past two o'clock, and asked where she had been—she said with her husband's dinner—I asked her to have a pint of beer—we both went into a public-house, and had a pint of porter each—directly afterwards she asked me to go home with her to have a cup of tea, and I went up stairs with her—any transaction of coining I know nothing about.

Styles's Defence—(written.)—"I beg to inform you, my Lord, and Gentlemen of the Jury, that I am an unfortunate young woman, and became acquainted with a young woman named Mary Shannon, the daughter of Mrs. Dwyer, the prisoner at the bar with me. This acquaintance originated in consequence of my mother and myself residing very near to them in the same street; and having lent this young woman an apron during the week, I stood much in need of it. I had been on an errand for my mother into Bishopsgate-street, and on my returning home, having to pass by their door, I ran up stairs and inquired for her daughter, Mary Shannon, and was answered she was not within, but expected her home in a few minutes. I had my bonnet and shawl on me at the time; and as she was expected to return in a few minutes, I waited there. I most solemnly declare to you my Lord, and the Gentlemen of the Jury, I had not been in the room more than ten minutes when the officers came in and took me into custody, together with the other two female prisoners now at the bar with me. I humbly beg leave to state, that the officers who took me into custody, if required by your Lordship, can declare upon oath I had those articles upon me at the time they took me into custody. I therefore humbly hope this circumstance will convince you that I had not the smallest connexion, or was in any way interested in the business my fellow prisoners was then carrying on; and the circumstance that led me to their room was no other than what I have before described, to get an apron from her daughter that belonged to me."
(Two witnesses deposed to Styles's good character.)

DEYER—


GUILTY
. Aged 42.

LAMGLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 34.




Transported for Ten Years.

STYLES—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
