




1881. 




THQMAS HERBERT
 and 




JOHN GARRATT
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
25th of May, 1 coat, value 1l. 17s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 1l.; and 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; the goods of 



Charles Thomas Edwards; to which


HERBERT pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Transported for Seven Years.





CHARLES THOMAS EDWARDS
. I live in West-street, Somers-town, and work at a greengrocer's. Garrett is my landlord's son, and lived in the same house with me—on Wednesday night, the 25th of May, I was going to bed, about hall-past eleven o'clock—I observed the window of the room about three inches open, and the curtain broken down—I had a box under the bed in that room, in which I had a suit of clothes—I found it broken open, and missed from it a coat, a black silk handkerchief, and a pair of black cloth trowsers—I had seen them safe the day before, and I had locked the box—the duplicate of these things was sent to my landlord, in a public-house, by a little boy—it was shown to me that night, and the next morning the landlady gave it me—I gave it to the policeman, who went to the pawnbroker's—the articles produced are mine, and are what I had seen safe in my box the evening before.





WILLIAM HUNT
 (police-constable E 67.) The prisoner Herbert was given into my custody, and I received this duplicate from the prosecutor.





THOMAS FRYER
 (police-sergeant P 15.) I took Garrett into custody in Fizroy-market—I told him it was for felony—he said, "You go and take the other one"—I asked what he meant—he said, "I will go and show you where he lives"—I said, "If you make any communication to me, I shall have to state it"—as he got opposite No. 21. Warren-street, where Herbert lived,. he pointed down the area and said, "There"—he afterwards said, "I did not take the property, though I was present at the time the box was broken open by Herbert," and he said they got in at the back. THOMAS BLACKBURN. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Skinner-street,

Somer's-town. This coat, trowsers, and handkerchief were pawned with me by Herbert.

GARRATT—



GUILTY
. Aged 22.—




Confined Six Months.
