



2032. 




ANN SINNER, alias
 Erle

, was indicted

 for the wilful murder of 



Daniel Crawley.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
CLARK
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE BROWN
. I am a labourer, and live in John-street, Mile-end gate. I know the prisoner by sight—she keeps a cook's-shop in Flower-and-Dean-street—on Saturday evening, the 3rd of Oct., I was in her shop between ten and half-past ten o'clock, and remained there—Van Spreeding burgh was there—the deceased, Daniel Crawley, came in after twelve o'clock—he asked for a quarter of a pound of beef—I cut it for him, and put it in the scale—the prisoner was standing near the door, outside the counter—I was inside the counter—she observed the meat in the scale, and said to me, "That will not do; that is how I ruined myself the first week I took the shop by wronging myself like that"—she came inside the counter—I put the knife and fork on the counter and told her I did not understand it—she took the knife and fork, took the meat from the scale, and put it on the counter, and while she was cutting a piece off it Crawley put 2d. into my hand—I put it on the counter, and said, "There is 2d"—she said, "That is not the price of the meat, it is 2 1/2."—Crawley said to me, "That is right countryman, is it not?"—I said, "I do not know, there is the mistress"—Crawley was then standing with his right elbow on the counter, and leaning against the wall—he wanted the meat—she would not give it him—he said he wanted it, and insisted that it was right, but she put it behind her on the shelf—she was talking to him—I do not particularly recollect what she said at the time—it was only a word or two—she put her hand to his face once or twice, and said, "You blackguard, I do not want your custom," and to be off—Crawley remained in the same position, leaning on the counter—the prisoner had the knife in her hand at the time—she was talking to him, and I saw her shove her arm across the counter and stab him—I saw the blood, and for a moment after I could not see.

Q. When she stabbed him did she say anything? A. She put her arm across all on a sudden and said, "There is a halfpennyworth, you b—!"—Crawley cried out, went to the door of the shop, and the prisoner threw the knife over the counter on the floor, and I picked it up—it was the same knife that she had cut the meat with—the constable came in immediately.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Whether the man wanted the meat of not you do not know, but he said he came for meat? A. Yes, he asked for it—I never bought meat there—I do not know whether the price was 10d. a pound—she said it was—she was tipsy—it might be a little after twelve o'clock at night—I had stopped there since ten or half-past ten o'clock—the prisoner was not drinking while I was there—I had not been drinking myself—I stopped there after it took place for fear they should think it was me that did it—there was a crowd of people there—I knew the prisoner by seeing her about—I know nothing particular about her—I did

not live in the house—I heard a row in the street—it might be a good while before this—I was inside, and heard people talking outside—that was after the man came in, while he was in, and before he was stabbed—there was a mob all along the street—I did not know Crawley before—I do not know Mrs. Sanderson—I did not hear the prisoner complain that there had been a parcel of fellows making a row at her shop that night—I have heard it since this took place—when Crawley came in and asked for the meat the prisoner was standing against the front door—I was further from the door than her, on the outer side of the counter—the knife and fork were lying in the shop—the man was an Irishman—I cut him very good weight—I was not used to weigh meat—the prisoner complained that I had cut too much, and took some of it away—after that it was full weight—he was then standing at the counter and she inside it—there was no more than what I call joking and laughing between them—Crawley was leaning with one hand on his face and the other on the counter—she stood opposite him inside—I heard her call him a blackguard, and say she would not have his custom—when she was examined I did not hear her say that he had put his hand to her person—I did not see him do so—tbe counter is about two feet wide—I did not hear him say, when he was leaning on the counter, "Nance, many a good spree have you and I had together, and will have again"—I was sober—I had had no drink at all—the shop is not very large—I did not hear one or two words that were said—I did not take such particular notice as to hear that—when she used the knife she said, "Take that you b—," not "you blackguard"—it was at the time he was leaning with one hand on the counter and the other to his head—he put the 2d. into my hand; I put it on the counter—I do not know which took it up—I did not see it taken up—I did not see all that took place on the counter—she told him to be off, a backguard, she did not want his custom—I did not hear her say that several times—I might have had a drop of beer at my work, but not shortly before this—I went there to get something to eat—I sat down and had a basin of soup—it was a sudden thrust.





HENRY FRANCIS VAN SPREEDINGBURG
. I was at the prisoner's shop between one and two o'clock in the middle of the night—I went for half-a-pound of pork, but it was not done enough, and I put it back—Crawley came in and asked for a quarter of a pound of the same pork—Brown cut some for him and put it into the scale—the prisoner was standing outside the counter near the door—Crawley produced 2d.—who he gave it to I cannot say—I saw it on the counter and heard the prisoner say she wanted another halfpenny—I did not see Crawley offer another halfpenny—the prisoner took the meat out of the scale and put it in a dish—Crawley said, "Give me my meat, I will give you 1d., which will pay for a slice of bread as well"—the prisoner was then on the door side of the counter—he did not produce the penny, and she told him to leave the shop—after that I asked for half a pound of beef, which Brown cut and put in the scale, and the prisoner said there was more than weight—she went inside the counter—it was my meat that was over weight—Brown laid down the knife and fork—she took the meat, cut a piece off, and put it into the dish—Crawley was then standing next to me in front of the counter leaning over the counter—I heard him say to the prisoner, "Nance, you and I have had many a spree together, and I hope we shall have again"—he said so several times, and she told him several times to go away—I cannot say I heard her call him a blackguard—I was in the act of leaving the shop after having mustard put on my beef by Brown, and saw the prisoner make a plunge at Crawley with her hand—I cannot swear I saw anything in her hand—I was not going out—my face was towards the counter, but my eye was not fixed on her further than seeing her arm plunge towards Crawley across the counter—this was almost immediately alter the mustard was put on my meat—I

was nearly facing Brown, who was by the prisoner's side—she mentioned some words when she made the plunge, but what it was I cannot say—directly the plunge was made he walked out of the shop and said, "Save me, save me, I am stabbed"—Brown came round the counter, and I saw a knife in his hand stained with blood.

Cross-examined. Q. You say it was pork Crawley came for? A. Yes—I had been drinking—I cannot say I was tipsy—I do not know what became of the 2d.—the prisoner appeared to have been drinking, but she could see there was too much meat in the scale—there had been no row at the door shortly before to my knowledge—I went there between one and two o'clock--there was no mob there when I went in—I was not there at twelve.

Q. Did not she say, "Take that, you blackguard," or something? A. She mentioned some word at the time she made the plunge—what, I cannot say.





GEORGE KING
. I was a police-sergeant—on Saturday night, the 3rd of Oct., between twelve and one o'clock, I was in Flower-and-Dean-street—there was a disturbance in the street—I remained there about an hour till this occurred, which was at half-past one o'clock—I was outside the shop about ten minutes after the disturbance, and Crawley passed me and went into the shop—in four or five minutes I heard an exclamation in a man's voice, as if in pain—the deceased ran out of the door with his left hand on his right side, in a stooping position—he called to me, "I am stabbed, I am stabbed to the heart; oh, save me, save me!"—I took hold of him, and led him into the shop—Brown and the prisoner were behind the counter, and the last witness in front—I put Crawley on a chair, and took the prisoner—she said, "I will go quietly with you"—I asked Brown for the knife—I found it among some lumber at the back of the shop—the blood was on it, wet and moist—another constable took the prisoner to the station—I took Crawley to the London hospital, and gave him in Mr. Holman's charge—I returned to the police-station—the inspector read the charge to her, and said she had no occasion to say anything unless she liked, but if she had anything to say he was willing to hear it—she then said, "Mrs. Sanderson sent him to break into my place, and what I have done I might do to protect myself'—Crawley was not present at the disturbance in Flo wer-and-Dean-street—the first disturbance was between Mrs. Sanderson and her lodgers, and the second disturbance was between Sanderson and the prisoner—when the depositions were taken before the Magistrate, the prisoner said Crawley had taken indecent liberties with her, that she had the knife and fork in her hand, and did not know she had done it—this was at her first examination before Mr. Broughton—the deceased gave the name of Daniel Crawley-at the station.





WILLIAM HENRY HOLMAN
. I am a surgeon—the deceased was brought to the London hospital—his shirt was covered with blood—I found a wound on his left breast—he lived six days and a half—I have no doubt his 
death was caused by that wound—I made a post mortem examination.




GUILTY
of Manslaughter.
* Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(The prisoner had been before convicted of felony.)
