



2278. 




JOHN SLORA
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Christopher Ibberson, about one o'clock in the night of the 
19th of August, at 

St. Nicholas Acorn, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 drawer, value 2s. 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d.; and 14ozs. weight of tobacco, value 3s. 10d.; his property.






ADAM GOZZARD
 (City police-constable, No. 476.) On the morning of the 20th of August, between one and two o'clock, I was in Nicholas-lane, near the Black Boy and Horse Shoe—after hearing the landlady lock the door and go up stairs, I saw a light in the bar—I watched it for some time, listened at the door, and heard a lock forced back—I knocked at the door, and asked three times whether all was right—I could get no answer—I tried the door, and found it unfastened—I went inside, and there was a light in the bar—I asked if it was all right—it was put out immediately—I went out and sprung my rattle—Lamboll came up immediately—we called the landlord down, searched the house, and found the prisoner in the water-closet below pretending to be asleep—I took him out, searched him, but found nothing on him—I took him to the station.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. You heard the landlady lock the door? A. Yes, because the keys were on a bunch—She was inside and I outside—I heard her pull the keys out—I went round my beat two or three times, and then saw the light—it was then about one o'clock—it was nearly an hour between the house being locked up and my seeing the light—when I went inside I saw a man in the bar with a light-nobody went outside the door but me—I never left the door—I am sure there was not two men—there are winding stairs down this place, rather deep—it would

not be a very awkward place for anybody to go down in the dark—I had a lantern when I went down—it is a regular staircase.





JAMES LAMBOLL
 (City police-constable, No. 511.) At a quarter past two o'clock I went to the Black Buy and Horseshoe—I found Gozzard at the door, and left him there with a brother officer while I went inside and aroused the inhabitants—the landlady, the barmaid, and the boy came down—I went into the bar with the landlady, and found a screw-driver lying alongside the till, which was on the floor—I was called to the water-closet by Gozzard, and found the prisoner there—I took him out, and searched him—he said he had come in there a little after nine o'clock, called for half a pint of beer, and asked the waiter to show him down, and he supposed he had fallen asleep—the stairs are rather steep.

Cross-examined. Q. You found no housebreaking implements on him? A. Nothing but a broken knife—it was apparently tie screw-driver which opened the bar door-nothing could open the street door but a false key—I found marks of the screw-driver having been used on the bar door, and also a little dinner knife, which the landlady owns.





ELIZABETH IBBERSON
. I am the wife of Christopher Ibberson, and keep the Black Boy and Horseshoe, in the parish of St. Nicholas Acorn. I was aroused by Lamboll—I found the bar door open, which I had locked overnight, the lock was forced—I found the screw-driver on the floor—I had left a silk handkerchief and a tea spoon in a locker in the bar—they were removed, and placed on the floor by the side of the drawer—about ten o'clock at night three men came in to be served—I think the prisoner was one of them—he might have remained in the house from that time—my waiter's name is George Shriven—he was not in the house when the men were there—he never sleeps there—I waited on them.

Prisoner. It was the potman that showed me to the water-closet. Witness. His name is Broughton—he is not here—he said he did not show him down stairs—the front door was barred inside as well as locked and bolted—it must have been opened by some one inside the house.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.
