



480. 




GEORGE DALY
was againindicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of May, 52 yards of woollen cloth, called buckskin, value 13l. 13s., the goods of 



William Jamieson Anson, his master.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the goods of 



James Hargrave and others.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.





WILLIAM JAMIESON ANSON.
I am agent for the firm of James Hargrave and Company, of Leeds, and carry on business in Wood-street, Cheapside—there are three partners—I receive property from their factory at Leeds regularly, and am responsible to them—the prisoner was my porter for rather more than two years and a half—about the 10th of December I took stock, and found myself short about one hundred and twenty yards of woollen cloth called buckskin; in consequence of that, something passed between me and the prisoner, and in consequence of what I heard, I discovered some property at the pawnbroker's—I received a duplicate from Mr. Nussey, in the presence of the prisoner's brother—I have kept it ever

since—the prisoner was not present—his brother had given it to Mr. Nussey at that interview.





CHARLES BOND.
I am shopman to Mr. Bartram, a pawnbroker in Princes-street, Soho. I have two yards and a quarter of buokskin, pawned on the 6th of May, in the name of John Freer—I took it in, and the duplicate was written by the boy—I do not know who pledged it—I have no belief on the subject—it was a man—the prisoner has often pawned at our shop, and always in the name of John Freer—I have some other property, pawned on the 20th of May, about the same quantity, in the same name—I cannot say whether it was pawned by the same person—the prisoner has pawned many things similar to this, buckskin and cloth—I know him by sight, but do not know whether he pawned these articles or not—he has pledged buckskin on every occasion that he came—the duplicate of the pledge on the 6th of May is in the hand-writing of a person in our shop—it was affixed to the property I have produced—the one produced by Mr. Anson corresponds with it, and is the ticket which would be given to the person pawning on the 6th of May.





STEPHEN DALY.
I am the prisoner's brother—I am a tailor, and live in Dorset-place, Pall Mall East. My brother gave me this ticket, and I gave it to Mr. Nussey, on the Thursday night that be was charged—I received it from my brother at the latter end of May or beginning of June—he wished me to take care of it—it was a duplicate, similar to this—I cannot say this is the same—I have rather a doubt of it—I did not look particularly at the ticket I gave Mr. Nussey, and cannot say whether this is the ticket or not—I had it until December—I did not see Mr. Nussey hand it over to Mr. Anson.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN.
Q. Where was Mr. Nussey when you gave him the ticket? A. At my lodgings—the prisoner was present at the time, no one else—I kept the ticket in a box belonging to myself—there were six or seven other duplicates there—I am not sure I gave Mr. Nussey the same ticket I received from my brother in May.

MR. PAYNE.
Q. Did not you tell me you gave the ticket you received from your brother to Mr. Nussey? A. I gave Mr. Nussey a ticket, and to the best of my recollection that is the same ticket.

COURT.
Q. Do you remember who was the pawnbroker? AI cannot charge my memory with that—I asked what it was that was pawned, and received no further answer than that it was kerseymere.





WILLIAM DAY.
I am shopman to Mr. Newby, a pawnbroker, in Drurylane. I produce two yards and a half of buckskin, pawned on the 25th of August, in the name of John Freer, for 6s.—I took it in, and wrote the duplicate, and to the best of my belief the prisoner pawned it—I also produce two yards and a half pawned on the 14th of September, for 5s., to the best of my belief by the prisoner, in the name of John Field.





JOHN EWELL.
I am shopman to Mr. Stephens, a pawnbroker, in Wardour-street, Soho. I produce some buckskin pawned on the 28th of July, in the name of Freer—I cannot say who by, but to the best of nay belief it was the prisoner—I have three quantities pawned in the same name on the 13th of September, which I believe was pawned by the prisoner—and another parcel pawned on the 21st of October—I cannot sty who pawned that—I did not take it in—it was in the name of Freer.





GEORGE FREDERICK LAMBERT.
I am shopman to Mr. Burgess, of Long Acre. I have a piece of buckskin pawned on the 12th of August,

for 6s., in the name of Jhon Freer—I cannot say who pawned it—I have no knowledge of the prisoner—I have no belief who pawned it—I have seen the prisoner before, but I cannot remember where—I cannot say whether I have seen him at my master's.





WILLIM COWDEROY.
I am shopman to Mr. Lawton., of Green-street, Leicester-square. I have five pieces of buckskin, the first was pawned on the 29th of July, another on the 22nd of August, another on the 23rd of September, another on the 28th of September, and another on the 2nd of November—four of them are in the name of Freer, and the other in the name of Creer—I do not know who pawned any of them—I have a faint recollection of the prisoner by sight, but not as pledging them—I think I have seen him at my master's—his face is familiar to me—I have no doubt I have seen him there.





ALFRED BROUGH.
I am shopman to Mr. Harrison, a pawnbroker, in Wardour-street, Soho. On the 13th of August, a piece of kerseymere was pawned in the name of Davis, and on the 26th of September, a piece of buckskin in the name of John Freer—I cannot say who pawned them—I took in the last one—I have no recollection who pawned it—I do not know the prisoner's person.





EDWIN AUGUSTUS HEWITT.
I am shopman to Mr. Walmsley, a pawnbroker, in Drury-lane. I produce a piece of buckskin pawned on the 24th of October, for 8s., in the name of John Freer—I cannot say who by—I never saw the prisoner to my knowledge.





WILLIAM PETHEBIDGE.
I am shopman to Mr. Hedges, a pawnbroker, in Drury-lane. I produce a piece of buckskin pawned on the 8th of October, for 10s. 6d. in the name of John Freer—I do not know the prisoner—I have no belief about him.





JOHN TICKNER.
I am shopman to Mr. Young, of Princes-street, SohO, I have a piece of buckskin pawned on the 29th of October, for 8s., in the name of John Freer—I cannot say who by—the prisoner's person is familiar to me—I cannot say he pawned the article—I am not aware of having seen him at my master's shop—it may have been there, or it may be in the neighbourhood.





FRANCIS SPICE.
I produce three pieces of kerseymere, pawned in the name of John Freer, one on the 30th of August for 8s., another on the 22nd of October—I took both in—I cannot say who pawned them—I do not know the prisoner—I never saw him in my life to my knowledge—I did not take in the third piece—that was pawned on the 8th of August, in the same name.

MR. ANSON
re-examined. I have examined the articles produced—I have the pieces they were cut from, and have no doubt of their being mine—they are all buckskin—it is kerseymere, but it is figured as well—it is of the same texture as kerseymere, but different in pattern.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN.
Q. How old is the prisoner? A. I think about twenty years of age according to his own statement—he has been in my service rather more than two years and a half—mine is a pretty extensive concern—I have a good deal of property at the warehouse—he did not sleep there—I trusted him very much with the care of property—he was frequently left in care of it for a week at a time, with 4000l. or 5000l. worth of property—I paid him 10s. a week—he had not so much when he first came—I rose it every year—I spoke to him about it when I missed the property in December.


Q. Did you tell him if he would communicate to you all that he had done, he should not he in the slightest degree hurt, prosecuted, or proceeded against? A. I stated to him that if he would communicate to me how he had disposed of the property, and who his accomplices were, and if that information led to the recovery of the property, I had no with to prosecute him—(looking at a paper)—I did not write that paper—I signed it, and gave it to him—it was written by Mr. Nussey, a brother of one of the partners, and dictated and composed by-Donaldson, the inspector of police, who he called in.
(Read)—"I, William Jamieson Anson, promise and pledge myself, that provided George Daly, now in the employ of the said William Jamieson Anson, makes known any circumstance or circumstances connected with, or proving a recent felonious robbery of sundry cloths mentioned in a certain handbill or placard, and belonging to my employer or employers; or In other words, any circumstance or circumstances connected with a robbery of any property belonging to my employer of employers aforesaid, in which I haveat any time been concerned, either directly or indirectly, do promise as aforesaid to forgive him, the said George Daly, and not prosecute as✗sorting to law, in any Court of Justice, him, the said George Daly, provided he, the said George Daly, do make known the whole of tie circumstance or circumstances aforesaid; or do make known, without disguise or dec✗it, the possessors, or purchasers, or receivers of the said cloths, or property, which may in any way or manner tend to lead to a recovery of the said property without purchase.
"Dated this twelfth day of December, in the Year of our Lord, one thousand eight hundred and thirty-nine, at No. 106, Wood-street, Cheapside, London. Signed by me, WILLIAM JAMIESON AMBOR✗"Witnesses—THOMAS NUSSEY, WILLIAM GEORGE WHITMARSH, JOP✗ TOD HUNTER.


Witness. After delivering that paper to the prisoner, I allowed himself to go to his parent's house—Mr. Nuseey gave him some money when he left me—he was told to go horns and collect his ideas, and write out all he knew of the matter—he was soon after taken into custody.

COURT.
Q. When did yon give that paper? A. It was given to him en the 12th of December, when it is dated—he was taken into custody about the 15th—this is the placard be refers to in the paper—(looking of it)—(The placard stated, that on the night of the13th of November cer✗✗ superfine black cloths, of the value of150l., had been stolen from the prosecutor's premises, and offering a reward of twenty guiness for the disme✗y of the offenders, and the recovery of the property.)—The paper was written about eight o'clock in the evening, and the prisoner was allowed to go home, but one of the policeman in Dorset-place, Charing-cross, where his brother lodges, had been informed of the robbery, and they took him that night, and the policeman came down to me—he did not bring me the paper—he asked if I had given one—I told him I had, and the prisoner was allowed to go at liberty—he came back to me the following day, to make the confession—he was about to make a statement to me, and I said, "You appear too much excited to do it now; go home and write it down"—Mr. Nussey went that afternoon and took him—I was not present—I was shown a paper containing information about this property.





WILLIAM GEORGE WHITEMARSH

re-examined. I produce it—I did not show it to the prosecutor—I believe a copy of it was shown him.


MR. ANSON
re-examined. I received a copy of this from the prisoner after he was in custody—I think it is in the hands of my solicitor—(read.)—"I, George Daly, on my oath do now declare, before my master, Mr. W. J. Anson, to tell all I know concerning the robbery, at No. 106, Wood-street, Cheapside:—Mr. Bartram's, of Princes-street, Soho, in the name of Freer, three or four cuts of buckskin; Mr. Young's, of Princes-street, Soho, two or three of cloth, in the names of Davis, or Freer, four or five cuts buckskin, and one or two cloth; Mr. Stevens, of Wardour-street, Soho, in the names of Davis, or Freer, four or five cuts buckskin, and one or two of cloth; Mr. Harrison, of Wardour-street, Soho, in the names of Davis, or Freer, five or six cuts of buckskin, and three or four cloth; Mr. Clunes, of Brydges-street, Covent-garden, in the names of Davis, or Freer, three or four cuts of buckskin; Mr. Sayers, of Drury-lane, in the names of Davis, or Freer, three or four cuts of buckskin; Mr. Newby, of Drury-lane, in the names of Davis, or Freer, three or four cuts of buckskin; Mr. Walmsley, of Drury-lane, in the names of Davis, or Freer, one cut of buckskin; Mr.——, of Drury-lane, in the names of Davis, or Freer, two or three cuts of buckskin and cloth; Mr. Aldous, of Berwick-street, Soho, in the names of Davis, or Freer, three or four cuts of buckskin, and one or two cloth; Mr.——, of Green-street, Leicester-square, in the names of Davis, or Freer, three or four cuts of buckskin, and one or two cloth; Mr. Flemings, of Brewer-street, Golden-square, in the names of Davis, or Freer, one or two buckskin; Mr. Archbutt, of Westminsterbridge-road, in the names of Davis, or Freer, one cut of buckskin; Mr. Ashby, of Long-acre, in the names of Davis, or Freer, three or four outs of buckskin; Mr. Burgess, of Long-acre, in the names of Davis, or Freer, one or two cuts of buckskin, and one cloth."—It was on the receipt of this paper I was led to discover my property—it was written prior to his being taken into custody.

MR. PAYNE.
Q. When you first mentioned to the prisoner the robbery, which took place on the 13th of November, what did he say? A. He seemed very much excited about it, and said he hoped it would be found out, and so on—I did not ask whether he had any participation in it—I had no suspicion of him—I bad suspicion in the morning after he came to me, for he came to me a few minutes after he had received the keys of the warehouse, and asked if I locked it over night—I said, "Yes"—he said, "Well, the warehouse-door is open, and half-a-pile of superfine blacks is gone"—I immediately went to the warehouse, and found it was quite dark, the shutters not being down, and 1 could not myself have discovered that the pile was so much reduced—I have not found any of the property lost that night—he has given no information of the property mentioned in the placard.

Q. Why have the man taken into custody after he had given you the account of the things, but given you no account of the robbery of the 13th of November? A. The reason is, I told him that what he had put on the paper was not what I meant; I wished him to confess about the robbery of the eleven ends of cloth—he said he knew nothing of it—I said, "Well, I am not bound by the promise I gave you, " and I took him myself to the station-house—two yards and a half of buckskin would be worth 13s. or 14s.—the prisoner did not board with me.




GUILTY.Aged 19,—


Transported for Twelve Years

