




1932. 




EDWARD AUSTIN
 and 




ALFRED BAILEY



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Brandard, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 1 ring, 4 coats, and other goods, value 18l. 15s., his property: Bailey having been before convicted.


MR. PARNELL
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN BRANDARD
. I live at 41, Ampthill-square, and am an artist. On the night of 10th Sept. I went to bed between twelve and one o'clock—I went round the lower part of the house and found it all safe—I was awoke about five—I found the street-door and the parlour-door open, and missed shirts, coats, and other things—these two shirts and this handkerchief are mine, and were stolen that night.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. When do you recollect having seen them? A. The afternoon before—I had placed them on the drawers—I was going out of town next day.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLER. Q. I believe you have had several attempts made at your house? A. Yes—not since the prisoners have been in custody.





JEREMIAH LOCKERBY
 (policeman, S 180). On that morning I went to 41, Ampthill-square about nine o'clock—I found a footmark on a chair in the dining-room—I went to Somers-town, and saw the two prisoners in Wilson-street—I called them to me, and walked a little way with them—I took

Bailey to the room where I saw the footmark—I took the boot off his foot and made a mark on the chair by the side of the other mark—it exactly corresponded—I measured it—I asked Bailey if he had ever been in that room before—he said, "No;" he should like to come in—when I made the impression with his boot, he said, "If that don't do, I have another pair at home, you had better try them"—I told him he must go the station—he said he would not go, and said he had been in bed from nine at night till nine in the morning—I found this shirt on him—it is marked" J. Brandard, No. 6."—I found this handkerchief on one of the prisoners, I believe on Austin—I asked Bailey where he got that shirt, he said his father gave it to him—he said be would not go to the police-court; the sergeant said he should have a cab, and he said it was the last he should have.

Cross-examined by
MR. MELLER. Q. What kind of a chair was this? A. A horsehair bottom—it was not dusty—there was the clear print of a bootmark on it—the mark was white—I took Bailey's boot off, and made another mark like it by the side of it—when I was questioning him he might have said, "I should like to come in this crib"—he did not say," I should like to crack this crib"—he said, "I should like to come in this place; here is something here worth having."





JAMES MASON
 (policeman, S 168). I produce this other shirt, which I took from Austin—he said that on the night before he was asleep with Bailey till twelve o'clock, and he then left him and went home—I asked him if Bailey came out with him—he said he did not—I had known Bailey before.





CHARLES GOULD
 (policeman, S. 374). At twenty minutes past four on Tuesday morning, 11th Sept., I saw the door and window of 41, Ampthill-square open—I rang the bell and alarmed the prosecutor.





PAUL PRITCHARD
 (policeman, N 237). I produce a certificate of Bailey's conviction at this Court by the name of William Kennedy—(read—Convicted May 1848, and confined twelve months)—he is the person.

AUSTIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—



Confined Nine Months.

BAILEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.

