




218. 




ALFRED EDWARD MOORE
 was again indicted with 



JOHN BENCH



 for a conspiracy.


MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE DUNCAN
. I am of the firm of Boyd & Duncan, of Great Guildford-street, Southwark—we are emery and glass paper-manufacturers. On 25th Sept. Moore came to me—he pave his name "Alfred Edward Moore"—he said he was a grocer and draper, and lived at 2, St. John's-street, Colchester—he gave an order for emery and glass to the amount of 4l. 14s.—he wrote an address for me on the back of a card, which I gave to Bench—Moore said that if I would inquire at Bench's he vvould give me a good reference—he said he lived at No. 4-1, Francis-street, Newington Causeway—Moore said after I had seen Bench he would call again—I saw Bench at No. 44, Francis-street, Newington—I asked him if he knew anything of that party, producing the card at the same time—the name "A. E. Moore" was on it—he said he, knew him ever since he was a boy, and he wished to know what was the nature of the transaction—I told him, and he asked what quantity of goods he required—I said, probably 20l.—he said he was perfectly good for that, and he would have no hesitation in trusting him for that—I was satisfied with that—I believed Moore to be a grocer and draper at Colchester—I packed up some emery and glass paper to the amount of 4l. 14s., and Moore called and took it away—I afterwards received a paper from him, dated Sept. 28, signed Alfred Edward Moore—I gave it to Cross, the officer—I received the paper by hand—in consequence of that paper I went to 44, Francis-street, Newington Causeway, to make some inquiries of Bench—that was the latter end of September, two or three days after the order was received—Bench was gone, and the house was shut up—I returned home by the Blackfriars-road, and 1 saw Moore in Blackfriars-road standing outside an ironmonger's shop, measuring some stoves—I stopped a few minutes till he had done, and then called him—he did not answer—he walked on—I went and stopped him and asked when he came to town—he said, "Yesterday"—I asked if he had been calling at our place, as I had been out some time—he said, no, but ho would do so either that day or to-morrow and give me some money—he said I was to have the order ready that he wrote for, and he would take it away to-morrow when he came to pay me the money—he asked what was the reason I had not sent him the goods he wrote for—I had received but one paper containing an order—this is it (read—"No. 2, St. John's-street, Colchebter, Sept. 27, 1848. Messrs. Boyd & Duncan. Gentlemen, Having a friend of mine coming to town, I have forwarded this letter by him, so that if you have not sent the sweetmeats and liquorice I will thank you to let him have it, so that it will not cost me anything for carriage, and at the same time send me one ream more of emery cloth paper and half a cwt. of your best glue, for I have orders for some. I shall be able to send you a post-office order for 6l. next Wednesday. By attending to this you will oblige, yours respectfully, Alfred E. Moore"—This letter enclosed a card, on which was "A. E. Moore, Grocer and Draper, 2, St. John's-street, Colchester"—Moore came to me shortly afterwards, and I gave him into custody—about eight or ten days after I met Bench in Gravel-lane—when he saw me he made to run away—I got the assistance of a policeman, and gave him in charge.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUGHES. Q. Look at this piece of paper; is it your handwriting? A. Yes—(read)—"Received of Mr. Moore—4l. 14s. for

goods sold. BOYD AND DIIXCAN. "—this is my invoice—I recollect attending at the police-office, and the evidence I gave there—I saw Cross, the policeman, there—we probably might go to a public-house to drink after the Court was over—after I left the public-house I went down to Southwark-square with the policeman—a female went with us, who had called at our shop—she represented herself as Moore's wife—she stated there was some person coming to pay me some money—I did not receive any money from her, but from Foster, I believe—I got one sovereign and an I O U.





HENRY GEORGE
. I am a stone-merchant. Moore went by the name of Johnson to me—I saw him on 20th Sept., and then he represented his name to be Johnson, residing in Friar-street, Union-street, Blackfriars-road—I saw him again on 3rd Oct.—he did not say where he had been between then and 20th Sept.





HENRY BARKY
 (policeman, A 455). I have known Moore by the name of Matthews.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you ever know him in custody? A. No, but I have seen him use a house where thieves go.





SAMUEL CROSS
 (policeman). Moore was given into my custody by Mr. Duncan—he said he must go, he supposed; it was a bad case—I found on him this pocket-book—I went to Friar-street, Union-street, Blackfriars-road—I made inquiries—he did not live there.

MOORE—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.


BENCH—


NOT GUILTY
.
