



433. 




THOMAS SPICKMAN
 was indicted

 for embezzlement and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution,






MARY ANN BALDWIN
. I am the wife of Frederick Baldwin, and live in Bath-street, City-road. We dealt with Mr. Watson for beer, which the prisoner brought—we always paid for it, as he brought it—on Friday morning, the 18th of December, about ten o'clock, the prisoner brought a pint of porter, for which I paid him 1 1/2 d.—he brought another pint the same day, which I paid him for, and in the evening I paid him 4 1/2 d.—next day he brought a pint of porter, for which I paid him 2 1/4 d.—on the Saturday, at dinner-time, I paid him 3d.—he came to me about four times every day—I was not in debt to Mr. Watson one farthing for beer—the prisoner never

brought me a bill, in which I was charged 2l. odd—on the 21st of December, Mr. Watson came to our house, and waited till the prisoner came with the beer—I paid him 1 1/2 d., and said, "Now, I owe you nothing"—he nodded his head, and said, "Yes"—he was then taken into custody.





ELIZA STREEK
. I am bar-maid to the prosecutor. Mr. and Mrs. Baldwin have been customers for some time—on the 18th of December, I sent them some beer by the prisoner—if he received 1 1/2 d. and 4 1/2 d. on the 18th of December, or 3d. on the 19th, he did not account to me for it—it was his duty to do so.

Prisoner. Q. Did I ever pay you any money for Mr. Baldwin? A. Yes, frequently—you paid me 1l. 6s., but that is a long time since—it had no reference to this payment.





WILLIAM WATSON
. I keep the Eight Bells public-house, in Ironmonger-row, St. Luke's—the prisoner was in my employ—it was his duty to take beer to Mr. Baldwin's, and immediately to account to me, or to my bar-maid for it—I found Mr. Baldwin owed me between 2l. and 3l., and gave the prisoner a bill—in consequence of not receiving it, I went on the 21st of December to Mr. Baldwin's, and waited till the prisoner came with the beer—he was paid, and Mrs. Baldwin said, "Now I owe you nothing"—he assented to that—I had him taken, and the bill I gave him enclosed in an envelope, was found on him—he had told me when he returned, that Mrs. Baldwin said, Mr. Baldwin was out, and when he came home she would give it to him—he never accounted to me for what was paid him on the 18th or 19th.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-sergeant G 20.) On Monday, the 20th of December, I accompanied Mr. Watson to his house, and took the prisoner—I found on him 10s. 8 1/2 d., and this bill amounting to 2l. 8s. 7 3/4 d.—Mr. Watson gave him into custody for embezzling various sums of money—the prisoner said he unfortunately had lost it—I said, What, on the occasion you received it?—he said, No—I asked him how he came not to deliver the bill—he made no answer—in going from the station to the police-court, he said, "Let him make the best and the worst of it, he can only make a debt of it."

Prisoner's Defence. I was unfortunate to lose money on one or two occasions, and could not pay this money in consequence of customers being in my debt—I was not always paid when I took the beer, sometimes the lodgers would pay and sometimes Mrs. Baldwin; it has been so before, and other bills have been paid, such as 5s. 6d., and 1l. 6s. on one occasion: I have got money owing to me now; in fact, I have lost a great deal.





JAMES BRANNAN
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction by the name of Thomas Frederick Henry Spackman, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read.)





JAMES COOPER
. The prisoner was my apprentice, and I prosecuted him—he is the same person who is referred to in this certificate.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
