



1819. 




JOHN SHARRATT
 was indicted

 for stealing 2000lbs. weight of cotton, value 25l., the property of the 

East and West India Dock Company, his master.


MESSRS. PRENDERGAST
and
WILDE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH SUTTON
. I am in the employ of the East and West India Dock Company. The prisoner was a foreman in their employ—in May last I remember some bales of cotton arriving by the Euxine— I saw it unloaded about the 11th of May—the prisoner had the management of making the cotton merchantable—that commenced on the 11th of May, and was completed

pleted on the 22nd of May—it is done by taking the damaged cotton from the bales—it is laid in heaps and afterwards put into baskets—the prisoner was foreman of the warehouses Nos. 5 and 6—the sale of the cotton took place on the 16th of May—I was not present—I have some warrants and other documents, which I got from Mr. Dixon, the superintendent—these warrants for eleven mats are in the prisoner's handwriting, all except the signature of the merchant—it was his duty to make out these documents—(This warrant was dated 24th May, for eleven mats of cotton pickings, imported in the Euxine, among them Nos. 3066, 3067, 3068, 3069, 3070, 3071, and 3072)—this warrant expresses that delivery may be made to the person entitled to it, but anybody presenting it is entitled to the goods—the weight is expressed in the warrant—the mats should contain cotton pickings and sweepings—in the course of business the cotton comes in bales—I never knew good cotton in mats—I did not see these mats weighed—they are always weighed, and the weights expressed on the face of the warrant—on the 19th of June I saw some mats in the warehouse which had been found at Blackmore's and Hamilton's, and saw them weighed—No. 3066 weighed 1 cwt. 1qr. 19lbs. of sound cotton, 3067 2cwt. 3qr. 15lbs. sound cotton—we did not weigh the damaged portion that was on the top of those bales, and some bales were all sound—3068 weighed 2cwt. 2qr. 41bs. 3069 lcwt. 3qr. 5lbs., 3070 3cwt. 0qr. 13lbs., 3071 1cwt. 3qr. 5lbs., 3072 3cwt., that was all sound—the inclusive weights of the mats, as originally marked, were 1252lbt.—" the weights when I examined them were 1777lbs., all sound, which is an excess of 525lbs.—he had no authority to alter the contents of the mats as originally packed—I have been in the Company's employment between thirty and forty years—I went to the warehouse in Fenchurch-street with the superintendent of the police on the 19th of June and found the mats I have described—we found seven mats still in the "warehouse which ought to have been delivered—those were found on the 29th of May—they were all perfect weights and every thing right—they ought to have been delivered to Blackmore according to the warrant—they bore the original marks—five of them were smeared over with a brush—they contained cotton pickings, and tallied perfectly with the description on the face of the warrant.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. These warrants are made out by the prisoner? A. This is made out by him—it is not particularly his duty to make them out—it is done by whoever is directed to do it—the signature to it is "Gregson and Co."—that is the writing of Tullock, one of the Company's clerks—he refers to the book and sees who is entitled to the goods—after making out the order it is delivered to Gregson and Co. or their agent—they are the importers, and the real owners—there is a duty of 4d. a cut. on cotton—on their presenting the order and warrant the goods are delivered—Gregson and Co. are the persons making any sale which may have taken place to Black more by their agent—Blackmore is a cotton merchant, residing, I think, somewhere about the Minories—I did not go there myself to find the cotton—I speak of the weight after it was brought to the Fen-church-street warehouse—I should say Blackmore was a respectable merchant to all appearance, and in a large way of business—I have known him fifteen or sixteen years—I know nothing of his private affairs—I saw him at one of the examinations at the police-court—his solicitor called the Magistrate's attention to his being present—the counsel for the Company said they could not bring any charge against him and declined calling him as a witness—if cotton was placed into mats for the purpose of delivery I should say it must be done by more than one man—they would not have the warrant in their hands at the time they packed it—the warrant is copied from a book which has the weight—the weight is ascertained by the prisoner himself—I have the book

here in his handwriting—the numbers and weights in the warrant correspond with the book—the clean cotton is never packed in mats—the labourers act under direction of the prisoner, who is the foreman—they ought to have known this was irregular.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. It is the prisoner's business to make out the warrants and take the weights? A. It is his business to weigh them, and enter the weights in a book, and to pack the cotton pickings in packages—it is his duty to see them correctly marked—Mr. Blackmore was not asked any question at the police court—he was desired to give any explanation he thought fit, but referred them to his solicitor, Mr. Humphreys—nobody proposed to call him as a witness.





JAMES DIXON
. I am at the head of the police in the East and West India Docks—I received information on the 29th of May, in consequence of which I went to the warehouse, No. 6, which had been superintended by the prisoner—I found there, among other things, Nos. 3066, 3067, 3068, 3069, 3070, 3071, and 3072 bales of pickings—they were weighed, and corresponded with the weight fixed against the number in the warrant precisely—the numbers were smeared over with ink, which obliterated the original marks of the number and weights—they are in Court now—as they stood the smeared marks wen not placed outside, but there were other marks on them, which had no connexion with any cargo which was landed in 1844—these marks must have been put upon them, and were "40,489," signifying the 489 ship arrived in 1840—those marks were external—on removing the packages, I discovered the smeared marks, and found they contained cotton pickings of the weight named on the warrants—I went to Mr. Blackmore the same day, with Mr. Williams and Jupp—Blackmore took us to his warehouse, and there I found packages marked "8066," "8068," "3069," and "3071 "—they did not tally with the weights in the warrant—when I took them to the warehouse, they weighed more in the gross—they altogether varied—the mass was good cotton—Nos. 3068 and 3071 were entirely good cotton—in the other two the majority was good, with damaged at the top—the inside was good—good cotton is worth about four times the damaged—I afterwards went to a Mr. Hamilton's warehouse, in Dunster-court, and found the other three number—they weighed double the quantity marked on the warrants, and the cotton was nearly all good—3070 and 3072 had the greater portion good, with bad put in the top—it was so in the bulk, wherever there were pickings they were at one end—I had it all removed to the Company's warehouse—I found the bags of pickings with correct weight in the Company's warehouse, and the cotton at the two places on the same day.

Cross-examined. Q. These articles must have gone away in carts? A. Yes.





DANIEL GILL
. I am in the employ of the Dock Company—in May last I delivered a cotton bale to Helson's town cart, by Blackmore's order, No. 410, an original bale, and 3066, 3065, 3075 mats, which were cotton pickings, according to the warrant—I found them on No. 6 shed—they were re-packed there—they are put there for delivery, according to practice.





JAMES DIXON

re-examined. I did not observe No. 410 in the warehouse—I found it at Blackmore's—it had been unpacked, with a little damaged on the top, and the greater part inside was sound cotton—410 was a bale, the others mats—here is a wanant to deliver it to Blackmore—it is called "4th class damaged;" but the one found with that number is good cotton, with damaged on the top—I did not find any No. 410 on the Company's premises.





JOSEPH SUTTON

re-examined. This warrant is in the handwriting of George Cooper.






NICHOLAS NICHOLAS
. I am a preferable labourer at the Docks, and was acting in the warehouse, No. 6, on Saturday the 25th of May—the prisoner was the foreman there—at the commencement of the day I was ordered to press the bales of cotton—I continued there till about two, when he ordered me to the back of the warehouse, to assist in filling mats with cotton—I took a portion of it out of the original bales, to put into the mats—he saw ne do it, and directed me to do it—I put what I took out of the bales into mats, suspended to receive it—there was a man to tread it down close into the mats—it was sewed at the top, and removed to another part of the floor—I cut one bale of good cotton open by direction of the prisoner—I assisted to take the whole of it out of that bale to put it into the mat—the prisoner did part of it—I could not say whether he remained there the whole time—the cotton is always in fakes in the original bales—he saw the flakes put in—I made no observation to him while it was going on—he told me there was an onto that he should leave the Docks and go to the town warehouse—he remained at the Docks the whole day, on the 25th—but I did not see him on Monday the 27th—I gave information of this on the Wednesday morning—I had thought more about it on the Sunday, and on Monday still had some doubt there was something wrong—on the Tuesday the goods were delivered, and 1 saw one which I thought weighed 3cwt., was marked "lcwt. lqr. 271bs.," (that was afterwards found on Hamilton's premises,) and I gave information the first thing on Wednesday morning, before I went into the Docks—I am not quite certain of the number of the mat—I do not remember that I pointed that bale out.

Cross-examined. Q. To whom did you give information? A. Mr. Knight, the superintendent—I never saw sound cotton packed in mats before—I thought it might be legal, that the foreman might have a proper order,. but the difference in the weight of the package increased my suspicion—the weight was not put on the package while I was there, to my knowledge—I never said anything to one Collins about the prisoner.





CHARLES PARROTT
. I am in the employ of the East and West India. Dock Company. About the 25th of May I remember being employed with, the prisoner in No. 6 shed, treading in some mats of cotton—I trod in one by the prisoner's directions—some other mats were being filled—he was giving general directions to fill them—the cotton was taken from a bale, which was open when I went to it—he told me to fill from that We into the mats—there were pickings placed on the top of the mats—it was my duty to act under the prisoner's direction—this took place at the back of the shed, behind some West India bales—when the mat was packed, the prisoner removed it himself—I went by his side, steadying it on the truck—at that time there was no mark on it—I bad observed several mats of pickings in the warehouse at this time—I went out of the shed, and when I came back I saw the prisoner marking the bale which I had been filling in—I observed one of the other mats was marked "3070"—I saw him erase the marks on the other mats, and place on them a "G" in a diamond—I do not know what the previous mark was—here are the mats I saw—I saw him erase more than one mark.





CHARLES JUPP
. I was present in the Docks on the 25th of May, at No. 6. warehouse, acting under the prisoner's order—I saw the other men taking cotton out of the bales, and putting it into a mat which was filled in, and afterwards run to the right hand side of the warehouse—they were afterwards removed to the left hand side, and remained there till the 98th of May, the day of delivery—I saw three of those mats afterwards at Hamilton's ware-house—one of them contained all good cotton, and two had a little pickings

on the top—the cotton had been put into them by the prisoner's order—I helped to do it—I saw one of them at Blackmore's—that contained more than three parts clean cotton, and a little pickings put into the mats by the prisoner's orders—the cotton was put into the mat by the prisoner's order, I am sure—I observed some mats which had the marks smeared out with ink—they were left in the warehouse—I did not see that done, but I saw the prisoner mark some of those packages on the front, the marks of which had been smeared out.





WILLIAM HEATH
. I am a preferable labourer at the Docks. On the 25th of May I received orders from the prisoner to fill mats with cotton—I assisted in filling one, and saw three or four filled—I received directions from him respecting No. 410, to put pickings into the top of it—it contained sound good cotton.





JOHN HOSIER
. I am a carman. I received the packages from Gill, took them to Mr. Blackmore's, and delivered them to young Mr. Black more, who is between twenty and thirty years old, I should say.





JAMES DIXON

re-examined. Cotton pays a duty of 4d. a cwt.—I do not know when the merchant pays it—it must be paid before it leaves the Dock—I always understood that all cotton pays the same duty, whether pickings or good.





ROBERT JAMES ROUSE
. I am clerk to the broker who sold the cargo of the Euxine—lot 42 was a bale of 4th class cotton, damaged—Blackmore bought that at the sale—that particular lot was sold as a bale at so much per lb.—"44" was bought without reference to the quantity, at 3/4 d. per lb., as pickings—the price good cotton sold for at the sale was 3 5/3 d.—people invariably look at the goods at the Docks before they buy.
(Samuel Edwards, of Limehouse; William Baker, James Grant, Richard Bull, and George Sunley, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.

