



792. 




CHARLES EDMONDS
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



Matilda Potter, and attempting to discharge at her a pistol loaded with gunpowder and a leaden bullet, with intent to murder her.—2nd COUNT, stating his intent to be to do her some grievous bodily harm.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






MATILDA POTTER
. I am a widow, and reside with my mother, in Bridgehouse-fplace, Southwark—she keeps a coffee-shop—the prisoner lodged at her house, but ceased to do so on the 7th of Oct.—during the latter part of that time he paid his addresses to me, and I saw him at the house from time to time since he left—I was examined at the Police-court on the 16th of Jan.—about six weeks before that he was at the house—I told him my friends did not approve of his visits, and I did not wish him to come any more—he said if he did not have me, no one else should—I have told him since that his visits were not approved of—on Sunday night, the 14th of Jan., I saw him at my mother's house, and told him he must not come again, I should not speak to him if he did—he wished me good bye, and said he should not come any more—on the Monday morning the shop was opened about six o'clock—he came in, and said he had come to see me again and bid me good bye, he should not come again, I should see his corpse before night—my mother came into the room directly after, and said if he did not leave she would charge a policeman with him—he then went away—at five that evening he came through the coffee-room into the bar, and said, "I am come to see you again"—I said, "I see you have"—he had both hands in his coat-pockets—my mother was in the room—he repeated the same words to her, "I am come to see you again"—he then began to abuse her—she told him not to make a disturbance he would disturb the gentlemen in the coffee-room—I said, "Charles, why do you act in such a manner?"—I did not notice any reply—I was standing up, in the act of drawing some coffee, which was on the stove, by the side of the fire, and heard the snap of a pistol which he presented at my left ear—I was standing sideways to him—I heard the snap, turned my head, and saw the pistol within two or three inches of my ear—I felt a pain in my ear for two hours after, from the sound of the snap—my mother flew up to him directly, and pulled his arms back—Davey, who was in the coffee-room, came in and took the pistol out of his hand.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. How long had he been paying attention to you? A. Four or five months—he took a ring off my finger on the 14th of Jan.—I do not suppose he wore it, for he brought it back next morning—my mother and sister were in the room when this occurred—he had to come through the coffee-room to come to where I was—there were more than, half a dozen people in the coffee-room—I have heard him talk about dying for me—he said he had an affection for me—I do not know that it was in strong terms—on the Friday morning before this, I think I gave the prisoner a new shilling to give to my child—I did not tell him it would be the means of ingratiating himself with my mother—he had promised her something, and I gave it him to give her—these two letters are my handwriting, I think—I have not expressed a strong attachment for him—I told him I must see a great alteration in him—he had never before said I should see his corpse before night—he had only one pistol, as far as I know.





SARAH WILLET
. I am Mrs. Potter's mother. I did not know the prisoner till he came to my house to lodge on the 27th of May—he occupied a bed-room on the third floor, furnished—while there, I perceived he was making advances to my daughter—I did not approve of it, and gave him notice to leave—he left on the 7th of Oct.—after he left he occasionally came to the

coffee-room to take his meals, but very seldom—I told him I disapproved of it—on Monday morning, the 15th of Jan., I saw him there, and ordered him out of the bar—he bid me good bye, and said I should not see him any more, or something to that effect, and left—he came again about five o'clock in the after-noon—he had a great-coat on, and both hands in the pockets—when he came in at the door he came up to me, and said he was come—I said, "Charles, don't make any noise, you will disturb the gentlemen in the coffee-room"—he was then in the bar, which is a small room we have for the family—he had come through the coffee-room into the bar—I told him I would charge the police with him if he made a noise—on that he turned from me—I do not know what he said, but he then turned from me to my daughter—I do not recollect that he said anything at that moment—he bid me shake hands with him, then turned to my daughter, and said to her, "Here I am again"—she said, "Don't make a noise"—I was sitting on a chair—I lifted my head up in a moment, and saw him holding the pistol to her left ear—I jumped up, and pulled him from her—I did not hear any noise from the pistol, for my daughter Louisa screamed loudly, "Pistol!" and ran into the coffee-room—I cannot tell whether she screamed before or after I lifted up my head, I was so frightened—I ran up to him, and seized both his arms, pushed him to the bar-door to get him into the coffee-room, and Davey, who was in the coffee-room, came up and took the pistol from him—there were several more in the coffee-room—when I pulled him from my daughter he had the pistol to her ear—he looked over his shoulder, and said he would serve me the same—the people in the coffee-room secured him till the policeman came, which was in about a quarter of an hour.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you ever before told any body he said he would serve you the same? A. Yes, several—I mentioned it before the Magistrate—my daughter is a widow, and has not much to give away—I do not think she ever gave the prisoner a shilling.





LOUISA WILLET
. I am the daughter of the last witness—I was at home on the 15th of Jan.—the prisoner came in the morning, and again in the afternoon—I saw him come in—he went up to my mother, and said, "I am come to see you again"—he had a great-coat on, and his hands in his pockets—he then went up to my sister, and said the same—she said, "Charles, don't make a disturbance here"—I then saw him present a pistol at my sister's ear—I did not see where he took it from—it was not the handle that was at her ear, it was the other end—I screamed out "Pistol!" and ran into the coffee-room.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you remember his once pretending he had taken laudanum? A. No—I recollect about two months before, mother saying something of their being afraid he had taken some poison—I have seen my sister mending his clothes now and then—I and my mother have called her a great fool for doing so.





ROBERT DAVEY
. I am a printer, and work a few doors from Mrs. Willet's, and take my tea there—I was there at tea about five o'clock on the 15th of Jan. with Swift—the prisoner came in, and passed into the back room—I shortly after heard a scuffle—Louisa came running into the coffee-room before that, and said he had got a pistol in his hand—I looked up, and saw him and Mrs. Willet behind him—I saw the pistol in his hand—he was attempting to raise the hammer up again, which was down—there was a cap on the nipple—I took the pistol from him, raised the hammer up, and took the cap off—a constable came in—I gave him the pistol—the cap was split a little at the side—it had not exploded—I think the nipple was too large—the cap was perfect, and the detonating powder in it—I handed the cap and pistol to

the police—I stood guard over the prisoner with others till the policeman came—I asked him if the pistol was loaded—he said, "Yes, with powder and bull," and said he intended to have shot her and himself too—he called Mrs. Willet a d—d old b—h—they were speaking together when I went up to them—I do not exactly recollect his saying any thing else—I saw the pistol in the Magistrate's hands, at Union-hall—he examined it, and a little dust and powder came from the end of the barrel when he unscrewed it—it had then been drawn.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you notice the touch-hole? A. Not till I was at Union-hall—I did not notice that it was clogged up—the Magistrate asked the inspector whether it was clogged or not, and looked at it.

Q. Are you sweet on this widow? A. That is my business.

MR. CLARKESON. Q. Have you paid your addresses to her? A. No.





JOSEPH CLARKE
 (policeman.) I was at Mrs. Willet's house on Monday afternoon, the 15th of Jan., and received the prisoner in charge—I produce the pistol and cap which I received from Davey at the house—I asked the prisoner if it was loaded—he said, "Yes, with powder and bail"—the inspector examined it at the station in my presence—the ball laid on the powder—the inspector took it off—here it is, and the powder.

Cross-examined. Q. Was not the touch-hole clogged up? A. It was foul—it would not act—he did not tell me he bad wetted the powder to prevent it acting.





WILLIAM THOMAS TOPP
. I am inspector of the L division of Police. I was on duty at the station in Tower-street, Westminster-road, on Monday evening, the 15th of Jan., I examined the pistol produced by Clarke—I unscrewed the barrel, took out a bullet and powder—I am acquainted with the use of pistols—there was a full charge of powder in it—the powder was fine and dry—I emptied it on the hob—I afterwards swept it into the fire with a pen and it exploded—I was present when the prisoner was before the Magistrate—after the witnesses had been examined he was committed for trial—as he was going away Mrs. Potter was there—he used threatening expressions to her—I cannot give his exact words—it was that something should ring in her ears here-after—he would give her something that would ring or tingle in her ears hereafter.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you examine the nipple of the pistol? A. Yes, it appeared to be foul and clogged up.

MR. PAYNE. Q. To what extent was it clogged? A. To no extent, the surface of the nipple was clogged up with some iron-rust as it appeared—it was not in the same state as it is now.

JURY. Q. Did you observe any thing when you swept the powder into the fire? A. The usual explosion.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Fifteen Year



Before Mr. Justice Coleridge.

