



1974. 



ARTHUR ROWAN HAMILTON
 was indicted

 for unlawfully obtaining from 



James Wood the sum of 500l., by false pretences.—2nd COUNT, for obtaining an order for payment of and value 500
l.

MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES WOOD
. I reside at Woolwich, and was formerly an officer in the marines. I am now on half-pay—I am owner of a farm called Woodlands, at Hawley, near Reigate, in Surrey—that farm was about to become vacant on the 29th of Sept.—it is rather more than fifty acres—I spoke to Mr. Tanton, a veterinary surgeon, who was attending a horse of mine, about finding a tenant for the farm, and he introduced the defendant to me as a person likely to take it—I first saw him on the 27th of March—Tanton brought him down to me at Woolwich—Tanton introduced him to me as Captain Hamilton—we had a conversation on the analysis of some poison; and I said to him,"Are you a doctor or captain?"—he replied "I am Captain Hamilton, of her Majesty's 5th dragoon-guards"—he staid and took dinner with me—I saw him several times afterwards on the subject of the farm, and while these communications were going on I mytelf made inquiry at Cox and Greenwood's, the army agents, on the 1st of May, respecting the character of Captain Hamilton, who I thought I was dealing with—after that inquiry I continued to receive him as Captain Hamilton of the dragoon-guards—I considered him a trump card—I introduced him to my family during his visits to me—I eventually agreed to let him have the farm—Mr. Nokes, of Woolwich, acted as my solicitor in that transaction—this

agreement, which is dated 14th May, 1845, is the bargain that was made for taking the farm—there is some brick earth on land of mine adjoining the farm, and both on the 27th of March, and the 3rd of April, the defendant spoke to me about making bricks—he said, the very first day he came, that he thought my earth was very fine for making bricks—he proposed, that if I advanced 500l. he would begin to make the bricks forme—he said he should be satisfied with fifteen per cent. for his trouble—I was to have the remainder—he said he thought I should make 5,000l. a-year by it—I advanced him 500l. for that purpose, on the evening of the 14th of May—I dated the check the 15th, on my banker's, Sir Claude Scott—this is the check—it has since been returned to me as paid—about three weeks after, he applied to me for 500l. more, for making bricks—he said he wanted more capital, and pressed me very much; and on the 3rd of June, after a great deal of pressing, I gave him 500l. more—before I advanced the first 500l. he said he was on leave of absence from his regiment for that time—he said so both in April and May, that he could get as much leave of absence as he liked, because he had got the Colonel under his thumb, he had assisted him out of a scrape with a lady—I think he mentioned the colonel's name as Scarlet, but will not be certain—my inducement to part with the first check, was because I thought I was dealing with a man of the highest honour and integrity, and a captain of the 5th dragoon-guards—no other consideration would have induced me to do so—I believed that representation of his to be true—I would most decidedly not have parted with the check if I had not believed his representation, that he was Captain Hamilton, of the 5th dragoon-guards—he said on the 3rd of April that he had been abroad in India, at Cabul, and had been severely wounded there—he said nothing about the Welsh riots at that time—while he visited at my house, I had a Miss Douglas, of Glasgow, staying at my house, a distant relation of mine—the defendant got a tenant for a furnished house of mine in the north, a Captain Barclay—he said he had got a very eligible tenant for me, and sent me down there to prepare it for his friend—when I returned, I found Miss Douglas had left my house, and the prisoner also—he came down again afterwards—he returned tome afterwards—I saw him myself at Mr. Douglas's, the father of a young lady, at Glasgow, in uniform, with spurs, trousers, and a sabre—I went down on the 16th or 17th of June, and ordered the house to be repaired, and then went to Glasgow—Captain Barclay declined taking the house afterwards—it was in July I saw the prisoner in Scotland in uniform, after I had advanced both these sums—he took possession of the farm, and began brick making.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Are you on half-pay now? A. Yes—I am still a captain of the marines—my suspicions were first excited when in the north, in July, when I saw him there in regimentals—I ascertained that he was not Captain Hamilton on the 4th of August, when a document was put into my hand, I saw the handwriting was not his—I had ascertained the fact before, but it was proved then—I felt quite sure he was not Captain Hamilton on the 4th of August; I had suspicion before—Mr. Keene is my present attorney—he has only been so this year—an advertisement brought me to Mr. Keens's office, I think in March or Feb.—I consulted him on that business—I knew he had been defending a brother officer—I cannot say whether he was Mr. Douglas's solicitor—I had gone before the Magistrate respecting this, on the 4th of August—I went in company with Mr. Keene to the Police-court—I do not recollect whether

Mr. Douglas was there—I do not think he was, but he was a good deal with me at that time—I went to Bow-street once with Mr. Keene, alone—I went with Mr. Keene and Douglas to Marylebone-offlce.

Q. Did you make any charge against the defendant at Bow-street, or did Mr. Keene, by your direction? A. I left it all to Mr. Keene—I did not go there to charge the defendant with obtaining a watch from Miss Douglas, by false pretences—I went wherever my solicitor told me—I might have accompanied Mr. Keene when he went about that business—I know nothing about the watch—I accompanied him several times, and did not know what he was doing—I know there was something about a watch—I think I went with Mr. Keene to get a warrant on this charge, but they would not give us one—I gave no notice to the defendant, I left it to my attorney—I have not given evidence before a Magistrate on this charge—I preferred a bill before the Grand Jury in Aug.—I suppose Mr. Keene gave the defendant notice of it—I left it all to him—I preferred two bills, one in reference to the agreement for the farm, which is dated 14th of May, 1845—the bricks were talked about the very first day he came to my house—the first 500l. was paid on the evening of the 14th, after the agreement was entered into—I do not know that he has been sued in a civil Court to recover the 1000l.—I left it all to Mr. Keene—I never received a card from the defendant, nor ever had one of his cards in my possession—he never paid me anything for the land—he got it from ray tenant—he was to pay me 50l. a-year for the farm, for fifty acres—(looking at the back of a card)—I will not swear this is not my writing here—if I was obliged to swear, I should swear it is not—I will swear it is not my writing—I do not remember the memorandum that is on it—it is not like my writing—this "J. Wood" on it is not my writing—(looking at an affidavit)—this is my writing—(looking at several letters)—part of the third of these, dated 14th of May, is not my writing—the letter is my writing, but not this part—two lines, with my name signed to them, is all a forgery—here is a memorandum on the same letter which is not my writing.

Q. Had you any conversation with the prisoner on the subject of your being a partner in this brick-making? A. Yes, I said I never would be a partner—I never proposed to him to be a partner, and never agreed to be so at any time—I would allow nobody to be a partner with me—there was a conversation about partnership—he wished to become a partner—he wanted to make me a partner, for he said it would be "Wood and Hamilton"—I said, "No, it must be in your name, and in the bank too; I never will be a partner"—I meant the funds in the bank were to be in his name—he told me he had made bricks before—the money was obtained to turn part of this field into a brick-field—it was to be used for that purpose alone—I never would have entered into the speculation if I had not considered him a responsible person—he had previously represented he was perfectly acquainted with brick-making—I went to Sir Claude Scott, with whom I had just cleared off a debt by the sale of some timber, and borrowed the money of him at 5 per cent. to meet the check—I never went to see the field till I returned from Scotland, on the 5th of Aug.—I had trusted entirely to the defendant's honour—I knew nothing of it, nor what was necessary to be spent on it—there were not half so many bricks as I supposed on the field—I cannot say whether there were 100,000—if they had been burnt properly, I dare say they would have fetched 300l.—I go by other people's opinion—I know nothing of it—I have not seized

the bricks—after he was apprehended there was a seizure for duty, which was about 40l. or 50l.—I believe there were four or live horses on the premises—I took steps, by the suggestion of my solicitor, to prevent the money being withdrawn from Sir Claude Scott's—there is about 400l. there—I have no memorandum given me by the defendant in reference to the money at the banker's, nor have I destroyed any memorandum—I knew the defendant had letters in his possession from Miss Douglas—the last time I went to Woolwich I told him he ought to restore them—I think that was about the 5th of August—he said he would never part with them as long as he lived.

Q. Since this charge has been preferred, have you over and over again offered to withdraw from it, if the letters were returned? A. Never once, nor instructed my solicitor to do so—I have not applied for their return—they were offered to be returned once—I never directed anybody to apply for them—I am positive—I was introduced to a Miss Tanton, who proposed something about the letters—Mr. Tanton was not present—I believe I mentioned to Mr. Tanton that if everything was given up I did not wish to bring him into Court—I had no wish to expose him, and be put to the enormous expense I have—I have not got the letters—I know nothing of the prisoner's having an engagement with Miss Douglas—I had a conversation with the prisoner about her fortune—I never told him I had found a nice little wife for him, or anything to that effect—I think I may venture to swear I did not—I never said I had ascertained the amount of her fortune—I do not recollect saying she was a girl of large fortune—I do not. know that we had any conversation about the amount of her fortune—I did not say it was 30,000l. or 40,000l., nor anything of the kind—I never said if he married her, what was to be done with part of her fortune—I deliberately swear that—nor that it was to be made available for the brick-field.

Q. Did you tell him, "If you marry this girl you will be able to throw so much more into the brick-field?" A. I do not know; I do not recollect anything of the kind—I never did say so, I am positive—I did not tell him I had considerable influence with her father, nothing of the kind that I am aware of—I think I may safely swear it—I do not recollect saying I would use my influence with her father on his behalf—it may have happened—I do not recollect his saying he did not care a farthing for my influence, he could get the lady without it—I remember no conversation that could lead to such a thing—I am to pay the expense of this prosecution, and not Mr. Douglas—I employed Mr. Keene—the prisoner collected some rent for me, and paid some bills out of it—he collected twice as much as he paid—he paid Collards' six guineas for the hire of a piano—he asked for power to collect my rents—he saw Collards' bill, and said he would pay it—he said he had rente, and I told him to pay it out of them.

MR. BODKIN. Q. What amount of rent did he collect? A. I think he received between 15l. and 16l. together—the advertisement I was introduced to Mr. Keene by was about an estate that was to be sold—the name of A. R. Hamilton, brick-maker, was on the brick-carts, and nothing else—I made an estimate of the expenditure on the brick-field, and if the bills had all been paid it would have amounted to 270l., but none of them are paid; they have all been sent to me—I have been put to the deepest distiess, and a bailiff sent down to seize my furniture—when Miss Douglas was staying at my house I believed the prisoner was a captain of the 5th dragoon-guards—I always considered him a brother officer, and wrote to him as such.






JOSEPH TANTON
. I am a farrier, and live in Gray's Inn-road. I know Mr. Wood and the defendant—I was aware Mr. Wood had a farm to let—he spoke to me about a tenant for it, and I introduced the prisoner—he went down with me to Captain Wood's, and I introduced him—I knew him as Captain Hamilton, not of any regiment—when I introduced him to Mr. Wood I do not know that I mentioned any name—I might say, "Captain Hamilton" and "Captain Wood," and I believe I did—in the course of our interview there was a conversation about the illness of a horse—the prisoner spoke on the subject—he and Captain Wood went to the infirmary to examine the horse—the prisoner said he thought it had been poisoned—in the room at the time we went down, Captain Wood was going to introduce him to Mrs. Wood, and said, "How shall I introduce you; as doctor?" but the rest I did not hear, as the door closed, and I was left in' the little parlour—the prisoner is connected with my family—I said to him, "I will tell Captain Wood you married my daughter"—he said, "No, don't tell him that now, he might think I want something of him, but I want nothing more than I will pay for."

cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. I believe you have since discovered that he is not married to your daughter? A. I am told so—I have nothing to prove it—Captain Wood told me he had two or three farms in Surrey, and I introduced the prisoner—it was not at the prisoner's application—I knew nothing about the bricks—I went with the prisoner to buy some materials to make bricks with, tools and barrows—I saw him pay for them—I do not know to what amount—I saw them—I should think they were worth from 15l. to 20l.—he had never told me himself that he was Captain Hamilton of the dragoon-guards—the introduction I made of him was in consequence of something my daughter told me—I have known Captain Wood twenty-four years—I know his hand-writing, but could not swear positively to it—I have had many notes from him, but could not take on myself to swear to his handwriting—I should think the writing on this card (looking at one) is Captain Wood's hand-writing—I could not swear to it—I believe it is Captain Wood's; I think so; I do not know—I have no knowledge of handing that card to the prisoner—I never, to my knowledge, received a card from Captain Wood to hand to the prisoner—I know nothing about the card.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Pray, how long have you known Captain or Mr. Hamilton? A. I should think two years, by seeing him, but not personally to speak to him till since last March—my daughter has been living with him since last April—I had reason to believe he was married to my daughter, until lately, from what she told me—I cannot say when I was disabused of that—I did not know she was not married to him at the time I took him to Captain Wood.

COURT. Q. When you said to him, "Shall I tell Captain Wood you have married my daughter?" did you believe he bad married her? A. I did.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. That was when you introduced him to Captain Wood? A. Yes, I did not know him by any other name than Captain Hamilton—I did not know him as Dr. Ayton—I am not quite satisfied now that he is not my daughter's husband; it is about a week or ten days ago that I was first told they were not married—she continues to live with him up to this time, as far as I know—they live in Duchess-street, Portland-place, No. 8 or 9—they have lived there ever since last April or March, when my daughter left my house—she is living there with him up to this time from what I know—I do not know Mr. Lane, the

attorney, of Argyll-street—I have not been to his office—I have never been shown any of these papers.





WILLIAM NOKES
. I am a solicitor, and live at Newington. On the 7th of May last I received instructions to prepare an agreement for a lease to let a farm, from Captain Wood to the defendant—I saw the defendant on that occasion—Captain Wood stated that he wished me to prepare an agreement for the farm, as he had agreed to let it to Captain Hamilton—the defendant was present—it was at Captain Wood's house—I was sent for there—on my first entering the room, he introduced me to him as Captain Hamilton of the dragoon-guards—in the course of conversation I asked the defendant, whether I should describe him as of the dragoon-guards?—he said, "No, not of the dragoon-guards; we are not now on military business; I reside in Duchess-street, Portland-place"—he did not say who he was—Captain Wood introduced him to me as Captain Hamilton, of the 5th dragoon-guards.

Q. Endeavour to recollect what passed, on your asking if you should describe him so in the lease? A. He said, "No, as we are not now on a military business, I reside in Duchess-street, Portland-place, therefore describe me as living there"—those were the words, as near as I can possibly recollect—an appointment was made for the following week to sign the agreement.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. I believe he said, "Of Duchess-street, Esquire." A. Yes, I so described him—I mentioned to Captain Wood that I had done so—I was not directed by Captain Wood to prepare articles of partnership—he spoke to me about a partnership—I prepared no articles—Captain Wood refused to enter into partnership—no draft of agreement was prepared in reference to this brick-field that I am aware of—I am not the solicitor for this prosecution—I occasionally practise here.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Captain Wood refused to become a partner; was that on your advice? A. It was.





GEORGE TAYLOR
. I am clerk in the banking-house of Sir Claude Scott. This check, dated 15th May, for 500l., was paid by our house and placed to Captain Hamilton's account.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you see it done? A. No, T did not.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Has that check passed through your banking-house? A. Yes it is crossed with our name—it was entered into Captain Hamilton's account—it is marked as a paid check—at the time it was drawn Captain Wood had an account with us—the defendant opened an account with this check—this is his pass-book—here is 500l. entered to his account that day—here is a check for 500l., dated 3rd June—that was passed to the credit of the same account.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. The account was opened with that check? A. Yes, he did not take the money out then—(looking at the pass-book)—20l. was paid in on the 20th of May, 35l. on the 21st, and 150l. on the 23rd—the first check he drew was for 5l., dated 19th May, but paid on the 21st—I cannot say whether that check was paid before the 150l. was paid in, as it is the same day—the first item debited is on the 21st, 5l.—the 51. was drawn before the 150l. was paid in—the amount altogether paid in by Mr. Hamilton was 1376l. 15s. 6d., including the two 500l.—the balance in our hand is 440l. 2s.—the last sum paid in was 120l., on the 25th June—the checks go down to Aug.—the last sum drawn out was 125l. on the 6th Aug.






CAPTAIN WOOD

re-examined. These are the checks I gave him—the first one has his name on the hack and the second also.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Had you not a tenant named Stacey, to this land? A. Yes—it was necessary to pay him something for the land—I think the rent was 15l.





JOHN CHURCH
. I am of no profession. I live on my means, at No. 67, Great Portland-street—I know Mr. Wood—I dined at his house in company with the defendant on the 2nd of June, I believe—the defendant was introduced to me as Capt. Hamilton, and at table he answered to the name of Capt. Hamilton—he and I were left alone after dinner, and supposing he was either in the Marines or the Royal Artillery, I began to talk about both those corps—when I made some observations about them, the defendant said, "I do not belong to either of those corps; I have a troop in the fifth dragoon-guards."





JOHN HASE
. I occupy the house, No. 1, Frith-street, Soho. I am the landlord—the prisoner occupied part of my house nearly three years—he has left about six or eight months—he went by the name of Dr. Robinson Ayton—I believe he practised there as an accoucheur.





CAPTAIN ARCHIBALD ROWAN HAMILTON
. Some time since I held a captain's commission in the fifth dragoon-guards. I retired from the regiment at the end of last March—I have a brother a lieutenant in the regiment—there is no Captain Archibald Rowan Hamilton in the fifth dragoon-guards except myself—the defendant is no connexion or relation of mine—he was not in the regiment at the time I was.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years, on the 2nd Count.


Before Mr. Justice Maule.

