



2235. 




JOHN SAUNDERS
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 sheep, value 1l. 18s.; the property of 



John Charles Watson.






WILLIAM LYNES
 (policeman R 238.) On Wednesday, the 25th of Aug., I was in a field near Nunhead Cemetery, Deptford—I was dressed in a dark coat, not in my uniform—May, another officer, was with me in plain clothes—I got into a field, and found the prisoner skinning a sheep at the further corner, about a yard from the hedge—he was standing up with a knife in his hand, and the sheep between his legs—I said, "It is a fine night"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "Are you skinning the sheep?"—he said, "Yes—I said, "You are not much hand at skinning a sheep"—he said, "No"—I said, "Lend me the knife"—he asked me if I was a good hand at skinning a sheep—I said, "Yes, I have skinned and dressed a good many for Mr. Covel, of Lewisham; I was two years at it"—he said, "I think I shall be able to manage it"—I said, "Put the knife down, and take hold of the skin, and pull it towards the head, it will come off"—he did not put down the knife, but he took hold of the skin, pulled it up towards the head, and it came off as far as the neck—he then cut the head off, and put the knife down—I then stepped on the knife, took hold of him by the collar, and told him I was a policeman in plain clothes—May took hold of him at the same time—he tried to make his escape from us—with a deal of trouble we tied his hands together, and took him to the station—when I took him, he said he had found the sheep dying and stuck it; that he had a large family, and was out of employment—he had a steel with him—the sheep was quite warm—I suppose it was stuck about seven minutes before I came up—there was a quantity of blood about a yard form the sheep—I put my hand on the blood, it was quite warm—the prisoner had two rush baskets with him, and two or three towels in them, a hoe laid close by him—there was a bruise on the sheep's head from a blow—there were more sheep in the field—there was no public footpath in the field—I took the sheep to Mr. Allaway, a butcher, at Deptford, and he dressed it—I took the skin and head with me to the station-house—the skin was produced before the Magistrate.

Prisoner. Q. You asked me what I was going to do with it. A. I did

not; you said it was dying when you stuck it—there have been three sheep slaughtered besides this, and one taken away.

MAY (policeman, R 296.) I have heard Lynes' evidence—it is correct—I was near enough to hear all that passed.





CHARLES WATSON.
 I am a butcher, in Kendall-street, Old Kent-road—I turned out fifteen sheep into a field of Mr. Cheshire's, about the 2nd of Aug., I afterwards took eight to be slaughtered, seven remained in the field on the night in question—I heard of the prisoner's being found in the field, about one or two that same morning—the two policemen came and informed me—next day I went to the field, and one of the sheep was missing—there were only six there—I went to Mr. Allaway's that same day, and there saw the carcase—I identified the skin at the station-house that same day—this now produced is it—it has the same mark that I put on all my sheep, the wool is just the same, and the brand mark "P"—I believe it to be the skin of one of my sheep—it was a Kent wether sheep, worth 38s.—I went into the field, and saw some blood by the side of the ditch in the corner by the hedge, as if the sheep had been stuck there.

Prisoner's Defence. The hoe I took with the intention of getting work is turnip-fields; the basket I intended to sell, and had been to two or three pawnbrokers with it, but they would not buy it; I was going home at night, and got lost; I went up this place to lie down, it appeared to me like a wood, there being trees there; the sheep laid in the ditch; I felt it, it was warm; I made no more to do, but cut its head off, which I had done to many a one before, though not for the same purpose; I lived with a gentleman who bought upwards if 20,000 a year, and he always told me whenever I found a sheep that had been dead some hours to cut its head off; if I had not been in a state of starvation I should not have done it; I had been two or three days without anything for my children; I know I was wrong in so doing; I had not had any meat for upwards of a month, and for eight weeks not above a pound; still I did not kill the sheep, neither did I steal it, and my intention was to take part of it at a time; it was impossible for me, in the weak state I was, to catch a sheep, neither is there one butcher's man in twenty that can do it.




GUILTY. Aged 41.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Baron Platt.

