



67. 




SARAH LUCAS
. was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of Francis Boott, about the hour of twelve, in the night of the 
22nd of October, at 
St. George, Bloomsbury, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 11 spoons, value 2l.; 1 tea-pot, value 4s.; 1 table-cover, value 3s.; 1 table-cloth, value 2s.; 1 counterpane, value 4s.; 1 shawl, value 5s.; and two books, value 2s.; his goods: 2 gowns, value 6s.; 1 pair of boots, value 5s.; and 1 petticoat, value 1s.; the goods of 



Sarah Chapman: 5 gowns, value 16s.; and 3 petticoats, value 5s.; the goods of 



Elizabeth Chapman.







SARAH CHAPMAN
. I am servant to Francis Boott, of No. 24, Gower-street, Bedford-square, in the parish of St. George, Bloomsbury, it is his dwelling-house. On the 22nd of October I went to bed, between ten and eleven o'clock—the parlour-window and all the house was fastened—I got up about a quarter to seven o'clock—when I came down I perceived the street-door open, and missed the articles stated, some of which are mine and some my master's—the parties had got in at the front parlour window, and out by the street-door—I have known the prisoner some time—she was in the habit of coming to see me, but she never went in further than the hall, to go down into the kitchen.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long have you known the prisoner? A. From my childhood—we were brought up together—I never knew any thing against her—she is the daughter of poor people, who live at East Grinstead, in Sussex.





WILLIAM JONES
. I am a pawnbroker. On the morning of the 23rd the prisoner pledged these seven spoons, and other articles—I asked who she came from, she said from her aunt, who kept a lodging-house in Charles-street.





SPENCER LEE
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce a table-cloth, pledged on the 23rd of October by a woman—I do not recollect who.





RICHARD AVANT
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce a gown and other things, pawned by the prisoner on the 23rd of October.





SARAH CHAPMAN
. re-examined. This table-cloth and other things belong to my master—this gown is my sister Elizabeth's—these boots are mine.





REBECCA CROWE
. My husband lets lodgings. The prisoner took a lodging of us on Tuesday, the 4th of October—she was out all night on the 22nd, and I let her in about ten minutes to seven o'clock in the morning of the 23rd, with a large bundle—I said it was a very wrong thing of a young woman to stay out all night, and mine was a respectable house, I should not allow it—she said she been to a labour all night with a cousin, and that these things belonged to her sister; and she took them from her cousin's, thinking they would not be safe there, as they had got a nurse.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know any thing of any man she was in the habit of associating with? A. She told me when she took the lodging, that her name was Loveless, and she was about to be married—I never saw the man till the Saturday after she was taken—he is not here, he is with his father and mother-in-law, in Park-street.





WALTER DALGEISH
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody on the night of the 23rd, at No. 16, North-street, Manchestersquare, where she lodged—I had found part of the property at the different pawnbrokers previously—I found a tea-pot, a flannel-petticoat, three white petticoats, and a pair of boots which the prisoner had on, which Chapman claims—next morning, as I was conveying the prisoner from the station-house

to the justice-room, she asked if I had taken the roan into custody—I said, "What man?"—she said, "The man I told you of"—I said, "You told me of no man"—she then said the man had got in at the parlour-window, let her in at the street-door, that they both went down into the kitchen, folded up the goods, and took them away about daylight in the morning.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.
