




1590. 




JOHN GREEN
 and 



WILLIAM ATKINSON
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 tea-caddy, value 1l. 10s.; 1 pair of sugartongs, 1l.; 1 caddy-spoon, 5s.; 1 sugarbasin, 4s.; and 1/4lb. of tea, 4s.; the goods of 



Robert James Coxon; and that GREEN had been before convicted of felony.





LOUISA LOVEKIN
. I am servant to Mr. Burridge—his house is nearly opposite to Mr. Coxon's—on the 14th of July, at half-past eight o'clock in the morning, I was at our second floor window, and saw two boys—I should know them again by their dress—I believe they were the prisoners—I saw the younger one with his foot on the top of the area steps, inside the gate—he then went in at the parlour window—I saw him come out again, and he then had something square with a handkerchief thrown over it—he put it under his arm—the other person, who I believe was Green, was outside the gate, near the area—the other person gave the parcel to him, and they crossed and went in a slanting direction towards Russell-square—they went away—I only saw their backs.





SARAH DAVIES
. I am servant to Mr. Coxon, who lives at No. 1, Grenville-street—at half-past eight o'clock that morning I was cleaning the steps—I saw the two prisoners—I saw their faces—there is a public-house next to ours—one of our parlour windows was open at the time—I came up some time afterwards and saw the two prisoners kicking the barrels about—I went out on an errand, and when I came hack I found the tea-caddy, sugartongs, and tea all gone—they were my master's property—some tea and the bill of the tea have been found.





ROBERT JAMES COXON
. I know this bill of the tea—it was under the sugarbasin in the tea-caddy—I missed the caddy, the sugartongs, the glass, and the tea—they were altogether in the caddy—this tea corresponds with mine.

Green's Defence. I was out on business, and was within a few doors of the prosecutor's house; I picked up the bill in the Colonnade-mews; I had had the tea some time; I was taken in the afternoon, and it does not stand to reason that I should have kept these things.





GEORGE WARDEN
 (police-sergeant E 16.) I produce this bill and this tea, which I found on Green when at the station-house.





JOHN ROWE
 (police-constable E 91.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Green's former conviction at Clerkenwell, by the name of William Atwaters—(read—Convicted 23rd Sept., 1845, and confined six months)r—the prisoner is the person.

GREEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.


ATKINSON—


NOT GUILTY
.
