



575. 




JAMES RAGAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
31st of Dec. 9 1/2 lbs. weight of beef, value 3s. 11d., the property of 




William Stoneham.






HARRIET STONEHAM
. I am the wife of William Stoneham, a butcher, in Swan-lane, Rotherhithe. On Saturday, the 31st of Dec., I was in the shop, and turned my back to get a shovel of sawdust—I saw two boys pass the window at twenty minutes before eight o'clock—in about five minutes I missed two breasts of mutton, and a brisket of beef cut in two, from the board outside the shop—I did not see the boys' faces—one was a stout one.





ANN GRIFFIN
. I live at Rotherhithe. Last Saturday evening I was sitting in a room opposite the prosecutor's shop, and saw the prisoner take two pieces of beef off the board—there were three more with him—he was by himself when he took it, and the other three were under our window—I had seen him with them before, standing under a paling—he went over by himself, and took the beef—he brought it across under our window, and tied it up in a handkerchief, and went down Adam-street—I was up stairs at the time—I ran down, went over, and told Mrs. Stoneham—I then ran after them down Adam-street, and caught a little boy who he had given the meat to—he

dropped it, and then the prisoner hit me—he was in the middle of Adam-street, with the other boys—I had seen him give the meat to the other boy—I went up to him, and said, "Where is the beef you took off that board?" and they dropped it—I took hold of the little boy who had it, but the prisoner hit me, and I let go of him, and they all ran away—the policeman caught the prisoner on Monday—I saw him on Monday at the station—I have known him for the last six months by sight, and have heard him called Ragan before that.





MARTHA LACY
. On Saturday evening I was in my room with Griffin—I saw the prisoner run across the road, take the beef off the board, bring it under the window, and give it to a little boy—he then crossed again, took another piece, brought it under the window, and tied it up in a handkerchief—they went down Adam-street—Griffin went after them.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me cross the road? A. Yes, I am sure of it—I did not know you before—there was light from the shop, and in another shop—the butcher's shop had a strong light, and so had the other shop.





THOMAS TOWERS
. I am a policeman. In consequence of information, I apprehended the prisoner on Monday—I had seen him on the Saturday, in Swan-lane, in company with three more boys, from half-past seven till nearly eight o'clock, near the prosecutor's shop—I saw him pass the shop-window in company with three smaller boys—I knew his name, and knew him by sight.




GUILTY
. * Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Recorder.

