



549. 




WILLIAM JACKSON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
2nd of January, 1 watch, value 1l. 10s.; 1 key, value 3d.; and 1 ribbon, value 1d.; the goods of 



Ellen Neeton, from her person.






ELLEN NEETON
. I am single, and am a servant at No. 89, Brunswick-square. Last Sunday evening, about a quarter to nine o'clock, I was returning from John-street chapel, Bedford-row, and passing the Foundling-hospital, I felt my watch taken out of my pocket—there was no crowd—I was not aware that any one was near me till I felt it go suddenly—I directly turned round, and saw a boy and a man behind me—I caught the boy, and asked him what he had got—he directly turned round to the man, and spoke to him—I let go of the boy to convince myself that the watch was gone, and while I did that they both ran up Lansdown-place, which leads by the side of the Foundling-hospital to Brunswick-square—I followed, calling "Stop thief—I lost sight of them—the man was caught in Grenville-street, which goes from Brunswick-square to Guildford-street

—he was caught near the Guildford-street end—when I came up, a number of people had the prisoner in custody—he is the man who was with the boy that took my watch—I am sure of that—when I got up to the crowd, I asked if they had got the boy as well as the man, because the boy took my watch (I had seen the boy at my pocket—I stopped him directly, and asked what he had got—he directly turned round to the prisoner and spoke to him—the prisoner was quite close to the boy, they could touch one another—the boy was not taken) the prisoner was taken to the station—I went with him and saw him searched—a gold watch and chain, some gold rings, and some silver was found on him—my watch was a silver one, and had an old black ribbon to it and a key—I saw it next morning at the station—this is the watch-ribbon and key, now produced—I have had the watch ten or twelve years—it is worth 80s.—I bought it myself for two guineas second-hand—I said the prisoner was the man when I first went to the station—I had no doubt about him—I went home to my master and told him about it—I was afraid to stop any longer for fear of offending my master—before I charged the prisoner I went home and told my master what had happened, and excused myself for being out so late, as he knew chapel was over—my master went back with me to the station, and I charged the prisoner.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you ever seen the person you suppose to be the man before? A. No—I felt agitated when I got to the station—I felt confident the prisoner was the man, but I did not say so at the time—I did not say anything—I felt confused—about twenty persons were assembled when the prisoner was taken—I had never seen the boy before—I think I should know him—I looked at them both.

Q. How long altogether might this take, from the time your watch was pulled out of your pocket till they ran away? A. A very few minutes, because I caught the boy—he did not struggle with me—he was very quiet indeed—he took no notice of what I said or did, but turned round to the prisoner and spoke to him—no violence was used towards me at any time, nor any attempt to injure or strike me.

COURT. Q. What light was there for you to see these persons? A. One of the Foundling-hospital lamps, which is a very clear large lamp—this happened between the two lamps of the further gate from here, by the corner of the pavement, by the side of the hackney-coaches, just where the curb-stone goes round.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Before you charged the prisoner, did not a policeman say, "As sure as fate he is guilty?" A. I do not recollect that—I did not hear any expression of the kind—my master is not here—I do not recollect my master asking the policeman's opinion whether he thought the charge ought to be made or not, and the policeman answering, "As sure as fate he is guilty."





JOHN CAYFORD
 (police-constable E 97.) Last Sunday evening I was in Guildford-street, going towards Russell-square—I was in that part of Guildford-street, which is between the end of Lansdown-place and Grenville-street—I heard a cry of "Stop thief" behind me, turned round, and saw the prisoner running towards me—as soon as he came to the corner of Lansdown-place he took to the right by the inclosure—I kept on by the side of the buildings, but finding he gained ground of me, I called "Stop thief," expecting my brother-constable would hear me—I saw my brother-constable about the middle of the square—he held out his arms to stop the prisoner, and when he came near him the prisoner held up his

arms towards the inclosure, and ran on towards Grenville-street—I pursued, and gained ground on him, but my brother-constable caught him first and stopped him—I searched him at the station and found a gold witch on him—he was asked his name and address but would not give it.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. They offered to make no charge against him if he would, did they not? A. I did not hear that—I was at the station when the prosecutrix first came there—she was asked if she would give him in charge—she said she wished to see her master—I did not hear her say she did not know, she could not say, nor that she did not know whether she would give him in charge or not—she said the wanted to see her master, and know whether he would be angry about her loss of time—she was asked at the station whether she would give him in charge, and we could get nothing more out of her but that she wished to see her master—I was not at the station when she came with her master—I left the station—I saw her master in the charge-room about a quarter of an hour after—I was present when the prisoner was asked his name and address—the prosecutrix's master did not ask, the opinion of any of the officers about it while I was there, nor did I hear any officer say, "I can give no opinion, but as safe as the day he is guilty"—I was not there the whole of the time—I did not hear that said.





THOMAS SHIELDS
 (police-constable E 69.) I was in Brunswick-square on Sunday evening, a little before nine o'clock, and heard a cry of "Stop thief"—on turning round I saw the prisoner running—I went up to him and endeavoured to take him—as I was going to take hold of him, both his hands flew up, as I thought, to strike me—his hands were inclining towards the railing of the inclosure—there is a small foot-pavement by the railing, and he was close to the curb, about two or three feet from the railing, merely the breadth of the pavement—he immediately altered his course, turned, and ran into Grenville-street—I pursued and took him at the end of Grenville-street, near Guildford-street—he was nearly out of breath at the time, and when he spoke he said, "What do you stop me for?"—I held him, and in a few minutes Cayford came up with the prosecutrix—we then took him to the station and searched him—I took from him a gold watch, some gold rings, and other articles, which have since been given up—at the station he refused to give his name and address.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were you at the station when the prosecutrix's master came? A. I was—I did not hear him ask the inspector's opinion whether he should press the charge or not—she pressed the charge when her master came—the inspector and her master spoke together before she pressed the charge, but I did not hear that said, nor did I hear any one say, "As sure as fate he is guilty," or any thing of the kind, and I was in the charge-room a good while—when I stopped the prisoner, the prosecutrix and the other officer came up, and the persons who heard the cry of "Stop thief "—there might have been forty persons—I do not recollect the prosecutrix coming back to the station more than twice—I will not swear she did not leave and come back a second time without her master, and then go and return with her master.





ROBERT LAY
 (police-constable E 44.) I found this watch, ribbon, and key between two and three yards within the inclosure in Brunswick-square about two o'clock last Monday morning—I took a lantern to look for it.

(Witnesses for the Defence.)





EDWARD JONES
. I am a hatter, and live at No. 31, Gray-street, Black friars-road. I have known the prisoner above ten months—he was in my employ eight months, and left two months ago owing to the slackness of business—his character was everything one man could wish to see in another.

JURY. Q. Do you know whether he ever had a gold watch in his possession? A. I have seen a gold watch in his possession, and a ring on his finger.





THOMAS FOX
. I am a carman, and live in Alfred-place, Old Kent-road. I have known the prisoner two years—he lodged with me ten or twelve months, and left me last February, but I have known him since—he always behaved respectfully—there was property of mine which he could have taken.

COURT. Q. Did you notice, during your acquaintance with him, whether he used a gold watch? A. He had not one then, but he had some money left him by a friend, which enabled him to establish a business.
(William Newton, a tailor, of Fitzroy-place, Southwark-bridge-road, also deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

