



623. 




DEBORAH HILL
 was indicted

 for stealing 36 yards of printed cotton, value 18s., the goods of 



John Cunner; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN HOOPER
. I am shopman to John Cunmer—he has no other name, and has no partner—he lives in High-street, Southwark. Last Friday evening, about seven o'clock, I saw the prisoner and another female in the shop—J did not serve her—they came for a piece of ribbon—I saw her served—I observed that she was gone, and afterwards saw her brought back by the constable, who had this piece of print, which I had seen tied to a chair inside the door five minutes before—I know it by private mark—it is John Cunmer's property.





WILLIAM MILLECHAMP
. I live at Grange-villas, Dalston. On Friday evening, the 29th of Jan., I was walking in High-street, Borough, opposite Mr. Cunmer's shop—I saw the prisoner and another female coming out of the shop—when the prisoner was near the door she took a piece of print with her left hand, took it across her bosom, and tried to hide it underneath her shawl—I stopped her two or three yards from the door—she dropped the print—I said, "You have stolen that print, I shall take you back to the shop"—I could not take the other one—I am sure the prisoner is the person who came out of the shop—this is the same print.

Prisoner. You went straight from me to the shop, and picked the print up in the passage, taking me there by the arm, and asked Hooper to give me in charge; you told him there was something else gone, but he said, "No." Witness. I am quite certain I saw you come out of the shop, take the print, and drop it.

JURY. Q. What are you? A. I am out of employment—I was in the police, but left it last week—I was considered unfit for it, in consequence of a weakness in my limbs.





JOHN WISE
 (policeman.) The prisoner was given into my custody, she said no person saw the print on her.


Prisoner's Defence. I went into the shop to buy some ribbon; a young girl with me looked at the print, and I had two yards of print on my arm which I was going to match; I do not know whether we pulled it down or not; the man came and took me.





WILLIAM MILLECHAMP

re-examined. I picked the print up at her feet, on the pavement in the street—I said, "You have stolen it," and she dropped it.

Prisoner. You picked it up in the passage, and I was fourteen yards from the shop when you took me.





HENRY HEWIT
 (police-constable M 82.) I produce a certificate of the the prisoner's former conviction—(read—convicted July 1846, in the name of Julia Sullivan, and confined six months)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY.* Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.


