



2149. 




ELIZABETH WESTON
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Charles Daves, about the hour of three in the night of the 
24th of July, at 
St. Andrew, Holborn, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 2 watches, value 2l. 15s.; 1 time-piece, value 15s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 4 pieces of foreign silver coin, value 5s.; 2 half-crowns, 8 shillings, 16 sixpences, 6 pence, 132 half-pence, and 450 farthings; his property.






CHARLES DAVIS
. I am a victualler, and live in Balls'-gardens, Leather-lane, in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn. On Friday, the 24th of July, I went to bed at one o'clock, leaving all safe—there is a grating in street at the back of the house, which leads to the cellar—it was quite safe that night—the cellar leads to the other parts of the house—I was called up about ten minutes before six o'clock by a private watchman—

—I came down and saw that the grating was removed so as to admit a person—I then looked in the parlour, and found the press broken open, and two watches and a quantity of farthings taken from it—I missed a time-piece off the mantel-piece, some silver from the shop, and about 20s. in silver besides, amongst which were some old sixpences and coins—I lost great number of Irish harp-farthings, which I had been saving up for year s—there was one farthing of the reign of George the Second, and three or four others, which I could positively swear to—(produced)—I swear these are my property—the time-piece, watches, and other property, are quite lost—about three o'clock that afternoon, in consequence of information, I went to the Crown public-house, West-street—the prisoner had been there, but was gone—she had a stall at my door three weeks or a month previous to the robbery, and I had seen her at my house.

Prisoner. Q. Do you know any thing wrong of me? A. I know nothing of you, except that you lived with one of the persons who were indicted with you, but against whom no bill has been found.





HENRY GRANT
. I lodge at Mr. Daves's. I went to bed on the night in question after him—every thing was secure then, the grating and all, for I am very particular in seeing to it.





SARAH SHEERMAN
. I live at the Crown public-house, West-street, Saffron-hill. On Saturday, the 25th of July, I saw the prisoner at our house, I think, between eleven and twelve o'clock—there were several others with her—she asked for half-a-pint of gin, a pint of porter, and a pipe of tobacco—it came to 10 1/2 d.—she paid me forty-two farthings—I put them in the bowl along with others—I heard of the robbery between two and three o'clock in the afternoon—the farthings were given up then to Mr. Davis or the officer.

Prisoner. I did not pay for any tobacco; it was not all in farthings.





ALEXANDER BENSON
. I am pot-boy at the Crown public-house. I saw the prisoner come into the house, and saw her with some farthings in a white handkerchief or bag—there appeared to be a good many—I did not see her pay them.

Prisoner. It is false; it was bread and cheese I had in the handkerchief.





SARAH CHANDLER
. I live in Greville-street, and let lodgings? The prisoner lodged a short time with a man in my house. On the Wednesday preceding the 25th of July there was some rent due—she told me that day that she would pay me on Saturday morning, and on Saturday she did pay me 3s. 6d. in halfpence and 1s. in silver—she went away on the Sunday—she had lodged there a fortnight.





JOSEPH GINGER
 (police-constable G 137.) I apprehended the prisoner, and received this money from the prosecutor—there is a George the second farthing among it—the prisoner said she knew nothing of the robbery, and denied all about the public-house—I received these ninety harp-farthings from Mr. Davis.

MR. DAVIS
re-examined. These are part of what I lost.

Prisoner's Defence. I sell things in the street, and am in the habit of taking great quantities of farthings, and that is how I came by them.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

