



434. 




WILLIAM TAPSON
 was indicted

for stealing 5 handerchiefs, value 2s.; 2 shifts, 2s.; 2 towels, 6d., 1 table-cloth, 2s.; 1 night-cap, 6d.; 1 flannel jacket, 2s.; and 1 pocket, 1s.; the goods of 



Eliza Taylor, from the person of 



Richard Hoye; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






RICHARD HOYE
. I am seven years and five months old—I used to go to school, and know the Lord's prayer—I know it is wicked to tell a lie—I live with my father, Richard Hoye, at Chelsea—my mother takes in washing—I took some linen home to a customer of hers, named Taylor, near Bromptonrow—I had been there many times,—I received a bundle of dirty linen to take home about half-past seven o'clock in the evening—as I went along the Fulham—road the prisoner and another boy spoke to me—they asked me if the bundle was heavy—I said, yes, it made my arms ache a little—the other boy took the bundle, and said to me, "Go and get a pennyworth of pudding"—the prisoner lent the other boy the penny, and he gave it to me—I went for the pudding, and they went off with the bundle.

Prisoner. He said the other boy took the bundle. A. Yes—the other took the bundle, and the prisoner gave the other boy the penny.

COURT. Q. Did you know the prisoner before? A. Yes—I have seen him a good many times—I did not know his name.





MARY ANN HOYE
. I am the mother of this witness—I have a customer named Eliza Taylor—my child has been in the habit of going backwards and forwards to her with linen—he had been very careful hitherto—I never lost anything before this time—I sent him with some linen on the 20th of Dec.—he complained on his return that he had lost his bundle—I went to know what linen it was—I then went to the policeman, and he said, from the description, he had no doubt it was Tapson—some rags have been shown to me by the policeman—I know them quite well—they are the two shifts and the other things mentioned—I could tell, in this state, that they are part of the linen I washed for Taylor—this is part of them.





ANN HUNT
. I keep a rag and marine store-shop in Bond-street, Chelsea—on the evening of the 20th of Dec. I saw the prisoner in company with another boy—the prisoner threw a bundle of rags into the scale, and my boy weighed them—they asked me what I gave for good linen rags—I said 3d. a pound—the rags weighed 3lbs.—I gave 9d. for them—they were the same that Mrs. Hoye has examined—I did not look at them before I paid for them—we very

seldom look at them—they were not very clean, but we have an opposition shop against us, which made me give more for them than I should—they were not worth 9d. as rags—they are torn up into rags—they look recently torn, as if torn on purpose to come to my shop—that raised my suspicion—the second boy came to ask me to buy some handkerchiefs—I did not buy them, and he ran away—I did not find any marks on this linen—I never looked—we put them with the other rags outside the counter—we have a boy to throw the dirty rags out of them, and about once a month or six weeks they go to be sorted, and are made into paper—these were not very clean—they must have been washed.





ROBERT MITCHELL
 (police-constable V 181.) I received charge of the prisoner—I got the pieces of linen from Mrs. Hunt—I went to her on the 24th, and asked if she had had any dirty linen brought lately—she said two lads came on the 20th and sold her some, and she had got them in a bin on the right side of the counter—I said, "This is what I want"—I asked her who she bought them of—she gave me a description of the prisoner—Mrs. Hoye saw these things—she identified them, and they have the mark of E. T., which is still to be found on them.

Prisoner's Defence. What few things I sold her I picked up in a court close by her house.





HENRY HILL
 (police-constable B 176.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted 7th Jan., 1845, and confined six months, six weeks solitary)—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.

