



1949. 




WILLIAM MORGAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
9th of August, 25 sovereigns, the monies of 



Robert Churcher.







ROBERT CHURCHER
. I live at Godley, in Somersetshire, and am a farmer. The prisoner lived servant with my father—he had been living with us about nine weeks—I had a box, locked, in my bed-room—I saw it safe and locked last Sunday week, the 9th of August—there were some silk handkerchiefs in it—I did not see the money that day—I had seen it about a fortnight before—there were twenty-five sovereigns, wrapped up in a piece of white paper, in one corner—I went on Monday morning, the 10th, to examine the box—it was then unlocked, and the money gone—the prisoner had left our house on the Sunday evening, without notice—he agreed with us at first for one month, and then he agreed till next Michaelmas—he left about one month's wages due to him—I came to London, and found him at the Bell and Crown inn, in Holborn—I sent for a policeman, and he was taken—there was 16s. 6d. found on him—he lodged in the next room to that in which this box was-two other servants lodged in the house with him, who are still at home.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you see the money in the box a fortnight before? A. Yes—it might be three weeks—I do not think it was more—I took a sovereign out from twenty-six—I cannot undertake to say that it was not more than a month before—I know I had the key in my pocket—he was quite a stranger when he came to us—I had not seen him with above 1s. or 2s.—it was locked safe on the Sunday morning when I went there to put on my clothes for church—I am sure I locked it—I suppose it is a common kind of lock—the box did not exhibit any appearance of having been forced open—he had no box—he had no clothes but a sleeve-waistcoat and a spare shirt—he brought no box to us he came to us without any character—we do not inquire about characters—I am a farmers's son—he had 4s. a week, and we paid him the first month, that was 16s., and then he remained another month—I think it was a month the very day he left—he had not asked for any money in the interim—he had no watch while with us.





JOHN WHITE
. I keep the Bell and Crown tap, in Holborn. The prisoner arrived there last Monday week, by the Bridgewater coach, at eleven o'clock at night—he had his supper, and went to bed—the next morning, when he was going to pay me, he told me he was a stranger, and as I saw he had some sovereigns, I told him he had better let me take care of them he gave me fifteen sovereigns, and in the afternoon he asked me for two to purchase something, and next morning he had one—he had no clothes but what he has on—I kept twelve sovereigns, and gave them to Butcher.





THOMAS BUTCHER
. I know the prisoner—I saw him last Wednesday morning—he wished me to get him a situation—he said he had got no box, he had got a little money, and wished me to take care of it—I went and got the twelve sovereigns from Mr. White—the prisoner said he had been mowing in the country, and earned them.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he not say he saved them from his earnings during the summer? A. Yes.





WILLIAM MASON
 (City police-constable, No. 248.) I took the prisoner, and found on him 16s. 6d., and this watch, which I suppose is worth about 1l.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
