



2602. 




CATHARINE MADDIGAN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
23rd of October, 1 watch, value 2l. 17s.; and 1 guard-chain, value 2s.; the goods of 



John Shingle, from his person.






JOHN SHURGLE
. I live in Carnaby-street. On the 23rd of October I met the prisoner in Holborn, and went with her to a room on the ground-floor of a house in Vine-street, Bedford-square—I had a silver watch in my waistcoat pocket, and a guard-chain round my neck when I went into the room—about ten minutes after I missed them, I called the police—he came directly, and took the prisoner to the station-house—my watch and chain were brought to me by the female searcher—I also lost a half-crown and 2s. from my coat pocket, and 6d. from my trowsers.

Prisoner. You gave me the watch to keep till the morning. Witness. No, I did not—I threatened to beat her brains out on the floor if she did not give me the watch—I called the police, when she would not give it up.





JOHN KEY
 (police-constable G 196.) I heard a call in Vine-street—I went into the room en the ground-floor—I found the prosecutor and the prisoner—the prosecutor charged her with taking the watch—she said she knew nothing of it—I took her to the station-house—the female searcher was employed, and I saw the watch produced.





MARY ANN REDMAN
. I am the wife of Henry Redman. I searched the prisoner between four and five o'clock en Friday morning, and found a silver watch and guard, and 3s. 6d. and 1 1/2 d. in money—the watch was under her arm—she kept her arm very tight—I undressed her, and did not find it—I still thought she had something about her—I gave her pocket, and then I saw her arm was tight—she was telling me a story of another girl that was with her who had the watch, and that she had not got it—I took up her arm, and said, "Here is the watch, how can you tell me such a story?"

Prisoner's Defence. I had it in my bosom; he gave me 1s., and said he would pawn the watch in the morning, and give me more; I had the half-crown myself; he only gave me 1s.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.
