



2469. 




THOMAS LARARD, alias
HOBSON
, was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
6th of January, 3 watches, value 12l., the goods of 



Thomas Massey, his master.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS MASSEY
. I am a watchmaker, and live in Birchin-lane. The prisoner was my shopman for twelve or fourteen months—in consequence of something that happened at the latter end of September, I sent for M'Lean, the Inspector, and gave the prisoner into custody—I afterwards went with him to the prisoner's residence in Collier-street—I think he occupies the house, and lets out the first floor—it is a four-roomed house—I saw his tools there—I found forty-seven duplicates, and among them three which the inspector took charge of—(looking at three watches)—these are all my property, and were in my possession while the prisoner was in my service—I had not sold nor parted with them—the prisoner had no right to them in any way whatever.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. I believe your brother recommended the prisoner to you? A. He did—I understand he was in business

for himself before he came to me—I cannot exactly say when I had last seen either of the watches—the one produced by King, was taken in exchange from a gentleman, on the 7th of November, last year—I have an entry of it in the book—I cannot tell when I bad last seen it—I have not taken stock for the last eight months—the prisoner continued in my service from the time I took it in exchange.





FRANCES MC LEAN
. I went with the prosecutor to the prisoner's residence in Collier-street, and found the three duplicates referring to the watches produced.





JAMES KING
. I am a pawnbroker in High Holborn—I have a watch, No. 1001, pawned on the 6th of August—I do not know who by—the young man who took it in has left my service—it it in the name of Charles Ellis, 10, Castle-street—the duplicate produced by the officer corresponds with the one on the watch in all respects, and is the same hand-writing.





THOMAS WENTWORTH
. I am shopman to Mr. Barker, a pawnbroker in High Holborn—I produce a silver watch pawned on the 8th of May, in the name of Charles Ellis, 10, Castle-street—I do not recollect who by—the duplicate produced is the counterpart of the one upon it, and corresponds in all respects.





RICHARD SAYER
. I am shopman to James Sayer, a pawnbroker in Drury-lane—I produce a watch pawned on the 6th of January, in the name of John Ellis, 10, Castle-street—I believe I took it in—I have no recollection of the person—one of the duplicates produced belongs to it.

Cross-examined. Q. Is it your hand-writing? A. No, my brother's—the person taking in the pledge does not always write the duplicate.

M. MASSEY
re-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When had you last seen the watch pawned on the 6th of January? A. I had taken it in exchange on the 23rd of December, 1839, the entry is in my own hand-writing—I was not at home at that time, but I had a partner previous to that—I kept the accounts on in the old book after our separation, they were put into the hands of a solicitor, and I copied the entry out—the original entry was made by the prisoner—I made the entry in January—the watch was then in my shop—I was in Scotland, at the end of last December, for fire weeks—I came home about the middle of January—I left the prisoner in the management of the shop with my brother—I might have owed the prisoner 2l. odd for wages at that time, but I cannot say—this watch was taken in exchange in my absence—he did not tell me on my return, that in consequence of my being absent longer than he expected, and not having paid him the 2l., he was obliged to raise a little money on this watch—he said nothing of the kind—I swear that positively—his wages were 30s. a week—I might have owed him at different times from 2l. to 3l.—I paid him in full, at least, eighteen times out of twenty—there might have been a balance in his hands, but generally he was paid his general weekly wages—I might have owed him something when I went to Scotland, but when I came back, whatever was owing was paid him, and I gave him a sovereign besides—(looking at a book)—on the 8th of August, this year, he only received 1l. when 30s. was due—on the 15th of August 10s. is entered to him, but at that time there was a balance, and a misunderstanding between us—he claimed about 2l. as due to him—I know well he cheated us out of 10s. more than was due to him—I got very warm on the occasion, and said, "You have charged me 10s. more than I owe you, but I will take great care from this time there shall be no more mistakes," and I entered it

in the book, and said, "We will put down now what your wages are, and what you receive"—I gave him 30s. when there was 10s. entered, because I owed him a sovereign—this account does not leave 3l. 0s. 6d. due to him at the time he was apprehended—there is not a balance of 3l. in his favour—the balance is 1l. 8s.—I have his own hand-writing to prove it.

Q. Here is "piece-work, 15s. 6d.? A. That I know nothing of—after a robbery took place he was suspected, and I put him out of my shop—on the Saturday following he was taken into custody—there was no demand made for work done that week—he never asked me for money—as to what is charged against me at that time we never went into the matter—I positively swear he never told me that during my absence he had been compelled to pledge a watch—I never authorized him to pawn any watch whatever—I never knew they were pawned till he was stopped by the officer, and the duplicates found—I will swear I did not give him this watch out of the window, and authorize him to pawn it in lien of money—I did not owe him 4l. on the 6th of August—I do not know that I owed him half-a-sovereign—I will not swear to one or two sovereigns—he did not ask my permission to pawn a watch he had in his own pocket—I once allowed a confidential traveller of mine, named Clifton, who had been in my employ twelve or fourteen years, to pawn two watches, as he wanted money greatly, and said it would be a great favour if it was not convenient to me to let him have money, and I gave him leave—I take my oath that was never done on any other occasion whatever—the prisoner has a wife and one child.

MR. DOANE. Q. Has Clifton left your service? A. Yes, a month or two ago—it is two years ago that I allowed him to pawn the two watches, long before the prisoner was in my service—while he was with me, I never suffered any body to pawn a watch, and had no idea of it.

COURT. Q. When did the last watch come into your possession? A. On the 7th of November—it was pawned on the 6th of August—No. 1955 came into my possession after I separated from my partner—I took the stock, in which it is entered, before I went my journey in November—they were all three in my possession before the 1st of January, 1840.
(Joseph Clements, watch-maker, Oxford-street; Jacob Hewett, livery stable-keeper, Hedgehog-mews; William Walker, Drake-street, Red Lion-square; John Thomas Leat, Duke-street, Manchester-square, silversmith; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY of stealing one watch. Aged 31.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
