




626. 




GEORGE LENNOX
 and 




JOHN JONES
 were indicted for

 breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Linsdell, at 

St. George the Martyr, and stealing 3lb. weight of cigars, value 3l.; and 4lbs. weight of cheroots, 2l.; his goods.


MR. WILDE
conducted the prosecution.






THOMAS WEST
 (police-constable.) On the 22nd of Jan., between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoners and another in the old Kent-road, near Mr. Linsdell's shop—I followed them, and saw them go to the window—the other man was walking by the door—he then left, went, to the window, and looked in at the window—they all left the window—I went by, and saw that it was cracked—I went away to the same place where I had watched them previously, and saw them go three or four times more to the window with the other man—I went to the window, and saw part of the pane had been taken away—I went back again to where I had been watching them, and saw them go there again once or twice—they left—Lennox left first, and it seemed as if there was something bulky under his coat—shortly afterwards Jones left the shop with the other man, and joined Lennox a short distance; before he got to the cab-rank—they stopped at the cab-rank, and got into a cab, and the door was closed—I went to the off-side, and opened the door—as soon as I did so, Jones jumped out, and struggled to get away—he was sitting at the bottom of the cab—I pushed him into the cab again—I saw him in the act of putting his left hand into his pocket—I took his hand away, and felt a bundle of cigars—Lennox was handcuffed, and taken through the cab to the other prisoner—I found two bundles of cigars on the ground, and three or four bundles inside, broken up—another bundle was brought to me by another person—it was picked up where Jones jumped out—I took the prisoners into custody—I had seen Mr. Linsdell's window furnished with cigars before it was broken, and after it was broken I saw there were less cigars—I and another constable watched the window closely—no persons but the prisoners went up to the window, so as to be able to break it—a person went up once, but not near enough to break it.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. were you and your brother constable in your police dress? A. No, we were in plain clothes—we were 50 yards from the window—I did not give information to the owner when I first saw the prisoners, because I thought they were going to take the cigars—I only saw one person go into the shop while I was watching—I was watching a half or three quarters of an hour—I saw the cigars in the window after it was cracked.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How many journeys were there backwards and forwards? A. Eight or nine—the extent of the longest was fifty or sixty yards—I was sometimes down a turning, peeping round a corner—the shop is near East-lane, Old Kent-road, 200 or 300 yards past the Bricklayers' Arms—the cab-stand is at the Bricklayers' Arms, in the middle of the road—I did not hear the noise of the glass breaking—I was 50 yards off—the hole was sufficiently large to take the cigars out—I pushed Jones into the cab—he was

on one side, and Lennox on the other—both doors wre open—I took him through the cab—if I had brought him round, the cigars might have gone—the cab man might have taken them.





JOHAN WHITLAMB
 (police-constable M 89.) On 22nd Jan. I was with West, in plain clothes, and saw the prisoners—there was a taller man with them, who has escaped—they were close to Mr. Linsdell's shop, but on the opposite side of the way—I saw them cross to the shop—I watched them—they went to the window full six times—I am positive of that—on the last occasions, Lennox left first, and after walking 150 yards, was joined by Jones and the man who has escaped—they got into a cab—the two prisoners sat opposite to each other—I opened the cab—Lennox rose up from his seat and a bundle of cigars fell from his lap into the bottom of the cab—he forced me from the cab—door in the first instance—I got him out by force and handcuffed him to Jones—the other man got away.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. What time of night was it when you first saw him? A. Between six and seven—they all went to the window on the last occasion—at the other time, sometimes one went, and sometime the other—on the last occasion their arms were very busy at the window.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Were you up a court? A. No—I was at the end of a public turning—it was not a dark turning—a public thoroughfare—there is a baker's shop near—I did not stand up the turning and look round the corner—West and I were not together—he came to me once or twice, and left me again—I did not hear the noise of glass breaking.





JOHN FORDHAM
 (policeman.) I assisted in taking the prisoners—I found them in the cab, and took some of the cigars.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Were you in your police dress? A. Yes.





THOMAS LINSDELL
. I live at Yeoel-place, Old Kent-road, in the parish of St. George the Martyr, Southwark—I missed some of my property from my shop on this day—I had furnished the window about ten minutes before—there was then a good supply of cigars, and no glass was broken then—about eight o'clock the police came to me—I examined the window—the glass was broken, and a great quantity of cigars gone—I have examined the cigars produced—they are similar to mine—I had sold none from the window—have no doubt of their having been moved away from my window—there was nobody in the shop to have removed them.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. What time the bundles put in the window? A. One bundle at ten minutes before six o'clock, the others were there before—a female served in the shop, not my wife—she is not here—I was out that evening from six to half-past eight o'clock.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you call your name Lindsell? A. No, Linsdell—it is written up so over the shop.

MR. WILD. Q. Have you any doubt of the cigars being your property? A. Not of this bundle, which has "Silvas" written on the band.

MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Why do you speak so positively to the bundle? A. Because they were sent to me that evening, and they are peculiar cigars.

COURT. Q. What quantity did you lose? A. About 10lbs.—I am not in the habit of selling 10lbs. at a time.





THOMAS WEST

re-examined. I am sure the men I saw getting into the cab are the same men I had seen at the window—I caught Jones coming out of the cab—I am sure I pushed the same man in again.


MR. PAYNE. Q. Did not a person get out, and you seised Jones by mistake? A. No.
(Lennox received a good character.)

LENNOX—



GUILTY. Aged 27.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.

—


Confined Six Months.



JONES**—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.

