




151. 




WILLIAM EDWARDS
 and 




WILLIAM BAKER
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Joseph Morris, on the 
15th of Nov., at 
St. Dunstan, Stepney, and stealing 5 waistcoats, value 2l. 10s.; 2 coats, 5l.; 1 pair of trowsers, 1l.; 4 handkerchiefs, 8s.; 2 spoons, 4s.; 1 ring, 5s.; and 1 shilling, his property.


MR. HUDDLESTONE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH MORRIS
. I am a clerk in the City—I live at No. 14, Turner-street, in the parish of St. Dunstan, Stepney—I keep the house—I and my wife live in it. On the 15th of Nov. I and my wife left the house—I left Mrs. West, my lodger, in the house—we returned a few minutes before seven o'clock in the evening—I tried to open the door with the key, and found it was fast inside—I knocked and rang the bell—no one answered—I spoke to my wife, and she went to the corner of the turning—when she was at the corner she called to me—I ran round immediately, and saw the prisoner Edwards dropping from the wall of the corner house—there would have been time for a person to have got over my garden wall to my neighbour's, and to have dropped, from the time I knocked—I laid hold of Edwards—he turned round and attempted to strike me—he ran round the corner—I was still in pursuit of him, and up came another person and stood before me in a fighting

attitude—Ed wards ran on—I still followed, and did not lose sight of him till I he was taken—I went into my house and found the back parlour window open—I am confident it was fastened before I went out—I saw it fastened—I found all my clothes taken out of my drawers and trunks, everything ransacked, there was a bag nearly full with my wife's dresses, and other things rolled up as if to be put into the bag—they were all safe in the drawers and places where they should be before I left—I missed a ring, one shilling, and a little box which contained various little articles of jewellery—I have missed those altogether—the things put in the bag were worth 8l. or 9l., and some things were not put in the bag—I heard the window opened while I stood at the door.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long were you out? A. Nearly four hours—the back parlour is my bed-room—I was in that room just before I went out, and I saw the window was shut—I was in the room while my wife went to the street door—there is a catch to the window—it was thrown back from the inside—persons could get into the house by a key, from the street—an ordinary key would open my lock—my wife is not here—she got to the corner before me—I went in consequence of her calling—she had the first view of what was seen—I was standing at my door—there is no garden in front of my house—the corner is not more than six or eight yards from my house—Edwards was dropping from the wall—he had not reached the ground when I first saw him—my wife went into a neighbour's house—when I first got to the corner and taw the person, my wife was still standing there—she had seen the person's head first on the other side of the wall—she most have seen more than I did, but she could not identify the person.

MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. Did you see the man? A. Yes—I am sure it was Edwards.





MARY WEST
. I lodge at Mr. Morris's. I left the house a few minutes after six o'clock that evening—my daughter went out with me—I am certain I fastened the door when I went out—I pushed it twice to see that it was secure—everything was in proper order before I left—I did not go into Mr. Morris's bed-room—when I returned every thing was turned topsy turvey in my room—the drawers were opened, and everything taken out.





THOMAS JONES
. I live at Stratford, My father lives at No. 6, New Suffolk-street, which is ninety-six feet from the prosecutor's house, and is in a line with the wall the prisoner dropped from—I was at my father's house about seven o'clock on the night of the 15th of Nov.—I was attracted by the falling of glass, from the wall in a direct line with the corner house of Turner-street and Suffolk-street—I saw at the same moment the prisoner Baker rolling over the wall—I took hold of him—I heard a cry of "Stop thief I"—Baker said, "I am stopping the thief"—I said, "It is very unusual to stop a thief by coming over another man's wall"—he challenged me for taking hold of him, and said I had no business to do so—Mr. Antram came out and said, "You came over my wall"—I said, "I have got him, sir"—Baker tried to get away—one of the Thames police came in less than five minutes, and took him.

Cross-examined by
MR. EVANS. Q. How many houses are between No. 14, Turner-street, and the corner of Suffolk-street? A. Three or four—the wall is in Suffolk-street—I was at No. 6, which is on the left hand side, the same side as the wall, and six houses down—I was knocking at my father's door—I did not hear a cry of "Stop thief" till I had got the prisoner—I heard a scrambling, and saw Baker come over the wall—he came from the wall on the ground—I saw him scrambling on the wall—I heard the glass fall with him—the glass and he came down together—he fell on the pavement—I

laid hold of his collar as he was rising—he turned, and told me he was stopping a thief—I am not able to say how many walls there are between the prosecutor's and the place round the corner—the wall is about eight feet high outside, and inside I think about fourteen feet—there is a doorway, and a piece of iron, by which a man could climb up—the wall is five or six feet high—Baker said he was a respectable man, and that I had no right to take hold of him—Mr. Antram came out of his side-door, which is in Suffolk street, within about three yards of the place where Baker fell—the place was not very dark, there was a gas-light opposite.





SIMON EDWARD ANTRAM
. I live at No. 19, Turner-street, at the corner of Suffolk-street. I was in my parlour that evening—I heard a noise of glass, and went to my door, which is in Suffolk-street—directly I got to the street door I saw Baker in the act of rising—Mr. Jones was, 1 think, at his elbow at the time, but, coming out of the light, I could scarcely tell—I examined the other side of the wall in my premises—the man had got up by the door-way, which has three pieces across it—the wall is about one foot above the door.

Cross-examined by
MR. EVANS. Q. The glass did not fall outside? A. Yes—some fell inside and some outside—I challenged Baker with coming over the wall—I did not see him on the wall.





JAMES JONES
 (Thamespolice-constable, No, 29.) I was on duty in Philpott-street, Commercial-road, on the 15th of Nov.—I heard a cry of "Stop thief!"—I went to New Suffolk-street, and received the prisoner Baker—I took him down Turner-street—he put his right hand into his pocket—I said, "Give me what you have got in your hand"—he put up his left hand, and gave me a dab in the mouth—I seized his right hand—he opened it, and something dropped, but what I could not tell—the mob was so great I could not get it—I took him to the station—I found on him a latch-key, and a small key, which would open the drawers in the prosecutor's place—I found on him 5s. 5d., and a small pen-knife.

Cross-examined by
MR. EVANS. Q. What did he say about the two keys? A. He said one was the key of his closet, and the other the key of his chest—I tried this small key to the prosecutor's drawers—it unlocked them—I did not try this latch-key—there is no latch on the prosecutor's door.





JOHN WOOD
. I live in Norfolk-street. I was at home, and heard the cry of "Stop thief!"—I ran out, and saw Mr. Morris running after Edwards, who was opposite me as I came out—we followed him till we took him—we kept him at Mr. Morris's door till the policeman came and took him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How far is this Norfolk-street from Mr. Morris's? A., It turns out of Turner-street, about twenty houses from Mr. Morris's—he was finally stopped in Phillip-street—there was no person running ahead of him in either street—he had nearly got to the corner of Phillip-street when I ran after him—there are turnings in Philip-street.

MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. Did you lose sight of the man at all? A. I did not.





CHARLES BUTLER
 (police-sergeant H 21.) I was on duty in Turner-street—I received Edwards from Mr. Wood—I took him to the station—he said he would make some of us pay for giving him into custody—he said he lived at No. 5, South-row, Carnaby-market—I went, but could not find that he lived there.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you make inquiries after he was locked up? A., I went on Monday morning, when he was in custody—I went without him—I could not find out that he lived there, neither the name nor any one answering the description.






MARK JERVIS
 (police constable K 312.) I produce the property in the bag, and two spoons, which were on a chair—I was on duty in Turner-street that evening at twenty minutes past six o'clock, and saw the two prisoners talking to each other—I was present when the examination in this case was taken—Edwards made a statement—it was taken down—this is Mr. Brode-rip's signature to it—(read)—"I know nothing at all about it; I merely ran as other people did; this man I never saw in my life before."

Cross-examined by
MR. PATNE. Q. What time did you see them together? A. Between a quarter and twenty minutes to six o'clock, in Turner-street—I met them, and just passed them—they were dressed similarly to what they are now, in dark clothes—they might be blue or black—they had hats on—they were the two prisoners.





JAMES JONES

reexamined. Q. You took Baker to the station; had he any marks on his hands? A. He had a cut on one hand, and his finger was bleeding—the knee of his browsers was cut, and his sleeve was white.

EDWARDS**—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.


BAKER—


GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.

