



2108. 



JOHN EDWARDS
 was indicted

 for stealing 3 coats, value 5l.; 3 pairs of trowsers, 2l.; 2 waistcoats, 1l. 10s.; 1 scarf, 10s.; 2 handkerchiefs, 12s.; and 1 basket, 1s.; the goods of 



William Henry Swan; having been before convicted of felony.






THOMAS MITCHELL.
 I live in Melton-crescent, Euston-square. I am cleaner of plate to University College Hospital—on the afternoon of the 6th of Sept. I saw the prisoner come out of the hospital, carrying a willow

basket covered with a great coat—he came back in about a quarter of an hour, and told me he wished to go to a water-closet—I showed him to one in the corridor of the hospital—he tried the door, made some excuse, and went away—he returned again, and said he intended entering as a student, and said he understood the first payment would be about fifty guineas—next day I heard the dispenser had missed some things from his room.





WILLIAM HENRY SWAN.
 I am a dispenser at the University College Hospital. On Monday, the 6th of Sept., I missed from my room in the hospital a top coat, some dress coats, and a variety of other articles—I had seen them safe at half-past eleven o'clock that morning, and missed them at five—I saw this handkerchief taken from the prisoner's neck—it is my property, and one of the articles I lost—I lost a willow basket, which has not been found.





JOHN HAYNES.
 I am an inspector of the Detective Police. I apprehended the prisoner—he was remanded—after the last examination I went with Mr. Swan to Mr. Elphinstone, a tailor, in Knight Rider-court, and got this waistcoat from Mrs. Elphinstone, which the prisoner had left there to be repaired.

MRS. ELPHINSTONE. The prisoner brought this waistcoat about a fortnight ago—I gave it to the officer.





WILLIAM HENRY SWAN

re-examined. This is my waistcoat—it is part of the things I lost on the 6th of Sept.





GEORGE WARDELL
 (City policeman, 25.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted 12th of May, 1845, and confined two years)—the prisoner is the person—there were three indictments against him at that time.




GUILTY.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)
