



1035. 




THOMAS STUBBS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
25th of March, 229 yards of cloth called gambroon, value 26l. 5s.; and 3 yards of canvass, value 2s.; the goods of 



William John Hall and another; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






HENRY EVANS
. I am in the employ of William John Hall and another, wharfingers, at the Custom-house Quay, Thames-street. On the 25th of March, between three and four o'clock, I was in Fore-street with a wagon—I went to a house at the corner of Whitecross-street, and inquired for Mr. Piggott, and was directed two doors round the corner—as I came from the house I saw the prisoner with his feet on the box of the wheel of the wagon, and his hands on the wagon—he had a hook in his hand, which he struck into a bale of goods, and pulled it off the wagon—the bale, being

heavy, overpowered him, it fell on the ground, and I instantly ran up to him, and asked what he was going to do with the bale—he said, "What bale?"—I pointed to the bale by his side—he instantly up with his fist, struck me in the face, and ran away—I caught him at the corner of Jewin-street—we struggled together, and both fell on the ground—I held him till assistance came, and took him to the station-house.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where were you at the time you saw him on the wheel putting the hook into the bale? A. Opposite the door at the corner of Whitecross-street—the wagon was nearly opposite the station-house door in Fore-street—I was in Fore-street at the corner of Whitecross-street, I did not go down the street, as I saw the prisoner on the wheel—I went afterwards and found Mr. Piggott two doors round the corner—I did not go up White-cross-street till after this happened—I might be fifty yards from the wagon when I saw this—I was on the right hand side of the wagon—the man got on the wheel on the left side—I could see him although on the other side of the way, because the pavement slopes inwardly there—the horses' heads were towards White-cross-street—I was going towards Cripplegate—I saw the prisoner on the off wheel in the centre of the road—the wagon was not between me and him—nothing further passed between me and the prisoner—he did not say he would help me up with the bale—he asked me what bale—I did not call him a liar—he did not strike me in consequence of that.





HENRY SYMONDS
. I am a carpenter and live in Red-cross-street. On the 25th of March, I was standing at my shop door, and saw the prisoner follow the wagon on the off side, and after it turned round by Cripplegate church, he put his foot on the wheel, laid hold of the raft of the wagon, polled himself up on the wheel, and pulled the bale off, it fell off, and I saw him put the hook in his pocket—he stood alongside the bale, the carman went up and spoke to him, he struck him in the mouth, and ran away, but he caught him by my shop-door.

Cross-examined. Q. Where is your shop? A. It joins the church—the wagon stopped nearly opposite the station-house door, just beyond it, not thirty feet from Whitecross-street—the wagon was on the left-hand side going down Fore-street.





JOHN STAINES
 (City police-constable, No, 399.) I took charge of the prisoner, searched him, and found this hook in his right-hand jacket pocket.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you ask where he got the hook? A. No, he did not say how he came by it.





JOHN SILVERLOCK
. I am clerk to Wm. John Hall and his partner. This bale was put into the wagon to be delivered to them from Hull—it came by the steam-packet from Leeds.

Cross-examined. Q. Did the wagon belong to Hall and Co.? A. Yes, I did not see the goods put in there—Evans was in our employ—there are only two partners.





EDWARD KETLEY
. I was with the wagon—I had just turned the wagon round in Fore-street, and saw the bale go over the side of the wagon—I looked underneath, and saw the prisoner's leg fall from the wheel—Evans went up and asked what he did with the bale—he struck him instantly and made his escape—Evans ran after him and stopped him.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you come round the wagon immediately? A. I went round in front of my horses—I have three horses—I did not

get up to the prisoner—I saw his legs under the wagon—I saw him strike Evans and run away—I was about seven yards from him—there were four or five marks on the box of the wheel, where he had worked his feet at it went round.





RICHARD BADDELEY
. I am warehouseman to Sturt and Sharp, wholesale linen-drapers in Wood-street—I have the invoice of the goods in the bale—I examined the marks on the bale, they correspond with the invoice—the goods had been ordered by our house—the value is £26. 5s. 11d.—and the canvas 2s., it is gambroon.





JOHN ANDERSON
. I am clerk of Giltspur-street prison. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office—I know the prisoner—I was present when he was tried—he is the person mentioned in the certificate—(read)—he was tried in December, 1838, and had six months' imprisonment.




GUILTY
. Aged 37.—


Transported for Ten Years.
