



589. 




EDWARD ROWLAND
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Arnold, about the hour of twelve in the night of the 
5th of Feb., at 
St. Giles-in-the-Fields, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 4 shoe-buckles, value 3s.; 1 bolt, 6d.; 2 bellwires and cranks, 9d.; 2lbs. weight of brass, 1s. 6d.; and 3lbs. Weight of iron, 1s.; his goods: and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN ARNOLD
. I am a plane, saw, and tool maker, and live at No. 2, High-street, in the parish of St. Giles. On the night of the 5th of Feb., I went to bed about twelve o'clock—I was the last up—there is ao inward communication from my shop to the house, by means of stairs, which lead to the different dwelling-rooms above the shop—I was awoke about five in the morning, by the policeman—on getting up I found the street-door open, which I am confident I had shut—it was not fastened in any way, no more than by the ordinary bolt of the lock—it was fastened in usual manner—I am sure it was locked the night before—I found two or three drawers under the counter partly open, and missed some brass and bellwires, with a brass bolt, and two pair of antique shoe-buckles—one pair was of copper, inlaid with mother-o'-pearl, I believe, or something similar—I

accompanied the policeman to the station, and found them there—I knew them to be mine—I believe they were safe on the day in question, but I cannot positively say—I am confident I had seen them within, a week—I know nothing of the prisoner.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Had you seen these shoe-buckles shortly before? A. I had, as well as the other things—the buckles were not for sale—they were things that I knew very well—I had had then a great length of time—there were no marks of violence on the outer door—it was very probably done by a picklock-key—I have lodgers in the house.





FRANCIS MORRIS
 (police-consiable E 78.) On Thursday morning, the 6th of Feb., about one o'clock, I saw the prisoner in High-street, St. Giles's—I saw something bulky in his jacket-pocket—he had a round fustian jacket on—I watched him for about 200 yards, then came behind him, and asked what he had in his pocket, at the same time touching the bottom of his pocket with my hand—he said, "Nothing but tome bits of iron I have been picking up"—I said, "You don't pick iron up at one o'clock in the morning, do you?"—he said, "O, I picked it up in the course of the day"—I put my hand into his pocket, and pulled out a shoe-buckle—I said that was not iron, I was not satisfied, and should take him to the station—I took him to the station, searched him, and found the articles I now produce in his jacket pocket.





JOHN ARNOLD

re-examined. This is the pair of shoe-buckles with mother-o'-pearl on them—I have not the least doubt they are mine, also this other pair, and the other trifling articles—this piece of brass I can positively swear to—it was cut out in the workshop for punchiog out a piece of metal—the value of the whole may be 6s.—that is all I missed.





JOHN PORTER
 (police-constable G 101.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read,—Convicted 1st July, 1844, of larceny, and confined three months)—I was present at the trial, and am sure the prisoner is the same person.




GUILTY
of stealing, but not of the burglary.
 Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Williams.

