




2931. The said 



WILLIAM LONE
 and 



GEORGE HAWKINS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
1st of October, 1 gelding, price 30l.; 1 cart, value 30l.; 1 set of harness, value 1l.; 9cwt. Of soap, value 20l.; 672lbs. weight of candles, value 15l.; and seven boxes, value 1l. 15s.; the goods of 



Ford Hale and another.



MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE GILBEY
. I am in the service of Messrs. Ford Hale and William Hale, tallow-chandlers, in Cannon-street, City. On the evening of Saturday, the 1st of October, I put two chests of soap into the cart, belonging to my masters—they weighed about 500lbs. each—and 5 boxes of candles, weighing about 6cwt—Isaac Properjohn took charge of them, and drove them away—they were worth from 35l. to 36l.—I did not see the cart again till Monday morning—there were eight boxes in the cart, to be left at Chamberlain's Wharf.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. What time was this? A. From half-past five to twenty minutes to six o'clock in the evening.





ISAAC PROPERJOHN
. I am in the employ of Ford and William Hale. On the 1st of October I took charge of their cart, about twenty minutes to six o'clock—there was some soap and candles and eight boxes, which were to be left at Chamberlain's wharf—after they were loaded, I took the horse and cart to Chamberlain's Wharf, Tooley-street—I there delivered the eight boxes—I went to the counting-house to pay the wharfage—I left the horse and cart and the goods in one side of the yard—the goods were not to be delivered there—I was away about five minutes—when I came out I missed the cart and horse, and goods—I looked after them unsuccessfully—I saw the horse and cart again on the Sunday morning—the horse was in a very bad state, it had been driven very fast.

Cross'-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK?
Q. What time did you leave the cart? A. About a quarter to six o'clock—I was only in about five minutes—Tooley-street is a public thoroughfare.





RICHARD GOODWIN
 (police-constable N 217.) I was on duty in Hoxton-town on Saturday night, the 1st of October. About a quarter before nine o'clock I saw the horse and cart near the Whitmore's Head, Hoxton, Lone was driving it very fast—Hawkins was with him—they got out at the Whitmore's Head—I was within two yards of them, and there was plenty of light for me to notice them—a child passed under the breast of the horse as they pulled up—that attracted my attention to them—I told them to beware of the child—I lost sight of them—I could not see whether they went into the public-house or not—the next morning I received information of the loss of the horse and cart—in consequence of which I described the person of the two prisoners—on the 12th of October I went to Radnor-street, St. Luke's, and there I saw Lone—I recognised him as the person who I had seen before—I took him into custody—I told him it was for having a horse and cart belonging to Messrs. Ford Hale and son—he said, "It is a bad job; allow me to go to my wife"—I did so—I asked him if he knew a young person of the name of Hawkins—he said, "No, I do not; I knew a person of the name of Hawkins, but he was a very elderly man"—I cautioned him—he said, "It is a bad job, I know nothing about it"—I took him to the station, and ascertained the residence of Hawkins—I then went to Orchard-street, St. Luke's, and there saw Hawkins—I recognized him as the other man I had seen with the cart—his wife was there, she began crying; he said, "Never mind, it is a bad job, I can't help it; he has come for me, and I must go"—I asked him if he knew a person named William Lone—he said, "Yes, I nave known him five or six years"—I then told him that what he might say would be used against him—he then said, "I know nothing about it"—I am confident the prisoners are the two men I saw with the cart—

Hawkins's dress is the same, but Lone's is different—the difference in the dress does not create any doubt in my mind—I have never seen the horse and cart in the prosecutor's possession.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you look at the name on the cart? A. No, I did not, it was on the opposite side of the cart to me it was a very heavy horse, and a cart, very high at the sides—it came opposite to me—I was walking on—they drove the horse up the same direction in which I was going—there was nothing in the cart that I saw—I did not see the interior of the cart—I heard about the cart being found at six o'clock on Sunday morning, at the station, and immediately gave information.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. How long did you see this cart on the night in question? A. Not more than two or three minutes—it was passing very rapidly—I had not seen the cart or the prisoners before—there is 20l. reward for the discovery of this, 10l. on conviction, and 10l. on the recovery of the property—I expect to get lot if the prisoners are convicted—I did not see either of the prisoners again until twelve days after—I have been a policeman about eight months—I see a great many persons every day, and a great many carts, but very few of this description—it was a black horse—I swear that—I could see it from the lights in the shops—Lone was dressed in the same way as when I saw him—it might not be the same coat, but it was one of the same description—I asked Lone if he knew a young man of the name of Hawkins, and he said, he knew an old man, and I asked Hawkins if he knew Lone—he said he did, and then I told him to say no more—I did not ask them in order to criminate them—I asked for my own information.





GEORGE PETER LUTY
 (police-constable N 104.) I found the house and cart at the Whitmore's Head, in Hoxton—I took it to Mr. Hale's premises.





MR. FORD HALE
. I have seen the horse and cart brought to me by Luty—it was my property—it had no business at the Whitmore's Head that night—the articles were worth about 35l.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. What partners have you? A. Only my son.

MR. PAYNE
called






WIILIAM BRAY
. I am road foreman to Mr. Blay the surveyor—I live in the City-road. On Saturday, the 1st of October, I was in company with Lone, about four o'clock in the afternoon—he came up the yard where we keep our tools, in the City-road, just over the bridge—he came after a job—he was there till seven o'clock—after that he went in the Macclesfield Arms, nearly adjoining the yard—he remained there till nine o'clock—he was with me from four till nine—he could not have been in the City at half-past six—I am certain he could not.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Have you known Lone any time? A. I have seen him before—he came after work several times—I had only known him for a week or a fortnight before that day—I remember him that day particularly, because I had four boat loads of stones come to the wharf that day—they came about nine o'clock in the morning—I know they came, because the boatman came after me, and wanted me to send some men—I know it was that Saturday because it was the day we pay the men in the yard—I paid them about seven o'clock—Lone was not employed on that day—I was looking after the men

that day—I paid eight men—Lone was waiting in the yard at the time to have an answer whether he should go to unempty the boats—the men had an opportunity of seeing him there—we pay the men every Saturday and about the same time—I never knew Hawkins before—there is another witness here, named Weller—he had not worked in my master's employ, but he happened to come after a situation at the same time—he wanted a foreman's place—I do not know who came to me about this affair, I believe it was Lone's brother—I was talking with Lone just before I paid the men—I told him I could not give him an answer till I had seen my master—I saw my master about seven o'clock that night—he did not agree to employ Lone—upon my oath I mentioned Lone's name to my master on that Saturday night, October 1.

MR. PAYNE. Q. How long have you been road foreman? A. About six months—I am sure Lone came that Saturday night.





SAMUEL WELLER
. I am a labourer, living in Commercial-place, City-road. On Saturday, the 1st of October, I was in Mr. Blay's yard—I was there the greater part of the day—the foreman is a friend of mine—I saw Lone there between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, and I saw him at the Macclesfield Arms between seven and eight at night.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Had you known Lone? A. Yes, for three or four years—his ordinary business is a carman and porter—I went to the premises to see Bray—I had no business with him—I have seen Hawkins before, at different places where he was at work—I have never seen him with Lone—I am not on speaking terms with Hawkins—I have passed the time of day with him as we were going to work—my business occasionally takes me in the same direction as Hawkins—We do not Work for the same master—I have no master—it is six weeks since I have been in any employ—Mr. Thatcher, in London-wall, was my last master—the men at Mr. Blay's were not paid that night while I was at the wharf—I left between seven and eight—I left before they were paid—I believe the men are not paid exactly at one time—I did not lose sight of Lone at all.

LONE—


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years more.

HAWKINS—


GUILTY
. (See page 1284.)
