




534. 




HENRY PAYNE
 and 




WILLIAM HUGHES
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 horse-cloth, value 2s., the goods of 



Joseph Baglee.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






JONATHAN WHICHER
 (police-sergeant A 27.) About seven o'clock on the evening of the 17th of Jan., I was on duty in plain clothes, in Oxford-street, with Sergeant Parker, and near the Circus saw both the prisoners, who I had seen a few evenings before—they were standing near a cart which had a basket of clothes in it, which they appeared to be watching—the cart went away—the prisoners went down Oxford-street—I followed, and kept them in sight—they overtook a man drawing a truck with several boxes and trunks in it—Hughes went into the road, and looked into the truck—the man turned down Orchard-street, and the prisoners followed—Payne went up to the man drawing the truck, and walked by his side some distance—when they got into the dark part of Portman-square, which is the east side near the enclosure, Hughes went behind the truck and endeavoured to get out one of

the boxes, but did not succeed—they followed the man into the New-road and then returned into Oxford-street, loitered about some time, and then followed another cart down Oxford-street and Edgware-road—that was not the prosecutor's cart—they still kept in company—the prosecutor's cart was standing opposite a green-grocer's in the Edgware-road—they passed it, turned back, and came and stood near the cart a minute or so—they then walked a little distance—Hughes went back to the cart, took the horse-cloth, and walked away towards Payne, who was waiting twenty or thirty yards distant—he was in sight—I stopped Hughes with the cloth on his arm, and asked what he was going to do with it—he said he took it for a lark, to throw at his friend—Payne walked away, and was apprehended by Parker—Parker had not kept in my company the whole time—I lost him for about an hour—Payne appeared to be looking out at the time Hughes took the cloth.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. In what direction was he looking? A. All ways, looking round—this occupation took me nearly three hours—it was not till the end of that time that they took the horse-cloth—I do not know where Parker went to when I lost sight of him—we were watching the prisoners—we did not keep together; we were obliged to dodge them the best way we could—I fell in with him again—I did not inquire where he had been—he told me he had lost me accidentally—the prisoners were not playing with each other at all—we had occasion to watch them two or three nights previously—I did not take them into custody then; they did nothing to justify me in doing so—there have been a great many robberies in that part of the town from carts, and we were sent down to watch—I am not aware that there have been a good many complaints of the inefficiency of the police about there—I swear that—I and Parker were directed to watch there every night.





HENY PARKER
 (police-sergeant N 28.) On the night of the 17th of Jan. I was out with Whicher, and saw the two prisoners—we watched them for three hours, and about ten o'clock I saw Hughes in the custody of Whicher—Payne was about thirty yards off—I went after him—he asked what I took him for—I said, for stealing a coat or something from a cart, and he must come with me, we had got his friend—he said, "I have no friend; I know nothing about it."

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know of many robberies being committed in the neighbourhood? A. Yes—I have heard no complaints about, the police—I did not watch the prisoners for three hours myself, because I had lost them for about an hour and a half—that slipped my memory at first—I was on one side of the road, and Whicher on the other, and in consequence of so many vehicles going backwards and forwards I lost them for an hour and a half—I saw them again in Oxford-street, and followed them into Edgware-road—I was in plain clothes, and always am, unless I appear in Court—I did not point them out to anybody but Whicher.





JOSEPH BAGLEE
. I was out on the night of the 17th of Jan. with my horse and cart—I stopped at a door in the Edgware-road about ten o'clock at night—I put the cloth on the horse, and went into the shop—while I was in the shop the policeman brought Hughes in with the horse-cloth, which is mine.

Cross-examined. Q. Who had it when it was shown to you? A. Either whicher or Hughes.

Hughes's Defence. The officer says he was watching us for three hours, and at seven o'clock we were at home in Jewin-street, City; the officer states in his deposition that I either took the cloth out of the cart or off the horse;

it was from neither; had it not been on the curb-stone I should not have seen it; I stepped on it before I saw it; I picked it up to throw at Payne.
(Charles Williams, watch-maker, of No. 24, Bateman's-row, Shoreditch; John Redding, cabinet-maker, of No. 48, Long-alley; and Thomas Whiting, livery-stable-keeper, of Cambridge-heath; gave Payne a good character.)

PAYNE*—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.

HUGHES(†)—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.





Transported for Seven Years.

