




683. 




EDWARD BRYANT GAREY
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging and uttering a certain instrument in the form of an instrument made by 



John Reid the elder, being Clerk of the Report-office of the High Court of Chancery purporting to be an office copy of a certificate of 



William Russell, esq., Accountant-General of the said Court, that 



Thomas Jones Bellamy and 



Charles James Foster had paid into the Bank of England 2,596l. 17s., pursuant to an order of the said Court of Chancery; and 

also an office copy of a receipt of one 



W. R. West, for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Paying of the said sum into the Bank of England, with intent to defraud 



Thomas Jones Bellamy and 



Charles James Foster.—Fourteen other COUNTS, varying the description of the instrument.



MR. ATTORNEY-GENERAL, with
MESSRS. BODKIN, WADDINGTON, and
CLARK, conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN HAYWARD
. I am a clerk in the office of the Solicitor to the Treasury. I produce an office copy of an order of the Lord Chancellor in the matter of Edward Frank, procured at the office of the Secretary of Lunatics, in Chancery-lane, where the original order is deposited—(this was here read, ordering Thomas Jones Bellamy and Charles James Foster to pay to the Accountant-General's account the sum of 2,005l. 10s. 8d., together with interest, is the matter of the Rev. Edward Franks a lunatic.)





THOMAS JONES BELLAMY
, Esq. I live at Brighton—I was a trustee under a deed respecting the affairs of Mr. Frank, a lunatic—there was a Chancery suit—Mr. Foster is a co-trustee of mine—I know Mr. Garey, the prisoner—he is a solicitor—he was employed by the younger children, and by their request we afterwards employed him up to a certain period, to save expense—we continued to employ him up to the summer of last year—in June last I received this letter from him—it is his handwriting—I know his handwriting, having corresponded with him—I never saw an order of the Court of Chancery, but he said an order had been made directing us to pay a certain sum into the Bank to the Accountant-General's account—(letter read)—"Southampton-buildings, 21st June, 1845. Dear Sir, On the other side I send you three checks for your signature—the first for 2,596l. 17s. is made up as follows:—Amount paid to Mr. Pease for principal, interest, and costs, directed to be paid into Court, with interest at 4 per cent, 1,241l. 7s. 8d. Interest thereon from the 16th of July, 1833, the time when the above sum was paid, to 23rd June, 1845, at 4 per cent., 591l. 6s. 4d. Amount of unpaid costs of the inquiries and proceedings relative to the arrangement with Pease, directed to be paid into Court conditionally, 364l. 3s. Amount directed to be paid into Court, to answer the costs of Messrs. Foster and Evans, and Mr. Bull, of the application by them for payment out of the money to be received from the policies, if the Court shall order them to be paid, 400l.; total, 2,596l. 17s. The second, for 915l. 17s., is made up as follows:—Amount of principal money secured by agreement, 800l.; interest at 5 per cent., from 29th July, 1842, to 21st June, 1845, 115l. 17s.; total, 915l. 17s. The third is for my bill of costs for the proceedings in the cause of Waterman and Frank, and connected with these policies, which I send herewith. I have made an appointment with the Equitable Office to settle at twelve o'clock on Wednesday next, which I hope will suit your convenience. Mr. Triston has promised to have his bill, as connected with the policies, ready by Wednesday. I am, dear Sir, yours truly—EDWARD BRYANT GAREY. To T. J. Bellamy, Esq.") On receiving this letter I signed this check, (looking at it,) and wrote in it, "General unpaid costs account"—this is my signature, and I wrote across it, "Bank of England, on account of the Accountant-General"—that appears to have been since struck our, and "Messrs. Gosling and Co." has been written on it since it was in my hand—I believe that to be Mr. Garey's handwriting—when I had signed the check I think I enclosed it to Mr. Triston for Mr. Foster's signature—Mr. Triston is solicitor for Mr. Foster, my co-trustee, and he had been solicitor for me also—this is the letter I sent—between June and the January following I wrote to Mr. Foster respecting the money—I do not think I wrote to the prisoner or had any interview with him on the subject between Nov. and Jan.—I wrote to him requesting a copy of the receipt might be sent down—on the 18th Jan., 1846, I received from him this letter, marked A, enclosing this paper—(read)—"To Thos. J. Bellamy, Esq., Montpelier-road, Brightou. 24, Southampton-buildings, 17th Jan., 1846. Dear Sir, I am sorry I was not in the office when

you called. I now enclose you office copy receipt for the 2,596l. 17s., which had been mislaid—I sent Mr. Waterman's executor's receipt to Mr. Foster, which I suppose he has sent to you. Have the goodness to keep the receipt for costs, &c., and also for the money you paid your nephews and niece together, as I may want them to produce at Somerset-house. I hope to get an order for payment of the funeral expenses at the petition-day after term. The report only waits for the completion of the taxation of Sir W. B. Cook's costs. I believe all the accounts relating to the Pontefract sales are ready, except those relating to the two sales in 1821, which are not yet completed. I am, dear Sir, yours sincerely, EDWARD B. GAREY."
(Certificate.)"28th June,1845. Rev. Edward Frank, a person of unsound mind. I do hereby certify that pursuant to an order, dated 5th Nov., 1844, Thomas Jones Bellamy and Charles James Foster have paid into the Bank of England the sum of 2,596l. 17s., which is placed to my account, as Accountant-General, and to the credit of this matter the 'general unpaid costs account' in the books kept at the Bank of England and in my office, as appears by the receipt of Mr. W. R. West, one of the cashiers of the Bank, dated 25th inst., hereby annexed. WILLIAM ROSSSELL, A. G."
(Receipt.) "London, 25th June, 1845. Received, pursuant to an order dated 5th Nov., 1844, of Thomas Jones Bellamy, and Charles James Foster, the sum of 2,596l. 17s., which money is placed to the account of William Russell, Esq., as Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, and to the credit of the matter of the Rev. Edward Frank, a person of unsound mind. 'The general unpaid costs account' in the books kept at the Bank for the suitors of the Court of Chancery. For the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, W. R. West—2,596l. 17s.—entered—F. H. WARD."

Q. You received this on the 18th of Jan.—on Tuesday, the 20th, did you come to town? A. I did, in consequence of receiving this letter—I went, with Mr. Foster, my co-trustee, to the Accountant-General's office, I think on the Wednesday, the 21st—we made inquiries there—we have since paid the money into the Bank of England, to the account of the Accountant-General.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Will you give me the names of the children of the late Edward Frank? A. Jemima Mary Bacon Frank, Edward Bacon Frank, and Rodolphus Bacon Frank—I was an attorney twenty-five years ago—I was never in partnership with Mr. Triston or any one—I was constituted a trustee for the younger children under a deed—I do not know that that deed is in Court—I think Mr. Triston has it—Mr. Triston was the attorney for the trustees on the occasion of the drawing of that deed—I think Mr. Triston was not the attorney for the trustees in the matter of the petition in Chancery on which the order was made—I think Mr. Garey was—the order recites that a counsel appeared for the cestuique trust, and also for the trustees—Mr. Garey was the attorney employed for the cestuique trust, and for myself and Mr. Foster; but one of the parties wrote me a letter to say that Mr. Garey was going to receive the 10,000l.—I then wrote up to Mr. Triston, and I wrote to Mr. Garey also, and I desired Mr. Triston immediately, if that was so, to retain counsel, which he did, and that was altered—in the matter of the petition Mr. Triston was merely to see that the order was drawn up right—counsel was certainly employed by Mr. Triston as our solicitor, for that particular purpose, and nothing else—we have paid Mr. Triston's bill of costs, and Mr. Garey's also—I think Mr. Triston's bill of costs was between 300l. and 400l. in the matter of that petition—it was sent to me approved of by Mr. Garey—those were accounts of the trustees' costs—Mr. Triston was certainly not acting throughout the whole of that petition as the solicitor for the trustees—I do not know how the 400l. was incurred—it was a

complicated business—they had to go into the Ecclesiastical Court, for there was another will, and Mr. Garey had the conducting of the whole business—Mr. Triston received his costs, and Mr. Garey said they were correct.

Q. Do I understand you to say that Mr. Triston had your authority to give Mr. Wakefield a brief to appear on the hearing of the petition? A. I wrote to Mr. Garey, and then I wrote to Mr. Triston to go to Mr. Garey, and to see that it was done—I was informed that the order was drawn so that Mr. Garey was to receive the money—I said I should have no objection to trust Mr. Garey myself, but I could not as a trustee, and I desired Mr. Triston to see that the order was to pay to the trustees and not to him—there were two policies of insurance—I never understood they were to be handed over to Mr. Triston as my solicitor—I acted entirely in this case under the advice of Mr. Garey, with the exception that when I heard he was to receive the money I said, "No, it must not be so; it must be paid to the trustees"—the policies were got through Mr. Garey's exertions—the commission of lunacy was taken out against Mr. Frank in 1825, I think—the commencement of his lunacy was declared to be from 1816—his income was about 7,000l. or 8,000l. a year—in 1817 he made a deed of settlement of the Pontefract estate on his younger children—that deed became invalid, in consequence of the commencement of the lunacy being declared to be in 1816—there were two other children living at that time—after Mr. Frank became a lunatic, an allowance was made to himself and his family—that allowance to the younger children continued up to the time of his death—immediately upon his death the heir filed a bill to set aside the settlement of the Pontefract estate—Messrs. Foster, Evans, and Smith were concerned as attorneys for the younger children in the first instance—in consequence of Mr. Frank's death the three younger children had nothing except what their aunts chose to give them—their allowance was taken away the instant Mr. Frank died—Foster, Evans, and Smith were never concerned in the suit in Chancery—Mr. Garey was concerned as their solicitor at first, I think, but I do not know—Edward Bacon Frank, one of the younger children, had no property of his own—he was entitled to a reversion of one-third of 20,000l. on the death of his aunts Catherine and Elizabeth—he told me he had sold that reversion for 400l., and I advised him to go to his attorney directly, and pay the money, and get it back—I thought a court of equity would relieve him from such an imprudent bargain—Mr. Garey undertook the defence of this suit for the three younger children—he got an issue at law directed as to the validity of the settlement of 1816—Mr. Garey was then in the firm of Low, Garey, and Sweeting—I believe Mr. Garey was the acting man—it was finally decided by a verdict at law that the deed was a valid deed—he also succeeded in getting back the reversion—the proceedings in Chancery connected with both those matters, and the proceedings at law were very expensive—Messrs. Low, Garey, and Sweeting behaved remarkably well on that occasion, and did not ask the parties to advance much money, and immediately afterwards I paid them the whole amount—I do not know that Mr. Garey advanced money to go to trial out of his own private funds—I never heard of it—Mr. Garey, on the part of the three younger children, carried on the proceedings to recover the money on the policies—he was concerned for the younger children, and for myself at first, to avoid expense—he got the offices to pay the policies—it was a very difficult case—it was some years before the offices would pay the policies—Mr. Frank died a natural death—it is a question still to be decided whether the offices shall pay the interest on the policies—Mr. Garey quitted the firm of Low, Garey, and Sweeting about two or three years ago, when Mr. Low died—all these matters, of course, required outlays of money on the part of the solicitor, but Mr. Garey might have had any money he liked—before

the deed was decided to be valid, I should say the younger children were merely dependent upon bounty for their existence—the whole weight of the matter was on myself, the contest with the elder brother as to the validity of the deed—I advanced them money before it was decided, and would have advanced anything—I went with 400l. in my pocket—they asked me for 200l., and I gave it them—I would have given them anything—I forget what the proceedings came to—I think we paid 700l. as extra costs—the outlay was not so much as I expected it would have been—I think it was under 2000l.—the other party had to pay costs—I do not know how much—it was a very heavy concern altogether—sales were made of portions of the Pontefract property—immediately I knew the value of the assistance we had from Low, Garey, and Sweeting, I said, of course, they ought to do the other business, the purchase, and they were employed—I think Mr. Garey always conducted the business connected with that—the monies upon those sales were paid to another attorney—Captain Mainwaring was my co-trustee, and he employed a separate solicitor—I employed Mr. Garey, because there should not be three solicitors—I do not know, of my own knowledge, that large sums passed through his hands in the progress of that business—they were paid into Coutts and Co.'s, by Mr. Govet—I think there was one sum paid in by Mr. Garey, and the rest by Mr. Govet, and one or two by Mr. Triston—Mr. Garey had the management of the business—he was to send the deeds to Mr. Govet, for Captain Mainwaring's signature—they were returned to Mr. Govet, and then Mr. Govet paid the money in—Mr. Garey did not receive the money from the purchasers—Mr. Govet did—he was Capt. Manwaring's solicitor, and Captain Mainwaring thought it right and proper that he should, he did not know Mr. Garey—I do not know that much of the money was paid to Mr. Garey, and by him handed over to Mr. Govet—I know that the money was carried to our account, as the trustees, at Coutts'—it may have all passed through Mr. Garey's hands, but I do not know it, and I do not think it did—I recollect that he received some deposits which I requested he would pay into Coutts', and he promised me he would—Mr. Edward Bacon Frank went with Mr. Garey to sell some part of the property, and Mr. Garey received the deposits—Mr. Edward Bacon Frank was Mr. Garey's client—I suppose Mr. Garey had a bill of costs against him, but not on that account—that would tell into the trustees' account—I do not know that his bill of costs against the three younger children was as much as 900l. in Jan. last—that was the trust property—it had nothing to do with that—a bill of costs for 900l. was delivered yesterday, I believe, or the day before—I do not know that a bill of costs is due by the Franks—I had no bills delivered to me till the night before last—I was told in coming to town, to go to the office, and there was Mr. Garey's attorney, with some papers, saying, they were indebted to him 900l.—I do not know anything about it—I should say Mr. Garey succeeded in getting for the three younger children, property to the value of between 30,000l. or 40,000l.—I should say the Pontefract estate was worth 30,000l., or more, and the policies 10,000l.—the interest on them is considerable—I do not know that Mr. Garey advanced money out of his pocket from time to time to Edward Bacon Frank, to support him—it is four or five years ago that the verdict at law was recovered—it was a long time pending after Mr. Frank's death—I do not know that the Master of the Rolls had pronounced the settlement deeds to be bad before Mr. Garey took it to issue—it is not so.





CHARLES JAMES FOSTER
, Esq. I am a barrister, and have chambers in Lincoln's-inn; I am co-trustee with Mr. Bellamy; Mr. Triston was my solicitor. I recollect, in June last, his bringing me this letter—I recollect receiving the check better than I recollect receiving the letter—it was immediately

after the date of the letter, about the 25th of June I should say—the check had at that time been signed by my co-trustee, Mr. Bellamy—I signed the check—I had an account at that time at Coutts', jointly with Mr. Bellamy—my impression is, that at the time I signed it the words "Gosling and Co." were not on it—when I had signed the check I gave it to Mr. Triston to take it to Mr. Garey—I was not acquainted with Mr. Garey personally, except relating to this trust—he had not been acting for me, that I am aware of, in any way—in Dec. last I received this letter from Mr. Bellamy; I think it was the 8th of Dec.—in consequence of that letter I saw Mr. Garey at his place of business, in Southampton-buildings—I asked him if he had the office copy receipt of the Accountant-General for the amount of this money—he said he expected to have it in a day or two, or something to that effect—I had two or three interviews with him subsequent to this, shortly after—I cannot recollect precisely what passed about the money having been paid, further than I was given to understand the money had been paid by Mr. Garey—I made an arrangement with him that the certificate or receipt was to be sent to Mr. Bellamy at Brighton—I recollect Mr. Bellamy coming to town about the 21st of Jan. on a Tuesday—I accompanied him to the Accountant-general's on the Wednesday, I think—in this month I accompanied Mr. Bellamy to the Chancery-office, Bank of England, and the sum mentioned in the order, 2,596l. 17s., was paid by me conjointly with Mr. Bellamy.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Who has got the trust deed? A. I think Mr. Triston has it—I became trustee in 1837—there was a deed appointing me trustee—I have seen Mr. Garey perhaps a dozen or half a dozen times—I believe the deed of settlement appointed me trustee—he had not been solicitor to the trustees before I became a trustee—there were no trustees before I became one—I am trustee under the deed of 1837, which carried out the former deed—I am thirty-seven years of age—there was a previous deed, in which trustees had been named—they died, and in pursuance of something in that deed I was appointed one of the new trustees—I have no personal knowledge whether Mr. Triston was solicitor for the old trustees—he applied to me to become a trustee—I should say he continued to act as solicitor for the trustees—I was certainly not the active trustee—I always dealt with him as the solicitor—when I signed the check I handed it over to Mr. Triston, as solicitor for the trustees, to take to Mr. Garey; that was my impression certainly—Mr. Triston did not receive the monies on the policies—we received the monies ourselves—we did not hand them over to Mr. Triston—I took the check to Coutts' myself—Mr. Triston acted in the matter as my solicitor as well.

Q. Solicitor for the trustees? A. I speak according to my own understanding—by Mr. Triston's advice, I sanctioned Mr. Garey's employment to conduct the petition on behalf of the trustees—it was said it could be done in a less expensive way, if he appeared for all parties—the petition was, if I recollect right, to deliver the policies to Mr. Garey on behalf of all parties—I am speaking from recollection—the order directs that they should be delivered to Mr. Triston as solicitor for the trustees, after the cestuique trust have paid off Sir William Cooke's charges—I believe they were delivered to Mr. Triston—Mr. Triston attended with them at the office when the money was paid.

MR. ATTORNEY-GENERAL. Q. I believe Mr. Triston is your personal solicitor? A. Yes—the petition I have spoken of was the petition upon which the order was founded for the payment of the money to the Accountantgeneral—it was a petition by the parties beneficially interested, and also by the trustees—I understood that that petition was conducted by Mr. Garey on behalf of all parties.






JOHN HOWELL TRISTON
. I am a solicitor. I was the solicitor of Mr. Foster, and was also the solicitor for the trustees, Mr. Bellamy and Mr. Foster, generally—I recollect receiving this check from Mr. Bellamy—I took it to Mr. Foster and obtained his signature on the next day, and on the next day handed it to Mr. Garey—the words "Messrs. Goslings and Co." at that time were not on the check—it was crossed "Bank of England to the account of the Accountant-General"—in November I saw Mr. Garey two or three times, I think, on the subject of the Accountant-General's certificate and the Bank receipt—on that occasion I said that Mr. Bellamy and Mr. Foster wished to have the Accountant-General's receipt, and to know whether he had obtained it for the money paid in—Mr. Garey said he had not got it, that it was at the Accountant-General's office—I assumed in my question that the money had been paid in—I did not ask him whether it had—I asked him for the receipt for the money paid in—on each occasion he said he had not had time to send for it, or something of that kind—Mr. Garey conducted the business of the petition on which the order proceeded.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. How came you to ask him for the receipt for the money paid in? A. Because the check was paid to him for the purpose of paying in the money—I was to have the receipt at the request of Messrs. Foster and Bellamy, as their general solicitor, as solicitor for the trustees—I delivered a brief, at a late stage of the proceeding, to Mr. Wakefield, and for a particular purpose, on the hearing of the petition, before the order was made—Mr. Wakefield's name is mentioned in the order—he was to represent Messrs. Bellamy and Foster—I sent in my bill of costs—the petition was pending only a few months, I think, speaking from recollection—the amount of my bill of costs at that time was 300 and odd pounds—it was a bill of costs running on for business done for ten years—I had not been paid for that time—it was relating to the policies—whilst those proceedings were going on I had not been paid—in the matter of the petition I should say that there was not above 20l. due—the next thing that was made on the hearing was the order—I had appeared on the petition in another capacity, as representing Sir William Cook, the committee of the estate—I had the policy in my hand as solicitor—I represented him when I delivered the brief to Mr. Wakefield—he appeared for Sir W. Cook—I took the petition to Mr. Foster—he perused and corrected it—I cannot say whether it was sent to Mr. Bellamy to be looked at—I do not think Mr. Bellamy saw it then—Mr. Foster corrected it for both of them—I think I did not say anything to Mr. Garey on the subject of the receipt before November—I have no recollection of that—I took the check to Mr. Garey myself—I recollect seeing him—I only handed it to him—I recollect no conversation, but I presume I must have said, "Here is the check from the trustees"—Mr. Bellamy was the only trustee in the suit in which Mr. Garey was concerned for the cestuique trust—Mr. Foster had nothing to do with that suit, only Mr. Bellamy and Captain Mainwaring—I was only concerned for Mr. Bellamy—when Mr. Garey took the case up it was considered to be a very difficult one.

MR. ATTORNEY-GENERAL. Q. What was the purpose for which you delivered the brief to Mr. Wakefield? A. That the deeds relating to the policies might be delivered to the trustees themselves; the original petition, as framed by Mr. Garey was that the deeds and policies should be delivered to him.

MR. CHAMBERS. Q. When Sir William Cook's charges were paid off, did you hand the deeds over to yourself, as the trustees' solicitor? A. No, I think I handed them to Mr. Foster—he had them latterly for some time—he

then returned them—they were handed to me, I think, for the purpose of production at the insurance office when the money was paid, but Mr. Foster had them.





GEORGE STRANGE
. I am a clerk in the house of Gosling and Co., bankers. I remember receiving this check at the banking house—at that time Mr. Garey kept an account with us—it was paid in to the credit of his account—I gave him credit for it—there is a memorandum on it, which I made at that time—it went to Coutts', and was paid by them, not to me, but to another clerk.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Do you keep Mr. Garey's account? A. We have the account, and I credited it—I keep Mr. Garey's account myself—I do my part—I have credited him with the proceeds of the check, and have made an entry, of it—it is in my handwriting—here is Mr. Garey's account—this is our cash-book—when we receive a check we give him credit for it in the cash-book—when we receive a check or money we merely make a memorandum to whose account it is to be carried—that is the first process, and the second is to copy it into the book, to carry it into the account—this is my cash-book, which I keep—I receive the check over the counter, and make an entry in the receipt-book—it would be the duty of some other clerk to look at these books, and to carry the entry into Mr. Garey's regular account—that is not my duty—the clerk is here who received it—there is no particular clerk for that—this is the original entry of the thing—besides this, the customer has his account in the ledger—he never sees this book nor the ledger—he has the copy of it—a copy of his account—the account is posted, marked, and checked—it is not the business of the house to show this book—he would see it if he applied for it, but he never does apply—what he sees is another book, which ought to be a copy of this—he has a copy of it itself, the pass-book, which is a copy of the account in the ledger—there is the folio of the check, and the checking, which refers to the folio of ledger.

COURT. Q. Do you pay Mr. Garey's checks? A. I pay, if they are presented to me, or some other clerk—the indorsement on the check, "Gosling and Co.," instead of "the Bank of England," looks very much like Mr. Garey's handwriting—I should say that it was his handwriting.

MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Who does keep Mr. Garey's account? A. It is the general business of the posting, not the business of one clerk, but the buisness of one, two, or three—we should want the whole of Fleet-street if we had a clerk for every account—the pass-book is kept by first one and then another—I do not keep Mr. Garey's account—it may be kept by one clerk or another—it is posted from the cash-book to the ledger.





FREDERICK STRACHAN
. I am a clerk at Messrs. Goslings—I was so in June last—I took this check to Messrs. Coutts—it was paid—I returned and settled my account in the ordinary way.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. I believe bankers will not pay crossed checks across the counter, they must come through a banker? A. Yes—if a check were crossed to the Bank of England it would depend upon circumstances whether it could be cashed across the counter—if a total stranger brought a check for a large sum of money that was crossed to the Bank of England, I should not pay it.

MR. WADDINGTON. Q. Without that had been struck out and the other substituted, it could not have been obtained? A. Through a banker it could, without striking out the indorsement of Bank of England and Accountant-General, and putting some other banker on it—if the words "Bank of England" remained there, it might have been done, if coming through a banker—some

would do it, and others not—some houses will pay only to the bankers mentioned, and some will pay to any banker.





ALFRED KINNS
. I am just turned fourteen years old—I was a writing clerk in Mr. Garey's office last Nov.—I went to his office on the 10th of Nov., and left on the 24th of Jan.—this paper is in my handwriting—(the copy of certificate and receipt said to be forged)—it was written on Saturday, the 17th of Jan.—there are some figures which are not in my handwriting—this 28th of June, the 2s. 4d. in the margin, and the word 5th over the second line on the second page—there were no blanks left there by me—those are not in my handwriting—I do not know when they were written—I did not leave them blanks—they have been written since I wrote the rest—I wrote something else which has been scratched out—Mr. Garey gave me the piece of paper on which that is written, while in his outer office—he brought it to me—when he did so, there was this round black mark on the side—when he gave me the piece of paper he told me not to spoil it, because it was folded in a particular manner, and at the same time he gave me another piece of paper, that of which this is a copy, which I was to copy it from—I believe that was in Mr. Garey's handwriting.

MR. HAYWARD
re-examined. I served notice on Mr. Garey to produce the paper of which this purports to be a copy, in Newgate, on the 24th of this month—this is a copy of the notice—I served it personally on him, and I asked him to let his attorney have the notice as early as he possibly could—he stated his attorney would be there in a very few moments, and he would give it to him, and as I left the prison I met his attorney and told him I had served it, with a repetition of the notice to produce the same writing at Bow-street—I had served him with a similar notice on the 19th of Feb. last, when he was in company with his solicitor.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Who was the officer employed to take Mr. Garey into custody? A. Inspector Haynes, of the detective force—he seized a bundle of papers or letters, and when it was found they did not in any way relate to this charge, he was instructed to hand them back to Mr. Garey immediately, and I believe he did so on the same night—I believe he took no others—they were found in his pocket.

COURT. Q. You saw them? A. Yes—I examined them—I did not see the paper now sought for—I should say it was not among them—I did not examine the whole myself—I assisted in the examination.





JOHN HAYNES
. I am an inspector of the detective police—I apprehended the prisoner—I took no papers except what he had about his person—I examined them at the police-office, Bow-street, in the presence of Mr. Clark and Mr. Hayward—none of them related in any way to the charge upon which he was apprehended, and I therefore gave them back to him again—I gave back all that I took from him.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Did you keep them in your peronal possession all the time? A. They were never out of my sight—no one went inside Mr. Garey's house with me when I went to apprehend him—Inspector Shackell was waiting outside with me—I think there were four clerks in the office, and his son—there were a vast many papers, but I had no instructions to seize them.





ALFRED KINNS

re-examined. There was no round mark like this on the Paper I copied this from—it was half a sheet of this kind of paper, and a little piece—while I was writing it the prisoner came into the office—I had left a blank for the name, William Russell, Accountant-General—he wanted to know why I had left it blank, and told me to fill it in, or else it would not be a copy—before I had finished it I left the outer office, and went into his

room, and he told me I was not to come into his room, he would tell me how to do it in the outer office—there was no one in the outer office while I was writing it—Mr. Garey had three other clerks—it was about six o'clock in the evening—I remember taking some letters to the post that night—(Mr. Garey's son was in the inner office when I went in)—this letter, marked "A," was a letter that I took to the Post-office that night—I know there was a letter directed to Mr. Bellamy among those I took that night—Mr. Garey told me to see how much the postage came to, and to put on the stamps—I ascertained the weight, and was obliged to put more than one stamp upon it—I was not in time for the post—I am able to say this is a letter that I took to the post on that Saturday night—I know there was something inside the letter by the feel of it—I left the prisoner's service on Saturday evening, the 24th—I gave the paper I had copied, to Mr. Garey, together with the one I copied from.





SAMUEL PARKINSON
. I am a clerk in the Accountant-General's office. When an order is made for any payment into the name of the Accountant-General at the Bank, the solicitor brings the order to the Accountant-General's office, and the clerk who takes the order reads it, to see what is to be done under it—whatever the order directs to be done the clerk draws—in such an order as this there are three separate sums to be paid into the Accountant-General's name to three separate and distinct accounts—one of these sums requires that the interest of it should be verified by affidavit, and then, as far as that sum is concerned, the solicitor must bring an affidavit of the amount of interest to be paid under the order—from such an order as this the clerk would draw three directions, one sum to go to one account, one to a second, and one, with interest, to a third—the certificates or directions are then handed over to another clerk to examine with the order—he then draws another certificate, which we call in the office a duplicate, but it is not exactly a duplicate, as the tense is altered—the first direction is to pay it in, and the other direction is, having paid it in; it is a duplicate with that difference—the first direction is taken into the Accountant-General, whose order the clerk proceeds to draw; and if the Accountant-General finds the certificates are drawn agreeably to the order he signs them—the second certificate is not signed then—it is put by—the first is entered in a book, and then delivered to the solicitor, who takes it to the Bank, pays the money, and obtains a Bank receipt—he then brings that receipt back to the Accountant-General's office, signed by the cashier, which is compared with the duplicate, and if found to be correct, it is annexed to the Bank receipt, signed by the Accountant-General, and taken to the office of the clerk of accounts, a branch of the Report-office, where they are both filed—office copies are then made of them—the originals are filed and kept in the Report-office, for the purposes of Court—the office copies are received by the Court as evidence—they are brought to the Accountant-General's office, and put into pigeon-holes under letters, for the solicitors to take away—(looking at the forged document)—this is very nearly in the form of such an office copy as I have described, but in those the price is 3s. 10d., and this is 2s. 4d.—a wrong price is charged for it—they charge so much per folio at the Report-office for copying, and the price is always put in the margin—it has nothing to do with the contents of the order—the document itself is in the ordinary form of an office-copy, such as I have described—there is no price on the original—the "2s. 4d." is not a copy of anything—such a certificate as this would not be a certificate under this order, because it directs to pay three different sums—the original could not possibly be drawn so, this is such a certificate as would be made if there was but one sum.


Q. Do you observe any appearance of a stamp upon that? A. Yes—it is very faint now—it purports to be the stamp of the Report-office, I have not the slightest doubt of it—the office copies issued from the Report-office always bear such a stamp as that—that is the evidence of their being office-copies—I have not the books of the Accountant-General here—I have searched the books all through—I have an original certificate here which the Bank sends to us of a night when the money is paid in—it is the practice for us to receive private intimation from the Bank every night of the money that has been paid in—I have searched every book of the Accountant-General in which entries would be made of this proceeding from the 5th of Nov., 1844, up to the prisoner's committal, and I find no entry whatever of any proceeding—the direction-book is kept by a junior clerk in the office—entries are made in it of all orders and payments of money into Court—if the order had been brought to the Accountant-General's office and acted upon, it would have appeared in the direction-book—I should have seen the direction from the Bank, but not the order—the second clerk in the office would have seen that, and would have drawn the direction—it would be my duty to examine both very minutely together, to see that they are alike, I mean the Accountant-General's certificate, and the Bank certificate, before he signs it—on my laying it before him he signs it—the order could not have passed the Accountant-General so as to get the money into the Bank, without my being cognizant of it—it could not have been acted upon without my having seen it—if the money had been paid I should have seen it, after it had been paid—there must, as a matter of course, have been an entry in the direction-book before the certificate is carried to the Bank—the direction-book is one of the public books of the office—I have examined that direction-book minutely from the date of the order to the time of the prisoner's committal—I have no recollection of any circumstance relating to the payment of this sum of 2596l. 17s. into the Bank, but it could not possibly have been paid under that order—it must have been in three separate certificates—it is quite impossible that, under such an order, there could have been such a certificate as this purports to be a copy of—we could not have told the amount without an affidavit, and there is no affidavit there—the original affidavit would be filed in the Affidavit-office, and we take the office-copy—I have not searched at the Affidavit-office—the solicitor would take the office-copy away with him with the order.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. What are the letters on that mark which you say purports to be the stamp of the Report-office? A. I really cannot read it—it is very different now to what it was when I first saw it—there is not a single letter distinctly visible—I think the stamp of the Report-office is as plain as can be—none of the documents are filed in our office—when the sums are to be paid in separately, there is a separate certificate from the Accountantgeneral—if one sum has interest to be calculated on it, that is to be ascer tained by affidavit—the interest must be ascertained up to the time of payment, and they swear the interest two or three days beyond the affidavit, so as to give them that time to pay the money in—the certificate certifies that the money has been paid in to the account mentioned in the order—they are both signed by the Accountant-General—we call it a certificate and a direction both—the certificate to pay in is an entirely separate document to the certificate that it has been paid in—one is sighed by the Accountant-General, and the other by a cashier of the Bank—they are both in the same certificate—they are distinct documents—they are both annexed to the receipt, and filed at the Report-office—I have nothing to do with the Report-office—the Accountant-General's office closed about the 17th or 18th of Aug., not so

early as the 10th—a direction to pay in money would have been attended to up to the very day of closing—there is generally a great rush of people before the office closes—a great number of orders are brought in for the payment of costs, which keeps the clerks employed—the office does not open again till about the 2nd of Nov., the first day of term—if the interest is calculated short of the day of payment we could not take the money—the Bank would not take it—the Accountant-General's direction is to pay in on or before, up to the date—there is no order that all sums paid to the Accountant-General should be paid in cash, and not by check—not one-tenth part of the railroad money has been paid in cash.

MR. ATTORNEY-GENERAL. Q. You say the certificate signed by the Accountant-General, of the money having been paid in is one document, and the receipt from the Bank another? A. Certainly—they are wafered together, and deposited in the Report-office—the office copies are made both from the certificate and the receipt, in one document, on one sheet of paper—it is one copy of the two documents.





JOHN REID
. I am in the office of the Clerk of Accounts. This paper purports to be an office copy of the certificate of the Accountant-General, and of the receipt of a cashier of the Bank—it being dated 25th June, the original would be filed in the office of accounts of the Report-office the following day, and at that time it would have been brought to me personally by a clerk of the Accountant-General—if it had been genuine (but it is a forgery) I should have examined it, and had it entered by a junior clerk in the journal of that division, and then I should myself have examined it with that journal—it would then be handed down to the Report-office to make an office copy—it would then come back to me, and remain in my custody twelve months—it would have been in my custody from June till now—I have no such paper in my custody corresponding with this.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. How do you ascertain that? A. Because I have examined them from the 23rd of May up to the end of Trinity term, and from that time onwards till the prisoner's apprehension, and there is no such document—I have examined the documents in the Report-office—they are done up in bundles, and arranged according to the return—I have searched those bundles since the 22nd of June—the Account-office is a branch of the Report-office—I am a clerk in the office of accounts—that has been established from the time the Accountant-General's Office was established in 1726—there are four divisions, and three clerks in each division—William Lambert is the senior clerk—he is called the chief clerk of accounts—the clerk of reports is John Reid, my father—he has held that situation from eight to ten years—he performs a great part of that duty himself—he is not able to perform the whole of it—he performed part of it in June and July, but was assisted by a younger son—he was at the office every day, never omitting one day—the original certificate would be deposited in the Accountoffice, not in the Report-office—they are afterwards filed in the office of accounts, and after that they become records—I have nothing to do with the office copies in my official capacity—I made the search among the files of certificates the day before I went to Bow-street—they are kept in my custody—I should say I looked over from 3000 to 4000—no one assisted me—I was engaged upon it about five hours—they are not folded, but lying open—I turned over each one separately, and read the titles of them—I mean to say distinctly, on my oath, that between June and Feb. no money whatever was placed to that account; not on account of the trustees in the matter of Edward Frank, a lunatic, on the account named in the order—the heading

of each particular account would give me that information—the heading of this account would be, "In the matter of the Rev. Edward Frank, a person of unsound mind"—I am quite certain there was no account of the sort—I could not find anything by the name of Frank—I looked at every part where it ought to have been in the book, and examined the whole of the others—I examined under the initial of the letter F; and moreover, had it been paid in, and not been in our book, we should not have agreed on our annual balance with the Accountant-General—there were not 4000 or 5000 of the letter F; but I looked under every certificate that had been filed in the office, from the first day of Trinity term till the day the prisoner was apprehended; and that included not only those of the letter F, but every letter in the division from D to I in which it could have been filed.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Assuming there had been a genuine document corresponding with that, could it possibly have been filed in any other division than that which you have searched? A. Certainly not.





FREDERICK REID
. I am the brother of the last witness, and am a clerk in the Report-office of the Court of Chancery—my father, John Reid, is the senior clerk in that office—I am a clerk under him—he filled that office in June last, and was attending there regularly during that month—the certificates of the Accountant-General, with the Bank receipts annexed, are brought into our office to have office copies made of them—this document is in the form of an office copy, but it is not a genuine document, because office copies are made with twenty-six lines in a page and seven words in a line, except the title, and "The Governor and Co.," is four words in a line in a genuine document—the fee here marked 2s. 4d., is not the proper fee—it would be 3s. 10d.—it is according to the number of folios—there is something here resembling the mark of a stamp—it is not made by our office stamp—there is a slight resemblance, and it looks near upon the same size—it was clearer when I saw it before—I never saw the words "Report-office" on it—there was a faint appearance of the word "office" when I first saw it, but I could not see the word "Report"—this is a genuine stamp (looking at one)—it is not on the same part of the paper—this is lower down—I should certainly say it is a forged and counterfeit document.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Who stamps them? A. Myself generally, sometimes my father, with a hand-stamp—the office copies are not always made by the clerks in the office, because it would be impossible to do all the work of the office—the work is sent out, not to law writers, but to persons whom we know, whom my father employs—they take them home to do—the solicitors' clerks never copy them—I never knew an instance of it, not of Accountant-General's certificates—they are not sometimes copied by mere children—they certainly have been copied by women who write a very good hand, but they are parts of the families of the clerks in the office, and by no one else—they are corrected with the original documents—they are persons whom we know, who would copy them accurately—we never send them to any but the families of clerks in the office—there is one other person—I have beeen acting for my father ever since he has been there—I should say there have not been hundreds of instances in which Accountant-General's certificates have been copied by persons unconnected with the clerks' families—they are given out by myself to the head writer, and then divided among the other writers, to each their portion—Accountant-General's certificates are always copied by the clerks, because we are particular about them—their families may do it, if there is not sufficient other work—it is confined to their families—it is not left to the clerks to copy them themselves, or to employ others—I should soon detect that—they are given out to the clerks in numbers, and

taken away—they must be copied properly, and they are hands that work for us all along—I know the hand-writing of all the persons sanctioned by us—I believe there are ten persons employed to copy certificates, five in the office and five out—I know their hand-writing—they all pass before me—there is Mr. M'Keen and his son, Mr. Sheen, Mr. Adcock, and Mr. Hatton, in our office—my brother, two daughters of Mr. M'Keen, and two daughters of Mr. Sheen out of the office—those are all that I am aware of—they always come back in the same hand-writing—if I saw a different hand, I should inquire whose it was—I believe we always keep to the same number of words in a line as near as possible—it would be impossible to do so always—there is a rule in the office that office copies are to be made in a general form, and I believe it is generally attended to, but it would be impossible to count every certificate that comes in—the object is to regulate the payment according to the number of folios—if I were to see anything wrong, I should make them copy it over again.

MR. WADDINGTON. Q. These are sent out by your father's orders to these different people to copy? A. They are—the writers examine them with the originals before they are given up to me—they are compared with the originals to see if they are correct, when or before they are brought back it is the duty of the writer to examine them—they are paid a halfpenny a folio for doing so—I then mark the fee upon them, and put on the stamp.

COURT. Q. Do you mark the fee on all the office copies? A. Sometimes they are marked by the writers, if they are certain about the date, but still it comes to me to see whether it is right or wrong—either myself or my father always put on the stamp—I act as my father's deputy—the originals are kept in the office of accounts twelve months—they are then arranged and labelled, and brought to our office, and there they remain—we make office copies of them if required—ours is the proper office in which they are ultimately deposited.





SAMUEL GEORGE SMYTH
. I am a clerk in the Chancery Office of the Bank of England—it is part of my duty to receive and pay money, according to the directions of the Accountant-General—on the production of a form similar to the first part of this document, I should receive monies presented at the office—when a party comes to pay money in at the Bank, he hands this direction to the clerk, with the money—the direction is preserved in our office—when the money has been paid a receipt is handed to the person paying it in—he takes it to the cashier to be signed—the entering clerk also signs the receipt—an entry of the payment is made in the cash-book, in many instances by the clerk who receives it, but not always—a duplicate is made out of all the payments made into the office during the day, and sent to the Accountant-General, a duplicate of the cash-book, with each item—that is sent by a messenger to the Accountant-General's office the same afternoon—after the cash-book leaves the office to which I belong, it is posted into the ledger, next morning—this document purports to be a copy of a Bank receipt—the name of the entering clerk is F. H. Ward, and the name of the cashier W. R. West—there was no cashier of that name in June last, nor any such entering clerk as F. H. Ward—I have the cash-book kept in our office of 25th June last—I made the entries on that day—there is no entry of any sum of 2596l. 17s. to the account of the Rev. Edward Frank, a person of unsound mind—I have searched further beyond that day to see if there is any such entry—there are five books, each cash-book does not work the same day—this is No. 5, and there are cash books numbered from 1 to 5, consequently on the morrow the 26th, No. I would be in work—I have searched all those books, and find no such payment—if it

had been paid on the 25th of June, it must have appeared in this particular cash book—the entry is always made the same day, and about half an hour or an hour after the receipt of the money—the directions which are brought are filed in our office—they are passed to the Ledger-office the day after they are brought, about nine o'clock in the morning, and are returned usually about eleven or twelve o'clock—I have searched the files, and there is no such direction as this.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. I believe it is the practice of the Accountant-General's office only to receive cash in payment? A. Only cash—a check would not be received as payment under the Accountant-General's certificate—it would not be received if it was a check from anybody who had an account with the Bank, because the drawing accounts are kept in the Drawingoffice, and the clerks in the Chancery-office have no means of knowing whether there is cash for such accounts, but a check from the Drawing-office would be received—there can be no such thing as a private check of the Accountant-General—it would be a Drawing-office check.





JOSEPH BOARDMAN
. I am a clerk in the Exchequer-office, of the Bank of England—I keep the ledger—it would be part of my duty to enter into the ledger the sums paid into the account of the Accountant-General—the letter F would be in my department—I have carefully examined the ledger—I have a copy of the account in question, relating to the Rev. Edward Frank—I have carefully examined it with the book—I got it from the ledger that is under my charge—(the check was here read.)

MR. SMYTH
re-examined. We should not receive a crossed check at the Accountant-General's office—we require the money—it is the universal practice to pay money in.

MR. PARKINSON
re-examined. I have now got the direction-book—I have searched it carefully from the 4th of Nov., 1844, up to the present time nearly—I find do entry of any direction or certificate relating to this sum of 2596l. 17s.
(Jonathan Wagstaff Bryant, Esq., Clement's-inn; Rev. Edward Manners, Goldby-hall, Leicestershire; Brodie Allan Cock, Esq., Laleham; William Revel Vigers, Esq., Russell-square; Hon. and Rev. Augustus Cavendish; John Heard Coe, Esq. Q.C.; William Scott, wine-merchant, Camden-street North; and William Henry Smith, Esq., barrister-at-law, deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 51.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

