



1453. 




JAMES FITZSIMMONS
 was indicted

 for stealing, at 
St. Botolph, Aldgate, 1 watch, value 8l., and 1 guard-chain, 1l.; the goods of 




John James Harris, in his dwelling-house.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN JAMES HARRIS
. I am a watch-maker—I live in Upper East Smithfield—on Friday evening, the 31st of July, between eight and nine o'clock, a person, a gentleman in appearance, came into my shop and said he was recommended to me for a gold patent lever watch—my daughter Susannah was in the shop and a lady named Miss Harding, of Burr-street—when the person came in who enquired for the lever watch, he came to the glass-case and sat down in a chair which was further from the door than the lady was—I produced him three watches with which he was not satisfied, and I showed him another—four patent lever watches I placed on the glass-case—in about ten minutes that gentleman was followed in by another person, who was, no doubt, the prisoner at the bar, but my attention was drawn off, attending to the lady with her earrings—I believe the prisoner is the person—he squeezed by the lady and got to the person who was looking at the watches—he said, 'Mr. Harris, what do you charge for cleaning a patent lever watch V—he had then squeezed in between the lady and the gentleman, which my daughter will be able to explain—I told him 4s. was the price—the prisoner then went immediately out of the shop—I should think in about two minutes—he did not produce any lever watch to be cleaned—when he came into the shop the four lever watches which I hadshown to the first man were safe, and two gold guardchains

were on the glass-case—the prisoner went out of the shop, and I should think in about a minute the other man went—before he went away he said, "I will call again to-morrow, Mr. Harris, and take one"—he went away, and my daughter hallooed out, "Father, there is a gold watch gone, and a gold guard"—I looked at the watches—there were only three on the glass-case then—one was gone.

COURT. Q. Was the prisoner near enough to have placed his hand on the guard, or the gold watch?—could he have reached the watch that was missing, or the chain? A. I should say not, unless it was given him by his companion—he was jammed in between the lady and this other man, that I do not think he could hardly move his hands—he was in a kind of vice between them—it was not necessary for him to press in, in the way he did, to get an answer to his question—he need not have done it—there was plenty of room by the side of Miss Harding.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Is that lady here? A. Yes, and she is a perfectly respectable lady—my shop is not a small one—there was a man there talking about these watches, and they were lying before him for observation—they were on the glass case—the lady was standing near the door—there was space between her and the door for anybody to have come to the counter—I think there was room for any person to have stood, even a big person—the person that came in passed the lady, to get in between her and the person who came to look at the watches—he came quite to the counter—the watches were opposite to the other man, and so they were to the prisoner—I was behind the counter, looking at him, and my daughter was there, looking at him, and How he could have managed it I do not know; it must have been magic to have tajten it—the prisoner was charged with picking the Lord Mayor's pocket—I went and saw him—he was not pointed out to me at all—my daughter went with me—I had not seen him in the interval, after he was in my shop, till he was in custody.

COURT. Q. You have not taken the other man? A. No—I should know him if I saw him.





SUSANNAH HARRIS
. I am the daughter of the prosecutor. I was in his shop on the occasion of this watch being lost—I saw the first person come in—he asked for patent lever gold watches—Miss Harding was not in the shop at the time—she came into the shop while the first person was there—our shop has a single window—it is a long shop—there is a long counter—it extends the whole depth of the shop—there is a glass case on the counter, which does not extend the whole way—it is at the farther end of the shop the other man went to the upper end of the shop, near the glass case, and there he wasshown the watches, on the case—Miss Harding was next to the man that was looking at the watches—she was standing, the man was sitting—Miss Harding is not an acquaintance of our family, she was a stranger to us—while the man was looking at the watches, the prisoner came, in—I am confident he is the man, I took such particular notice of him—Miss Harding was in the middle—the counter is on the right-hand side of the shop—the prisoner came to the right-hand side of Miss Harding—he said, "Mr. Harris, what do you charge for cleaning a three-quarter plate lever watch?"and he shuffled himself between Miss Harding and the man—it was not necessary, to have that question answered, that the prisoner should pass by Miss Harding, and get between her and the man who was looking at the watches—there was two yards vacant at the counter before he got there.

COURT. Q. Then he went from an easy position to a crowded one? A. Yes—he pushed himself very rudely in.


MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you observe anything either said or done, between the man who first came in and the prisoner? A. The man who ws looking at the watches was playing with a guard-chain, and when the prison was by him, I saw the man who was looking at the watches, put his han down, and just before his hand was on the glass case—he slipped his lei hand down behind him, as if to pass something to the prisoner—the prisonc was just behind him.

COURT. Q. Was the prisoner standing behind him, so that anythinj could be delivered to him by the other man? A. Yes.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long did the prisoner stay after that action A. Not a minute—I do not think he took but one step to get out, and the other man followed him—he went out directly, and said he would call agaii in three weeks—when he was gone, I missed a gold watch, and a chain—; alarmed my father.

COURT. Q. Was the watch and chain that was missed the watch the firs man was handling, and the chain he was playing with? A. Yes.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. How soon afterwards did you see the prisoner again I A. I think it was on the Monday, at the Mansion-house—he was not pointed out to me—directly I saw him I knew him—I said that was the man.

Cross-examined. Q. Where were you standing? A. On the side of the counter, with my father—I was further from the door than my father was—the man who was looking at the watches was exactly opposite to me—my father was serving him, but his attention was attracted by Miss Harding—she was opposite my father—when the prisoner came in at the door, he was by the side of Miss Harding—she was in the middle, and then he shifted himself, and came past Miss Harding, and opposite to where I was—I was looking all the while—I saw the man who was standing by the glass playing with a chain, twisting it round his finger—I saw him put his hand down—I did not see him remove the watch and chain—he had his handkerchief in hii right hand—his left hand was playing with the chain, and his left hand he put down—I was noticing he was playing with the chain with his left hand—I did not see him take it off—I was taking such particular notice of the prisoner at that time—I noticed the other man had a pocket-handkerchief in one hand, and a guard-chain in the other, and he put his left hand down towards the prisoner—I noticed that he had been with that hand playing with the guard just before—I did not notice that he took his hand off the case—I was looking at the prisoner—the lady who was there was a customer—there was nobody else in the shop.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was there anybody else came into the shop from the time your father produced the watches to the first man, till the prisoner came? A. No one but Miss Harding—I missed the watch almost directly after the first man went out.

COURT. Q. Have we taken you correctly, that your attention was in the first instance particularly drawn to the first man, so as to notice that he was playing with the chain in his left hand? A. Yes—after that my attention was drawn to the prisoner, and after that I saw the left hand of the first man pass behind him in a position, that if he had anything in his hand it might be delivered to the prisoner.





MARY ANN HARRIS
. I am a daughter of the prosecutor. I went out for a walk that evening, and when I came back I saw the prisoner standing in the shop—I am able to say he is one of the persons who were in the shop.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see him go out? A. Yes—I saw him through the glass of the parlour window.






CAROLINE HARDING
. I live at the King George tavern, at the corner of Burr-street, East Smithfield. On Friday evening, the last day of July, I had occasion to go to Mr. Harris's shop for a pair of earrings I had left to be mended—it was about half-past eight o'clock—I found Mr. Harris in the shop, and his daughter behind the counter, and a gentleman on this side the counter, at the further end—I believe they were looking at watches—I cannot be positive—I placed myself near the door—I had been in there three or four minutes, when another man came in—I was then about two or three feet from the man who was looking at the watches—the man who came in pressed by me in a very rude way, and went by the side of the man who was in the shop—I am not positive, but I believe die prisoner to be the man who came in—he asked Mr. Harris what he would charge for cleaning a watch—I believe that was what he said—there was no necessity at all for him to have passed me for the purpose of putting that question—when he had passed me he was as close as possible to the other man—he did not stay in the shop above a moment—he was out of the shop in a moment, and the other man followed him—he said he would rather have a watch like his brother's; and they were out of the shop in a moment.

COURT. Q. You went in and stood near the door? A. I staid a few minutes—I was in great haste, as my mother was ill—I asked Mr. Harris to serve me, and he left the watches to his daughter, and came to me—there was no necessity for the man to have passed me to have got to the counter—I could not observe whether that drew off the attention of parties from him—I was looking at my earrings.





JOHN JAMES HARRIS

re-examined. My house is in the parish of St. Botolph Without, Aldgate—it is my dwelling-house.




GUILTY
. † Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
