



445. 




GEORGE PAULO FITTS
 was again indicted

for a like offence.






CLARA COHEN.
 I am the wife of Lemon Cohen—he was transported—I do not know for what as I was lying-in at the time—it is six months ago—the prisoner called upon me about four months ago—he asked how my husband was—I said he was transported—he asked me whether I was not going

to do something for him—I said, "I do not know what to do"—he said, "Try—draw up a petition"—I said would consider of it—he came again—he said he had got a petition, and I gave him half-a-crown—he called the week after, and I gave him 3s.6d.—he said that was to buy paper for the petition—he took me to Cornhill one Saturday night, and left me out of doors while he went in—he came out with paper in his hand, and said, "You see I am doing the thing that is right; I have laid out that money for paper"—the second money he had was 3s. 6d.—the third was 3s. 6d.—he had 1l. 16s. in all—he said he was doing the thing that was right, and he was every time kissing my children, and they were saying, "For God's sake get my father home"—I know my husband was innocent—one night the prisoner came in all in a fluster and said, "I cannot get the brief; Mr. Ballantine's clerk will not give me the brief"—he said, "I have seen Mr. Ballantine and the clerks to-day up at Palace-court; I have had an interview with Mr. Ballantine; he will not give the brief without half-a-crown"—I said, "I have not got half-a-crown, and sent my little girl with him to bring the duplicate back—he got but 2s. on them—he came back and said, "I will put down a sixpence to it and get the brief"—he went away, and I saw no more of him for five weeks—if he had not told me that he had got a petition, and bought the paper, and was going to get my husband out, and that he had seen Mr. Ballantine's clerk, I should not have given him all this money—I thought he was doing the perfect thing that was right—I have walked the streets for my children three days in slippers—this has hurt me more than the conviction of my husband did.





LEWIS JONES.
 I am clerk to Mr. Huddleston, but I mind Mr. Ballantine's chambers. I never had an interview with the prisoner respecting Mrs. Cohen's business—I never saw him—he never applied to me about her husband or about any brief for him, nor to anybody on the part of Mr. Ballantine that I know of.





HENRY JACKSON.
 I am in the service of Mr. Ballantine at his chambers.
The prisoner has never been to me—I only saw him yesterday week.





JONE WORCESTKR.
 I am Mr. Ballantine's clerk, and have been so for five years. I have never seen the prisoner, or anybody on his behalf, on the subject of Cohen's case—he has never applied for any brief—he has never consulted me or Mr. Ballantine for anybody.

Cross-examined by
MR. HARRY.
Q Are you and last witness the only person at his chambers? A. Yes, there is no other young man there.




GUILTY.* Aged 35.—



Transport for fourteen years.


