



2477. 




GEORGE JOHNSON
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 pair of boots, value 10s. 6d., the goods of 



Thomas Steele, and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JOHN BROWN
. I am foreman to Thomas Steele, a boot and shoemaker, in Oxford-street. About the 27th of Sept. we had some boots hanging outside the shop-window—the policeman told us something, and I missed them—these

are them—they are my mastter's—there is a ticket on them which enables me to swear to them.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. When did you see this ticket on them before the policeman called on you? A. About six o'clock in the evening—I believe it was on them at Bow-street—I am not positive—I can swear to the boots without the ticket—I know them by the tops of them—they are not my own make—they are not my master's work—there are three men in my master's shop—he has four shops—in all our shops we have not such a boot as this—I do not think there is such a description of boot as this in any shop in London, from the manner in which it is made on the top—it is done different to what we have any other boot in the shop—these boots were bought by my master—I can swear that I did not sell them.





WILLIAM WEST
 (police-constable F 106.) About half-past seven o'clock in the evening of the 27th of Sept., I met the prisoner in St. Clement's-lane with something under his arm—knowing him, I went towards him—as soon as he saw me he ran away, and dropped these boots—I had not spoken to him then—I took up the boots, and found the ticket pasted on them—I did not take him then—I knew him well.

Cross-examined. Q. What time was this? A. Half-past seven o'clock in the evening—I saw no persons round but him, and he passed me with the boots—I took him a quarter of an hour after, and he said he knew nothing about it.





GEORGE WILKINS
 (police-constable F 133.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
 Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

