





801. 




JOHN SMITH,



 WILLIAM KITCHEN
, and 



WILLIAM NEALE



, stealing a hamper and 24 dead fowls, value 30s.; the goods of 



Joseph Younghusband and another.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY WOOTTEN.
 I am in the employ of Mr. Younghusband, of Gerrard's-hall, Basing-lane. On Wednesday morning, 16th Feb., I delivered a hamper of poultry out of master's wagon to the prisoner Smith—I told him to take it to Mr. Piggot's, a poulterer, in Newgate-market—I did not then know where Mr. Piggot lived—I have been shown it since—Smith went to the right instead of to the left.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. Did you know Smith? A. Yes; I had seen him several times before—he was employed in pitching things from wagons—I have understood he has been in the navy—he took this hamper on his back, and went to the right, whether he went the right way afterwards I cannot tell—my wagon was in Newgate-market—there was a porter there named Thompson, he is in the service of Mr. Younghusband—he would have to pay Smith for what he did—I did not see Smith in the market after that.





THOMAS WILLIAM BROWN.
 I keep the Old King John, in Holywell-lane. On 16th Feb., about ten minutes past five o'clock in the morning, a cab came to my house—Kitchen knocked at my door—I opened it—he asked if I was going to close again—I sad, "Yes; for about half an hour"—he asked me to allow him to leave a hamper—I said, "Yes," and I gave him the key of the tap-room—he left it, and said he would call for it in a short time—I went to bed again, and got up about twelve—the hamper was still there in the tap-room—I took it into the kitchen—I just opened the wickers of the basket, and saw there was poultry in it—at half-past eight the same evening, Neale and Smith came—Neale said to me, "You have a hamper here"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "I shall call for it in the morning"—I said, "I shall not let you have it, without the party who left it is present"—he said, "It is all right"—Smith said, "The party that left it is very ill; he is in bed; if I go and get a note from him, I suppose you will let me have it"—I went into the parlour and came out again, and said, "I shall not let you have it; if Kitchen were here, I should not let him have it"—I asked them to leave me their names and addresses, and that of the party who left it, and I would call in a policeman and deliver it up to them—they said they were agreeable to that—I took down their names—I have it here, "John Smith, John Neale, and William Kitchen, 5, Milton-street"—Smith said he was servant to Kitchen, and attended to a horse and cart—I went for a policeman, and when I came back they were gone.

Cross-examined. Q. Were they brought back? A. They were—I sent one of my children—they had not gone for—they were allowed to go away.





JOB SMITH
 (policeman, G 44.) I received information from Mr. Brown, and apprehended Neale—he said he went by the direction of Smith.


Cross-examined. Q. Was not what he said, that he went by the direction of the other man, who was at large? A. No—I will swear that—Kitchen was not then at large, he had been taken on Wednesday morning, and was in the Compter.





ROBERT GOODWIN
 I am driver of the cab, No. 1477. On that Wednesday morning I was asleep in my cab, at the corner of King-street, Cheapside—I was awoke, and two men put a hamper into the cab—I could not swer to them—I believe Kitchen was one—he got into the cab', the other man went away momentarily—I had never seen either of them before—I took the hamper to holwell-lane—he told me to pull up, which I did—I turned round, and said I was going home to Lamb's conduit-street—he said, "I am going that way, will you give me a life?"—I said, "You may do as you like"—he rode, but he got down before he got to Smithfield—he paid me a shilling in the public-house.





HENRY WOOTTEN

re-examined. This is the hamper I delivered to Smith. JOSEPH YOUNGHUBAND I am a tavern-keeper and railway-carrier. I have one partner—Wootten is my servant—I saw Smith on the Monday after this matter, at Gravesend—he had left his lodgings on Thursday night or Friday morning.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you send for Smith in the after part of the day when this happened? A. I did—he went with one of my men to endeavour to find the hamper—Kitchen was at that time in custody—Mr. Piggot's place is in the centre of Newgate-market—the Smith went was twenty yards further—I believe he was paid by our foreman in the market, perhaps a glass of gin—when I sent for Smith in the afternoon, he would not come—he had been with one of our men.





JAMES HUDSON SPARKES
(policeman.) I took Smith—I asked him if he knew Cooper and Kitchen—he said, "I do, well"—I said, "You are charged with stealing a hamper of fowls last Wednesday"—he said it was a bad job, and he asked me to go with his wife to where he had paid for his night's lodging, and get the shilling.

Kitchen's Defence. I was going to the market; I met a countryman with a hamper on his back; he asked me to take it for him as near to the Eastern Counties Railway as I possibly could; he came to the cab man, and I went and left it; I did not tell Mr. Brown that I should call for it in a little time; I came back, and the man was gone.

SMITH—


GUILTY. Aged 26.—



Confined One Year.


KITCHEN—


GUILTY. Aged 46.—


Transported for Seven Years



NEALE—NOT GUILTY.


