





872. 




EDWARD SMITH,



 JOHN PROCTER
, and 




JAMES GILL
, were indicted for

stealing 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 




John Russell, clerk, from his person; and that Procter had been before convicted of felony.


SMITH
pleaded



GUILTY
. Aged 14.—



Confined Four Months.






HENRY MONTAGUE
 (City police-constable, No. 481.) About twelve o'clock, on the 2nd of April, I was in Cheapside—I saw the three prisoners all together—I followed them down Cheapside and the Poultry—they were following an elderly gentleman—they left him, and turned down George-stieet—I afterwards saw them following the prosecutor in Long-lane—he went through a court into Cloth-fair, and they followed him—Smith then went behind him—he lifted his coat up, took this handkerchief from his pocket, and put it into his bosom—he and the other prisoners then went through a public-house into Smithfield—I followed, and took Procter.





WILLIAM STEWART
. I live in Trinity-lane. On the 2nd of April, about 12 o'clock, I was in Aldersgate-street—I saw the prisoners following the prosecutor into Long-lane, and up a court to Cloth-fair—Smith there made a sort of run, and the other two after him—when they got to the prosecutor, Smith drew the handkerchief out, and put it into his bosom—I ran after him into the pens in Smithfield—I chased him for two or three minutes—he took this handkerchief out of his bosom, and threw it on the ground—I took it up.





REV. JOHN RUSSELL
, D.D. I live in Devonshire-square—I was in Cloth-fair, and found my handkerchief was gone—I ran into Smithfield, and there I saw Smith take the handkerchief from his waistcoat, and throw it on the ground—this is my handkerchief.






EDWARD HARDING
 (City police-constable, No. 274.) I produce a certificate of Procter's conviction, by the name of 


Charles Sayers, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read—Convicted 1st July, 1844, and confined four months)—he is the person.

PROCTER—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.


GILL—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.—



Confined Four Months.

