




1121. 




DAVID CONWAY
 and 




GEORGE PERRY



, stealing 8 shirts, and other articles, value 5l. 12s. 6d.; the goods of 



George Young.






GEORGE YOUNG.
 I live in Queen-street, Chelsea—my wife is a laundress. On 20th March I went to a house in Hanover-terrace, Regent's-park, and received a check bag, a little larger than a pillow, containing eight shirt, pink striped, black striped, and spotted ones, eight collars, one flannel shirt, eight handkerchiefs, and two pairs of socks—I brought it through the Park, and gave it to Blackwell to put in his cart, about half-past seven o'clock—I returned in five minutes—the bundle was then gone—I have not seen it since.





THOMAS BLACKWELL.
 I live in Henry-street, Chelsea—I keep the horse and cart—I put the bundle into the cart, and went to a public house—when I came back it was gone.





JOHN WOOD.
 I keep a lodging-house, in Steven-street, Liason-grove. On 20th March the prisoner lodged with me—about half-past eight that evening conway came to my parlour door—he had a kind of check bundle, about the size of a pillow—Perry was in the passage.





THOMAS HASELDINE
 (policeman, D 104.) I took Conway—he said he knew nothing about it.





ROBERT BUNNING.
 About half-past eight o'clock at night on 20th March, I was sitting with Mr. Wood—Conway came in with a bundle, in a check bag—I believe Perry was at the door, I did not see him—Wood desired Conway to take the bundle out immediately—I listened, and heard him offer a boy at the door a shilling to carry it for him, I could not hear in what direction—they went away—Perry came in about ten o'clock by himself—he said he wished to speak to me, he produced two handkerchiefs, and asked if I knew where he could dispose of them—I said no—he remained some time, and went a away—a little after ten, Conway came in, and said there was something up, and they must not sleep there that night—I asked Perry what he had done with the bundle—he said Conway sold the things for 15s., and he had half the money—he said they were a lot of shirts and collars, beautiful things, worth 6l. or 7l., and there were pink stripe shirts.





JAMES BURLHAM.
 I gave Mr. Young the articles stated.

Conway's Defence. Between eight and nine o'clock Perry came to me in Steven-street, with a bundle or a handkerchief, and asked if I would carry it in for him; I did; the landlord sent me out; I went out, and gave it to Perry.

Perry's Defence. Conway owes Wood some money, and this is done out of spite.





JOHN WOOD

re-examined. They do not owe me money—they paid nightly.

CONWAY†—


GUILTY. Aged 17.

PERRY*—


GUILTY. Aged 19.





Transported for Seven Years.

