




2610. 




JOHN WALTERS
 and 




HENRY REEVES
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
16th of October, 1 necklace, value 5s., the goods of 



Edward Cox, from the person of 



Sarah Cox the younger.






SARAH COX
. I am the wife of Edward Cox, a plumber and glazier, at Stoke Newington. On Friday, the 16th of October, I went to the street-door to take in some bread—my daughter Sarah, who is a year and a half old, followed me to the door and went down the step—I left her there for about two minutes, and then her necklace was gone off her neck—I saw no person near the door—I went down the street, and saw Walters walking away—Agar and Sugg fetched a policeman, who took Walters into custody—the necklace was three rows of coral, and was clasped securely round her neck.





GEORGE AGAR
. I am thirteen years old, and live in High-street, Kingsland. On the 16th of October, as I was going into my school, opposite Mr. Cox's house, I saw the two prisoners coming up the lane—the child came a little way from the door to play with some more children—Reeves crossed over towards the children, and Walters went a little way farther, and stood still looking over towards the fields—he could not see what Reeves did—Reeves patted the little baby on the back, and pulled the snap of the necklace round to the back, he then unsnapped it and put his hand into his pocket with the necklace, he then went towards Walters, who was waiting for him, tapped him on the shoulder and said something to him, and they walked away together—I told the children what had happened, and a little girl cried out—Reeves then ran away as fast as he could, and Walters walked quite fast in the same direction—MRS. Cox came out, and I told her.

Walters. Q. Did you see me come down the lane with Reeves? A. Yes—you were talking to him.





WILLIAM SUGG
. I am eleven years old. I was at play with Agar before school-time, and saw the prisoners coming up the lane—they passed the school—MRS. Cox went in-doors with the bread, and Reeves crossed over, stood a little while, and then tapped the little girl on the shoulder, put his hand into his pocket, pulled it out again, then pulled the beads round behind her neck, unsnapped them, took them off, and put them into his pocket—Walters went on to the end of the school, and stood still, looking over towards the fields—he was about thirty yards from Reeves—Reeves joined him, and tapped him on the shoulder, said something, and they walked away together—the little girl raised an alarm, then Reeves ran and Walters walked away quite fast.





WILLIAM HORSNELL
 (police-constable G 172.) On the night of the 18th I took Walters into custody—I went to No. 5, West-street, Field-lane, after locking him up, as he had given that address among other places, and I found Reeves there, and took him in charge with two females.


Walters. I did not tell him where I lived. Witness. He first told me he lived in Wentworth-street, Whitechapel, and afterwards said No. 5 West-street, Field-lane.

Walters. It was not me, it was a person who he had given some beer to. Witness. Walters told me that address—I know the prisoners both live in one room together, and each of them have a girl, one of which girls is now for trial in the other court—I found ten or a dozen bad girls in the house.

Reeve's Defence. I was not with Walters.

REEVES—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

WALTERS—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.




Transported for Ten Years.
(There was another indictment against Walters.)
