





1350. 




PATRICK BRYAN
 and 




JAMES KERR



, stealing 12lbs, weight of copper, value 6s.;the goods of 



Duncan Dunbar; both having been previously convicted.






GEORGE WILSON.
 I am a constable of the East and West India Docks I was on duty on 14th April, about one o'clock, at the East India Dock basin—I saw prisoners and two other men come out of the import dock, and go out of the gate leading on to the Brunswick Wharf—I saw Bryan and one of the others run out of the gate—I informed some other officers—we all went out into the road, and saw the two prisoners and the other two menbryan looked bulky—I went up to him and said. "Bryan, you have got something about you; you must come inside"—I took him in, and found on him these four parcels of copper, two inside his waistcoat and two inside his trowsers—he said he had found it in the dust-bin—I had seen the prisoners leave the dock in the same directions, with the same two men, once previous to that.





JOHN WHITE.
 I am a constable of the dock. I was at the export dock gate when Willson stopped Bryan—I stopped Kerr—he said, "You won't want me; you want the other men that have run away"—I said, "I have got you and I shall keep you"—I searched him, and found 4lbs, of copper in the waistband of his trowsers—he said it was given him by a man in a public-house—Bryan said, "It is no use telling a lie about it; we may as well tell the truth."





EDWARD HENRY COLLINGWOOD.
 I am in the employ of a shipwright I was employed in taking some copper off the ship Earl Grey, belonging to Mr. Duncan Dunbar—I threw the copper on the punt—I can swear to all this copper, except two pieces—it came off that ship—two of these pieces in particular I can swear to, and the other I have no doubt of—they were all in the punt, which was under the ship's acting as a stage for me to work at the vessel—I know this piece by my own marking on it, and this one by its acting as a brace under the pump case.





JAMES GATLOR.
 I am ship-keeper of the Earl Grey, and live on board I took the copper from the punt into the store, where it was kept—it belonged to Duncan Dunbar—I went to the store on the day after this copper was found, and it was all gone.

Kerr. Q. How long was the copper in the store before you missed it? A. About nine or ten days.





THOMAS PINNER.
 I was working for Mr. Gladstone—I went to the store shed between ten and eleven o'clock—I found the padlock broken—I told the officer—I found the prisoners in custody the same day.





SAMUKL GLADSTONE.
 I am superintendent to Mr. Duncan Dunbar. I know this copper—this is a piece we took off the cook's house—I sent this to the store-shed—this other came from the ship Westmeath, and was in the same shed—I saw the shed the day previous, and the lock was quite safe—both the ships belong to Mr. Duncan Dunbar.

Bryan's Defence. I passed by the dock officer; he saw no copper with me.





WILLIAM SOMES.
 I ama constable of the London Dock. I produce a certificate of Bryan's former conviction, at Clerken well—(read—Convicted Oct., 1847, and confined three months)—he is the person.





THOMAS HOLMES.
 I am an inspector of police. I produce a certificate of Kerr's former conviction, at this Court—(read—Convicted April, 1840, and transported for seven years)—he is the person.

BRYAN—


GUILTY. Aged 28.

KERR—


GUILTY. Aged 32.





Transported for Ten Years.

