



2407. 




JOHN WENSLEY
 was indicted

 for embezzlement.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






CHRISTOPHER DANIEL HAYES, JUN
. I am the son of Christopher Daniel Hayes. I am a floor-cloth manufacturer, and live in Fenchurch-street, and have a factory in Hackney-road—the prisoner was my foreman for about sixteen years—he was paid by piece-work—he was able to earn from 30s. to 35s. a week—the retail business at Hackney-road was very small—the prisoner's attention was confined to that place alone—I keep no clerk there—the prisoner acted as clerk there, and I allowed him 4s. 6d. a week for that—he said to his private friends, and accounted to me for that, but that was a distinct account altogether—when he received orders, it was his duty to place them in the order-book, and when he received money, he put it down immediately in the cash-book—I am principally in Fenchurch-street—there was no fixed period at which he ought to account to me—it might be six weeks or longer, but it was his duty on receiving money to put it down at once—in July last I found he was drunken, and had to discharge him—he settled his accounts the following day—there was a balance of half-a-crown due to me, which I never received—I did not care about it—after he was gone, ou referring to my book, I sent out accounts to various customers—the prisoner had never accounted to me for 4l. 10s. received from Mr. Parnell, nor 5l. from Dr. Burder, nor 2l. 8s. 6d. from Gopp—they do not appear in the cash-book—the goods were entered in the journal, or I should not have found them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is your father here? A. No, the prisoner's father had been in the service of our family—he and his father had been employed for forty years for us—the books which he used

were left in the desk in the factory which he used—he had the key of that desk—I had the lock picked that I might open it—that was before I discharged him.

Q. Did he not ask for an inspection of the books from you? A. He never did—that I swear solemnly—he called on me after he was discharged—he did not then demand that the account should be gone into—I demanded it—he did not demand to see the state of the books—this was on the day after his discharge—I settled the cash-book, but those accounts that I charge him with embezzling I could not settle—I settled the accounts represented to me.

Q. Were there not books occasionally taken from the factory to Fen-church-street, and was not the prisoner left then either to trust to hit memory, or take slips of paper to put accounts on, and to transfer them to the books when they returned to the factory? A. Yes, but I do hot suppose that was done three times—the books were never away at Fenchurch-street for six weeks together—I took them monthly to Fenchurch-street—one of them might be there sometimes for a fortnight, but he had another book to place these things in.

COURT. Q. Did the cash-book go away for a fortnight? A. No, the journal I refer to.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was the cash-book never taken? A. Yes, at sundry times, perhaps twice in the year—it might be four times—I swear it was not six times—three books used to go to Fenchurch-street—one went monthly—among the books that went was the cash-book—I generally used to keep it at Fenchurch-street one day—I might keep it a week, or I might keep it a fortnight—during that time the prisoner had another book, or he might have put the accounts on slips of paper—no doubt there were frequent mistakes in consequence of this.

Q. Did not the prisoner come to you in the month of July after his discharge, and ask you to settle the accounts? A. No, I swear I did not give him for answer that another time would do—he called on me on the day after his discharge, and we settled the accounts—he called on me several times afterwards—I never told him another time would do after we had settled.

COURT. Q. What did he call for? A. On one occasion he called to ask if I would give him a character, and there were several things belonging to him in the place—I turned him away for drunkenness—he was away from Monday till Friday, and I wanted the books, which was the reason I opened the desk.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you no quarrel with him on politics? A. None, sir-—I do not know which way he voted at the election—I never asked him—I voted myself, but had no quarrel with him for voting on the opposite side—I do not know that he voted, nor that he quitted my place for the purpose of voting—he quitted me at twelve o'clock on the Monday.

MR. DOANE. Q. The journal went regularly every month to Fen-church-street, and the cash-book occasionally? A. Yes—the order-book would still be left with the prisoner—it was not his duty to enter these accounts in the order-book—it was not usual to enter them there—he had a cash-book of his own besides mine—he was in the habit of entering the accounts in his own private cash-book, and then transferring them to mine.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What day of the month were the books taken to

Fenchurch-street? A. On the first of each month—it was not on the 2nd of July that the prisoner called on me—I discharged him on the 3rd—the books were not at Fenchurch-street when I discharged him—they were in his desk—that was why I broke it open to send them to Fen-church-street.

Q. When did the books go to Fenchurch-street? A. On the 1st of July, and I discharged the prisoner on the 3rd—the books might be at Fenchurch-street when I discharged him—I have no doubt they were—they were at Fenchurch-street on the 1st of July—I will swear they were, and I discharged him on the 3rd—the desk was broken open on the 1st, and the books went back from my house to the factory on the 2nd, that I swear.

MR. DOANE. Q. Was the prisoner present on the 1st? A. No; he had absconded from the Monday till the Friday—it was not his duty to be absent—on the 1st of July I wanted the books, and, he being absent, I was obliged to pick the lock to get them—the cash-book is here, and these three entries do not appear in it—he had no right to be away, as he was doing piece-work, which is done in the factory—there are other persons belonging to my establishment living on the premises.





WILLIAM PARNELL
. I live in Alfred-terrace, Cambridge-road. I bought a piece of floor-cloth of the prosecutor—I paid the prisoner, on the 29th of May, 4l. 10s. for it—this is the receipt for it—I saw him write it.





ELIZA ALICE GOPP
. I live at Hackney. I sent a bag to be painted at Mr. Hayes's factory, in Hackney-road—I paid the prisoner 2l. 8s. 6d. for it in October last—he wrote this receipt for it.





GEORGE PHILLIPS
. I am servant to the Rev. Dr. Burder, of Mare-street, Hackney. I saw the prisoner give my master this receipt for 5l. in October last.





WILLIAM SANDERS
 (police-constable N 170.) I took the prisoner on the 17th of August—I told him to be cautious what he said—I said I took him for embezzling several sums from his master—he said, "I to not know any thing about it; if I did it, 1 did it when I was lumpy."

Cross-examined. Q. What is lumpy? A. I imagine it means drunk.
(Thomas Tagg, an undertaker in Sun-street, Bishopsgate; William Service, a calico print-cutter; and Mr. Gearish, an ironmonger; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
