



674. 




JOHN UPTON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
28th of January, 15 1/4lbs. weight of copper, value 14s. the goods of 



William Simpson and another, his masters.


MR. HEATON
conducted the Prosecution.






ROBERT NEEDHAM
. I am in the employ of James and William Simpson, who are engineers, in the Belgrave-road. They have copper similar to this in their store-room—on the 28th of January I and another person

received directions to be in their store-room in the evening, in consequence of having made a report of some being lost—the prisoner was in their employ, and had been so nearly three years, as a private watchman—there are two store-rooms—one of them has three doors, one of which leads into the counting-house, but it was locked—when we went into the store-room the foreman locked us in, and put the key where it was usually put, in a drawer in the counting-house—this was about seven o'clock in the evening—about half-past eight o'clock I heard some one unlock the door, and the prisoner came in at the door which led to the lobby of the small store-room, with a lantern in his hand with a lighted lamp in it—he went direct to the place where the copper was deposited, and took one piece, as I ascertained afterwards—he returned in the same direction, locked the first and second doors, and went out—I got out of the place where I was concealed, and opened another door which has no lock on, went out, and detected him a few yards from the last door—Chivers came up while I had hold of him—he had this piece of copper with him, which is 15 1/2lbs., and it worth about 11d. per lb.—I collared him, and said, "I want you, old fellow; I am very sorry I have been obliged to watch to detect you"—he did not know who I was—he was in a kind of stupor, but afterwards he asked who I was, and begged me to say nothing about it—Chivers came up, and took the copper from him.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not give the key of the store-room into my possession, and tell me to open the door? A. Never—I have a key here which does not open the store-room—this I hare given the prisoner to let a woman in that cleans the office.





FREDERICK CHIVERS
. I am a carman, in the employ of Messrs. Simpson. On the 28th of January I was set with Robert Needham to watch the store-room—I heard some one unlock the door, and saw the prisoner enter, walk deliberately to where the copper was, take a piece, put it under his arm, and walk out, and I heard him lock the door after him—I saw Needham go after him—I followed, and came up with him—Needham collared him, I took the copper from under his left arm, and his lantern from his hand—I took him to the lodge, and Needham went to Mr. Simpson—I saw something shining in the prisoner's hand, and took this key of the store-room from it, which he had let himself in and out with—I asked what could possess him to do it—he said he did not do it for himself—I said, "You must be a foolish man to do it for others"—he said, "There is no knowing what you may do before you die, Fred."—I gave the policeman the copper—it is Mr. Simpson's.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not leave the copper with you, and did you not call me a b—y scoundrel? A. I did not.





JOHN LEGG
 (police-constable K 155.) I was fetched to the prosecutors' premises about five minutes past nine o'clock—I found the prisoner in custody of Chivers, who pointed out the property.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not tell you there had been an argument with the men about the weight of that copper, and I was going to weigh it? A. You said you were going to weigh it, but you first said you had not had it, and that Chivers did not find it on you.





ROBERT NEEDHAM

re-examined. There were men at work in the top part of the premises, but not where the prisoner took the copper from—his wife comes there at different times.

Prisoner's Defence. There had been an argument about the weight of

some pieces of copper—some said they were from twenty to thirty pounds—I took one piece to weigh, and these men came up to me—I did not know who they were—it was not likely I should go then to steal it, when I could go any hour at night—the men were coming from work.
(Amelia Mullins, a widow, of King's Head-court, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 46.—


Transported for Seven Years.
