




183. 




WILLIAM SMITH
 and 




MARY DAVIS
 were again indicted for

 stealing, on the 
12th of October, 1 painting, value 1l. 15s.; 2 ornaments, value 1l. 5s.; 1 counterpane, value 1s. 15s.; 2 sheets, value 4s.; and 2 towels, value 2s.; the goods of 



Mary Williams; and that Smith had been before convicted of felony.






MARY WILCOX
. I live at No. 8, Edward's-yard, and am servant to Mary Williams—she does not live there, but at Highgate—there are two servants in the house, Ann Jones and me—Mrs. Williams comes every week for her money. On the 12th of October Davis came and asked if she could have a room—I told her, "Yes"—she asked if it was well-furnished—I said, "Yes"—she said a gentleman she was about to meet was very elegant, and she would return with him in half-an-hour—she went away, and returned with Smith about ten o'clock—they went into the back room on the first floor—my fellow-servant went up with them—in about ten minutes Davis came into the back yard, and opened my kitchen-door—she had no bonnet on—she said she was afraid if I had not a front room ready, her gentleman would not stop—I told her I would light a fire in the front room, and it would be ready in a few minutes—she then went up again to the back room—I lighted the fire—my fellow-servant knocked at the door of the room they were in, and told them the front room was ready—they went into it, and remained there twenty minutes or half-an-hour—Davis then came down stairs and Smith behind her—my fellow-servant opened the door to let them out—I was coming in at the back door at the time—I heard Smith say to my fellow-servant, "Will you allow my lady to wait here to-morrow night, I will meet her it half-past nine o'clock?"—he then said to Davis, "Go on, my dear, I will overtake you"—he then said, "By the bye, I have left my gloves up stairs, but that will do when I come to-morrow night"—I was going up stairs to fetch them when he made his way out of the house—he had paid my fellow-servant 5s. for the room up stairs—I was in the adjoining room, and saw him give her the money—that was after I had lighted the fire in the front room—he said to Davis, "Excuse me Madam for a few moments" then closed the door and paid it—after he was gone I went up stairs—I found one candle in the front room that they had been in, and one in a little bed-room adjoining—I missed two towels from the dressing-table, and a large counterpane and two sheets from the bed in that little room, and from the front sitting-room which they bad been in an oil-painting had been cut out of the frame and was gone, and two china ornaments—I had placed all those things there myself when I lighted the fire—I found one of the panes of glass in the window was broken, which was not broken when I showed them into the room, and the window had been unfastened, which I had fastened down myself, which is a general rule when we close the shutters—I had hasped it about half-past eight o'clock—I am quite sure

the prisoners are the persons—I saw them again on the 23rd in custody—I have never seen any of the property.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Where is this house? In Edward's yard, Langham-place—it is not a public thoroughfare—there are four houses in it, and some stables—the front of the house is in Edward's-yard, which leads into Edward-street—you can get out of Edward's-yard by going through a public-house, which will lead into Portland-street—our house is only one story high—there are two back rooms and two front rooms up stairs—I have lived there nearly six months—the bed was made, all but sheeting, before the prisoners came—I put the sheets on after they were there—I am a widow, and have two children—when I went to this house I had been out of place a long time, and was glad to take any place—a female friend who had been in the habit of living in such places, told me of it—I went to the house, but Mrs. Williams was not there—I waited there to be hired, and Mrs. Williams came three days after and hired me—I had never seen her before—she has never lived on those premises since I have been there—my fellow-servant pays her what money is taken in the house—it is taken from the till and given her—I sometimes take money there—it is put into a drawer, which is kept locked up—my fellow servant generally locks it, but I lock it some times—I never paid Mrs. Williams any thing—she comes every week from three to four o'clock in the afternoon—she receives no regular sum, but whatever is taken in the house—some weeks there it more taken than others—I have 6s. a week and what I receive at the door—Mrs. Williams pays me the 6s. out of the money taken—she never stays in the house, and I do not know where to find her at Hampstead—I do not know whether she is married or single—for aught I know she has got a husband—I never heard but that she was a widow—she did not complain of the loss of this property before the Magistrate.

Davis. Q. Who did I come with when you first saw me? A. By yourself.





JOSEPH SHACKLE
. I produce a certificate of the former conviction of the prisoner Smith, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I apprehended him, and was present at his trial—he is the person.

Cross-examined. Q. How many years is that ago? A. I—took him on the 14th of January, 1837, with two other persons—I had him up to the 4th of February in my custody, and I have seen him since, and spoken to him—I will swear he is the man.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

DAVIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—



Confined Twelve Months.
