



1459. 




JACOB ISAAC PERETZ
 was indicted

 for stealing, at 
St. George, Hanover-square, twelve spoons, value 5l., the goods for 



Henry Jubber, in his dwelling-house, and that he had been before convicted of felony.






HENRY JUBBER
. I keep Long's Hotel, New Bond-street—it is my dweling-house, and is in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square. On the 20th of May the prisoner came and occupied apartments at my hotel—he gave the name of Shakepace—he remained there in that name till the 30th of may, and then left without paying his bill, and did not come back—the plate was counted that night—I did not count it—the person who counted it is not here—I missed twelve silver table-spoons—I afterwards saw the prisoner at the Police-station—these spoons produced are mine—they are worth mines than 5l.—the marks have been filed out, but enough remains for me to know them by—I have no partner.





ELMANOR WOODS
. I am the wife of William Woods, of the Castle hotel, Aldersgate-street. On Tuesday afternoon I was in Furnival's-inn—my hus-band also keeps an hotel—the prisoner came there in a cab about four o'clock, and asked for a bed—I am quite sure he is the person—we told him we were full, but we would give him a bed in a private house—he gave the name of Curtis—I thought I had seen him before—he brought this bag produced—he asked if he could go up to wash—he was gone up stairs I think about ten minutes—when he came down, I said, "I think I know you?"—he said, "I don't know you"—I said, "I am quite sure I know you"—he said, "Where do you know me?"—I said, "At the Castle"—he said, what did I know of him—I said he went away without paying his bill—he said I was mistaken, he would bring two gentlemen who would prove to the contrary—he went away—I said I knew he would not come back, and he did not—he left his bag, umbrella, and a stick—about eight the same evening I opened the bag, and found these twelve pieces of silver spoons and an empty box tied up in paper.





JOSEPH MOUNT
 (police-constable C 3.) On the 3rd of June I went to Fendall's Hotel, Bridge-street, Westminster, found the prisoner there, followed

him to Eaton-square, and asked him why he did not return to Long's hotel, in Bond-street, on Sunday—he said he had been into the country, and that was his reason; and that he was going home to dinner—I told him what he was charged with, and took him into custody—he said he had been to Brighton, and that he knew nothing about it—I received the bag from Mr. Woods, the twelve pieces of spoons were in it.





HENRY JUBBER

re-examined. These pieces of spoons are part of what I lost.

Prisoner. Q. How can you prove they are your spoons? A. Here is part of the word, "Hotel," the H. and L.; and part of the G., of "Long's."

JURY. Q. Have you any spoons to correspond with them? A. Yes.

Prisoner's Defence. There are hundreds more such spoons in London; I bought these handles of a man in St. James's-park, for 30s.; if it was a robbery of the hotel, I should not have put them into my luggage; I have gone away from several hotels without paying my bills, because I was disappointed of money from abroad, but I never touched anything not belonging to me; I did give my proper name, Jacob Peretz, which sounds like Shakepace.





JOSEPH SHACKLE
 (police-inspector.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted, Jan., 1846, and transported for seven years)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.

Prisoner. I received the Queen's pardon in that case.




GUILTY
. Aged 69.—


Transported for Seven Years.

