



1307. 




WILLIAM KEEP
 was again indicted

for stealing, on the 
11th of February, 1 coat, value 3l. 10s.; and 1 waistcoat, value 7s.; the goods of 



John Parker.






HARRIET FROST
. I am the wife of Allen Frost, an upholsterer, at No. 18, Cirencester-place—we had a lodger named Parker. On the 10th of February the prisoner came to ask for a lodging—I said we could let him have half a bed—he said that would do, that he worked at Mr. Zetta's, a pianoforte maker, that he had been lodging at a public-house for a week, and had an uncomfortable bed-fellow, a tipsy man, and he was a teetotaller—I told him to call again at night, and I would consult my husband and lodger—he went away and did not come till next night, about nine o'clock—Parker had just come in and I introduced him to him—after some time the prisoner wrote his name down as Mason, and referred me to Zetta's—I said, "Of course you do not wish to sleep here to-night, as I have not your reference"—he seemed to stand and hesitate, and wish to sleep there—he said nothing—I said, "I always make it a rule to have a reference with lodgers before I take them"—he said certainly, he thought it was right—I showed him a light to the door—I said again, "Of course you do not wish to sleep here to-night"—he said he must get a fresh lodging if he did not, at a coffee-shop or public-house—I said it was a pity for him to go to bed there, as there was half a bed empty—I liked his appearance very much, and felt satisfied—I said I would go for the reference in the morning, and allowed him to remain—he went to bed with Parker—I did not see him again till he was in custody.

Prisoner. Q. At the office did you say I resembled the person, but you hardly knew me? A. No—I swore to you—I was not in the least doubt—I went to the cell to see him before I went before the Magistrate—I do not remember saying, "Now your worship I am ready to swear to him"—as he came to the door I saw his full face—I did not know him till I saw his side face—I knew his voice directly, and directly I saw his side face.

Q. After I was put back for an hour for the depositions to be made out; when they were read over to me, did not you say, "Your worship, I am prepared to swear to the prisoner now?"  A. I might make use of those words—I do not remember, but I was prepared,

MR. DOANE. Q. When taken to the cell, did you hear his voice before

you saw him? A. I beard him say he was sure nobody could recognize him for he was innocent—I knew his voice then—when he came out of the cell I had a full view of him—I had no doubt of him—I did not know his full face, because his dress was ragged, and when he came to me he was dressed respectably—I saw more of his side face on the 11th of February, and noticed his nose particularly—I have not the slightest doubt of him.

COURT. Q. He was very respectably dressed on the 10th and 11th of February? A. Yes—he looked like a respectable mechanic—he had an apron tucked up as if he had just come from work, and it looked very dean—I made the bed next day—there was a mark on it which I thought was disorder—I did not notice any vermin.





JOHN PARKER
. I am an upholsterer, and lodge with Frost. On the 11th of February when I came home in the evening, I saw the prisoner and had a conversation of some length with him—he told me he was a teetotaller, and worked at Zetta's pianoforte manufactory, in the neighbourhood—I afterwards saw him write—he gave the name of Mason—it was at last agreed that he should sleep with me that night—I awoke next morning about a quarter or twenty minutes after seven o'clock, he was then dressing himself—he said nothing, but went away in a great hurry—I got up in about a quarter or half an hour and immediately missed my coat, which had laid over the back of a chair when I went to bed—I did not miss the waistcoat till evening—I went down and said I was afraid I was robbed—I afterwards went to Zetta's, and could hear nothing of the prisoner—I have never found my coat or waistcoat.

Prisoner. Q. You did not swear positively to me at the first examination? A. Yes I did, as positively as I do now—I told the Magistrate you went out without saying a word to me.





WILLIAM CUMMING
. On the 1st of March I took the prisoner in charge at a public-house in Marylebone-street.

Prisoner. Q. What did you detain me for after I was discharged by Mr. Rawlinson? A. On suspicion of this robbery—you went quietly to the station—an old woman was produced against you, but not on these indictments—I did not go behind her, nor did the Magistrate say "Do not prompt the witness"—a young man named Wilson saw you—he said he could not swear to you.

MR. DOANE. Q. He asks about the charge made by an old woman? A. Yes—she was ninety-four years old—the medical man gave it as his opinion; that it would be her death to come as a witness.

Prisoner's Defence. I was apprehended on a charge and discharged; as I left the office the policeman called me back; not knowing what it was for, I went back; he placed me before an old woman, above ninety, who could hardly see, she said she knew me by my carroty whiskers; I was taken to the station, and next morning he brought this woman before the Magistrate, who asked her when the robbery took place; she said on the 28th of February; the Magistrate said that could not be; the chief clerk said, "Was it the last day of January?" she said, "Yes;" the policeman was behind her ready to put the words into her mouth; the Magistrate said, "Do not let me see you do that again;" he introduced a man, who could not swear to me; I was remanded till Monday; on Thursday I was in the yard, and a man came to look at me; he said. "He resembles the Person very much, but he is not the person;" I was proved not to be

the person; I shall prove I was not at this house on the night of the robbery; the policeman never produced a shirt; the doctors will prove I had no disease when I entered this gaol; the shirt Paris swore to by his initials being on it; but it was not brought forward, because it was in my favour; I can prove I was at another place, and not in Cirencester-place on the evening of the robbery; why was not the shirt produced on my trial?





GEORGE SMITH
. I dispense the drugs for Mr. M'Murdo, the surgeon of Newgate—I am not a surgeon—I have seen the prisoner every day—I go round the gaol—I was present when Mr. M'Murdo examined him when he came in on the 17th of March—he had no appearance of disease at that time, and I am not aware of any since—I could not form an opinion whether he had had disease before—Mr. M'Murdo would not give him a certificate to that effect—his linen was not clean—there was nothing on it to lead to the conclusion that he had anything of the kind—he said he understood when he came in that Mr. M'Murdo would give him a certificate—he applied for it several times—Mr. M'Murdo refused—not that he had any doubt about it—he wanted it to produce in court.

MR. DOANE. Q. Supposing a person to have gonorrhoea✗on the 8th of February, was there anything remarkable in his having lost the appearance of it when he came in? A. It is not at all unusual.

Prisoner. It is not likely a person could be in the beastly state the woman describes, and get rid of it in a month; it was not much more than a month after that I was apprehended—she says I was respectably dressed at her lodgings, and when she came to see me at the office I was ragged; do I look ragged now? this is my dress I was taken in, and have remained in ever since; the man says he saw roe dressed when he got up he missed his coat, but did not miss his waistcoat till evening; would he not have looked at once, and not left it till evening to look for his own property? I have no witnesses now, the persons are obliged to be away; the woman could not swear positively at the office; she said she suspected," and "she should say," but did not positively affirm or swear to me, till about an hour after she had been with the policeman. 


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—



Confined Two Months on this Indictment, and 


Transported for Ten Years on the First.
