



745. 




GEORGE WHITTON
 was indicted

for stealing 1 shoe, value 2s. 3d., the goods of 



Thomas Evans; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






EMMA GARLAND
. I live in Strutton-ground, Westminster. I was passing the prosecutor's shop on the 21st of Feb., and saw the prisoner take one shoe out of a broken pane of glass—he put it under his jacket, and ran off—a boy hallooed to him, and he dropped it—I am sure he is the person—he was taken on the Monday following—I had not known him before.

Prisoner. She said a boy with a brown jacket took the shoe, and ran away, and was never seen any more. Witness. I am not quite sure whether it was a jacket or a coat—the prisoner is the person—I saw his face, and am sure of him.






ELIZABETH MANLEY
. This shoe is the property of my son-in-law, Thomas Evans—it was brought back by Garland—I had been to the window an hour before, and this shoe was then there.





WILLIAM MILLERMAN
 (police-constable B 95.) I went after the prisoner, and took him—he denied it, and struck the boy, who was with me, and said the other took it as much as he did.

Prisoner. The other boy with a brown jacket took it, not me; I know nothing about it.





EMMA GARLAND

re-examined. I did not see any other boy with him—there was a boy watching him, who cried, "Stop thief!"—I am sure I saw the prisoner drop the shoe.





JOHN GILBERT
. I am a baker, but am now out of place. On the 21st of Feb. I saw the prisoner with his hand in the window—he slipped the shoe down, dropped it, and ran away—I called, "Stop thief," another one came and struck me, and I ran into the baker's shop—I am sure the prisoner is the person who took the shoe and dropped it—I informed the officer.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me take it out of the window? A. Yes, and you and your gang every time you met me knocked me down.





WILLIAM MILLERMAN
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at the Guildhall, Westminster—(read—Convicted 27th March, 1843, and confined three months)—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.

