



1271. 



MARY CULLEN
 was indicted

 for unlawfully, maliciously, and feloniously cutting and wounding 



Catharine Sullivan on her head, with intent to do her some grievous bodily harm.






CATHARINE SULLIVAN
. The prisoner is my mother. I was at her room, in Half Moon-street, Bishopsgate, on the 2nd of May, with my brother and sister—I was cutting a bit of bread for my sister, and my mother took a knife and dug it into my head three times—she took my shawl off my neck, and said, "Is there any blood on it?"—I said, "No, mother"—she took her bonnet and shawl, and went out.

Prisoner. Q. What did I hit you with? A. After you cut my head you hit me with your pocket—you cut my head about eight o'clock on Sunday night.





THOMAS BUCKLEY
. I went in, and saw this child crying—there was a little blood about her.





THOMAS PORTER
. I am a surgeon. I examined the prosecutrix—there were three incised wounds on the crown of her head—one of them was deep—she was ill about a fortnight—she is hardly well now.

Prisoner's Defence. On the 1st of May, I awoke my child, and wanted her to go to Mile End-road on an errand; I turned to the baby, and in the meantime she took my pocket from under my head; it had two pence, and two sixpences in silver, in it; I took the pocket out of her hand, and hit her with it, being in a passion; she is constantly plundering, and if she sees a neighbour's door open she will go in and rob them; on the 2nd of May I went out to work, and left her 1s. to get some coals; on my return home she gave me 8d. change; I went up stairs, and the person on the first floor said, "Is not your girl a nice article, to rob me of my coals;" I came down; she was sitting on a stool by

the table; being in a passion, I hit her, and her head fell against the corner of the table; I did not know her was cut, or I should have looked after✗ it before I went out, for she sat down and had her tea with me; she is a shocking child, for though her my husband has left me with six children; I✗ heard my husband was in Birmingham; I went to if could find him, and I was given into custody.




GUILTY
.*—


Transported for Seven Years.

