



2510. 



JAMES JONES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
5th of Sept., 1 jacket, value 16s.; 1 pair of trowsers, 10s.; 1 waistcoat, 6s.; 1 shirt, 2s.; 1 handkerchief, 6d.; and 6 sovereigns; the property of 



William Smith.






WILLIAM SMITH
. I am a mariner. On the 5th of Sept. I received my pay, which was eight sovereigns—I bought a suit of clothes with some of the money—I afterwards met with the prisoner—he was not a shipmate—I was a stranger to the place—he said he would take me to his lodging—he took me to the Golden Eagle public-house—we had three pints of ale together there, and, after the last pint, he took my clothes and money off the settle, and ran off with them—they were tied up in a handkerchief—these produced are them—I bought them of Mr. Herring, on Tower-hill—the money has not been found.





FREDERICK HENRY HERRING
. I sold Smith these clothes on the 5th of Sept.—I am positive these are the same.





JOHN JUDGE
 (policeman.) I received these clothes from Mrs. Grinhem, the landlady of the Golden Eagle—I showed them to Mr. Herring, and he identified them.





MARY GRINHEM
. The prosecutor and prisoner came to my house in a cab together—the prisoner had the clothes in his possession, and he said to me, "This is my bundle"—he went to the room where some of his shipmates were drinking, and said, "That man has got jny bundle, and not only that, but something of more value"—I said, "I cannot stand and look after him, if it is your property look after him yourself"—the prosecutor on that tried to make his escape out of the window, but could not, and went out at the side-door—the prisoner followed, and brought him back, and said, "This is my property"—they had a few words together, and I sent for an officer—two officers came in, and I said, in their presence, "Now, my good man, if it is your property claim it, and take it from him"—the prosecutor turned, looked in the prisoner's face, laughed, and said, "You know you promised I should take care of your bundle till you went to Temple-bar with me"—the prisoner said, "No, put it on the counter, you want to run away with it"—the officer said, "You had better leave it in Mrs. Grinhem's possession till the morning in case you may lose it; and if you think proper, I will take the man up, if you will give him in charge"—the prisoner said, "No, never mind"—they had three pots of ale together, and some bread and cheese—the property was left with me till the morning, six sovereigns and the clothes—I delivered them up to the prisoner next morning, in the prosecutor's presence—they walked away together, and I saw no more of them.

JURY. Q. Do you know the prisoner? A. No—he has been to my house once before.





WILLIAM SMITH

re-examined. This woman is swearing falsely, and has been all the time—I was invalided from Her Majesty's ship Time.





JOHN JUDGE

re-examined. Two policemen were called in at the time, I believe—I was not there myself—they were not bound over—I have a letter here from the Admiralty, stating that Smith had received a gratuity of 8l. that day.





FREDERICK HENRY HERRING

re-examined. I am quite sure I sold the

clothes to the prosecutor—no person was with him at that time—I saw some gold with him at the time besides, but to what amount I cannot say.

Prisoner's Defence. I have not been long from the West Indies; I met this man on Tower-hill; he told me he had some money; I had some money too; I never saw where he bought his clothes; he had a girl with him; he ordered a cab; we went to the Highway; he asked me to lend him a sovereign, which I did, and gave him 5s.; he was in my company three days; I gave him 1l. 5s. for his clothes, and went to the public-house with him; he tried to run away with the clothes, after I had given him the money for them; I said, "Don't run away; if you want your clothes back, they won't fit me, give me back the money you had;" he would not, but wanted to escape out of the window; the landlady called out, if the clothes belonged to him not to run away with them; he said they did not belong to him, but to me; two policemen came in; we then had something to eat, and I gave him 5s.; the sovereigns were mine; I tied them in the handkerchief.





WILLIAM SMITH

re-examined. I was not three days in his company—he had no money belonging to him.




GUILTY
.*—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
