



3044. 




HARRIET PRUE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
13th of September, at 

St. Nicholas, Deptford, 1 pair of sugar tongs, value 12s.; I rings, value 1l.; 2 sheets, value 1l.; 1 coat, value 3l.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 1l.; 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; 3 gowns, value 1l. 14s.; 1 cloak, value 1l. 10s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 6s.; 1 veil, value 4s.; and 2 shawls, value 1l. 15s.; the goods of 



Charles Skeet, in his dwelling-house.






ELIZABETH SKEET
. I am the wife of Charles Skeet, and live at No. 7, Broomfield-row, St. Nicholas, Deptford—my husband rents the whole house. The prisoner came to lodge at our house at the latter end of July, as near as I can say—she said she was the wife of Hodges, a policeman, who came to live there with her—I thought they were man and wife—mj husband is a ship-keeper, and in the habit of going from home—I used to go to him on Sunday to spend the day, and the prisoner and Hodges were left in the house—I had noticed the prisoner many times leave the house with a basket and bundle when Hodges was at home—I have asked her at different times what she was taking away—she said she was going to the tailor's to get the police clothes altered—I asked her if she was going again—she said, "Yes," for they were very uncomfortable—the last time she left the house she borrowed a basket of me, and said she should be back on Tuesday to tea, but she did not return—I did not see her

again till she was in custody—I went to my drawers, and missed the sugar tongs, also some rings, my husband's clothes, my mother's large cloak, a silk shawl and veil, a pair of sheets, two pillow-cases, two gowns of ray mother's, a silk dress of my own, and other articles, worth together 10l. or 15l.—they may have been taken in less quantities than 5l. value at a time—my husband's clothes were safe on the Sunday before she left, the cloak was in the same chest; and on the Tuesday, when I went to them, I found they were gone—the prisoner was then gone—when she came to my house she had nothing but a very small parcel in her hand—she said her trunk was coming, but it never came.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Was Hodges living with her up to the last? A. Yes, up to the very last day of her going away—she left on Tuesday the 13th, and he came back on the Wednesday morning—ours is a four-roomed house.





MARY ASWELL
. I have seen the prisoner leave the house with bundles from time to time—on the 12th of September I saw her go out with a large and small bundle, and after that I heard her say to a woman opposite where I live, that she was going away the next day.





JAMES WAINSCOT
. I am a policeman of Hereford. On Sunday evening, the 18th of September, I apprehended the prisoner at her mother's house at Hereford—I told her I was going to take her to the station, on a charge of felony, for robbing her lodging—she said she knew nothing of it—I asked her where her box was—she said it had been by Cook's ran, and was left on the road—on the Tuesday morning I received the box out of the van, and took it to the station—the superintendent cautioned her not to answer, and asked her if the box was hers—she said it was—I found this silk dress and crape shawl in it—I asked if it was hers—she said yes, she had bought it for 10s., of one John Elgar, who was in the habit of coming to Skeet's house, and who said it belonged to his wife, who was dead.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you found the box at Cirencester? A., Yes, in consequence of what she said—it was opened in her pretence.





HENRY DIMOND
. I am a policeman. I was sent into the country to apprehend the prisoner—she told me the silk dress she bought of Elgar and she was to give 10s. for it—that the had given him 3s. and was to give him the rest afterwards.





JOHN ELGAR
. I am a seaman, and live in Tooley-street—I never sold the prisoner anything—I take my meals at Skeet's—I was only there once since the things were lost—I had my meals down stairs, in the front room—Mrs. Skeet was there at the time.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know the prisoner? A. Only from seeing her there—I had my breakfast, dinner, and tea there—I never slept there—I never sold the prisoner anything whatever—I am positive I did not sell her this silk dress.

COURT
Q. Do you know Hodges, who passed as her husband? A. Yes—I have seen him there—he was dressed as a policeman—I never sold her a gown—I never sold her any thing—she never gave me any money, and I never gave her any clothes.

MR. DOANE
Q. Have you not, on one or more occasions, called at Skeet's on a Sunday? A. Not since the things were stolen—I cannot say, exactly, what time it was—I have been to the door, but not in the house—I did not owe a public-house score on the Sunday night I called—I swear that I did not say so—I had been in the habit of calling or going by the

house for several Sundays before, but not of going in—I never went into the house on a Sunday night after I left Mrs. Skeet's—I cannot tell when I ceased to board there—I only went to the door to pass the compliment of the day with the prisoner—I was acquainted with a great many more in that row—I swear that I never sold any thing to the prisoner on a Sunday I did not sell her the gown and scarf, and tell her not to say anything to "mother" about it as I owed a score at a public-house—I used to call Mrs. Skeet mother—I did not sell the things to the prisoner for 10s. and receive 3s.

COURT
Q. Did you go there on a Sunday, before you ceased to board at Skeet's? A. Yes—I used to call at the door in general—Mrs. Skeet was not on shore till the evening—I used to come ashore with her and walk up to the house with her.





ELIZABETH SKEET

re-examined. Elgar took his meals at my house—the property was in my bed-room—he was not there, to my knowledge, after the Sunday before the prisoner left, but I was with my husband on the Sunday on board a ship—I never noticed any intimacy between the prisoner and Elgar—Hodges is here—no other seaman but Elgar was in the house—I have traced no more of the property—I do not know what has become of the basket I lent her—she had her own basket, my basket, and a bundle, when she went out on Tuesday—she said she should return to tea, and asked me to keep the tea-kettle by the fire until seven o'clock, when she should come—Hodges was there on Monday and Tuesday—the prisoner always paid for the lodging.

MR. DOANE
Q. Had not she given you reason to believe that she was going to return to her mother in the country? A. Yes—as she said Hodges was going into business again—she said she was going on the Wednesday, but she went on Tuesday—she said she expected a post-office order from her mother—she said if the order was there, waiting for her, she should return that night, about seven o'clock, and if not, I was to wait till next morning—Hodges said he was to meet her at Westminster-bridge at ten, if she did not return at seven—I heard nothing about her having to go to Mr. Smith's, in Whitecross-street, or that her fare was to be paid at the office at Hereford—she said she was going to stop there four or five days—Elgar owes me 2s. 7d. for trifling things—he told me that he had been to my house on a Sunday, but I did not see him—he bad his victuals with us on Sundays on board a ship—he sometimes went on shore, and I have heard that he has called at our house—the prisoner said so—I asked how long he stopped—she said "Oh, he did not stay above a quarter of an hour, he was rather in liquor."

COURT. Q. Where did you lose your two sheets from? A. From the linen-chest in the room I occupied—all the things I lost were from my room—Hodges was a policeman of the R division, and acted as such until the last day, (Tuesday)—he was taken up on this charge, and let out on bail, I believe—he gave up his police situation on that Tuesday, and gave up his clothes the very day she left—Hodges was at home and in bed at times, when the prisoner carried out bundles, as he was on night duty—my mother's things were in the same box—I had told the prisoner I did not go to that box, as I could not bear to look at the things, having recently lost my mother—Elgar did not know where I kept them—he was never up stairs to my knowledge.





JAMES WAINSCOT

re-examined. I have known the prisoner five or six years, and knew her mother—she always bore a good character at Hereford—she left there six or eight months ago, I do not know why—I

have known Hodges all his life, he is a Hereford man—he was not a policeman at Hereford—he assisted the prisoner's husband in business, who is a butcher—Hodges left Hereford about the same time as the prisoner—his wife goes out washing—Cirencester is forty or fifty miles from Hereford—I searched the prisoner's mother's house before I got the box—she told me she had bought them of Elgar, and told me the name of the ship he might be found at.





HENRY DIMOND

re-examined. Hodges resigned from the R division of police on account of getting something better to do—he gave up of his own accord—he had been about five months in the force.




GUILTY of stealing under 5l. Aged 21.—Recommended to mercy by the prosecutrix.
—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Edward Bullock, Esq.

