



1432. 




MARIA ROBERTSON
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Norris, on the 
28th of March, at 


St. Pancras, and stealing therein 1 coat, value 5s.; 7 plates, 1s. 4d.; 1 bird-cage, 1s.; 1 knife, 1s.; 1 hammer, 6d.; and 1 tobacco-box, 6d.; his property: and that she had been before convicted of felony.






THOMAS NORRIS
. I live in Brunswick-street, Brunswick-buildings, Brunswick-square, in the parish of St. Pancras—I occupy the house—on Tuesday, the 28th of March, I went out about ten or half-past ten o'clock, leaving no one in the house—the door has a spring lock—I open it with a key, but there is a string which will open it—when I went out I left the door shut, and the

lock too, and I thought that the string was hid—I returned about half-past twelve, and found the door shut—I missed seven blue and white plates, a bird-cage, and a steel tobacco-box, from the parlour—I remained at home about two hours, or two hours and a half—the door then opened, as I was sitting by the fire-side, and in came the prisoner—she never knocked—she opened the door by pulling back the string which I had left there—I said, "What business have you here?"—she said, "I am come to take tea with you"—she is no acquaintance of mine—I said I had no tea at all—she said, "Will you give me some gin?"—I said, "No, I have got no money"—she sat there some time, then got up, and looked about the place, as if she wanted to go out at my back door—she was there some time—I turned my head, and saw her double something up—she then turned round and said, "As long as you can't give me no tea and no gin, I shall go;" and out she went—I saw no more of her.

Prisoner. I have known the man some time; and whenever he has met me, he has taken me home and treated me—there was another female with me—he told me to call there. Witness, I did not.





SUSANNAH MAGONA
. I live in Cromer-street, Gray's-inn-road. On Tuesday, the 28th of March, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the morning, the prisoner brought a bird-cage to my shop, and asked sixpence for it—I asked if it was her own, and she said "Yes"—I gave her sixpence—she came again in the evening with a coat—I did not buy that because she was tipsy.





MARTIN M'HALE
 (police-constable S 182.) On the 4th of April I apprehended the prisoner in Brunswick-court—I received this bird-cage from Magona.





THOMAS NORRIS

re-examined. This is my cage; I have had it eighteen months—the other things have not been found.

Prisoner. He gave me the cage—I had been with him drinking in the morning—I called on him and had a glass of gin and some porter with him—he told me to come in the afternoon, and have some tea—I went with the young woman—he said some one bad been and taken his plates—he often wanted me to come, and said he wanted a woman to do for him. Witness. It is all false.





HENRY JONES
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at the trial—she is the woman.




GUILTY
. Aged 38.—


Transported for Ten Years.

