






1954. 




CHARLOTTE JACKSON
 and 




JAMES JACKSON
 were again indicted for

 stealing 6 spoons, 1 breast-pin, 3 shirt-studs, 2 books, 150 pencil-cases, and other articles, value 94l. 10s.; the goods of 



Alfred Tullett, the master of Charlotte Jackson, and 

1 pair of boots, 1 dressing-case, and 1 breast-pin, value 11l.; the goods of: 



William Farr, in the dwelling-house of 



Alfred Tullett: to which


JAMES JACKSON pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Ten Years.



MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






ALFRED TULLETT
. I am a stationer and bookseller at 170, High-street, Whitechapel—the female prisoner came into my service on 28th Aug. On Sunday morning, 2d Sept., I went to Church with my wife, leaving the prisoner in the house—I returned a few minutes after one o'clock, and was not able to get in—I afterwards got in at the window—I could not find the prisoner—I found my bedroom in a very disturbed state, and missed five or six brushes, some ruby studs, a gold chain, a pencil-case, a tea-spoon, and a great variety of other property—this gold pencil-case, gold chain, silver ring, two shawls, and all these articles (produced by Kelly) formed a portion of what I missed—I communicated with the police, and on 6th Sept. accompanied the policeman to the New Cut, where we found both prisoners, and they were taken into custody—the female had then a dress of my wife's and a shawl on, part of the missing property, and the man some trowsers of mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Would not these things be very bulky? A. Not very—I saw a ring found in the female's box, but it was not considered to be a wedding-ring.





THOMAS KELLY
 (police-sergeant, H 2). I went with Wigley and Mr. Tullett, and he pointed out the prisoners to me—I told the female she was charged with committing a robbery at Mr. Tullett's, her master's—she asked me if I meant to insult her—I told the man he was charged with being concerned in a robbery at Whitechapel—he said, "I was never there but twice; I do not deny being there on Sunday"—he said, "That female is under my protection, do not insult her"—I saw a box which Charlotte said was hers, and in it I found the whole of the property produced.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Had you examined the premises? A. Yes, I did not find any marks of violence—this is the ring (produced—set with green stones)—I never mentioned a wedding-ring.





JAMES FREELAND
. I live at 29, Cornwall-road, Lambeth. The prisoners lodged with me nearly 4 weeks at different times—when they were gone, the door was locked.

Cross-examined. Q. How long did they live in your house? A. They came on 1st Aug., stopped there three or four days, went away, came sgain, and

staid till they were taken—they cohabited together as man and wife—I did not know either of their names; I thought they were man and wife—they paid 9d. a night.

MR. TULLETT
re-examined. This ring is mine; the female had a mode of carrying parcels in the skirt of her dress—a good deal of this small property might have been so carried away—I have lost about 100l. worth—I received a good written character with her, which turned out to be false—I took her into my service as a single woman—I should not have taken her if I had known she had been married—my house is in the parish of St. Mary, Whitechapel. 


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.

