



1792. 




MARY HILL
was indicted

for burglariously breaking and en tering the dwelling-house of 



James Riley, about the hour of two, in the night of the 
21st of May, at 

St Mary, Newington, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 1 coat, value 10s.; 1 snuff-box, value 30s.; 1 pair of boots, value 18 s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; 1 memorandum-book, value 6d.; and 1 card-case, value 6d.; the goods of 



Joseph Hobbins.






JOSEPH HOBBINS
. I am a surgeon, and live at No. 8, Church-street, Trinity-square, in the parish of St. Mary, Newington, in Surrey. The prisoner was my servant, and had left shortly before the robbery—before she left, my landlord missed the latch-key of the door—on Thursday morning, the 21st of May, between two and three o'clock, I was awoke, and found the policeman in my room, and the property stated, gone from my sitting-room—I had seen them safe at ten o'clock the previous evening—here is my snuff-box—(looking at it.)





DANIEL FRANCIS
(police-constable M133.) On Wednesday night I was on duty in Trinity-square, between one and two o'clock, and saw the pri soner come in a direction from Mr. Riley's house—I think she saw me, and tried to avoid coming in contact with me—she came round the other

side of the church—I turned back, and waited for her to come round on the other side, but she saw me, and went in another direction—I followed and called to her several times to stop, but she would not—I arrested her in Cole-street, and found this property on her—on examining the card-case I found some cards with Mr. Hobbin's name and address.
E—Good. I am clerk at No. 3, Bank-buildings, and lodge at No. 8, Church-street, Trinity-square—I came into that house about eleven o'clock in the evening of the 20th of May—I opened the door with a latch-key, and shut the door after me—I was the last person in.





AUGUSTA C. RILEY.
. I am the wife of James Riley, and live at No. 8, Church-street, Trinity-square—it is his dwelling-house—the prisoner was in our service shortly before this—on the Friday, previous to her leaving on Saturday, I sent her out on an errand—she said, when she came in, " Madam, I have lost the key of the street-door,,—I said, " I think you have not lost it, for I think you let yourself in with it, I hope you will find it"—she pretended to be looking for it all day, but did not produce it—if she had the key she might have opened the door.

Prisoner's Defence. I received the property, not knowing it to be stolen—I was coming home from the Surrey—a young man met me, and asked me to wait—he brought me out the bundle—the policeman came up, and be ran away.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years


Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
