



1333. 




AUSTIN MONTRIO
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
11th of April, 1 coat, value 5.; and 1 hat, value 1l.; the goods of 



James Moore, Clerk.






ROBERT GOLLINGS
. I am in the service of the Rev, Dr. James Moore, rector of St. Pancras—he lives in Upper Gower-street. On the 11th of April, about eight o'clock in the evening, I went up and locked the area gate—I saw a light in the front dining-room, and looking round, I saw the prisoner through the window, opening the side-table drawer—he was a stranger, and had no business in the house—I went up stairs, and missed a coat and a hat from the front dining-room—I found the coat at the bottom of the garden, after I came from the station-house—when I first saw the prisoner I went down the kitchen stairs, and he got out at the back window—I did not see him get out, but I saw him running down the garden—the window had been about a foot open before, but I found it quite open—there were one or two more with him—he went across the University-ground, and over to Gordon-square, where the policeman caught him in about ten minutes—I said, "You are the man I saw in the front dining-room"—he never answered me—I found the hat about a yard inside the window, and the coat at the bottom of the wall where he got over—I am sure he is the person—I had looked at him some time—he had no shoes on when he entered—these are my master's property.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you see him enter? A. No, but he had no shoes on when he ran down the garden—there are wooden blinds to the parlour window—they come up about a foot and a half—I saw him in the room about three minutes—I ran up directly, after that I went out in the front, and in about ten minutes I saw him in custody.





WILLIAM HUNTER
. I live in Somers-town, On this Saturday night, a little after eight o'clock, I was in Gordon-square—I saw two people endeavouring to get over the wall of Dr. Moore's house, one of them succeeded—one was the prisoner, he was the last, he had no shoes on, which attracted my attention—I asked him what was the matter, or words to that effect—he said, "I will have him," meaning he was pursuing the other one, who had got over and ran away—I followed him and called "Police," the prisoner immediately ran and jumped over a wall into an enclosure, which he ran across; I lost sight of him, I then went towards Euston-square and met the policeman and Collins—I told them I had seen the prisoner get over the enclosure, and then another officer took him.

Cross-examined. Q. When did this conversation take place? A. Immediately on his getting over the wall and coming towards me—I am sure the officer ran after the same person—this did not last above a minute.





HENRY FREDERICK POWELL
. I am a porter, and live in Gray's Inn-lane.

I was in Gordon-square, and saw the prisoner running with his shoes in his right hand—I attempted to take bold of him—he clambered up the wall about five feet—the descent on the other side was about fourteen feet—he jumped and fell—the policeman came up and got over the wall, then the prisoner started and another officer took him.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you not lose sight of him? A. Yes, when he got over he went to a stack of bricks—I should have gone after him, but it was too deep—he was taken in that place—It was railed round, he could not get out without opening a pair of gates—I am a wine-cooper and was going about my business.





SAMUEL WALLIS
. (police-constable E 147.) On the 11th of April I was in Georgiana-street—I heard an alarm, and saw the prisoner in the low ground, running with his shoes in his hand; I got over, and he ran off from me, then seeing Powell he turned and fell down, and I took him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
(Joseph Hastings, green-grocer City-gardens; George Potter, an accountant, Britannia-street; and Thomas Gibbons, cabinet-maker, City garden's-place, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.
