



275. 




ANN BARROW



, stealing 70 yards of lace, value 10l.; the goods of 



Edward Taylor and another.






EDWARD TAYLOR.
 I am a draper, in partnership with Mr. Angell—we sell lace—on 19th Nov. a policeman came and produced this lace to me—it belonged to myself and partner—I had seen it safe in my shop a few days before—there is no mark on it—I can positively swear to this one piece by its being soiled—it was all lost at one time.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. You only know it by its being soiled? A. I know the pattern, and that we had some of that pattern soiled—that is what I swear to it by.





JAMES PAYNE.
 I am assistant to Messrs. Taylor and Angell—on Friday, 19th Nov., about three or four o'clock, the prisoner came to our shop—I am quite certain she is the person—I have examined this lace, it is my master's.

Cross-examined. Q. Which do you know? A. I swear to six patterns—there is no mark on them—I know which was soiled—other shopkeepers may have the same patterns—I did not serve the prisoner, but I perfectly well recollect her coming—I had never seen her before—Osborne served her—as soon as it was named to me I said I could recollect the female—there were two of them—I never saw the other before that day, nor since—I saw the prisoner afterwards at the police office, when she was examined.





GEORGE OSBORN.
 I am assistant to Mr. Taylor—I remember the prisoner coming on 19th Nov. for calico and lace—I have looked at this lace—I can remember three or four patterns, but I cannot positively swear to them, not having been long in the employment—I believe there are four patterns belonging to us.


Cross-examined. Q. You could only speak to your belief at one time? A. I speak now to my belief—I do not swear to the prisoner—I remember one parcel of lace more particularly than the other—the marks are taken off—the prisoner bought a parcel to the amount of 5s. 4d., and paid half-a-crown—she left the parcel saying she would send for it, and send the rest of the money, and nobody has ever been for it





WILLIAM CLAYTON.
 I keep a beer-shop—on Friday night, Nov. 19, I gave the prisoner into custody for something else, and on the way to the station in my cart, I observed her make a stoop forward in the cart as she was sitting between me and my wife—it was about 200 yards up a little unfrequented lane—she recovered herself in an instant—she had muff, her left hand was in it, and her right hand out—she put her right hand into her muff again and sat quiet afterwards—the officer also saw what she did.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it about 200 yards from your place? A. No, 200 after we turned out of the public road—we went to the station, which is at the bottom of Hillindon-hill, about a mile and a quarter; we then came back and found this lace exactly in the spot where the prisoner had stooped forward—there was a male prisoner, the prisoner, the policeman, and my wife in the cart—the charge I made against her was passing a bad halfsovereign.





JOSEPH HENRY TAYLOR
, (policeman, T 115.) I was in the cart when the prisoner was in custody—I noticed her stoop forwards—I afterwards went back and examined the spot, and found this handkerchief containing the lace, now produced—the name of "J. Barlow" is on the handkerchief.

Prisoner. I was searched twice, and nothing found on me. Witness. I did search her, but decency did not allow me to do so thoroughly—the bundle of lace was about the size of a quart-pot.




GUILTY. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)
