




1677. 




CAROLINE FORMAN
 and 




MARY EVANS
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
13th of April, 2 sovereigns, the money of 



John Nicholls, from his person.






JOHN NICHOLLS
. I am a labourer, and live at Lewisham. On the 13th of April,. I was in the Admiral Hardy, at Greenwich—the prisoners

came in, and I gave them some beer—they pleaded poverty, and said they had nothing—I said I could give them nothing else—I went away about one o'clock in the day—they followed me, and decoyed me away to their place—they pulled me about going along—they took me by each arm one on each side, and led me to their room in Roan-street, Deptford—when they got me there they wanted me to go to bed and insisted on stripping me—I do not know what for—I was not sleepy—we had had three or four pots of beer among a lot of us—I would not lay down, and then they began to pull me about—got their hands into my pockets, and then went away—I missed my money, and went after them—it was Forman put her hand into my pocket—Evans was away at first, but when Forman could not get the money from me, Evans came up and assisted her, and then they both went away—I followed them, but they got out of sight—I found them at a public-house—then they said they would be glass to my glass—I said I wanted my money—they began to knock me about shamefully—a young man came up and took my part—I had two sovereigns and some silver safe in my pocket when I went with them—I spent some silver at the Hardy—I was three parts drunk—I was telling a Greenwich pensioner what I was going to do with the money—the prisoners heard that, and then persuaded me to go with them—when they got my money they set off—I am a pensioner and received my pension the day before.

Forman. It is quite false, I neither went home with him, nor was I in the room at the time; I waited below till he gave Evans 1s. to get something to drink. Witness. I never gave her a halfpenny—I said I had a wife and family at home, and could not afford it.

Forman. I was away an hour and a half before I heard anything about it; then he came and said he would give me into custody for stealing a sovereign; I said I had never seen him; the policeman searched me, and said I had nothing about me, and then he said somebody else must have taken it. Witness. I never said somebody else must have taken it—one could not get the better of me—the other came up and insisted on having it—they took it from me by main force. Evans. He gave me 1s. to fetch a pot of beer and gin. I said, "Do you know what you have given me"—he said, "Yes, keep what you have got." Witness. I did not—we had nothing to drink except at the public-house.





WILLIAM ROMAN
. I am a sawyer, and live in Randal-place, Roan-street. On Wednesday, the 13th of April, at half-past four o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoners come out of the Grey Coat Boy, Roan-street—the prosecutor followed them—I heard him say they had robbed him of his money—they both directly knocked him down over a step into the gutter—that happened three times afterwards, and the fourth time he could not get up—I assisted him and went for a policeman—he was the worse for liquor—he was not sensible for several minutes after the fourth fall—the prisoners went to go up a court, and he went to stop them from going, saying he would have a policeman to take them, and that was the fourth time they knocked him down—I then ran and fetched a policeman—I saw Evans come out of the court the same evening, between six and seven—she shook her bands with some money, and said she had got the old b—'s money, and would have a jolly good drink with it—I heard that as I passed by—it was the court they had run up before.


Forman. The man hit me in the mouth, which was the reason I hit him. Witness. He did not hit her at all—she gave him a black eye.





JOSEPH HARRIS
. I am shopman to John Smith, a draper, of Stockwell-street, Greenwich. On Wednesday the 13th, about seven o'clock in the evening, the two prisoners came to master's shop and bought calico and stockings, ribbon, and a handkerchief, to the amount of 1l. 1s. 7d.—Evans gave a sovereign to Forman to change at first—it was not quite sufficient, and she gave her a second—Forman bought all the goods, and the other produced the money.

Forman. She told me he had given her the two sovereigns for two shillings, and she asked me to go with her to buy the handkerchiefs.





WILLIAM THOMAS ARTHUR
. I am a policeman. On the 13th of April, at eight o'clock, I was on duty, and took Evans into custody for being partly intoxicated, and found half a sovereign, and two half-crowns upon her—she gave the half-sovereign to change to a young man to pay 4s. 6d. for a window which she had broken—I asked how she came by the money—she said a young man had come down to see her who was in the habit of coming, but not paying her every time he came, and she received it from him—I found the goods now produced at the prisoners' lodging, a common brothel in Roan-Street—I found a pair of the new stockings on Forman's feet, and a pair of old ones left behind in the lodging—the other articles bought at the linendraper's were all down stairs, in the room of the house they both lodge in.

Forman. She said the man gave her the money—I did not think it any harm to put the stockings on. Witness. I found some of the calico cut off for shifts—Forman was not taken till the following morning.





JOHN WHITE
. I apprehended Forman the next morning, in a court in Roan-street—I told her it was for robbing a man of two sovereigns last night—she said, "I did not rob the man, I know nothing about it; I never had any money in my possession all day yesterday"—I took her to the station, returned and ascertained she had bought four handkerchiefs at a linen-draper's shop—I went to the cells and found one handkerchiefs on each of the prisoner's necks, and two more at a pawnbroker's.





JOSEPH HARRIS

re-examined. These are two of the handkerchiefs they bought at our shop.

Evans's Defence. I was in liquor; the man came up stairs and asked What he was to give me—I told him two shillings, instead of which he gave Me two sovereigns. I said to him, "Are you aware what you have given Me?"—he said, "Yes, keep what you have got;" he asked me to fetch Him a pot of beer; I returned with it; he swore I robbed him.

FORMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

EVANS*—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.




Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Justice Alderson.

