



2238. 




TIMOTHY COGHLAN
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Hook at 

Christchurch, about three in the night, on the 
7th of July, and stealing therein 2 half-crowns, 12 shillings, 6 sixpences, 22 pence, 29 halfpence, and 1 farthing, his property.—2nd COUNT, for stealing the said monies, and afterwards breaking out of said dwelling-house.







EDWARD COTTER
 (City police-constable, No. 246.) On the 7th of July, about a quarter to four in the morning I was on my beat in Newgate-street—I heard the prisoner take a bar down, and saw him come out of the house, No. 7, Newgate-street—I said, "You are up early this morning"—what answer he made I cannot say, but he turned towards the Old Bailey, and when I advanced towards him he ran off, and I after him, having suspicion, as he left the door open; and near the bottom of Fleet-lane I heard some money fall as he ran—he was stopped by Templeman—I picked up 1s. 7d. in copper money—I returned to the house and found two officers there, and marks on the fan-light, of a person's hands where he had got in and rubbed the dust off—the fan-light was open—a person could be lifted up to it by another person's assistance.

Cross-examined by
MR. CROUCH. Q. What distance was you from the house? A. Fifteen or twenty yards on the opposite side—there is no lane between the house and the Old Bailey—the house is on the right-hand side from here, and on this side the lane—it was quite light—I heard the bartakes down, and saw him open the door and come out.





WILLIAM MURLEY TEMPLEMAN
 (City police-constable, No. 253.) I was on duty in Fleet-lane on the 7th of July—I heard the cry of "stop thief," turned and saw the prisoner running and throwing money from his pocket, and Cotter following him—I stopped him—Cotter came up and said he had come out of No. 7, Newgate-street—he said nothing to that—he asked me to let him go before—I held him while Cotter picked up the copper—I took him to the station, searched him, and found 15s. in silver on him—I returned to Fleet-lane where I had seen him throw the money, and down the area found 1s. 5 3/4 d. in copper.





GEORGE EDWARD EVANS
. I am a turnkey of Giltspur-street prison—the prisoner was brought there on the afternoon of the 7th of July—I caused him to be searched, as I heard money jink—I took up one of his stockings with a half-crown in the foot of it—I asked what he did with it there—he said he wanted it to buy something—I saw something in his hand, and asked what it was—he said nothing—I took another half-crown out of his hand, and said I should have him punished for secreting the money—he said he hoped I would not add to his trouble, he was in trouble enough already.





HENRY HOOK
. I live at No. 7, Newgate-street, in the parish of Christ-church, and am landlord of the house. An alarm was given before four in the morning—I came down and found two policemen—the shop door was wide open, which had been secured over-night by an iron bar—the fan-light was shut over-night—I found it shut in the morning—it will not stop up without being fixed, as it is on hinges, and falls down—it was shut, but I am not certain that it was bolted—I had left about 25s. in silver and copper money in the till—there might be 15s. or 20s. in copper; 8s. or 9s. were still there—there were two half-crowns among the rest, also shillings and sixpences—the only opportunity a person had of getting out was by unbarring the shop door, unless he got through the fan-light.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you leave any body up when you went to bed? A. No, we open the fan-light to let the air out, but not at night—I went round the premises the last thing at night, and I recollect that it was shut—I am positive of it—it is too heavy for the wind to blow it open—it is nine or ten feet from the ground—my door is always locked at the bottom of the stairs—there is no communication with the shop without breaking the lock.





WILLIAM M. TEMPLEMAN

re-examined. Here are three shillings and three

farthings in copper, two half-crowns, and fifteen shillings in silver, which I found on him.




GUILTY on the 2nd COUNT
. Aged 19. 


Transported for Ten Years.

