



1867. 




THOMAS PEAKE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of June, 1 box of surgical instruments, value 15s.; the goods of 



Henry Smale and another.


MR. PRICE
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES FINDON
. On the 23rd of June, I was passing down Holborn, and saw the prisoner open the inner door of the prosecutor's house, and hand a little box to another young man, who was standing between the inner and outer doors—I spoke to the prosecutor's daughter, who was standing at the next door, and in consequence of what she said, I followed the persons down Smart's-buildings—the person who had the box ran down the buildings, and the prisoner made towards Holborn—I flew at him, but did not get sufficient hold, and he got away—a man stopped him—I came up and caught him by the collar—the other got away with the box—I am certain I saw the prisoner give the other the box—he was inside the inner door—I at first thought they belonged to the place, they were so respectably dressed, the other man looked like a gentleman—it was all done in about two seconds—if I had known they were thieves, I could have taken them both, but I went to speak to the prosecutor's daughter—the box looked like a small oak one, but I cannot exactly tell, it was done so momentarily—I handed the prisoner over to Mr. Smale.

Prisoner. Q. What time was this? A. A little before eight o'clock—you were not passing the door, you were inside—I cannot tell whether the box was deal, oak, or mahogany.





THOMAS SMALE
. I am a dealer in ivory, and live in Holborn. This box of surgical instruments belongs to my son Henry Smale, who is a dentist—I was sitting in my back parlour, Mr. Findon came and gave information, in consequence of which I missed the box of instruments which I had seen my son using about an hour or an hour and a half before, on a table in a room even with the door—it was a kind of mahogany box, containing a dozen or fifteen instruments—I received the prisoner from Mr. Findon.

Prisoner. I was in the place ten minutes waiting for a policeman, and he could not tell what was missed—he said, "Take him down to the station, and I will come and say what is lost"—and when he came there, he said it was a little box—my father lives close by the prosecutor, and I pass his house twenty times a day. Witness. He is a stranger to me—he had. no right within my doors—it is not the first, second, or third time that room has been robbed—the door is locked, and yet we cannot keep a thing in it.




GUILTY
.* Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.
