



1778. 




JOHN ELMORE
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Pugh, about the hour of one in the night of the 
1st of April, at 
St. Mary, Stratford-le-Bow, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 3 bottles, value 23s.; 1 bottle-stand, value 6s; 1 microscope and box, value 2l. 12s. 6d.; 1 work-box, value 10s.; 2 pairs of scissors, value 3s. 6d.; 1 pair of gloves, value 2s.; 2 hearth. rugs, value 26s.; 14 keys and ring, value 15s.; 1 coat, value 3l. 3s; 1 handkerchief, value 5s.; 1 shawl, value 5s. 6d.; 11 yards of muslin-delaine, value 9s.; 3 pairs of stockings, value 3s.; 2 yards of holland, value 2s.; 1 yard of muslin, value 1s.; 1 yard of net, value 3s.; 1 pair of boots, value 12s.; 2 printed books, value 2l. 10s.; 1 picture and frame, value 5l. 5s.; l1b. weight of tobacco, value 4s.; 1 jar, value 6d. 3 spoons, value 9d.; 1 bottle, value 8d;; and 2 gallons of beer, value 4s.; his goods.


MR. CHARNOCK
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM PUGH
. I live at the Fox and Wheatsheaf, Three Colt-street, Old Ford, near Bow, in the parish of St. Mary, Stratford-le-Bow. On the night of the 1st of April I was the last person up on the premises—I retired to bed, as near as I can recollect, about half-past twelve o'clock—I fastened up—all the fastenings were secure all the way through the house—I make it a general rule to fasten up myself—the grating at the back of the house was secure—it is a fixture in brick-work, a flat iron grating, which yon may walk on—it goes over the kitchen area—the back-door was shut and bolted—there was no fastening to the window, but it was close down—I left the premises in that state when I went to bed—my servant came up about half-past five in the morning, and in consequence of what she said, I went down stairs, and found all the lower part of the premises in confusion—the iron grating was pulled up, and the brick-work which held it down was broken away—the window was open—the back door was fast—I did not find any other door open, except the cupboard and parlour doors—this was before six, as soon as the alarm was given—I searched and missed the property stated in the indictment, which is worth about 20l.—I have since seen the liquor-bottles and stand, work-box, one hearth-rug, the mouseline-de-laine, the white stockings, the picture, two volumes of Cook's Geography, and the two gallon bottles.





THOMAS WHEELER
. I am a carpenter. I produce a work-box, which I obtained in the middle of last April—I won it in a raffle at the Adam and Eve, St. John-street-road, Clerkenwell—I took it home, and hare bad it in my possession ever since—no one in particular gave it to me—I took it up, having won it—the money for the box was paid to Charles Austin.






CHARLES AUSTIN
. I am in the employ of Mr. Turner, a table-cover maker—I know the prisoner. On a Saturday in April last (I do not know the day of the month) he delivered me this work-box in the Adam and Eve tap-room, and asked if I would oblige him by raffling it, as he was out of work, and his wife and children were badly off—he gave me no account of it—in consequence of his directions, in the evening, when we had come out of the shop, I spoke to the men about it, and a raffle took place—it realised 10s.—I gave the prisoner 9s. 4d.—8d. was spent in refreshments—the box was on the table—Wheeler won it, and took it up.





THOMAS WOLSTENHOLME
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Houndsditch. I produce a picture which was pledged on the 14th of April, for 3s.—I have some slight recollection of the prisoner, but I cannot take upon myself to swear that he is the identical man—he resembles the man—I asked the person if it was his own property—he said "Yes"—I said, "It is painted on glass, is it not?"—he said "Yes"—I was not quite sure of it at the time—I took it in, thinking it was painted on glass—I was rather busy at the time, and did not inspect it.





HENRY FOWLER
. I am foreman to Mr. Watts, of Hereford-place, Commercial-road. I produce a mouseline-de-laine dress—I was in the shop at the time it was pledged, and my opinion was asked on the pledge—it was pledged with three pairs of children's hose for 6s., by a female, in the name of, "Margaret Jones, No. 6, Grove-street"—I saw her afterwards at the police-office—I did not hear the prisoner say anything about her there.





WILLIAM ADAMS
. I' am foreman to Mr. Howse, a pawnbroker, in the Commercial-road. I produce a hearth-rug, pledged by a female in the name of "Ann Riley"—I saw a person at the police-office—I did not know her.





HENRY YOUNG
. I am shopman to Mr. Higginbotham, a pawnbroker, in the Commercial-road. I produce three decanters and stand, pledged on the 7th of April for 6s. 6d. by a female named Riley.





FRANCIS LEATHERS
. I am shopman to Thomas Miller, a pawnbroker, in the Commercial-road. I produce two books, pawned on the 4th of April for 5s., by a female, who gave the name of "Ann Riley."





WILLIAM SAPWORTH
 (police-constable K 22.) I took the prisoner into custody in High-street, Borough—I told him what I wanted him for—he said, "Me?"—I said "Yes"—he said, "That is a rum one"—I said, "I want you for breaking and entering Mr. Pugh's house on the 1st of last April"—I took him to Bow station, searched him, and found on him two duplicates, one relating to the bottles and stand, the other to the hearth-rug. FREDERICK JOHN CARR. On the evening of the 17th of April I searched the prisoner's lodging, and found this two gallon stone bottle there.

MR. PUGH
re-examined. This picture I had from a person who is now dead, and whose memory I highly respect—it is invaluable to me—this work-box is my property—I have no doubt of it—this decanter and stand is my property—the bottle I know by the name of Perry on it, and also this mark—there are two of this sort—we thought it was candle-grease, but it appears to be wax—it was full of beer at the time—the hearth-rug and all the things produced are mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. This was on the 1st of April? A. The night of the 1st, or the morning of the 2nd—the prisoner's garden

does not adjoin my house at all—I believe he lived a little to the left of me, in the Roman-road, I believe they call it—within one hundred yards of me.

MR. PHILLIPS. on the prisoner's behalf, stated that his wife had found the things in the pig-stye in the morning, and being distressed, they pledged them.

(Thomas Rudge, engineer, in Parliament-street, Cambridge-road; and Samuel Newsom, locksmith and bell-hanger, No. 29, New-road, St. George's, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—



Transported for Ten Tears.
