



1819. 




JOHN PRENDERVILLE



, stealing, whilst employed in the Post-office, a post letter, containing a check for 29l. 7s. 1d.: the property of the 

Postmaster-general: also, for receiving the same.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY GRAINGER
. I am a provision-broker, at Pudding-lane, Thames-street. On Saturday evening, 1st July, about five o'clock, I addressed a letter, "James Ponsford, Esq., 9, South Wharf-road, Paddington," and enclosed this check in it, crossed "and Co."—the word "Bank," and this endorsement of my name, have been written since—it is not my writing, or written by my authority—I am not sure whether I sealed the letter; it is generally done by my clerk—I laid it on my desk, with others—it is the duty of my clerk to gather them together and post them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Are you sure "and Co." was on it? A. Yes; I would not have signed it without—a clerk filled it up and I signed it—this "Henry Grainger" is not my clerk's writing, or that of any person I know—I never saw' it before, to my knowledge—the clerk that seals them almost always posts them—there is no rule about it—I have four or five clerks—Moses Houghton generally posts the letters.





MOSES CARTWRIGHT HOUGHTON
. I am a clerk to Mr. Grainger. On Saturday, 1st July, I took a quantity of letters, from different parts of the office, and posted some in King William-street, and some in Lombard-street, about ten minutes to six o'clock, in the same state in which I found them—I believe they were all sealed—I sealed some—other clerks may have sealed others.

Cross-examined. Q. You cannot say you posted this letter? A. No—I cannot say positively whether I sealed any that day—there is none of my writing on this check; it is Mr. Wilton's, our head clerk's—I did not see him write it—he always fills up the checks—I do not draw checks—I took the 2d. letters to King William-street, and the general ones to Lombard-street—this was a 2d. one—I will not swear I took this to King William-street; it may have gone with the general ones by mistake—I am sure I divided them.





JAMES PONSFORD
. I live at South Wharf-road, Paddington, and know Mr. Grainger. I did not receive a letter from him on 1st July containing a check for 29l. 7s. 1d.—I open my letters myself.





MICHAEL DEARBERG
. I am in the employ of Moses and Son, Aldgate. On Tuesday, 4th July, the prisoner and another man came and ordered some clothes—he gave the name of Marshall, and the other that of Spring—the prisoner was to have a suit of clothes, and Spring a pair of trowsers and a waistcoat—they came to 7l. 12s.—I asked them for a deposit—the prisoner said he would pay for the whole, and tendered me this check—it had "and

Co." across it, but not the word "Bank'"—I believe tlut was put on at the Bank of England, our bankers—I did not see "Henry Grainger"on it—I took them to be measured—they asked for the balance of the check—I said we had sent it to the bankers' to see if it was correct—Spring left—we found the check to be correct, and gave the prisoner the balance—the clothes were to be ready on the Thursday, and were to be called for—they were not sent for till the 10th, when a lad, named Cremer, came with this note—(produced—read—" Marshall will feel obliged to Messrs. Moses and Son by their sending by bearer his clothes and the trowsers and vest, and trusts they will be done according to promise; Mr. Marshall being from town prevented his sending before now.—July 10th, 1848.")—a communication had been made to me from the Post-office authorities—we detained the boy while we sent to the Post-office, and afterwards gave him the clothes.

Cross-examined. Q. Spring went away after he was measured? A. Yes—the prisoner went over the warehouse with me while I sent to the Bank—it took about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour—he was rather in a state of liquor—he knew I was sending to the Bank—he was not at all agitated—he did not hear me send—he waited till the messenger returned.





DANIEL CREMER
. I live at No. 3, Crown-court, Fleet-street. On Monday morning, 10th July, I went with a relation, Mrs. Fyler, to the Duke of York's Column—I saw the prisoner there—I did not know him before—he bad a blue coat with a red collar, black trowsers, and some crape and a cockade in his hat, like a postman—Mrs. Fyler spoke to him—they were together about five minutes—he gave her a letter from his waistcoat pocket, which she brought to me, and gave me 1s.—in consequence of her directions I took the letter to Messrs. Moses—I waited there some time, and received a parcel—I walked as far as the Bank with it, I then ran across the road, and two gentlemen came up, and took me to the Post-office.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you examined before Mr. Peacock? A. Yes—the person who took me was there part of the time, and then he went out—Mr. Peacock told me the check was stolen—that did not frighten me, only I did not like to have anything to do with it—I went to Bow-street, and was then allowed to go home.





MATTHEW PEAK
. I am an officer of the Post-office. On 10th July, about nine or ten o'clock in the evening, I went to the Crown public-house, Crown-court, Fleet-street—Cremer lives two or three doors past there—I found the prisoner there—there were a great many people in the room—I should think he would know me—I crossed the room to speak to a person, turned round, and the prisoner was gone—I searched for him for several days—bills were printed, offering a reward of 20l. for him—on the morning of 27th I went to the Money Order-office at Liverpool with one of the Liverpool Police, and saw the prisoner—I said to a gentleman, who had a money order in his hand, "This is John Prenderville, whom I am seeking"—he said, "That is not my name, you do not know me"—he gave his name "Thomas Connor—I do not think he gave any name at the Money Order-office—I accompanied him to the station, and said, "Prenderville, we received" or "Mr. Edwards received your last letter"—I think I said we first—he said, "What is in that letter is quite true"—I said I took him for stealing a letter containing a check for 29l.—he did not say anything—I took four letters from his pocket, addressed "Thomas Connor, 18, Rupert-street, Liverpool"—(producted)—he was afterwards searched by a policeman, who handed me nine sovereigns—next day I took him to the railway to bring him to London—

at the station he said, "I did not steal the letter, on the Tuesday that I went to Moses', I met a man near Temple-bar, who I knew very well, he asked me to go and have something to drink; I went with him to a public-house, and after having some brandy-and-water, he said, 'I have a check, but I cannot get. it cashed, it must go through a bankers', I have been to the bankers', and they will not cash it;' that he told him he found the check, and said, 'If you are amind to go with me to Moses', and order some clothes, we can get it cashed there;' we went to Moses', and were measured for the clothes, and finding a delay there, I had suspicions that all was not right, but as I had gone on so far with it, I would not leave it; in a minute afterwards I turned round, and missed the man, and was then quite certain that it was not right; the balance of the check was brought to me; I went down stairs, met the same man in the street, and shared the money with him; on the Friday afterwards I saw him again, but I caught a glimpse of a sorter at the chief office, I cannot recollect who; I then said to this man, 'I can see where this check came from, it came out of a letter; he said, 'Yes, and you had better say nothing about it, or else it will be the worse for you' "—I brought him to London—he said he gave the name of Marshall, as that was the first name that came into his head—I got this letter from Cork (produced), after I had been to Liverpool, but 1 had seen it before, on the 18th—it was shown him at the Post-office, and he said it was his writing.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he say he had endeavoured to find out the sorter, that he might give information? A. Yes—Mrs. Fyler was not at the Crown, she was in custody.





WILLIAM EDWARDS
. I am inspector of letter-carriers, at the London District Branch office. A letter addressed to Mr. Ponsford, ought to go to Paddington—letters in the vicinity of. Paddington are delivered at the North-road Branch office—the prisoner was employed there, and was on duty there on 1st July—it was his duty to assist in sorting the letters of that division—this letter would go to that district—it should go to an office at Paddington, where the letter-carriers meet, and not to the office where the prisoner was, but letters are sometimes missorted—sometimes we have 60 missorted—letters addressed to Mr. Ponsford have come to the office since this—Mr. Ponsford is in the Paddington district—the prisoner was last on duty on 10th July—he came on 11th, but Peak came to see him, and he went out saying he was indisposed—on 1st July, he was a supernumary letter-carrier, on the Edgware-road, in the vicinity of South Wharf-road—he continued there till the 4th, doing duty for a sick man—if a letter addressed to Mr. ponsford accidentally got into his possession, it would be his duty to give it up for me to return it to St. Martin's-le-graud—this letter, addressed to me, is in the prisoner's writing—I first saw it at Bow-street, after Peak had been to Liverpool—the letter to Messrs. Moses is also the prisoner's writing.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you seen him write? A. Yes; I am inspector of his office, I have seen his writing on the back of letters, saying he cannot find the parties—this letter from Cork seems to be written in a hurried way—(read) "Cork, July 18th Sir,—having succeeded in reaching my native shore, my first step was to obtain some information from Bow-street—I find by the Times of Friday, the affair is greatly exaggerated—the amount of the cheque was 29l. 7s. 1d.; and also, the boy has not told a particle of truth. I dare say my absenting myself from duty, with other colorable circumstances, must have surprised you, and, I believe, every man in your office, which induces me to give you a full statement of the real facts of the case: not that I am so vain as to think that anything I could say would be a

paliation of my folly, nor my subterfuge for my guilt. But this I declare to you and to the God who knows it well, and before whom I must at some future day appear, and I hope before I appear in Newgate, that I had no knowledge of how the cheque was obtained until the Friday night following the fatal 4th July; and up to that melancholy day, my character and integrity was as pure and unstained as it was at the age of seven. But lo! there was a fatal hour, and that was the hour of two o'clock; the bargain was concluded, and I have sold that which I thought the wealth of Peru could not purchase—my character. My colleague in iniquity, who was a person totally unconnected with the office, but who was concerned in some same way with a mercantile house, deluded me into the belief that chance threw it in his own way; first taking good care to use those stimulants necessary on such occasions—brandy and water. The fact was, as I have subsequently discovered, and when too late, that it came from head quarters, the sorting office. Finding I was made a complete tool of, and that I could scarcely escape detection, I considered it more advisable to inhale the breeze of my native mountains, than the air of Bermuda, having by mere accident met this woful acquaintance of mine; and I believe when every other remedy was tried by himself, induced me to accompany him to the Minories.—I am, Sir, &c, J. P."





WILLIAM BROWN
. I am a letter-carrier. On 2nd July, I delivered the letters in the district in which Mr. Ponsford lives—I delivered all that were given me—it is in the country delivery, and letters are delivered on Sunday morning.





WALTER ROBERTSON SCULTHORPE
. I am president of the London district Post-office. A letter posted in Lombard-street at six o'clock, or a little before, on Saturday, addressed as this is, would be delivered next morning, as Paddington is in the country delivery—if within the three-mile stone, it would be delivered on Saturday night.
(The prisoner received a good character.)




GUILTY

of receiving. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.

