



2268. 




JOHN WILLIAMS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
11th of September, at 
Christchurch, 1 box, value 5s.; 2 account-books, value 1s.; 6 sovereigns, 10 half-sovereigns, 2 crowns, 39 half-crowns, 192 shillings, and 81 sixpences, the property of 



William Brown, in his dwelling-house.






CHARLES DEACON
. I am shopman to William Brown, a cheesemonger in South-street, Spitalfields. On the 11th of September, at half-past eleven o'clock in the morning, I noticed the counting-house door open,

and the prisoner standing in the counting-house, which is at the end of the shop—he walked out—I missed the cash-box, and pursued him—he turned short round, ran a few yards, and dropped the box from under his jacket—I pursued and caught him, and took him to the station-house—the cash-box contained 28l. in gold and silver.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me come out with the cash-box? A. Yes—I saw it drop from under your jacket—I saw you with it before you got out—there was a wagon standing in the street—when I charged you with stealing it, you were nearly across the street—when I took you, you were on the same side of the way as our house—you asked what you had done—you were making your escape as fast as you could before you were taken with it—you ran a few yards, then dropped it, and got behind the wagon—I did not pick it up.





JOHN ALFRED EDWARDS
. I am in the employ of Mr. Gregory, in Needsby-court, Fashion-street. I heard something fall on the pavement, near a wagon—it sounded like a box—I found it was a box—I took it up—I afterwards saw the prisoner in the custody of Deacon, about twenty yards off—the cash-box was locked.

Prisoner. Q. Where was it? A. On the foot-path, near the wagon, by the side of the horses—I did not see you drop it—I cannot say whether I was nearer to you than Deacon—I was in a shop, and came out and took it up—I met the prosecutor himself on the pavement, and gave it to him—I did not see you.





WILLIAM BROWN
. I am a cheesemonger in South-street, Spitalfields. I had seen my cash-box about eleven o'clock in the counting-house, on the table—it was locked, and contained 28l. in gold and silver—the counting-house door leading to the street is kept shut, and was not open when I left ten minutes before—I found it wide open afterwards, and heard that the cash-box was gone—I saw Deacon secure the prisoner about twenty yards from the shop—Edwards brought me the cash-box—it contained 28l., and some account-books—I took the money out before I went before the Magistrate, but I found the 28l. in it when I opened it—my house is in the parish of Christchurch, Spitalfields.

Prisoner. Q. Where was I when he took me? A. About twenty yards from the shop, on the same side of the way—the money was produced before the Magistrates.

Prisoner's Defence. Is it likely I should go and steal a cash-box, and go right opposite his house, and drop it, and then walk to the other side of the way? When the man took me, and accused me of it, I said, "What did you say?" and went with him instantly. I had been to Smithfield, and was coming home, and as I passed the prosecutor's another man came by. I beard a man halloo something; I went across the wagon, and when I got further this gentleman seized hold of me, and said, "You have taken master's cash-box, you must come with me." I went to the station-house; the money was never produced before the Magistrate.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.
