



1337. 




JOSEPH WHITE SIMMONS
 was indicted

 for feloniously utter-ing a forged bill of exchange for 200l., with intent to defraud 



Elisha Underwood; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution,





ELISHA UNDERWOOD
. I formerly kept a beer-shop, but am now out. of business. I have known the prisoner about two years—I served him at his lodgings with beer—I now live in Chorley-place, Kent-road-the prisoner

came to my place in Jan. last, and said he had a bill for 200l. on a very respectable man drawn by Shoppee, a builder, and the acceptor was a very respectable man, a wine and spirit merchant, named George Heron—he had known him some years—he asked me to take half of the bill, to discount half of it—I told him I never had any thing to do with bills, and he proposed taking me round to see two referees, one at Bankside, and one in Mark-lane, as to the respectability of Heron—I went round with him, and found Mr. Heron was a highly respectable man—I then proposed writing to Mr. Heron to know if it was his acceptance or not—he proposed to do so, and two days after produced this letter to me—I declined advancing any money till I went to Booth's, the distillers—the prisoner gave me this letter, and I went to Messrs. Booth, who confirmed Mr. Heron's being a respectable man—I returned to my house in Chorley-place, and then advanced him first 81l., and then 12l.—I was to have 100l. when the bill became due, on the 19th of April—the prisoner wrote his name on the back of the bill—I went down to Uxbridge on the 29th of March, and saw Mr. G. H. Heron, produced the bill and the letter, and at his request deposited the bill with Mr. Wood bridge, an attorney, of Uxbridge—the prisoner wrote a memorandum for me at the time I advanced the money, which was for him to receive half the money—I have not got that memorandum—I gave it to him—he wrote it, and I signed it—I did not know Heron till I went to Uxbridge.

Prisoner. Q. Have not I paid you a portion of that 12l.? A. You paid me 5l. 10s. back.





JOSEPH SHOPPEE
. I am a builder, and live at Uxbridge. I know Mr. Heron, a wine and coal merchant, perfectly well—he is a very respectable man—this bill purports to be drawn by me—I never drew it, or authorised the prisoner or any body to put my name to it—I never saw it till it was produced before the Magistrate—(bill read.)





GEORGE WILLIAM HERON
, wine and coal-merchant, Uxbridge. The prisoner was in my employ in 1841—the acceptance to this bill is not my writing—I never authorised the prisoner or any one to accept it for me, or knew of its existence—this letter was not written by me, or by my authority.

MR. WOODBRIDGE. I am clerk to the Justices. This bill and letter were deposited with me at Mr. Heron's request—I have had them ever since.





CHARLES OTWAY
 (police-inspector.) I apprehended the prisoner on the 31st of March at Hercules-buildings, Lambeth.
(Letter read.) "26th Jan. Sir,—I have to acknowledge the receipt of yours of yesterday, inclosing a bill of exchange for 200l., and requesting to know whether it is my acceptance, and will be duly honoured when presented. I return the bill, and beg to say it is my signature; I will take care it shall be provided for when due; I have been in business twenty years, and my father thirty years, and challenge any one to say either of our acceptances were ever returned. Messrs. Booth are my distillers, and for your satisfaction I refer you to them for my respectability; I trust you will then be satisfied, for when in town I was given to understand inquiries had already been made of two persons with whom I do business; I do not like so much inquiry about matters so trivial, and if I had not given Mr. Shoppee the bill, I would have made a different arrangement, paid cash, and taken a discount. G. H. HERON."





CHARLES OTWAY
 (police-inspector.) I produce a certificate of the conviction of Joseph White Simmons, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the roan—(read.)

MR. HERON
re-examined. The prisoner was at that time in my service, and prosecuted by me.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.



Before Mr. Justice Williams.

