



2810. 



SARAH BECKHAM
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; 1 tobacco-box, 6d.; 1 30l. and 1 10l. Bank note; the property of 



Henry Hall.






HENRY HALL
. I live in Little Windmill-street, Haymarket; I am a servant out of place. On Saturday, the 19th of Sept., I was walking in Saint George's market, Southwark—I had in my pocket a tobacco-box, containing a 30l. and a 10l. Bank-note—the money had been left me by a master I formerly lived with—I had put it in the Moorfields savings-bank, and had drawn out these notes on the 10th of Sept.—I was going to make use of it, as I had not any money—the prisoner accosted me in St. George's market, and asked me to stand some drink—we had a quartern of gin, and after that we had a pint of porter—I was induced to pull out my tobacco-box in the public-house to see that I had my money safe—the prisoner was there, but I was not aware that she saw it—I returned the tobacco-box to my pocket she asked me to accompany her home, and I went with her to No. 19, Revell's-row—after

some conversation with the woman in the house we went to a room up stairs—I put my coat on the bed-rail—my tobacco-box was safe in my coat-pocket then—the prisoner then came and sat on the side of the bedrail, and soon after she went down, saying she would bring up some gin and water—finding she did not return I put on my coat, and I missed the tobaccobox and the money—the witness Williams came up and said the prisoner was gone, and I had better go—I am sure the prisoner is the woman who was in the room with me—this is my tobacco-box, and this handkerchief is also mine—it is marked—I told the policeman he would find my initials on it, "H.H."

Prisoner. Q. There was another female jn the house; what makes you accuse me, when you had another female taken up and remanded for a week, and you swore she took the money? A. There was no one else in the room—the other female was detained—I did not swear she robbed me.





HANNAH MATILDA WILLIAMS
. I keep this house. The prisoner and prosecutor came there—the prisoner came down in two minutes—she told me to go up stairs, and she went out—she did not come back—the prosecutor went to the station, and when he returned he complained of his loss—they took me, because a shirt front was found in the drawer—I went to make the bed, and found it—the prosecutor could not swear to that front—he gave me money for something to drink—I sent another female for it.

Prisoner. Q. Did not I come down and say, "Mrs. Williams, this man has given me 5s. to sleep with him, and I shall not sleep with him for the 5s.;" and did you not say, "If you don't give me something out of the 5s. I shall not let you go," and I gave you 1s. 6d.? A. No.





ELIZA SIDNEY ABBOTT
. I live at No. 5, Barr's buildings; On the Wednesday after the 19th of Sept. the prisoner took an unfurnished room of me—she brought a bed, bedstead, tea-trays, and other things, which were all new—the constable came there on the 23rd of Sept—I was present when he found this tobacco-box in her room.





HENRY BARRY
 (police-constable M 171.) I went to search the room, and found this tobacco-box, and this handkerchief, marked with the prosecutor's initials—I found the things in the room were all new, and I should think worth about 3l.—I traced the 10l. note to Baxter, in Kent-street, but he did not know who he took it of—the prosecutor gave me an account of the notes and the numbers—I traced it by that.

Prisoner's Defence. I saw this man very much in drink; he asked me where I was going; I said home; we had several quarterns to drink; he asked me to go and sleep with him, and I went; I asked what he was going to give me, he said 5s.; he gave me 3s.; I said, "I cannot stop with you unless you give me the other 2s.; he gave it me, and said, "You can do as you like, go or stay;" I left him and the witness in the room.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(The prisoner had been before convicted of robbery.)
