






83. 




JOSEPH GREEN,



 EDWARD THOMAS
, and 




CATHARINE CURTIS



, stealing 1 watch, value 3l. the goods of 



George Allen, from his person.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE ALLLEN.
 I am an officer of Excise. On Wednesday evening, 3rd Nov., I was near Rood-lane, in Fenchurch-street, between six and seven o'clock—I was carrying a bag in each hand—some female came up to me—I do not know her—she either asked me the way to the railway station, or whether I had come from the railway station—she did not stay with me, she went away—I had a silver watch, secured with a silk guard—after she was gone, a policeman came to me, and in consequence of what he said I missed my watch—the guard had been broken or cut, I do not know which—my watch was afterwards shown me by the policeman—this now produced is it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYE.
Q. Did you not tell the policeman two or three times that you had not, lost anything? A. Yes, twice—I thought I had not—there is no mark on my watch—it is a common one—I do not know that it has any number or maker's name—I have no doubt of its being mine from my general knowledge of it—I had had it about ten months—I had it from Birmingham—it went pretty well—I did not know it was taken, nor that the guard was broken—I had been to the Permit-office, in London-street, Fenchurch-street—I was quite sober.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY.
Q. How long did the woman speak to you? A. I do not know—I am married—I believe this is a silver watch—I will swear it is mine—I believe it to be mine by the general appearance of it—I had only this one—it came from Birmingham, through the Post-office, in a tin box—I paid 3l. 15s. 8d. for it—this is the bill of it—I did not agree to give the woman 5s. for any purpose—I will swear that—I do not recollect seeing the female prisoner till the next morning at the Mansion-house—I should think not a minute elapsed between the woman leaving me and the policeman coming to me—he asked me twice if I had lost anything—I told him no—he said he wished me to satisfy him—I put one of the bags on the pavement, put my hand in my pocket, and missed my watch—I had seen it safe that morning, and several times during the day—I had seen it within an hour—I walked through the street with a bag in each hand—I did not take notice of the woman who spoke to me—I do not think I had spoken to any other person but her and the policeman.

MR. RYLAND.
Q. You believe your watch was safe at the office in London-street? A. Yes, that is better than 200 yards from where the woman spoke to me.





JOSEPH HEDINGTON
 (City policeman, 20) I was in company with Haydon in High-street, Borough, on the evening of 3rd Nov., about a quarter before six o'clock—I saw the three prisoner—Curtis walked first, followed by the two men—they were about five or six yards apart, but they varied the distance from time to time—I watched them—they went over London-bridge, and about the centre of the bridge Curtis spoke to a gentleman—they then went up King William-street to Lothbury—Curtis there spoke to a gentleman at the corner of the Bank for a few minutes—she then returned to the men, and they walked to the end of Princes-street—they separated and went past the Bank, and in Exchange-buildings they spoke for two or three minutes—they then went on, and appeared to have missed Curtis—Thomas went on to Gracechurch-street, and I after him—he saw Curtis standing there, and he held up his umbrella, she nodded—she then went down Gracechurch-person

followed him—he then slackened his pace and began to walk—I street, and the men on the other side—they walked on to Fenchurch-street—they again separated, and near Lime-street Curtis spoke to a gentleman—he left her, and she went and spoke to the prosecutor at the corner of Philpot-lane—she left him, and the two men went over to her, and were looking down—I went and spoke to the prosecutor—he said he had lost nothing—I asked him again, and desired him to satisfy himself—he left in his pocket, and missed his watch—I went down Philpot-lane, and met the two men—Green struck at me with a riding-whip—I called Haydon, and we took them—I searched Green, and found on him a gold mourning-ring, a diamond ring, a gold pin, a silver watch, a gold guard, and a seal—at the time I saw Curtis go to the prosecutor the men were in sight—Green was standing very nearly opposite to her, and Thomas a minute before crossed on the same side that Curtis was on—they were both within a very few yards of her—on that same day I had been with Haydon at the police-court, Southwark, and Green and Cutis passed us—Green then had a small black and white dog with him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE.
Q. You say when Curtis spoke to the prosecutor one of the men was on the opposite side of the way? A. At first they were both there, but Thomas crossed, and went and stood very near where the prosecutor stood—he crossed and went down Philpot-lane after the robbery, but he had passed Curtis and the prosecutor, while they were talking, he passed on towards Gracechurch-street—Green was on the opposite side of the street, standing looking over to Curtis—when I went up to the prosecutor the two men were coming towards me up Philpot-lane again—I laid hold of Green by the scarf, and he struck me.





MICHAEL HAYDON
 (City policeman, 274.) I was in company with Hedington in High-street, Borough, on 3rd Nov.—I saw the prisoners—we watched them, and fallowed them over London-bridge—on the bridge Curtis accosted a gentleman, and the two men were at a little distance behind—they then went down King William-street, down Princes-street, and at the corner of Lothbury Curtis accosted a gentleman—the two men were, as before, a short distance off—Curtis remained with the gentleman about five minutes—she then returned to the men, and said something to them—they walked up Princes-street to the corner of the Bank, and passed to Bartholomew-lane to the corner of Exchange-buildings—there they all joined again, and stood by a shop window—from there they went to Cornhill, and on the left-hand side Thomas appeared to have lost sight of Curtis—he started off to Gracechurch-street, and Curtis crossed and walked to the corner of Gracechurch-street——there Thomas recognized her, and he appeared to raise an umbrella—they then walked down Gracechurch-street, and at the corner of Fenchurch-street they separated—Curtis went to the corner of Lime-street and accosted a gentleman—she left him, and accosted the prosecutor—the two men were then standing opposite, at the corner of Lime-street—I watched them about a minute, and suddenly Curtis left the prosecutor, who had something in hishand, which I think was a carpet bag—Curtis started, and the two men came close to where she and the prosecutor were standing, and were looking down as if they had lost something—Hedington asked the prosecutor if he had lost anything—he said, "No"—Hedington said, "Feel your pocket"—he did, and he said, "Yes, my watch is gone"—Hedington started after the two men who had gone down the lane—I was going after Curtis, but I heard Hedington cry for assistance—I turned back, and saw him struggling with Green—Thomas ran past me—I pursued him about half way down the lane, and cried, "Stop thief"—some

and ten—I did not sell you anything—you said you would call next day at went up and secured him—I handed him to a brother officer, and as I suspected Curtis would return to the Borough, I followed her, and at the foot of London-bridge I saw her—I stopped till another officer came up in case of a rescue—I then went up to her and said, "I am a constable, I want you for stealing a watch from a gentleman"—she trembled and said, "Come this way, here it is, here it is," putting her hand in her pocket and pulling out this watch—I showed it to the prosecutor within ten minutes afterwards and he claimed it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY.
Q. I believe the prosecutor went to the station that night? A. Yes—he saw Curtis that night—I should say he is quite mistaken if he says he did not see her till the next morning.

GREEN—


GUILTY. Aged 35.

THOMAS—


GUILTY. Aged 24.

CURTIS—


GUILTY.






Transported for Ten Years.

