




534. 




THOMAS FIELD
 and 




HENRY WATSON



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Abel, and stealing 2 spoons, 1 pair of sugar-tongs, 1 toast-rack, and other articles, value 20l.; his goods.


MR. EWART
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH WATKINS
. I am in Mr. Abel's service, of Colebrook-row, Islington; it is his dwelling-house. On 20th Jan. I went to bed about one o'clock—I fastened the door—the staircase window was shut, but not fastened—I got up about ten minutes past seven, and found it opened, and the flowers moved away—I called my master.





WILLIAM ABEL
. I live at 12, Colebrook-row, Islington. On 21st Jan. my servant called me up—I found the staircase-window and the street-door open, and missed some coats, spoons, a pair of sugar-tongs, and other things, none of which have been found—a tea-chest was moved from the parlour into the kitchen—I found a knife in the kitchen which did not belong to me—I gave it to the policeman.





GEORGE COLLIWS
 (policeman, N 59). Mr. Abel sent for me, and gave me this knife—I found a mark on the railing, and found they had got up to the window by some lead pipe—I saw impressions of footsteps of two different sizes very fresh—I examined the prisoners' shoes with them by making a,

mark at the side, and they corresponded—one boot has half the heel off—I found the shoes at the prisoners' lodging, 2, Swan-yard, Islington—they both owned the. shoes—they both sleep in one room.





THOMAS ELSOK
 (policeman, N 51). I was with Collins, and saw the shoemarks compared—they corresponded exactly.





JOSEPH RAKER
 (policeman). On 9th Sept. last I had Field in charge, and found on him this knife—I know it by its having four rivets on one side, and two on the other, and I made this private mark on it before I returned it to him.





JOHN GUNN
 (policeman). I was present last Sept., when Field was searched, and believe this to be the knife then taken from him—there was a screw in it similar to this.





WILLIAM BALLARD
 (policeman) I saw Raker make this private mark on this knife, on 9th Sept.

Field's Defence. It is false; Waddington, the gaoler, hat got the knife that was taken from me.

Field called






JOHN MAYNARD
. I live at 3, Parson's-court, Islington. On 9th Sept. I and Field were taken into custody on suspicion of a burglary—a knife was taken from Field—this is not it—it had a black handle, and only one blade.

MR. EWART. Q. How long have you known Field? A. All my life—I was convicted with him before a Magistrate, and got three months.





MARGARET CHARLOTTE
. My husband is a paper-hanger at High-street, Islington. I saw Field go into his own home, at half-past one o'clock last Sunday week—I was sitting up for my husband till half-past four o'clock—I know that Field did not go out again.





GEORGE WADDINGTON
. I am a gaoler. I gave Field a knife when he left, five months ago—he sent, and wanted me to prove that this was it, but I do not know it

FIELD—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.


WATSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 23. —



Confined One Year. (Field had been twice before convicted, but it was not charged in the indictment.)
