





1920. 




JOHN WOOD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
16th of June, 2 saws, value 2s.; 1 pair of pliers, value 1s.; 1 chisel, value 1s.; 1 screwdriver, value 6d.; 2 planes, value 2s.; 1 bed-winch, value 1s.; 1 axe, value 1s.; 1 hone, value 1s.; 1 hammer, value 3d.; and 1 basket, value 3d.; the goods of 



William Evans:—

Also 10 carver's tools, value 7s., 1 pair of skates, value 2s. 6d.; 1 knife, value 1s.; and 1 apron, value 6d.; the goods of 



William Evans the younger:—

Also 26 carver's tools, value 8s.; 4 gilder's tools, called crooks, value 3s.; and 4 chisels, value 3s.; the goods of 



Charles William Nash.—(See page 417.)





WILLIAM EVANS, JUN
. I am a carver and gilder, and work at my father's, in Silver-street, Golden-square. At eight o'clock on Wednesday evening, the 16th of June, I left my tools safe—I missed them the following morning at seven o'clock.


Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You know nothing of the prisoner? A. No.





CHARLES WILLIAM NASH
. I live at No. 18, Silver-street, Golden-square, at the same shop as the last witness. I left my tools safe on the 16th of June, Wednesday, 1 think—I left work at eight o'clock—I missed them next morning, about a quarter-past seven, on going to work.





WILLIAM EVANS
. I am proprietor of the shop in Silver-street. I missed some tools the same night, and a picture also, which I have not found.





HENRY LONG
. I keep a general sale shop in West-street, St. Martin's-lane. On Thursday, the 17th of June, after seven o'clock in the morning, the prisoner, who I knew before, came to my house with these tool sin a basket—I heard him knocking at the door for three-quarters of an hour before I came down, and when I got down I saw it was the man who had sold me some trays—I put my things on, and went down—he asked if I had done any thing with the trays he had sold—I made no a swer, but said I would go and see what o'clock it was—I went on to Seven Dials—I brought a policeman, who went round one way, and I the other; and when I came I found the tools inside the door, and the door put to—in a minute or two afterwards the prisoner came up to the door, and I gave him into custody—I am certain he is the man who brought the tools to my house.

Cross-examined. Q. What day was this? A. The 17th—I did not ask him any question at all—I was a witness yesterday, on a trial respecting the trays—he was acquitted on that charge.





GEORGE BOURNE
. I am a policeman. Long came and gave me information on the 17th of June, about half-past seven o'clock in the morning—I went to his house—the prisoner afterwards came to the door, and I took him into custody, and took a basket out of the shop with tools in it—I had the basket in my hand when I took the prisoner—he said he would carry the basket, it being his own property, and said he had bought them at a sale.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence (written.) "About six o'clock, the morning I was taken, I left my lodgings, and went to a public-house to have a dram; while there, I saw a person whom I had been in company with the evening before —another person came in who had been with us the previous evening—this third person asked if I had any money, adding, that he had none. I said I had not much. I knew he was the same trade as myself, a carpenter—he said he must have some money; and if he could not get it in any other way, he must sell some of his tools—he went away, and returned almost immediately with the basket of tools, and asked if I knew where he could sell them. I said I knew Long, who had bought something of the sort before, and would show him where Long lived, or, if he wished, I would take them myself—he said, "If you will give me a crown for them, you can make the best bargain you can with Long." I gave him 4s., being all I had. I went to Long, and was given into custody for the offence I was charged with yesterday. The prosecutor lost a picture, and my wife has received an anonymous letter, stating that I am not the person who committed the robbery, that he himself committed it, and sold me the tools—it states where he sold the picture, which I think ought to be traced."




GUILTY
*. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.
