



1842. 




THOMAS OLIVER
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 umbrella, value 5s.; the goods of 



Edward Baker; having been before convicted of felony.






EDWARD BAKER.
 I have chambers at No. 36, Great Ormond-street—I saw my umbrella safe in the lobby, which is in front of my chambers, some time in the morning—I was in the house at the time—I afterwards missed it.





CHARLES JEANS.
 I am a painter, and live in Upper Overy-street, St. Marylebone—on the 17th of July I was at work at Mr. Baker's chambers, the prisoner came and asked me if a person named Richardson worked there—I said, "No"—he left the room, and went up to the second story—I afterwards went into the kitchen to the housekeeper—as I came up the stairs the prisoner came down the stairs and went into the street—I crossed the street afterwards, and then saw him go into the house again, and saw him come down the stairs with an umbrella under his arm—he was coming out of the house—directly he saw me, he ran up with it again—I shut the door, shut him into the house, and sent for a policeman—I was away for about three minutes, and he had go into the street—it was a silk umbrella with a yellow handle—this produced is it—I had seen it in the stand before, and no other umbrella near it—when I came back it was put back into its place.





EDWARD BAKER

re-examined. It was found in the place it had been in before—it is my umbrella, and the one which was missed from the hall.

Prisoner's Defence. I met a person who told me to ask if a person named Richardson worked there; I did so; when I came out of the house the man said I had stolen an umbrella; I know nothing about it.





JAMES DOWSETT
 (policeman.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read—Convicted Aug., 1845, and confined one year)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.

Prisoner. Two policemen have identified me as two different persons.

Witness. I am certain of him.




GUILTY. Aged 21.—


Transported for seven Years.


Before Mr. Common Serjeant.

