






1348. 




EDWARD ROURKE,



 THOMAS COSGROVE 




TIMOTHY SULLIVAN
 and 




WILLIAM PRENDERVILLE



, stealing 2lbs. weight of lamb, value 1s. 7d., and 1 groat the property of George Schmae, from his person; Cosgrove, Sullivan and Prenderville having been before convicted; to which 
ROURKE pleaded 



GUILTY
. Aged 17.—



Confined Six Months.






GEORGE SCHMAK.
 I am a pastry-cook and confectioner, in Warwick-row, Kensington—on 29th April, at a quarter before eleven o'clock at night, I was passing along Kensington with a basket on my arm, and a piece of lamb in it, and a four-penny piece in my hand—I was stopped by Rourke, Sullivan, and two other boys—they all four came round me, and one of them took the four, penny piece out of my hand, another took the lamb and they all ran away—I could not do anything, as they all came upon me so quickly—I had seen Rourke and Sullivan before, I knew them by sight—I gave information to the police.





THOMAS ROBERTS
 (policeman, T131.) On 29th April at twenty-five minutes before eleven o'clock at night, I saw the four prisoners together at the corner of Scarson's-terrace, Kensington—I knew them before—as soon as they saw me, they made some remark and went to the end of the terrace—about eleven I received information and went after the prisoners—I met them all four in Church-street—I took Rourke, the other three made off—I am quite sure it was the other three—I knew them all well.






GEORGE HAVILL
 (police-inspector.) I apprehended Prenderville on 9th May—I told him I took him for robbing Schmae—he said it was not him, in was Rourke took the lamb from the basket, and young Cosgrove took the money—he said the lamb was sold for 6d., and he had a penny for his sh✗ with which he was not satisfied.





THOMAS EASTLING
 (police-sergeant, T17.) I took Sullivan, he said he supposed it was about Schmae that I took him—I told him yes.

Sullivan's Defence. I met Prenderville; he asked if I would buy some meat; I said I had no money; they went to have some beer; I met them again, and we were coming down the street and the officer caught Rourke.

Cosgrove's Defence. I know nothing about it.

Prenderville's Defence. I said it was Cosgrove took it, and then he said it was me.





THOMAS EASTLING

re-examined. I produce a certificate of Prenderville's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted 20th Sept., 1847and confined six months and whipped)—I was present at the trial—he is the person.





JOHN ALLEN
 (policeman, T57.) I produce a certificate of the conviction of Sullivan and Cosgrove—(read—Convicted 16th Aug., 1847; Cosgrose having been before convicted; Cosgrove confined four months, Sullivan two months)—the prisoners are the persons.

COSGROVE—


GUILTY.
 Aged 17; SULLIVAN—


GUILTY. Aged 14

PRENDERVILLE—


GUILTY. Aged 16; 




Transported for Seven Years.

