



1155. 




DANIEL HARLEY
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Godby, on the 
29th of March, at 
St. Andrew, Holborn, and stealing therein, 13 coats, value 14l.; 9 pairs of trowsers, value 4l.; 6 waistcoats, value 1l. 10s.; 1 pair of boots, value 5s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 2s.; and 2 bags, Value 3s.; his goods.






THOMAS GODBY
. I am a tailor and clothes-salesman, and live at Nos. 36 and 37, Brook-street, Holborn, in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn. On Sunday, the 29th of March, about six o'clock in the, evening, I was in my back parlour, and saw a bag hanging there—it contained the articles stated, which are worth altogether about 20l.—it is a bag Which I use in my business—I buy clothes—I bad been out the day before—about nine o'clock there came a ring at the bell, my niece went to open the door, and discovered a light in the back parlour—in consequence of that I went into the back parlour, and missed the bag—the door was left open into the passage—if they had gone out of the back parlour by that door, they would have got out of the front door—the front door was shut, they could not have got in by any other means except by keys—there was, nobody in the back parlour when I went in—I found my bag in the course of the same night—the policeman came to ask me about It—there was a candle burning in the back parlour when I went In—there Were two candles left on the Saturday night, and they had lit one of them—It was not lighted when I left my bag there.





JOHN CALLOW
 (police-constable G 72.) I was on duty on Sunday night, the 29th of March, from eight to a quarter-past eight o'clock, I saw the prisoner in Fox-court, Gray's Inn-lane, not more than two hundred yards from the prosecutor's house—he was going towards Gray's Inn-lane, in a direction from the prosecutor's house—he had the bag with him—I stopped him, took him into a public-house there, left the bag in custody of the landlord, and took him to the station-house—I asked him what he had there when I stopped him—he said he did not know—I asked where he got it from—he said a man had given it to him, and promised him 6d.

for carrying it into Gray's Inn-lane—I stopped a minute or two, to see if the man would come past, but no man made his appearance—in going to the station-house I heard something thing in his pocket—I put my hand in, and said, "Have you keys here?"—he said, "Yes, I have," and I took ten skeleton-keys out of his pocket—(producing them)—I have tried them to Mr. Godby's door, and one of them will open it—I afterwards took the bag to the station-house, and produce it.





THOMAS GODBY

re-examined. This is my bag and property.





SOPHIA TRING
. I am the prosecutor's niece, and live with him. I called my uncle, and went into the back-parlour—one of the candles was lighted—it appeared to have been lighted some time—it was almost burnt out, and had a very long snuff—it had been a large-sized candle—I do not think it was a mould—it was much shorter than the other—it was about nine o'clock, or a little after, when I discovered it.

Prisoner's Defence. I was passing down Brook-street on the Sunday evening, and saw a man carrying the bag; be asked me whether I wanted a job, to earn 6d. I said I did; he threw the bag over my shoulder, and said if I would carry it to Gray's Inn-lane for him he would give me 6d. I was going off with it, when he said, "Stop, you may as well carry these with you;" and he put something into my pocket, but I did not know what it was at the time. The policeman called me, and asked what I had there; I said, "I don't know." The person who gave me the things must have gone away, when he found the policeman stopped me.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
