



2938. 




THOMAS ELSTON
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging, on the 
6th of August, a request for the delivery of 1 cask of coffee, with intent to defraud the 
London and Blackwall Railway Company.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






BENJAMIN HODSON
. I am a porter in the service of the London and Blackwall Railway Company. Between one and two o'clock on the 6th of August Hawkins came to me in company with another man, and the other man, who is not in custody, produced this order to me—I compared it with some documents in possession of the Railway Company, and then I delivered to those parties a cask of coffee—they took it away with them—on the Monday following application was made for that cask of coffee.





ROBERT CORK
. I am a town-carrier, living at St. Dunstan's-hill, City. I have known the prisoner about four years—during that time I have seen him write, and seen his handwriting—I am well acquainted with his handwriting—I believe this order to be in his handwriting, both the body and the signature of it—I have seen enough of his writing, and have no doubt it is his.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did not he come to you and charge you with saying that something was his handwriting, and it was not, before he was apprehended? A. Not to ask any questions about this—he came before he was apprehended—I did not know where he was to be found—he owes me something—there is an outstanding account—I have never troubled him about it—it has been three years standing—I was not in a very good humour about not having it—I have told him some twenty times that I ought to have it—it would have made no difference in the present case whether I had it or had not—I did not tell him any thing about a cask of coffee.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. How much does he owe you? A. It may be some 6l. or 7l.—he has told me he had no money, and so on.





ALBERT FINCHAM
. I am the son of Mrs. Fincham, and am clerk in the house of Fincham, Matson, and Co., in Martin's-lane, Cannon-street—they

are tea and coffee dealers. A dock warrant, similar to this order, was handed by us to Messrs. Tunley—we have never given orders to the prisoner to write any orders for our firm—I never saw him that I know of.





GEORGE BARBER
. I am in the service of Messrs. Tunley. I went to the Blackwall Railway to get a cask of coffee, and it was gone—it has not been delivered to us—I never gave an order to any one to deliver it—I never saw the prisoner till to-day.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Fifth Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.

