





280. 




JOHN SELF,



 JAMES SULLIVAN
, and 




JAMES FOLEY
, were indicted for

stealing, on the 
28th of Nov., 61bs. of bacon, value 2s. 6d.; the goods of 



John William Holland; and that Self had been before convicted of felony; to which


SELF pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 15.—


Transported for Seven Years.






THOMAS WHIPHAM
. I live in Barratt's-court, Marylebone. Mr. Holland

lives in James-street, and is a cheesemonger—on the 28th of Nov., about nine o'clock in the morning, I saw the three prisoners going in a direction to Mr. Holland's shop—I was in Henrietta-street—I afterwards saw them again coming down Henrietta-street, in a direction from Mr. Holland's—Self had a piece of bacon under his jacket—the knuckle bone of it stuck out—he went behind a truck and Foley said, "Stop you fool, there is the butcher's boy"—(there was a butcher's boy looking at them)—Sullivan and Foley then went into Mrs. Lee's lodging-house, and Self went behind a cart and put the bacon on the spring of the cart—he then went and put the bacon in the screen against Mrs. Lee's lodging-house—he then went into the lodging-house with it—I saw Sullivan come out of the lodging-house—the policeman took hold of Self first—Foley was inside the lodging-house.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where did you first see them? A. In Henrietta-street—I was playing there—I have no place to go to—I was out of work—Mr. Holland's shop is at the corner of James-street—I did not see the prisoners in the same street that the bacon shop is in.





WILLIAM TULLEY
. I live in Gray's-buildings. I was at play with Whipham in Henrietta-street, opposite Mrs. Lee's—I saw the prisoners come oat of Mrs. Lee's together about nine o'clock—they went in the direction of Mr. Holland's shop—in a few minutes they came back running, Self had some bacon—the other two prisoners went into Mrs. Lee's, and Self was dodging about some carts with the piece of bacon—he afterwards took it into Mrs. Lee's—the other two prisoners were in the house—the servant was at Mrs. Lee's door, and she said to Self, "You shan't bring it in here"—I afterwardi saw two of the prisoners in Mrs. Lee's area, and I heard something splash in the water-butt.

Cross-examined. Q. Is Mrs. Lee's house in Henriettp-treet? A. Yes, James-street runs out of Henrietta-street—I lost sight of tue prisoners when they turned the corner of James-street—it was ten minutes or a quarter of an hour before I saw them come back.





JOHN DAFTER
 (police-constable M 215.) I went to Mrs. Lee's house—I found Self outside the door—I took him—as I was going to the station with him Sullivan came up—he said, "I was first accused of this"—I took them bot—I went back to Lee's—I found Foley sitting by the fire—I told him I had two in custody for stealing the bacon—he said, "I have not been out with them this morning"—I found this bacon in the water-butt.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you tell Foley the name of the boys you had? A. No, I said I had two boys in custody for stealing this bacon, which I then had in my hand—I do not know whether Foley's father lives there.





ARTHUR BOSALL
. I am shopman to Mr. John William Holland, 3 cheesemonger and pork butcher—he lives in James-street, Oxford-street—at a little after nine o'clock, on the 28th Nov., I missed a piece of bacon from the corner of the stall-board just outside the shop—I had placed it there about a quarter of an hour before—this is the piece—it weighs about 61bs.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know it? A. By the cut—my master cut it and I put it out—this was the only piece of this sort that was outside.

Sullivan. I was going in to my breakfast, and Self came running in after me with the bacon.

SULLIVAN—


GUITLY
. Aged 16.

FOLEY—


GUILTY
* Aged 16.





Confined Three Months.
