



1466. 




WILLIAM LACK
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
25th of February, 15 brushes, value 2l., the goods of 



William Orr, his master.






WILLIAM HENRY PUTNEY
. On the 25th of February, I was in the service of William Orr—the prisoner was occasionally in his employ as a labourer, for nearly twelve months—I was told to watch him, and about quarter after six o'clock that evening, he came to do up the horses as usual in the stable—he locked the door, and went away with a bundle under his arm—I said, "Lack, what have you got there?"—he said, "Why, don't make a noise, I can put them back"—I then said, "If you have got nothing you are ashamed or afraid of, come round with me to the governor? I have his orders to watch you, and have done so"—he said he would not go round, he should be obliged to see him in the morning—we walked down the yard together, and as he would not go with me, I took the parcel from him, and took it to Mr. Orr—I opened it in Mr. Orr's presence, it contained fifteen brushes—I left them at Mr. Orr's—I left the prisoner at the end of the gateway, talking to Perry the carpenter, and when I returned in a quarter of an hour he was gone.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you see him afterwards? A. Yes—I met him in Holborn about a month or six weeks after, and said he had better keep out of the way, for if Mr. Orr saw him, he would be sure to punish him—he was taken into custody afterwards in Britannia-fields, a very little way from my master's—Perry is not here—I have not been in any particular trouble—I was charged some time ago at Worship-street with exposing myself, and I suffered for it—a lad who works for Mr. Pemble was present when I took the brushes from the prisoner—he is not here—I did not know where the prisoner lived—I know it it somewhere in Windsor-street—I did not go to look after him—he had 2s. 6d. a day.





WILLIAM ORR
. I am a merchant. I have several warehouses at Islington, The prisoner has been in my employ about a year—in the summer be had 18s. a week, and 14s. in the winter—he had to pack goods for exportation, or any thing else, and looked after the horses—on the 25th of February, Putney brought me a parcel of fifteen brushes, which I know to be mine—I had had them packed up for six months previous—I had not seen them after—they were packed up ready to be exported—they had never been off my premises—I went and examined the cases they should have been in, and found three cases, which had contained fifteen or sixteen dozen, nearly empty—I think there were not above two dozen left in the three cases—these things were bought by me for the purpose of exportation—they correspond with those I missed—here are ink marks on them which correspond with those left behind—I have not the least hesitation in swearing they are my property—he took away all the large ones, and left the small ones—here is a cross on one

and a figure "4," which denotes the size of the brush—the marks are not made by me, but by the manufacturer—there are no marks made by ray. self—I kept the brushes in my possession till the prisoner was found—I then gave them to the police—the prisoner left my service when four days' wages were due to him—he went away without demanding them—I never saw him since till he was apprehended—I gave information at the station on the night of the robbery.

Cross-examined. Q. You ordered these things at the manufacturers? A. Yes, and they were sent home in prickles—I saw them packed for exportation—the cases they were in, in my warehouse, were the cases they were in to go abroad in—I saw a quantity of brushes there—I cannot tell whether I saw these identical brushes—Putney told me he had seen the prisoner before he was taken into custody—I have been on the look-out for him ever since—he was taken a quarter of a mile from my house—I had three carpenters, the prisoner, Putney, and my son-in-law, in my employ at the time of the robbery.





JAMES SMITH
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner, and afterwards received these brushes from the prosecutor.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.
