



150. 




HENRY EMERTON
 was indicted

 for that he, about the hour of three o'clock in the night of the 
12th of Nov., at 
All Saints', Poplar, being in the dwelling-house of 



William Vince, feloniously did steal 1 wafer-stamp, value 10d.; the goods of 



Joseph Eastwood: and 1 glove, value 3d.; I bottle of gin, Is. 4d.; and 120 farthings, the property of 



William Vince; and having so committed the said felony, did burglariously break out of the same dwelling-house.



MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM VINCE
. I keep the City Arms public-house in Ord-street, Mill-wall—it is my dwelling-house, and is in the parish of All Saints, Poplar. The prisoner had been in my service as a pot-man—he was discharged on the 13th of June—in consequence of my house having been broken open several times within a short space of time some persons were on the watch—on Thursday, the 12th of Nov., I was the last person up in my house—I shut up the place and went to bed about half-past ten o'clock—I saw it all shut up safe—about three o'clock in the morning the policeman rang the bell, and I went down stairs—there is a flap leading into the cellar, in the passage or a sort of lobby—it was down when I went to bed, and when I came down I found it lifted up—it prevented the lobby door from opening—I examined the house—there was no mark of violence on the outside—there is a wash-house there—from the appearances, I should say a person had got out of the house by unbolting the wash-house door, and going up the steps from the wash-house into the back yard—there is no communication between the back yard and the cellar—the wash-house is on the same floor with the cellar—a person could get from the wash-house to the cellar, and from the cellar to the wash-house, from which there are steps leading up into the yard and over the wall into other yards and get away—I examined the doors of the spirit and the beer-cellar—I found them open—I had left them locked—I examined the bar, and missed from there half a crown's worth of farthings, a glove, and some screws of tobacco—I know the paper the farthings were wrapped in—that paper was produced by Edwards, the officer—the farthings were safe the night before—they must have gone between half-past ten o'clock at night and three o'clock in the morning—I had in my spirit-cellar a cask of unsweetened gin—the officer produced this bottle of unsweetened gin to me—I have tasted it, and it corresponds with mine—this glove was produced to me—it is mine, and was in the bar—these parcels of tobacco are in paper which corresponds with what I had put the tobacco in the night before, and this is the paper the farthings were in—I have a perfect recollection of it—I have not a doubt this is the paper I put them in—the house was searched, and there was no person in it—the prisoner was in my service long enough to be acquainted with the premises, and the ways of getting in and out—he was with me from March till June.





SAMUEL WILKINSON
. I am pot-man at the City Arms. On the night of Friday, the 13th of Nov., about seven o'clock, I saw a person lying on the top of the wall in the yard—I could not see his face—I went out at the front door and round towards the place—I saw the prisoner running by the side of the wall from the spot where I had seen the person, and there was no person on the top of the wall then—I called, "Stop thief," and saw the constable catch the prisoner.





HENRY PAYNE
. I am constable of the West India Docks—I have a box at my station—on that Friday, about seven o'clock, I heard, a cry of "Stop thief" by Wilkinson—I went into the middle of the road and saw the prisoner running towards me very fast, coming in a direction from Mr. Vince's house—I stopped him and took him into my box—Wilkinson came up and said he was the man who had run from the wall of the City Arms—the prisoner did not say anything—I had just taken this bottle of gin from his side pocket when the policeman came up—I gave the prisoner and the gin to him.





ROBERT EDWARDS
 (police-constable K 311.) About seven o'clock on that

Friday evening, I received the prisoner from Payne, and this bottle of gin—the prisoner said he had had it given him by a young man whom he did not know—I found on him a paper containing 120 farthings, five screws of tobacco, this glove, and this wafer-stamp.





JOSEPH EASTWOOD
. I am pot-man at the City Arms, and live in the house—I had a waistcoat hanging up in the pot-house on the 12th of Nov.—this wafer-stamp was safe in the waistcoat pocket on the Thursday night when I hung my waistcoat up—the next morning at nine o'clock my stamp was gone—this is it.





JEREMIAH NORTON
 (police-constable K 129.) About a quarter before three o'clock on Friday morning, the 13th of Nov., I was passing the City Arms, and I observed a light over the door—I got a brother officer, and posted him at the back of the house—I listened at the door, and heard a footstep—I rang the bell, and went over the house with Mr. Vince—I could not find any person—the celler flap was up—supposing a person had been there when I heard the footstep, that person could have got into the yard and over the wall.





JAMES HARRIS
 (police-sergeant K 21.) The prisoner was brought to the station—I asked him to account for the things found on him—he said he received them from Sam Chappel—I said, When?"—he said, "At five o'clock yesterday morning on the Dock bridge"—he said Chappel went into the house and came out and gave them to him—I have searched for Chappel but have not been able to find him—the prisoner said when Chappel went in he was waiting for him on the Dock bridge—he did not say when Chappel went in—he said he was in the house when he himself was taken—the Dock bridge is only a few yards from the City Arms, close to it, only across the road—any person on the bridge would be in view of the prosecutor's house—the prisoner said "Five o'clock yesterday morning," which, from the time bespoke, would be five o'clock on Friday morning.

COURT. Q.
IS there such a person as Sam Chappel? A. I have inquired—there is such a person, but I cannot find him—the prisoner said he should look for him somewhere about Ratcliffe-highway if he wanted him.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years
,
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
