



629. 




HENRY WARNFORD
 was indicted

 for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Smith, and stealing 1 coat, value 1l. 10s., his property; and 3 coats, 6l. 10s., the goods of 



Henry Jonas Smith.






JOHN SMITH
. I live at Deptford, and am a hatter—it is my dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. Paul, Deptford—on the morning of the 19th of Nov. I got up about seven o'clock—I did not miss anything—I did not look at the entrance to the cellar, but my wife did—I know this coat to be mine





HENRY JONAS SMITH
. I am the son of John Smith—on the night of Tuesday, the 18th of Nov. I went to bed about one o'clock—my brother fastened up the house in my presence—I saw the front door fastened—I cannot swear whether the cellar door was—these three coats are mine—I saw them safe that night—two of them were in the room in which we dwell, and one was on the rails of the stairs—the prisoner used to come backwards and forwards to our house—my mother got up first on the morning of the 19th.






JOHN SEARLE
. I am in Mr. Smith's employ—on the evening of the 18th of Nov. I shut the cellar door at a quarter after nine o'clock—I fastened it outside with a key—I put the key behind the street door where it usually hung.





HARRIET SMITH
. I am the wife of John Smith—I came down on Wednesday morning, the 19th of Nov., about four o'clock—I did not go to the street door then, but I came down again about a quarter before five to let in the sweeps—I found the street door was unlocked—I had seen the prisoner at our house the evening before—the last time I saw him was about eight o'clock—when my son was going to put one of his coats on in the morning they were gone—I asked if the doors had been locked the night before, and they were—we suppose some person must have got the key or some key and got in at the cellar and opened the street door.





LAWRENCE LAW
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Blackfriars—I produce a coat, which was pawned with me, I cannot tell by whom.





JOHN HASTINGS
. I am in the employ of Mr. Dempster, a pawnbroker, in the Borough—I produce two coats pawned on the 19th of Nov.—I cannot say by whom.





ROBERT COX
. I am a pawnbroker—I produce a coat pawned on the 19th of Nov.—I cannot recollect by whom—it was pawned in the name of Fitch—that is the name in which they were all pawned.





BENJAMIN LOVELL
 (police-sergeant R 15.) On the 10th of Jan. I went down to Southampton and found the prisoner on board a steam vessel—I said I had a warrant to take him on suspicion of breaking into Mr. Smith's house and stealing five coats—he said, "There were not five coats, there were only four"—I am sure he said that, in the presence of the chief engineer and another person.

Prisoner. I have nothing to say only I am not guilty; I heard Mr. Smith say, on the 19th of Nov., that there were only four coats lost; I was at his house the whole of the next day; he said there were but three, and he had bills printed about three, and then he said there were four.





JOHN SMITH

re-examined. He was at my house—I said that there were five coats lost, but we found one afterwards.

JURY. Q. Did you suspect him on the day afterwards? A. Yes—I saw him at Southampton, and he told me that he stole the coats, and stole the bottle and the caps.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(The prisoner was charged with having been before convicted of felony, on which no evidence was given. There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
