





468. 




PETER GANN,



 JAMES DALTON
, and 



JOHN SCALP
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
18th of December, 22 gallons of brandy, value 34l.; and 1 cask, value 10s., the goods of the 

London Dock Company.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN CASPAR GEILS
. I am a master carman. I was in the London Docks on the 28th of November, about two o'clock, near the brandy quay in the south warehouse—I saw Gann rolling a twenty-four or twenty-five gallon cask, and Dalton walking alongside of him—I had known Dalton from a boy—he has worked for different carmen in the docks.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Has not Dalton borne a good character? A. I never heard to the contrary.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. About how far were they rolling the cask from where it ought to have been? A. It ought to have been on the other side of the bridge, about fifty yards from there.





LEO BLINKHORN
. I am a carman. I was in the London Docks on the 18th of December, between twelve and one o'clock, loading hemp from the warehouses on the south side, which run on to the Wapping-basin—I saw Gann and Dalton rolling a quarter cask which I supposed to be brandy, from towards the brandy quay to the western entrance—they rolled it in between two casks of tallow, then rolled a barrel before if, and threw a handful of straw on the top of it—Dalton then went towards the western entrance—Gann remained near where the brandy was—(it would take a man about ten minutes to go from where the brandy was to the western entrance)—Dalton returned in a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes, and at the same time one of Mr. Eyres' wagons which was

loaded, came in, and Scalp was driving it—Dalton was a few yards behind the wagon—they passed by where I was, and where the brandy was, and went on towards the Wapping-basin—Dalton still kept behind the wagon till it had backed to where it was going—Gann remained where the cask was till after the wagon had backed in to unload, and then he went towards the tail of the wagon—he went in the same direction that the other bad gone—I saw the unloading of the fore-part of the wagon—I could not see the whole of it from where I was—Dalton then put a handful of straw into the wagon—I did not see Gann or Scalp at that time—the wagon had a tail-board that would let down—it is usual to load and unload the wagons at the tail—I did not see Scalp again till he drew the wagon round, when it was unloaded, which was in about twenty minutes—he drew his horse round to come out, and came towards the western entrance—he stopped nearly opposite to where the cask was lying—he then left his wagon and went towards the eastern entrance and the spirit-quay—he was gone about half an hour, and while he was gone, Gann and Dalton lifted the cask of brandy into the wagon—Dalton got into the wagon, rolled the cask to the fore-part of the wagon, and covered the straw over it—Gann then wanted to borrow my tilt, which I refused to lend him—he and Dalton then looked round about them, and then went away in the same direction that Scalp had gone—in five or ten minutes I saw Scalp come up—he got in at the tail of the wagon, and placed his hands on the straw on the fore-part of the wagon—I cannot say that his hands went to the bottom—he then got out and drove on in the direction of the western entrance, the same way that he came in—as soon as the wagon started, I saw my employer, and told him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I dare say yon thought that Scalp must have felt the cask? A. I cannot say—I did not take that particular notice to see whether he tried to feel it—he put his hands on the straw on the top of the cask—I should say I almost thought he knew the cask was there from what I have heard since.

Q. Have you ever said to any one whether you thought Scalp guilty or innocent? A. I should think he was innocent—I have said so—I was at the Thames Police when they brought Scalp up on a charge of smuggling this—I saw Mr. Eyres, his master, on the day he was bailed—(the wagon and horse had been seized for smuggling)—I was coming in the evening by where Mr. Eyres was, in Thames-street—I knew him before—I do not believe I said to him, "You have got a van and horse seized," but I will not swear I did not—I cannot recollect whether he said, yes, he had—I might have said, "I suppose you want to get it back again as soon as you can"—I do not recollect it—I said to him, "I can tell you who put the brandy into your van"—he said, "Can you? I shall be very much obliged to you"—I said, "You know them both"—he said, "Do I, who is it?"—I said, "One is Peter Gann, who was in your employ, and the other is Barber, which is a nick-name for Dalton"—Mr. Eyres then said, "Has my man Scalp any thing to do with it?"

Q. And did you not say, "I am sure he has not, and Scalp is an innocent man?" A. I did not say so, I swear positively—I know Edward Williams by sight—he was taking refreshment in a public-house on the day I had the conversation with Mr. Eyres—I did not tell Edward Williams that Scalp was innocent—I did not say to him, "Scalp knows no more of it than you do"—I said I thought as the cask was put in while he was

away, that he was not aware that he was going to bring the cask out, or else he would have been better prepared for so doing—I did not tell him he was innocent—I did not tell Mr. Eyres he was an innocent man—I told him I did not think he was exactly innocent, as he was away when the cask was put in, but he got into the van after it was in—I did not say that Scalp was an innocent man to any body—I was at the Red Lion with Edward Williams—he asked me whether Scalp really had any thing to do with it, and I told him Scalp was not there when the cask was put in, but he got in afterwards—I did not say, "He is as innocent as you are"—the place where I saw the two men roll the brandy between the two casks of tallow, may be half a quarter of a mile from the spirit-quay.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long have you been in the service of Mr. Ceils? A. I have been with him twice, the last time about two months—I never was a pot-boy—I never lived at the Red Lion—it was Dalton put some straw in the van, which he got from behind some empty casks in the Dock—this cask could be got in the van without tackle—I have helped to lift such casks out—they weigh from 2cwt. to 2 1/4 cwt.





DANIEL RUDKINS
. I am a police-constable, stationed in the London Docks. On the 18th of December, about half-past three o'clock, in consequence of information, I went to the back of No. 2 warehouse, on the north side of the London Docks—I saw Mr. Eyres' van there, standing still, and no one with it—I got on the wheel, lifted up some straw, and saw under it a quarter cask of brandy—I left the straw on the cask, and concealed myself in a place about ten yards off, to watch—in about ten minutes Scalp came up—he got up in the van, went forwards, and appeared to be looking under the straw—he got out again, and went between the warehouse and the shed, where I could not see him—in about a minute he returned, and got into the van with a person of the name of Dudficld, and rolled the cask from the fore part of the van to the hind part, and they were in the act of striking it, that is, lifting it out—I stepped up to Scalp, and asked what he was going to do with the cask of brandy—he said, "I am going to leave it here, sir"—I said, "You can't leave it here; where did you get it?"—he said, "I came with a load of case wines to be shipped on board a ship in the basin, and I came from there here to load three pipes of wine at No. 3 warehouse, and I found this in the van; I don't know how it came there"—I took him into custody, and to the Queen's warehouse—this is the quarter cask of brandy, it is No. 36.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Where did you conceal yourself? A. In a place used for soldering cases—it is open in the hours of work in the day time—I put the door to—I went to Mr. Robinson, the Custom-house officer, and they carried the brandy to the Queen's ware-house—I have been a constable in the Docks upwards of twenty years.





JOHN MONTEITH
. I am a gate-keeper of the London Docks. On the 18th of December I was on duty at the west gate—I received information, and saw Mr. Eyres' van, and the brandy—it was stopped just inside the inner gate—Scalp was the driver—he came about half-way out—I did not see him bring the van up—he drove it down the North quay, and stopped at No. 2—I followed it to where it stopped, and Scalp went

in front of the warehouses—while he was away I looked into the van, and saw a cask covered with straw—to the best of my belief this is the cask.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you know what is kept in No. 2 warehouse? A. I do not.





JOHN BRILBY
. I am foreman on the Brandy quay at the London Docks. I missed the cask produced on the 19th of December—according to the practice of the Docks, the property there cannot be got out without going through several forms.





JAMES FOGG
. I am a Thames-police inspector. On the 19th of December, at ten o'clock at night, I went with Scalp to the George public-house, in St. George's-in-the-East, and found Dalton and Gann—I said I wanted them—they came out, and said, "What is it for, master?"—I said, "For stealing a quarter cask of brandy out of the London Docks the day before"—they said they had not been in the London Decks all that day, but they had been in the Anchor and Hope public-house—I said I knew they had been in the Docks, for they had been seen with Scalp—they then said they had for a little while—I took them a little way—there was a signal from the public-house, and Gann ran away—I called, "Stop thief!"—Mr. Eyres ran after him, and he was taken.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you go to Mr. Eyres? A. Yes, from information—I saw Scalp there, who described the other two prisoners to me, and I knew where to find them—Mr. Eyres and Scalp went with me—Scalp had been bailed on a charge of smuggling, as I understood, but I was not there—he was not bailed on this charge—I sent him into the public-house where the other prisoners were, to get a pint of beer, and if they were in there, I told him to come out and tell me.





WILLIAM HUTLOCK
. I am delivery foreman at No. 3 warehouse in the London Docks—it is my duty to superintend the delivery of wine from that vault—I do not recollect that there was any application from Mr. Eyres for the delivery of any wine on the 18th of December—I do not know of three pipes of wine being applied for on that day—if there had, there would have been papers brought, authorizing a person to get them—there was no application made to me for three pipes of wine from Mr. Eyres' people the next day.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is there any book in which it is the duty of some person to keep an account of the wines applied for? A. Yes—that book is not here—I will not swear that there was no application made from Mr. Eyres for wines that day.

GANN—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

DALTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.




Transported for Seven Years.

SCALP—


NOT GUILTY
.

Sixth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
