



1073. 




JOHN TAMLYN JENKINS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
18th of February, 4 spoons, value 5l., the goods of 



Arthur French, Esq., his master.






ARTHUR FRENCH, ESQ
. I live in Great Cumberland-street—the prisoner was my butler from the 8th of February till the 12th of March. On that

morning, when I was in bed, I received information that that the butler had let a strange man into the house, and he would not go away—I got up and found the man there—I gave him and the prisoner in charge—in going over the plate that day I missed four spoons—they were afterwards found at the pawnbroker's—these now produced are them—they were manufactured in Dublin, and have my crest on them.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. The strange man was dismissed, and the prisoner remanded, in order that you might see if you missed any property? A. Yes, and these spoons were missed—they could not have been stolen that night—the Magistrate sent the prisoner to my house at my request, to go over the plate with me—the prisoner said there were four spoons missing, and they would be forthcoming by and by—the spoons were the first things on the list of plate—I have from 1200l. to 1500l. worth of plate—I believe my lady handed the duplicate of these spoons to the officer, but I was not there—I believe the prisoner was to have forty-five guineas a year, and he had board wages also, which I believe were paid in advance—there were a great many duplicates of the prisoner's found in a tin canister in my house—I believe one was for a coat, and one for a shirt of his.





JAMES HITCHCOCK
. I am assistant to Mr. Baylis, a pawnbroker; I produce these spoons, which were pawned by the prisoner on the 10th of February, in the name of John Jenkins.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he say he was a butler? A. He did.





JOHN LORDING
 (police-constable H 76.) I took the prisoner at Mr. French's house—I saw him let a man into the house, and took him on that account—he was locked up till the next day—he was then ordered to go back to search Mr. French's place.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you not find a vast number of duplicates? A. Yes, fifty-eight—one was for a coat, and one for a shirt—he appeared very contrite.
(William Hereford, a constable of the Mendicity Society; Owen Owen, a publican, of Grosvenor-street, Bond-street; Thomas Williams, a boot and shoemaker; and Richard Sodor, a boot-maker,; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 30.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury and Prosecutor.



Transported for Seven Years.
