



2069. 




JOHN WELCH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of June, 1 purse, value 1s.; 1 crown-piece; 2 half-crowns, 4 shillings, 1 sixpence, and 1 10l. Bank-note; the property of 



William Norris d'Arcy, from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM NORRIS D'ARCY
. I am an officer, and live in Houndsditch. On the 19th of June, about ten minutes to five o'clock, I was walking with a friend in Long-acre—I had a 10l. bank-note and 14s. 6d., in a purse, which I had seen safe three minutes before—I heard a noise behind me, looked round,

and saw the prisoner in the grasp of a policeman—I put my hand into my pocket, and missed my purse—I went up to them directly, and sung out I had lost my purse—the policeman produced it to me—I know it to be mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Was anything found in the purse? A. Yes, my 10l. note and money—I put my purse into my pocket, after paying for something in a public-house at the corner of a street—I am positive it did not slip out of my pocket—I buttoned my pocket, after putting it in—it was my coat-pocket behind—I put it in just as I left the public-house—I did not put my hand inside my pocket, after leaving the public-house, but I put it outside, and felt it safe—I had not gone 100 yards before the alarm was given.





CHARLES WALKER
. I was walking along St. Martin's-lane, and saw the prisoner in company with three others, and a female dressed in black, walking behind the prosecutor—I watched them fifty yards, and saw the prisoner come away from the prosecutor, putting his hand into his own pocket—I asked what he had there—he said he had nothing, I must have made a mistake in the person—I put my hand in his left-hand pcket, and took out the purse, which the prosecutor identified—the others ran away directly.

Cross-examined. Q. You found the money all safe? A. Yes—I was on the same side of the way, and about ten yards behind the prisoner.





WILLIAM N. D'ARCY

re-examined. This is my purse, and the money I lost.





EDWARD CURTIS
 (police-constable.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read)—I was present at his trial—he is the person—I have seen him five times since.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

