



1822. 




GEORGE WOOD
 was indicted

 for stealing in the dwelling-house of 




James Pooley, at 
St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, 1 bag, value 1d. 6 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns, 14 shillings, 90 sixpences, and 3 groats; his property.


MR. CARTEEN
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHANNA POOLEY
. I am the wife of James Pooley who keeps the Iron Arms public-house, Cambridge-heath, in the parish of Bethnal-green. On Monday afternoon, the 24th of Aug., about half-past one, the pwsoner and another man came into the bar—the prisoner asked for a pint of half-and-half, and gave me a sovereign in payment—I took a bag of money out of the till, which is a drawer—I had counted the money in that bag at ten o'clock—there was then 8l. 10s. in it—I afterwards changed a sovereign for a person besides the one I changed for the prisoner, and put both into the bag—I laid the bag on the counter while I took the change out, then put it into the till, which I shut, but did not lock it—the prisoner and his companion then went to a room opposite the parlour, and stopped there about half-an-hour, they then came out, and the prisoner called for a pint of half-and-half, which he paid for, then went outside the house, and sat on a bench in front of the house—I left the bar afterwards, and went out to feed the ducks—they were then sitting

on the seat—the prisoner walked into the house, round to the. bar opposite to the till—I heard him strike a lucifer-match—I then went into the house, and as I went round to the bar I heard the till gently shut—the prisoner was then at the bar counter, opposite the till, not inside the bar—I immediately run into the bar and spoke to the prisoner—he turned very pale—I rushed to the till, and found the bag and money gone—the prisoner directly walked out into the street—I rushed to the tap-room door and called my husband, and told him two men had robbed me—he went in pursuit—I went to the door and saw the prisoner and his companion running—I saw the prisoner throw a bag over the bridge, about 100 yards from the house.





JAMES POOLEY
. I am the husband of the last witness. On the 24th of Aug. she called me—I ran out and saw the prisoner and another man ruining away—I pursued, calling "Stop thief," and saw the prisoner throw a blue bag over the canal bridge—he was stopped by Tyson and Mayston—I came up and brought him back a few steps—he said, "Come, here is your money: if you are a father, you will let me go"—he put his hand in his pocket and produced the bag and money, which he gave me—it was the same bag as had been in the till—there was about 9l. 10s. in money, some loose, part in the bag and part out.





HENRY MAYSTON
. I am a coal-merchant, and live in Brunswick—street, Hackney-road—I was in the crescent at Cambridge—heath, and heard Mr. I Pooley cry, "Stop thief!"—I saw the prisoner running—I pursued, and Tyson stopped him—he had his fist up, ready to strike Tyson when I got up—I saw some money on the ground, on the spot where he was stopped—he gave some money to Mr. Pooley, and said, "Here is your money: if you I are a father, you will let me go."





RICHARD HAWKKS
 (police-constable.) I was at the watch—house, and I received the prisoner in charge, with the bag which I produce—some money I was found on him—Mr. Pooley gave me 8l.





CORNELIUS DENNOND
 (police-constable.) I searched the prisoner and I found a half-sovereign and 9s. 6d. on him—he said the witnesses had no I occasion to go to Worship-street, that he took the bag and money and I had returned it to the owner.

MRS. POOLEY. This is our hag.
(Samuel Butler, a watch and water-gilder, gave the prisoner a good I character




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.—

Transported for Seven Years


