




2073. 



WILLIAM DAVIS
 and 



THOMAS SMITH
alias
 Rankin

, were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Giller, about two in the night of the 
10th of June, at 
St. Andrew, Holborn, with intent to steal and stealing therein, 1 pair of boots, value 2s.; table-cloth, 5s.; 1 handkerchief, 1s.; 1 jug, 10s.; 1 egg-stand, 10s.; 1 cruet-stand, 4l.; 7 cruets, 1l.; 1 knife, 2s.; 1/2lb. weight of jelly, 2s.; 6 saucers, 3s.; 1 sixpence, and 1 groat, his property.






HENRY GILLER
. I live in Castle-street, St. Andrew's, Holborn. It is my dwelling-house—this pair of boots is mine—I was out of town on the night in question.





EMMA HESLOP
. I am servant to Mr. Giller, who is a traveller. On Sunday, the 9th of June, I went to bed at one o'clock in the morning—I shut up the house—every door and window was fastened—my mistress and Jones the other servant were also up—I got up at six o'clock—Jones was down before me—when I came down I saw three cruets on the piano, four under a chair, and three little boxes on the sideboard—the silver was gone, and the glass and bottoms of the cruet stand left—they had been wrapped in paper in the back parlour, and were removed from there—this spoon—(looking at it)—belongs to the cayenne cruet—it is broken.





CAROLINE JONES
. I am servant to Mr. Giller I went to bed at twelve o'clock—everything was shut up then—I came down at half-past five on Sunday morning, and found the street door open, and a pewter jug in the passage—I went into the parlour, opened the shutters, and found three glass cruets under the chair, and four under the piano—my master's boots were gone from the kitchen where I had seen them on Saturday evening—a pane was broken in the kitchen window which would enable a person to put their hand in and open it.





GEORGE RUSSELL
 (City police-constable No. 234.) I took the prisoners into custody on Sunday night—I found on Smith 6d., and a fourpenny-piece, and this pair of boots on bis feet—he said he bought them in Monmouth-street on Saturday morning—I found this silver part of the cayenne spoon in Davis' jacket; also this silver screw, which exactly corresponds with the bottom of the cruet frame—this pair of old shoes I found in the house.

Smith. I bought the boots in Monmouth-street on the Saturday morning.

MR. GILLER
re-examined. I can swear to them, having worn them repeatedly—one has been mended—they were the worst pair in the rack.

DAVIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.





Transported for Ten Years.

