



1729. 





JEREMIAH EDGHILL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of Jane, 5 half-crowns and 2 shillings, the monies of 




Philip Phillips, his master.






PHILIP PHILLIPS
. I am a dealer in game, and live in Sun-street, Bishopsgate; the prisoner was in my service as a game-washer, and worked on the premises at the back of the shop. In consequence of losing money from my till, on the night of the 7th of June I marked 2l. 19s. 4d. worth of silver, placed it in the till, and locked it—the prisoner came to work a little before seven o'clock next morning—between eight and nine I went to the till—it was still locked—I opened it, counted the money, and five half-crowns and two shillings were gone—I called in Horsnell, who was waiting outside, sent for all my men, and had them searched—they all agreed to be searched—nothing was found on the two first—the prisoner was then searched, and in his pockets were found the identical five half-crowns and two shillings which I had marked the night before, and 1l. 6s. besides—I told the prisoner that I little suspected it was him, but it appeared he was found out at last—he made me no answer—he was taken into custody—I suspect he opened the tif with a false key, as there was no appearance of force—I have lost between 30l and 40l. out of the till—and if it had not been for the constable, I might have lost 100l or 200l.—I received information from him that I was being robbed.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRT. Q. I believe the five half-crowns and two shillings is all the money you claim? A. Yes—the other money found on the prisoner was not marked—it might be mine—indeed I have not the last doubt of it, as I lost money before—the officer found some duplicates, I do not claim them—I have missed money for the last five or six weeks—the prisoner has been twelve months in my employ, and had been in my service previously—I had no occasion to suspect him till lately.





WILLIAM HORSNRLL
 (police-constable G 172.) In consequence of information I received, I called on the prosecutor, who, at my recommendation, marked some silver, and put it into the till—I waited outside the shop next morning till I was called in—I searched the prisoner, and found in his right trowsers'-pocket five half-crowns and two shillings marked, and in his other pocket one sovereign and 6s. 9d.—he said, "All the money is mine"—he took me to his lodging, and in his presence I found some duplicates, and these two papers, by which it appears he had been paying off for some clothes, 10s. each time, on the 26th and 30th of May—I also found a quantity of horse-hair, which he could give no account of—one of the duplicates is for a coat belonging to a mate of his—the others are for women's things—he is living with a prostitute.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.




Transported for Seven Years.


Third Jury, before Edward Bullock, Esq.

