






956. 




GEORGE TURNER,


 FELICIA TURNER
, and 




JOSEPH

MOTT, were indicted for 

stealing, on the 
27th of January, 2 coats, value 1l. 8s.; 2 pairs of trowsers, value 16s.; 3 pelisses, value 16s.; 12 yards of mouslin de laine, value 13s.; 9 yards of printed cambric, value 5s.; 2 yards of ribbon, value 2s.; 2 belts, value 8d.; 1 bag, value 9d.; 3 yards of lace, value 5s.; 8 yards of printed cotton, value 5s.; 1 frock, value 3s.; 1 bedgown, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pinafore, value 1s. 6d.; 1 frock body, value 2s.; 6 habit shirts, value 3s.; 6 collars, value 10s.; and 2 cap crowns, value 18d.; the goods of 




John Hill.—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the property of the 

Sheriff of Middlesex
.

MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN BISS
. I am clerk to Mr. Price, an auctioneer, in Chancery-lane. I know George and Felicia Turner—I have reason to believe they are man and wife—I have known them living together as such.





JOHN HILL
. I kept a ready-made baby-linen warehouse in Commercial-place, City-road, up to the 24th of January—at that time I had a considerable stock of property on my premises—I had an execution levied on my goods—Mott, and a witness who is here, came into possession, and George Turner was Price's man, and was employed as broker's porter—I left the house on Wednesday evening, the 26th of January—on the following morning, I went there about twelve o'clock—while there, Felicia Turner knocked at the door, it was opened by George Turner, and she was admitted—she said she wanted to look at the goods which were for sale—they were to be sold by auction on the succeeding day—in consequence of suspicion, I desired Mott to keep a sharp eye upon her, as I thought she might take something—he nodded assent—I left, and the same evening I returned again about six, and when I entered the shop, she was sitting by the fire with Mott—George Turner was behind the counter—I had no idea that they were acquainted till that evening—it excited my suspicion—I went to the station in Featherstone-street, and obtained the assistance of Brannan—I staid at the corner of Featherstone-street—Brannan went to the door of the house, and looked through the shatters—after watching a short time, Felicia Turner came out about half-past six—she was taken into custody at the corner of Featherstone-street—she had two parcels under her cloak—the officer took possession of one of the bundles, and we went to the station—I saw some of the goods in the bundles—I have no doubt they were some of the goods left on my premises when the execution was levied—she was searched by the female searcher, and she produced to me other articles—I know there were three cards of lace, a piece of cambric, and other things—there is about 4l. or 5l. worth—I afterwards accompanied the officer and George Turner to his lodging—I there saw some of my goods, and some bad my marks on them.

Cross-examined by
MR. LUCAS. Q. How do you know this handkerchief to be yours? A. From its being the pattern we used—there are many hundreds of the same pattern—I have no doubt of this being mine—I had property exactly resembling all that is here.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-sergeant G 20.) I was called by Hill to assist in watching his premises—I accompanied him to the house in Commercial-place, City-road—I waited there from seven to ten minutes, when I saw Felicia Turner come out with a large bulk under her cloak—I secured her at the corner of Featherstone-street—I told her I was a sergeant

of police, and asked her what she had got—she said, "Nothing"—I pulled her cloak aside, and saw two bundles—I took one, and another officer took the other—she dropped a card of lace, and stamped on it—I took her to the station, and the property was identified—I went back to the house, and knocked at the door—it was opened by Mott—I said I was a sergeant of police, and he must consider himself in custody for being concerned with Turner and his wife in taking the articles on the premises—he said he be. longed to the Sheriff, he was there keeping possession, and I should not be there—he seized me by the collar, and endeavoured to put me out—further assistance came, and I secured him—he said, "You have robbed me of my pocket-book"—I had not touched it—he then put hand to his pocket behind, and took out what I believe was this piece of red game I handkerchiefs, and threw it behind the counter—Hayward, who had come to my assistance, went to pick the property up, and Mott put out the gaslight—I immediately procured a light—Hayward and I picked up this habit-shirt, cap, handkerchief, and other things, behind the counter—I afterwards went with Turner to his lodging, and found other property.





EVAN DAVIES
 (police-constable G 43.) I took George Turner on the 27th of January—he was about a dozen yards from the prosecutor's home in Commercial-place—I found on him several things, which Mr. Hill identified—I asked if he did not see a female come out of the premises just before—he said, "I did some time ago"—I cautioned him not to say any thing unless he liked—I said, "Who let her out?"—he said, "It was me"—it was then a little after seven o'clock.





JAMES HAYWARD
 (police-constable G 212.) I went to the prosecutor's house and saw Mott conducting himself very violently—Brannan had spoken to him before I went in, and he challenged Brannan with robbing him of his pocket-book—Mott then went behind the counter, stooped down, and said, "No, you have not"—he took something from his pocket and threw it behind the counter—it turned out to be something red at one end, and paper at the other—I got across the counter, and Mott turned the gas out and blew out the candle—a light was got—Brannan came on the other side of the counter, and we picked up these things behind the counter.

Cross-examined. Q. Mott behaved violently? A. Yes, he carried himself very high—he did not say he was answerable for every article there, and if any thing was lost he should have to make it good—he said he was the Sheriffs officer, and that we being policemen had no business there.





HARRIET HAYWARD
. I am the female searcher at the station. I searched Felicia Turner, and found on her some articles which are here produced—she said before I searched her, "I have got a few articles about me, I hope you will take no notice of it."





JOHN HILL

re-examined. These articles are mine, and amongst them is this little frock front, which has my mark on it.





WILLIAM THOMPSON
. I am an officer to the Sheriff of Middlesex. I produce the warrant on which this levy was made—the whole amount is 83l. 0s. 4d.—Mott was employed under me, and George Turner was servant to the auctioneer—it was the duty of Mott to remain on the Premises for me, and the duty of George Turner was to remain to lot the for sale.


COURT. Q. What was the value of the stock? A. About 50l.—any thing it had fetched above 83l. would have been the property of Mr. Hill after paying the rent.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you known Mott some time? A. Yes, I never knew any thing against him.
(Charles Robert Eyres, an architect; and John Stebbing, a tailor; gave G. Turer a good character: Charles Dean, a shoemaker;—Reynolds, a shoemaker; Charles Brown, a chinaman; Thomas Vincent, and William Lyne, gave Mott a good character.)

GEORGE TURNER—


GUILTY
. Aged 37. 



Transported for Seven 
MOTT—


GUILTY
. Aged 28. years.

FELICIA TURNER—


NOT GUILTY
.
(There were three other indictments against the prisoners G. Turner land Mott.)
