



2882. 




THOMAS BUCKINGHAM
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of September, 2 bushels of oats, value 5s., and 7 bushels of chaff, value 3s.; the goods of 



John Tilbury; and that he had been before con—victed of felony.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH HIGGS
 (police-sergeant S 30.) At half-past three o'clock in the morning of the 21st of September, I saw the prisoner coming in a direction from Harrow-weal—I saw him at Sparrow's Hearn with a cart—I followed, and saw rather better than two bushels of oats, and seven bushels

of chaff in the cart—I asked what he had got—he said, "A feed of corn and chaff"—I got up, and asked where he got these oats from—he said, "From a corn-chandler, named Dolling, at Sparrow's Hearn"—I asked where he got the chaff—he said he had it cut by a man named Edwards, and got it from his own stable—I took the whole of the corn and chaff—I went to the prisoner's stable with him—I examined it—the chaff which was in the stable was cut with straw, and the other was not—the corn in the stable was sifted, that he had was not—he said he was going to London for coals, and got about four miles on the road, when he found he had forgotten his sacks—I took a sample of the corn and chaff in the cart to Mr. Tilbury's stable, and they corresponded exactly with what was in the stable—the prisoner had been in Mr. Tilbury's service—we tracked the cart to and from Mr. Tilbury's, and back to the same places where I took it, which was quite a different way to the London-road—there had been a shown of rain the night before, and no cart but his had been there.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDEROAST. Q. Have you given the same account always? A. Yes—I said in my deposition that the prisoner said he got the chaff from his own stable—this is my signature—(looking at his de✗ position)—I do not see it here—I am sure I said it—the prisoner is a coal carter, and sometimes draws hay—he is not a corn chandler—he has dealt with various persons in the neighbourhood—Lock and Snowden were with me—he never denied in my presence that he had told me he employed Edwards,'or that he had bought the corn of Dolling—he went with me to the corn chandler's, and said, "Dolling, I bought these oats of you last week"—the man said, "No, you have not bought any oats since June"—I told Lock to take notice that the prisoner said he bought the corn of Dolling—the prisoner did not deny he had said so—Dolling said he had bought oats of him last June—I know that by the books—I traced the pri✗ soner's cart to within a quarter of a mile of Mr. Tilbury's place, in a road which leads from the stable to where we saw the cart, and we traced two men's footsteps there.





THOMAS LOCK
. I was with Higgs about five minutes past one—I saw the prisoner with his horse and cart very near Sparrow Hearn—I saw him about half-past three o'clock returning again—we then spoke to him—he said he purchased the oats from Dolling—there is a road from there to London, and another to Mr. Tilbury's—he was in the middle of the road.

Cross-examined. Q. Would it take him to London if he kept the straight road? A. Yes, but there was a turning which would take him to narrow Weal, and Pinner—he was coming from Bushey between his own house and London.





ROBERT BRIDGE
. I am a brick-maker. About three o'clock on the morning of the 6th of October I saw the prisoner going towards Busbey Heath, in a direction from Mr. Tilbury's—I spoke to him.

Cross-examined. Q. What is the road to Mr. Tilbury's? A. The road
to go to Pinner—it was about a mile and a half from Tilbury's—there is a road below where I saw him, that he might have come along from London.





JOHN EDWARDS
. I am a labourer—I have cut chaff for the prisoner—I never cut this which was taken from the cart—it is not sifted and has no straw in it—I have seen some taken from the prisoner's stable which looks more like what I cut than the other, I always sift it.


Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you would not swear positively whether it was or was not the chaff you cut? A. No, neither one way or the other—I did not cut this which was in the cart—I am sure of it—the chaff-cutters are very often out of order.

COURT. Q. Has the first got straw with it? A. No, only hay—the second has got some straw—what I cut was with one knife.





WILLIAM OSBORNE
. I have been cutting chaff lately for Mr. Tilbury—I often cut chaff for him—this, which was in the cart, is the same sort as I cut for Mr. Tilbury—it is cut with three knives, which were all out of order and wanted grinding—this chaff appears cut with knives that wen out of order—there is no straw among it—it is not sifted.

Cross-examined. Q. Is it not a most usual thing for these knives to get out of order? A. Yes—I only cut for Mr. Tilbury—I swear this is what I cut.

COURT. Q. I suppose you know the chaff you cut as well as a gentleman does his hand writing? A. Yes,—I should think so—I can at all times tell the chaff I cut.





JOHN EDWARDS BOVILLE
. I am clerk to Messrs. Boville, corn-facton in Milford-lane, Strand—I have supplied Mr. Tilbury with corn—I sent him some a short time before the prisoner was taken—I have a sample of it—I have compared it with the corn taken from the cart—they are of the same kind—there are oats of two different countries mixed together—I believe these oats to be the same—here is a sample which camefron the bin at Mr. Tilbury's—I believe them to be the same.

Cross-examined. Q. What country are they? A. Danish and Russian oats—they are foreign grown oats—these kinds of oats could not be grown in England—we had them out of a ship from Denmark—I know them by the look of the oats—the other oats were Russian oats—with them we mixed these oats together and sold them—I do not believe anybody in the trade ever did so, because they do not make saleable oats, nor a good-looking sample, but they make a good mixture—they do not sell so well as they do otherwise.





WILLIAM DOLLING
. I am a corn-dealer—I have not sold oats to the prisoner since June—I never sold him these, nor had any oats of this description mixed.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you the only person in your shop? A. Me and my wife—the prisoner said, "You know I bought these oats of you?"—I said, "No"—I had not a boy at that time—I never knew the pri✗ soner until this circumstance.





GEORGE EDWARD TILBURY
. I live with my father, John Tilbury—we keep a number of hunters in our part of the country—I believe these oats to be my father's—he had oats and chaff of this description on the 21st of September—we have missed a quantity.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you miss them? A. On the Wednesday morning—I never said this before—I was never asked—I was before the Magistrate—I did not miss them, but one of our servants did—the prisoner has left us more than a year—we have employed him on and off fifteen years.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you look at the bin? A. No—a peck and a half is the usual quantity the servants take for their horses.





THOMAS COX
. I am servant to Mr. Tilbury. On the night before we 21st of September I had seen the bin where the oats were—it was full—

I saw bout a quarter before five o'clock the next day there was about three bushels gone and half a bushel left.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you the last person that saw it the night before? A. Yes, there were the carter's three horses in the shed—next morning the horses were gone to London—they would be fed out of that bin—they took a bag of food with them to London—I did not see them go.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Would the quantity taken for the horses and that from the cart, about make up what was deficient in the bin? A. Yes, I should think so.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You did not see the horses go? A. No—I ought to have had the corn to feed my horses the next morning, which they took away.





THOMAS HIGGS
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Straight's office in the Middle Temple—(read.)





JOHN TOMLINS
. I am a constable. In 1830 I took the prisoner on this charge—I was present at his trial at Hertford—he is the same person.




GUILTY
. Aged 55.—


Transported for Seven Years.
