



140. 




EDWARD SNELLING
 was again indicted

for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



George Augustus Elliott, on the 
13th of Nov., at 
St. Anne, Limehouse, and stealing therein 2 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns, 2 half-crowns, 3 shillings, and 3 sixpenses, his monies.






CAROLINE FINNEY ELLIOTT
. I am the wife of George Augustus Elliott—we live in Gill-street, St. Anne, Limehouse—it is my husband's dwelling-house. On Sunday, the 13th of Nov., I took a bag out of a drawer in my bed-room, which contained five seaman's notes and a piece of ribbon—I put the tobacco-box, the gold stated, and some half-crowns, shillings, and sixpences, into the bag, fastened it with a needle and thread, and put it into the drawer—I padlocked the room door, and went to chapel with my husband at a little after eleven o'clock—I did not miss anything when I returned—at half-past five I went out again with my husband—he wished me to return, as it rained, which I did—I went in, and saw the prisoner, who lodged in our house, with a white coat on which I had never seen him in before—he wore a jacket before—soon after my husband returned home, and I went to my drawer to get a shawl—my drawer was then safe—we went to chapel, and returned at half-past eight—there was a good fire in the room—the padlock was on the door, but it was different to what it was before, as if somebody had been in—my husband went to the drawer—the sovereign produced is one of those that was in the bag—I identify it by a mark across the neck, and this half-sovereign also—I have kept them as weights—this is the piece of ribbon which had been in my bag on that Sunday—I found it in the cupboard in the prisoner's room on Tuesday, the 15th—this bag and the seaman's notes were left in my drawer.

Prisoner. Q. Do you swear to this piece of ribbon found in my cupboard? A. Yes, and I saw it in my place on Sunday morning, a few minutes past eleven o'clock—I emptied it out of the bag, and put it in again with the silver and the tobacco-box—it was the ribbon of my little girl's bonnet, who

is dead—she sewed this button on it, and I have kept it—I have a little boy' and he may, like other children, have brought things out of my place, but he has not brought anything out of my drawers—I missed a little work-box out of my parlour, but not out of my drawers—I have not found that my little boy took it out.





GEORGE AUGUSTUS ELLIOTT
. I padlocked the door that evening, and when I came home it had been shifted, so that I could not get the hasp off—it was as if it had been drawn—I went to my wife's drawer, and missed the money—I then went for the policeman, and we went and searched the prisoner's room—he came home about half-past one o'clock, very drank—the policeman collared him—he threw himself open, and said, "I have got nothing, you may search me"—the officer found on him a penny-piece—I ordered him to be taken, and two sovereigns and two half-sovereigns were found on him—I found in the prisoner's cupboard a knife broken—I said, "This knife has opened my drawer"—I fitted it with the marks on the drawer, and it corresponded exactly.





JOHN TIMPSON
 (police-constable K 25.) I compared this knife with the mark on the drawer—it fitted it exactly—the hasp of the door had been on-screwed, and some one had gained their entrance that way.

Prisoner. Q. Do not you suppose if you had gone into any other room you might have found a knife that would have fitted? A. I dare say I might—I think this is strong enough to make an impression between two hard pieces of wood.





GEORGE NIPPARD
 (police-constable K 292.) I found on the prisoner one penny and two halfpence—he said he had no more—I took him to the station and found two sovereigns and two half-sovereigns between the lining of his waistcoat, 9s. 6d. in his side coat-pocket, and five penny-pieces—this marked sovereign and half-sovereign were found in his waistcoat lining.

Prisoner's Defence. The money was my own, that I had saved up from time to time. I am in the habit of earning a great deal of money, and I have sometimes gone short of food to save a few shillings. There are many marked sovereigns; they are usually marked with a scratch across the side; I did not know this was marked. I left at half-past four o'clock, and was not in again till half-past one. There were several persons in the house, and neither of them are come to say that I was in the house. I do not know whether my witnesses have been bribed, or whether Ellen Goggin is here to prove I was in Mr. Newman's house, drinking half-and-half; she said it was twenty-five minutes past five when I was there. I sent to her since, and she would not say what the time was; she did not know the time after the policeman had been to her; there were two more rooms occupied in the house, and I think the people were in their rooms.

MRS. ELLIOTT
re-examined. His wife was in distress, and his children—he used to come home very drunk in the evening—I have taken one child, and partly fed it for the last fortnight—his wife used to keep her door shut, but I observed poverty—I had other lodgers in the house—they are not seamen. 


GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Ten Years.

