




517. 




ANGUS GILLIES
 was indicted

 for stealing 15 10l. bank notes, and 3 5l. bank notes, the property of 



Mary Lewis.


MR. O'BRAIN
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY LEWIS
 I was cook and housekeeper to Dr. Dowler, and the prisoner lived there in attendance on an insane gentleman—I afterwards met him, in Oct. last—I saw him frequently after that, and an arrange-ment was made that we should be married on the 30th of Nov.—on the 20th of Nov., I sold out 170l. stock, which I received in gold and notes—in the morning of the 26th of Nov. the prisoner called on me—we were going that day to pay that money to take a coffee-shop—I had got my cloak and bonnet on, and was going to the door when he said to me, "You had better hand over that money to me, as I have had the paying of the other money, and I will pay it"—(he had paid in 5l. before)—I considered a few minutes, and I said, "Well, Mr. Gillies, as you had the paying of the other, I suppose you will have the paying of this;" and with that I drew the money from my pocket, and handed it to him, 165l.—we walked together to the coffee-shop on Ludgate-hill—we did not stop anywhere—when we got there we looked over two or three things, and we were then called into a room amongst a number of gentlemen to settle it—one of the gentlemen said, the money was then to be paid—the prisoner then jumped up and said, "I have lost my book"—I said, "That is impossible"—he said, "Then I have dropped it from my pocket in your room; give me your key to go back and look for it"—I gave it him—he went out, and returned in half an hour, or an hour, and said it was not there—I said it was impossible it could be lost—he said I was to go and get the numbers, and stop the notes at the Bank—he continued to visit me up to the 29th—he all the while proposed marriage to me, and wished me to ask the price of my lodging, and said it was too dear—I saw him on the evening of the 29th—he did not say anything particular to me then—I did not see him any more till he was in custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE
Q. How long did he live fellow-servant with you in charge of a lunatic? A., About two years—I do not know what salary he had—he lived in the house—we had not much courtship there—our meeting afterwards was accidental in Burlington Arcade—I saw him again the next day, which was by his wishing it particularly—some time alter we settled the marriage, and the banns were put up—to the best of my knowledge it was on the 20th of Nov. I obtained the bank-notes—we were together every day after that, till the day the coffee-shop was to be taken—I had not handed him over this money before that day to take care of—when I received it I asked if he would count it—I saw it counted—he then kept it in his waistcoat pocket till we went into some inn, and went into the parlour—I did not like to have it in the street—it was afterwards counted over in my room, at my table—no one was present but the prisoner and I—I think the purchase of the coffee-shop was to be 250l.;, but the landlord took off 20—I gave 165l., and the prisoner was to make up the remainder—it was understood that he was to take the house and me likewise—he had some money on him when he was taken—when I received the money, he had it in his pocket, all the way from the Bank to Bayswater, because he said he could not trust me with it home; but he gave it me when we got home.





JOHN FOSTER
. I am a clerk to Glyn and Co., bankers. I paid the

prosecutrix a cheque on the 20th of Nov.—the notes produced by the officer are part of what I paid her that day.





JANET GILLIES
 (through an interpreter.) I live in Inverness-shire in Scotland. I saw the prisoner there a few days after Christmas—he told me to go to his coat pocket, and take some money out, and take care of it—I did so, and gave the money to Mr. M'Donald.

Cross-examined. Q. Is the prisoner your cousin? A. Yes—he told me he was going to start to London—all the money I got was in his coat pocket.





ANGUS M'DONALD, ESQ
. I am a Magistrate of Inverness-shire. I received a bundle of bank-notes and money from Janet Gillies—I sealed them up, and gave them to Wyness—these are them.





ANDREW WYNESS
 (police-constable D 43) I produce two 5l. notes, six 10l. notes, and forty soverings, which I received of Mr. M'Donald—I found in the prisoner's pocket twenty-eight sovereings and a half, and 12s. 6d. in silver—I took the prisoner on the 29th of Dec., in Invernessshire, in Scotland, between 600 and 700 miles form here.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you not nid on him a cheque for 63l.? A. Yes, but it is good for nithing her—I found a number of latters on him.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for seven years.

