



353. 




JAMES HORNE
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Cox, about the hour of two in the night of the 
27th of Dec, at 
St. Mary, Islington, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 2 cups, value 8l.; 1 goblet, 4l.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, 14s.; 3 spoons, 9s.; 2 pepper-castor tops, 4s.; 1 snuff-box, 10s.; 1 cruet-stand, 10s.; 2 candlesticks, 4s.; 1 pair of snuffers, 2s.; 1 salt-cellar, 6d.; 1 towel, 6d.; and 1 handkerchief, 5s.; the goods of the said 



John Cox.






MARY COX
. I am the wife of John Cox—we live at No. 9, Gibson-square, in the parish of St. Mary, Islington—it is our dwelling-house.

On Friday, the 27th of Dec., I went to bed about half-past eleven o'clock—my husband left the parlour at the same time that I did—there was no one up in the house then—the back parlour window was fastened—I had shot the shutters of it myself, and fastened them with a bar—this silver goblet, and cups, and other things, were in the front parlour—the front parlour window was shut, and all the windows and doors in the house were shut—the servant got up at seven the next morning, and she came and called me—I missed the property stated—these are the articles (examining them)—they are my husband's.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you mean to swear that you distinctly recollect fastening the shutters that night? A. I was in the parlour, and have a distinct recollection of closing the shutters—I know all these articles—this handkerchief I darned myself, which enables me to swear positively to it—this chased goblet we have had many years—we lost articles just like these—all we lost are found—the shutters of the back window had been forced from the side—the nails were forced out from the hinges—the shutters were there, but they were open—I shut the shutters about five in the evening—we were sitting in the front parlour, but the folding-doors were open—I did not examine the back window after I shut it at five.

COURT. Q. Did you leave the room after shutting the shutters? A. No; and no one could have gone out or come in without my seeing them.





MARY SKELETON
. I am servant to Mr. Cox. On the 28th of Dec. I came down a seven o'clock—the back parlour window was wide open, and the shutters were open.

Cross-examined. Q. How was it open? are these ordinary shutters that shut to? A. Yes, and a bar across—they had been broken at the side by the hinges.





JOHN MILES
 (police-constable N 110.) I stopped the prisoner about four o'clock in the morning on the 28th of Dec—he had a bundle containing this property.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he not tell you he found it? A. He first told me it was bread and meat, and when I found what it was, he told me he found it in the cattle layers—there are cattle layers near Mr. Cox's house—in the prisoner's pocket I found these spoons and the snuff box.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.

