




1551. 



NORAH SULLIVAN
 and 




JEREMIAH SULLIVAN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
12th of May, 1 purse, value 1s.; 3 sovereign, I halfsovereign, 1 half-crown, 5 shillings, and 1 5l. note; the property I of 



Oswald Nock, from his person.






OSWALD NOCK
. I am a gun-maker, and live in Regent-street. About half-past two o'clock in the morning of the 12th of May I was in Holbon—the female prisoner came running up to me, and asked me to give her something to drink—I said it was very late, I did not think she could get any thing at that hour, as all the public-houses were closed—she said, "No, we can get some there," pointing over to Gray's Inn-lane—I then crossed Holborn near to Gray's Inn-lane—she was by my side—as I was crossing I put my hand into my waistcoat pocket and missed my purse, which contained a 5l. note, three sovereigns and a half wrapped up in the note, and 7s. or 10s. in the other end—I did not detect the abstract-tion of it—I bad it safe five minutes before, because my coat was buttoned till the female prisoner came up to me, and had it been taken before that my coat must have been cut through—I had taken out my purse at the corner of Farringdon-street, to pay for a pint of ale, which was not more than five minutes before I missed it—I said nothing to the prisoner at the moment I missed it, I was so astounded to think it was gone so suddenly and so adroitly that I paused for a moment—she said, "Well, won't you go and give me a glass of something?"—I said, "Nonsense, you have taken my purse; give it me back"—she said, "I have not taken it; give me in-charge"—I said, "Very well"—I crossed the road with her, and gave her in charge to a policeman who was standing opposite—I was sober—I have never seen my purse since.

Norah Sullivan. Q. Did not I meet you at the corner of Fetter lane? and did not you ask me if I would have any thing to drink? A. No—I did not ask you where I could buy a cigar—I was smoking one at the time—my coat was unbuttoned when you were with me.





MARGARET SMITH
. I am the wife of John Smith, a porter, and live at No. 8, Holborn-buildings. On the morning of the 12th of May, I was in Holborn by Holborn Bars, standing there with coffee to sell—I keep a coffee table there of a night—about half-past two o'clock I saw the female prisoner and the prosecutor go past my coffee-table, and saw the male prisoner standing by Holborn-bars looking towards Gray's Inn-lane, as if he was looking for some one—I saw the female prisoner put her left hand behind her, and the male prisoner received whatever it was with his right—he then went across the road as quickly as he could, and put his hand

into his right-hand pocket—he had on a flannel jacket—he came back again in about a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes, and stood again in Holborn-bars for a short time smoking a pipe—I did not see in what direc-tion he went then—I lost sight of him in an instant—I have known him for five years—he has repeatedly had coffee of me—I cannot be mistaken in him.

Jeremiah Sullivan. Q. What marks do you know me by? A. By your having coffee of me—I do not know when you last had any—I refused letting you have any more, as the police spoke to me about it, because you brought such bad characters—you were standing only three or four steps from my stall, and you passed me—you stood well under the gas—I swear positively to you—I could pick you out of a hundred—I cannot say what it was you received from the female prisoner—it was in a small compass—I could not tell any policeman about it then—the gentleman gave your wife into custody, and then came by talking to the police-man—he said to me, "Did you see me go by with a woman?"—I said, "Yes, her husband is here at the bars," and when I looked round you were gone—I told the gentleman I knew who you were.





FRANCIS M'DONALD
 (City police-constable No. 239.) I took Norah Sullivan into custody—she was charged by the prosecutor with robbing him.

Norah Sullivan. I gave myself up to you, and said the gentleman accused me of stealing 8l. 10s. Witness. Yes, she came voluntarily—she was searched, but nothing was found on her, relating to this charge.

Jeremiah Sullivan to
OSWALD NOCK. Q. Did you see me along with the female? A. I did not see you at all—I was perfectly sober—I did not feel my money taken—I missed it in the act of crossing, but did not say any thing to her till I was on the pavement.





FREDERICK WHITE
 (City police-constable, No. 238.) On Wednesday morning, the day after this transaction, the prisoner Jeremiah came to Smithfield station with two plates of hot beef-steaks, and asked for Norah Sullivan—I asked whether his name was Jeremiah Sullivan—he denied it—a man standing alongside of him, said it was his name—I asked him to step inside the station, and told him I had information that he had received part of the property stolen by the female prisoner, which he denied—I said I should search him, and asked whether he had got any money about him—he made no answer, till I began to search him—he then said he had three sovereigns and some silver, which he had brought out to go to mar-ket with to get fish—I searched him and found three sovereigns, three half-crowns, 4s. and 2d. in halfpence—nothing was found on the female—I searched the male prisoner's lodging at the address he gave, and the people there said they had not seen him or the female for three week—I do not know whether they are married.

Norah Sullivan's Defence. We are married; if I had time I could send for my certificate—my husband and I have been parted for three months—I did not see him at all that night—I had no money and no home to go to.

Jeremiah Sullivan's Defence. It is not likely, if I was guilty, that I should go to the station—my father gave me the money—he deals in hare and rabbit skins, and so do I, and in fish and poultry at times—Mrs. Mahoney, my landlady, No. 5, Blue-court, Saffron-hill, who I have lodged with three months, can prove where I slept that night.






MARGARET M'CAHTHY
. am a market woman, and live in Fox-court. was going to Farringdon market about seven o'clock last Friday morning with another woman, and stopped at Mrs. Smith's stall to have a halfpennyworth of coffee—the woman with me said to her, "Have you got Norah Sullivan in Newgate?"she said, "Yes, and as far as an oath will go will transport her."





MARGARET SMITH

re-examined. never had such a conversation, nor ever saw that woman before.





HONORA FOLEY
. live in Wild-court. The female prisoner is my daughter—the male prisoner is her husband—I gave her up in marriage to him—they were married in Lincoln's-inn-fields more than three years ago, by a Roman Catholic clergyman—they are both Catholics, they have lived together as man and wife, but have very often fallen out, and she was often living with me.
(John Sullivan, the prisoner's father, was called, but was too intoxicated to be examined.)

N. SULLIVAN—


NOT GUILTY
.

J. SULLIVAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.
