




1056. 




THOMAS THOMAS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
8th of March, 2 10l., and 3 5l. Bank-notes; 1 promissory-note for 5l.; and 1 order for the payment of 13l. 8s. 6d.; the monies of 



Thomas Stow; from his person.






THOMAS STOW
. I live at Farnborough-hall, at Farnborough, in Kent. On the evening of the 8th of March, I was coming out of the old Com-Exchange, Mark-lane—the gateway was stopped by a number of persons coming in; I got close up to them, and was in the act of going out, a person came up to my side, and pushed very hard against me for half a minute—I did not observe who it was—he was on one side of me, over my shoulder—as soon as the space was cleared he got out—I kept my eye on him, felt immediately in my pocket, and missed my money, and followed him directly—this was the same person who pushed against me—there was no body going out but him and me that I saw—there must Lave been other persons close by—I followed the person, and called out "Stop thief"—I came up to him, seized him, and charged him with it—he was about the width of this Court from the place where I was pressed—when he found he could not get away, he turned his head over his shoulder, and called to somebody; he put his hand behind him, and I suspected he gave the property to that person—the prisoner was the person that came up—I let the person go, and seized the prisoner—he struggled, and got from me for a moment, and got into a place between the two markets—I did not lose sight of him—as he turned round I seized him—we went out of the street together, and he was taken—he was searched in my presence at the station—I had two 10l. Bank-notes, three 5l. Bank-notes, a Guildford note for 5l., and a check for 13l. 8s. 6d.—these are the notes—(looking at some.)

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had you got any memorandum of this property before you lost it? A. No—the person who took my money called out, some slang language, but I do not know what—it was said aloud—the prisoner offered to get a policeman—he called out "Police" as lustily as I did—no one else called out besides him and me that I know of—he did not impede me in going for the police—when he came out I seized him, before he called for the police—I afterwards charged him with the offence.





THOMAS RYE
. I am a millwright, living in Essex-street, Gravel-lane. About three o'clock this afternoon I was in Mark-lane—I saw Mr. Stow scuffling with a man, when I first saw him from the steps of the market-place—I came down into the road—as they were scuffling, I saw the man he was scuffling with throw a paper parcel from his hand, which came towards me—I picked it up, and handed it over to Robins—I did not see the man's face who the prosecutor was scuffling with—his back was towards me; but whoever he was scuffling with threw away the paper—he was taken into custody—he did not get away.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to say you saw this person taken into custody? A. The man that threw the money away was taken.





WALTER ROBINS
. I am a baker, and live in Lisson-grove. I was standing in the corn-market—there was a cry of "Police"—I observed Mr. Stow struggling with the prisoner—the prisoner appeared to try to get away from him, and took him by the collar, as if be would pull him down the steps, and break his neck—they got about two-thirds across the road, and the prisoner threw this roll of notes behind him, which was picked up by Rye, and given to me—I stepped up to the policeman, who had

just got hold of the prisoner—I said, "You secure him, I have got the money."





GEORGE CROUCH
 (City police-constable, No. 534.) I heard a cry of "Police"—I saw the prosecutor and the prisoner scuffling on the steps—they went round the stone pillar, and down into the road—the prisoner cried "Police," repeatedly—I went and took him—Mr. Stow said, "Hold him fast, he has got my money"—I produce the notes which I received from Robins.
(Charles Chatham, green-grocer, Frederick-street, Hampstead-road; and Charles Thornton, butcher, London-road, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Ten Years.
