






1694. 




JOHN COCHRANE
,




JOHN COCHRANE, JUN
., and 



GEORGE BAXTER
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
7th of April, 5 pairs of unmade trowsers, value 1l.; 10 pieces of wollen-cloth, containing 6 yards, value 1l.; and 10 yards of calico, value 4s.; the goods of 



John Hay, their master: and 




CATHERINE COCHRANE



 for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen: against the Statute, &c.






GEORGE WILLIAM FARLAM
. I am foreman to John Hay, an army contractor and tailor, in Staple-street, Long-lane, Bermondsey; the three male prisoners were in his employ. These six pairs of trowsers and four small pieces of cloth are my master's—I am sure of that—on Thursday the policeman came, and I gave the male prisoners into custody—John Cochrane, Jun. was only given into custody on suspicion—the elder Cochrane came in, and on undoing his trowsers he pulled out this piece of unmade trowsers from between the waistband of his trowsers and handed them to me.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you find any thing on young Cochrane? A. Nothing—the woman was not given into custody by me—I saw her in custody at the Police Court—I understand she is the wife of the elder Cochrane.





SUSAN BOVIS
. I live with my aunt, Mary Craddock, in Kent-street, Borough. On Saturday, the 2nd of April, all the four prisoners came to our house together—I saw the younger Cochrane take some blue cloth out of the waistband of his trowsers, as I was coming through the room—I saw the elder Cochrane at the same time take some cloth out of his trowsers—Catherine received it from both.

Cross-examined. Q. Her husband was there at the time? A. Yes—I cannot point out the blue cloth which the younger Cochrane took from his trowsers—as I was coming through there was some cloth on the form—he sat down on it, and was doing up his trowsers—I do not know what the name of the policeman is who spoke to me just now—perhaps I might hear his name—we have not been in conversation before to day—he is no acquaintance of mine—my aunt called him in and told him this—it was after I saw young Cochrane put the cloth from his trowsers—I have not been in communication with any of the police on this matter—I am not acquainted with any of them—they have not been in the habit of coming to my house—I do not know. Thomas Turvey—I do not know who

he is—I know 196 M—I have not kept company with him at all—he had not been in my aunt's house before the Thursday the prisoners were taken—I had never spoken to him before—I am quite sure I had no communication with him—I am seventeen years old—I do not know where Turvey lives—I do not know whether he is married—I cannot say whether young Cochrane was buttoning up his trowsers when I first saw him—I cannot swear to the piece of cloth—I could not see whether it was cut or marked in any particular way—it was folded up—I do not know who brought the police to the house—I told my uncle about it—I did not hear what the policeman said to me just now—he took hold of my frock—I do not know what he said—he gave me a little touch.





THOMAS TURVEY
 (police-constable M 196.) In consequence of information I went to Mr. Hay's premises with Bovis—she stopped in the street while I went in and saw Mr. Hay—the three male prisoners came in—I followed them when they went out, to the coffee-house, where Bovis lives—they had something bulky with them—I remained outside in the street—I did not stop them then as I had no assistance—soon after Catherine came out with a large bundle under her arm—I followed her into Mint-street—I know she had nothing when she went into the coffee-shop.

Cross-examined. Q. Who gave you the information that took you to Mr. Hay's house? A. Mrs. Craddock, the landlady of the coffee-shop, on Thursday, the 7th—Bovis was there—that was before I saw either of the prisoners there—I never had any acquaintance with Mrs. Craddock at all—I was never in the house before—I had seen Bovis many times in Mrs. Craddock's house—I do not know how long I have known Bovis—I have been on that beat two months, and I have seen her most days—I never spoke to her in my life—I did not know her name was Susan till the Friday—I do not know that I ever met her in the street—I may have met her, but I never took any notice of her—I mean to swear that—I spoke to her when she was in the witness box—I told her she was speaking of a former occasion, and told her to confine herself to the 7th—I am quite sure that was all I said—I did not take hold of her by the arm at all—I neither pulled or touched her—I am married.





THOMAS SWAIN
 (police-constable M 106.) I went into the cutting-room after Mr. Farlam—I saw the elder Cochrane take a pair of trowsers from his trowsers, and give them to the foreman, and he gave them to me.
(Patrick Kelly, tailor; Michael Cox, tailor, Petticoat-lane; Anthony Molloy, corn dealer, Upton-street, St. George's; gave the Cochrane's good characters) JOHN COCHRANE—



GUILTY
. Aged 62.—


Transported for Seven Years.

JOHN COCHRANE, JUN.—



GUILTY. Aged 20.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor, believing him to have acted under his father's influence.—






Confined Three Months.

BAXTER and CHARLOTTE COCHRANE—


NOT GUILTY
.
