





133. 




HENRY EDWIN HUGHES,



 WILLIAM RUSSELL
, and 




GEORGE ASTON
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 purse, value 1s., and 1 sovereign, the property of 



Mary Gaunt, from her person.


MR. DOANE conducted the Prosecution.





MARY GAUNT
, widow, Church-street, Baker-street.—On the 3rd of Nov. I had been dining in Baker-street—in the evening my niece came to go home with me—I left a little before eight o'clock—I crossed over from Baker-street up Crawford-street, near Bryanston-square—the first thing I noticed was the prisoner Russell looking me in the face—I had a purse containing a sovereign in my pocket—I had seen it safe a short time before—soon after Russell looked me in the face a gentleman came and made some communication, in consequence of which I felt in my pocket, and missed my purse and sovereign.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. I believe the first time you saw the prisoners you thought Aston was the man? A. No—I always said the same, because I knew Russell before—if I did point out Aston I meant Russell, I was so frightened.

MR. DOANE. Q. Had you seen Russell before? A. Yes, and Hughes also—Russell is the only man I can speak to as having looked me in the face.





JOHN HENRY PRICE
, brass-worker, Wyndham-street, Bryanston-square.


I was in Baker-street that night—I saw the prisoners together—I had frequently seen them before—I saw the prosecutrix with her friend—the prisoners were behind them—I was on the opposite side of the way—I came up to them first on the same side of the way, then I crossed, over-took them, and watched them from Baker-street—they went on the same side of the way that I first saw them till they got to Madame Tussaud's—Hughes then parted from them, went to the next turning, and waited till the ladies had passed him—the other two were following the ladies—they all three followed on till they got to Crawford-street—they then crossed Gloucester-place—I saw Hughes stoop down and lift up the prosecutrix's dress—the other prisoners were close behind him—I saw the prosecutrix's dress sticking up behind, and after a short time it dropped gently down—the prisoners then turned back, and turned the corner into Gloucester-place—I went after the prosecutrix, and spoke to her—I looked for a policeman—I met two together, and told them—I went with them to the New-road, and saw the prisoners coming along Circus-street leading to the New-road—they were secured—I saw Mr. Gaunt at the station—she pointed out one of the three prisoners—I thought she meant Aston.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Were you not quite certain before the Magistrate that she pointed to Aston? A. I believe she pointed to him—she did not touch him—I have no doubt that she meant Aston—I do not keep men, I have only my own son—I have lived where I do thirteen years—I was watching the prisoners for about ten minutes—I was not desired by the police to watch, it was an accident—I had not seen any of the police previously—when one prisoner committed the robbery the others were behind him as close as they could possibly be—nobody behind could see it.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. Do you deal in old metal? A. No, I have been in business twenty years, and perhaps during that time I have bought a couple of hundredweight of old metal—I have not bought a ton—I buy brass and gas-pipe—I do not buy lead—I have bought a little copper, perhaps, amongst brass—I have drank with Hughes—I was always as positive of his lifting the prosecutrix's dress as I am to-day—I swear that, I told the police all I could say was, that I saw Hughes stoop down, and shortly after I saw her dress lifted up—I met the policemen in Harcourt-street, coming out of the station—the prosecutrix said the sovereign she lost was not a new one, but was rather dirty.





GEORGE THORNTON
 (police-constable D 109.) Price spoke to me in Har-court-street—I went to the top of Circus-street, and met the three prisoners there—I took Aston—the other officer with me took the other two—I told Aston I wanted him for a robbery in Baker-street—he said he had not been in Baker-street—I took him to the station, and found on him half-a-sovereign and one shilling—I searched Russell, and in his right hand pocket found a sovereign, and in his left hand 17s. 4 1/2 d.—the prosecutrix said it was a dark sovereign she lost—the one I found was a bright one.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did not she say, in express terms, it was not her sovereign? A. No—she pointed out Aston as the person who locked in her face—Price was there at the time—he had the same opportunity of seeing it that I had—I did not know anything of Price previous to this.





JOHN BAINBRIDGE
 (police-Constable D 105.) I took Russell and Hughes—Russell said, "I think you are mistaken"—Hughes said, "What do you want me for?"—I told him for robbing a lady in Crawford-street—he said, "I think you will find yourself mistaken"—I found 20s. in silver, and a penknife on him.


Cross-examined by
MR. WILKINS. Q. How soon after Price gave you information did you come up to these men? A. I should say between eight and ten minutes—he would have had to go 300 yards to get where he was—I heard the prosecutrix say the sovereign was a dirty one.

HUGHES—


GUILTY
. * Aged 23.

RUSSELL—


GUILTY
. * Aged 23.

ASTON—


GUILTY
. * Aged 20.






Transported for Ten Years.

