



1023. 




WILLIAM OLIVE
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 coat, value 3l. 15s.; 1 waistcoat, 1l. 5s.; and 2 pair of trowsers, 3l.; the goods of 



George Goldsmith, in the dwelling-house of 



Charles Benson Breary.






JAMES FILBEE
. I am a porter in the employ of Alexander Binney, of 31, Old Bond-street. On the 8th of July, I made up a parcel with a coat, trowsers, and waistcoat, worth 8l.—I am sure they were worth 52.—I took them to No. 78, Great Portland-street, and delivered them to Charles Smith, an errand boy—the prisoner has been a porter in my master's service, and left about A fortnight before that—he had no authority to go for any parcels after that.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Where was it left? A. At Mr. Breary's, for George Goldsmith, who lives in Bond-street—Mr. Goldsmith was stopping there at the time—they were left there by his direction.





CHARLES SMITH
. I am errand boy to Mr. Cornish, of 7, Hanway-street, Oxford-street. In July last I was in the service of Mr. Charles Beosoft Breary, surgeon, of 73, Great Portland-street—Mr. Goldsmith lived there at that time—on the evening of the 8th of July I recollect Filbee carrying a parcel directed to Mr. Goldsmith—it was placed on a slab in the hall—after that the servant asked me if that was the parcel which had come from Binney and Richards—I said yes.





MARY ANN READ
. I am servant to Mr. Breary. On the 8th of July, in the evening, the prisoner came to the house—I do not know the exact time—he rang the kitchen bell, and said he had called for a parcel which had been left by mistake from Binney and Richardson, of Old Bond-street—I went up stairs and inquired about the parcel—they said they knew nothing about it—I came down, and saw the parcel lying on the slab in the hall, with a boot upon it—I took it in my hand, went to the top of the kitchen stairs, and called to Smith to know if he had taken in that parcel about a quarter of an hour before—the prisoner said there was a boot outside it, but he did not want the boot, only the parcel, as he was going to take it to another place, and the right parcel would be brought shortly—I delivered it to him—he went away with it—he said he was sorry to give me ao much trouble, and wished me good evening.

Cross-examined. Q. Was there anybody saw him besides yourself? A. No—I did not tell the policeman somebody else had seen him—I have no recollection of ever seeing him before—I noticed that he was marked with the small-pox, and dressed in dark clothes, and his hair was dark—he had whiskers, and was thin in the face—I gave a description of him at the shop in Old Bond-street—I did not give a description to Coombs, the officer—nine months afterwards I saw him in a shop in Old Bond-street—it was three or

four weeks ago—there were one or two other persons in the shop—I recognized him directly—I said at first I thought he was the man—I was not taken into the cell to see him—he said he was not the man—I have not any doubt whatever that he is the man.





GEORGE COOMBS
 (policeman.) The prisoner was given in my charge at 111, New-Bond-street—Read saw him there, and said he was the man, or like the man—he said he was not.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it not on your calling her particular attention to him she recognized him? A. No—she had no doubt he was the man—she said, "That is the man; he is like him"—that is all she said—I took him into custody by Mr. Richardson's desire—Mr. Breary's house is in the parish of St. Marylebone.





JOHN SMITH RICHARDSON
. The prisoner was in our service about six weeks. We gave him leave to go away, as he always seemed confused, and could not do his duty—he left in July—we had a character with him—we heard this parcel had been removed a few days afterwards, in July—I do not think we had a description of the person who fetched it—our porter was tent to endeavour to find the person out—he was described to the porter—we took no further steps till I got information by letter about six weeks ago.





JAMES FILBEE

re-examined. I was directed to go and inquire of the person who had given the man the parcel for a description of him—she described the person to me—it answered the prisoner's description, but I never thought to go after him—I had not the least idea that it was him when she told me—I told my employers what I had heard, and that got the guilt off me—they thought at first I might be connected with it—I had not seen the prisoner when I was out with the parcel—I told Mr. Binney the description I received—I had not the least idea it was the prisoner, or else I have seen him several times since—I never said anything to him about it.

JURY. Q. Was he in the habit of accompanying you when you delivered goods? A. No—he may have gone 100 yards—he had been in the habit of going to that house himself with parcels, for the same gentleman.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(The prisoner had been convicted of felony and transported before.
