




1049. 




JOHN BAKER
 was indicted

for breaking and entering the warehouse of 



Thomas Smallwood Richards, and another, on the 
29th of March, at 
St. Martin, Outwich, and stealing therein, 1 pistol-case, value 5s.; 3 pistols, value 4l.; 1 box, value 15s.: 1 syringe and case, value 17s.; 3 guns, value 20l.; 3 gun-cases, value 2l.; and 1 powder-flask, value 2s.; their property.






THOMAS SMALLWOOD RICHARDS
. I am in partnership with William Law Wood. We have a warehouse at No. 117, Bishopsgate-street Within, in the parish of St. Martin Outwich. On Monday morning, the 29th of March, I went there, and missed the articles stated from the pattern-room, they are worth more than 20l. or 3l., and were safe on the Saturday preceeding—this case of pistols, this case of gun-cleaning instruments, and other articles now produced, are our property, and are part of the things which were taken.





WILLIAM BARRETT
. I am in the prosecutor's employ, and live in George-street, Shoreditch. On Saturday, the 27th of March, I locked up the pattern-room and the back premises—there are three windows to the pattern-room which look into the garden of the City Chambers—I believe the windows were all down—Brown was with me at the time—we locked the doors, and went away together—after locking the warehouse, I gave the keys to Brown to fasten the outer door, which has a patent lock—I left the workshop at six o'clock—I went to the warehouse again on Monday morning, about half-past nine, or a quarter to ten o'clock—I opened the front door, and when I got to the pattern-room I found the door ajar, and the windows open—I ran and informed the clerk, who came up and missed property—I looked out of window, and saw some ladders in the garden, placed against the warehouse, two or three yards from the window—they would enable a person to get in at the window of the pattern-room.





JOHN BROWN
. I am in the prosecutor's service, and live on the premises. I was with Barrett when be locked up the pattern-room—I believe the windows were shut—I had been frequently in the place in the afternoon, and every thing seemed in its usual situation—if a window had been open, I think I must have seen it—the things now produced were, among others, safe in the pattern-room when the door was locked.





JAMES WHITBOURN
. I drive the cab No. 397. On Monday morning, the 29th of March, I was with my cab on Cornhill rank, about eight o'clock—the prisoner came across to me with a bundle in his hand, and got into my cab, with another young man—they ordered me to drive to the corner of Wilderness-row—just before I got there, one of them told me to go on till he pulled the string—I went on to the corner of Compton-street, which is about 200 yards from Wilderness-row—they then pulled the string, I pulled up, and they got out—the prisoner had the bundle when he got out—the other man paid me—the inspector was passing at the time he was paying me, and the man asked me if I should see the old man in the morning—I asked who he meant—I did not understand what he meant—he said, "Why, the old man"—when the inspector had gone by he left me—the inspector came after me, ordered me to stop, and asked where I had brought them from—I told him—Brannan afterwards came up with the prisoner, put him into the cab, and I drove to the station.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-sergeant G 20.) I was in company with inspector Shackell in Goswell-street, on Monday, the 29th of March—I

noticed the prisoner get out of a cab, with a bundle, and there was a person standing at the cab-door—the prisoner walked down Compton-street very quickly—I followed, and asked what he had got—he said, "Nothing"—I said "I know a little about you, I must make a little inquiry about this"—I took him back to the cab, which Shackell stopped—I put him into the cab—as he was going into the cab he said a man had given it him to carry—I opened the bundle at the station, it contained this oak chest, containing a case of pistols, gun-cleaning instruments, nine razors, and an injection pump—they were wrapped up in this handkerchief.

Prisoner. Q. I should like to know when and where you knew me? A. I know you to associate with thieves, or else I should not have stopped you—I do not know that an officer is required to make a memorandum of when and where he meets a thief—I do not know that I ever knew you locked up, but I have seen you with those that have been convicted in this Court.





JOSEPH SHACKELL
. I am a police-inspector of the G division. On the morning of the 29th of March, I was in company with Brannan in Goswell-street, and saw the prisoner in a cab—I went up to the cab at the time the other person was paying the cab-man—the prisoner stepped out—I did not know at the moment that he had any thing, but he drew the bundle out behind him—I then followed him about fifteen or twenty yards in Goswell-street, with Brannan, and suspecting where he was going to, I said to Brannan, "Follow him, and don't lose him"—I then returned, thinking that the other man had got into the cab, but he had escaped—in about three minutes Brannan brought the prisoner to me with a bundle—I asked him what he had there—he said, "Nothing"—I said, "Certainly yon have something, what is it?"—he said, "I don't know what is in it, some person gave it to roe to carry"—I took him to the station—I know the other man, and am in hopes I shall find him.

Prisoners Defence. As I was passing from Whitechapel to Gracechurch-street, a young man met me whom I had seen before, but I did not know him—he said, "Are you in want of a job?"—I said, "I don't mind doing one"—he said, "I am going to a place with this bundle, but I don't wish to go to the house myself, you will very much oblige me by taking it to the house, which I will show you"—we walked a few yards, he called a cab, I got with him into the cab, and the inspector stopped me in getting out—the man said he would pay me for my trouble—no one can say they saw me near the prosecutor's—my family are respectable, and I did not wish to disgrace them by letting them know of this.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.
