




1242. 




GEORGE BROWN
 and 




JAMES ANDERSON
 were indicted for

 stealing 1 firkin, value 1s.; and 84lbs. weight of butter, 3l. 3s.; the goods of 



Thomas Searle: and that they had both been before convicted of felony.






GEORGE TURNEY
. I am in the service of Thomas Searle, a carrier, between Hounslow and London. On the afternoon of the 28th of March, I took up five firkins of butter at Trinity-lane, to take to William Stacey, at Hounslow—there were two firkins on the outside, and three in the cart—the

outside ones were fastened with a chain and a rope—about eight o'clock that evening I was passing through Knightsbridge—before I got to Kensington turnpike I found a jerk came on the mare's back—I jumped down, and found one of the firkins gone from behind, and the rope cut—before that the shafts did not come down on the mare—I ran back to look for the policeman—I ran back to Knightsbridge-barracks, and saw two gentlemen—from what they said, I looked through the rails, and saw the two prisoners in the Park with the firkin of butter—I am sure it was them—I ran round Barrack-alley, and got a policeman—we met the prisoners together with the firkin on their backs—I caught hold of Brown, who had the butter—he threw it off his shoulder on to my arms, and I was forced to let the butter go—he tried to get away—the sentry at the barracks put up his legs, and both the prisoners fell down together—I caught hold of them, and the policeman directly came running up—I did not lose sight of them at all till they were taken—it was William Stacey's firkin of butter, but it was in my charge.





STEPHEN MASTERS
 (police-constable A 178.) About eight o'clock in the evening of the 28th of March, I met the prisoners together in Hyde-park, carrying this firkin of butter—they were coming from Kensington—I turned round after them—I soon after heard an alarm—I went up to Turney, and saw him catch Brown, who was carrying the butter, and he threw it down on to Turney's arms—he tried to run, but they were thrown down by the sentinel, and taken—I am sure they are the persons—they merely said they did not steal it—Brown said to a boy who was following, he wished be would go and tell the old woman what was up, he expected he should go this time—Anderson said he expected to be transported, when he was here before, but he only had six months.





ROBERT BLACKWELL
. I produce a certificate of Brown's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person—I was present when he left the bar—he pleaded guilty before I came into the Court.





JAMES ANDERSON
 (police-constable V 17.) I produce a certificate of Anderson's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present when he received sentence—he is the person.

BROWN—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

ANDERSON—


GUILTY
 Aged 18.





Transported for Seven Years.

