



787. 




ALEXANDER SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
29th of January, 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; and 1 shawl, value 5s.; the goods of 



William Dicker and others; and that he had been three times before convicted of felony.






THOMAS DICKER
. I live in Roebuck-terrace, Dover-road. My uncle, William Dicker, carries on the business of a pawnbroker there, for the benefit of me and my seven brothers, under my father's will, and he shares it with us—I was in the shop on the 29th of January, and was told something—I turned, and saw this shawl and handkerchief pulled from the door—I went out, and saw the prisoner running with the shawl and handkerchief in his hand—I am sure he is the person—he turned, and saw me, and I saw him throw the shawl and handkerchief into Mr. Cohen's yard—Iovertook him, and brought him back to the shop—this is the shawl and handkerchief I saw in his hand.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me take the shawl and handkerchief from the door? A. I did not—you were about five houses from me when I first saw you—I saw them in your hand, and saw you throw them over the fence—you were not dragging them along the ground.





CHARLES HALL
. I was in the prosecutor's shop, about half-past one o'clock—I saw the handkerchief pulled down with about four pulls, and the shawl went along with it—I followed Thomas Dicker, and saw the prisoner runinning with the shawl and handkerchief in his hand—he threw them over Mr. Cohen's yard, and I fetched them from there.


Prisoner. When I was taken to the shop the master sent him for a policeman, and when he came back the things were brought in; as to his bringing them, it is false. Witness. I was in the yard, and a man got on the stone-work, reached the things, and handed them to me.





GEORGE BELL
 (police-constable M 97.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at his trial—he is the person.





JOHN ASLETT
 (police-constable V 16.) I produce two certificates of the prisoner's former convictions, which I got from the office of the Clerk of the Peace for Surrey—(read)—the prisoner is the person—I was present on those occasions.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
