




213. 




WILLIAM RHODES
 and 




CHARLES COOPER



; burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



George Mence, with intent to steal.—2d COUNT, for burglariously breaking out of the said dwelling-house.—Other COUNTS, stating it to be the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Grueber and others.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS GRUEBER
. I am a partner in the firm of Dodd, Grueber and Rowsell, solicitors, of 5, Billiter-street—we are the lessees of the house, and underlet the ground-floor to the London General Pension Society—we occupy the first floor, part of the second, and an office at the back of the house. The prisoner Cooper was formerly in our service; I think he came in 1842, and was discharged about twelve months ago—I did not sleep in the house-Mr. Mence, to whom we let the upper part, does—the house is in the parish of St. Catherine Cree—on Thursday, 6th Dec, I left the office about half-past two o'clock—I went again about ten next morning, and was then told that the prisoners were in custody—I examined the premises, and found the door into the clerk's office had been broken open—in the second desk in that office, belonging to one of our confidential clerks, was kept the key of the iron safe and cash-box—the cash-box was kept in the safe-Cooper would know that—I saw marks on the desk which corresponded with a jemmy that was shown me by the police—the other desk was not tried at all—I examined a closet under the stairs, and found a quantity of torn envelopes and papers there—the cupboard was large enough to hold two persons, if they wanted to conceal themselves—there was a little bit of string inside, apparently made from a piece of cocoa-nut matting, so that they could open or close the cupboard-door from the inside—I examined the staircase, and found that the persons got into the cupboard by putting their feet on a leaden water-pipe which runs along there.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you find anything denoting that anybody had got into the closet by means of the pipe? A. The pipe bore footmarks—any person could get into the cupboard without any difficulty from that pipe—it comes nearly flush with the door—the inner door is never open in the day-time, unless anybody leaves it open on coming in—the outer one is always open—no one belonging to the firm sleeps in the house—there was no breaking of the outer door—there is no door for Mr. Mence; the same door leads to all the floors—the clerk's office door on the first floor was broken open—after the clerks leave, the housekeeper locks up; she is not here.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. There is an outer door and then an inner door, leading to the chambers in the house? A. Yes, the cupboard is on the staircase—I left two of the clerks there, to the best of my recollection, on 6th Dec—the office-door was broken—the policeman produced an instrument to me which fitted it—it was quite clear the door had been broken open.






GEORGE MENCE
. I am secretary to the London General Pension Society, and occupy a portion of 5, Billiter-street, as tenant to Messrs. Dodds and Co. The Pennion Society occupies the ground-floor, and I occupy a part of the second, and the whole of the upper part On 6th Dec. I went to bed at twenty minutes to one o'clock in the morning—the house was then quite safe—the inner office door was closed—about half-past two in the morning, I was awoke by a loud noise which appeared to come from the first floor—I lighted a candle, and went out to the landing, and called to my servants; I thought the noise came from them—I called out very loud; I awoke them; they answered so as to convince me that they were not the cause of the noise—I then called out, "Take care; there are persons in the house who ought not to be," and I called out very loud indeed twice, "I am coming down; I am coming down"—I then ran to the bed-room window in front of the house, and shouted "Police!" as loud as I could—I then heard what appeared to me to be the street door open, and I saw two men run from it towards the top of the street; one appeared to run from the house, and the other to run under the eave of the house—I was only able to see them, not to identify them—I observed the one who ran on the other side had a lighter coat than the other—when I went down stairs I found the front room first floor door lock forcibly broken—that was the door I had seen safe at half-past twelve—part of the wood was splintered, and the bolt of the lock remained as if locked—when I went round the house, the cupboard was shut, and after the alarm it was open—when I went down, I let in the policeman.

Cooper. Q. How many times did you call "Police?" A. I should say at least a dozen times—the police came before I had called half-a-dozen times.

Cross-examined. Do you mean to swear you heard the opening or shutting of the door? A. I do not—I did not. see any one in the house—the outer door is open during the day, except on Sundays—I have nothing to do with Messrs. Dodd's office.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Was the outer door open or shut when you went to bed? A. Shut, and the private staircase door, and also the door which was afterwards broken.





JOHN SMITH
 (City-policeman, 611). On Friday morning, 7th Dec., I was on duty in Leadenhall-street, and at a quarter to three heard a cry of" Police!" from 5, Billiter-street—I ran towards the house, and when I came within sight of it, I saw the two prisoners rush out from the door of No. 5—they stood for a few seconds until I crossed near them, and Cooper went to the opposite side—Rhodes stood still—I thought to secure him, and he made a side bounce out of the centre, and they both started off towards Leadenhall-street—there is a gas-light over the house-door—I have not the shadow of a doubt that they are the persons—I tried to catch both, and called "Stop thief!"—I met Sergeant Tregaskis at Leadenhall-street, and the prisoners were secured—I saw Rhodes taken; I am sure he is the person—I saw Cooper at the station afterwards—I searched Rhodes, and found on him a box of lucifers, a file, a bunch of small keys, a George the Second coin, a little bottle containing oil—I knew Cooper directly he was brought in.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it dark? A. No; the gas lamp gave sufficient light for me to see them—it is not a foot from the door—it is my belief that they rushed from the house, from the rush that they came from the door—I lost them both—Rhodes was secured in less than three minutes—I had never seen him before to my knowledge—I did not turn on my bull's eye, there was no need—I was within three yards of the door, when they started off—when I first saw the rush, I was fifteen or not more than twenty yards from it.


MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Whether you saw them come out of the house or not, are you sure you saw them come from the door? A. Yes; if they were standing at the door, they could not have come with such force as they did—the lamp enabled me to see very well.

Cooper. Q. You say I was crossing towards Leadenhall-street? A. At you got down to Leadenhall-street the sergeant approached you—you made an attempt to run up towards Aldgate-pump, and then you came round again, and be pursued you—I took notice of you, for I followed, and you had on a dark brown or green coat; I will not swear exactly to the colour.





WILLIAM BURGESS
 (City-policeman, 670). I heard a cry of "Police!" and took Rhodes—he was concealing himself in a dark gateway—he said, "What do you take me for?—I said, "Wait until the other officer comes up, and you will see"—he was taken to the station and searched.





WILLIAM PICKERING TREGASKIS
 (City police-sergeant, 48). On 7th Dec., about a quarter to three o'clock, I was near to Billiter-street, heard a cry of "Police!" and ran to the corner of that street—I then saw Smith in the act of stopping two men—I observed those two men, but was not near enough to see their faces—I saw one of them get away—he made a feint as if to go down Leadenhall-street towards Aldgate-pump—I ran across, thinking to take him before he got into Leadenhall-street, and he made a curve and ran towards St. Mary Axe into Lime-street—just after he had passed Leaden hall-place, I observed by the motion of his body that he threw something away, and heard something—he was stopped by Chambers, and it was the prisoner Cooper—I went back and searched, with another constable, and he said, just before me, "Here it is, sergeant," and picked up this dark lanthorn—it was quite warm—this jemmy and I chisel were given me by a boy—about three o'clock I went to 5, Billiter-street, and fitted it—there were marks on the desk made by it, and on the I door, and on this piece of wood which I have brought away—the door I appears to have been broken from the outside—if a person had been concealed in the cupboard, he would have got to the inner door by coming out of the cupboard, and going up one flight of stairs on to the first-floor—I have been in the police nine years—oil and lucifers are things persons would use in transactions of this kind—I found neither lucifers or oil on Cooper—Cooper's coat was covered with lime, so as to give it a light appearance—the cupboard bore marks of having been rubbed against, and on the paper in the cupboard there were visible marks of the seats of two persons, and their shoes bore marks of whitewash—in the morning, I examined about a handfull of dust which had been swept up, and among it I found two matches which exactly corresponded with those I found on Phillips—I have them here—there were no matches in the house of the kind.





CHARLES CHAMBERS
 (City policeman, 523). I took Cooper into custody and found these skeleton keys (produced) in his pocket—they are regular skeleton keys.

MR. CLARKSON
submitted that the part of the house that was broken, was not the dwelling-house of either party stated in the indictment, Mr. Mence having nothing to do with that portion, and no person on behalf of Messrs. Dodd dwelling there—nor was there any proof of breaking out.
MR. BALLANTINE
contended that it was not necessary to show that the part broken belonged to w party dwelling in the house; but that proof of one of the parties dwelling there was sufficient.
THE COMMON SERJEANT
was of opinion that although then might not be proof to support the charge of breaking into the dwelling house of Messrs. Dodd, yet as the prisoners were proved to have broken into



the house in which Mr. Mence dwelt, that would be quite sufficient to make the dwelling-house his for this purpose, although the part actually broken might not be in his occupation.


Cooper's Defence. I was passing down the New Kent-road, when a friend of mine, or rather a young man asked me to take care of a brown paper parcel; he gave it me. I went on to an ale-house near the Elephant and Castle, and then undid the paper, and not until then did I know that it contained these keys; I had an appointment with my brother in Whitechapel-road which detained me till late, and on my way through Billiter-street, I heard cries of "Police!" having these keys on me, I certainly ran, fearing if they were found on me, I should get into trouble; in justice to the other prisoner, I must say, that until this moment I never saw him.

RHODES—


GUILTY
.* Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.


COOPER—


GUILTY
.* Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

