




1115. 




EDWARD SPEED
 and 




HENRY BRIDGES
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
10th of March, 1 watch, value 2l.; and 2 split rings, value 1d.; the goods of 



Robert Shoveller, from his person.






ROBERT SHOVELLER
. I am a currier, and live in Lisle-street, Leicester-square. I was proceeding home on the 10th of March, accompanied by the two prisoners—one Woodfield was with the prisoners when I met them—they were walking together—Speed had been a schoolfellow of mine, and I used to play with Bridges—I was intoxicated—we walked on together—they accompanied me to my own door in Lisle-street, where I live with my mother—I did not miss any thing that night, but next morning I missed a watch and two rings—I cannot say where they were when I last had them—the rings were on the guard, and the watch in my fob, at nine o'clock, and I fell in with the prisoners between nine and half-past nine o'clock—I was too much intoxicated to miss them that night—I saw the watch next morning in possession of Kelly.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long were you at the public-house that night? A. I do not know—the prisoners were drinking at the same house—I had known them from childhood—we were good friends, and they were seeing me home.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. You were too drunk to see yourself home? A. Yes—I do not know where Bridges lived or worked—the last place I knew him to live was in Lisle-street—that is six or seven years ago—he was then a shoemaker, and worked for a gentleman in Lisle-street—I have not seen him often—the glass of this watch was not broken when I had it—I do not know that Bridges lived with a watchmaker.





JOHN SHOVELLER
. The prosecutor is my brother—I opened the door for him when he was brought home intoxicated—from what I heard, I searched for his watch, and could not find it.





JOSEPH MOUNT
 (police-constable C 115.) I was at the station, in Piccadilly, on the night of the 10th of March—I observed the prosecutor in company with the two prisoners and Woodfield—the prosecutor was very drunk—I followed, and watched them—I saw them lead the prosecutor along to Lisle-street—they knocked at the door—I suspected all was not right and searched after the prisoners—I found them in Bedfordbury—

the moment I saw them, I seized Speed by the collar, and he put his hand into his pocket, pulled out this watch, and threw it down in a minute almost—he asked me what I wanted him for—I said, "For that watch"—he said he knew nothing about it—I am sure he threw it down—Bridges was with him—Kelly, who was with me, picked the watch up—we took the prisoners to the station, and searched them—I found these two rings in Speed's pocket—I asked what they belonged to—he made no answer.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What became of the prosecutor? A. When he got to his own door he went in—I do not know who knocked at the door—I did not stay—I went after the prisoners—the third person remained with the prosecutor—Bridges went away first, and Speed followed him.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. At what time did you see them? A. At half-past ten, and I took the prisoners about twenty minutes to eleven.





THOMAS KELLY
 (police-constable F 40.) On the night of the 10th of March, at twenty minutes to eleven, Mount spoke to me—I saw the two prisoners—I took Bridges—while Speed was in custody I saw him throw the watch away.





ELIZABETH TOZER
. I live at the Thirteen Cantons public-house, in Castle-street, Leicester-square. On the night in question, Bridges came alone, and left a watch with me—he asked me if I would take care of it for him—he left it about a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes, and then he came again with Speed, and Bridges had the watch, and took it away—the watch was like this one—I could not swear it was this but I think it is the same.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. What time was this? A. Between nine and ten—I think it was nearer to ten than nine—it might be half-past nine or twenty minutes to ten—there was a guard to the watch, and two rings—I am quite sure it was a silver watch—I had known Bridges before—he was frequently in and out of the house—I should not have taken it in of a stranger—I knew he worked very near—I did not know where he lived—I think I knew him for the last twelve months—he always appeared honest and respectable.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you know Speed? A. I have seen him there—he always conducted himself properly.





ROBERT SHOVELLER

re-examined. I went out that evening about ten minutes to seven—I went out by myself.

MR. JONES. Q. Where was the first place you went to? A. To the Institution in Leicester-square—I went there to read—I staid there about an hour—I then took a walk into the Haymarket, on the left-hand side—I did not walk there long—I did not go into any public-house in the Hay-market—I went into one at the corner of Compton-street—I drank a glass of ale there—that was the first I drank after I left home—I then walked up Long Acre, and went on to Bear-street, till I met the prisoners, and we went into a public-house there—I do not know how long I was there—I entered it between nine and half-past nine—I do not know whether I drank any malt liquor—I know I had gin-and-water—I think there was lemon in it—Woodfield was with the prisoners—he is not here—he is a hair-dresser, and lives in Brewer-street—we four were the only persons in the house—we sat, and stood at the bar—I was then taken home—I

had not looked at my watch from the time I went out, at ten minutes past seven.

SPEED*—


GUILTY
. Aged 2O—

Transpotted for Ten Years.


BRIDGES—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined Six Months.
