




575. 




JAMES COATES
 and 




FREDERICK SWARMAN



, stealing a carpet-bag, 2 pairs of slippers, 4 waistcoats, and other articles, value 5l.; the goods of 



George Spong; in a vessel in 
a port.


MESSRS. CLARKSON, BODKIN, and
CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.






CAPTAIN GEORGE SPONG
. I am a commender in the Navy. On 11th Dec. I went from Blackwall to Gravesend by a steamer, at twelve o'clock in the day—I had two carper-bags, one contained a good deal of property, among other things a diamond ring—I missed one of the bags when I got to Gravesend—there being very few persons on board, and I naturally took a

slight notice of those I thought bad characters, particularly of the prisoner Coates—I could not immediately swear to his having been on board, but I recognised him when I saw him in the prison—I have a very strong belief as to his being on board—about three weeks afterwards I received a communication and went to Marylebone Police-station, where I recognised my property—in consequence of somebody calling at my house in my absence and leaving a message, I went to see Coates in Newgate—he denied having sent me any message—he informed me that a ring, which I was most anxious to obtain, was in pawn, in the name of Phillips, at a pawnbroker's in Whitechapel, which he described—I afterwards went there and found the ring.

Corss-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. You thought two or three persons on board were bery bad characters? A. Yea—I did not give any information about that to any policeman—that struck me when I went on board—I think there were not more than twenty persons on board altogether—I was in the after-part of the vessel the whole time

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Where was your bag? A. Lying on deck, accessible to anybody on board.





THOMAS HARDWICK
 (policeman, D 7.) Both the prisoners were in the police force; Coates in the H division, and Swarman in the D division—I should say that Coats was in the police up to within about two or three months of 22nd Dec.—Swarman was about nine months in the D division, up to last Thursday week—he was discharged before he was taken into custody—in consequence of information, I went down to Cheltenham on 22nd Dec.—I found out Coates' lodging there, and took him into custody—on searching his room I found these two pins, these brushes, and waistcoats—they were in a box in a portmanteau, which Coates pointed out to me as his—I said, "Where are the carpet bags?"—he said, "Underneath the bed," and there I found three—I brought the property to London—information was given publicly, and Captain Spong came and claimed them—I found out that Coates lodged at 9, Anthony-street, Commercial-road—I went there and saw the landlady, Jane Swarman—she pointed out a room to me in the attics, and a box, in which I found this carpet bag, this duplicate referring to Mr. Johnson's, a pair of knitted slippers, a pair of scissors, a razor-strop, and other things—I was present when Swarman was taken.





GEORGE BONHAM
. I am a pawnbroker, in High street, Whitechapel—I produce a diamond ring, pawned on 17th Dec. by Swarman, in the name of Charles Phillips, for 30s.—it is worth 5l.—I did not know him before.

Cross-examined. Q. You thought he was a very respectable looking person? A. Yes; there was nothing about him to excite my suspicion.





WILLIAM JOHNSON
. I am assistant to Charles Johnson, a pawnbroker, in Providence-row, Finsbury-square—I produce some shirts, collars, and other things, pawned on 15th Dec., in the name of George Spong—that name is on the articles—I believe Coates to be the person—the duplicate produced by Hardwick is the one I gave.

MR. ROBINSON
to
CAPTAIN SPONG. Q. When you saw Coates in Newgate, did yoy offer him 1l. if he would tell you where the ring was? A. No.—nothing was said about money in Newgate—I do not believe I told him it would be much better for him to tell me, nothing of the kind—the day he was committed at the Mansion-house he said, "Captain, you are anxious to get a mourning-ring back; if you will give me 1l. I will tell you where it is"—I told that to the solicitor, and he said I had better have nothing to say to him, and nothing of that sort took place in the prison—I did not make him

any promise whatever—he said, "Captain, you are anxious to get back your ring? it is in pledge at so-and-so "—I said nothing to him before he said that—my solicitor was with me—I went by the Lord Mayor's permission.





JANE SWARMAN
. My husband's name is Henry—we live at 9, Anthony-street, St. George's-in-the-East—Swarman lived at my house till he left to go into the police—Coates lived there also—I pointed out his room to Hardwick.





CAPTAIN SPONG

re-examined. to the best of my belief I saw Coates on board, but I will not swear to either of prisoners—I have a strong impression that I saw them both—this ring is mine—it was in my bag—these articles from Cheltenham, and these from the Commercial-road, are mine, and were all in the bag which was stolen.

Cross-examined. Q. Is not it a very common carpet bag? A. Yes.

Swarman's Defence. Coates's luggage was brought to my lodging on 17th Dec., I was on duty at the time, and also when the robbery was committed, and when the ring was pawned, as the policeman will prove.





THOMAS HARDWICK

re-examined. The books do certify that he was on duty, but he was discharged last Thursday week, for neglect of duty, being absent in a public-house one hour—the books signify that the men are supposed to be on duty—he ought to be on duty from ten to three o'clock—the entry is made at the time the men go out—when they come back they enter themselves "all right"—a sergeant goes out with the men, but on that day the sergeant was engaged here—the prisoner said before the Magistrate that he could prove he was on duty on the 17th, when the ring was pawned—he did not say he was on the 11th—I can prove he was on duty at Paddington at three o'clock, in his uniform.

Swarman. I did state I could prove I was on duty on 11th.





JOHN ROWLEY
 (police-inspector E.) The rules of the "D" division are the same as ours—Swarman would be seen on parade about nine o'clock in the morning by the inspector—the men would be then sent out with the sergeant, but there was no sergeant on this occasion—an acting-sergeant was appointed for that morning—it would be his duty to visit the men in the course of the morning, and to report them if absent.





JOHN BONHAM

re-examined. Swarman pawned the ring about two o'clock—he was not in his uniform—I have no doubt of his being the man—to the best of my recollection he wore a black dress-coat.

COATES—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

SWARMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.





Transported for Seven Years.

