



1600. 




HENRY PASSENGER
was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Jenkins, about one in the night of the 
7th of May, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 hat, value 5s., the goods of 



John William Jones; 5 cruet-tops, value 10s.; 1 cruet-frame, value 12s.; 4 spoons, value 8s.; 2 magnifying-glasses, value 1s. 6d.; 1 box, value 3d.; 1 pair of slippers, value 1s. 6d.; 2 pairs of boots, value 3s. 6d.; the goods of 



Henry Jenkins.






HENRY JENKINS.
I live in Barnsbury-place, Islington, It is my dwelling-house. On the 8th of May I came down stairs at half-past six o'clock in the morning—I did not open my back-door till seven o'clock—I then found a ladder, which I knew must have been taken from the yard of my next-door neighbour—it was against the wall on the left-hand side, on turning round to the right, I saw a heavy iron grating, two feet square, had been turned over, and on it was lying the bottom of my cruet-stand—I went up stairs, and found my cruet-stand was taken from the cheffionier, in a parlour up one pair of stairs—they must have torn up the iron grating, passed through the cellar, up the kitchen-stairs, and up the half-flight of stairs into the parlour—it must have required a strong pull to get the grating out—I immediately proceeded to the station-house, desiring the people at home not to disturb any thing—the policeman afterwards came—I missed a pair

of boots and a magnifying-glass, a tin match-box, a bat belonging to Mr. Jones, three salt-spoons, and one tea-spoon—I had seen the spoons the day before—I have found the bottom of the cruet-stand, the match-box, and the magnifying-glasses—these are mine—I was awake at five o'clock, and came down at half-past six—I do not believe any body could have been in the house after five o'clock without my hearing them.





JOHN WILLIAM JONES.
I live in Mr. Jenkins's house. I did not go down stairs till about seven o'clock, and missed my hat—this it it—(producing it)—I had gone to bed about eleven o'clock the night before, and left the hat in the parlour.

Prisoner. There is no mark nor name on the hat. Witness. I know it to be mine, by a particular loop which I tied in it, and which I described to the officer.





JOSEPH SHACKELL.
I am an inspector of police. I apprehended the prisoner at the White Horse public-house, Saffron-hill, at half-past eight o'clock, on the evening of the 13th of May—I had heard of this robbery, and seeing him with a hat on his head answering the description, I took him to the station-house, I found two magnifying-glasses on him, and this tinder-box with the matches in it—I asked him how he came by the hat—he said it was his own, and he had bought it at a pawnbroker's.

Prisoner. I was tipsy at the time. Witness. He was not tipsy—I asked where he bought it, he said in Long-lane, and afterwards of a tall man in a blue-coat—I asked him where he got the glasses from—he said from a person named Webb, a thief, who was transported last Sessions—I found this box on his person—he did not say how he got that—Mr. Jones, in his presence at Hatton-garden, described that he knew the hat by a loop he had tied in it.

Prisoner's Defence. I bought the hat of a Jew; I was very tipsy on the 1st of May, going out dancing with the chimney-sweeps, and bought the hat; the magnifying-glasses I have had two or three months; Webb was transported the Sessions before last.




GUILTY**of breaking and entering, but not burglariously. Aged 20.



Transported for Ten Years

