




57. 




JEREMIAH CAYLOR
 and 




HENRY HARVEY
 were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



George Knapp, about two o'clock in the night of the 
14th of Oct., at 
St. James, Clerkenwell, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 38 watches, value 117l.; and 27 rings, 3l.; his goods; and feloniously striking, beating, and wounding him in the said dwelling-house.—2nd COUNT, not alleging the striking.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE KNAPP
. I live in High-street, in the parish of St. James, Clerkenwell—it is my dwelling-house. On Saturday night, the 15th of Oct., I went to bed about one o'clock—I was the last person up—the premises were all safe—I saw that the back parlour window was shut in the ordinary way—about twenty minutes after one I heard a noise below, but did not go down at first, thinking it might be the cat—I heard it frequently—I slept on the second floor—I ultimately came down about an hour after I had gone to bed—I came into the passage—I could then see into the shop—I saw a light there—I had left no light there—I saw the two prisoners in the shop—Caylor had a candle in his hand, and Harvey was standing at his side by the window, at a glass case, which was open, and which contained watches, rings, and plate—they had their backs to me, and did not see me—I walked into the shop, went up to them, and said, "Hallo, thieves!"—upon that they turned round, and I saw them both very distinctly—the light almost immediately went out—I was on the side of the counter on which customers stand—Harvey was on the other side, and he ran on the opposite side to where I was, made his way into the parlour, which is on the same floor, and was gone—he did nothing to me—Caylor was going in the same direction, but on the side of the counter on which I was—I put ray arms out and stopped him—he caught hold of ray throat with his hands, and said, "D—n you, let me go, or I will knock your b—y life out"—I only had on my stockings, trowsers, and slippers—I held him as well as I could, but he threw me down—I still held him, and we rolled over—we both got up again—I was obliged to let go of him while I got up, but as soon as I got up I was on him again—we again struggled, and I was again thrown down—he kicked my leg, and bit mo just under my ear—I bled very much, more from the throat, from his nails, than any when else, and I was very much bruised and cut about the face—we struggled for a long time—at last he succeeded in getting to the baek parlour window, which was open—he threw me down, and, while I was getting up, he was getting out of the winwindow—as he was on his hands and knees doing so, I caught hold of his leg, which caused him to fall back—he seemed to support himself somehow with his legs across the window-cill, and I, being very much exhausted from the severe bruises I had had previously, could not hold him well with both legs, so I held him by one, and with the other he kicked me in the face, chest, and about the head, a good many times, till at last I fell on the parlour carpet, and he fell on the stones in the yard—as soon as I could recover, I jumped out, pursued him, and got hold of him again in the yard—we then struggled again, and he threw me two or three times—he ultimately got on the dust-hole, which is about three feet and a half high, and has a tree by the side of it—I caught hold of him by one leg, and with the other he kicked me, about the head and body till I fell—his legs wen then released from my grasp—he got upon the wash-house, and then on the kitchen—at that moment a policeman came, and shortly after he was taken—there is a water-butt in the next yard—both the prisoners had hats on when I came into the shop—a piece of candle, and some lucifer-matches were afterwards found in the shop—I saw

the policeman find thirty-eight gold, silver, and metal watches, and twenty-seven or twenty-eight rings, on the floor close against the back-parlour window, to the value of 120l.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When you saw Harvey afterwards at the station, did you know him again? A. He was lying on the floor on a stretcher, and I could scarcely see him, I was so insensible, having been so severely beat, that I can scarcely tell what I said—I recognized him the next time I saw him—I swear he is one of the persons I saw in the shop—I saw him between one and two minutes in the shop.





ELIZA NOON
. I am the prosecutor's servant. On the night of the 15th of Oct. I shut the back-parlour window, and put the shutters to—I am not certain whether I fastened the window or not, but I shut it down—mistress awoke me in the night—in consequence of what I heard, I went to the back window up stairs—I saw Caylor on the dust-bin, and saw him kick my master with his foot—I afterwards saw him get away—I heard a splash after he disappeared—the same morning, when it was light, I saw that some of the wood-work of the window had been removed—that was not so when I had shut it.





ARTHUR PASCO
 (police-constable N 141.) In consequence of hearing a rattle spring I went to Mr. Knapp's house—I went in at the shop door, and saw Mr. Knapp standing in the back yard, bleeding—I went through the window to him in the yard—I saw Caylor on the roof of a low out-house—he turned and looked at me, and I saw his face—he had no hat on—he then appeared to go over on the other side, as if going into the adjoining yard—I momentarily left the yard, ran round with another constable, and had the place surrounded—I then went up to the roof, and found Caylor in the custody of Window.





EDWARD WINDOW
 (police-constable N 385.) On the night in question I was on duty in Montague-place, about 250 yards from the prosecutor's, and, between twelve and one o'clock, I saw the prisoner—I knew Caylor before—I requested them to walk on—they went in the direction of Mr. Knapp's, house—I lost sight of them at the end of Pullen's-row, which is within 120 yards of Mr. Knapp's—about a quater after two I heard a cry out, in cnsequence of which I went into Field-court, at the back of Mr. Knapp's—I saw Harvey in Tyler's custody—I went into Field-court, at the back of Mr. Knapp's, and heard the noise as of something falling into water—I got on the top of an out-house, got on the next house, and there found Caylor lying on his side—he prentended to be asleep at first—I awoke him, and he pretended to be drunk—I afterwards saw him at the station—he there pretended to be drunk for a little while, and then left off—he was wet, as if he had been in the water-butt.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you sure it was Harvey you saw with Caylor? A. Yes; I saw them together for about five miniutes—I was on the same side of the way.

Cross-examined by
MR. WILDE. Q. Was it in a public highway where you first saw them? A. Montague-place is a public highway, but not a through-fare for carriages.





THOMAS TYLER
 (police-constable N 275.) I was on duty, about two o'clock on this Sunday morning, in the Islington road, and heard a cry of "Murder" proceeding from Mr. Knapp's house—I went to the back, and saw Harvey on the top of a house at the back of Mr. Knapp's premises—he jumped down, then limped across the road, and laid underneath a shop window I went up to him, and pulled him out, and he said, "I am stabbed"—I got him up at last, and searched him—it turned out afterwards that his leg was

broken—I searched him on the spot, and In his waistcoat pocket found part of a box of lucifer matches and this gimlet, and in his coat pocket this crowbar—I afterwards went to Mr. Knapp's, and examined the back parlour window—I found this part of the sash, which I produce, broken off—there are marks on it which correspond with this crow-bar—at the station Caylor said that he wore a cap, not a hat—a hat was brought there from Mr. Knapp's house, which he said did not belong to him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where was it you first saw Harvey? A. On the top of a house in White Lion-street—I was then six or seven yards from him, or it might be more—I saw him jump off the house—he instantly got up, hopped across the road, and laid under a shop window—I pulled him out, kneeled on him, and would not let him get up—he did not tell me at first that he had broken his leg—when he did, I put him on a stretcher, and had him conveyed to the station—he has since been in the hospital.





HASTINGS MOORS
 (police-constable N 29.) I went into Mr. Knapp's shop after the alarm, and found thirty-eight watches and twenty-seven rings on the floor—some were lying in a handkerchief—I also found this hat.





GEORGE THATCHER
 (police-inspector.) I was on duty on this occasion. Caylor's trowsers were wet—I produce some of the tickets of the watches—some of them were bloody, and Caylor's hands were also bloody—I found the fastening of the back parlour window off—I compared this gimlet with some marks on the glass case, and they exactly corresponded.

CAYLOR—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—



Death recorded.


HARVEY—



GUILTY
of the burglary without violence
. Aged 26.




Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Baron Parke.

