



189. 




GEORGE BARNARD, alias
 Page

, was indicted

 for uttering counterfeit coin, after a previous conviction.


MESSRS CLERK
and
LAW
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant-Solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of George Barnard at Gloucester in Oct., 1846—this I have examined with the original record in the office of the Clerk of the Peace, and it is a true copy.





GEORGE HENRY MASON
. I am Governor of Gloucester County Gaol. I was present at the trial of George Barnard in Oct., 1846—the prisoner is the person—I know him well, and had him in my custody.





ELIZABETH ROBINSON
. My father is a shoemaker. One Friday night in Sept., about nine o'clock, I was in the street, and the prisoner spoke to me and said, "Little girl, will you go for an errand for me?"—I said, "Yes sir"—he said, "You go to the public-house and get me sixpenny-worth of gin, and make haste"—he gave me half a sovereign, wrapped up in a piece of paper—I tried it with my teeth, and it bent—I went to the Pilgrim, asked for the gin, and offered the halfsovereign in payment—it was refused—they gave it me back—I went to the place he had given it me at, and he was not there—I then went home, told my father, and gave it to him.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. Did you know the prisoner

before? A. No—my father's house was two or three minutes' walk off—the public-house he told me to go to was within sight, he pointed it out to me—I did not see him again till the policeman had him in custody—I am quite sure he is the man.





JOHN ROBINSON
. I am the father of the last witness. On Friday night, 29th Sept., she gave me a half-sovereign—I gave it to the policeman—I went out with her and looked about the place, and went to where she tendered it.





EMMA SMITH
. I am bar-maid to my father, who keeps the Pilgrim, in Kennington-lane. On Friday, 29th Sept., the little girl came for sixpenny-worth of gin, and gave me a bad half-sovereign, which I returned her—on 14th Oct. I saw the prisoner at our house with another man—he asked for a pint of sixpenny ale, and threw down a bad half-sovereign—I took it up, bent it, and told him it was a bad one—he said he had no more money, and the other man paid for the ale—I returned the half-sovereign to the prisoner—I had bitten it, and made an impression on it—this is it (produced)—it was shown me next morning.

Cross-examined. Q. What makes you know that to be the one? A. From the mark I made on it on the edge.





FREDERICK LEDGER
. I am pot-man at the Pilgrim. On Saturday, 14th Oct., in consequence of what Miss Smith told me, I went to the bar, saw the prisoner there, and another man—as soon as I came into the bar they walked out—I followed, and never lost sight of them—the prisoner said if I followed them any further he would break my b—y leg, and he struck me with a stick, and I had a wrestle with him—I still followed—he wanted me to have a glass of ale and leave him—I would not—he was very insulting—he was taken in my presence.





BENJAMIN CURSLEY
. On 14th Oct. I saw the prisoner and Ledger struggling together—I picked up a half-sovereign in the direction they had gone, which I afterwards gave to Brosnahan.





TIMOTHY BROSNAHAN
 (policeman, L 164). I produce two counterfeit half-sovereigns, one I got from John Robinson, on 29th Sept., and the other from Cursley.





CALEB EDWARD POWELL

re-examined. These half-sovereigns are both counterfeit.




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Coltman.
