



1142. 




GEORGE RIVERS



, feloniously stabbing, cutting, and wounding 



Sarah Rivers on her left shoulder, breast, and arm, with intent to maim and disable her.—2d COUNT, with intent to do her grievous bodily harm. MR. CLARKSON

conducted the Prosecution.






SARAH RIVERS
 I am the prisoner's wife, and live at 37, New Petter-street, Westminster—he is a bricklayer's labourer, but has been out of work thirteen weeks—I have been supporting him all that time by going out to work at laundry work. On Saturday night, 28th April, I came home about 9 o'clock, and went to bed about ten—I have two children, one is five years old, and the other two and a half—they slept by themselves in the same room—my husband had not come home when I went to bed—I fell asleep, and was

awoke about twenty minutes to twelve by my husband leaning over me with a knife, in the act of stabbing me—it was a white handled dinner-knife, very pointed at the edge—he stabbed me once after I awoke on the left shoulder—I was lying on my right side—I said to him, "For God's sake, Rivers, what are you doing?"—he made no answer; he was drunk—I received twelve different stabs; on the left breast, the right breast, and the shoulder—I did not awake till he gave me the last stab—I sleep very sound—I jumped out of bed—he dropped the knife on the pillow—I found that my night-linen was very bloody—I caught hold of him, and begged him to sit down, he would not—he asked me for a penny—I gave it him, and he said he would go and have half a pint of beer—he went out, and I then took the children up-stairs, and left them in the care of a lodger, fearing, as he was drunk, he would do more mischief—I bled a great deal—I was taken to the doctor's, and there fainted—I cannot say whether my husband was very tipsy; he was tipsy—I could not see whether he staggered about the room when I got up—he has been very unkind to me ever since he has been in prison last—that was for stealing a pair of boots—there was no one in the room when this happened but the children—I have been under the doctor's care ever since—this is the knife it was done with (produced)—it was bent as it is now when I found it.

Prisoner. Q. Did not I ask you afterwards to tell me all about what I had done? A. No—you never spoke till your master asked if I was going to speak to you—I went into the passage to you and said, "If you don't believe what you have done, you can prove it now"—you turned your back, and never spoke, but went out with your master—you said you thought a man was after you for breaking a window, and you would go away for a week or so.

MR. CLARKSON
Q. You did not wish to press the charge against him I believe, but your brother wished you to? A. No—I did not—I was afraid to do so, because I thought I should be in more danger.





GEORGE BURTON PAYNE
 I am a surgeon, and have a place of business at Grey Coat-place, Westminster. On Saturday night, 28th April, shortly after twelve o'clock, Sarah Rivers was brought to me—she was insensible, and in a fainting condition—her dress was saturated with blood, and she was bleeding from several wounds—there was one very large wound, about five inches long and more than two inches deep on the upper part of the shoulder, the bone was exposed—whatever she had been struck with must have struck against the bone—there were ten or a dozen wounds round the same arm, and in the ribs and side of the body—they were not very severe wounds—such a knife as this produced would have caused such wounds, I should attribute the bending to its striking against the bone—it was not a wound that would affect life—there was also a slight wound, or rather scratch, across the right breast.





MARY HAWKINS
 I lived at Smith's-rents, in York-street, Westminster, and had been with Mrs. Rivers as servant since last November. On this Saturday night, between six and seven o'clock, I saw the prisoner go to the cupboard, take a sharpening stone out which was kept there, and sharpened this knife—I said, "Mr. Rivers, what are you sharpening that knife for?"—he said he might want it by and by for something.





RICHARD COUSENS
 (policeman, B 30.) On this Saturday night, a little after twelve o'clock, I was called by a lodger in the house—went and found the prisoner standing at the door—he was the worse for liquor, the woman declined giving him into custody, but asked me to stay to take care of her—I stayed about half an hour, or rather better—some vulgar language passed—he

was taken away by a man to have half a pint of beer—returned in about a quarter of an hour, and wanted to know what all we b—s were lurking about there for—he then passed me, went to the door, and said, the first b—that came to the door he would show them cold steel; and took out this other knife (produced)—I did not take him into custody that night, but I did afterwards, on a warrant—he then said he was sorry for what he had done—I afterwards went to the cupboard in the room, and found there this stone—the floor of the room was very bloody—I received this bent knife from the prosecutrix.

Prisoner's Defence I did not know what I was about.




GUILTY
on 2d Count
 Aged 33.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Coliman.

