




1583. 




JAMES VARNHAM
 and 




GEORGE HENRY DAKEN



, stealing 1356lbs. weight of coals, value 13s.; the goods of 



John Patient and another, in a barge on the 
Thames; Daken having been before convicted.






JOHN SCANLAN
. I am an officer of the Customs. On 11th June I wason a vessel near the West India Dock entrance—a coal-barge was lying atthe next buoy above, a boat, with a white streak, like a ship's punt, came toit from the ship above, about three o'clock in the morning—there were twomen in it—I could not see their faces; I described their dresses—the prisonersare very much like them—one was a pood deal taller than the other—the short one got out; the other one handed him a basket out of the boat—he put some coals in it, and handed it to the one in the boat, who put it intothe water, shook it, and then capsized it into the boat—they did that severaltimes—then the short one got into the boat, and they went towards Commercial Docks—I saw a police-boat, gave information, and in about half anhour they came back with the prisoners.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. It was not an uncommon boat?A. No—I did not see the short one walk, and cannot tell whether he waslame—he stepped from the barge—he might be lame without my noticing it; I was fifty or sixty yards off—I told the inspector one was darker than theother—I will not swear they filled the basket more than ten times—it took aquarter of an hour or twenty minutes.





GEORGE MADDOX
 (Thames police-inspector.) I was on the river about half-pastthree o'clock, on 11th June, I received information, and overtook a boat, sharp at each end, answering the description I had received, and the prisonersin it, going to warns Greenwich—I got into it, and found about 13 1/4 cwt. ofcoals, and a dredge, which they get coals up out of the river with; it is a neton a stick; it is not like a basket—it had mud on it—I asked the prisoners howthey accounted for the coals—Varnham said, "Some we picked up on theshore, and some we dredged up on the river"—I went to tlte barge Timothy, which Scanlan pointed out—there was a hole in the coals, where a largequantity had been taken out—they were the same sort.

Cross-examined. Q. How far did you take the prisoners from the barge?A. A mile, or a mile and a quarter—there was mud on the top of the coals—

I did not turn them over—I could not ascertain whether those on the surfacehad been dredged up;—the not appeared to have been used—they were notusing it when 1 saw them—Varnham wore a white frock; I think whiter than—the one he has now, and Daken was dressed the same as now—one's frockwas much darker than the other's—one of them was a very lame—there was abasket in the boat; it was quite clean; it had not been used for coals, unlessit had been washed since.





WILLIAM RUGG
. I am lighterman to John Patient and Henry Sheppards, coal-merchants. On Saturday week last I took the Timothy to the west India Dock buoy, and left her there—the coals in it are Messrs. Patient and Sheppard's—I went again the same day, and missed about a ton—I have comparedthese coals with those in the barge; they are the same kind.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know them? A. They are Hartley's—there has been none of them in London for five or six years—that cargowas consigned to four or five other people, but I took the first forty-two tonsout—none were lost in the river.





GEORGE WILLIAMS
 (policeman, V 94.) I produce a certificate of Daken'sconviction—(read—Convicted March, 1844, and confined six months)—I was present—he is the man.
(Varnham received a good character.)

VARNHAM—


GUILTY
. ** Aged 30.—



Confined Twelve Months.


DAKEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

