




1582. 



WILLIAM CHARLTON
 and 




JOHN TURNER



, feloniously breaking and entering the counting-house of 



William Bartholomew Billett, and others, and stealing 1 cash-box, value 5s., 1 half-sovereign, and 24s.; their property.


MR. CHARNOCK
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES WATSON DUKE
. I live, on the Edmonton gas premises—they belong to the Gas Company—Mr. William Bartholomew Billett is one of the roprietors, and there are others. On the morning of 3d Aug. I heard Edwards calling out," Master! Master!"—I got out of bed, and saw Edwards and another person struggling on the grass before the window—I could not identify any one but Edwards—I came down and saw Edwards rising from the place where the struggle had been—he complained of being hurt, but there was no one there—I found one of the desks had been broken open in the counting-house, and before the policeman came, I went to the spot where I saw the two men struggling, and picked up two chisels, which were applied

to the marks on the desk, and found to correspond—I saw Edwards pick up a cap—I missed from the counting-house a cash-box—I saw a-pair of tongs, which had been used to break some place, and the tongs were broken.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. What are you? A. Clerk to the directors—Edwards is a stoker—he was up all that night—he is still with us—he has not been discharged—he was not intoxicated that morning.





HENRY COOK
. I am clerk to the Edmonton and Tottenham Gas Company. I left the counting-house about six o'clock on Thursday evening, 2d Aug.—I locked the desk—I do not recollect whether I closed the door of the counting-house that evening—it can be opened from without, by turning a brass knob—there is a man employed on the works who has to come to the office every half-hour—I left a cash-box locked up in the desk, and the desk was locked—in the morning the desk had been broken open, and the cash-box was gone—there had been 10s. in gold, and 1l. 4s. in silver in the box, and two papers—they were all safe when I left that afternoon.





THOMAS EDWARDS
. I am stoker at the gas-works. I have to go into the counting-house to guide the pressure—strangers had not access to that place—I went in at twenty minutes to one o'clock to look at the pressure—I saw two men on the top of the counting-house—I cannot tell who they were—I went into the office—I saw the poker and tongs were moved—I locked the door and came down again through the gas-house—I was on the watch, and I saw Turner come down the yard, and a tall man with him—they went to the front door of the house, which is about thirty yards from the counting-house—they shook the house door, and came back and tried the sitting-room window of the office—they could not get in there, and they went in at the door—I was about four yards from them—I did not speak to them—I had locked that door, and had the key in my pocket—I cannot tell how they got in—they both went in—I am sure Turner was one; I had known him eight or nine years—finding they were in, I went and held the door in my hand, and called for Mr. Duke, my master—before he came they burst the door from me—Turner came out—I seized him, and the other fellow came and jumped on the top of me—Turner said, "If you don't let me go, Topper, I will cut your b—y throat"—I said, "It is no use your running away, I know you"—he ran away and the other man too—I did not see Charlton at all.

Cross-examined. Q. Topper is your nick-name, is it? A. Yes—I knew Turner very well—I do not know who he was working with—he was working for a market-gardener—I know Tom Risley—I believe he works with Mr. Payne, the gardener—Turner got away from me—Mr. Duke then came to me—I did not mention the name of Turner to Mr. Duke; I did to the policeman—I mentioned Turner's name to my mistress and master before the policeman came; I said I knew Turner—you must get over the hedge or wall to get into the yard—the counting-house door was locked, I had the key in my pocket—the struggle lasted about ten minutes—I was hurt a little on my breast and my thigh.





JAMES WATSON DUKE

re-examined. Edwards at first said, "Never mind, I know one of them"—I will not swear whether he mentioned the name of Turner before the policeman came—when he had told me, he went to his work—when the policeman came, I said, "Topper knows one of them;" and he came up and said it was Turner.





EDWARD GREY
 (policeman, N 328). On 3d August, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, I went to the gas-works—Edwards gave me a description of the prisoner Turner—he goes by the name of Little Stiffey—I went in the evening to the Bell public-house—I found Turner sitting there—I

told him I roust take him for the robbery at the gas-works—I took him to the gas-works, and directly Edwards saw him, he pointed to him and said, "That is the man"—Turner said, "Mind what you say"—I went to search Charlton's house after he was apprehended—his mother went into the back room, and pulled out this shirt and jacket—she said he had been there and changed his clothes—this shirt was taken from a tub of water—I pulled these trowsers from under the table in the front room myself—I think this is soot that is on them.

Cross-examined, Q, Have you had those articles in your keeping since? A. I have had them at the station—I could not tell that these were his clothes but from what his mother told me—I am sure this is soot on these things—we have a chimney at the station—I did not put these things np the chimney there.





ROBERT BUTCHER
 (police-sergeant, N 37). About five o'clock in the morning of the 3d Aug., I went to the counting-house of the Edmonton and Tottenham gas-works—I found one of the desks had been broken open is the counting-house, and I should say by the marks that these chisels had broken it open—I could not tell how the door had been opened—I found the window open, and a part of the chimney had been thrown down into the fields—they could not get into the counting-house down the chimney, the fire-place being bricked up—the brick-work of the chimney that rose above the roof had been broken down—it appeared to me that they had got into the chimney, and could not get out without breaking down the brick-work to get out—I took Charlton at his mother's house between seven and eight in the morning—I told him he was charged with breaking and entering the counting-house of the Tottenham and Edmonton gas-works—he told me that he had been in Hertfordshire ever since the Tuesday previous, sweeping, and that he returned that morning, and landed at Board's Lock, which is about a mile on the other side of Edmonton—I told him he had been seen by a man in Water-lane about five that morning—he said he had not been in Water-lane that morning, for he landed at Board's Lock—I took him to the station and stripped him—I found his person was covered with soot—there was the appearance of soot round his eyes, and his elbows were very much cut, as if he had been struggling very much with his arms up—he said he had been up a chimney, but not there—I mentioned that he was suspected of being up the chimney at the counting-house.

Cross-examined, Q. Is Board's Lock on the river Lea? A. Yes; that is the way from Hertfordshire—I have not been there.





THOMAS CULLIP
. I know Charlton; he was potboy to Mr. Weston, and I have known him as a chimney-sweep. On the morning of 3d Aug., I saw him in Water-lane about five o'clock, as I was going to my work—I met him coming in a direction from the gas-works, about a quarter of a mile from them—he was very black, and without shoes and stockings—he had these things on that are here—I asked him where he had been; he said, "To Hertfordshire, sweeping"—I let him go on—I afterwards heard of this robbery, and gave information—I never knew him to be away from Edmonton—I believe he lives with his father and mother, and brother—I have known him thirteen or fourteen years.





JOHN WESTON
. I keep the Three Tuns public-house at Edmonton; I know Charlton; he lived about a quarter of a mile from me. On Thursday morning, 2d Aug., he came to my house, which is about a mile from the gas-works—he brought in a penny loaf and a black pudding, and had half-a-pint of beer—he was there till about twelve o'clock in the day—I did not see

him afterwards till he was hefore the Magistrate—he was at work for me on the Wednesday cleaning knives and forks; he was there all day; he was with me on Tuesday; we had a cricket-match.

Witnesses for the Defence.






THOMAS RISLEY
. I am a labouring man, and reside at Edmonton; I know Turner. I remember the morning that the robbery took place at the gas-works—I heard of it the night but one afterwards—on the morning of the robbery, I called Turner up about three o'clock to go to work—he was going to cut tares for Mr. Payne—he has worked off and on for Mr. Payne as long as I am able to recollect—I have called him up before, and he and I have gone to work—when I called him that morning, he came down—I came as far as the corner of the yard with him, and he went one way, and I went another—I did not go to work with him—I think his house is about I mile from the gas-works—I know Mary Etwall; she is here.

MR. CHARNOCK. Q. For whom do you work? A. Mr. Ellam; I have worked for him all the summer; before that, I worked for different persons in Edmonton—I have worked for my brother-inlaw, Henry Risley—I am single—I live near to Turner; he is single, and lives with his father and mother, and brother and sister—I have known him ever since I can recollect—I think it was Thursday morning that I called him—I cannot say exactly: it might have been on Wednesday—it was on the 3d Aug.—I think it was on Thursday.

COURT. Q. What day did you hear of the robbery? A. I cannot say what day of the week it was—it was not on Sunday; it was on Friday.

MR. CHARNOCK. Q. You would rather swear it was Wednesday you called him than Thursday? A. That is about it—Mrs. Etwall lives next door but one on the right side of him—I have not talked this over with her no further than she said I called him up in the morning—I do not know that I spoke to her about it at all—she did not come to town with me; Thomas Cullip did—I have not had any conversation with Etwall about it—Turner's mother came to me about it on the Saturday morning as he was locked up on the Friday night—I do not know Mrs. Andrews—I was up at three o'clock that morning to go to work; that is the usual time to go to work—I knocked and hallooed to him—he sleeps in the garret—Mrs. Etwall saw me call him. MART ETWALL. I live next door but one to Turner's mother—I have known him—I have not known him to be away from home—I heard of the robbery at the gas-works on the Friday evening—they said it was committed on the Friday morning—I had seen Turner come in at eleven o'clock the night before, as I was sitting up with a person who was very bad—I sat up all night, and on the next morning I saw Risley come to call Turner about three—he called him five or six times—Turner came down about a quarter-past three, and they went away together.

MR. CHARNOCK. Q. What morning was this? A. On Friday morning—I had not heard Risley call him before; I had seen Turner go out—I am sure this was on Friday morning—I came to town with Risley—I did not talk with him about this matter—I did not say what I was going to prove—Mrs. Turner came with me.

COURT
to
THOMAS EDWARDS. Q. You went to the office twice? A. Yes, I went at twenty minutes to one o'clock, and it was at twenty minutes to three that the men rushed out, and I had the struggle with Turner—I was watching the place in the interval—I am certain Turner was the man—one of the men who were on top of the office appeared to be a big man, and one a little man, and one that came out of the counting-house was a short man, and one

a tall one—I do not know Charlton—I did not give an alarm when I saw the two men on the top of the counting-house—I did not know what they were doing—I did not challenge them—I walked into the counting-house at twenty minutes to one—I found the poker and tongs had been moved—I saw them lie against the presses—I did not look to see whether the tongs were twisted or straight—I did not look at the desk—I did not go into the counting-house again till master came down—I did not see the two men get down from the top of the counting-house—they went the back way into the fields—I did not give any alarm—there was no one but me and my master there.





THOMAS CULLIP

re-examined. Risley came up with me this morning, but Mrs. Etwall did not.

CHARLTON—


NOT GUILTY
.

TURNER—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

