



380. 




WILLIAM YOUNG
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of June, 17 shirts, value 6l.; 2l. collars, 10s. 6d.; 4 waistcoats, 3l.; 1 flannel waistcoat, 1s.; 2 cravats, 4s.; 11 pairs of stockings, 10s.; 2 pairs of drawers, 5s.; 15 handkerchiefs, 2l.; 6 petticoats, 12s.; 7 shifts, 14s.; 3 tablecloths, 3l.; 10s.; 12 towels, 12s.; 4 table-napkins, 12s.; 1 quilt, 1l.; 2 sheets, 8s.; 3 pillow-cases, 3s.; 1 night-gown, 2s.; 1 right-cap, 1s.; 1 dressing-gown, 7s.; 6 aprons, 6s.; 1 half-sovereign; 2 half-crowns; and 1 shilling; the property of 



William Buckmaster: and that he had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM BUCKMASTER
. I live in Burns'-place, Marylebone—I carry linen from different laundresses to their employers, and from their employers to the laundresses—on the 3rd of June I was employed to fetch some linen—I called at Mr. Oxenham's, in Chester-terrace, Regents-Park, and received the linen from Sophia Ranfield—I went to Robert-street, Hampstead-road, and received a bundle there—I went to Mr. Hawksby, in Berner's-street, and received a bundle there—I put them into a truck, and went to Lnngham-place, and left the truck while I went down the area of a house there to get some more linen—when I came up, my truck

and linen was all gone—I found the truck round the corner opposite the I Church, but all the linen was gone except two small parcels of very little I consequence—when I first saw the prisoner afterwards I recollected hit I features, but I could not tell where I had seen him, till afterwards it I occurred to me that I saw him on the day I lost the linen, standing with I his back to the rails opposite the Church in Langham-place—ho had the same dress on that he has now, and a white apron.





HENRY LANGHAM
. 1 am a pawnbroker—I have a table-cloth pawned on the 5th of June, and a handkerchief pawned on the 8th—I took them, I believe, of the prisoner—I believe so from his features and general appearance—I have seen the duplicate of the handkerchief in the officer's hand—it is the one I gave him.





ARTHUR GOLD
 (police-constable D 199.) I produce a handkerchief which I took from the prisoner's neck on the 81st of Dec.—it has been claimed as a part of the linen sent to he washed—I found the duplicate of this other handkerchief on the prisoner, in searching him, when I took him on another charge, on the 1st of July, the very day four weeks after these things were lost—he had six months' imprisonment then.





HENRY OXENHAM
. I am an auctioneer, and live in Oxford-street—I know this handkerchief, which the pawnbroker has produced—I was called to see the prisoner, and I recognized this other handkerchief, which was round his neck, as one of mine—I have another to match it—I sent them both, with a number of other things, to the laundress's, on the 3rd of June, from my father's, at No. 3, Chester-terrace, where I was then staying.





ELIZA PRATT
. I live now in Martha-street, I did live at Mr. Hawksby's, in Berner-street On the 3rd of June, I gave this table-cloth, and a number of things in it, to Buckmaster to take to the laundress—they were Mr. Hawksby's property.

Prisoner, The table-cloth I know nothing about; another person might go in the same manner as I did; the handkerchief I pawned belonged to me; I gave 4s. 6d. for it; and I gave 8 1/2d. for the one round my neck.





HENRY OXENHAM

re-examined. I know both these handkerchiefs by the pattern; and what strengthens my belief that they are mine, is finding them both in connection with the prisoner.





CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
 (police-constable L 83.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction, by the name of Charles Groves, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read—Convicted of felony 30th Jan, 6th Vict. and confined two months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

