




2008. 




MICHAEL LAMB, alias
 Daly,

 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
9th of June, 2 bags, value 3s.; 1 sovereign, 1 half-sovereign, 3 half-crowns, 10 shillings, 5 sixpences, 60 pence, and 120 halfpence; the property of 



John Greaves Stevens: and 




ROGER KELLY



, for feloniously receiving the said goods, well knowing them to be stolen; against the Statute, &c.






JOHN GREAVES STEVENS
. I am a carman, and live in Margaret-place, Hackney-road. On the 9th of June I left my cart at a door in Buckeridge-street—there was a boy in the cart, and a carpet-bag containing one sovereign, one half-sovereign, three half-crowns, five sixpences, ten shillings, sixty pence, and 120 halfpence, in a box—I was in the house about five minutes delivering some goods, when I came back for my book, I

found the bag and money was gone out of the box with the book in it—I had seen Lamb and Conolly at the cart before I went into the house.





DANIEL HAYES
. I sell water-cresses On Tuesday evening, the 9th of July, I was against the public-house, and saw Stevens's cart—I saw his boy in the cart—I saw Lamb against the wheel, climb up, and take the money—one of the boys told Mr. Stevens's boy there was a fight up Bainbridge-street—Lamb gave it to Conolly, and they went up the street.





WILLIAM HALE
. I live in Hart-street, Covent-garden. I remember on this afternoon seeing the two prisoners in company, and several more, in Carrier-street, leading out of Buckeridge-street—they were in company together, not doing any thing that I saw—I heard of the robbery a quarter of an hour after.

JURY. Q. Were either of the other boys about the size of Lamb? A. No, I do not think there was one so small—they were bigger boys—some were as big as Kelly.





JOHN GREAVES STEVENS, JUN
. I live with my father. I was sitting in the cart, and saw a little boy get on the wheel, and there was a sham fight—I put one foot out of the cart, and was looking at the sham fight—I turned round to tell Lamb to go away, and saw them running up the street with another bigger boy, and the bag was gone—Kelly was down the middle of the street, and they all ran away together—it was Lamb got up to the cart—he was with Conolly—they met Kelly in the street, and all three ran away together.





GEORGE JOHN RESTIEAUX
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the two prisoners—they denied the charge—Hayes stated more before the Magistrate than he has to-day.





DANIEL HAYES

re-examined. I saw Lamb get up into the cart, and take the bag, and saw him give it to Conolly, and both ran away together—Kelly was reading a book, and he never knew any thing about it till they met him in the street—he went along with the other boys—Conolly had the bag second, and Kelly had it last—they went away together.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How close was Kelly to them, when it was token? A. Pretty near half-way in the street—the cart was at O'Brien's at the bottom of Buckeridge-street, and Kelly was at the end—he was not in sight of the cart, nor near it at all—I live in Buckeridge-street—I said before the Magistrate that I saw Conolly give the bag to Kelly directly after Lamb had taken it—Restieaux said he would promise me a suit of clothes, and told me I was to have 3s. 6d. a day, if I came to give evidence.

COURT. Q. When did he tell you that? A. A good bit ago, before I came here—he did not tell me to say any thing that was not true—he told me to speak the truth, and nothing but the truth—I have not been talking to Mrs. Kelly—I believe I was told about the clothes after I had been before the Magistrate—I suppose Kelly could see the cart.

Q. Daly got up, took the bag, gave it to Conolly, and he directly gave it to Kelly? A. Yes.

Q. You said Kelly was a long way from the cart, and could not see? A. He was over right by Bank's public-house, which is a little way up.





GEORGE JOHN RESTIEAUX
. re-examined. Q. What is this story of the 3s. 6d. and the suit of clothes? A. Entirely false—he has never received

more than 18d. a day—he asked me if he should be paid for his loss on time coming here, and I said he would be paid 18d. a day.

LAMB—


GUILTY
.* Aged 12—


Transported for Seven Years.—Convict Ship.


KELLY—


NOT GUILTY
.
