






620. 




PETER HESSEY,



 THOMAS BREWER,



 CHARLES REYNOLDS
, and 




JAMES ROOK
, were again indicted for

 stealing 275 lbs. weight of lead, value 1l.10s.; the goods of 



Thomas Jennings Bramley and others, fixed to a building; to which


HESSEY pleaded 


GUILTY
 Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.






ELIZA OAKLEY
 I am the wife of Joseph Oakley. On 8th Feb., a little before ten o'clock in the morning, I saw Hessey, Brewer, Rook, and another, drive to the stile, which leads to the field, where there is a path to the Rectory-house—they went across the field, and I saw them no more—Hessey left the donkey and cart near the stile and walked about the road—shortly afterwards I saw Mr. Whitly in the field—Hessey got on the stile, called out, "Come on" and drove the cart away.





THOMAS WHITLY
. I was in the field, and saw Reynolds, Brewer, and Rook—I knew them all from their childhood—they were carrying lead—when they saw me they threw it in a ditch—I was about fifty yards from them—I went to the stile and saw Hessey drive his cart away—I pursued him—he had nothing in his cart—I went back to the ditch, and found in it these four pieces of lead, and a sack—I marked them; these are them.





WILLIAM HENEY TREW
 (policeman, T 69). On 8th Feb., in consequence of information from Mr. Whitly, I found this lead and a sack, and took it to, the station—I went to the Rectory, and found a great quantity of lead had been stolen from there—some had been removed recently; this is it.





THOMAS TULL
 (policeman, G 22). I produce a piece of wood from the front of a window—it exactly fits to the nail holes in this lead—it is the same length and breadth—the part that went wider the tiles has the mortar on it.





WILLIAM HENEY SAUNDERS
 I had the care of this Rectory-house—it belongs to the Rev. Thomas Jennings Bramley, Thomas Smith, and Maria Taylor—I misted some lead from the roofs of the building connected with the house—I was there on the 21s., of Jan.; I did not miss it then.

Brewer's Defence. We were not near the lead.
*BREWER—


GUILTY
 Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.


REYNOLDS—


GUILTY
 Aged 13.

ROOK—


GUILTY
 Aged 12.

Recommended to mercy by the Jury.—




Confined Six Months.

