



1756. 




AARON STEINBOURNE
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Jesse Birch, on the 
10th of April, at 
Lewisham, and stealing therein 1 clock, value 10s.; 2 sheets, 4s.; 2 pillows, 4s.; 1 shift, 1s.; 1 cap, 6d.; 4 yards of calico, 2s.; and 1 key, 6d.: his property.






CAROLINE BIRCH
. I am the wife of Jesse Birch—we live at Lewisbam—on the 10th of April I left my house—I locked the door and put the key in at the window—I shut the window and shut the outside shutter—I received information, and returned home about half-past three o'clock—I had then lost the sheets off my bed, the pillows, the cap, a shift, some calico, the key of my door, and a clock—the staple of my husband's box was drawn, but there was nothing in the box.





JESSE BIRCH
. I went home at half-past three o'clock—I went for the key—it was not there—I jumped in at the window and missed these things—this is my clock and key.





JOHN CARPENTER
 (policeman.) On the 19th of June I went to Union-court, Kent-street—in the first floor front room there, which is the prisoner's residence, I found this clock hanging up in the room and going—I also found this cap in the room—I examined a cupboard, and saw a piece of board had been recently removed—I removed it, and under it I found thirty-three skeleton and other keys, and amongst them was the key of the front door of the prosecutor's house—their house is in Lewisham, and it is their dwelling-house.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Do you know how many lodgers there are in the prosecutor's house? A. There was at that time one lodger in the room above the room the prisoner was in—this is the key of the prosecutor's door—I also opened the prosecutor's door with one of these

skeleton keys—I suppose the keys I have got here would open five hundred doors—the house is inhabited by Mr. and Mrs. Sullivan.





PATRICK SULLIVAN
. I live in the house, No. 1, Union-court. I let the front room on the first-floor to the prisoner—he came in on the 2nd of May, and brought this clock with him.

Cross-examined. Q. How many people were living there? A. I live in the bottom floor, a stonemason and his wife lived upstairs—I do not know what the prisoner is—he is in the line of selling jewellery—he told me he had his license—I never saw him with a box or a pack—I have seen him come in and out—the first fortnight he was there a man was liv-ing with him—these keys were found under a board in the coal-cupboard—I was only in the house ten months—I do not know who was there before me.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.






JOHN CARPENTER
. There are five cases against the, prisoner, and the value of the property taken, in all the cases, is 150l.; all from poor people.
