



1909. 




JOHN TENNISON
 was indicted

 for stealing 1 handkerchief, value 4d., the goods of 



Thomas Dunster, from his person.






THOMAS DUNSTER
. I live in Gun-street, Spitalfields. On the night of the 15th of August, between nine and ten o'clock, I was in Petticoat-lane—I found the prisoner's hand in my pocket—I turned round, and laid hold of his hand—he got his hand out, and my handkerchief in it—he had got the handkerchief clear out of my pocket when I laid hold of his hand.

Prisoner. I did not have the handkerchief in my hand. Witness. I took it from his hand—150 or 200 persons collected in less than two minutes, and tried to rescue him from me—they got his coat off his back—if I had not called "Police" I do not know what would have happened—I did not say he had been trying to pick my pocket—he had got it wholly in his hand—he told the Lord Mayor that I put it into his hand.





EDWARD SPALL
 (City police-constable, No. 672.) I took the prisoner into custody—I found a great number of people about him—some parties were attempting to rescue him, when I first went up—his coat was off his back—the prosecutor had got him by his neckerchief, with his left hand, and his own handkerchief in his right, which he said he had taken out of the prisoner's hand.

Prisoner's Defence. The persons took my coat off my back, but it was unknown to me, and they hallooed out that 1 was not the lad; that was why they tried to rescue me, I suppose.





HENRY SOLOMONS
. I am a general dealer, and live in Bell-lane, Spitalfields, I never knew the prisoner before. Last Thursday evening, as I was coming home, I saw a crowd of persons in Petticoat-lane, and heard a cry for a policeman—I went up, and saw the prosecutor having hold of the prisoner—I heard the people say he was not the man, he was not guilty, that three boys who had run away were the thieves that took the handkerchief—the prosecutor answered, "No, he is the man"—I did not see the three boys.





SOLOMON DAVIS
. I live in Petticoat-lane, up a second pair. I heard a row, and thought it was a fight—I heard a call for a policeman, and heard all the people say to the gentleman he was not the man—I did not see three boys.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.

