



2712. 




JOHN HENRY MORGAN
 was again indicted

 for feloniously uttering, on the 
26th of July, a forged bill of exchange for the payment of 43l. 10s., with intent to defraud 



Thomas Renwick.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS RENWICK
. I am a wine-merchant, and live in Rood-lane—I have known the prisoner about twelve or fifteen months. He came to my house about the 26th of July—he brought me this bill of exchange for 43l. 10s.—(looking at it)—he asked me if I would lend him some money on it, as he had got some workmen to pay—I knew that he was opening a public-house—he and his father jointly, I believe—I advanced him 15l. on the bill—I asked him to indorse it—he said he had rather not indorse it, as the bill had been lent to him for a week, and he borrowed this money of me for a week—the acceptance to this bill is "William Hart, King's Arms, Bishopsgate-street, City"—he also wanted a quarter-cask of port wine, and I gave him a transfer for it—that came to 4l. 10s.—I took an I O U of him, which I have here—that was all that passed at that time—about ten days after I saw him again—I said I hoped there was no irregularity about that bill—he said, if I would only allow it to remain a little while, he would pay me the money that I had advanced him, and I agreed to hold it—I held it till the 13th of August, and then I gave it to Barton, the police-inspector—before that I received a note from the prisoner—this is it—I cannot say when I received it, but I suppose on the day it is dated—it is the prisoner's handwriting, I believe—I have seen him write.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q.Do you believe this letter to be his writing? A. Yes—I knew he was going to open a house in Mile End-road,

and he had work-people about there—he gave me an I O U for the money and for the quarter-cask of wine—the money was to be returned in a week—I believe I should have been paid if he had not got into these difficulties—I know he was trying to raise 200l. on the lease of his house.
(Letter read.)—"Saturday morning, August 20th.—Dear Renwick, the time I require is till Monday, three o'clock, when, without fail, you may depend on receiving 20l. certain; perhaps more, but not less than 20l., your kindness and indulgence I shall ever feel grateful for; you will see that this promise shall be kept. Your consent, by bearer, will relieve me much—I will run up to the Conduit this evening. Believe me yours truly and ever grateful, J. H. MORGAN."





WILLIAM BARTON
. I am a police-inspector. I received this bill from Mr. Renwick on the 30th of August, with this I 0 U attached to it.
(Bill read.)—"London, 26th July, 1842. Two months after date, pay to my order 43l. 10s., value received. JOHN MAYHEW. "To Mr. William Hart, King's Arms, Bishopsgate street, City.
" Accepted, WILLIAM HART."





WILLIAM HART
. I was the landlord of the King's Arms, Bishopsgate-street, City, in July, but I have been out of it a few days. I have known the prisoner ten or twelve years—the signature to this bill is not my writing—I never authorised any person to put my acceptance to this bill.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you business with the prisoner from time to time? A. Yes—I never allowed him to put my name to any bill, nor, after he had done it, justified him in doing it—he had always acted very correctly in previous transactions with me.
(Mr. Woodland, a builder, in Princes-street, Bedford-row, Joseph Shackle, a police-inspector, and William John Banbury, an accountant, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Ten Years. (There was another indictment against the prisoner.)

Sixth Jury, before 


Edward Bullock, Esq.

