




492. 




JOHN FLYNN
 and 




JAMES SHAW



, staling 89lbs. weight of lead, value 11s., the goods of 



Edward Charles Austin, fixed to a building.—2nd COUNT, of 



Jonathan Lovelock; Flynn having been before convicted; to which


FLYNN pleaded 


GUILTY
, Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.






HENRY TODD
 (policeman, G 221.) On 23rd Dec., about nine o'clock at night, I went from the roof of 11, Baldwin's-gardens on to No. 7—I found both prisoners there, with some lead rolled up ready to take away—I said to Miles, "Oh, here they are!" and asked what they did there—they made no answer—I saw Flynn throw a knife away—Miles took him, I took Shaw—I took Shaw to the station—I went with Mr. Lovelock, next morning, on to the roof, and found the lead fitted with that on the roof exactly—it appeared to have been cut with a knife—I have cut off this piece of lead—it corresponds with the other.

Shaw. Q. You say you saw me and Flynn together, but I was on the other side of the roof? A. You were both close together, standing in the gutter, half a foot from where the lead was rolled from.






THOMAS MILES
 (policeman, G 65.) I was with Todd—I took Flynn—I directly saw a knife in his hand—he flung it towards No. 10—it was afterwards found there by Kirk—I took Flynn to the station.





WILLIAM KIRK
. I live at 11, Baldwin's-gardens. I followed the policemen on to the roof—I saw Flynn throw a knife away—it fell in No. 10. yard—I afterwards found it there—(produced.)





JONATHAN LOVELOCK
. I live at 7, Baldwin's-gardens. I was not at home when the prisoners were taken—I saw the lead compared, and am quite satisfied it was taken from there—there was lead missing, and it corresponded—I had missed a piece two nights before—I am tenant of the house.

Shaw's Defence. I heard a cry of "Fire!" and saw a woman and children hallooing out—the policeman came up with his staff out, which made me so frightened I could not speak.





HENRY TODD
 (re-examined.) I heard no cry of "Fire!"—if there had been, I must have heard of it.

SHAW—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—



Confined Twelve Months.,
