



602. 




PHILIP AUSTIN GUICHE
 was indicted

for feloniously forging and uttering a warrant and order for the payment of 50l., with intent to defraud 



Abraham Wildey Robarts and others.—Other COUNTS, stating his intent to be to defraud 



Robert Lindsay, and 



Richard Twining and others.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






EDWARD PARIS
. I am clerk to Richard Twining and others, bankers and tea-dealers, in the Strand. On the 10th of Jan. the prisoner came to the counting-house, and gave an order for some tea, which he said was for Captain Robert Lindsay—I wrote down what he said—this is the memorandum I made at the time, "Captain Robert Lindsay, Glenavon, Tairbach, Margan, Glamorganshire, South Wales"—when I had taken down the order he wished to pay for it, and gave me a 50l. cheque on Robarts and Co.—this is the cheque—the amount of the goods he ordered was 35l. 15s.—at the time he produced the cheque, he said he had other cheques, but this being nearer to

the amount of the bill, he paid me this—I asked him what change he would have—I do not exactly recollect what he wished to have—I made a communication to one of the principals of the house, and when I returned to the prisoner, I told him we could not give him change out of the draft, as we knew nothing of Captain Lindsay—we referred, and could find no order from him—the prisoner said he was going into Bishopsgate-street; that he had several commissions to execute for Captain Lindsay, and would get it changed—I told him, if he left the draft with us, we would send it to the bankers early next morning, and he could then call for the change about ten o'clock, or we would send it anywhere in town for him—he named Miss Webbers, No. 28, Nottingham-place, New-road, to the care of Mr. Penn, butler—the goods were to be sent to the care of Messrs. Vivian and Sons, Paul's-wharf—on the evening in question I gave the cheque, for safety, to another clerk, named Chalklin—I received it again from him next morning, and then, by Mr. Twining' sinstructions, gave it to Mr. Nash—I afterwards received some money from Mr. Nash—I put up the change, which was the difference between the 35l. odd and the 50l. cheque in a piece of paper—the prisoner did not come for the change—after having sealed it in an envelope, and directed it, I left it myself at No. 28, Nottingham-place, I saw a person named Penn there, and left it with him—the goods have been received back from the wharf, at which they were left—he came with, the cheque about half-past six o'clock, after banking hours.

Prisoner. Q. Can you positively swear I am the same person that entered your counting-house? A. I can say you are—I am sure of it—I have no doubt of it.
----CHALKLIN. I am in the employ of Messrs. Twining, tea-dealers, Strand. Mr. Paris handed me a cheque on Robarts and Co. for 50l. on the 10th of Jan.—I gave him back the same cheque in the morning—I believe this now produced to be the same.





CHARLES FREDERICK NASH
. I am in the service of Messrs. Twining. I received a cheque on Roberts for 50l. from Mr. Paris—I believe this to be the same cheque—I carried it, by his direction, on the next day, to the banking-house of Robarts and Curtis, and received payment for it—I was present the day before when the goods were bought, and this cheque given in payment—I cannot swear to the prisoner—I am nearly sure it was him, but not sufficient to swear it—I believe him to be the same person—I had not the dealing with him.

Prisoner. Q. Were you in the counting-house? A. Yes.





ROBERT MORRISS
. I am clerk in the banking-house of Abraham, Wildey, Robarts, and Co.—there are five partners. On the 11th of January this cheque was presented—I had some hesitation about it—I was not acquainted with Captain Lindsay's handwriting—I ultimately paid it by a 50l. note—our house has an account with Captain Robert Lindsay.





ROBERT LINDSAY
. I was formerly a captain in the East India service. I have a residence in Glamorganshire—it is called Glenarvon—Tairbach is the pott town, it is near Margan. The prisoner was in my service about two years and a half ago, for four or five months—while I was in Wales I paid him his wages, and on one occasion, to the best of my knowledge, I paid him by a cheque on Robarts and Curtis—I kept an account with them then, and have to the present time—he was going to London, and I think he asked for a cheque—this cheque is not my handwriting, nor was it written by my authority—I knew nothing at all about it till it was shown to me by the police—(looking at a cheque-book produced by Layland)—I do not remember ever having this book of cheques in my possession—it has not the same number as my

cheques bear—The number on the cheque in question is "A 725"—it is not my number—my number is in 5's—I do not exactly know—in the first part of July, 1842, I came out of the country—I did not about that time authorise anybody to get a book of blank cheques from Robarts and Curtis for me.

Prisoner. Q. Do you recollect paying me at the time I left; did I ask for a cheque? A. I cannot say positively—you had the cheque, to the best of my knowledge—I think you were going to London, and asked for the cheque—I have it down "cheque"—I know nothing of your handwriting.

MR. MORRISS
re-examined. The number stamped on Captain Lindsay's cheques is "A 725"—that is the number on this cheque—we did not refer to the register on this occasion—the number on this blank cheque-book is the same.





CAPTAIN LINDSAY

re-examined. I will explain that—I went to the banking-house, and asked for a cheque—I got a blank cheque—it was not out of my regular cheque-book—I believe it was the same number—I got it across the counter—the blank cheque I got that day is the same number as those in this book—I believe I received it in July or August before I left London, as I wanted some money to put into my pocket, I went to Robarts's, asked for a cheque, and filled it up for, I think, 30l. or 40l.—I got the money, and handed the cheque over to the clerk—to the best of my recollection, it had the number "725" on it—I will not be quite sure—it was not one of my own cheques—that one cheque was returned back in my bank-book, and, as far as I can remember, it was No. 725—I have referred to it since I heard of this case.





WILLIAM LAYLAND
 (police-constable F 100.) On the 14th of Jan. I was on duty in King-street, Covent-garden—I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and saw the prisoner running up the street, and a person after him—I stopped the prisoner, and took him into custody—he told me be lived at No. 1, Boltonrow, Piccadilly, at his master's house—I did not tell him the nature of the charge against him—it was mentioned in my presence by Mr. Ellis—something was said about a cheque—the prisoner said he bad a cheque-book in his box, in his master's kitchen—I went to No. 1, Bolton-row—I went into the kitchen—I found this cheque-book, not in a box, but in a table-drawer—I searched his box first, and not finding it there, I inquired of the servants if he had any other place—the servants opened the drawer, and there I found it.

Prisoner. Q. On your oath, did I tell you that I had any cheque-book, and give you directions where to find it? A. Yes.





JOHN PENN
. I am servant to Miss Webber, of No. 28, Nottingham-place. I remember a gentleman bringing a parcel—I believe it was Mr. Paris—I cannot exactly say the day—I had it in my possession about eight or ten days I think—it was sealed up—he told me it contained money—nobody ever called for it till I received some communication from the police—I received a letter from Captain Lindsay, directing me to take it to Robarts and Curtis's, which I did, and delivered it up there.





JOSEPH DYSON MORISON
. I am cashier in the house of Robarts and Co. I produce a register, in which is contained a list of all the cheque-books of our customers—on the 27th of July, 1842, I have an entry of a cheque-book being given out, "A 725, Captain Robert Lindsay"—each cheque-book has a number on them—the entry does not show the size of the cheque-book—they vary in thickness—the cheque-book now produced is one issued from our house—that contained fifty cheques when issued—Captain Lindsay had books of fifty cheques, as he did not draw many cheques—traders in the neighbourhood have larger books—(the cheque teas here read.)

Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing whatever of the cheque issued to Messrs.

Twining, and I have never seen it; Captain Lindsay is well acquainted with my handwriting, and he cannot say that it is my writing; Mr. Ridgway, my master, knows I was not out of his house on the night of the 10th, as there was company; I fully expected that he would be here; he sent me word that I need not take any trouble, for he would do whatever he could; Captain Lindsay knows my character, and the one he received with me.





CAPTAIN LINDSAY

re-examined. He behaved, as I thought, very well in my service, but since he left I find he was rather an eccentric and odd character, and all the family were very glad when he left.




GUILTY
of uttering.
Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
