



372. 




SAMUEL BUNDY WILLIAMS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
7th of August, 46 forks, value 61l.; 72 spoons, value 71l.; 1 tankard, value 16l.; 1 fish-slice, value 3l.; 1 wine-funnel, value 3l.; 1 muffineer, value 1l.; 1 knife, value 10s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 10s.; 1 tea-pot, value 16l.; 1 sugar-box, value 11l.; 1 saucepan, value 5s.; 1 milk-ever, value 3l.; 1 cruet-frame, value 6l.; and 2 cruets and tops, value 1l.; the goods of 




John Allen Giles, clerk.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





REV. JOHN ALLEN GILES
, CLERK, D. C. L. I live at Windlesham-hall, in Surrey. In May last I entered into an agreement with the prisoner to occupy my house at Windlesham—I have a copy of the agreement by which he became a tenant of Windlesham-hall, at the rate of 100l. for six months, or 200l. for twelve months—he took possession of it on the 5th of May—I deposited my plate in a cabinet in my library, in the prisoner's presence—it was a large high cabinet standing against the wall—there were about forty-six forks, seventy-six spoons, and the other articles mentioned in the indictment—I considered the whole of it to be worth about 200l., and there were two articles of presentation plate, which had my name in full length on them, which were also in the cabinet—I went abroad with my family, and returned in July—I then went to France again, and on my return, after some communication with the prisoner, I went down to Windlesham on the 13th of September—I found the prisoner and his family there—the prisoner said to me, "I am sorry to say an unpleasant circumstance has occurred, I observed some person had been attempting your cabinet, and I therefore thought it necessary to take out the plate—I sent it to London, and deposited it in the hand of a friend"—I had never given him the slightest authority whatever to take any of my plate and pawn it—I had communications with him from time to time on the subject of the plate—I afterwards found it at Mr. Kirwen's, a pawnbroker, in the Strand—it is here now.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. The prisoner is married? A.


Yes, some friends and relations of my family had known Mrs. Williams—it was very faintly pointed out to me that the prisoner's object was to establish some school, which I was surprised to see, by an advertisement in the paper, was to a greater extent than I had expected.





JAMES HENRY STEWARD
. I am assistant to Mr. Kirwen, a pawnbroker. I produce these articles of plate, which I received from the prisoner—the first articles were pawned on the 14th of June—about 110l. was advanced on the plate from time to time—they were pawned in the name of Windham—I think those pawned on the 14th of June, were taken out on the 28th of June, and repledged again on the 28th of August—they consisted of spoons and forks, a sauce-ladle and soup-ladle, which amounted to 40l.—no other articles were redeemed.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he pawn other things with you beside the plate? A. Yes, a diamond ring, worth about 24s. and a rifle gun, and a pair of pistols—he had redeemed 60l. worth of plate, and 4l. worth of other things—there have been no articles redeemed since the 28th of August.

REV. D. GILES
re-examined. These are my property certainly, and are part of what was put in the cabinet, and secured there, and which he told me he had carried away for safe custody—the two articles which had my name on them were still left there, and two or three small articles, not worth 10s.





GEORGE WESTON
 (police-sergeant F 6) I took the prisoner in charge in Picket-street, Strand—I went to his lodging and found a carpet-bag and four glasses belonging to a cruet-frame—I have got all the plate from the pawnbroker's.
(Mr. Ravenham, of Richmond, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.—


Transported for Seven Years.
