




60. 



THOMAS ROBERT MELLISH
 and 



JAMES DOUGLAS



 feloniously forging and uttering a receipt for 4l. 10s.; with intent to defraud.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






FREDERICK HALE THOMSON
. I am by profession a surgeon; I purchased a share in a patent for silvering glass; Mr. Varnish was my partner. In the autumn of 1849 I engaged the prisoner Hellish for the purpose of carrying out some views I had, some methods of making glass for the purpose of employing the silvering process—I had strong recommendations with him, and believed he understood perfectly the directing the making glass at Powell's glass-works—I knew nothing of engraving or staining glass, and Mellish was engaged to superintend that part of the arrangements, to overlook the men engaged in that portion of the business—there was an agreement in writing (The agreement was here produced by Mr. Cookney, the attesting witness; it was dated 26th Dec., 1849, between Messrs. Thomson and vanish and Thomas Robert Mellish, by which Mellish engaged to give his services to them in the business of silvering glass, they agreeing to pay him 6l. 6s. per week for the same as long as he continued to employ himself in the business eight hours a day)—after that agreement Mellish came and took the sole control and management of the glass-cutters and mounters—he engaged them, and paid them their wages; he arranged their rate of wages entirely—I never saw them until after they were in our employment, and I knew nothing of the rate of wages he engaged them for—I engaged Douglas at Mellish's particular desire, about April, 1850—he said he wanted a clerk to be under his care in his office, and he knew a most desirable young man for it in Birmingham, and he would send for him—he fixed the rate of wages that Douglas was to have, without reference to me; and when he had done that, he told me he had concluded the arrangement, and produced Douglas—I believe he told me the amount of Douglas's wages, but I do not recollect what the exact amount was—it was between 25s. and 30s. a week, but some months afterwards he raised his wages, I cannot speak positively—the premises where the work is carried on are in Wells-mews at the back of Berners-street, and the establishment

where the articles are sold is in Regent-street—the glass-cutters and mounters engaged by Mellish were placed by him in shops on the premises; and he employed, for various purposes, several outdoor workmen, who I did not even know by sight—I was not acquainted with the proper rate of wages for articles of that kind, and I engaged Mellish on that account—Douglas and Mellish had at first one office between them, with a large double desk, at which they sat side by side—some months afterwards an inner room was prepared by Mellish, what he called his own room; a large table was got, and it was fitted up as his private room—he had boxes made for the purpose of keeping the vouchers and bills in, as he said, when they were returned to him—I have frequently been through the room in which the double desk was when Douglas and Mellish were both there—I have done so daily, from July to Sept., but more frequently even than that—I used to go and see how the work was carried on—Mellish was continually at the desk, and Douglas likewise—I saw the wages-book constantly on Mellish's desk—he had the workmen's names entered in it, and the rate of wages—this is it (produced)—I have seen it daily on the double desk—it was the rule to enter in that book the amount of wages earned by the out-door servants, and the in-door likewise—my instructions to Mellish were, that as he undertook the sole management of the wages-book, and paying the wages, he should be answerable to me for the accounts and documents, which he undertook to be—I used generally to go up the first thing in the morning, and inquire how he was getting on, what return he was likely to have for the men, who were in considerable numbers at work, and what return the business was making—he invariably told me the business was going on most satisfactorily, be only wanted time to carry on the thing; and if I would leave the matter to him till the World's Fair opened, I should have ample remuneration for what we were doing; and I left it entirely to him—I have remarked to him that the accounts were very heavy, that a great expense weekly was incurred—he always said it was essential that such expenses should be incurred before returns could be expected, and I should be satisfied if I left it to him—I do not recollect that I spoke to him about the vouchers—I did not know of there being a couple of bills made out by the men who work out of doors, I knew nothing at all about it—I am speaking of the first period when Mellish was in my employ; the second period was after it was discovered that frauds had been committed—I had not been informed of the two bills, up to the time Douglas was given into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. MONTAGUS CHAMBERS. Q. You say you are a surgeon? A. Yes; I have been in considerable practice—I was very much engaged in professional business until I embarked in this silvering of glass—I then gave up my practice to a considerable extent, but was still engaged in it at 48, Berners-street, Oxford-street, closely adjacent to the premises—I made an agreement to carry out the patent with a man named Thomas Drayton, about Oct. 1848—I had commenced working the patent, and had silvered a great many things before I was introduced to Mr. Mellish—the cause of ray introduction to him was not some ink-bottles or inkstands being sent to me by Mr. Lund, of Fleet-street, it was my speaking to Mr. Powell, the owner of Whitefriars glass-works, telling him I wanted a man to carry out the silvering—that must have been in the summer of 1849—I recollect Mellish bringing some inkstands from Mr. Lund to be silvered; that was previous to my entering into a written agreement with him, but he had been with me a good deal in my silvering-room—I learned afterwards that a person had suggested the idea of silvering inkstands, and that Mr. Lund had an interest in the patent—I

did not learn from Mellish that Mr. Lund had made him a present of his interest—I have not silvered any ink-bottles myself of that construction; my first experiments with Mr. Lund's inkstands were perfectly successful, as far as the silvering went; they were perfectly silvered, but the ink being poured in upon it, took off the silver—Mellish did not invent the plan of a double glass—I took out a patent for that very purpose; that was not the patent in which I had purchased an interest in the first instance—I never knew Mellish make any experiments in putting the silver between two glasses, he took my directions to make glass suitable for my patent which I had been at work at months before I knew there was such a man as Mellish in the world; I hired him for the purpose of going to Powell's glass-works, and making hollow glass for the purpose of the patent which I had been at work at for months—the first patent in 1848, was for silvering glass and other surfaces—I got the second patent for introducing silver between two glasses, in Dec. 1849, two months after Mellish had worked for me—previous to getting out that patent, I had tried the experiment, and had shown it; it was perfectly well known—Mellish was engaged in making those experiments before I took out the patent—the inkstands sent by Mr. Lund were not with a double hollow—I do not remember that a second set of inkstands were sent by Mr. Lund when the silver was introduced between two plates of glass so as to prevent the operation of the ink—Mr. Varnish was the active man, and looked after the mercantile part, but had nothing to do with the silvering, he knew nothing about it—I knew something about it; I was the only person who did, I patented it—I suggested after conversing with Mr. Varnish, that we should take out a second patent to protect the silver entirely, by hermetically sealing it from the atmosphere, introducing it between two coatings of glass; but I want to explain to the Court, if I were to take this inkstand, silver it, and then drop this little glass-holder into it, it would be an inkstand silvered between two coatings of glass, but that is totally distinct—preventing the air from getting to it is what I call hermetically sealing it—I took out a third patent in the conclusion of 1850, in my name, and that of Mellish—it was for improvements in staining and cutting glass for the purpose of silvering cutting it in a peculiar manner—I did not make articles under that patent—I am not aware that any were in the Exhibition. I exhibited some articles of double hollow work of every description—Mr. Deane has got the list of articles exhibited from our firm—Mellish had no joint-interest in any manufacture connected with the silvering of glass, that I am aware of; it was never carried out—I saw the patent that I and Mellish took out; the agent who took it out for us was Mr. Cartmell—I believe I and Mellish saw him previous to taking it out; we asked him his opinion; it was in the autumn of 1850—I cannot swear which of us described the patent to Mr. Cartmell, it was taken out conjointly—it was described as a patent for cutting, staining, silvering, and fixing articles of glass—I cannot speak to the very words—I believe I understood the invention thoroughly when I went to Mr. Cartmell—I thought I did at the time—I had gone through the matter myself—I do not know that anybody told me what it was—I swear Mellish did not tell me the whole process, he might have suggested some portion of it, and I believe he did; he suggested some portion of the cutting, as a practical man—he had not been engaged in the silvering of glass for eighteen months; he had nothing to do with the scientific part—I did not direct Mr. Cookney to draw up a paper and present it for the signature of Mellish; the matter was talked over by Mellish, myself, and Mr. Cookney, but I am not aware that I gave any special instructions on the subject—Mr. Cookney did draw up a

paper for Mellish to sign after I bad got the last patent; Mellisb refused to sign it—I did not tear it op, I believe it is in Mellish's possession—I did not present it to him, I cannot say whether Mr. Cookney did—Mellish eventually refused to me to resign his interest in that patent, after telling me two or three times that he would—I was present when the agreement was presented to him, but whether it was tendered to him to sign, I do not know—I was not present when it was thrown on the fire—I did not say I had thrown it on the fire—it was about the spring of 1851 that he refused to relinquish his interest in the patent; it was at Berners-street—I think it was in May this year that he left my service, about a month or six weeks after he had refused to relinquish his interest—after he bad refused to sign a paper, in Berners-street, I believe another paper was drawn up for him to sign—I really do not recollect whether that was presented to him for signature, or whether be refused to sign it—I do not remember being present when it was presented to him—I believe a second was presented two or three weeks before he was discharged—the second paper was not prepared with a view of my taking Mr. Cookney in as a partner in that patent, not that I am aware of; no such understanding ever came to my knowledge—Mr. Cookney had an interest in the glass silvering long before that patent—I never made any proposal to take him in as a partner in the patent which I and Mellish had taken out; but I believe it was understood thus, that as he had an interest in the patent of the silvering, he must have an interest in the patent now—it was not proposed that Mellish should relinquish his interest in the patent of Thomson and Mellish, and that Cookney should be introduced—it was not arranged that as soon as Mellish relinquished his interest, Cookney should be a partner; I know nothing of it—Cookney had an interest in it previous to the two prisoners being taken up—I never heard of its being proposed that when Mellish relinquished his interest, Cookney should become a partner in Mellish and Thomson's patent—it was not proposed that Cookney should come in at all—it had long before 1851 been understood that if a partnership was drawn up, that Mr. Cookney's name would be included with mine, and Mr. Varnish's—I never heard that it was proposed in 1851, that we three should become partners and get the relinquishment of Mellish's right in the patent of Mellish and Thomson—Mr. Lund has two shops, one in Fleet-street, and the other in Cornhill—he spoke very well of Mellish to me—he said he had known him some considerable time, and he was a very painstaking man—Mr. Powell, of Whitefriars glass-works, recommended him to me as a man who would carry out what I wanted—I do not know where Mellish lived at the time be entered my service in Oct.—I believe he had workshops in Great Portland-street at the time he first came to me—I have been to them two or three times—I believe he continued to have them the whole time he was with us, and that was one of the grievances why I wished to part with him—I never went there latterly—I understood that workmen were sent by him from the one house to the other—I do not know how many workmen he had; at one time he had between thirty and forty on the premises at Berners-street—I am not speaking with certainty—there was not a steam-engine erected—he brought a great quantity of machinery when he came into my service, and put it up at my expense—he afterwards employed a carpenter to erect some machinery for the glass-cutters, Mellish attended to the account!—a shop was also taken, and Mrs. Mellish was sent there to keep it—I really do not know exactly when that was—Mellish and his wife managed the shop—it was not me that made that arrangement; Mr. Varnish, I believe, can tell you all about it—the shop was kept in the name of Mrs. Mellish—I used

to send glass there invoiced to her, and she and some assistants attended to keeping the accounts and selling the goods at the Regents-street shop—Mellish lived there, he went there in the evening—I do not know that when he undertook that his wife should go there on my account that he relinquished his residence in Great Portland-street, and sold off his furniture—the real accountant in the business was Mr. Deane, Mr. Varnish attended to the mercantile part, he went to mercantile men about the shipping and the sales—Mellish regulated the cost and selling-price of the goods; he put a profit on as the selling price, that all belonged to his department; I believe he consulted with Mr. Varnish on the subject—I do not recollect his going three times to Paris in our service—he was absent a fortnight in Paris once, I believe—I cannot say whether he went twice or three times, I believe he went twice, I am uncertain about three times—he was absent about a fortnight each time—Mr. Varnish was with him once, I believe—Mr. Deane, the accountant, kept the books in Berners-street—I cannot positively swear that I know the cost-price book when I see it, I believe I do—the books were not in my department, and I did not examine them—I believe I can tell the sale-price book when I see it—I must have looked into the books—I am convinced that I did occasionally—I can swear I looked into the book where the entries were made of goods that went abroad to different people—that was during the eighteen months Mellish was with me—there are so many books that I cannot say whether that was the only one I looked into—it does not belong to my department to look into the books, mine is the scientific department—Mr. Varnish conducted the commercial department, assisted by the clerk—it was not my duty to examine the books till I discovered the frauds—it was about four or five months after Mellish left that I caused Douglas to be taken into custody—I swear I heard Mellish say he wanted a clerk—I believe Mr. Varnish was present—I am not aware that Mellish was in ill health from his attention and labour at the time Douglas came—I am not aware that he had worked for us continually, day and night, and that his health was affected—it was not proposed then by me and Mr. Varnish that he should have assistance, not in that department—I will not swear it was not said to Mellish—I am not aware of it—I am not prepared to swear that I proposed it, or that I did not—Mellish proposed Douglas as his clerk—I had not proposed that he should have assistance, not as a clerk—I should say Mr. Varnish was present when Mellish spoke about Douglas; I do not positively recollect, but he was there every day—it was at Berners-street that Mellish mentioned it—I cannot recollect in what room—I suppose it must have occurred in my library, or in Mellish's room—I believe it must have been in my library, that is my impression—I cannot say whether it was night or day, it was some weeks before Douglas came—I left it to Mellish to make inquiries as to who Douglas was, and I believe Mr. Varnish left it to him—I think. Mrs. Mellish was keeping the shop at the time Douglas was spoken of, but upon my word I cannot be positive on that point—I do not recollect having a conversation with Mellish about his health, about May, 1851, just before he went away—I do not remember his saying he did not feel inclined to sacrifice his own and his wife's health any longer by remaining—I cannot swear distinctly that he did not—I believe just before he went he desired me to send some person to take charge of the stock in Regent-street, on the following Monday morning; in consequence of which Mr. Varnish and Mr. Deane sent somebody to take charge of the stock in Regent-street—I believe that conversation was at Berner's-street—I believe his wife left on the following Monday—I do not know the exact day, for I did not go near the

place; Mr. Dean and Mr. Varnish were the persons—I know they left about that time, but I cannot say it was on a Monday.

Q. Was the wife ever paid for her services for keeping that shop in her own name, and having the goods invoiced to her? A. She was paid by having the house-rent free, and coals and candles—I do not know that they had removed their goods on the Saturday from Regent-street to a lodging in Great Portland-street—I do not recollect going to Regent-street on the Saturday previous to the Monday; I know Mr. Varnish did—I do not recollect hearing him say, "Well, Mellish, then you have made up your mind to go?"—I will not swear I was not at Regent-street with Mr. Varnish when he said so—I do not remember hearing Mr. Mellish say, "Yes, people are better parted that cannot agree"—I do not remember Mellish saying to me, "Mr. Thomson, have you anything more to say?"—I remember no conversation of the sort—I do not recollect being there on the Saturday before Mellish left with Mr. Varnish, or being there that day at all—I do not recollect anything at all on that Saturday—I did not see the scattered furniture of Mr. Mellish, nor did I say, "This looks shocking"—I did not hear Mellish say in my presence, "If it shocks you, what must those feel who have suffered so much by their connection with the business?"—before Mellish left, I had a conversation with Douglas about Mellish's patterns (Mellish used to draw the patterns for the glass)—I may have said to Douglas, that now Mellish was going, he would see a great improvement in the patterns; I do not remember it—I spoke continually to Douglas, of course—I have no doubt I said there would be an improvement—I am not aware that Mellish said, "If so, you shall begin afresh for yourself, and shall not have my patterns (or sketches) to work with," and throw them into the fire—to the best of my belief nothing of the kind passed—nothing certainly was said about Mellish's patterns; they were not his, they were mine, and if he had thrown them into the fire I should have given him into custody—I afterwards improved upon those patterns very much indeed—I said, three weeks before be went, that I should have a scientific person to improve the work, and that he was incapable of it—it was one of the great causes of his leaving, that I required a higher person to carry out the thing in a higher grade of art—I believe that might have been after his refusal to sign either of the papers—persons did not pass through his private room to go the workshop, only through the office where the double desk was—I occasionally went into his private office—persons used to see him there and in the office—he used to be attending to the workmen during the day, continually—he occasionally worked, with his own hands, some of the finishing, in a very slight degree—I never saw him in a working-dress—one of the artists worked in that private room for a few weeks before Mellish left—he placed him there—I believe a carpenter on the premises made the boxes for Mellish—he told me he had had them made to keep the bills and vouchers in—that was months before he left me—they were left behind when he went, and Douglas took charge of them—Dean came in the spring of 1850, some time after Mellish had been there—before that, Mr. Varnish used to do the business of the accountant—he hired Dean by my consent—Mr. Varnish directed the office business—I used continually to go into the room where the double desk was, to see the work as it progressed, day by day, under Mellish, to see what quantity was done—as the workmen finished it, they brought it to Mellish—Mellish had a large mahogany table, with drawers in it, in his private room—he was very frequently at the double desk—I saw him examining books in which diagrams and patterns were kept, and the wages book—those were the

only two books I saw—I first looked into the wages book when it was first established, which was in the beginning of 1850, soon after Douglas came.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Was Douglas a clerk under Mellish? A. Yes; he was entirely under his control and direction—it was Douglas's duty to obey implicitly any directions Mellish gave him; he had no option—he had 25s. or 30s. a week at first, and afterwards Mellish raised him to 35s.—Dean, the cashier, was under the control of the firm, Mr. Varnish especially—I believe the cashier gave the money weekly to Douglas to pay the men—it was Mellish's duty to see that the vouchers for the wages were correct; that was what he was hired for—Mellish purchased glass for us at Messrs. Powell's, the large glass-dealers.

Q. Do you know that Mr. Douglas, by any steps he took, was the means of reducing your expenditure at all? A. I know he has checked Powell's bills, and after Mellish left he did the same, and he reduced the bills certainly—we dealt in a small way with a person named Sago—I cannot say whether or not that it was at Douglas's suggestion, that we should save a considerable percentage, but we did get some things there, and saved a considerable percentage—I do not know that we got them seventy per cent below the price we were paying Powell's, but it was considerably less—Douglas had no authority to reduce the expenditure while he was under Mellish; but after Mellish left, I remember an instance of his checking a bill of Powell's, when there was a mistake of 20l., and it was immediately allowed, and I believe he was the means of reducing other expenditures after Mellish left.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. The first agreement, do you know anything about the destruction of that, or is it still in Mellish's custody, as far as you know? A. I know nothing about it; I believe it is in his custody entirely, and I believe a copy of the second agreement proposed is in Mellish's possession, and a copy in Mr. Dean's—Mellish was discharged a few weeks after that last negotiation; and when he had been discharged four or five months, we gave Douglas into custody—that had nothing on earth to do with Mellith—at that time we did not at all contemplate giving Mellish into custody; but a few days afterwards one of my assistants brought me some bills, with Mellish's initials to them, which I found had been altered to a very great extent before they were paid; and after that we gave Mellish into custody—we had not the most remote intention of doing so before—the papers were vouchers of accounts which had been altered—I gave Douglas into custody after receiving a letter, which I have got, and after examining the books—the expenses which Douglas saved us were all after Mellish bad left—he did not save any, to my knowledge, before Mellish left—the firm paid the expense of putting up the machinery, and also of the journeys to Paris—the patterns belonged to the firm—he did not bring them with him when he came—they were drawn in the office, after he came into our service.





WILLIAM BENSON LEE
. I am an engraver on glass, and live in James-street, Kennington. I know Mellish, and have known him fifteen or sixteen years—I formerly worked at Mercian's, the pencil-case makers, not on the premises—I lived in the country then—at the time I worked for them, Mellish was a traveller for the house—that is more than twelve years ago—in consequence of something I heard with reference to Messrs. Thomson's establishment, in Berners-street, about two years ago, I went to the premises in Wells-street—I there saw Mellish, and he employed me to work for the prosecutors—Mellish arranged the price of the work that I was to be paid—I never saw Mr. Thompson on the matter until this job happened—when I did

the work I took the bill in with it, and was paid—I only took one bill in, but I signed another, which was made out for me afterwards—I was asked to do so by Mr. Mellish, and Douglas as well—I believed it to be the system of the firm—I believe Douglas made out the second bill upon every occasion—I expected it was the system of the firm to have one to remain in one room, and the other to go to the counting-house—the other remained with Mr. Mellish, I expected, but I knew nothing of their arrangements—Mr. Mellish gave me directions to make oat two bills; I cannot say when—I have not done any work for the firm for above a year—it was upon each occasion for about three months, or something of the kind, which was about the extent of the time I worked for the firm—on 14th Sept., 1850, I carried in an account to Wells-street—this produced is it—it is for 1l.—if this was the last account, it was delivered by my son to Mr. Mellish—I went on Monday, and Mr. Douglas paid me the money—this account is in my writing—it is dated 14th Sept.—I had no further demand on the firm on 14th Sept. but that pound—when I went on the 16th to Wells-street, I saw Douglas in his office, where the desk was—I went up the steps on the outside—Douglas told me that Mr. Mellish said the work was not done as it ought to be, and he would not pay me for it—Douglas said he would willingly pay me, but I had better go and see Mr. Mellish—I then went to Regent-street, to see Mr. Mellish—I saw Mrs. Mellish, but not Mr. Mellish—I did not see Mr. Mellish at all on the subject matter of that account—I returned to Wells-street, and saw Douglas—I asked him to go and fetch the pattern he had shown me, and compare mine with his, and say which was the better—he said certainly he must say mine was, but Mr. Mellish said it was bad, and he had no voice in it—Douglas paid me that pound—before he paid me, I signed a second account, besides the one I had brought with me—that was at Douglas's request—the signature to this account for 4l. 10s. is mine, but when I signed it it was for 1l. only—that second account does not contain the items—I did not write the second account; it was written for me, and I signed it—after signing it I delivered it to Douglas—I first saw it was for 4l. 10s. at Messrs. Thompson and Varnish's manufactory, seven or eight weeks ago—the initials "T. R. M." are upon this account—they were not there when I signed it—I never authorised Douglas, or anybody else, to alter that account from 1l. to 4l. 10s., nor was I aware there bad been any such alteration made until I saw it, seven or eight weeks ago, at Messrs. Thompson's—I never received any such money—I never received more than li. at any time—that was the greatest amount I ever received from them at any time—I received 1l. on two occasions, and never more than that—this account of 30th July, 1850, for 8s., is in my writing—I took that to Wells-street—I took all the others but the last one, and I saw Mr. Mellish and Mr. Douglas on all other occasions—I was paid 8s. on that occasion—the prisoners were both present at the time I was paid—I also signed this second account—it was then for 8s.—it is Douglas's writing—I signed it the same as on all occasions; it was put before me, and I signed it—I cannot say either the one or the other requested me to do so—Mr. Mellish was present when I signed it—it is now an account for 2l. 18s.—there are the same initials to this account as the former one—they were not there at the time I signed it—I never received any other sum than 8s. in respect of that account, either at the time I was paid, or at any subsequent time—I delivered these two accounts to Douglas, in Mellish's presence—this account of 17th July, for 1l., is in my writing, and signed by me—I handed it to Mr. Douglas or Mr. Mellisb, I cannot say which; they were both there—this second account was prepared

for me by Douglas on that occasion, which I signed—it was then for 1l.—it is now for 4l. 10s.—I never received more than 1l. in respect of that transaction, or ever claimed more—the same initials are on that account, and also two that I never saw before—Mr. Dean's is one—these initials, "T. R. M." were not there when I signed it—on 19th July, 1850, I carried this other account to the firm—it is for 8s.—it is in my writing—here is a second account, in Douglas's writing—I signed that—it was then for 8s.—it is now 2l. 18s.—that account has no initials on it, except Mr. Deane's—I never claimed or received more than 8s. in respect of that account—on 27th July I carried iq this account for 10s., in my writing—Mr. Mellish and Douglas were present when I presented it—I signed a second account on that occasion—this is it—it was for 10s. when I signed it—it is now 2l. 10s.—that was prepared by Douglas—I received my money in the presence of Mellish and Douglas—I never authorized anybody to alter that account in my name to 2l. 10s., nor did I claim or receive more than 10s. upon it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. As far as you know, had Mr. Mellish the control of the business there? A. Yes; I know nothing as to whether he was a partner in the firm—I was not led to any idea that he was, or was not; he appeared to have the general control and management; for what I knew he might have been a partner—I had known him for some years—I did not know him in reference to this business, until I heard they were busy, and applied for work—he had not, to my knowledge, been previously connected with the trade—I had not known Douglas at all before he was there—I am not a Birmingham man.
Q. Are you at all aware of this circumstance, that at times when certain workmen have been employed, and either gone away from illness, or others substituted for them, that the wages have been entered to the names of the first men that were employed? A. No; I know nothing of that—I worked out of doors—I never worked on the premises.

MR. THOMPSON
re-examined. The initials, "T. R. M." on the second of each of these three accounts of 14th Sept., 30th July, and 17th Aug., are Mellish's writing—I am well acquainted with his writing—I have seen a great many bills.





BENJAMIN DEAN
. I am clerk and cashier to the prosecutor—I became so after Mellish was employed—it was my duty as cashier to pay the amount of money necessary for the wages—for the purpose of ascertaining the amount that would be required, a wages book was produced to me; it was the custom to have the wages book produced; this is it (produced)—Douglas was in the habit of producing that book to me; he paid all the workmen—this book includes both the in-door and out-door workmen; Douglas paid them both; I gave him the money to pay with—the book was handed to me after the money was given—I gave the money on Saturday, and the book was produced on the Monday or Tuesday probably—it is in Douglas's writing—I suppose it would be Mellish's duty as general manager to look over it, and see that the men were paid properly—I have never seen him looking over the book—I sat in another office, in a different part of the building—the book was produced to me with vouchers; the receipts from the different persons—(looking at the receipts produced)I find here a receipt for 4l. 10s. on 16th Sept.—I can tell that that was produced to me; it has my initials on it; it also has Mellish's initials to the best of my knowledge: that is to certify that the voucher is correct—I should not have passed it without his initials after July or Aug., '50—previous to that time, the accounts came up I thought rather loosely; and either Mr. Thompson ordered the initials, or it was done at my

suggestion; I cannot now recollect which, but for regularity's sake, I said I would rather the manager signed them first—I cannot recollect whether I said so to Mellish; but after a particular period I would not pass the bills without those initials, without inquiry—that 4l. 10l. is entered in the book as paid—I have seen all these receipts, except the one of 30th July for 2l. 18s. that has not passed through my hands, or it would have the folio of the wages book upon it, which it is my habit to put—I find in the wages book the sum of 4l. 10s., entered on 16th Sept., in Douglas's writing—it is charged as having been paid to Lee—on 17th Aug., I find 4l. 10s. charged as having been paid to Lee; and on 27th July 2l. 10s., all in Douglas's writing—on 19th July, 2l. 18s. is charged, as paid to Lee—I "do not find 2l. 18s. on 80th July entered in the wages book—I am not able to point out that item—the other items were paid by me to Douglas included in a lump sum—I never saw any of these other bills for the smaller amounts; the only vouchers produced to me contained the altered amounts.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBBRS. Q. Are you the accountant to the firm now? A. I am: I first became so at the beginning of April, 1850; there was no accountant previously, I believe—I believe one of the partners had acted as such; I occasionally used to sign vouchers—I did not put my initials against any vouchers or bills, except as to their examination, not as to their correctness, only in comparing the bill with the book—if Douglas brought me a bill not vouched by Mellish, I should return it, and ask why it was not so—there are two accounts here which do not bear Mellish's initials—they have been passed and paid by me; my initials are upon them, as having passed them—one is dated 19th July, and the other 27th July,'50—I put my initials to them, because they agreed with the wages book which Douglas brought to me; finding they agreed with that, I put my initials—I cannot recollect the circumstance of passing these two, or when I paid them—I have no recollection of having done it—I have put my initials to several others which had not Mellish's initials, previous to a certain date, upon finding that it agreed with this book—I put my initials for my own satisfaction, to vouch that it was a correct payment, as represented by Douglas, that it agreed with the book—if I had had any idea that there was anything wrong in the representation, or in the book, I should certainly not have put my initials to the vouchers—I did not keep that set of vouchers in the counting-house; when I had looked at them, and compared them with the book; I returned them in the book—in consequence of the irregular way in which the accounts had been kept, a new arrangement was made somewhere about July or Aug., 1850—I did not keep or attend to the cost-price book—Mr. Mellish did, and the sale-price book also—those books are here—I have not looked at them lately; it is not my business to look at them; I have seen them, but not examined them; they were left behind when Mellish left the service—I do not know enough of the business to know how the entries are made in the cost-price book—I should think the mode of doing it is, to know the cost of the labour, and what has been paid—I cannot recollect who was present when the new arrangement was made about July; I cannot recollect the circumstances of it; I have tried to do so.

Q. Was it not arranged that Mr. Mellish should have a set of detailed accounts, so as to make out the cost-price book? A. Yes, they were kept back for that purpose, I believe—he kept back one set of the detailed accounts to make out his cost-price book.

COURT. Q. I do not quite understand this; what was to be kept back?


A. One copy for the price-book; I believe the arrangement was, that two sets of Touchers were to be mode out, one a detailed account.

MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Was not Mr. Mellish to have the detailed account to make out the cost-price book? A. That was what he kept the account back for—there was a detailed account, and a bill delivered.

COURT. Q. Was it pursuant to an arrangement made on behalf of the firm, that there should be two sets of documents kept for every workman's bill, a detailed account, and a general account? A. That was Mr. Mellish's arrangement.

MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Was it in July that Mr. Mellish made that arrangement? A. Either July or Aug.—he said he was to keep back one of those accounts, for the purpose of making out the cost-price book—one of the accounts was handed to me as a voucher—the one in a lump sum was sent to me—I believe this small account is a detailed account, such as it was arranged Mellish should have delivered to him.

Q. Is not the other one that has had the figures altered the general account, which it was arranged should be delivered to Douglas to pay on? A. it was the arrangement of Mr. Mellish; he stated that he would do it in July—I always received the general accounts from Douglas in settling the books with him from the commencement—the double accounts were put there before that time; it was only regarding the initials I spoke.

COURT. Q. How early were the double accounts? A. I think almost from the first commencement of my term—the double account was not an arrangement made in July or Aug., that was merely the initials to be put on.

MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Then from your first coming was that the course of business? A. I believe so, from the beginning—the only alteration made in July was, that Mellish was to put his initials to the general account to certify its correctness—Douglas used to bring me the book with these general accounts; I used to look at them to see that they tallied with the book, and then return the book with them in it to him—Mellish had the general management—the moneys I gave Douglas I considered were sent to Mellish—he received his own wages from me.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY
Q. You say that Douglas was the person to whom you delivered the money, is that so? A. Yes, on account of Mr. Mellish; on account of that department which was under Mr. Mellish's control and management—I treated Douglas as Mr. Mellish's clerk—I used to apply to Douglas on the Thursday and Friday, to know what money would be required for the wages for out door-work on Saturday, in order to make up my accounts; and what I call the lump amount was the whole amount that was required—here is the entry in the wages book of Lees, 4l. 10s. on, 14th Sept. (pointing it out)—I believe this is in Douglas's handwriting—all the entries are in his writing—this entry is dated 21st Sept. here, which was the Saturday; the wages were always paid on the Saturday—this contains the wages of the prior week—I could not tell the exact amount I paid Douglas in a lump, on that occasion; perhaps it might be 50l. or 60l. that week—there are a great many entries on 21st Sept., relating to the wages of the week ending on that day—there may be thirty-five or thirty-six entries on that day—I gave the money to Douglas in a lump, and he furnished me with a written memorandum, or I O U for the lump sum—that was destroyed on the Monday when he made his book up—he would sometimes have a balance to pay back to me out of the lump sum; that would depend upon the amount made up in the book—I did not examine the vouchers

before I gave him the lump sum—I did not get the vouchers till the following week—Douglas did not give me forty, fifty, or sixty vouchers at a time; perhaps there would not be above half-a-dozen of these vouchers in a week—these are out-door accounts—I had no vouchers for the men's wages, except the book—I have never been present at the payment of the wages—my office was in the same establishment, but in front of the house—I had the entire control of the cash—it was not to me that Douglas pointed out an error of 20l., as against my masters—he has never pointed out any errors to me—I was not under Mr. Mellish's control at all—I did not retain the vouchers—they were returned back to that department in the book, to Mellish, I consider—they were delivered to Douglas as Mellish's clerk—I am aware that from time to time advances have been made to the men out of the ordinary payments—there used to be a certain sum of money advanced on the Wednesday for that purpose, and then on the Saturday we made up the full lump sum—I advanced that sum on the Wednesday to Douglas, to be advanced to the men as a portion of the Saturday's moneys—it was 10l. or 15l., or something of that sort—I took an I O U from Douglas for it, which was afterwards destroyed.
Q. Do you know whether Mellish has ordered money to be paid to the workmen by way of bonus sometimes? A. I see by the wages book that gratuities have been paid to the workmen from time to time; I believe by Mellish's order—those gratuities came into the wages book—we employ a number of men from week to week—some of the men would sometimes go off work from illness, or other causes.

Q. Have you known when that has been the case, and men have supplied their place, that the wages were entered to the names of the men gone off work? A. The wages of the men have been entered to the names of the men, during the time of their absence—if four men went off and four others came on, I never noticed that the wages were entered to the names of the four men that had gone off work; that has not occurred to my knowledge; I have not heard of anything of the kind—I do not know that Douglas has been in the habit of advancing wages to the men himself, nor that Mellish has—after Mellish had left, I remember Douglas calling my attention to deductions in Powell's account; I do not recollect to what amount, some-where about 20l.—there was a mistake of that sort—if he bad not called my attention to it, I should have paid it; not to him, but to Powell's—it was an overcharge—he could not have got the money, it would be paid direct from me to Powell—he has not, to my recollection, called my attention to any other errors as against my employers—I confine my attention solely to the cash and the books.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You have been asked about arrangements, did you know of anything, in the nature of an arrangement, either about the two accounts, or in respect of the mode of keeping them, except what Mellish himself told yon? A. Certainly not—when I spoke of an arrangement, I meant what Mellish told me he should do—it was Mellish's duty to tee that the accounts that were brought to me by Douglas, were correct before Douglas brought them.

COURT. Q. What was said, and by whom, as to the initials being put to the accounts before they were paid; you say after July and Aug., you would not have paid unless Mellish's initials had been put on the bills? A. Yet, for regularity's sake—something was said by me to Mellish on the subject—I cannot recollect what, or whether it was by Mr. Thompson, or myself, it

was said by one or the other—it was explained to Mellisb, that it was for for the purpose of ascertaining the correctness of the accounts.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was there any person to your knowledge, whose duty it was to see that the accounts Douglas submitted to you were correct, before Douglas brought them? A. Yes, Mellish—that was his duty at all times, both before and after July, hut after July he was required to put his initials indicative of it—I know nothing on the subject of gratuities, except what appears in the wages book—if Mellish paid gratuities, I should not inquire about them, I had no means of knowing whether Mellish or Douglas had paid them, except from what appears in the wages book—I never inquired how it happened—my duty was merely to see that they were in the wages book—I know nothing of absent workmen being substituted by others—I always paid Mellish his wages, six guineas a week.





EDWARD VARNISH
. I live at Hyde-park-villas South Kensington.
I was at one time in partnership with Mr. Frederick Halle Thomson—I was present when Mellish was engaged—I know of the agreement which was afterwards entered into—Dean came some time after Mellish was engaged—I think a wages book was had then, for the first time—I am not aware of one before—I have seen Mellish, both at the desk and table—I think I have seen the wages book there, when Mellish has been there—I have earnestly and anxiously inquired into it, and have very little doubt I have seen him with the wages book—I have a doubt about it—I think that it was Mellish's duty decidedly to see that the wages were correctly entered in the wages book, because he stipulated to have the whole and sole control over that department—he has not said anything about my interference; he has as to Mr. Thomson, he said he had no business with the workmen (the glass cutters), if he had any questions to ask he ought to ask them of him, Mellish, and not of the men, and said, "If I find you interfering with my men any more I will throw up my situation"—they were all in-door men—I have seen Mellish at times with a pencil in his hand, at the desk, drawing different patterns, such as were required in the business—I am not positive whether I have seen him with any book before him.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. On many occasions has he had quarrels with Mr. Thomson, or only once? A. Two or three times—I recollect Mr. Thomson had some machinery erected in the fore part of the house where Mellish had no connection, but he accidentally went up and saw it, and complained of its being a breach of the engagement with him, in giving him the sole control of the business—that was about six weeks or two months before Mellish left; he left early in May—I had just joined Mr. Thomson in partnership when Mellish came—Mr. Thomson was in treaty with him when I entered into partnership, and concluded it afterwards—Mr. Cookney was in partnership with us at the same time that was about 15th Oct, or thereabouts, in 1849—Mr. Cookney is an attorney—I knew of the patent being taken out by Thomson and Mellish together; Mellish as our servant proposed that a certain patent should be taken out; I think it was in my name—I can hardly tell when that was—it was before I went that he failed in silvering the inkstands for Mr. Lund—I know that Mellish afterwards succeeded in doing so, that was in consequence of the glass being inverted in such a way that it presented two surfaces, and the solution of silver was put in, Mellish at my suggestion tried the experiment and was successful, and that was the reason my name was put in—I think some of the inkstands of Mr. Lund were done so, but I suggested a mustard-pot or cream-jug—Mr.

Lund had a patent for the inkstands, which failed—I think Mellish had an interest in them with Mr. Lund—afterwards at my suggestion, we found we could put silver on inkstands of this description by making the double glass; it was perfected and you may see them to-day—I believe the patent was taken out in my name, I am not quite sure—I know nothing of the glass trade—Mellish had no interest in it, he carried it out for his master; he was not one of the patentees—I think it was in the name of Thomson and Varnish, but the patent will show—Mellish may have suggested or carried out something, but I do not know that he had any interest in the patent—I never consented to any.

Q. Did you instruct Mr. Cookney to ask him to sign a paper relinquishing his interest in the patent? A. I think it was proposed, for the sake of avoiding any future difficulty—I was present when he refused to sign it—Mr. Thomson was there, and Mr. Cookney too; it was in Mr. Thornton's library—I cannot tell the date, I think it had been lying over several weeks before this thing came on the tapis; and Mr. Mellish went to his house for the paper, which he had left at home; he brought it back and said he would never sign it for this reason, that Mr. Cookney's clerk had put it down that in consequence of his poverty he could not carry it out himself—I do not know what was done with the paper, I believe Mellish carried it away with him—I do not recollect a second paper being prepared and presented to him, or his refusing to sign it, or any paper being burned—I recollect Mellish going away from Regent-street—the shop there was kept in the name of Mellish; his wife managed the business in consequence of his absence at the glass-works; she was always in the shop—she had the shop about a twelve-month—they went away on a Monday—before that I think he bad told me that he had made up his mind that he should leave—he said the business was not managed according to his views; he did not see that anything of a profitable nature to him could arise to make it worth his while to stay—I was" not present when he said it was too much for his wife's health, and his own; or when he said anything about sending to Regent-street for a person to take charge of the goods—I did not go on the Monday to take charge of them myself—I cannot recollect going on the Saturday when Mr. Thomson was with me—I might have done so—I think the furniture was removed in the course of the Monday—I was there a few minutes; Mr. Thomson was not there on the Monday; I think I went alone on Monday—Mr. Thomson has not spoken to me since he was examined about what he said, nor has anybody else—I have been outside in Mr. Clark's room—I went to Paris two or three times with Mellish; the last time was just before Christmas last—we went from Brussels to Paris, and were absent a week—the second time was April or May 1850; we were absent rather less than a week, because we were never absent on Sunday—the other time was in the year before, we went to make purchases of glass—I am not quite positive, but I think we went three times; we went to the first establishments in Paris—purchases of glass abroad were very small in comparison of purchases of Messrs. Powell—I did not transact the business with Messrs. Powell, they sent in their accounts and were always paid by check of the firm—I went to France the first time to take out a patent there for the double hollow work—I attended at the police-office on two examinations; there was a third—I do not think I was at the first—I do not think I was there when Mellish was charged the first time—I was not there when he was allowed to go away on his own recognizances alone.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Do you know where Douglas lived?


A. I know from Mellish that he was to come from Birmingham—he said he knew a young man there who would suit the situation.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Can you tell whether it was after or before the first examination that these receipts were found? A. No; I was quite taken by surprise by Mr. Thomson telling me they had been found—that was after the first examination—I attended without a subpoena—I am not a partner now, I left on 3rd May—Mellish had no beneficial interest whatever in the patents—we discovered frauds after Mellish left, but they were supposed to have been committed before he left—I cannot tell whether any frauds have been discovered committed since he left.

MR. THOMSON
re-examined. The books have been examined with a view to ascertain whether there have been any frauds committed on our firm since Mellish left, and we find that frauds have been committed since, in the wages book.

MR. VARNISH
re-examined. I have seen the accounts in which the alteration of amount is—I believe the alteration in the figures in this account of 14th Sept. to be the alteration of Douglas—these second accounts of 27th July and 19th July appear to be in Douglas's writing—he writes a freer hand than Mellish—I hardly know what to say about this one of 17th Aug.—the figures are very much like Douglas's, but hardly so free as his—my belief is that they are his; and this of 30th July, also.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Just take the one of 16th Sept. in your hand? A. I know it well, without looking at it; you have the other bill, showing you the correct price—the alteration from one to the other appears to me to be in Douglas's writing, because he has a freer hand, and less cramped, than Mellish—I have not a doubt that these initials, "T. R. M.," are Mellish's—they mean Thomas Robert Mellish.

Q. Look at these initials, and look at these figures, and I call your particular attention to the ink in which they are written; do you still adhere to your belief that the figures are in Douglas's writing? A. I do; I think it is a different ink, but the handwriting I am well satisfied with—this "30th July" appears to be in the same ink as the "T. R. M.", and the altered figures—the "T. R. M." I have not the slightest doubt is Mellish's signature—the figures, I still have my impression, are Douglas's—I have had them shown to me before.

WATKINS. I am superintendent of the works at Messrs. Thomson and Varnish's. Douglas was taken on Saturday, 4th Oct.; and on the Monday afterwards I discovered some vouchers in the boxes in Mellish's private room, and others in the table-drawer, which was locked—I employed a locksmith to force it—I showed them to Mr. Thomson, and they were in my possession some time, and were handed over to Mr. Wakeling—these vouchers were amongst those I found.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you mark the papers? A. "No, I first emptied a box; I put the papers into it again, until I had an opportunity of looking at them carefully—the box was opened with a key which Douglas gave up when he was taken—it has been in my possession ever since—I went to the box again the same day, to put in the documents which I found in the drawer in the large table—when the box was opened the papers were all carefully sorted—the papers relating to Lee's payments were found in the box.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Look at those, and tell me whether those are the papers which, amongst others, were found in the box? A. Yes; I believe they were all found in the box.






JAMES HENRY KEYS
. I am in Mr. Thomson's employ. Mellish was the managing man—my wages were paid me by Mr. Douglas, at the desk in the office—sometimes he and Mellish were together when I was paid; sometimes not—I have seen books on the desk, but not very often—I have seen Mellish there when the wages book has been there, looking at the wages book along with Mr. Douglas—that was usually on a Saturday, previous to my being paid my wages, before Douglas went for the money—I have seen them looking at the wages book Saturday after Saturday, both last year and this—I recollect on one occasion, when Douglas was going out of the room, Mellish called him back, and said, "Tell Mr. Dean I shall want a check for" so and so; I cannot exactly say the date—I have seen him go on other occasions with the wages book, leaving Mellish at the desk, and return with the wages book and a bag of money, which he would lay on the desk, Mellish being there at the time.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Were you examined before the Magistrate? A. No; I was there but was not called—I was about to be dismissed by Mellish, last April; he said I was too long going into the city—I was afterwards continued up to the present time.





JOHN BLYTH
. I am nineteen years old, and have been employed at Mr. Thomson's sixteen months—I know the wages book—I have seen it on the desk in the office where the prisoners used to sit—I have often seen Mellish looking over it, particularly on Saturday, before Douglas went to Dean to get the money; after he has looked at it, Douglas has gone for the money, but I never saw Mellish there when Douglas came back—I have teen Mellish looking over the wages book three times—I never heard him ask Douglas any question about it—I have heard Mellish say to Douglas "Get 70l. of Mr. Dean"—I have only once heard him. name the sum Douglas was to get—Mellish generally went away on Saturday before six o'clock, or before the men were began to be paid—I have not heard anything pass between him and Douglas on Saturday—as he was about to leave on one Saturday I heard him say, "Send round word if any thing happens"—I used to have to go to Regent-street of a night, after I left—Douglas sent me to Mellish, with a parcel, once after he left on Saturday night,—it was about six months ago, it was a little parcel.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. You were not examined before the Magistrate? A. No, I am a porter—I can read and write—I do not think Mellish attended to any books, I never saw him with any—Douglas had the wages book—I never read it—there used only to be the wages book and book of patterns on the desk—I never sat down at the desk—I used to be about the office.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Should you know the wages book if you were to see it? A. Yes; this is it (looking at it.)





WILLIAM MITCHELL MOORE
. I am a glass-cutter. I was employed by Mellish, he paid me once, but generally Douglas paid me, on a Saturday—I have only seen this wages book once—(the receipts were here read as follows: 14th Sept., 1850. Varnish and Co., to W. B. Lee, four green goblets, engraved at 5s., 1l. Received the above. W. B. LEE."—Annexed to the above: "16th Sept., 1850. Messrs. Varnish and Co., to W. B. Lee, engraving as per bill 4l. 10s. Received the above. W. B. LEE." "19th July, 1850. Messrs, Varnish and Co., to W. B. Lee, two goblets, to order at 4s., 8s. Received the above. W. B. LEE."—
Annexed: "19th July, 1850, Messrs. Varnish and Co., engraving as per bill 2l. 18s. Received the above. W. B. LEE. T. R. M." "27th July, 1850. Messrs. Varnish and Co. to W. B. Lee, two goblets, engraved

5s. each, 10s. Received the above W. B. Lee"—annexed was—"27th July, 1850. Messrs. Varnish and Co., to W. B. Lee, engraving 2l. 10s. Received the above. W. B. LEE." "Aug. 17th, 1850. Varnish and Co., to W.B. Lee, five goblets, engraved 4s. each, 1l. Received the above, W. B. LEE."—Annexed was "Aug. 17th, 1850. T. R. M." "Messrs. Varnish and Co., to W. B. Lee, engraving as per bill, 4l. 10s. Received the above, W. B. LEE.")

Mr. Powell, of Whitefriars glass-works; William Lownde; Mr. Lund, of Fleet-street; Mr. Baddely, patent agent, of Alfred-street, Islington; Thomas Briggs, of Piccadilly, dressing-case maker; James M'Rae, stationer; Abraham Haines, provision dealer; of Half-moon-street, Bishopsgate-street; and William Crough Jordan, surgeon, of Lower Belgrave-street, Eaton-square, gave Mellish a good character.


MELLISH—


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Ten Years.


DOUGLAS—


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

