




902. 



GEORGE FREEMAN
 was indicted (with the said




GEORGE WEBB
, who was not called upon to plead to this indictment, Counsel for the Prosecution intending to call him as a witness) for 

burglariously breaking and entering the parish Church of 
Hammersmith, on 
21st July, and sacrilegiously stealing therein, 3 surplices, and 4 bottles of wine, value 7l. 10s.; the goods of 



Edward William Millwood and another: 1 robe, 1 cassock, 1 hood, and 2 scarfs, value 3l.; the goods of 



James Suffingham Gilborne, clerk: 1 surplice, 1 robe, 1 hood, and 1 scarf, value 4l.; the goods of 



Frederick Taunton, clerk.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






REV. JAMES SUFFINGHAM GILBORNE
. I am one of the curates of Hammersmith Church. On Wednesday morning, 21st July, I was at the Church, about 12 o'clock—I was in the vestry-room—the property of the Church and my own was safe there at that time—I received information next day, which led me to the vestry-room—I missed from a cupboard four surplices, two gowns, two hoods, a cassock, and four scarfs—one of the hoods, and three of the scarfs, belonged to me; another scarf, a hood, and a surplice, belonged to the Rev. Frederick Taunton.





JOHN THORNINGLOW FOWELL
. I am clerk of Hammersmith parish Church. On 21st July, after the service was over, I doubled the things up, and put them into the drawer, in the usual way, but I did not lock them up—I locked the iron chest up, and the cupboard, which contained the books, and the wine which was used for Sacramental purposes—I left the Church between 12 and 1 on the Wednesday, and went again about 5 the followiug day—I found the cupboard had been broken open, and about four bottles of wine were gone, and the articles mentioned by Mr. Gilborne also—I gave information to the churchwardens—the iron chest was not broken open—that only contained the register books—the Church is named St. Paul's, Hammersmith, but the parish is Hammersmith parish.





GEORGE WEBB
 (the prisoner). I gave myself into the custody of George Miller, the policeman—I cannot exactly say what day of the month it was—

I recollect the 21st July—I have known the prisoner Freeman about two months—I knew him by the name of Long Bill—I was not with him on 21st July at all—I was at Hammersmith on the 21st July—I do not exactly know the day of the month—it was on a Tuesday.

Q. Was it on a Tuesday or a Wednesday? A. It was on a Wednesday, it was about 11 o'clock—I was in company with the prisoner in the evening—I had met him in the Borough by arrangement, about 7 in the evening, and we walked to Hammersmith—we had some conversation about what we were going to do—we had arranged to break into this Church—and there was nothing more said than that we intended to enter the Church to bring away what we could—we arrived at the Church about 11, and got into the Church by getting through the window on the north, next the door—we got through the bar—there are iron bars—I got through first—I had to bend one of the bars with my hands—Long Bill got in after me—we both had our shoes off—we went into the vestry and took four surplices, and two bottles of wine—we drank some wine—we remained in the Church till half past 5 in the morning, and then left by the door at the other side, which was bolted, but not locked—we then came into the Borough—I carried the things which were in a bag, part of the way—Long Bill took the things away and sold them, but I was not present—he gave me 30s.—he did not tell me who he had sold them to.

COURT. Q. How many Churches had you been robbing? A. That was the first; I robbed two others afterwards—I mentioned Long Bill's name to Miller when I spoke to him—I had robbed the two other Churches before I spoke to Miller—I understood that inquiries were being made after the thieves—I told Miller of the other two Churches, and of the circumstances of the robbery—Chapman is the officer I spoke to, and afterwards to Miller.





JOHN CHAPMAN
 (policeman, C 52). On 31st July I was on duty in Piccadilly; Webb came up to me—I did not know him before—in consequence of what he said to me, I took him to the Vine-street station, and left him there.





GEORGE MILLER
 (policeman, T 46). The prisoner Webb was sent to the Hammersmith station, where I was on duty—on Sunday, 1st Aug. he made a communication to me—he mentioned a name, and gave me a description of a person which I communicated to Meek, another constable—I had examined Hammersmith Church before Webb was in custody, and I did afterwards—I examined the windows, on the north side, where there are some bars, one of which was a little bent—I had not noticed that before I received Webb's communication.





JOHN MEEK
 (policeman, M 48). I received a description of a person named Long Bill—I knew him—Freeman is the man—on 27th Aug. I saw him in the Mint, which leads into High-street, Borough—he was in company with five or six others—he saw me, walked away, and I followed him to Southwark-bridge-road, and said, "Bill, I want you"—he turned round and said, "So help me God, I am innocent"—I said, "Of what? innocent of what?" he said, "Why the job at the Church"—"I did not mention the Church," I said, "but that is just what I want you for"—after taking him to our station, I took him to the station at Hammersmith—on the way there he said if he could get at Webb he would be hung for him, at Horsemonger-lane—the idea of his spirting up a job with him at the Church, and then cratting on him, and he might as well be settled for this job, as at some future time.

Freeman. I declare to God I never said anything of the sort.


COURT. Q. You had heard of these robberies before? A. Yes; Webb had been in custody three weeks, I think.





PATRICK DOLAN
. I am a labouring man. I was in the employ of Mr. Jessop—I stole some of his potatoes, and was sent by Mr. Painter, the Magistrate, for fourteen days to Hammersmith station, and put into the cell there—I was not to be imprisoned there, but was put there in the interval—the prisoner was in the cell there, and asked me how much I had got—I said I had got fourteen days—he said he wished he had got fourteen months to get rid of his concern—he was walking about the cell, and went to the hole in the cell door—I asked him what he was up to; what he meant to do—he said there were several cases against him; one for breaking a Church—I asked him if he was guilty of it—he said he was, and he said he was as reconciled to go now as to wait—he told a woman who was in cell to go to George Greenwood—he said that one of his mates had turned over him, and if he had the b—there he would cut his b—head off—I am sure he said one of his mates—I did not know him before—I did not hear all he said to the woman.

Prisoner. I deny it.





FRANCES DOWLING
. I am single. On Saturday, 28th Aug. I had the misfortune to be drunk, and was fined 5s., or to be imprisoned ten days if I could not pay it—before the 5s. was paid I went to the cells under the Court—the prisoner was there—I had heard him speak when he was before the Magistrate—when we were downstairs I was in the next cell to him, and there is a grating between the cells under the seat, which is against the wall, and the prisoner spoke to me through the grating—I did not know him before—he said, "How long have you got"—I told him ten days or 5s. and asked him what he was there for, he made no reply—I then asked him how long he had got, and he said he was remanded for a week—I said, what was it for?—he said, "For breaking into Hammersmith Church"—I asked him if there was any one else with him—he said there was another one, but he had given himself up in London; he had turned round on him, and told all about it—I asked him where he lived—he said in Mint-street, in the Borough, at a chandler's shop, and the man at the chandler's shop had stood fence for him during the last summer and winter—I asked him if he had got the things on him when he was taken—he said, no they were put away clean enough—I asked him how he came to be taken—he said he saw the policeman standing and speaking to the man at the chandler's shop, in Mint-street, and he believed the man had told the policeman who he was, and the b—fool that turned round had even told that they drunk wine in the Church, and that he wondered at that as "We have opened several churches and chapels round London since Christmas"—he said to me" Do you think you will get out?"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "Act as a friend and go to No. 10, Mint-street," or "Kent-street, and tell Cornelius Grimwood to come and see me, and tell the other man and woman to keep out of the way."

COURT. Q. How do you get your living? A. I work at cleaning at St. Pete's-square, Turnham-green, and sometimes in the garden ground—this was the first time I had been before a Magistrate—I first mentioned this on 28th Aug., the next day—I told Mr. Painter, the Magistrate—I had told the turnkey of the cells—he had heard me speaking to the prisoner, but did not know what it was, and when he let me out he inquired of me about it, and I told him—I do not know his name—he afterwards took me to Miller.






JOHN MEEK
, re-examined. I know a person of the name of Cornelius Grimwood, living at 10, Mint-street, Borough. I did not speak to any one at a chandler's shop before I took the prisoner—I know the chandler's shop the last witness speaks of—I was three doors from it when I first saw the prisoner—the chandler's shop is near Harrow-street; it is No. 10, Mint-street—Mr. Amsden lives there.





GEORGE MILLER
, re-examined. Dowling was brought to me by the gaoler; she made a communication to me, and I summoned her to the next examination of the prisoners, and the depositions were taken against both prisoners—Freeman was committed last Saturday.

Freeman. I have nothing to say.

JURY
to
FRANCES DOWLING. Q. Did you have any inducement held out to you to come into Court to speak anything? A. No, not at all; I have not been tutored by any person—I spoke to no person about the case till I spoke to the turnkey—they asked me about it first.

FREEMAN—


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.


WEBB—


GUILTY
.—



Confined Twelve Months.


Before Mr. Baron Martin and the Fourth Jury.

