



1515. 




EMMA PENNINGTON



, feloniously setting fire to the house of 



Charles Wood, with intent to injure him.


MR. GIFFORD
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES WOOD
. I am a printer, and live at 19, Goulden—terrace, Islington—it is my dwelling—house—it is in the parish of St. Mary, Islington—the prisoner has been in my service about six weeks. On Sunday, 29th June, I left my house about 6 o'clock, with my wife and my two children—I believe my lodger, Mr. Adams, was in the house at the time, as I heard the piano—I returned about half—past 10 and found there had been a fire—there was about 100l. worth of damage done, including the house—before I went out I had gone into the two attics, which were two of the rooms in which the fire occurred—I found there had been three different fires—it was all over when I got home, but I saw the remains of it—I went into the attics for the purpose of lifting up the windows to allow a current of air to pass through—I left them open about two or three inches, and also left the doors open—there is a grate in the front-attic, and I think one in the back, but it has never been used—there was no fire whatever in either of those rooms—the front-attic was used as a composing-room—there were a great many books there, and a bed in which my son slept—there was nothing combustible in the back—attic, there was nothing but an iron press, an iron table, and a wooden table, and the chair which I put against the door—there was an old cotton dress thrown over the press to keep it from the dust—when I returned I found that that dress had been

entirely consumed, and the remains of it were hanging on the press—it was my usual custom to go out on a Sunday evening—there had been a slight disagreement between me and the prisoner that morning about her introducing her brother into the house during our absence at service on the Sunday morning—we returned from service about a quarter to 1—I spoke to her about it, and desired Mrs. Wood to send the brother away—she seemed very angry indeed—I spoke to her rather quietly, yet sufficiently severe—to the best of my recollection the words were these, "Ellen (we called her Ellen) if you had wished to introduce anybody into the house you should hare asked permission of your mistress and myself, and not have introduced them during our absence; I cannot tolerate this; this is the second time, and therefore I must request Mrs. Wood to send your brother away"—she looked very angry, but did not say a word.

Cross-examined by
MR. TREVETHAN SPICER. Q. How long have you lived there? A. Two years and a half, I believe—as near as I can guess the damage done may amount to about 100l.—there was a quantity of furniture consumed—the books in the front—attic were burnt, principally bound books, Spanish and others—many of them I had brought from Spain, and many were presents—the beds were burned, a Brussells carpet in the back—room first—floor, and several other things, the particulars of which I gave to the Fire-office—I am insured in the West of England—I think I have been insured evening I came from Spain, which is now about ten years—I did not send in a claim for 100l.—I sent in a claim for my own furniture—I had nothing to do with the house, but I have reckoned that in the 100l.—I claimed 80l. from the Insurance—office, and they have offered me 65l., and given me the whole of the things—I have only one lodger, and I believe I left him at home when I went out at 6 o'clock—I only know it from hearing the piano a few minutes before I left—we had a character with the prisoner—I believe it to have been a false one, because we have inquired, and the people have gone away, and we do not know where—if I were to give you my reasons I do not believe they would be considered evidence, but I have sufficient ground to believe it was a false character—I only know what I have been informed.





HENRY ADAMS
. I lodge in Mr. Wood's house. On Sunday, 29th June, I left at exactly half—past 6 o'clock, and returned about half-past 9—I then ascertained that a fire had taken place; it was over when I got home—I occupy the whole of the first—floor, it is a sitting—room and bed—room—there had been a fire in the bed—room—there is a second—floor above my rooms, and then the attics—I had left some clothes near my bed when I went out, and I found them burnt on my return—I had been in that room about two minutes before I left the house—there was no fire in it then.

Cross-examined. Q. What kind of clothes was it you left, dirty linen thrown up in a heap? A. Yes; at the foot of the bed, they were totally destroyed, it was merely a heap of ashes, and four rows of buttons belonging to a waistcoat—it was covered with water—I saw no matches, or any combustible matter among the ashes.





ERNEST HYNUM LLOYD
. I live in Hermes—street, Pentonville. On Sunday evening, 29th June, about ten minutes past 7 o'clock, I was standing at 29, Brunswick-parade, in Barnsbury-road, Islington, which is nearly opposite Mr. Wood's house, and saw smoke coming out of the chimney-breast, between the bricks—I knew it could not be a chimney on fire, so I went over and knocked at the door—nobody seemed to come, so I jumped in at the window—I was not long knocking at the door, I knocked loudly—I went up—stairs to the front-attic—I found the door shut, I opened it and saw that

the room was full of smoke—I went down—stain to the first—floor and shouted on the stairs, "Bring me up some water; I will soon put it out"—I said that in a very loud voice—I went into the back-room, first—floor, which is a bed-room, in order to procure the water—jug and the chamber, if there had been one—I do not remember whether there was any water in that jog or not—there was no fire in that room then, nor any signs of fire—I went up-stairs again to the second-floor, that water-jug was full of water—I took it with me, likewise the chamber, which was half-full of slops—I went up-stairs again to the front-attic, opened the door, went in, and on the left-hand saw a large flame, it appeared to be the bed on fire, it was behind the door—I could not see it until I got into the room—I emptied the jug and chamber over that, and put that out first—there was smoke in the other corner of the room, not flame—I did not observe whether there was any communication between that smoke and the flame—I did not wait to look around me—I went down-stairs again, and then for the first time saw the prisoner in the passage on the ground-floor—I said to her, "Mary, Mary, get me some buckets of water, we shall soon be able to get it out"—her answer was, "My orders are to stop here"—I asked her if anybody was at home, and she said there was no one—I then went and got the water myself, and took a bucket up-stairs with me—there were two other gentlemen, I think, there then, and I believe they went to get buckets, they helped to bring water up—stairs; there were two, if not three—I took the bucket of water up—stairs with me, and when I got up, the comer which I had left smoking was in a complete blaze—there was a pile of paper and manuscripts about three or four feet high and three feet broad—they were papers of an unusally large size—I threw the bucket of water in the corner, but of course the small supply of water bad not the power to extinguish the vast body of flame that was in the corner, it was in a Very terrible state—I shut the window and came out of the room again, and went down three or four of the stairs—by that time we had a good supply of water come up in two or three buckets, and when I had emptied those I observed police—constable 229 in the passage—there were immense packages piled up on some shelves—I did not know what they contained—they looked like papers and books, and they were on some wooden shelves—I sent them all down-stairs by the policeman—they were not piled up for the purpose of being set fire to, but if they had caught fire it would have been a very serious thing—I did not go into the first—floor back—room for an hour afterwards—the firemen did not arrive until we had put the top fire out—we succeeded in putting out the top fire, and as I was coming down—stairs one of the men said to me, "I want a bucket of water, this front—room is on fire"—I went in and found the bed and mattress on fire and the firemen in the room.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you were in a house nearly opposite? A. Yes; I was standing at the door when I saw the smoke—I jumped in at the front—parlour window, over the area railings, which lay flat—I did not meet anybody when I went up—stairs—when I got there was one fire, and the left corner was in smoke—I then went down, and asked for water—I did not meet anybody coming down—I did not stop to observe whether there was any communication between the two fires—when I came down the second time I saw the prisoner standing in the passage—I did not know her before—I addressed her by the name of Mary, because it came first to my mouth—when I spoke to her she seemed frightened—there might have been somebody in the kitchen, but I did not go down—several persons brought up water; the prisoner was not one of them—I did not see whether she did anything to assist in putting out the fire—I was up—stairs, and she was down.






THOMAS SHERLOCK
. I am a brush—maker, of 17, Brunswick—parade, Islington. On Sunday, 29th June, I saw smoke issuing from Mr. Wood's attic window, about half-past seven o'clock—I immediately went over—the door was open—the prisoner was near the parlour-door, near the kitchen—stairs—I assisted in putting out the fire—I did not see the prisoner assist—she was at the top of the kitchen—stairs the principal part of the time, near the parlour—door—I said to her, "The parlour-door is unfastened, and you had better wait there, to prevent any one coming in"—there was no person there, and the street-door was open, and the parlour-door shut, but unlocked—she appeared perfectly collected.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the outer—door wide open, or simply ajar? A. Wide open, and the prisoner was standing in the passage—I carried water up to the second-floor—I did not go into the room—the prisoner did not assist me—I had told her to stop where she was and watch the door—my object in telling her to stay there was to watch the property.





WILLIAM BADDELY
. I am a civil—engineer, of 29, Alfred—street, Islington, On Sunday evening, 29th June, in consequence of something which was told me, I went to Mr. Wood's, and arrived there at eight o'clock—I knocked at the door—it was opened by the prisoner—I went up—stairs, opened the first-floor front—room door, and looked in—it is a sitting—room—I did not go into the back—room, but the folding—doors were open—there was no fire or smoke there—I went into the front—attic, where the principal fire had been—it was then extinguished.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you called to the house? A. Yes, by a lad named Calvert, in consequence of my being inspector of fire—escapes—I saw evidences of two fires in the front-attic, of one in the back—attic, and of one on the first-floor; four separate and distinct fires—there had evidently been a sheet or dress thrown over an iron press, and the floor was charred by its falling down—I was called twice to a fire in the back—room first—floor—the second time was about a quarter of an hour after I first got there—I saw no paper or matches among the charred materials—I am not accustomed to that kind of inquiry; it is the duty of the firemen.

COURT. Q. When you came down to the first—floor did you go into the back—room? A. Yes, but the smoke was so bad I could not stop; I stooped down on my hands and knees, and saw the bed was burning in the back—room—I am quite sure there was nothing of that sort when I first went into the room—there was no fire in that room when I entered the house.





JOHN SCOTT
. I am No. 11 of the Fire Brigade. I was called to this fire about half—past 7 or a quarter to eight o'clock—I had to come from our station in Farringdon-street—the prisoner let me in—the door was shut—I, went up—stairs, and saw where the fire had been—it was then out—the things were all muddled where the fire had been in the front—attic—there were a quantity of burnt books and papers near the window, and some were in the middle of the room—the window is opposite the door—the bed, which was behind the door, was partially burnt—I cut away the embers, and the lath and plaster—before I went into the first—floor rooms, I asked the prisoner if she could give any account of the fire—she said, "No, I cannot, for I have not been into any of "the rooms"—while I was talking to her there was a violent knock at the door—I opened it, and a man informed me, in her presence, that there was smoke coming out of the first—floor window—I went to the first—floor—the room was full of smoke—I could not enter upright; I went on my hands and knees, and saw the bed and bedstead on fire, and some clothes under the end of the bedstead, and part of the partition that

forms one side of the room was in a blaze—I called the men down from up-stairs, and we put it out—the linen was burnt to a tinder—I found nothing to account for the fire—I asked the prisoner again whether she could account for it—she said, no, she was never nigh the room.

Cross-examined. Q. There was no apparent cause for the fine; no matches, or anything in that way? A. No; but they might have been concealed.

COURT. Q. Was any part of the floor, or wainscoting burnt? A. Yes; the skirting—we cut away the lath-and-plaster—it was very hot indeed—I did not observe whether the floor was burnt where the bed was—the bottom part of the skirting of the partition in the front—floor room was wood—I cannot say what the other part was—I did not examine to find the seat of the fire, my business was merely to put it out—I left men there—part of the partition was burnt—it is a fixed partition.





WALTER HILL JONES
 (policeman, N 229). On 29th June, I went to the prosecutor's house, and saw a fire burning in the front attic—it was then about twenty minutes or half—past 7 o'clock—I went down—stairs, and asked the prisoner if she knew how it originated—she said, "No; she was out in the garden reading a book"—I asked her if she knew where her master and mistress were gone—she said, "No"—I asked her again, and she said, "They were either gone to a place of worship, or to St, John's Wood"—she seemed very uneasy, and seemed to want to get into the garden by the front—door, but I stopped her—there is a garden, front and back—I stood at the door, as she seemed as if she wanted to get away—I asked her what was the matter, that she would not come into the parlour and sit down—she said, "She would as leave be murdered as be in the house when her master and mistress came home, and she would not stop in the house that night"—I asked what was her motive for wanting to get away—she said, "She was not going to stop there to be bullied by her mistress"—I asked her what was the matter with her—she said, "She had had nothing to eat since her breakfast in the morning, and her mistress did not allow her any beer, neither was any beer kept in the house"—the outer door was closed—I knocked, and did not get admittance—I thought there was nobody there, and went to the next house, and got along the parapet to the house which was on fire, but the heat was so great I could not stand there many minutes—I attempted to shut the attic window, but could not—the slates were very hot.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you get into the attic from the next house? A. No; the heat was so great I could not stand, and I came down the same way, and knocked at the door again, and the prisoner let me in, and I told her to remain at the door, and not to admit anybody else—when she said she was reading in the garden, I understood her to mean the back garden—she did not say what book she was reading—I looked in all the rooms—I saw no signs of any fire in the back drawing—room, which is occupied as a bedroom, and I shut the doors—me and Lloyd removed some books, locked the doors, and took the keys—four or five of us were standing on the stairs, and we were met by a body of smoke which almost suffocated me, so that I was obliged to leave the keys in the doors and come down—we found there had been a fire in the back attic, under a press—when the firemen had got the fire out, we went to look again—something was under the press, which had burnt the boards for a foot, in a round place, and there was the tinder of linen, or calico, from which it had originated—I found no combustible materials, or any Vessel or pan—the boards in the front attic were recently burnt—the fire had Burnt itself out—the prisoner said knew her master was insured for the

lower part of the house, but not the upper—it seemed to upset her that the upper part was not insured; but after that she was quite reconciled, and did not seem to think of anything—she appeared upset and excited—I think that was before she told me she was not going to remain there to be bullied—it was before she tried to get out—I mentioned the conversation between me and the prisoner to one of the brigade—men who is not here, and he persuaded me not to let her go away till her master and mistress came home—I do not think I mentioned that before the Magistrate.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Tears
.
