




466. 




THOMAS ATKINSON
alias
 George Clarke




, feloniously uttering counterfeit coin, having been before convicted.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
WOOLLETT
conducted the Prosecution.





SAMUEL JARMAN
. I produce a certified copy of conviction (read—"Thomas Atkinson, convicted at Surrey Sessions, Jan, 1848, of uttering counterfeit coin, confined six months."





ANTHONY COOPER
. I was present when this case was tried at the Surrey Sessions—the prisoner is the person who was tried.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you quite sure he is the person? A. I am certain.





ELIZABETH JACKS
. I live at my uncles, Mr. Webster, a baker, in Hackney-road—on 3rd March, the prisoner came between 3 and 4 o'clock in the afternoon; he asked for a 2d. loaf, I had not one, I gave him two 1d. loaves—he gave me a good sovereign, and I took it to my cousin, he gave me a bag of silver, 1 took it to the prisoner and counted out 9s. 6d., I was going to count 10s. more, and he said, could I oblige him with a half sovereign; I said, yes;—I went to Mr. Webster, my cousin, for one—he gave me one which was good, I gave it to the prisoner; it was a half sovereign that I had taken that morning, and wrapped in paper—I am certain it was a good one—I had some copper money to give the prisoner; I turned to the till to get the copper, and while I was doing that the prisoner put down a half sovereign, which was not the one I gave him—he asked me to oblige him with 10s. in silver for it; he put it towards me, I said, "It is a bad one," he said nothing; my cousin came in—I said to my cousin, "It is a bad one," and I took it up and gave it to my cousin—the prisoner said nothing.

Cross-examined. Q. When had you taken the half sovereign? A. In the morning of that day, and I gave it to Mr. Webster, my cousin, who carries on business for my uncle—when I took it I put it in paper, and Mr. Webster took it out of the paper, and gave it me back—I did not have the piece of paper in my hand the second time—I looked at it before I gave it to the prisoner; I think it was one of George's, but I cannot remember—I think the one 1 got back was one of George's—when my cousin gave me the half sovereign, I merely put it on the counter, and pushed it towards the prisoner—I did not try it then—when my cousin gave it me he took it out of his pocket—I had not taken any other half sovereign that day—I do not know whether I had the day before—the money had been taken out of the till the night before—my uncle comes and takes the proceeds of the day—he generally comes between 6 and 7 o'clock; what is taken after that goes towards the next day.

COURT. Q. Do you generally put the gold you receive in paper? A. Generally; in fact I always do.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Are you sure you took that half sovereign that day? A. Yes; my uncle had not been to take any money that day.





JOHN WEBSTER
. I am the cousin of the last witness—when the prisoner came in I was in a side room—I saw him come in, and my cousin came in for change for a sovereign—I gave her the bag of silver, she gave me a good sovereign—I weighed it at the time—I heard the prisoner say, M Can't you give me a half sovereign?" or words similar to that—I said, "O, yes," and I got the half sovereign out of my pocket—it was wrapt in a piece of paper—I handed it to my cousin—she had given it me in the course of the morning—I am sure it was the same—I had examined it, and it was a good one—I heard the prisoner say to my cousin, "Now I will prefer silver"—I heard

my cousin say the half sovereign was a bad one—at that moment I went and took it out of her hand—I found it was bad—I said to the prisoner, "You have changed it"—he looked round, and walked off—I followed him—he went down a bye street by the church; I came up with him, he asked what I was following him for, I said, "For offering a bad half sovereign"—he said, "Let me look at it"—I said, "Yes," and I put it in my mouth—Hewent down some other streets, and to some paling»—he cleared the palings, and so did I—he led me a pretty race—he went through a public house, and into a shop where he was secured—he was very violent—I got a policeman, and gave him into custody—while we were running, the prisoner threw away the two penny loaves—he had not had the other 10s.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you get the half sovereign from your cousin? A. About 11 or 12 o'clock, it was wrapped in paper—I took it out and weighed it a little while after she gave it me—I had no other half sovereign—I cannot recollect what reign it was—I did not weigh the second half sovereign.





ALFRED HOLMES
 (policeman, K 350). The prisoner was given into my custody by the last witness; I saw him hand a half sovereign to the inspector at the station, and he handed it to me—this is it—it was not out of my sight—I searched the prisoner, and found 9s. 9d. on him in silver and copper, all good—he refused to give his address or occupation.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was the prisoner given into custody? A. In Bethnal-green-road, about half a mile from Mr. Webster's shop.





WILLIAM WEBSTER
. This is a bad half sovereign.




GUILTY
, †* Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.

