




628. 




HENRY BEAVER
 and 




THOMAS HODGSON



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



George Wells, and stealing 4 shawls and other articles, value 4l. 6s. 9d.; the goods of 



Matthew Bateman; and 2 baskets, 3d.; the goods of 



George Wells: to which


BEAVER pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years







ANN FREELAND
. I am housekeeper to Mr. George Wells, of Lemon-valley, near St. Helena, Rotherithe. On 14th Jan. I went to bed between seven and eight o'clock—I was the last up in the house—the back kitchen and the rest of the house was safe—I bolted the back-kitchen door—when I came down in the morning, the door was open and the window too, as far as it would go—it had been wrenched up; a man could get in—the kitchen-door opens into the garden—I went into the garden, and found a large bonnet-box and hat-box, with the articles which had been in them, consisting of caps and different things of women's wearing-apparel, and a tea-caddy, emptied out, and strewed about—I went into the front parlour; I missed from there the bonnet-box and hat-box, that I found in the garden, a large trunk, and a tea-caddy—they bad all been safe on the evening before—I missed two baskets from the kitchen, which I had seen the night before—the trunk that was missing was Mrs. Bateman's, the housekeeper there before me—the hat-box and bonnet-box were hers.





THOMAS TOWERSEY
 (policeman, M 237). On the morning of 15th Jan. I was on duty, under the Greenwich Railway, near the Blue Anchor-road, Bermondsey—I saw the prisoners coming under the arches of the railway—Beaver was ten or twelve yards a head of Hodgson, carrying a basket, tied with a string across his shoulder—Beaver hallooed out, "Come on, Tom; it is all right"—Hodgson threw down the basket, and ran away—I followed Beaver, and took him into custody—I did not see Hodgson again till she following Saturday—while I had Beaver in custody, Hodgson was stopped by another constable—I found four dresses and some wax-tapers on Beaver—after Hodgson had been taken, I went to the spot with Beaver, and found a basket—there were two baskets.





WILLIAM NOAKES
 (policeman, M 104). I was with Towersey—Beaver came within a yard of me, and said, "Come on, Tom; it is all right"—I saw Hodgson about ten yards behind—I let Beaver pass, went out, and met Hodgson in the main-road—(I had been standing under the

dark arch, where he could not see me)—he had this basket in his hand—I stopped him, and asked him what he had got in the basket; he said he was a labouring man, and was going to work—when I put my hand towards the basket, he kept turning round—at last I took hold of him by the collar, and he threw the basket down—I held him fast for a minute or two; he kept getting further from the basket—I then got him back nearly to it; and as I went to stoop to take it, he got away, and left his cap and handkerchief behind—I examined the basket, and found it contained a quantity of wearing-apparel; these shawls, and caps, and handkerchiefs, which have since been identified—I then took up the other basket—I took Hodgson again on the Saturday following, in the Kitchen, in Fox's-court, Gray's-inn-lane; it is a kind of lodging-house—I told Hodgson I wanted him, and said, "I suppose you know what it is for?"—he did not make any answer—I told him the charge; he said he knew nothing about it.

Hodgson. I was never neat the place. Witness. I am sure he is the man that I had hold of; I stood and talked to him, I should think, four minutes—there was a double gas-light in the road—when I took him, he was lying down all along on the form, partly concealed, with a pipe in his mouth—he came out as soon as I saw him.





CHARLOTTE BATEMAN
. I am the wife of Matthew Bateman. I had been housekeeper to Mr. Wails before Mrs. Freeland—I left last March, and went to take charge of a lady's house—I left a bonnet-box, a hat-box, and a large leathern trunk at Mr. Well's—these things are all mine—part of them were in the trunk, and part in the boxes.

Witnesses for the Defence.






DAVID WEBB
. I live in Fox-court, Gray's-inn-lane—Hodgson slept in the house opposite me—I put them all to bed—I put him to bed on Friday and Saturday, and all the other days in the week—I always put him to bed during the time he has been lodging in the house opposite me; I put him to bed on Friday and Saturday, in the month of Jan.; I mean I let them up-stairs: the doors are ail locked, they are obliged to come to me to ask me to unlock the door—I unlocked the door for him on 17th and 18th Jan.; that I can swear—that was Friday and Saturday—I have at home gone by the name of Finlayson; that is my father-in-law's name—I lodged in Howard-street, Wandsworth-road, some time ago—I never was charged with any offence, to my knowledge—I never was at Larkhall-lane police-station—I have been at Clapham police-station for a quarrel me and my father-in-law—I was charged with assaulting my father-in-law—I was discharged.

HODGSON—



GUILTY* of Stealing. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.

