




621. 




WILLIAM GREEN
 and 




GEORGE GARRETT



, stealing 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; the goods of a man unknown, from his person.






EDWARD WIGLEY
 (policeman, H 141). On 15th April, about half-past 11 o'clock in the morning, I was in plain clothes, concealed in a house with another constable, and saw the prisoners together on Tower-hill—I watched

them, and saw Garrett follow a gentleman who was walking towards the City—Green was walking as close as he could behind Garrett—Garrett took something red out of the gentleman's pocket—we went out, and I got up to the prisoners before they noticed me—Garrett got a little way from me, and laughed at me—Dunnoway took him, and I took Green, and told him he was charged with being concerned with others in picking a gentleman's pocket; he said he knew nothing about it—I have seen the prisoners before—I could not find the gentleman.





PORTER WILLIAM DUNNOWAY
 (policeman, H 129). I was on Tower-hill with Wigley, and saw the prisoners, together with another person, following a gentleman—Garrett put his hand in the gentleman's coat pocket and took something out—I went out and ran towards Rosemary-lane, thinking to meet them that way; when I came back, Wigley had Green in custody—I saw Garrett standing about twenty yards off, and said, "I want you"—he said, "What for?"—I said, "For being concerned in picking a gentleman's pocket"—he endeavoured to put his hand into his breast pocket, and resisted very violently—I found this silk handkerchief (produced) in his breast pocket—ho said at the station that he bought it in Petticoat-lane—I also found on him another handkerchief, an old cotton one.

Green's Defence. I was about twenty yards away; I nave? saw Garrett before.

Garrett's Defence. It is my handkerchief; the policeman has taken a false oath.




GUILTY
.

Green was further charged with, hawing been before convicted.






GEORGE SCOTT
. I produce a certificate (read: Central Criminal Court. 


David Rogers, convicted, September 1849, of stealing a handkerchief from the, person. 
Confined Six Months)—I was present—Green is the person.

GREEN—
GUILTY, Aged 18.—. 


Transported for Seven Years.


GARRETT—
GUILTY, Aged 20.—



Confined Six Months.


