




835. 




DANIEL DONOVAN



, feloniously cutting and wounding 



John Warren, on the left cheek, with intent to do him some grievous bodily harm.


MR. BRIARLY
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN WARREN
. On the evening of 15th June I was in company with the prisoner drinking—we had had a good deal to drink, and came out of the public house—I went away, came back again, and asked him to go in and have some more beer—he said, "No, do you want anything with me?"—I said, "No," and he put his hand into his pocket and stabbed me with a knife—I had not given him any provocation, or done or said anything to annoy him—I did not owe him any money, or ask him for any.

Prisoner. Q. Was not you drinking with me all the afternoon? A. Yes; I did not say I would knock your b----y head off—I did not drink all the afternoon at your expense—you borrowed the knife of a man to cut some bread and cheese.





ELEANOR FORSAYTH
. I was standing at the bottom of Denmark-street, about half-past 7 o'clock, and saw the prisoner and two more standing at the door of the "Kettle Drum"—I heard the prisoner go up to the prosecutor and say, "Do you want anything of me?"—he said, "No"—the prisoner went back again, put his hand into his pocket, went to the prosecutor, and gave him a blow—I saw something in the prisoner's hand, it glistened, but the blood flowed so immediately I cannot say what it was—the prisoner then ran back again, and stopped about two minutes—a man said to him, "Hook it"—he said, "No, I will stand my ground, I have given him what he wanted to do to me"—the other one said, "Hook it"—he said, "No, I have half a sovereign behind the bar, and I shall go and get it"—I saw him go in at one door and he came out at another, and I did not see him again till he was in custody.





JOHN WILLIAM LEE
 (policeman, 202 K). I took the prisoner on the night of 15th June—I took him to the prosecutor, but he was in such a state he could not speak—the prisoner denied having done the act.

Prisoner. I never made any answer at all; I said, "What do you want of me?" and he took me to the doctor's, where the prosecutor was.





WILLIAM HENRY HARRIS
. I am house-surgeon at the London Hospital. I saw the prosecutor on the night of 15th June—he was in a very faint and weak state from loss of blood—I found a wound on his left cheek about an inch in length, and an inch and a half deep; there was a small artery divided —it was a very dangerous wound, it bled on two or three occasions after it was dressed—he was in danger for ten days or a fortnight; he is still suffering from it, and he will be some time before he recovers—the effect on his speech is produced by the wound—there is paralysis on one side of the tongue, and he will never be able to speak properly again.




GUILTY
.** Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.

