



295. 




WILLIAM WHITE



, stealing 11 rings, value 300l.; the goods of 




Christopher Walton, in his dwelling house.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






CHRISTOPHER WALTON
. I am a goldsmith and jeweller, of 24, Ludgate-street—about half-past 5 o'clock on 17th Oct. I was in the counting-house, at the further end of the shop—the prisoner came in and stood still—I beckoned to him to come forward, and asked what he wanted, he said, "Have you any plated studs at half-a-crown a set?"—I said I did not keep such things—I saw he had a set of studs in his shirts—he went back making a noise with his feet rather louder than ordinary—he went back with a firm step, as if he was going out, and I turned to my writing again, thinking he had gone out—I continued writing four or five minutes; presently I heard a sound of something falling in the shop—I instantly went, and found the prisoner at the end of the counter, which is open at both ends—he was close to the window—I said, "What are you doing here?"he replied, after some little hesitation, "I beg your pardon, I thought you were coming to serve me"—I said, "Why you know I told you I had not got the article, what are you doing?"—I looked in the till to see if anything was missing—I did not look in the window where the rings were—I had nobody in the place with me, and after some hesitation, thinking possibly I might be mistaken, as he had a respectable appearance, I asked him his name and address—I forget the name he gave, but he said he lived at 3, Bishopsgate-street—I gave him a caution—I said, "Well, be off, and do not come here again"—I have not the slightest doubt he is the young man—he stood before me some time with the full gas light on his face—when he was gone I thought I would see what it was that made the noise, and I found a diamond ring on the floor in a corner where he had been standing—it had been in a tray in the window—I looked in the window and found the large diamond rings gone—the tray had the prices on it, that could not be removed, the gas branch prevented the window being opened, so as to draw the tray out—it was shut in a glass window—we unlock the windows in the morning, and lock them at night—the middle one opens sideways, and the other pushes to—I found it a little open, but I did not think much of that, because sometimes we let a little air in when the gas is alight—I missed from the tray eleven rings, the prices of which were on little cards attached to the velvet, which were left behind—the trade price of the rings was about 300l.—I had seen them continually—I was not many minutes without seeing them in the course of business—there were two about an inch and a quarter in diameter, mixed up with smaller ones—I had been in and out in the afternoon—I had then been in ten minutes or a quarter of an hour—my shopman had gone out with some gold chains to show—he came back in about an hour—I told him I had had a youth in, and he described him fully—I wrote a description of him, and sent it round to six of the chief towns of England, Birmingham being one—in the beginning of Nov. I received this letter (produced) dated 17th Nov., from the chief of the police of Birmingham—I went there—the superintendent took me round the prison—I saw the prisoner

there, and immediately said, "You are the boy who was with me on 7th Oct."—he said, "All Oct. I was at my sister's at Kew"—this stud (produced) is the description of stud which the boy wore, and which I described on the paper I sent down.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. When did you go to Birming. ham? A. I do not know exactly, but it was two or three days after the date of the letter; on a Thursday, I believe—the inspector, who is here, was present when the prisoner said he was at his sister's at Kew—I mentioned that before the Magistrate, but what I said was not half put down—I suppose they did not think it was evidence—it was at Guildhall, before an Alderman.





WILLIAM FISK
. I am assistant to Mr. Walton. I went out on this evening some time before half-past 5 o'clock, the rings were safe then; I returned a little after 6—the prisoner has been to the shop about half a dozen times in the three months before the robbery, always asking for plated studs, or mother of pearl buttons; he said nothing about the price till the last time, which was on 17th Oct. between 1 and 2, the day of the robbery, he came and asked if we kept plated studs—I said, "About what price?"he said, "Half a crown"—I said we did not keep them—I recognised him as having been in several times before, and spoke to him very sharply in consequence—he turned to leave the shop, and I went to my dinner; but as I did not hear the door close, I turned, and found him three parts of the way up the counter—he immediately pulled up short on his toes, as if he had been walking quietly, and said, "Can you tell me where I can get them, Sir?"—I told him he could get them lower down—this stud is exactly like the one he wore on that day—he generally came in different dresses, and always when no one was in the shop, about mealtimes—I was generally in the counting house.

Cross-examined. Q. You swear the stud he wore was exactly like that? A. Yes; there is no difference whatever; this has five sides, I noticed that there were five sides to his stud—I noticed that that was the pattern, and I should say, it was just the size of this.





GEORGE GLOSSOP
. I am inspector of the detective police at Birmingham. I saw a description in the route book, in which we send descriptions round by route; in consequence of which I communicated with Mr. Walton—I saw him when he came down—I saw the prisoner when he was apprehended and brought in on 1st Nov.—I said, "Oh! he is wanted in London for stealing diamond rings"—he replied, "I never was in London"—the turnkey said, "You told one of the officers that you went to the Exhibition"—he said, "Yes, I did go up once to see that"—he remained five days in my custody—I sent him somewhere else, and three months afterwards he was brought here—I got these two studs (produced) from the station to which the prisoner was first taken in Nov.—I placed them and his gold watch, and other things before him, and he said, "Give me my studs;" I said, "No; I must keep them, they are necessary to the case"—they exactly correspond with this other stud produced, and which was sent up by letter—when he was apprehended, a gold watch and chain, a gold ring, these studs, and 13s. were found on him.




GUILTY
.
(The prisoner was further charged with having been before convicted.)





WILLIAM WILCOX
. I am a jeweller, of Bermondsey. I produce a certificate—(read—Central Criminal Court; William Richardson, convicted of stealing money from a till, Nov, 1849; confined one year)—I was a witness against him on another charge of stealing a gold watch, upon which he was acquitted—he is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

