






182. 




HENRY JOHNSON,



 EDWARD COOPER,



 WILLIAM HARRIS
, and 




WILLIAM HALL



, stealing 2 pewter-pots, value 3s.; the goods of 



William Taylor: Johnson having been before convicted: to which


HARRIS—pleaded 


GUILTY
.** Aged 16.

HALL—pleaded 


GUILTY
.** Aged 17.






Confined Forteen Days



and 




Whipped.







SAMUEL EASTMENT
 (policeman, T 7). On 5th Nov., a little before four o'clock in the morning, I was in the Clapham-road; the four prisoners and another, passed me—I followed them to Clapham-common—I heard a whistle from one of them, they then ran across from a public-house to the other side of the way, and then towards London—I saw a policeman on that side of the way—Hall ran away for a few yards—I seized him; he had this quart pot(produced) in his coat-pocket—he said, "I have got nothing"—Cooper threw a pot into a garden, the other policeman picked it up—it has on it, "William Taylor, Clapham"—Johnson said, "You have no business to take me; I am a respectable person; I should not have spoken to the others, if I had seen them in the street."

Johnson. I had only been in their company occasionally a few minutes. Witness. I had seen him with them for half-a-mile.





WILLIAM EMSLEY
. I am superintendent of Shoreditch workhouse. I know the prisoners; Johnson, Cooper, and Harris, are brothers, their name is Rawlings; the other one is Joseph Boley—I have known them three years, and have had them in custody many times—they all came to the relieving-officer the night before this, and had half-a-quartern loaf each; they said they had got work to-morrow.





WILLIAM MEW
. I am in Mr. Taylor's service. These pots are his—I missed them on 5th Nov.—I had cleaned them the day before.

Johnson's Defence. I was going to the races to get a job, and met these three; I had a handful of victuals; they asked me to give them some; I did so; the policeman looked to see what I had got and was satisfied; I could have gone away if I had been guilty.

Cooper's Defence. I was with the others, but turned back as my throat was sore and my shoes bad; the policeman came; the pot was found over the railings, and it was laid to me.





BENJAMIN EMSLEY

re-examined. I produce a certificate from this Court—( read—


Benjamin Rawlings, Convicted July, 1848, of robbery; Transported for seven years)—Johnson is the person—I had him in custody—I have heard him say he got off transportation by gammoning the doctor.

JOHNSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.


COOPER—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—



Confined Six Months.



Before Mr. Common Serjeant.

