




634. 




GEORGE EMMETT
 and 




WILLIAM ADAMS



; stealing 50lbs. weight of lead, value 30s.; and part of a leaden pump, 30s.; the goods of 



James Bowett: having both been before convicted.






WILLIAM JOHNSON
. I live in Waterloo-street, Camberwell,, and deal in marine stores. On 22nd Jan., at six o'clock in the morning, the two prisoners came and knocked me up—they both spoke, and said they had brought me two pumps for sale—they wanted me to buy them—I said, "Bring them this way"—they brought them into my stable—I said I would go and get a light—I then went out, and padlocked them in, and got two officers, who took them.





"WILLIAM JEPSON
 (policeman, P 72). I took. Emmett at Mr. Johnson's—I produce these two pumps, which were in the stable—this sucker of a pump I got from Mr. Bowett's—it fits one of these pumps.





RICHARD STACET
 (policeman, P 238). I took Adams in a cowshed belonging to Mr. Johnson.






JAMES BOWETT
. I live at Waterloo-street, Camberwell. I have no partner—I believe this pump was taken from my premises—I missed one from my back-garden, near the house—it was fixed in a wooden case, which was fixed in the garden—I was in the garden several times during the evening of 21st Jan.—I did not miss it then—I heard some one at it about nine o'clock in the evening—this is the sucker of it, which I gave to the officer.

Emmett's Defence. On the 22nd I was passing from Camberwellgreen, a little after six o'clock in the morning, with Adams; Johnson met us, and said, "Do you know anything about two pumps?"I said "No; "he said, "Come down, and look at them;" I said I did not mind; he took us into a cowshed, and went and brought in two policemen, and gave us in charge; I told the policeman, before he had scarcely entered, that Mr. Johnson took us there.

COURT
to
WILLIAM JOHNSON. Q. Did you fetch them to look at these pumps? A. Certainly not; they came to my house, and knocked violently.; I came down, and took them in.

Adams's Defence, My master missed a pump; he traced it to Johnson's place, and be went about it; be denied it, and then be came and took us there.





DENNIS FITZPATRICK
 (policeman, P 102). I produce a certificate of Emmett's conviction at Newington—(read—Convicted May, 1849, confined eighteen months, and whipped)—he is the man.





WILLIAM GIBBS
 (policeman, V 77). I produce a certificate of Adams's conviction at Newington, by the name of William Horton—(read—Convicted Sept., 1848, and confined eight months)—he is the man.

EMMETT—


GUILTY
 Aged 19. ADAMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.




Transported for seven Years

(There was another indictment against the prisoners.)
