




400. 




JAMES MURPHY
 and 




JAMES WILLIAMS
. were indicted for

 a burglary in the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Hampden, and stealing a watch, and other articles, value 3l.; his goods.


MR. O'BRIEN
conducted the Prosecution.






ROBERT ADAMS
 (policeman, B 158). On the morning of 29th Feb. I was on duty in Ebury-square, about 4 o'clock—that is about thirty yards from Mr. Hampden's—I saw the two prisoners coming in a direction from Mr. Hampden's—Murphy had a bundle—I stopped them, put my hand into the bundle, and said, "You are hard at it, mate"—he said, "It is all serene"—that means calm, square, beautiful—the bundle was in a silk handkerchief—I asked him what was in it—he said again, "It is all serene"—I said, "I don't dispute your word, but I may as well have a look"—I found in the bundle some cigars—I said, "I see you have only got a few cigars, but where did you get them?"—he said, "From Hounslow"—the prisoners both attempted to get away—they took a step one each way—I seized them both by their

neck-handkerchiefs, and the bundle fell from Murphy—I called for assistances—Butler came up, and we took them to the station—I think Butler took the handkerchief and cigars to the station—I searched the prisoners—I found on Williams this watch, some matches, a piece of candle, and 5s. 3 1/2 d. in pence and halfpence, and 1s. 6d. in farthings—the watch was secreted between his shirt and his skin—I asked him whose the watch was, and he said it was his own—I found on Murphy this tablecloth, 4s. 3 1/2 d. in pence and halfpence, and 5 1/2 d. in farthings, two knives and a chisel, a stone bottle of shrub, a piece of candle, and some lucifers—I took this silk handkerchief from his neck—I went back to the place where I apprehended the prisoners, and found seven cigars, a pair of scissors and case, and a spoon—Williams' hat fell off where I captured him, and this blue and white handkerchief fell from it.





MR. THOMAS HAMPDEN
. I keep the Red Lion, Pimlico, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square. On Saturday night, 28th Feb., I went to bed about half-past 12 o'clock—I fastened my bar, and locked it up—I was the last person up—I came down in the morning about 9—I found the bar window was up, and the fastening was taken away—it had been fastened by a screw—one of the panes had been broken, and a small hand could go in and take the screw out—I had some coppers in the till, I suppose 11s. or 12s. worth, in pence, halfpence, and farthings—they were all gone in the morning—this watch was on the mantelpiece, in a marble stand—I have had it twenty-four or twenty-five years—I cannot identify this stone bottle—this silk handkerchief, to the best of my belief, is mine—this hat, that fell from Williams, I have worn for two years—I am sure it is mine.

Murphy. Q. That handkerchief belongs to a young man I know; can you swear to it? A. To the best of my belief, it is mine; there is no mark on it.

Williams. Q. What do you swear to the watch by? A. It belonged to my wife; I am positive it is the article that I left in the bar—I have had it twenty-four years—it has always been in that mantelpiece ornament—I do not know what name is in it—I had exactly 1lb. of cigars, and I have no doubt they weigh that weight now—they are exactly the same as I had—I took in this handkerchief on the Saturday night—it belonged to a lodger of mine—it had a clean shirt in it—the shirt was left, but the handkerchief was gone—this tablecloth is mine—it has my initials on it.





WILLIAM MORAN
 (Police-inspector.) I examined the prosecutor's premises—they were entered through a back yard, through a kitchen window—there were the marks of a knife and a chisel on the bar window—I compared this knife and awl with the marks—they exactly corresponded—this knife was found on Murphy, in my presence.





ROBERT ADAMS

re-examined. I found this brad-awl close by where I took the prisoners.

Murphy's Defence. We had been to Knightsbridge to a concert; we were coming home, and met two men; they asked us to carry these things; we were a little intoxicated.

MURPHY—


GUILTY
.

WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
.
(James Murphy was further charged with having been before convicted).





JAMES KNIGHT
 (policeman, B 128). I produce a certificate—(read—April 6th, 1847; James Birmingham, convicted at Clerkenwell on his own confession, of stealing a loaf; confined six months)—I was present—Murphy is the man.

MURPHY—GUILTY.* Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.


WILLIAMS—Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

