




920. 




JOHN NOCTON
 and 




ELLEN M'NAMARA



, robbery on 



Charles Wilkins, and stealing from his person 21s., his property: M'Namara having been before convicted.


MR. HORRY
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES WILKINS
. I am foreman to Mr. Holls, a baker, in Union-street, Somers'-town; I live there. On Saturday night, 30th July, I was in the neighbourhood of Broad-street and New Oxford-street—I was sober; I had only drank two half pints of beer all the week—I wanted to get to Somers'town—I saw the female prisoner, and asked her the way there—she told me she would direct me directly—she had no bonnet on—she asked me to give her a glass of gin—I went into a public house and gave her one—I then went with her I suppose fifty or sixty yards—in going along she said she would show me the road directly, but she was going in after her bonnet—we came to a court, and I went down the court because I was a foolish man, I suppose—when I got to the door of a cottage, she said, "Walk in"—she then told me to shut the door and bolt it—she did not give any reason for going in, but when I was inside she told me to slip the bolt, and I did so—she then told me if I would give her 6d. she would strip naked—I said I would have no such thing—I tried to leave the house—I put my hand up to the bolt but did not reach it, she seized me too quickly; she caught bold of my left band trowsers pocket—I had a crown piece in that pocket, 15s. in silver, a key, and 1s. 4d. or 1s. 6d. in my right hand jacket pocket—I am not positive which—when I treated her at the public house, I took the money out of my jacket, not out of my trowsers—she caught hold of me, and I could not get her band loose—I seized it with all my might, but found she was stronger than me—we had a struggle; I was on my knees, and she sung out, "Why don't you come in? come in!"—and the male prisoner came in and struck me—I was then on one knee, and he shoved me on my back on a kind of cot or couch; he held me there with his arm across my throat—while he did that the woman was emptying my pockets—I missed about 21s. and a key—I had a watch, and I saw the man make a grip at the chain of it—the watch was concealed under the waistcoat, and did not go—I do not know what became of the female, the man held me down till she escaped—they did not say a word that I know of—I believe they both left me; I found the door open, and was glad to get out—I spoke to an officer, and gave a description of the persons—he took them.


Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. Had you ever seen the prisoners before? A. No; the door was close to the street—I bolted the door by her orders—I did not know but that was going the direct way home—I could not have bolted the door, or else the man could not have come in—I was not thinking of something else—there was a light on the mantelpiece—it was a small room—I drank a glass of gin in the public house, and gave this woman one—I had no more than one glass, and that was the only thing I had the whole week, except two half pints of beer from the Saturday night before—I had one half pint of beer about 8 o'clock, and the other after that—Saturday night is the only night I go out for a mouthful of fresh air—I went out about half past seven o'clock, and from then till 11 o'clock I was walking about Soho-square, and Holborn, and Gray's Inn-lane—I never sat down from the time I went out—I had one half pint of beer at a public house at the corner of the Colonnade, Russell-square—I went in there, and remained about half a minute—it was then close upon 9 o'clock—I had the other half pint half an hour afterwards, at Mr. Shuter's, the Six Dials—I did not meet any friend there—I have got no friend—I stopped there half a minute—I had never seen either of the prisoners before, to my knowledge—I think I should know the house now if I were to go out—I do not know whether it was a bed or a cot that was in the room—I did not look at it—I was not lying down on it with the woman—I bolted the door by her order; I thought she might be going to put her shawl on—I bolted it to keep it shut, I suppose—when I left home I had 20s. in one pocket—there was a 5s. piece, and the rest shillings and sixpences, in my left hand pocket—I carried the watch in my trowsers pocket—the man prisoner had his elbow on my throat—I could not holloa for assistance—my waistcoat was broken open—it was unbuttoned—my braces were not unbuttoned—I did not undo my braces myself—I had a sailor's jacket on—I have been to sea—when my waistcoat was undone my gold chain was to be seen—it is a alight chain—this woman and I bad not an altercation about a sixpence—that was not the cause of the struggle—it was because I would not give her sixpence to strip naked.





HENRY BINGHAM
 (policeman, E 153). About 11 o'clock on Saturday night, 30th July, Wilkins made a communication to me, in consequence of which I went to a house with him—I found a padlock on the door—it was fastened—Wilkins gave me a description of certain persons, who he complained bad robbed him; in consequence of that I took the two prisoners, about 2 o'clock in the morning—I told them why I took them—they said they knew nothing about it—I found on Nocton 7s. 8 1/2 d. and a key, which I tried to the padlock, and unlocked it—I had seen M'Namara go down with Wilkins, and saw Nocton go down there—Wilkins was perfectly sober.

Cross-examined. Q. Did Wilkins show you the house? A. He did.

MR. RIBTON
to
CHARLES WILKINS. Q. What did you pay for the first half pint of beer? A. A penny—I did not carry my money in a purse—I stood in the bar while I drank the beer—there might be half a dozen persons there—when I had the next half pint I paid for that in copper out of the change I had for the first half pint—if I changed a 4d. bit I had 3d. out of it—I paid a penny at the second public house—I was drinking there about half past 9 o'clock—there were a great number of persons there—that money was in my right hand pocket, the left pocket I never touched—I had in my right hand pocket some halfpence, a sixpence, and a shilling—I counted the money under a lamp about two minutes before I saw the female prisoner—I did it just to see if he had paid me right—he had never paid me in silver before—after four hours I suddenly thought that my master might have given

me wrong, and I counted it to see—there were persons passing and repassing.

M'Namara was further charged with having been before convicted.






HENRY BINGHAM

re-examined. I produce a certificate—(read: "Ellen M'Namara was convicted on her own confession, Nov. 1848, of stealing a waistcoat, a scarf and other articles. Confined Three Months")—she is the person I have known Nocton about six months—he is living with the female, and is in the habit of following her of a night.
NOCTON AGED 27.




GUILTY



M'NAMARA—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.





Transported for Seven Years.

