




415. 




GEORGE ELLIOTT
, and 




WILLIAM LADD



, stealing 2 shillings, and 5 pence; the moneys of 




Daniel Griffith, from his person: Ladd having been before convicted.







DANIEL GRIFFITH
. I live at Whetstone; I belong to the railway. On 15th Jan. I asked a policeman the way to Southgate Cottages—he directed me—I was going there, and was in Church-road, crossing from one pathway to another, and slipped down—it might be about five or ten minutes past six o'clock—I do not say but I had had a little drink during the day—I was pretty much the same as I am now—about the same—a little bit sensible—the prisoners came to me, and Elliott put his hand into my pocket and took out two shillings, and five pence in copper—I was afraid to speak, or to move for fear of some bodily harm—I let him go I suppose ten or twelve yards from me, and got up and followed them—I did not pretend that I knew anything about the robbery—I followed them, and they got arm-in-arm with me—I met the officer ten or twelve yards on, and gave them into custody.





HENRY WALLACE
 (policeman, N 404). I directed Griffith to Southgate Cottages, and then lost sight of him for a few minutes—I then saw him linked with the prisoners—he was drunk, but quite sensible—I hastened after them—they did not see me till I was within five yards—I seized Elliott by the arm, and asked Griffith if he had lost anything—he said he had lost two shillings and some odd halfpence—one shilling and five-pence was found on Elliott at the station—he said he had been out from three o'clock that day, and he had 1s. 6d., and all he had had was one glass of beer, which came to a penny—he afterwards said he had had a glass of gin—the sergeant said to him, "You said beer before"—he then said be had gin and beer, and that he had had 1s. 7d. with him at first.

Elliott. Q. Did you not tell me to assist you in leading the prosecutor along? A. No.





JOSEPH MARK
 (police-sergeant, N 3). I was near the cell-door where the prisoners were, and one said to the other, "It is lucky they did not find the other bob;" the other said, "Hush!"

Elliott's Defence. We were going down the road; this man fell down, and I assisted him up; he was so drunk he could not stand; we were walking along with him; the policeman came up, and he said, "I will give this man in charge;" he said to him, "What have you lost?" he said, "Nothing;" he then said he had lost a shilling, and then he said 1s. 5d., and after we were searched he said 2s. 5d.

Witness. He said he had lost 2s. 5d. before the prisoners were searched.

Ladd's Defence. I saw the prosecutor lying on his back, and lifted him up.





WILLIAM HARRIS
 (policeman, N 112). I produce a certificate of Ladd's conviction—(read—Convicted March, 1846, and confined three months)—he is the person—he has since then been twice convicted for uttering counterfeit coin.

ELLIOTT—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—



Confined Six Months.


LADD—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

