



916. 




RICHARD HOOPER



, feloniously forging and uttering a receipt for money, with intent to defraud.


MR. GIFFARD
conducted the Prosecution.






PERCY LAMBERT
. I am a guard on the London and North Western Railway, and a member of the Railway Guards' Universal Friendly Society—there is a section of that Society called the Widows' and Orphans' Fund; of the King's-cross branch of which the prisoner was local secretary—it was his duty to pay to the recipients of the Charity the moneys received by him within his district, and to take a receipt from them—it was also his duty to keep a book of the disbursements—I have seen him write—the whole of this disbursement book (produced) is his writing, except the initials of the general secretary, who balances the accounts—these two letters (produced) are in the prisoner's writing, and the signature to this third letter is his, but not the body—I received a letter from Tucker, in consequence of which I sent to the prisoner, and he came to my house (that was eight or ten days before I went before the Magistrate)—I showed him Tucker's letter; this is it (produced), he read it—there are complaints in it of one of the widows in his district not receiving her money—he said it was false, the widow had got the money, and the Society had got the receipts, and what did they want more—I said, "Just so, but I merely as a fellow-servant send you that letter to let you know what the scandal is; as it is likely to injure you in your situation, I thought it right to let you know;" and I said that as the letter would have to be produced before the meeting, he had better give me a memorandum denying the statement in the letter; and he made one, but not in my presence—the memorandum is in the prisoner's writing, and so is this receipt (produced)—the signature, "Eliza Tuckwood," on the receipt is the prisoner's writing; it should have been "Ann Tuckwood;" it is dated 19th Dec, and is for 1l. 12s. 2d.—the whole of these eight receipts (produced) are in the prisoner's writing, the body and the signature as well—the body of this genuine receipt (produced) is in the prisoner's writing; it is for the Oct. payment, and is dated Nov. 8th—the counterfoils in this receipt book (produced) are in the prisoner's writing; I found them in a box at the King'scross Station, which was pointed out to me—these blank forms of receipt which are filled up all but the signature, are all in the prisoner's writing—this letter (produced) is in the prisoner's writing.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. It was the prisoner's duty to pay the persons entitled to a pension the money, and to produce a receipt, and deliver it to the Society? A. Yes; he would receive the money from the Society, and give them a receipt in his own name, and they would hold

him responsible for the money until he produced the receipts of the recipients—(receipt read: "Railway Guards' Universal Friendly Society, Widows' and Orphans' Fund; received of the King's-cross District Committee, 1l. 12s. 2d., being the amount due to me for thirty-nine days, as widow of Charles Tuckwood, a member of the above fund. Eliza Tuckwood; Dec. 19,1852. ")





ANN TUCKWOOD
. I am widow of the late Charles Tuckwood, a railway guard, on the Great Northern line; he was a member of this friendly society, and died on 8th Sept. This receipt of 19th Dec. is not my signature, nor did I authorise any one to sign it for me—I received 2l. on 16th Nov., and gave a receipt for it—at my husband's death I became entitled to 5s. per week from the Society, and the first payment was made to me on 16th Nov.; this is my signature to the receipt for it (produced)—I did not see the prisoner on that occasion, he sent the money to me, and I gave this receipt—the next occasion was on 29th Jan., when I received 1l., and had a receipt made out for me, but it was not a proper form, it was for 3l.; I signed it, and also 2l. on March 5th—I received 7l., in all, and I ought to have received 11l. 12s.—when I gave the receipt for 2l., I only received 1l. 16s.—there was something deducted for two months' pay which my husband was in arrear; the prisoner sent me word so—none of these other seven receipts are in my writing, nor did I authorise anybody to sign them—they are signed, "Eliza Tuckwood," and that is not my name—Mr. Kemp brought me this letter, and these receipts, and I refused to sign them.

Cross-examined. Q. You gave the prisoner no direct authority to sign receipts, but did you at all authorise him to sign receipts for you? A. No; nothing bad passed which could lead him to imagine that he had authority to sign my name—I had not made up my mind whether I would take the weekly allowance or the bonus.
(MR. BALLANTINE
here stated that he was unable to struggle with the facts of the case, but that the prisoner had a wife and six children dependent on him.)




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury. 


Transported for Ten Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
