



798. 



FREDERICK BROCKS



, stealing 10 neck handkerchiefs, value 2l.; goods of 



Charles Jannings.






MICHAEL HAYDON
 (City policeman). On Saturday afternoon, 25th June, about half past 4 o'clock, I was with Bassett, on the Surrey side of London-bridge, and saw the prisoner who I knew; we followed him into the City, he went down Arthur-street, King William-street, and East Cheap—there was no one with him—I and Bassett spoke together, in consequence of which I

remained opposite the prosecutor, Mr. Jannings's shop, for five or ten minutes, and saw the prisoner come out from there—I had not seen him go in—I went into the shop and said something, and then joined Bassett—we went along Lime-street, Leadenhall-street, and Bishopgate-street—we still saw the prisoner; he went into an oil shop, and came out with three sheets of brown paper in his hand; he went to the corner of Liverpool-street, where I went up to him, and saw something bulky under his coat—he went along Bishopsgate-street, took these handkerchiefs (produced) from under his coat, and put them into the brown paper—we then stopped him, and laid hold of the parcel—in reply to what I said to him, he told me he had bought the handkerchiefs in Manchester of a man named Hartman, whose address he did not know, and that he got his living by selling such things—I took him back to the shop, and the property was identified.

Cross-examined by
MR. DUNCAN. Q. Did you take them from his pocket? A. No; from underneath his coat—I do not know whether he had a breast pocket; they seemed to be lower down than that—I am sure he said Manchester.





CORNELIUS BASSETT
 (City policeman), I was with Haydon, following the prisoner—I saw him go into Mr. Jannings' shop, and come out about ten minutes afterwards—he kept his left arm close to his side, ran across Fenchurch-street, and then walked hurriedly away down Lime-street—we followed him—he went into an oil shop and got some brown paper, into which he put the handkerchiefs in Liverpool-street—we stopped him, took him to Mr. Jannings' shop, and the handkerchiefs were identified.





HART DAVIES
. I am assistant to Mr. Jannings, a hosier. On 25th June, about half past 4 o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came and asked to look at a black handkerchief with embroidered corners—I showed him some, but we had not got exactly what he wanted—I went to the other end of the shop to inquire if we had anything likely to suit him, leaving him at the counter, and the handkerchiefs before him—I returned to him, and said those were the nearest we had got—he then asked to look at some white embroidered waistcoats—I took him up stairs, but not having anything likely to suit him, we came down again—he asked me if I could get them for him—I said I would endeavour to do so, and he said he would call again on Tuesday, and asked me for a card of the shop—he made no purchase—I know these handkerchiefs, they belong to Charles Jannings; some of them have his private mark on them—I did not miss any till Haydon brought the prisoner to the shop, but when we were shown the handkerchiefs we knew them to be our goods—I cannot positively say how many were gone, but we found that the stock was short.

Cross-examined, Q. What is the value of them all put together? A. 2 I observed no bulk about the prisoner as he left the shop—Haydon came about half an hour afterwards, and I said I had not missed anything; but directly I saw them I identified them—I only identify positively these three with the private mark on them—I cannot say whether Mr. Jannings keeps a stock book; I have never seen one; I have been there five years—three young men and a youth serve in the shop besides me—I remember that these handkerchiefs were in stock the day before, and I have made inquiries, and found they have not been sold—we mark all goods with a private mark, but it occasionally gets off—the mark is in Mr. Jannings' writing—he is not here—I know his writing; these tickets are his writing—we never leave marks on handkerchiefs when we sell them.




GUILTY
.
(The prisoner was further charged with having been before convicted.)






JOSIAH WELCH
. I produce a certificate—(read—Frederick Tincher, convicted at Guildford, Aug., 1850—confined Four Months)—I was present—the prisoner is the person.

GUILTY. Aged 38.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(See also page 125).
