




380. 




JAMES BEASLEY
 and 




JOHN FLEMING



, stealing 1 flannel-shirt and 1 flannel-jacket, value 6s.; the goods of 




John Clark: Fleming having been before convicted. MR. THOMPSON
conducted the Prosecution.






LIONEL HODDER
 (policeman, V 52). I have known the prisoners five Or six years—on 23rd Dec, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I saw them together, coming down High-street, Putney, in the direction from Hammersmith—Beasley had a large bundle under his leftarm—I was in plain clothes—I was on one side of the road, and they on the other; and before they got up to me, Fleming stopped behind—it was a very foggy night—when Beasley got past a shop where there was a light, he turned, and saw me; and when he got past the lights, he ran, and I followed him 300 or 400 yards into Putney-fields, and lost sight of him—I was satisfied he had not gone on, and turned back, and met Fleming coming on; when he saw me, he began singing—I stopped him, and asked him where his mate was; he said he had not been with any one—I asked what he had about him; he said, "Nothing"—I unbuttoned his jacket, and found a flannel-jacket under his jacket and over his waistcoat; I felt it, and it was damp—I asked where he got it from, and he said he bought it of a Jew, in Petticoat-lane—I told him to pull it off; he did so—I examined it, and noticed on the right cuff a button about half off, and partly worn—I thought it might be his, and let him go—in about half a minute I met Beasley, and said, "Where is the bundle you were carrying?" he said, "I was carrying no bundle"—I said, "Yes, you were, a large bundle"—he said, "I was only carrying a few rags, which I have in my pocket—I searched him, and found under his jacket a flannel-shirt, which was wet—I said, "Where did you get it? it is very damp"—he said, "I know it is; I bought it in Petticoat-lane"—I told him to pull it off—this is it (produced)—his waistcoat was under it—the flannel-jacket produced is the one Fleming had on, I know it by a speck of black on one of the buttons.





HANNAH CLARK
. My husband's name is John Clark—we live in Hampshire Hog-lane, Hammersmith—this flannel-shirt, found on Beasley, is my husband's—I made it—on 23rd Dec., at half-past four o'clock, it was hanging on a line in my yard, to dry—I missed it at ten minutes to five—the jacket was there, and I missed it at the same time.





JOHN CLARK
. I am the husband of the last witness, and am a painter and glazier. This jacket is mine, and has the remains of my initials, "J. C.," on it, which I put on myself.





ANN RANDELL
. I am the wife of William Randell, of Albion-row, Hammersmith—we keep a meat-shop, 200 or 300 yards from Mr. Clark's—on 23rd Dec., about five o'clock in the afternoon, Beasley came, and asked if we sold sausages—I said we did not; and from a suspicion I had, I followed him to the door, and saw him joined by a youth who I am not able to identify—I had no light in the shop, but there was a lamp close by—I looked full at him.






EDWARD COCK
 (policeman, V 245). I took Fleming on 24th Dec., at his mother's, at Wandsworth—I asked him where the flannel-jacket was he had the night before; he said, "You b—r, I sold it to a Jew, and it is in Petticoat-lane before this time"—I took him to the station, and on the way he said, "You b—r, I suppose you are going to lag me this time?"





JAMES WILLIS
. I am in the service of Mr. Butcher, pawnbroker, of Wandsworth. I produce a flannel jacket which was, pledged on 24th Dec. in the morning by a man, in the name of John Smith—it was not either of the prisoners; I know them.





THOMAS OATLEY
 (policeman, V 190). I produce a certificate of Fleming's conviction—(read—Convicted at Central Criminal Court, Dec. 1847, having been before convicted; confined one year)—I was present—he is the person.

BEASLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined Six Months.


FLEMING—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

