



551. 




ALLAN TATLOCK
 was again indicted

, for feloniously forging and uttering a receipt for 3s. 5d., with intent to defraud.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
GIFFARD
conducted the Prosecution.






WALTER BROWNING EMMETT
. I am a coal merchant of 5, Trump-street, King-street, Cheapside. Mr. Kettle deals with me; this bill (produced) was delivered to him, the receipt to it is not my writing, or written by my authority—the money was not paid to me on 17th Feb.; it was paid to me by Mr. Kettle himself on 24th March—I have no partner.

Cross-examined by
MR. WOOLLETT. Q., How many clerks have you? A. None; I do my own business entirely, except the carrying out part—I have a man to go and receive bills for me occasionally; he receives money for me—the prisoner has never paid my servant money on any occasion.

MR. GIFFARD. Q., Is your servant authorised to give receipts? A. Yes; but he cannot write, he makes his mark—my wife and my daughter are authorised to write receipts for me, but this is not the writing of either of them—the body of the bill is in my writing.





GEORGE NELSON KETTLE
. I am a commission agent of 12, Laurence-lane, Cheapside. The prisoner was in my service five weeks, up to 24th Feb.; it was part of his duty to settle small accounts, and enter them in the petty cash book—I gave him the money to pay the bill with, he gave me this receipt (produced) there is an entry in this petty cashbook, "17, Emmett, coals, 3s. 5d."—he has written that himself—I know his writing as he was my corresponding clerk; I believe this signature to be his writing disguised—this receipt is dated 17th Feb.; I recollect the prisoner giving it to me, he may have given me others at the same time; I believe he did not, I have not many receipts—he gave it to me in my countinghouse, and I can almost swear it was at the time he settled my cash account for Feb.—I can swear he gave it to me, and have no doubt I put it on the file myself several times—there has not been the slightest ill-feeling between me and the pri-soner; on the contrary, I had a very great regard for him, and had just got him a situation of 80l. a year in Leadenhall-street—he was introduced to me by Mr. Rayner, of 19, Kingsland-crescent-r (Bill read:" Mr. Kettle, debtor to W. B. Emmett, 3s. 5d.; received, W. B. Emmett, 17th Feb., 1853. ")




GUILTY
of uttering
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Recorder and the Second Jury,
