




1026. 



JOHN WAKE
 and 



MARY ANN SEYMOUR



, robbery on 



Richard John Hudd, and stealing 1 waistcoat, 1 handkerchief, 1 cap, 1 pipe, 1 tobacco-box and 1 knife, value 6s. 6d., his property; Wake having been before convicted.






RICHARD JOHN HUDD
. On 15th April I was at the Victoria Theatre—after I came out I went into a coffee-shop in the New-cut, and saw Seymour and the witness Melbourn—Seymour asked where I was going—I said, "Home"—she said, "Shall I go with you?"—I said I did not want her—

she said, "Oh come along with me"—she said she was cold, and had some gin and peppermint, and then some coffee—I treated her—as we were going out of the house she said she did not want me for a minute—she went out and came in again, and then I accompanied her to 49, White Horse-street, New-cut—when she got in she sat down in a chair and said, "I want 2s. of you"—I said, "What for?" she said, "For showing you where I live"—I took my cap off the table and said, "I am going home;" and as soon as I had said that the prisoner Wake ran out from underneath the bed, took the poker out of the fender, and swore he would dash my brains out if I did not give the 2s.—another girl came into the room, and she took and fumbled my pockets—the prisoners were holding me at the time, and threatening me, and pushing me about—they made me pull off my waistcoat, and the girl that is away took off my neckerchief—the prisoner was hitting me in the chest—as soon as they had taken my things away I went out of the house—they followed me down-stairs, and went down a street just before you come to the house, and I went after a policeman—I found one in the Waterloo-road, and he returned with me to the house—I lost my waistcoat, handkerchief, cap, tobacco-box, and pipe—the girl that is away, took a knife out of my watch-pocket, and Wake my tobacco-box and pipe—Seymour did not take anything.

Wake. He said he had not got 2s., and he would give the girl these things instead. Witness. I did not; I did not give her any of the things—I pulled off my waistcoat while they were rummaging my pockets.





EMMA MELBOURN
. I was near the Victoria Theatre on 15th April, and saw the prosecutor come out of the coffee-shop with Seymour—she asked me if she might take him to my room—I said, "Yes," but I did not know that this was going to occur—I went up-stairs with them—I did not know that Wake was in my room at that time—I came down and stood at the street-door; and shortly after, hearing a disturbance, I went up to see what was the matter, and found Wake holding the prosecutor by the collar of his jacket, and Seymour had got her hand in his pocket—there was no one else there—I saw Wake take a meerchaum-pipe from his pocket—I had seen Wake about half an hour before in the Waterloo-road—I did not see him with the prosecutor—I am not aware that he was in the coffee-shop.





JOHN HAYTER
 (policeman, L 177). I took Seymour into Custody, on the morning of 22nd April—I said it was for being concerned with Wake in robbing a young man named Hudd of a waistcoat, handkerchief, and tobacco-box—she said, "I never had any of the things; Wake and Julia had them."





JAMES FROST
 (policeman, L 59). I took Wake into custody, about one o'clock, on the Sunday morning before the robbery, in Gibson-street, Waterloo-road—I told him what it was for—he told me the girl Julia's man was wearing the waistcoat, and also making use of the Meerchaum pipe; and as to the other things, he never had one of them; but the girl's man, who was along with Seymour, sold the knife at a public-house in Granby-street, for 6d., and he had a portion of the bread and cheese out of the 6d.

Wake. I told you I knew nothing about the robbery; all I knew of it was that the girl Julia had the things out of the room. Witness. He said he did not know any thing of the robbery.

Wake's Defence. On 15th April I went to a beer-shop in Lambeth-walk, with some more young men, and stayed there till twelve o'clock; we came into the Waterloo-road, and went into a coffee-shop; we were the worse for liquor; we had some coffee, and came out; they wanted me to go and have some more beer; I said, no, I should go home and go to bed; they said, if I did, they would come and pull me out; they went into a coffee-shop, and I

went home, to 49, White-horse-street; after I had been there some time I heard somebody coming up-stairs, and I blew out the candle, and got under the bed, thinking it was them come to pull me out; it was this girl and the prosecutor; I thought if I got from under the bed it might deprive her of her money, so I kept there; they sat there some time, and after they had been on the bed he would not give her the money; the took hold of him by the collar, and he gave her a cap, a tobacco-box, and a knife; she said that would not do; I came out, and said, "What game is this?" and told him to give her the money; on that, the other girl, Julia, came up, and Melbourn and her mother, and I went out, and let them settle it among themselves.





FREDERICK LANGTON
 (policeman). I know Wake by the name of 

Thatcher—I was present when he was tried at Horsemonger-lane, in 1847, for robbing a shop in the Brixton-road—he had six months—I produce the certificate—(read)—he has been in custody several times since.

WAKE—


GUILTY
.—


Transported for Ten Years.


SEYMOUR—


GUILTY
.—



Confined Twelve Months.


Before Mr. Recorder.

