



46. 




JAMES LAING



, feloniously setting fire to the dwelling house of 




Samuel Glover Farebrother, with intent to injure him.


MR. MCINTYRE
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES WILLOW FLEMING
. I am acting as foreman to Mr. Farebrother, a printer, in Bow-street. On the morning of 7th Nov., about 6 o'clock, I was awoke from my sleep by a loud noise in the house, and a cry of "Fire!"—I got on my things as quickly as I could, and rushed down stairs—I found an inner door open, which goes from the passage into the office—I found a very strong conflagration going on in a very large nest of drawers, used as a bulk, and containing papers—I then ran into the yard and got water as quickly as I possibly could—I threw it over the fire, and put it out with very great difficulty—Mr. Charles Farebrother came to my assistance, and a young man who lodges in the house as well—we had to tear the bulk to pieces, and had to tear up the plank, which was fastened to the floor, to get at it—on the left hand side I found another mass of fire, a quantity of paper and old bills quite in a strong blaze—I found the key of the door hanging in its usual place, where it had been the night before—I went down to the door and found that the lock had been taken off—I then suspected that the place had been set on fire wilfully—the Fire Brigade people came, and saw that it was all safely put out—I looked round the place to see if anything had been stolen, and, as far as we could tell, all was right—I afterwards saw the prisoner peeping suspiciously into the further window; I mentioned it to my employer, and went up stairs to put on my things, and in the meantime the policeman came to say that the prisoner had given himself up—this (produced) is the lock that was taken off the door—I have the key—the prisoner had been in Mr. Farebrother's employment, and had left about a week or fortnight—he had left us before, and been taken back again.





CHARLES BRINSLEY FAREBROTHER
. I live in Bartlett-court, Bow-street, and am manager to my brother. On 7th Nov. I was awoke between 5 and 6 o'clock by my wife, who said the place was on fire—I immediately got up and dressed myself, and went over to the office—I there found Fleming with a pail, trying to throw some water on the flames—I assisted him, from the water butt—Jackson, who lodges in the house, came down; and between us we managed to put the flames out—I then went to the bottom part of the dwelling house, and found that some lighted paper had been thrown through a broken pane in the door—on the left hand side of the door was a number of bills which we kept on a file; if the fire had caught them no doubt the whole premises must have come down—the paper that was thrown in was a number of the "London Journals" pinned together; so that a person, by lifting himself up, could reach it to the gas light in the passage, set it alight, and then throw it in—I think that was the way in which it was done there—I cannot tell how the other part had been fired—the prisoner knew the premises well—he had been working with us—he had not been discharged—there was a dispute about their wages not being paid, and he and several more had left the employment—some of his wages had been stopped.






JOSEPH GOUGH
 (policeman, F 41). On the morning of 7th Nov. I was on duty in Drury-lane—about 8 o'clock the prisoner came up to me and said, "Policeman, I wish to make a statement to you"—I asked him what it was—he said, "I am the man that set fire to Mr. Farebrother's place this morning, in Bow-street"—I asked him if he was employed at Mr. Farebrother's—he said he was not now, but he had been, and that Mr. Farebrother owed him three weeks' work, which he had stopped, and he had done this through revenge, at the same time not intending to burn the place down, but to make a smoke to frighten them—after he got to the station he gave me this knife, and said, "That is the knife that I got the lock off the door with"—he said, "I threw the lock over the hoarding at the corner of the Lyceum theatre"—I afterwards went there and found the lock; it was identified by Mr. Farebrother.

Prisoner. I beg for mercy.





GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Twenty Years.


Before Mr. Baron Alderson.

