



274. 





WILLIAM HAWKINS ADAMS



, embezzling 4s., whilst employed in the Post-office.—Other COUNTS for embezzling other sums of 3s. and 2s., the moneys of 

Her Majesty's Postmaster General.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





ROBERT THOMAS RANDALL ROBINSON
. I am a clerk, in the employment of Glyn and Co., bankers, of Lombard-street. It was part of my duty to take to the Post-office country bank notes, enclosed in an envelope, for the purpose of being remitted to our correspondents—I know the prisoner—it was his duty to receive the parcels I so took, and to receive the money for the postage—I went with a parcel to the General Post-office, on 4th Jan.—this (produced) is the cover of the parcel I then took—I delivered it to the prisoner, at the window of the Post-office—I had weighed it before I took it there—it weighed thirty-one ozs.—that was marked on it when I delivered it, in black ink—I cannot say whether the prisoner weighed it; he received it from my hands—I paid him 6s. 2d. on this parcel—that is not the postage for thirty-one ozs.; there was an error; it ought to have been 5s. 2d.—I made the error—I bad calculated the postage beforehand—the prisoner requires me to sign a book on my delivering the parcel, and he signs a book that I take—this is the book (producing it)—the entry here on 4th Jan., is "Bilston, 6s. 2d."—the parcel was directed, "T. Griffin, Esq., Bilston, district bank, Wolverhampton."





THOMAS BIRCH
. I am a clerk, in the London and Westminster bank. On 11th Jan., I took a parcel of notes to the Post-office—this (produced) is the envelope of one of the parcels I then took—it is addressed to Mr. Rae, of Liverpool—I had weighed that parcel before I took it—it weighed fifteen ozs.—I marked that on it—the amount of the postage was 2s. 8d.—I also marked that on it in black ink—I delivered it to the prisoner, at the window of the Post-office—I imagine that this mark in red ink is his—I did not see him do it—I paid him altogether 1l. 5s. 10d.—on this parcel I paid him 2s. 8d.—I did not take any book—I signed a book of his—at the same time I took another parcel, of which this (produced) is the cover—it is addressed, "S. Provis, Esq., Salisbury"—I weighed that—it weighed nineteen ozs.—I marked that on the parcel, and the amount of postage, 3s. 4d.—both these

marks are in black ink—I paid 3s. 4d. to the prisoner, on account of that parcel.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Just look at that "fifteen ozs." on that envelope, and see whether it has not been altered? A. No; it was not originally fourteen or sixteen, and altered to fifteen—I think this mark, is merely a continuation of the five—the bankers, clerks generally go to the Post-office about 3 o'clock with their parcels—we generally get there about the same time—I have seen four or five there at one time—I think 3 o'clock is about the time of the greatest pressure of business—I cannot say at what time the taking of parcels ceases—I have been as late as a quarter past 3 o'clock, not later—I speak from my memory as to haying paid these sums of 2s. 8d. and 3s. 4d.—I have a book, in which I enter the sums before leaving the Bank—I do not take it there with me for the prisoner to sign—I have my book, and can show the entry—it is an entry of what I was to pay—I can tell from memory the total sum—I paid a sum on thirteen parcels, I think, including those—I have no distinct recollection of each particular sum—I paid it all in one sum.





SAMUEL MARSDEN
. I am a messenger to Messrs. Masterman and Co., bankers. On the afternoon of 11th Jan. I took six bankers' parcels to the Post-office—this (produced) is the cover of one of them—it is addressed to Messrs. Bailey, of Abergavenny—the weight of the parcel was marked on it by one of the clerks, not in my presence; it is "23 oz.," and "4s." is marked on it in black ink as the amount of the postage—that was on the wrapper when I took it with the others—I took this book with me (producing one); the prisoner signed it—the entry is, "Bailey and Co., Abergavenny, 4s."—that was written by the clerk, and signed by the prisoner—I paid the prisoner 15s. 6d., in the whole—the postage of this parcel was 4s.—the prisoner put his name against that after he had received the parcel and the money.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see him sign it? A. I cannot say that I saw him sign it", I saw him writing, but I could not see the book, the desk being high and the counter low—I am sure he is the person that received the money from me—I knew him.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Who handed you the book back after you saw him writing? A. The prisoner.





CHARLES JOHN NASH
. I am a clerk in the General Post-office. I know the prisoner as being also a clerk there for many-years—it was his duty to receive bankers' parcels at the Post-office; they are received between the hours of 3 o'clock and 5 o'clock every day except Monday—it was the prisoner's duty to take the parcels and to check them, to see that the amounts were correct—he was to receive the money, and to weigh them to see that the weight marked on them by the bankers was correct—he would then mark the amount of postage on them in red ink—I see the red ink marks on these envelopes that have been produced; they indicate the amount of postage—I believe them to be in the prisoner's handwriting—there is no red ink mark of the weight, only the amount of postage—the prisoner has a book in which to enter the parcels; this (produced) is it—here is an entry on 4th Jan. in the prisoner's handwriting—it is, "No. of the parcel, 29; addressed to Thomas Griffin, Wolverhampton: weight, 1 oz., postage, 2s. 2d."—there is a number, "29," on the parcel; that is put there by the prisoner.

COURT. Q. Postage 2s. 2d. for one oz.; is not that rather dear? A. That is the entry in the book—that is quite absurd on the face of it.

MR. BODKIN. Q. On 11th Jan. do you find an entry of a parcel addressed to Mr. Rae, of Liverpool? A. Yes; the number of the parcel is twelve—I find that same number on the envelope that is here, in the prisoner's writing

—I also find a tax of 2s. 8d. on the envelope, for postage; the weight is fifteen ounces—the entry in the book is, "No. 12, G. Rae, Liverpool; 9 ozs., 1s. 8d.;" that is all in the prisoner's writing—here is an envelope addressed to Mr. Provis, of Salisbury, on the same day—the number on it is "13," the weight nineteen ounces, and the charge for postage 3s. 4d., in the prisoner's writing; the entry in the book is, "No. 13, S. Provis, Sailsbury; weight 7 oz., postage 1s., 4d."—here is also an envelope addressed to Messrs. Bailey on the same day, number sixteen, weight twenty-three ounces, charge 4s., in the prisoner's writing; it is entered in his book as, "No, 16, Bailey and Co., Abergavenny; weight 11 oz., postage 2s."—that is all in the prisoner's writing—he would have to account to Mr. Mellish for the, postage he received according to the entries in this book—the alleged receipts on the 4th are cast up in the. book each day—the total which he charges himself with having received for parcels on the 4th 1s. 5l., 12s. 10d., and on the 11th 5l. 8s. 6d.

Cross-examined. Q. Is there a president, whose duty it is to overlook this account, to check it and cast it up, and compare it with the parcels? A. To cast it up; the president casts it up as it is presented each day—I have not seen him check it with the parcels before they are sent off—I do not know whether that is his duty or not—there is, more pressure in the receipt of these parcels at some periods of the day than others,; the bankers' clerks, come more together at one portion of the time.

MR. BODKIN, Q.
IS this a part of the Post-office quite separate from the ordinary business? A. It is a room by itself—the prisoner has no other duty to perform daring this time than to receive these parcels—the Post office enclose these parcels in other covers, and address them to the postmasters of, the towns to which they go—the prisoner had a clerk to assist him on Tuesdays; that is our most busy day—there is nothing on the covers in which the Post-office enclose them indicating the weight or the amount of the postage,.—Mr. Partridge was the president on duty on the 4th, and Mr. Bourne on the 11th.





HENRY MELLISH
. I am one of the window clerks at the Post-office. It, was the prisoner's duty to account to me for the money he received at the window for the bankers' parcels—I have a book in which I enter what I receive (referring to it)—on 4th Jan. I received from him 5l. 12s. 10d., and on 11th 5l. 8s. 6d. for bankers' parcels—I made these entries upon those several receipts; the entries in the prisoner's book on those dates correspond. with mine—he paid me nothing more on either of those days for bankers' parcels—I have not cast up the book; that is not my duty—the sums I so received were paid over to the revenue.

Cross-examined. Q. On 4th Jan. there were fifty-six parcels accounted for, were there not? A. I do not know how many; I receive the money in a total sum—I do not see the prisoner's book.





ROBERT PARTRIDGE
. I am one of the presidents of the Post-office. This is the book which it was the prisoner's duty to keep—I have cast up the book, and debited the office with the amounts stated—the prisoner casts up the book in the first instance; I check it—he has cast this up—I saw that his casting was correct; it amounts on the 4th to 5l. 12s., 10d.—I did not do it on the 11th.

Cross-examined. Q. On 4th Jan. I think there are fifty-six parcels entered? A. Yes; there is a column headed, "Partner or Clerk"—that is signed by the person who brings the parcel.





HENRY BOURNE
. I am one of the presidents of the Post-office; I was acting as such on 11th Jan. last—on that evening the prisoner accounted to

me for 5l. 8s. 6d.—it is my business to check the casting of the book—I have done so in this instance—it appeared to have been correctly cast—the bankers' clerks have signed it.

Cross-examined. Q. There were fifty-nine parcels, I think? A. Yes

R. T. R. ROBINSON
re-examined. I see my name to this entry in the prisoner's book of 4th Jan.—it is my signature—I do not remember whether the amount charged for postage was entered when I signed it.





THOMAS BIRCH

re-examined. I see my name to this entry on the 11th—I cannot say whether the amount of postage was there at the time I signed it—my name is against Mr. Provis's parcel—I have no recollection of seeing the amount of postage charged in that instance.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose the book was put before you and you signed your name, and away you went? A. I signed my name to the number of parcels I left—I cannot say that I looked to see what the entry was—there were thirteen parcels.





SAMUEL MARSDEN

re-examined. I see my signature here to the entry on 11th Jan. of the parcel to Messrs. Bailey—I wrote that at the time; I cannot say whether the amount of the postage appeared there at the time I signed this—I have my book, which the prisoner signed (producing it).

C. J. NASH
re-examined. I see a signature to this entry in Mr. Marsden's book on the 11th—I believe it to be the prisoner's writing (reads—"Six parcels delivered to W. H. Adams."

MR. ROBINSON
re-examined. I have a book, which was handed up with the parcels, on 4th Jan.—I did not see any person sign it.

C. J. NASH
re-examined. I see a signature to this entry on the 11th—the entry is "Five. W. H. A.;" that is in the prisoner's writing—on the 4th there is an entry of "Seven. W. H. Adams;" that is the prisoner's writing—above that are entered seven bankers' parcels, and the postage 1l. 0s. 6d.





MATTHEW PEAK
. I am a constable, attached to the Post-office. I took the prisoner into custody on 20th Jan., at the Post-office—Mr. Peacock told him, in my presence, that he was charged with embezzling the postage on bankers' parcels, and directed me to take him to Bow-street—I took him there, and from thence to the Mansion House, in a cab—I found 38l. 15s. 1d. on him—as we were going along in the cab he asked me what was to be done with his money—I said it would be in my possession until I received instructions from Mr. Peacock to know how it was to be disposed of—he said, "Because I want some money to employ a solicitor"—I said, u You can do so by applying to the Lord Mayor"—he said, "I don't think it is necessary; it is a clear case, and I shall not give the office any trouble"—after being examined at the Mansion House he was remanded till the next week—I brought him to Newgate—on the way he said, "It appears this has been a long time inquiring about"—I said, "Yes, so it appears; but I know nothing about it; neither do I know how it was found out"—the prisoner said, "I can see how it was found out; I was in the country some time ago, and Mr. Nash performed my duties while I was away, and they must have seen that his takings must have been about 1l. more than mine"—he then said, "This would not have occurred if it had been in the old Presidents' time; for they always came into the room and examined the parcels by the book; but since the present Presidents have been appointed they have not done so"—there was an observation made by the Lord Mayor with reference to the amounts in the book, when Mr. Nash was giving his evidence, and the prisoner said Mr. Nash did not explain the amounts correctly—he said that to me; it was all in a running conversation

—he said Mr. Nash did not explain the correct amounts, "because," he said, "eight ounces is considered nine, because we don't write the word exceed eight ounces; if it exceeds eight ounces, it is nine"—he said, "With reference to the thirty-one ounces, where there is only one, that was a mistake; I intended to make it twelve"—I was not examined before the Magistrate.

Cross-examined. Q. Then this is the first time you have given this evidence in Court? A. It is; I appeared before the Lord Mayor, but did not give evidence; no deposition of mine was taken—I have not been on terms of personal intimacy with the prisoner—this running conversation took place in coming from the Mansion House and going to Newgate, and from Bowstreet to the Mansion House—I have stated what he told me—I have been a witness in 141 Post-office cases—I do not remember anything happening to me when Sir Frederick Thesiger was Attorney-General; there was no remark made—it was some representation of yours to the Jury, but they did not believe it—I do not remember Sir Frederick Thesiger telling me to stand down, and saying he would not act on such evidence—I never had a censure passed upon me—I will not swear it was not said; as far as my knowledge goes, I am quite certain it did not happen—I did not make any memorandum of this running conversation—I explained to Mr. Peacock what the Prisoner said on each occasion, as was my duty—I did not state before the Lord Mayor that I could prove this

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was the solicitor of the Post-office there as well as you? A. Yes—no part of this conversation was after the prisoner's committal—I have been a constable of the Post-office sixteen years, and without any complaints—as to what Mr. Payne says, it is what he stated to the Jury; he has a general propensity to run down a witness; I have heard you tell him so.
(Richard Williams, warehouseman, of Friday-street; James Norris, market gardener, of Isleworth; and Edward Healey, wine and spirit merchant, of Islington, deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 44.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury, on account of his previous good character.
—



Transported for Fifteen Years. (There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)

Before Mr. Baron Martin.

