






470. 



THOMAS LOVELL,


 JOHN WHITE




ELIZA REDDING
, and 



CLARA FISHER



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




William Skeffington, and stealing 1 cash-box, value 5s.,34 sovereigns, 8 shillings, 2 pence, 2 10l. bank-notes, and 3 5l. bank-notes; his property.—Other COUNTS charging WHITE, REDDING, and FISHER  with receiving the property.


MESSRS. BALLANTINE
and
COCKLE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM SKEFFINGTON
. I am a stationer, of 192, Piccadilly, in the parish of St. James, Westminster—it is my dwelling-house—I have employed Lovell on three or four occasions to clean out my shop after the hours of business—I employed him on 21st Jan., as near as I can tell, up to ten o'clock, or a quarter past—he came after business hours; the shutters were up, and he came in at the private door—I left the shop, and went upstairs—I came down about every quarter of an hour, to see how he was getting on—I noticed that he ought to have cleaned under the door first, as I did not like the door open late, and he said he would do it directly—I came down about ten, he said he had done—he then advanced towards the shop door, which opens into the street, and moved the three bolts—I believed he fastened it—if I had not thought so I should have tried it myself—I then said, "You must come out by this door," the passage door, and I locked if, and took the key to my bed-room—I was called about five in the morning, and found the shop door open—my desk in the shop was broken open, and my cash-box, which was safe at a quarter-past nine the night before, was gone—I saw it at a quarter-past nine, and when I let the prisoner out at ten I tried the desk, and it was locked—there were two 10l. notes, three 5l. notes, about thirty-two

sovereigns, and other money and papers in the cash-box—under the desk I found this chisel (produced)—I was present when Cronin searched the shop, and saw him find some lucifer-matches and the remains of a taper that had been burnt—some hours after, I found in the shutter-box, under the counter, a filthy handkerchief, and marked with blood—there were also marks of urine about the shop—there is room in that place for any one to have lain down—I went in myself—it is the length of the shutters.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. How long has Lovell been in the habit of cleaning out your shop? A. I believe he had been employed twice before, about a fortnight or a month before—next morning I and the police-man went to his father's about half-past five, or a quarter to six—the prisoner came to my shop about half an hour after that, and said he had come in consequence of my having sent to his house—I said I had been robbed, and charged him with it—his father's house is about ten minutes' walk from my shop—his father answered the door—we searched the room—every facility was afforded us.





PAUL CRONIN
 (policeman, C 158). I was on duty in Piccadilly on 22nd Jan. I tried Mr. Skeffington's door two or three times in the course of the night, and at three o'clock it was fast—I tried it again at five, and found it was unfastened—I called Mr. Skeffington up—I took Lovell into custody the same morning.

Cross-examined. Q. He came to the shop while you were there? A. Yes; I suggested to his parents that he had better come—I searched his father's house—every reasonable facility was given us—we first went at a few minutes before six—when I tried the door in the night, I turned the handle and pushed hard, and there was just the usual resistance—when I went to Lovell's house I saw his father and mother, and they said he was gone to Covent-garden—I had not the chisel with me then.

Redding. Q. Do you know me? A. No.





JAMES BROWN
 (policeman, F 142). On the morning of 22nd Jan. I was on duty in Wellington-street, Strand, with Hard, and about half-past six I saw Redding and Fisher going towards Waterloo-bridge—we followed them on to the bridge—I stopped Redding, and asked what she had got there—she said, "Nothing"—she had this cash-box under her arm—I said, "Let me see it"—she said, "I shan't"—I took it from under her shawl, under her arm—she said Fisher gave it her to carry—Fisher had walked a little a head, and was not within hearing—I took her into custody, took her to Bow-street, and she there stated, in Fisher's presence, that she gave it to her—Fisher said she did not.

Fisher. Q. Do you know me? A. I know Redding.





WILLIAM HARD
 (policeman, A 85). I was with Brown—we followed the two females—Redding had something under her shawl—I stopped Fisher—she put her hand in her bosom, drew out a white handkerchief, and attempted to throw it over the bridge—I prevented her, and put it into my pocket, and put my hand in her bosom, and took from it an empty tin box and these two letters (produced), one addressed "Mr. Lovell," the other "Mr. Lovell, 10, Peter-street, Golden-square, St. James's"—I took her to the station, and on the way she said, "Oh my God, if I get over this, I won't have nothing to do with anything of the kind again"—she said, "Do you think I shall get more than ten years?"—I said, "Don't ask me "—in the handkerchief I found these eleven sovereigns (produced)—I was present the same morning when West took White into custody in Lincoln-court, Drury-lane—Fisher said she lived at 13, Herbert's-buildings, Waterloo-road—I went there, and

in the top room, between the bed and mattress, I found this bundle of letters (produced.)

Cross-examined. Q. Did you go to Golden-square? A. No; (part of one of the letters was here read—"Dear Clara,—I did not have that place done that me and Jack Barns had to do, and I don't mean to have it done before I look more into it, and I am still there," &c.)





WILLIAM WEST
 (police-sergeant, F 7). On 22nd Jan., about half-past seven o'clock in the morning, I saw the females in custody at the station—Fisher asked me how I thought she would get on—I said it was impossible for me to say—she said the money was given her by a young man who was to meet her the other side of Waterloo-bridge—I went with Hard to Redding's lodgings, 2, Lincoln's-court—I had seen her there—I found White there—he asked me if I wanted Fish—I said, "No, I want you"—I searched him, and in his pocket found 2s. and 4d. in halfpence—he said, "That is all I have"—I then said, "Take off your boots"—he did so, and in them I found eleven sovereigns.





JAMES DOWSETT
 (policeman T 136). On 22nd Jan., I was on duty at Bow-street station, and heard Redding and White talking in different cells—Redding said, "How shall we get on?"—White said, "I shall get fifteen years, you will get off"—Redding then said, "There is no b—y chance for us, for they found it on us"—White said, "I wish they would turn the lot of us up but there is no chance"—I understood by turn up, that they would get off—there were no other persons in the cells.

Cross-examined. Q. I thought turning up was arresting? A. No, it is generally used to mean discharged; I have often heard it used.





NATHANIEL KING
. I am porter at Lambeth workhouse—Fisher was an inmate there from 4th to 16th Jan.—the visiting days are once a fortnight—both the male prisoners visited Fisher there.

Cross-examined. Q. Which day between the 4th and 16th was the visiting day? A. I do not recollect; I saw Lovell once—I do not recollect the day; it was in the afternoon—there are perhaps 2000 visitors in a day—in consequence of something Fisher said when she presented the order to be admitted, I paid particular attention to these two men when they came—White came, and asked for Fisher, and I saw him join Lovell in York-street—Lovell did not speak to me—a great number of persons inquired for Fisher.

MR. COCKLE. Q. Did White go in? A. No, neither of them—he was told it was not a visiting-day, and he could not see her—there were not many persons there that day.





ANDREW DOWN
. I am a French-polisher, at 3, Lincoln's-court, Drury-lane—I am landlord of No. 2, where Redding occupied a room for about six months, from last July or August—I know the other prisoners—they visited Redding—Lovell has been there more frequently than the others—I have seen them all repeatedly; sometimes two, and sometimes three together—I have sometimes seen the two females together—I am not prepared to say I have seen them all together at one time—Redding lived with a man named Fish—I last saw him on the morning of 22nd Jan.—he came to my place to pay the rent—he intimated something about a change of residence, and went away—in two minutes afterwards the officers were in search of him—I have seen him once since, but not at the lodgings.

Cross-examined. Q. How long did Redding live there? A. Till she was taken; she had a great many visitors—I probably should not know all I have seen—Redding was known to me as Mrs. Fish—Fish is lost, in consequence of what has transpired.


White. Q. Did you ever see me in the room? A. I have seen you go in and out and speak to Redding—I do not know whether you lived there.





MARGARET LOVELL
. I am the prisoner's mother. I never saw this chisel before (looking at the one found in the prosecutor's shop)—I never had it in my hand—one of the gentlemen had something in his hand when he came to our house, but I did not handle it, or look at it—I cannot swear whether it was this—my son lives with me—on my oath, I never, to my knowledge, saw either of the other prisoners—I can neither read nor write; my husband can, but we have very little of it.

Cross-examined. Q. Your husband is a labourer? A. Yes; I recollect the morning the gentlemen and the policeman came to my house—my son had been gone out a very few minutes then, and he came in a short time after—I told him the policeman had been, and he went down immediately—we occupy the first floor—we sleep in the same room—my son came home in the evening, and was in bed before eleven o'clock—I was then in bed; my husband was going to bed—on my solemn oath he did not leave the room again till a few minutes before the policeman came—we have lived in the house nine years—my son can read, but not write.

MR. COCKLE. Q. What night are you speaking of? A. Last Monday night fortnight—we guessed he was taken for some crime or other—I have never received any letter from him.





PATRICK LOVELL
. I believe I am the prisoner's father. The prosecutor called at my place on 21st Jan.—I cannot say whether Cronin is the officer who was with him—I am a builder's labourer—I do not use such tools as this chisel; I never used that, to my knowledge—I cannot say whose it is—I never had such in my possession, I am positive—to the best of my knowledge I never saw it before you handed it to me—I can read and write a little—my son went to school—he can read a little, but I never saw him write—I told him the gentleman and a policeman had been inquiring for him, I supposed there was something amiss, and he went off to the place directly—the night before, he came in at about a quarter to eleven—the bed-room door was bolted or locked in the night—I went to Marlborough-street, and they would not allow me to go before the Magistrate—they shoved me out, and would not hear what I had to say,

Cross-examined. Q. Which day did you go? A. Last Monday; I did not go before that—my son went out at six o'clock on the morning he was taken—he had not been gone more than a quarter of an hour when the gentleman and police came—I told the gentleman and policeman, if they had any doubt, to search my place; and I handed them my tool-basket, and they would not have it.

MR. COCKLE. Q. Did you see such an instrument as this chisel put into your wife's hand that morning? A. No; they did not produce anything to her when I was there.

MR. SKEFFINGTON
re-examined. This is the box I lost; there was 67l. or 68l. in it.

White's Defence. Between seven and eight o'clock that morning I met a young woman in Drury-lane, who gave me the money, and I put it into my shoes.

Redding's Defence. I met somebody who offered me 1d. to carry the box.

MR. O'BRIEN
called






THOMAS LYNCH
. I am a plasterer, and live at 7, Ferdinand-street, Hampstead-road. I have known Lovell sixteen years—he has borne a most unexceptionable character for honesty.


Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What it he? A. A bricklayer's labourer; I have known him intimately, being employed under the same master, Mr. Cummings—he lives at 9 or 10, Peter-street, Westminster—I have been there frequently—I never bad any letters from him—he cannot write—I know that when I have had to pay him his wages he has put a cross.





CHARLES BATEMAN
. I am a turner, and live at 4, Hopkin-street; I have lived there twenty-eight years. I have known Lovell since he was a boy—there is not a young man in the parish who has got a better character for honesty and sobriety.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know him in Mr. Cummings' employ? A. No; he was something in the bricklayer's trade—he lived at 10, Peter-street, within twenty yards of me—I have been there—I am not aware that he can write.
(William Mitchell and John Casey also gave Lovell a good character; but the officers, West, Brown, and Cronin deposed to his being the associate of thieves.)





WILLIAM SKEFFINGTON

re-examined. When I employed Lovell he told me he had had no employment for the last two years—that was six weeks before the robbery—I found the private door shut in the morning—I had taken the key to bed with me—there is no passage at the side of my house—the shop door and private door are both flush with Piccadilly.

WHITE, REDDING, and FISHER—



GUILTY
of Receiving
.—





Transported for Ten Years.



LOVELL—


NOT GUILTY
.
