



1371. 




WILLIAM BURDON
, 

stealing 1 mare and 1 gelding, value 22.; the property of 



George John Wood.


MR. BRIARLY
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE JOHN WOOD
. I am a cow-keeper and dairyman, at Dodd's Farm, Cambridge-road. On 2nd Jane, about five minutes to 11 o'clock at night, I saw my mare and pony in my stable, which is inside the cow-house, the door of which I secured with a chain and padlock, and went to bed—I got up next morning about a quarter to 4, and while at my window saw the mare standing in the street, and my man at the door—I went down immediately—the stable-door was open, and the pony in it loose, and the chain on the cow-house door broken—the mare was worth sixteen or twenty guineas, and the pony about 6l.—I found a bricklayer's hammer in the yard.





GEORGE BROWN
 (policeman, K 421). On 3rd June, about a quarter before 3 o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner going down Cleveland-row—he was on a mare, leading a pony—I ran after him; and just before I got to him, the pony would not go any further—he got off; and while he was catching hold of the pony, the mare ran away towards Mr. Wood's—I asked where he was going to take them, and he said, "To the farrier's, in the Mileend-road," and Mr. Watson was going to give him 6d. to take then—I held the pony a little while, while he went after the mare, and then tied him up to a gate, and went round my beat—I afterwards saw him with them both, and said, "You are quite sure you are going to have a shoe put on that mare?"—he said, "I am, master," and he started towards Bow, which is in an apposite direction to Mr. Wood's—when I first taw him, he was 300 yards from Mr. Wood's.





BENJAMIN COPE
. I am a labourer, and live at Dagenham, Essex. I worked for Mr. Wood, and left him in March—on 3rd June, a little after 3 o'clock, I was coming down the Mile-end-road, and met the prisoner riding the mare—I asked where be was going to take it, and he said Mr. Watson had given him 6d. to take it to the farrier's, in the Bow-road—I caught hold of the mare's head, and turned her round; and as I was turning her, the prisoner got off, and ran away—I got on the mare, and held up my hand to the policeman to stop him, and he told the policeman I had thrown bins off the mare—I said it was false, I was turning her round to take her back—I took the mare to Mr. Wood's, and the policeman took the prisoner.

Prisoner. Q. Did the policeman tell you you were to mind what you were doing? A. Yes; you objected to go back, and asked whether I would give you in charge for stealing the mare, and I said, "No"—you asked the policeman whether you would be doing right or wrong is going back with me—he said you would be right, and you walked back with him and me—

you did not say anything about your going for a policeman when you got off the mare—you got off to run away—you were going to run by the policeman if I had not held my hand up; and when he got nigh you, you ran to him.





GEORGE JOHN WOOD

re-examined. I did not promise the prisoner 6d. to take the horse to the farrier's—I never saw him before.

Prisoner's Defence. I was passing the prosecutor's premises, and saw a man there, who asked me to take the two horses to the farrier's, and he would give me 6d. for it; they would not stand still while he fastened up the premises, and I got on the horse's back, and led the pony; I could not get them both along, and took the pony back to Mr. Wood's; I took the mare, and met Cope in the Bow-road, who asked me whose horse it was; I said, "Mr. Watson's," and that he was going to give me 6d. to take it to the farrier's; he said I must come back, and I refused; he laid hold of the horse, and I either fell or jumped off, and said I would go for a policeman; I told the policeman, and he wanted me to go back; and the policeman told Cope he must mind what be was after; when I got to Mr. Wood's, he gave me into custody.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(The Court ordered 10s. as a reward to Cope.)
