





93. 




JOHN CLARK,



 WILLIAM JONES
, and 




WILLIAM BARRETT



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



Dodds Vickers, and stealing 9 spoons, and other goods, value 5l.; his property.


MR. LILLEY
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM GLENISTER
 (police sergeant, D 3). On the morning of 26th Nov., about a quarter before 4 o'clock, I was in Bays water-road, in plain clothes, in company with Hawtrey—I saw the three prisoners coming this way from Bayswater—I got the assistance of another officer, and stopped the prisoners—I took Clark, I asked him where he had been to; he said, "No-where"—I told him I was a police officer, and I should take him into custody—I saw him throw from his coat pocket this packet of knives and forks—they were picked up by Williams, in my presence—when I said I should take Clark and the other to the station, they resisted violently; especially Clark—I took him to the station, and found in his pockets a silver bodkin case, a piece of cheese, and a jemmy, and I took from him a pair of trowsers that he had on over his own—I found on him one knife, the property of the prosecutor, and three others—as I was taking him to the station he said he was nailed to rights, and he would go quietly.

Cross-examined by
MR. M. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did Clark offer resistance after you said you were a constable? A. Yes, he did, and tried to get away—the other officer was in plain clothes—I was in Bayswater-road, near the Crown, at the commencement of Kensington-gardens—I saw Clark throw down some knives—they were wrapped in a piece of brown paper—he was carrying them in his pocket behind—this is the paper—I and Hawtrey were alone, and I got the assistance of Dunliff and Williams—they came two or three minutes afterwards, they joined us in St. George's-terrace—Williams was behind, he came up when I sprung my rattle—Clark threw this parcel away almost directly I stopped him, and he began to struggle—no doubt the other officer saw this parcel thrown away—I saw Williams take it up, he assisted us in taking the prisoners—Dunliff took the prisoner Jones—Clark

was in front—he was not more than two yards from the other men—I have found such a thing as this on housebreakers—I never saw carpenters have such a tool—I know some locksmiths, but I do not know the trade—when Clark said he was nailed to rights it was in Connaught-square, on the road to the station.

Jones. Q. Did I resist you? A. Yes, you did; but you resisted less than the others.

COURT. Q. When you first saw the prisoners they were together? A. Yes.

MR. LILLEY. Q. How often have you seen such a thing as this jemmy? A. Once.





WILLIAM HAWTREY
 (policeman, A 373). On 26th Nov., at a quarter before 4 o'clock in the morning, I was with the last witness—I was in plain clothes—I saw the prisoners before they were taken—some persons came to our assistance—I took the prisoner Jones—when I took him he gave me a portion of the property he had on him—after some resistance, he said he would go quietly—he gave me two table cloths; he took one from the front of him and one from behind him, under his coat—when we reached the station I searched him, and found on him six tea spoons, three egg spoons, and two table spoons, a pair of sugar tongs, and a thimble, all silver—they were in the breast pocket of his coat—he said they had found them at the bottom of Notting-hill.

Jones. Did not I give you the spoons in a doorway?—and after I got to the station I gave you the thimble out of my pocket. Witness. He attempted to put his hand in his pocket—I took it.

Cross-examined by
MR. M. PRENDERGAST. Q. You were in plain clothes? A. Yes; when we met the prisoners they were near the Swan in the Bays-water-road—I know Kensington-garden gates—I was in company with Glenister—Williams joined us after we first took the prisoners in custody, which was on St. George's-terrace—I should think 300 yards from Stanhope-street—I should think it took me under ten minutes to go to Connanght-square—I know where the Crown is, it is nearer London than the Swan—I had a dark coat on, and a black hat—Glenister had a hat and a dark coat—I saw Clark taken in custody—he made resistance—Williams came up just at the moment.

MR. LILLEY. Q. What did you take from Jones in the station? A. A thimble and two small spoons—the others I took from him before.





ROBERT DUNCLIFF
 (policeman, D 133). I was in company with the two last witnesses on the morning of 26th Nov.—I apprehended the prisoner Barrett—I asked him what he had in his bosom—he said, "Nothing"—I placed my hand on his right breast, and drew this life preserver out of his bosom—it is what they term a gutta percha life preserver—he resisted, and we went off the pavement into the road—but I kept hold of him—other assistance having arrived, he said he would go quietly—as we were going along the Edgware-road, I saw these knives and forks standing out of his pocket—I told him to take them out—he took them out, and gave them to me—at the station he drew these two flannel jackets from under his clothes—I found these six buttons in his waistcoat pocket—on the way to the station he said he found the knives in a doorway—I saw Clark in custody, and he resisted.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. Did you find these buttons in the piper as they are now? A. Yes.

Cross-examined by
MR. M. PRENDERGAST. Q. Where were you? A. In

the enclosure in Hyde-park-gardens—I do not know how far that is from the middle gate of Kensington-gardens—I know the Crown—it is perhaps thirty yards from the Swan—there is a small gate opposite the Swan, and another opposite the Crown—there is a gate called the Victoria-gate—the Crown is about 150 yards from Porchester-terrace.





WILLIAM WILLIAMS
 (policeman, D 141). On 26th Nov., about a quarter before 4 o'clock, I was in Bays water-road—I heard a rattle—in consequence of that I ran in the direction of the rattle, and found the three prisoners in custody of the last three constables—I saw these six knives and forks lyin down amongst the prisoners—Barrett was in custody of the last witness—he was struggling to get away—I assisted to take him and the others to the station—this is the paper; it was some distance from the knives and forks—it was lying on the ground.

Cross-examined by
MR. M. PRENDERGAST. Q. Where did you find them? A. In Bayswater-road, near St. George's-terrace—the Crown is 300 or 400 yards from St. George's-terrace, and about sixty yards from the Swan.





DODDS VICKER
. I keep the Cross Keys, in St. Peter's-place, Hammersmith. On the Thursday night, 25th Nov., I was the last person up in my house; I went to bed at 11 o'clock—I went round the house, and looked at the fastenings, after I turned the gas off—the doors and windows were fastened—about 3 o'clock in the morning I was knocked up, and on going down I found the wash-house door forced open, and the kitchen door, leading from the wash-house; the post was cut away, and the chain and plate wrenched off—the bolt of the washhouse door was bent back—I am quite certain those doors were fast when I went to bed—I found the closet doors and the drawers in the kitchen were open, and a quantity of papers and other things about the floor—the floor was all in confusion—my wife's work box and other things had been taken out of the closet, and thrown down on the floor—I missed silver spoons, knives and forks, and various other things—these knives and forks which were in the paper thrown away by Clark are mine—I can only identify them by the name on them; they are the same as we have some of at home—these tongs and spoons found on Jones are mine—those with the mark on I can swear to—the others I believe are mine—this piece of cheese I believe is mine—I believe this pair of trowsers are my son's—I lost a pair similar to these—they were on the table in the kitchen—I believe these knives and forks found on Barrett to be mine—there is no mark on them—these flannel waistcoats I believe to be mine, because of this small piece hanging to it—this jemmy is not mine, nor this life preserver—these articles which I say are mine, and which I believe to be mine, were in the kitchen the night before, when I went to bed—the knives and forks were in the drawer—the spoons were in the closet—I suppose the value of the property altogether is about 5l.—I had seen the prisoner Barrett at my house before the robbery; he went by the name of Twopenny; he was in the West Middlesex Militia; he was quartered there for twenty-one days—his conduct was good.

Cross-examined by
MR. M. PRENDERGAST. Q. These knives and forks in the brown paper you only know by the maker's name? A. We have some similar at home—I sometimes open the kitchen drawers—these knives and forks were put away some days before, by my wife—I did not put away the things in my wife's work box, but I saw my wife sit at work—here is the name on this bodkin case—I saw these trowsers of my son's lie on the table; my son is not here.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. You say these flannel shirts are

yours? A. Yes, my wife was making them the same evening—here is a little piece torn—there is nothing else about them to enable me to pledge my oath that they are mine—I believe them to be mine—I can only go by that mark—I have no means to enable me to swear to these knives and forks found on Barrett—I think they are mine.

MR. LILLEY. Q. Do you believe you have used these two knives? A. I believe I have used them frequently—I only use them occasionally.

COURT. Q. You believe this flannel to be yours? A. Yes; the night before this happened my wife was making up flannel waistcoats for me—the house is my dwelling house, and is in the parish of Hammersmith—we told the policeman of this rent before he brought the flannel waistcoats—these spoons, tongs, and bodkin case are marked—they are my property.

Cross-examined by
MR. M. PRENDERGAST. Q. Can you tell the value of these knives and forks? A. No; I cannot—I think they are worth 6d. A piece—I do not know the value of these trowsers, or of the bodkin case.

MR. LILLEY. Q. Did you buy the silver? A. No; it was my wife's before her marriage—Barrett was with me when the militia was called out—the latter end of Oct., and beginning of Nov.





JOHN SEARLE
 (policeman, T 69). On the morning of 26th Nov. about ten minutes past 3 o'clock, I was at the Cross Keys; I discovered that the gates had been opened, leading to the back of the house—they bolt on the inside (I had noticed the premises at near 12 o'clock)—I went to the rear of the house; I found one door Jeading to the yard was open, another door, leading from the yard to the back kitchen, had been forced open—the bolt had been forced from the door—I then examined the door, leading from the kitchen to the back kitchen—the woodwork of the frame had been cut away, and a plate which secured the door on the kitchen side, and the chain, had been forced off—I saw two large boxes on the kitchen floor, and the floor was all strewed about—the drawers of the table and some knives and forks, and the remainder of the things, were lying about—I proceeded to the front of the house, and called the landlord.

Cross-examined by
MR. M. PRENDERGAST. Q. Why did you go to the house? A. I had a suspicion that all was not right, because I saw two men running in that direction—when I got there the gates were pulled close to, but not fastened in any way—there are two doors leading to the back kitchen, one from the yard, and one from the garden—before I got to the door of the back kitchen, the wind opened it about a foot—I got into the washhouse without going into the air—there is not a room over it—there was more than two inches of the woodwork cut away of the door, which leads from the kitchen to the washhouse.





THOMAS LAGGS
 (policeman, T 168). On Friday morning the 26th of Nov., I was near Hammersmith Waterworks, about 1 o'clock, that is about 350 yards from the Cross Keys—I saw the three prisoners loitering about in front of the Old Ship—I saw them for about half a minute before they saw me; they then went in the direction of the house that was broken into.

Cross-examined by
MR. M. PRENDERGAST. Q. When were you spoken to about this first? A. On the Friday, about 3 o'clock in the day, Sergeant Hancock told me there were three prisoners taken.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. When did you see the three prisoners again? A. At Marylebone police court—one of them was in one cell, and two in another; Barrett and Clark were in one cell—I was taken to see them, and told they were the men.





WILLIAM GLENISTER

re-examined. Q. Did you go to the prosecutor's

premises? A. I did, on the 26th Nov.; I found the back door had been forced open, and a door leading from the washhouse—I applied this jemmy that I found on Clark to the marks on the door, and it corresponded with them—I found footmarks in the garden.

Charles Robertson, a carman, and Maria Barrett the prisoner's sister-in-law, gave Barrett a good character. Sarah Cusher, and John Bevan, and Sarah Bevan, the father and mother of Jones, (whose real name they stated to be William Bevan), gave him a good character.


CLARK—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

BARRETT—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.






Transported for Seven Years


