



292. 




MARY ANN WALKER



, stealing 1 half-crown, 3 shillings, 1 sixpence, 1 groat, 1 penny, 1 halfpenny, and 1 farthing; the moneys of 



John Denton, from the person of 



Sarah Ann Denton; having been before convicted.






SARAH ANN DENTON
. I am sixteen years old, and live with my father, John Denton. On 14th Dec, about half-past five o'clock, my mother sent me, with Mary Ann Archer, to buy some shop things, and as we were going along Powis-street, Woolwich, we met the prisoner—I never saw her before, but am sure she is the person—she asked me if I would give her a pin, and as I was giving her one she snatched my money, 6s. 5 3/4d., out of my hand, and ran up Thomas-street—I went to the police-station—I lost a half-crown, three shillings, a sixpence, a 4d.-piece, a penny, a halfpenny, and a farthing—the farthing was a smooth one; this (produced) is it, I am quite sure—I know it by its largeness, and it is smooth and like a halfpenny.





MARY ANN ARCHER
. I am twelve next April. I was with Sarah Denton in Powis-street—the prisoner came up to her, asked her for a pin, snatched the money, and ran away—I saw her face, I am quite sure she is the person.





EDWIN HORSEFALL
 (policeman, R 9). I apprehended the prisoner on, Saturday evening, about eight o'clock, at Greenwich, on another charge—as we were going to the station she dropped a shilling, which I took, then a half-crown, which I also took—another constable came up—I told him to take hold of her right hand (I had her left), and this farthing

was in it—Sarah Denton described the farthing before seeing it as being smooth, and having a large head.

Prisoner's Defence. I was in very great distress; I have a very bad husband.





EDWARD FUNNELL
 (City-policeman, 32). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction—(read—Central Criminal Court, convicted June 1846, of stealing from the person; Confined one year)—I was present—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)
