



66. 




ALFRED POVAH



, stealing 4 pairs of trowsers, and other articles value 1l. 17s.; the goods of 



John Wood, having been before convicted.


MR. SLEIGH
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN WOOD
. I am clerk and messenger to Mr. Rotch, barrister and magistrate, of Furnival's-inn. On Wednesday, 17th of Nov., about half-past 10 o'clock, I saw the prisoner going up the stairs to the next floor to where Mr. Rotch's chambers are—he had a letter in his hand, and a bag on his back—I went up to my room and missed some jackets, trowsers, waistcoats, and other articles, which were safe when I got up in the morning—I then went to the beadle of the Inn; found the prisoner in his custody, with the bag I had seen him with, and which contained my clothes—these (produced) are them—the bag is not mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. DEARSLEY. Q. When you first saw the prisoner, was he on the same landing as your chambers? A. No, he was higher up—a gentleman came and knocked at Mr. Rotch's door, and I was taking in his card when the prisoner came down, and I heard him say, "Very good, I will meet you at 10 to-morrow morning," as if he was speaking to some one on the next landing—I did not bear any one make any answer, and I did not see any one.

MR. SLEIGIH. Q. When the prisoner said that, how far was he from you? A. About seven steps up—I could see up to the next landing—there was no one there.





RICHARD PEACOCK
. I am beadle of Furnival's Inn. I saw the prisoner going through the gateway into Holborn with a bag—I stopped him, and inquired from whom he brought the bag or the things in it—he said he brought them from Mr. Warden—I knew there was not such a name in the Inn, and asked him who he was; he pointed round the corner to where Mr. Rotch's chambers are—I detained him till Wood came up, and told me he had been robbed of his clothes—I said "then open that bag"—he opened the prisoner's bag, and found the things there—the prisoner did not make any resistance, but offered me 3l. to let him go.





WILLIAM M'MATH
 (City-policeman, 77). I took the prisoner into custody, and received these things—I searched him at the station, and found three sovereigns, 6d., 4d., 1d., and ten keys, which I at first thought were skeleton keys, but I believe they are what are called Bramah keys, which are more dangerous—I also found a watch on him, which has been given up to him.





JOHN WOOD

re-examined. The bedroom was usually locked, but I left it open to give it a little airing—about twenty minutes elapsed from the time I went into the chambers till I saw the prisoner coming down—he was half up the flight of stairs above Mr. Rotch's chambers, which are on the first floor, and my room is on the filth floor.




GUILTY
.—Aged 19.

He was further charged with having been before convicted.






GEORGE BALL
 (policeman, E 64). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction—(read—"Convicted at Central Criminal Court, Nov. 1850.—



Confined Three Months.")—I was present—the prisoner it the same person—I knew him two years before.


GUILTY. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Common Serjeant, and the Second Jury.

