



114. 




WALLACE HARVEY



, feloniously forging and uttering an order for payment of 55l.; with intent to defraud.


MESSRS. HUDDLESTON
and
COCKLE
conducted the Prosecution.






CATHERINE WOOD
. I lodge at No. 19, George-street, Blackfriars-road; my husband was Dr. Wood; he died at Christmas, 1850. I knew the prisoner previously, and after my husband's death he called on me, commiserated my situation, being without friends, and offered his services to befriend me in any way he possibly could, which I gladly accepted—I was entitled to 84l. from a policy of insurance, which my husband had effected at Glasgow—the prisoner received that for me; I authorized him to do so—my father was a member of a merchant's house at Glasgow, and I tried for an annuity of 20l. under the merchants' fund—I never exactly knew whether I was on the funds of that house, the prisoner told me at one time that I wife on, and at another time that I was off; but he enclosed me 10s. of the last quarter's money, and until then I never knew positively that I was on the house—I cannot say whether he has paid over the whole of that sum to me, for I never could get a reckoning with him—he has given me money in small sums from 1l. down to 6d.—I cannot swear altogether what he has given me, but from 3rd Jan., 1852, down to 5th Oct., when he sent roe 10s. received from the merchant's house, I have received of him 14l. 5s. 10d.—that was the last money I received of him—I was also entitled to some property in Bishop-street, Glasgow; it was coming to me from my grandfather and father; I was unwilling to sell it, as I did not know whether my brother was dead, not having heard from him for three years—the prisoner seeing that I was in such poor circumstances said that if I would sell the property and purchase an annuity with it, it would add considerably to my small income—I told him I would not do so, as long as I did not know that my brother was dead; and some two or three months afterwards he sent me a little scrap of paper, in consequence of which I afterwards saw him, and he said I could now sell the property to purchase an annuity—that was the sense of what he said; I cannot exactly repeat the words—he said he saw a person in the Strand, who told him he saw my brother die in New York—I think he said that by word of mouth—I arranged with him to sell the property; he said the likeliest person to buy it would be the person who held two-thirds of it already, and he sent a note for me to go to his chambers one day to sign the deed of sale—I went to his chambers, signed some documents, and 214l. was paid over to me by the person who went away with the papers—after he went away I rolled up the money, and was putting it in my reticule to take it home, until he could look for an office for me to get the annuity—he said, "Oh, don't do that; it is very unsafe, you may either lose it, or the house may be on fire, or anybody might know you had so much money"—I said, "What shall I do with it?"—he said, "Put it into the bank;" he recommended the Commercial Bank; I went there with him, 210l. was lodged there in the joint names of Wallace Harvey, and Catherine Wood; and 1 kept 4l. for my immediate use—he said it must be secure,

because he could not take it out without my signature, and I could not take it out without his, and it would be my whole subsistence to depend on—when we came to the Temple gate we bid each other good bye, and he asked me for the loan of one sovereign, which I lent him—I gave the prisoner no authority to sign my name to any checks; I knew nothing of his withdrawing the money till I went to the Bank—the signature "Catherine Wood" to this check is not my writing; I never authorized the prisoner to sign my name to that check—this ft a good imitation of my writing—(the check being read—dated "31st July, 1851—Drawn on the Commercial Bank of London, in favour of ourselves or bearer for 85l. Signed, W. Harvey, Catherine Wood")—I did not give him authority to sign this other check for 25l., dated 28th July, or these of 8th Aug. for 30l., 9th Aug. for 5l., 16th Aug. for 5l., or 24th Sept for 5l., making 210l.; nor were they drawn by my authority—I have received money from the prisoner, which I thought came from the merchant's house; but I was not aware that any portion of this money was withdrawn from the bank till I was there in July, 1852—I owed some money to Mr. Griffiths, and it was in consequence of something communicated to roe by him that I went to the Bank.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. How long before your husband's death had you known Mr. Harvey? A. About two years; he was the only person who followed my husband to the grave—before my husband's death we only had what he earned to live upon—the prisoner has been in the habit of advancing trifling sums to me—I one day received 4d.—I never heard my husband say he received 5s. from him; he never got more than half a crown from him—we had no claim on the prisoner—to me he never gave hut that one 4d., in my husband's life time—as to my husband, he got it himself, and not I, the small sums that he did get—my husband had known the prisoner many years, and was medical attendant to his father's family—I do not think my husband received sums of the prisoner amounting to more than 1l., that I was told of—I do not know that the prisoner was constantly in the habit of giving money in charity to my husband for us to live on—Dr. Jordan said that my husband died of delirium tremens—the prisoner did not go to Scotland after my husband's death for me; he was going to get married, and he said, since he should be there, he would transact my business without charge—he did not pay for the funeral of my husband; it was paid by 5l. being borrowed of Mr. Self, and 5l. of Mr. Andrew Tennent, of Glasgow—the prisoner did obtain money for me by way of charity from friends of my husband, but he never handed it over to me—my husband died at Christmas, 1850, since when I have over and over again received moneys from the prisoner—I never received money from the merchant's house in Glasgow; the prisoner used to receive it for me, but I never knew till this last time that I was on the house—the letter from the merchant's house is dated 4th Oct., 1852; this is it—(produced)—when I received it I was certain that I was on the house—I got it from Mr. Harvey, enclosing 10s.

Q. Just look at that book; have you not repeatedly gone through these accounts with the prisoner? A. No; I never saw this book before; never till this time—I did not receive 1l. from the prisoner on 5th Feb. 1852, (looking at another book)—this book is where I dotted down the sums I received of the prisoner; I put down everything I received of him from 3rd Jan. last—all these sums of 1l. that are down in this book from Feb. to April, I never received, until you come to June, when I received 1l., which I is down in my book—it is from Mr. Bain, of the York Hotel, and I received it pf the prisoner—I did get money up to June, but in smaller sums, to the

amount of 14l. 5s. 10d.—I used to receive money just when be chose to send—I had no other means of living except what he sent—I am sorry I did not keep any exact accounts of what I received from him in 1851, but he promised from week to week, and from month to month to settle my affairs—I could not have got more than 12s. a week from him in 1851, but I cannot swear to it—I mention 12s. a week, because of his saying always that I should not exceed that—I had no agreement with him at all; I just got it as it suited him to send it—I am not aware, and never was, that the prisoner was in the habit of giving money every week to my husband; that I swear—my husband was always earning something; he used to write for magazines, and articles of literature—I know Mr. Arnold's girl, named Charlotte, she was in the habit of bringing me money; I cannot say every week—she did not, to the best of my knowledge, bring money and give it to me before my husband's death, but she has since; if there were any money-matters between my husband and the prisoner, it was between themselves, and Charlotte did not bring it—I authorized the prisoner to receive the money from the merchant's house in Glasgow for me, but I always understood he would send me a receipt to sign—I never signed any receipt; I never authorised him to sign my name, I expected to do that myself—he told me the merchant's house in Glasgow refused to let me have any money on account of my drunken habits—my habits are not drunken, I never was a drunken woman—I was not intoxicated at the time of my husband's death; for three nights I never had my clothes off my back, waiting on him—when the 214l. was paid to me, the prisoner said it would fetch an annuity of 12s. a week—he did not agree to pay me an annuity of 12s. a week for my money, he cannot produce any such agreement, neither was it in words—his having to advance the annuity for the whole year was his own fault, not buying the annuity at once—I swear I never did agree that he was to have the money, and allow me 12s. a week.

Q. When Charlotte brought you the money after your husband's death, did not she very often tell you that it was the annuity Mr. Harvey was allowing you? A. No; I do not suppose the girl knew—on 7th March, 1851, I went down to Chiswick, where the prisoner was residing; I did not ask for 2l. on my annuity—I went down on my landlady's account; I did not get 2l.; I got 18d. and a bottle of wine to give to my dying landlady.

COURT. Q. Did you see the prisoner when you went to Chiswick? A. I did; it was on a Sunday—I asked him to come and settle with my landlady, who was dying, and raving about the money—he said he could not do it on the Monday, but as sure as God made him, he would settle my whole affairs on the Tuesday, and I could settle with Mrs. Griffith as I liked.

MR. PARRY. Q. Do you know Mrs. Hefferman, the housekeeper to Mr. Harvey? A. Merely by seeing her there—I did not tell her, and the girl Charlotte, that I had allowed Mr. Harvey to use the money on condition that he was to allow me 12s. a week; would I talk to his servants?—I never spoke to the woman about my affairs—on my oath I never saw this check of 24th Sep., 1851, before it was presented at the bank—I did not before it was presented write with a dry pen over "Catherine Wood," nor to any document—whenever I put my name I put it with a penfull of ink—I did not deny to the clerk at the bank that I had ever signed my name; there was a mistake about it, I gave Mr. Harvey no signature—I did not in general terms give him authority to sign my name to all checks and documents which were required, except when he was at Glasgow he sent me the papers to sign, but I never gave him authority to sign my name, never—

when I said I never gave him authority, "except when he was at Glasgow," I meant I gave him authority there la transact my business—I do not know that he frequently signed my name to receipts from Glasgow; I did not even know that I was on the house—I did not tell Charlotte on more than one occasion that I and my husband would have died of starvation, if it had not been for Mr. Harvey—I understand you now, perfectly.

MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. Just look at that letter, of 13th Feb., 1851 (produced)—did you receive that from Glasgow, enclosing a paper for you to sign? A. Yes; I signed it, and sent it back to him (letter read—"Glasgow, Feb. 13, 1851. My dear Mrs. Wood, I received your letter on Tuesday afternoon last, and would have left on Wednesday, had it not been that I thought by staying a day or two I should be able to settle your affairs. I have been sadly put about for the last two days, by Andrew Tennent having told me on Wednesday that he would be obliged to charge a professional account, for the business he and his brother has done for you and Dr. Wood. I told him that both from what he himself had told me previously, and from what Dr. Wood and you bad always under-Stood, nothing was to be charged for any business of the sort, and that it would be a cruel thing to deprive the widow of the slender means which were now left to her. I have consulted one of the chief writers here to day, and I have taken certain steps which will prevent Andrew Tennent from getting payment from the Insurance Company, of any money which he might charge in the way proposed. There is one thing which I advise should be done at once; with an authority from you I could get the Insurance Company or Dr. Mackenzie to make an advance of as much money as would enable you to pay the debts which are standing, owing to Mr. Self, Dr. Beattie, Mr. Griffiths, &c., and if you would send me this authority by return of post without fail, I would bring the money to London on Monday night. If you do not do this, I fear that Mr. Andrew Tennent, when I go away, will try some scheme or other to defraud you of some portion of the money; but if the Company first makes an advance to you of a portion of the money, then Tennent can do nothing. You had better ask a third of the reversion, namely, 84l. 10s.; for you will require something considerable to pay off the various sums you owe and have something remaining, and it is better to get as much as possible from the hands of the Company at once. As to myself, I will never charge you anything for any trouble I hare been at in doing anything for you; and I can assure you that everything which I have at any time done for your husband or yourself has been done out of the purest feelings for your welfare. I shall try and bring the title-deeds of the property in Anderston also with me. I can tell you you have no one here who would do anything for you but myself. I have got your name put on the Merchants' House list of applications for a pension, and I have got some of the first merchants here to speak for you, and you are certain of getting on, at the first meeting, on the 5th of March, 20l. a year. I found it unnecessary to send you any papers with reference to it. I shall go to-morrow to Oswald-street to look after the old lady you mentioned. You must sign the enclosed, and forward it to me by return of post, without fail, else I shall be obliged to leave this, without any money for you, and you will not get it yourself by writing. Don't fail. Yours truly, WALLACE HARVEY.—P.S. I shall bring your things from Edinburgh.")—The prisoner has told me that he has received 84l. 10s. from the Insurance—I was to get 5l. a quarter from the Merchants' Fund, but I understood it was not permanent—it was in 1851 that I first understood that I had got on the House;

I beard of hit getting the first 5l. in June, 1851—he said he had received 5l. on my behalf, but that from Mr. Andrew Tennent speaking ill of me I was again off the House—I never heard again of his receiving any money for me from that fund till this last quarter, not a farthing of it—I then received 5l.—he wrote to me on 4th Oct.—this is the letter (produced) which I received, enclosed in another, with 10s. (read—"Glasgow, 4th Oct, 1852. Dear Sir,—On my return from the country to-day I have found your favour of the 30th inst., and I beg to hand you an order on Messrs. Glynn and Co. for 5l., to be paid Mrs. Wood. The period of my holding office in the Merchants' House expires to-morrow, when a new election takes place, and in future your letters will require to be addressed to my successor in office, James Hannan, Esq., who will be chairman of the Merchants' House during the next two years, and in the mean time I shall band him your letter. Signed, J.F. CONNAL)—After I received that letter I received 10s. Front the prisoner—I had at that time discovered that he had withdrawn my money from the bank—I conceive my money was drawn out in July last—I saw nothing of the prisoner between July and Oct.—I could not find him—I looked for him; I went to his chambers constantly, and many persons were staying there waiting for him—I did not write to him—when the 10s. was brought with that letter I could not tell where he was—the girl Charlotte brought it; I did not ask her where he was on that occasion; I had previously asked her, and she could not tell me—what I received in 1841 could not be more than 12s. a week—out of the money he received for me from the Insurance Company and the Merchants' Fund he did not pay me more than 12s. a week for 1851, and t think I must have received 50l. in 1852; I do not believe I have received more, but I never summed it up—I never received any money from him for the 210l., nor did he ever make any observation' to me about paying me money for it.

COURT. Q. Who paid your rent during 1851? A. I was indebted to my landlady for it, and Mr. Harvey, out of the 84l. 10s., was to have paid her all off—he said he would see it paid, hut he did not, and I owe her 12l. 10s. for lodging, as near as I can say—I and my husband together paid her 4s. 6d. a week; it has been 3s. 6d. since bis death; it was 3s. 6d. during 1851—if it was paid by anybody it was paid by the prisoner, and should all along have been paid by him—when my husband died I owed, I think, about 20l.—I do not know that Mr. Harvey paid that, because he paid by instalments.





EDWRD LITTLE
. I am cashier at the Commercial Bank of London, in Henrietta-street, Covent-garden. In July 1851, the prisoner came to the bank—I can tell by the check what day it was (looking at it) it was the 26th, Mrs. Wood came with him—a joint account was opened in their names, and a sum of 210l. was paid into the bank on their joint account—Mrs. Wood was present at the time it was paid in—do paying that sum in, they left the bank—I next saw the prisoner, I think about two hours afterwards—he presented this check for 25l., purporting to be signed by himself, and also by Mrs. Wood—it had been arranged that both their names should appear on the checks—I produce several other checks—this one for 35l. I also paid him, and here are others for 85l., 30l., and three for 5l.

COURT. Q. You do not know who you paid them to, I suppose? A. I can only say positively with regard to the first check for 25l., that I specially marked in the book—they were all paid at our bank.

MR. COCKLE. Q. Look at that letter, did you receive that from the prisoner? A. I believe this letter came to the bank from the prisoner, I did

not receive it myself—I know the handwriting, it is the prisoner's (read, "House of Detention, Monday night. Gentlemen,—My mind is in the greatest anxiety, as you may well imagine, with respect to the position in which I am placed. Relying as I do upon your desire not to prosecute me; I trust on being able between this and the day of trial to make arrangement with Mrs. Wood for the reimbursement of the 210l. To the lost moment of my existence will I feel the effect of what hat occurred; with all my accounts scrupulously correct, every item of them provable. I have not from Dec. 1851 to the present moment defrauded Mrs. Wood of a farthing, and all that I have now in hand is 5l. 7s. 6d. besides the 210l. The landlord says I owed him 10l., but I am security by note of hand for him for more, and I cannot owe him anything till I am released from the security. As I told you before, this case of alleged fraud about the checks, arose from the simple fact of my expecting to be married the day before the very first of then was made payable, and I did not know it would be called a new account. Oh God! how unfortunate a wretch I have been.")—I think these three letters (produced) are written by the prisoner—(read—no dale—postmark, Aug. 25th, 1851, "Chiswick, Monday morning. My dear Mrs. Wood,—I have been confined to the house for the last two days; but am now better. I shall be up to see you to-night or to-morrow morning, and call with some money. I hope you are well. Tours in haste, W. HARVEY.—P.S. The annuity is now settled, and only requires your signature.")—("9th Sept. 1851, Middle Temple. My dear Mrs. Wood,—I shall be over to see you to-morrow evening, and you will require to come out the following day to settle up the affairs of the annuity. I will pay you the balance of the 5l. from the Merchants' House. I have not been in London for five days. Yours truly, W. HARVEY.")—("13th Sept. 1851. My dear Mrs. Wood,—I enclose half a sovereign, which will do you till the beginning of the week, when I will come over; I will tell you some news when I see you; the affair of the annuity is all now settled, and only awaits your signature. Yours truly, W. HARVEY.")

Cross-examined. Q. Was this an account current, or was it a deposit account? A. An account current, the usual account when money is paid in and checks drawn—I do not recollect that Mrs. Wood, when this charge was preferred denied to me that she had ever signed her name at the bank—I saw her after the charge was made, but I never beard her say so.

COURT. Q. When did you first see her after 26th July, when the account was opened? A. I think a few weeks before the prisoner was taken into custody, I do not know when it was, it was in Sept. 1852—that was the first time I had seen her since the account was opened, at that time the money was all gone.





PATRICK MADDEN
. I am an occasional messenger at Clement's-inn—I have been employed by the prisoner to go on errands for him—I have taken checks from him to the Commercial Bank, in Henrietta-street—these two checks for 85l. and 55l., I took to the bank and received for him, and brought him back the money.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you taken money to Mrs. Wood from time to time? A. I have; I have not taken Post-office orders to her—I have taken several Post-office orders from the Money Order-office, in the Strand, snd I believe a portion of those money orders were for Mrs. Wood—I have taken the cash from money orders to Mr. Harvey, and he has enclosed it in an envelope or letter, and then I used to take and put them in the post—I have taken cash to Mrs. Wood, in 1851 and 1852, as well, I believe—

to the best of my recollection, the first day of 1852, I took I think it was 3s. or 3s. 6d.—it was all in small sums; such a thing as half a crown—that was the first money I ever took.

MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. What was the largest sum you ever took? A. I cannot say the largest sum I ever took—I have taken sums enclosed in a note—the largest sum I know of was about 3s. 6d.—of course I could not tell what was sealed up.





GEORGE GRIFFITH
. I am a lighterman, and live at No. 19, George-street, Blackfriars-road—Mrs. Wood lodges with me, and has done so between five and six years—her husband died at my house—since his death I have seen the prisoner frequently at my house—daring that period I have received money from him, on behalf of Mrs. Wood's debt for lodging—I cannot exactly tell the sum, but I suppose I have received something about 24l., or 25l. altogether—that leaves now due to me, on account of Mrs. Wood, about 11l. 3s. or 4s.—in Aug., 1851, I was going to meet the prisoner at the Temple, by appointment—he had made that appointment by letter—I went to his chambers, he was not there, and on my way back I met him in Fleet-street—he had some papers in his hand—I asked him for some money—he said, "Well, I have not any, but I will try to get you some"—we went into a public house in the Strand, and had a pint of ale—he then went and borrowed, as he told me, half a sovereign, and he said, "I shall come and see you at 4 o'clock; I am coming over to see Mrs. Wood, for I have got the papers in my hand"—in fact, he said, "I have nothing more to do now, than to get her signature to invest the money in security for her to buy an annuity"—he had the papers in his hand, and he said he was going to prepare what was necessary, and at 4 o'clock he would come over, and let Mrs. Wood know, so that all that was required than was her signature for the purchase of the annuity—nothing was said about the money in the bank, or about her drawing money from the bank—I do not think anything more was said about her signature to anything else—I cannot charge my memory with whether the prisoner said where he was going at that time—I believe he did say something about where he was going, but where I did not ask him—the fact is, I did not know at that time, or until some time afterwards, that Mrs. Wood had any money in the bank.

Cross-examined. Q. Besides the 25l., had Mr. Harvey become security for 10l. or 15l. for you in reference to the debt, or was that a private matter? A. That was quite a private matter—he merely knew me as the landlord of Dr. and Mrs. Wood—he used to come to the house occasionally prior to the death of Dr. Wood—I did not know at all of his having frequently advanced money to Dr. or Mrs. Wood; I knew nothing of their transactions—I cannot say that I can answer whether Mrs. Wood was a person of temperate habits or not, for I do not pay much attention to their general manners.





WILLIAM POCOCK
 (policeman, F 14). The prisoner was apprehended in Oct. last by another constable; I had been looking for him several days—I was not present when he was apprehended—I was present when he was brought to the station—the constable who apprehended him searched him—I produce a receipt—I found it at No. 4, Apollo-court, Fleet-street, where I found the prisoner's two servants; I found it with a number of other papers on the first floor—there was very little furniture in the room, barely anything; they had not a bed to lie upon.

MR. LITTLE (re-examined). I think this paper is in the handwriting of the prisoner—(read) "London, 26th June, 1851. I hereby acknowledge the receipt of the sum of 99l. sterling, being part payment of the sum of 230l. sterling, for which amount I hereby bind myself to sell and convey to Mr. James

Morrison, of No. 16, Bishop-street, Anderston, Glasgow, that third portion belonging to me of the tenement situated there, of which tenement the said James Morrison already owns and possesses the remaining two-thirds; it being further hereby understood that the remaining amount of 131l. sterling, a fter deducting the costs of the charges for drawing up deeds of conveyance, and searches for the validity of title by Messrs. Marshall, Hill, and Hill, writers, West George-street, Glasgow, be transmitted to Mr. Wallace Harvey, my legal adviser here, immediately upon the execution of such deed of conveyance. Signed—CATHERINE WOOD."





JAMES BROWN
 (policeman, F 142). I apprehended the prisoner on 8th Oct., at the Chancellor's Head public house, Carey-street, Lincoln's Innfields—I afterwards went to his lodging in Apollo-court, Fleet-street, with Pocock—he said he knew the prisoner had some acquaintance there—when I took him into custody I told him he was charged with forgery on the Commercial Bank, Covent-garden—he said, "I deny it; I know nothing about it."

MRS. WOOD (re-examined). The signature to this receipt is not my handwriting—I never authorised the prisoner to put my name to it—the first time I saw it was in Pocock's hands, after the prisoner was taken.

MR. PARRY. Q. Did you not wish, at this time in June, 1851, to get an advance of about 100l. on your property, and did not you so state to Mr. Harvey? A. No; that I swear—nothing of the kind ever passed between me and him—I swear I did not authorise him to make any application, or to try to obtain that sum in advance.
(Witnesses for the Defence.)





CHARLOTTE ARNOLD
. I was in the service of Mr. Harvey, I have been in his service three years last Oct. In March, 1851, I remember Mrs. Wood coming to Mr. Harvey's house—I was present when she came—it was in New Weston-street—Mr. Harvey rung the bell—I answered it, and he told me to tell my aunt to come up, and be a witness to what passed between him and Mrs. Wood, and I was to come up too—I fetched my aunt, and we came into the parlour, and Mr. Harvey then said, "This is a bank letter that I have received from Glasgow"—he then signed his own name to this letter—and he signed Mrs. Wood's name too—he then wiped the pen, and gave it to Mrs. Wood, and told her to trace the dry pen over her name; she did so, and she remarked to my aunt that trouble had made her so nervous that she could not sign her own name, and that she had given Mr. Harvey power to sign her name and receive any moneys that came for her, and that Mr. Harvey was going to allow her an annuity of 12s. a week; and that she was going to lend him her money—she mentioned the sum 210l.—she said she was going to lend him 210l., and she said she wished it was thousands instead of hundreds, for his being so kind to herself and her husband; and that had it not been for him they should have starved—I remember Mrs. Wood calling on Mr. Harvey in Sept., 1851; it was at his chambers.

COURT. Q. Were you there? A. Yes; I used to go there, and clean his chambers, and do anything.

MR. REED. Q. Have you any particular reason for remembering the month of September? A. Yes; I remember Mr. Harvey saying to Mrs. Wood, that the Exhibition would soon be closed, and that he should take her to it—that was on this occasion.

COURT. Q. Just tell us what happened when she called? A. Mr. Harvey took a book out of his writing desk, and said to Mrs. Wood, "This

is the last 5l. of the 210l.;" she had not said anything before that, nor had he; that was when she came in—he was at home when she called—she went in to him—as soon as she came in, he said, "How do you do, Mrs. Wood?"—she said, "Quite well, I thank you, Sir; how do you do?"—he told her to be seated; and he then sat down and produced this book, and said, "This is the last 5l. out of the 210l."—she said, "Very well, Sir"—he said, "I will draw it out—he then wrote his own name in the book; and he then said to Mrs. Wood, "Shall I or you write your name, Mrs. Wood?"—she said, "No; write it yourself, as you always do"—he then wrote Mrs. Wood's name in the book, wiped the pen, and gave the book and the pen to Mrs. Wood, and told her to trace the dry pen over her name; she did so—Mr. Harvey then said to me, "You are a witness to what has passed between me and Mrs. Wood?"—I said, "Yes"—he then tore a leaf out of the book, and put it in his pocket—that was the leaf he had been writing on—and he put the book back in his desk.

MR. REED. Q. Do you know if that was a check book? A. Yet; I have heard since it was.

COURT. Q. What happened when he had put the book into his desk? A. He asked Mrs. Wood if she would take a glass of wine—she said she would—he told me to wash the glasses, and he gave Mrs. Wood a glass of wine, and took some himself; he then went out—Mrs. Wood went out with him to go home.

MR. REED. Q. Have you, by the direction of Mr. Harvey, ever called on Mrs. Wood? A. Yes; I first called a few days after I came to Mr. Harvey's, that was in Oct., 1850; that was when her husband was alive—I went to take a message for Mr. Harvey, a letter and some money in it; I do not know what money it was—I gave the letter to Mrs. Wood—from that time up to Oct. in the last year, I have been frequently by the direction of Mr. Harvey to the house of Mrs. Wood; I have been on every occasion to take money and letters; I have been three or four times a week—I mean regularly three or four times a week, sometimes I would go for two days together, and them I would not go for two days more—I always went three or four times every week—I took money on each occasion—I told Mrs. Wood, by the direction of Mr. Harvey, upon what account the money was given—I Used sometimes to say that it was her annuity; at other times I took it and said I had brought it from Mr. Harvey; she used to say, "Tell Mr. Harvey I am much obliged to him"—I remember, in June, 1852, purchasing a receipt stamp—that was by the direction of Mr. Harvey—I do not remember what year it was in exactly—I do not know what month it was in; yea, it was in June, but I do not remember what year (looking at the receipt); I believe this it the stamp that I fetched, it is just the same sort of stamp—I know for what purpose it was obtained—Mrs. Wood came into the Temple in June; I am sure it was June; it was not last June, it was the June before—Mrs. Wood came to Mr. Harvey's chambers, it was about 2 o'clock in the day; I was there—the usual salutations passed, and Mr. Harvey said, "Now, about this annuity; I will send Charlotte for a stamp; "I went out, fetched the stamp, and brought it back; Mr. Harvey then took it, and wrote something on it, and Mrs. Wood then signed her name to it, and Mr. Harvey then said he would give her the annuity of 12s. a week—Mrs. Wood told Mr. Harvey to hurry the people in Glasgow to sell the property as soon as possible, and Mr. Harvey said, very well, he would—I remember taking a check book from Mr. Harvey to Mrs. Wood—that was in August, 1851—he told me to tell Mrs. Wood to look over the accounts, and that I would call for it in the

morning; I delivered that message; Mrs. Wood said would I wait for it then—I said, no, I would call for it in the morning—she said, "Very well"—I called for it next morning; I saw her, and she said I was to tell Mr. Harvey that she had counted over the money, and all was right—I remember on one occasion Mrs. Wood lending Mr. Harvey a sovereign—that was in July, 1851; it was just by the Temple gate—I was there—I was waiting for Mr. Harvey at the Temple gate; his chambers were in Middle Temple-lane—Mrs. Wood and Mr. Harvey came through Temple Bar, and when Mr. Harvey saw me, he said to me, "Oh! I suppose you want some money?"—I said, "Yes;" he then said to Mrs. Wood, "Lend me one of those sovereigns to give to Charlotte, and I will go back to the bank and draw out 25l. or 30l.?"—Mrs. Wood said, "Very well"—she gave me the sovereign, wished Mr. Harvey good bye, and went down Middle Temple-lane; Mr. Harvey went upstairs; I went up to fetch a basket, and saw Mr. Harvey sit down and write something in a book, and tear out a leaf and put it in his pocket—I returned the sovereign; I went over to Mrs. Wood with it the same afternoon—we were living at Chiswick at that time—it was my custom to come down to him for money if I had none at home, and I had to go to Mr. Harvey to bring some things down to Chiswick.

Cross-examined by
MR. COCKLE. Q. Where have you been living for the last few months? A. I have been living at No. 3, Hampstead-street for this last month—since July I have been living most of the time in Apollo-court; I do not know where Mr. Harvey was living during that time—he was not living in Apollo-court with me and my aunt; he used to come in of a day—he used to come in sometimes and stop for an hour or two—he was not to say living there; he used to come in of a day—he did not sleep there; I think he had his chambers for about two years—he has not given them up that I recollect—I was in the habit of going to his chambers; I last saw him there about a month before he was taken into custody—I do not recollect when it was—I have seen him there since July, I saw him there about a month before he was arrested—I have been there very frequently without finding him there—I have gone there to fetch letters, which I have given to the prisoner after fetching them—I used to meet him at different places—sometimes he would appoint some street to meet me; sometimes he would appoint by Waterloo-bridge, and sometimes by Temple-bar—his chambers were in Middle. Temple-lane—he never told me why he did not go himself, I never asked him.

Q. What wages did you receive from this man? A. 4l. a year—I was to have received 4l. a year—I last received money on account of my wages about a week before Mr. Harvey was taken into custody—I did not then receive all that was due to me—he does not owe me money for anything else besides wages—my clothes are not in pawn for him—there was some of mine and my aunt's clothes in pledge—they were pawned for my aunt and myself—the tickets were found upon Mr. Harvey, I believe—I gave them to him—Mrs. Wood has never asked me since July for the prisoner's address, or where he was—I have never refused to give her his address; she never asked me—I have never told her that I did not know where he lived, or did not know his address—my aunt is here—I saw the name signed to the check in March, 1851—I saw the prisoner put a name to it—at the time the prisoner was taken into custody my aunt had not a black eye—I did not see the prisoner taken—I did not hear anything said to my aunt about a black eye in the prisoner's presence, by the officer or any one else.

MR. PARRY. Q. As to these pawn tickets, did you give them to Mr.

Harvey yourself? A. Yes; that was for the purpose of redeeming them for me.





RHODA HEFFERMAN
. In 1846 I became housekeeper to Mr. Harvey—I had previously lived as cook and housekeeper in various families; in noblemen's families—I remember about 1849 Mr. Harvey becoming acquainted with Dr. and Mrs. Wood—I knew the habits of Dr. and Mrs. Wood as regards temperance—I knew Dr. Wood personally—I have frequently seen him—I have known Mrs. Wood from that time—I have seen them very frequently come in an intoxicated state to Mr. Harvey's, and likewise in Essex-street, Strand—I have repeatedly seen Mr. Harvey supply Dr. Wood with money and food in 1849; that was very frequent—the girl was employed to take it, but I frequently made the parcel up—I have only taken it myself on one occasion—I remember about a sum of money of about 210l. coming to Mrs. Wood; I always understood it was 210l.—Mrs. Wood has spoken to me of Mr. Harvey's kindness to her—she told me that but for Mr. Harvey they would have been starved, and she particularly requested me to give her Mr. Harvey's mother's address, that she might write and say what a good son she had to keep them from starving, but I did not do so.

Q. Have you ever had conversation with Mrs. Wood about some money that she had lent or advanced to Mr. Harvey? A. I have; it was in the Temple—it was about three weeks after I went to Chiswick, which was on 9th May, 1851; it was about the commencement, or sometime in June; I cannot speak exactly to the date—she told me she had lent Mr. Harvey her money; that she had placed it in his hands to act as he thought proper with, and he was going to allow her 12s. a week as an annuity, and when he failed to do that he was to return her the 210l.—nothing more passed at that time—she was always speaking of his kindness towards her, and so forth—the property she was entitled to was at Glasgow.

Q. Do you remember at any time being called by Mr. Harvey to witness any signature? A. I do; that was in Weston-street—I know it was in March, and it was after Dr. Wood's funeral; and Mr. Harvey then went to Scotland—I perfectly recollect that it was in March, 1851—the young girl, my niece, and myself were called into the little back parlour—Mrs. Wood and Mr. Harvey were there—Mr. Harvey said, "I wish you, Mrs. Hefferman, to be a witness to a transaction between Mrs. Wood and myself;" he then produced a letter, and wrote her name in it—he then wiped the pen, gave it into her hand, and said, "Now, Mrs. Wood, trace your name over what I have written"—she did so, observing to me at the time, "Mrs. Hefferman, the troubles I have had has made my hand shake so, and so nervous, that I cannot write;" and she said, "From this time I give all my affairs into Mr. Harvey's hands, as I consider it safer in his hands than in any one elses"—he then said, "Charlotte, you and your aunt are both witnesses to this."

Q. At that time did you know whether Mrs. Wood had disposed of her property or no? A. Not at the time that this paper came there—Mr. Harvey told me it came from a merchant's house in Glasgow—to the best of my knowledge the property was disposed of in July.

Q. You mentioned just now, that in a conversation you had with Mrs. Wood in June about her property, that it was sold? A. That I am not aware of, only she told me at one time she was going to sell it, and then she told me that she had disposed of her property, and that Mr. Harvey was paying her 12s. a week as an annuity—it was in June, 1851, that she first told me she was going to dispose of her property: and the property was

disposed of in July, I know that—I heard of its being disposed of in July, and saw the money—I cannot recollect the exact date when she told me the property was sold, but I think it was about the second week in July—we remained at Chiswick nine months—we went in 1851, and left finally on 11th last July—I remember Mrs. Wood coming to Chiswick between May, 1851, and July, 1852, it was on a Sunday—the girl opened the gate—she said, "Charlotte, your long-expected visitor is come at last"—I was in the garden—I came and spoke to her; and she said to me, "Do you think, Mrs. Hefferman, that Mr. Harvey has plenty of money to day, for I want him to advance me 2l. 8s., for a particular occasion I require it for, out of my annuity?"—those were the words as well as I can recollect—I lived in Weston-street at one time—that was before I went to Chiswick—Mrs. Wood has, to my knowledge, frequently come to Mr. Harvey to write letters for her; and she has frequently left letters and small packets, and said, "Ask Mr. Harvey to open these, and write letters for me in my name, as he has done before, and make them as much like a female hand as possible—I was not a witness on the occasion of her asking Mr. Harvey to sign a check upon Glynn's—the girl told me she was a witness—I have frequently seen Mr. Harvey give money before the death of Dr. Wood—he has left money with me to give him at his chambers.

Q. Do you remember a Captain White, from Leith, at any time calling at Mr. Harvey's, at Chiswick? A. I do; he called and asked if Mr. Harvey was at home—Mr. Harvey was in town, but I expected him home early—he remained about an hour and a half, and, on leaving, he told me to say to Mr. Harvey that Captain White had called, that he had made all the inquiry he possibly could in the business that he wished, and the only information he could obtain was, that David Baine had left England, and gone to America, and that he was believed to be dead—I gave that message to Mr. Harvey; and he said, "Mr. David Baine was Mrs. Wood's brother"—this was about the middle of July, 1851, it was during the Exhibition—it was in July, I know.

Q. Have you at any time seen this book; just look at it? (Holding up the one shown to Mrs. Wood.) A. I have; I know it from this distance well, it is a little book in which Mr. Harvey used to put down the amounts he gave to Mrs. Wood—I cannot tell when I first saw that book, for I have seen it so frequently in his hands; and when he used to send the girl with money, he used to be putting down the sums—I could not swear that I ever saw it before Dr. Wood's death, but I think I did—I frequently saw it after his death—I have seen it from time to time in the prisoner's hands—I have seen him and Mrs. Wood in the room, and this book on the table, when they have been speaking—I have seen that on several occasions.

Cross-examined by
MR. COCKLE. Q. Do you happen to know where this man has been living since last July? A. I do not; I only know that he has had lodgings, but I never was at his lodgings—I was his housekeeper and servant during all the time—some part of the time between July and his being taken into custody he was in the Temple—I went to see him in the Temple—the last time I went to see him in the Temple was last July—that was the last time I know of his being in the Temple, and just the first week in August—he was living in town during August and September, except one week that he was in the country.

COURT. Q. When he was in town, do you know where he was lodging? A. Well, Sir, the fact is, I never was at his lodging—he told me he was lodging near Bond-street at first, and afterwards that he had taken a lodging in Catherine-street, Strand, but I never was there.


MR. COCKLE. Q. Was he living with you in Apollo-court? A. Never; he was never living at my house there—he was not in the habit of coming there every day—he was not lodging in such a place as that—he did not come there every day, but he would come almost every day, or every second day—I had not seen him for three days before he was taken into custody until that morning—he used to come to give me money to get food with—he used to come every day, or every second day, up to the time he was taken iuto custody, except the time he was out of town—he came up to the time he was taken into custody—Apollo-court is a very short distance from Middle Temple-lane, just opposite—my niece was in the constant habit of going from Apollo-court to the Temple, every day, for letters—sometimes she brought them to him there; and sometimes he would say, "Charlotte, go and get my letters, and meet me with them."

Q. How many times has Mrs. Wood applied to you for the prisoner's address? A. For his address, Sir? I can only say she never asked me for his address, she always knew where to find him; it was for his mother's address she asked me; she never asked me for his address, that I can swear—I refused to give her his mother's address; I never refused to give her his address—I refused the mother's address without the sanction of Mr. Harvey—I told him of it afterwards, and he said I did right.

Q. You have said you are his housekeeper and servant; when did you last receive any wages from him? A. Oh, that was a matter I always trusted to Mr. Harvey—he has given me money as I have required it, to purchase clothing, but I always believed in Mr. Harvey's honesty of intention towards me, that when he got on in his profession he would pay me for all—I was constantly in the habit of receiving money from him for clothing and food, up to the very morning he was taken—I have never had any regular wages from him—I have received some pounds from him; I always left it in his hands—it was an understood thing; I was not pressed for money exactly—I received some money from him on the very day before he was taken into custody; that was for food and clothing—I have received pounds and pounds from him, in the course of six years—I have not been in the habit of lending him money lately; not within the last six or nine months—I have not had it in my power, if I had, if it was thousands, I would have lent it to him or given it to him—I have not lent him money within the last twelve months—I have applied to him for money within that time, when I required it—I repeat the answer, that if I had thousands I would lend it to him, or give it to him, if I had it at this moment.

Q. Why, have you not accused him of ruining you? A. Oh, never!—ruining me! never.

Q. Answer, yes or no—Have you never accused him of ruining you by his drunkenness and extravagance? A. Oh! words which might have been spoken when there was words between me and the girl, and he took her part.

COURT. Q. The question is, Did you ever say so? A. I might possibly—I am of a warm disposition, and I might have said it.

MR. COCKLE. Q. You might have said that he had ruined you by his drunkenness and extravagance? A. I might have said such a thing; I do not always stand upon what I say when I am warm.

Q. Did not you charge him with breaking your bonnet? A. Oh, that is nothing; perhaps I might have made a claim upon him for breaking my bonnet and knocking me down—it was my fault; the young girl was impudent to me, and Mr. Harvey came in at the time; I obstructed his passing out,

and he pushed me; I deserved it, I know—I swear positively that was the occasion of it—the policeman asked me some questions, and if he is in Court he can tell you the same; there he is, I know him—I told him that I obstructed Mr. Harvey's going out—I had no black eye; it was merely a push he gave me; I told the policeman I had had a push—when he asked me who gave me the black eye I told him that I had obstructed Mr. Harvey in going out at the door, and he pushed me.

Q. Did you say anything about your refusal to sign papers for him? A. To sign papers for him?—well, let me recollect, do not be in such a hurry; you ask me so many questions—yes, yes; I know perfectly—I will answer you.

Q. Did you tell the policeman that it was because you refused to sign a paper for him? A. It was just that—I offended him, because he made out a lot of scribbling papers and said, "Sign this" and I said, "No, I will sign no such stuff, put it in the fire"—it is possible I might tell the policeman that—I did not tell him that was the reason I was struck, and my bonnet broken—I certainly did not tell the policeman that the reason why I had been assaulted and my eye blackened, and my bonnet broken, was because I had refused to sign some papers which the prisoner wished me to sign—I could not say such a thing—the night before this occurred he pushed me.

Q. What did you mean, then, by saying just now that there was a parcel of papers which you would not sign? A. Well, I say a few—nothing but papers of our own; it was wages and his own affairs, and he was writing all this stuff down, and I accused him of cruelty—I was certainly angry, because he pushed me—I refused to sign a paper about my wages.

COURT. Q. Let me understand—Were you asked by him to sign a paper about your wages? A. I was, and I refused to sign it—it was not then that he struck me; that occurred the night before; he did not strike me, he pushed me.

MR. COCKLE. Q. Did you see the person who came to give information about Mrs. Wood's brother's death? A. Yes; that was the only day I ever saw him—he told me that Mr. Harvey knew his address where to write to him.

MR. PARRY. Q. You say that you had some dispute with the prisoner, and that you are rather of a warm disposition? A. I am, Sir, very warm—the prisoner has always dealt most honourably by me—I think I should know Mrs. Wood's handwriting; I have seen her handwriting—sometimes she was in the habit of having other persons to write for her.





HENRY JOHNSON
. I am a grocer and teadealer, residing at No. 152, Surrey-street, Blackfriars. I do not know Mrs. Wood—I have not got any Post-office orders here—I was not desired to bring them, they are not in my possession—here is the notice I received (producing it); the books in which they are entered are in actual use; I could not bring them.
(The witness was desired to fetch them.)





HENRY JOHNSON

re-examined. I have brought the books—(looking at a book); on 25th Oct. 1851, I paid a Post-office order from the office, No. 254, Strand, for 5s.—on Ist Nov. another for 4s.—one on 4th Nov. for 15s.—one on 8th Nov. for 1l.—one on 15th Nov. for 4s.—one on 17th Nov. for 3s.—one on 29th Nov. for 4s., and one on Dec. 11th for 4s.

COURT. Q. Does your book show who received it? A. The orders are all signed "Catherine Wood"—the entry in my book is "Catherine Wood;" she would not sign the book, but the order.

MR. PARRY
to
CATHERINE WOOD. Q. Have not you taken at least twenty

or thirty orders to Mr. Johnson's? A. I cannot say to the number, I took a good many—I do not recollect whether I received 1l. by Post-office order from the prisoner, on or about 8th Nov. 1851; or 15s. on the 4th; or 15s. on 11th Nov. 1851—in Sept. 1852, I received 15s.

COURT. Q. Have you received between 6l. and 7l. by Post-office orders? A. I have.

Q. Some time in March last year, 1851, when the prisoner was living in Weston-street, did you go to his house, and in a room in which Mrs. Heffer-man and the girl Charlotte were present, hear the prisoner say to you, "This is a bank letter I have received from Glasgow," and sign his name to the letter, and yours too: and did he then wipe the pen and give it to you, and tell you to put the dry pen over the name? A. I never was in Weston-street, nor were those women in my presence in any business transaction with Mr. Harvey.

Q. In Sept. following, were you at the chambers of Harvey when he took a book out of his writing desk, in the presence of the girl who is here, and said, "This is the last 5l. out of the 210l.," and did you say, "Very well;" and did he then write his name in his own book, and say to you, "Shall you or I write your name in the book;" and did you say, "No, write it yourself, as you always do?" A. Never; such a thing never passed—I never signed the receipt which I have already spoken to; I do not know for what purpose it could have been drawn up—I did not tell the housekeeper, about 1st June, that I had placed my money, 210l., in Mr. Harvey's hands, and that he was to allow me an annuity of 12s. a week; never.

Q. Did you go one Sunday to Chiswick, and tell Mrs. Hefferman you wanted Mr. Harvey to advance you something out of your annuity? A. I never saw Mrs. Hefferman that Sunday—I never went to Mr. Harvey, and asked him to write letters for me, and ask him to make them as much like a female hand as possible; I can write my own letters.
(John May, a surgeon; William Matthew Shepherd, a surgeon; and Edward Enfield Ballard, physician, of St. Thomas's-street, Borough, gave the prisoner a good character).




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

(There were other indictments against the prisoner).
