



1393. 




CHARLES BARNHARD



, feloniously being at large before the expiration of the term for which he had been transported.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES WILLIAMS
. I am deputy-governor of the York convict hulk, at Gosport—I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction here—(read—Convicted April, 1848, of stealing seven 10l.-notes; sentenced to be transported for seven years)—he was sent on board the hulk at Gosport on 8th Jan., 1849—he served seven months and thirteen days, and then received this conditional pardon, signed by Her Majesty—(this being read, was a pardon to the prisoner, upon the condition of his quitting the kingdom within thirty days, and not returning till after the expiration of his sentence)—it was explained to the prisoner—he is a German—he was shipped in the Johanna, for Hamburgh, by me, and his passage paid; we also provided him with a passport.

Prisoner. They told me it was a free pardon. Witness. I was present when the governor explained it, and I explained it myself—he perfectly understood it.






ROBINSON WEBB
. I was in the City-police—I took the prisoner, and he was tried in April, 1848, for stealing seven 10l. notes—I heard him sentenced to be transported for seven years—I knew him by sight before—he has been in this country some years, but speaks English very imperfectly; it was necessary to have an interpreter before the Magistrate.





JAMES BRADLEY
. I am one of the officers of the Mansion-house—I apprehended the prisoner there on 10th July—he showed me this free pardon, which he had in his hand—I took him to the Home-office—(a certificate from the hulk was here read, to the effect that the prisoner was discharged in consequence of having received a free pardon;—The prisoner's statement before the Magistrate was read, as follows:—"I wish to explain, and you will take it as evidence against me, this passport was given me, and this certificate; I was informed that it was a conditional pardon; I went to Hamburgh, and the authorities said I had lost my right to my privileges there; but if I have done wrong, I am willing to put up with the punishment, heavy as it may be.")

Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of what I was transported for; I came back here because the authorities said if I did not go back they would send me back.




GUILTY
. Aged 57.—


Transported for Seven Years.

