



924. 




MARTHA CARR



, stealing 1 purse, value 1s., 36 sovereigns, 25 half-sovereigns, 1 half crown, and 17s.; the property of 



Edward Griffiths, from his person.






EDWARD GRIFFITHS
. On 4th April I went to dine with a friend, and stopped till about one o'clock in the morning—I received there thirty-six sovereigns, twenty-five half-sovereigns, seventeen shillings, and one half-crown, which I put into my purse, and put my purse into my left-hand trowsers pocket—I was going home, but do not recollect being in Hoi born, and any woman accosting me—this purse (produced) is mine; I have had it twelve months—the money is right, except 10l., which the Magistrate allowed me to have.





JAMES COFFEE
 (policeman, E 31). On the morning of 5th April, between two and three o'clock, I met the last witness walking with the prisoner in Holborn; they turned up Featherstone-buildings, towards Bedford-row, walking arm-in-arm—I hid myself in Jockey's-fields, which lay by Gray's-inn-walk, and saw the prisoner turn the gentleman's pocket out and run away suddenly—I stopped her at the corner of Ann-court, and asked what she had done with the gentleman—she said she left him in Jockey's-fields; that she ran away because he offered her 10d., and she showed me 10d. in her left hand—I asked what she had in the other hand; she said "Nothing"—I laid hold of it and found this purse—I saw a man near, who ran away directly I took the prisoner—I took her back to the gentleman, and found him with another policeman—he was not sober, and complained of having lost between 40l. and 50l.—I showed him the purse, and he claimed it—at the station I found it contained thirty-six sovereigns, twenty-five half-sovereigns, seventeen shillings, and one half-crown—there was other money found on the prisoner.

Prisoner's Defence. The policeman took me to the gentleman, said to him, "Give me the purse," took it from his hand, and then charged me.




GUILTY
. † Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.

