




410. 




GEORGE KIPLING
 and 




EDWARD SMITH



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



Peter Bromley, and stealing 1 copper, and other articles; his goods: and feloniously cutting and wounding the said 



Peter Bromley.

Mr. COOPER
conducted the Prosecution.






PETER BROMLEY
. I live at No. 3. Great Ormond-street, Russell-square; it is my dwelling house, and in the parish of St. George the Martyr. On 4th Feb. I went to bed between 11 and 12 o'clock, leaving the house door on the latch—I sleep in the back parlour—when I had been in bed three or four hours, I heard some one going along the passage, and saw a light in the back yard—I then heard some one come in from the yard, and go down into the back kitchen—I saw the lights flaring on the yard wall through the back kitchen window, and I heard a slop-pail moved—I then got up, and went to the top of the kitchen stairs, and saw a light in the back kitchen—I called out to the lodger, who I thought was below, to know who was there, and no one

answered—I then stepped back about two feet from the top of the stairs; I thought I heard some one move, went to the head of the stairs again, looked over, and saw a man, who is the prisoner Kipling, standing at the bottom—there was a candle burning in the back kitchen; I could not see where it was, but from the light there I could see—I was about ten feet off Kipling; I am quite sure he is the person—I said, "Who are you?" or, "What do you want?" but he made no answer—I then stepped back again; I did not get so far as the parlour door, when they came up, and I caught Kipling in my arms—I did not see him at that moment, because I turned myself round, and caught Smith; and while I was struggling with Smith, Kipling returned, and struck me in the eye—Kipling then went to the front door, and I saw his face at that time; I am convinced he is the man—Kipling then went out, and the other one after him—I did not see his face, but he was about the size of Smith—my eye was cut down about an inch; it did not bleed very much—I think it was done with a brick—I bad left my wife in bed—I followed the prisoners to the door, and called, "Police!"

Cross-examined by Mr. RIBTON. Q. Did you fasten the door yourself this night? A. Yes; but my lodger came in afterwards, about half past 12 o'clock—he is not here—he was the last in—this happened about 5 o'clock in the morning—I first saw Kipling at the bottom of the stairs, between the front and back kitchen doors—I could see him without looking over the bannister, there is not above two feet with bannister at all—there are fourteen steps—the light was in the back kitchen—when I went down afterwards, the light was burning, stuck into he end of the dresser; I dare say I stood at the top of the stairs looking at Kipling, a minute; he was standing quite still—I did not see the other man—after I saw Kipling there, it was not more than a minute, or half a minute before the men came up—I had not been into the bedroom—when they came up I caught Kipling in my arms; he got away, and just as he got away the other one came up—there was no candle, but the passage is not so dark; they both got away eventually—from the time I got out of bed till they got away, was about four or five minutes—my wife came out before they got away, but how long before I cannot say; I did not lose any property.





SUSAN BROMLEY
. I am the wife of last witness. I recollect the morning when the house was broken into; I saw both the prisoners, they had to pan my door to get into the street—I saw them both pass—I am positive Smith is one of them, but I could not see the other one's face—there is a light outside the door, directly opposite the fanlight—I saw Smith again on the following Thursday at the police office—I am sure he is the man.

Cross-examined. Q. When you came out were the men just going away.? A. They were scuffling on the top of the stairs with my husband, and they ran past me the moment I came out—I believe Kipling to be the other man, by his stature; I never saw Smith before; I was taken to the station by two constables to see him on the following Thursday—they came to our house, and said they wanted us to go to the station to see if we could identify two men they had taken; and we picked these two out of three—I am able to speak to Smith, by the glare of the lamp thrown on his face—the lamp is opposite the fanlight; the bedroom door is about two yards from the staircase.





GEORGE DAVIS
 (policeman, E 1). On the morning of the 5th, I was called from my beat in Great Ormond-street by Mr. Bromley, and went to No. 3—I went into the kitchen and found a copper, and other articles (produced) in a bag in the centre of the kitchen.






PETER BROMLEY

re-examined. I went into the kitchen after Davis, and saw this sack there—it does not belong to me—the things in it are mine; the copper had been taken out of the brickwork in which it was set, and the boiler was before, under the dresser; these are worth about 3l.





JAMES COFFEE
 (policeman, E 31), In consequence of information, I went in search of the prisoners, and saw them on Thursday, the 10th, in a street in St. Giles's; an hour or two after I saw them, through the window, in a room—I went in, and told them I wanted them on suspicion of a burglary on the previous Saturday, at Ormond-street; Kipling said, "Very well"—I gave them into the custody of some constables who were with me, and Kipling said, "I will be if I go," and knocked the candle out—I searched him, and found 3s. or 4s. on him.





WILLIAM SMEE
 (policeman, E 310), I took Smith into custody—this pair of boots and shoes, and a cap (produced) I found at Mr. Bromley's house; they were left there on the night of the robbery—on the night previous to the robbery, I saw Smith with a cap on similar to this one—to the best of my belief these shoes are Smith's, he says they do not fit him, but he could make them fit if he liked.





PETER BROMLEY

re-examined. These shoes were left at my feet, and the cap was left in my hand—I gave them to the officer.

Cross-examined. Q. You took the cap off the head of the man you were struggling with? A. Yes; off Smith's head.





WILLIAM SMEE

re-examined by Mr. RIBTON. I and Coffee tried the shoes on Smith at the station house, but he would not let them go on, he would not put his heel down; he said they were not big enough for him—they were brought to the police office—he did not there in the presence of the Magistrate, and in my presence, ask to have them tried on—I saw him in George-street, St. Giles, on the night before—the robbery, with a similar cap on to this—I cannot say that this is the same one—that was not the first time I had seen him with a cap, and I have not seen him with one since; he had a different one on when taken into custody—(another cap similar to the we produced was here handed to the witness by Mr. RIBTON)—this is not the same cap—this one (the first) is the one found in the house.
Mr. COOPER. Q. In your opinion, if it had not been for Smith's resistance would the shoes have fitted him? A. Yes





JAMES COFFEE

re-examined. I was at the police court—I spoke about the shoes to the Magistrate, and Smith was agreeable to have them tried on, but I found I had not brought them with me—Smee was not there at the time—I brought the shoes at the second examination, but they were not tried on, as the depositions had been taken.

KIPLING—




GUILTY of stealing.


SMITH—




GUILTY of stealing


(The prisoners were further charged with having been before convicted.)





CHARLES HART
 (policeman, E 99). I produce a certificate (read: 


William Brown
, alias George Kipling, convicted here, Feb. 1849, having been before convicted; confined one year)—Kipling is the same person.





THOMAS EGERTON
 (policeman, E 51). I produce a certificate (read: 


Edward Lewis
, alias 



John Brown, convicted here, Nov. 1849, having been before convicted; confined nine months—Smith is the person there described.

KIPLING—
GUILTY. Aged 23.

SMITH—
GUILTY. Ages 23.





Transported for Seven Years.

