



464. 




RICHARD FLARTHEY



, stealing 1 cloak, value 30s.; the goods of 




John Brees: having been before convicted of felony.






JOHN BREES
. I live in West-street, Smithfield, and am an ironmonger. On 22nd Jan. I was with my horse and cart in Stingo-lane, about a quarter before five o'clock—I went into Mr. Lovegrove's, to deliver some goods—I was called out to move my cart, to make way for a load of gravel—I left my cloak on my horse, and returned to Mr. Lovegrove's—I stayed about three minutes, and then missed my cloak—it was a blue cloak with a velvet collar.





BENJAMIN KIRK
. I live with my father, in Walmer-street. On 22nd Jan. I saw Mr. Brees bring his horse and cart out of Stingo-lane into Walmer-street—I saw something over the horse's back—I saw the prisoner stand on the edge of the kerb-stone—he looked over the horse's back, and took the article off the horse's back, put it under his arm, and ran down Walmer-place—when he turned the corner, he ran—when I saw him again, he was lighting his pipe—I had seen him previously, so as to be sure he is the person—I afterwards saw him at an apple-stall—I pointed him out to the officer.

Prisoner. He says he saw me at the apple-stall, and he said it was at a green-grocer's shop! Witness. It was at an apple-stall I saw him first, and then I saw him at a green-grocer's shop, and I pointed him out.





JOHN JAMES KIRK
. I live in Walmer-street, and keep a coal-shed. Between four and five o'clock on 22nd Jan., my son told me what he had seen—I went, and saw the prisoner running down Walmer-place with a cloak, or something of that description, under his arm—I knew him by sight before, so as to know him again.





PATRICK JENNINGS
 (policeman, D 123). I apprehended the prisoner; Benjamin Kirk charged him—I told him I wanted that cloak that he had—he said he had had no cloak—I took hold of him—he undid his coat and waistcoat, and tried to slip out to get away.

Prisoner. He came to me and said he wanted me; he would not tell me what it was for; he told me it was enough that he had got me, and would keep me tight, and I would not go with him; then he got more assistance, and I went with him; I know nothing about the cloak, I never saw it. Witness.. He was taken in about five minutes—there is a place down Walmer-place where they put away stolen goods.






GEORGE HANSON
 (policeman, D 230). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted January, 1849, having been before convicted—Confined nine months)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

