




524. 




CHARLES DALE



, breaking and entering the warehouse of 



Charles John Moakes, and stealing 2 dead hares, 1 cloak, 1 coalscuttle, and other articles, value 5l. 5s.; his goods.






WILLIAM STRICKLAND
. I am clerk to Charles John Moakes, who has a warehouse in Great Dover-street, in the parish of Newington. On Saturday night, 26th March, about 11 o'clock, I secured the warehouse with a padlock and two bolts—the counting house leads to the warehouse—it is under the tame roof, next to it—you can go out of one into the other—there is a door between them—I locked the counting house as well—it opens into the passage leading to the back door of the warehouse—I fastened that door with a spring latch, but there is no bolt—that door goes into the passage which leads to the dwelling house, and there is also a door into the street—I fastened two doors with a latch, and the outside door I shut and barred—next morning, between 6 and 7 o'clock I was called up—I examined the premises between 9 and 10 o'clock—I observed the gate of the warehouse which opens into Napier-street—the hasp was forced off, and the padlock was left on the hasp; they could then draw the bolts and get in—the bolts were drawn—I went into the counting house, and missed a cloak, and from the passage a copper coalscuttle, and two bares which were hanging up—the door between the warehouse and the passage was open—I know the prisoner—I saw him on Saturday night, the 26th, from 10 to 11 o'clock, about the premises of the coal shed—Mr. Moakes had got tickets of a charitable institution for Easter; coals are delivered to people, and those who are not able to fetch them pay persons to do so—I believe the prisoner came to take away some coals—I expect he got over the wall, and broke into the counting house first—I found the counting house door open in the morning—it opens with a spring lock, which must have been opened with a latch key—there was a mark as of force on the lock.





PHILIP BROWN
 (policeman). On Sunday morning, between 4 and 5 o'clock, I was on duty in Napier-street, and saw the prisoner put his head out of the door of Mr. Moakes's coal warehouse, which was open—when be saw me he drew his head in again—I went to the door, and tried it, but it was then fast by some means—I did not know the prisoner before—I said, "Who is there?"—the prisoner said, "Halloo!"—I asked him to open the door, and beard him walk through the counting house, which goes towards the yard—I then sprang my rattle, got assistance, tried the door again where I had seen the prisoner, and it came open—in the coal warehouse I found a copper coalscuttle in a coal sack, and on the sack lay two hares—soon afterwards I went over the walls of four or five houses by a ladder, and found the prisoner in a water-closet four doors off—he said, "Could not you do without a ladder?"

Prisoner. Q. How can you swear that I put my bead out at the door? A. I distinctly saw your head and face—you were ten or twelve yards from me—it was just dusk, just before daylight.





GEORGE ADAMS
 (policeman). I heard a rattle, went to the premises, and found Brown there—I assisted him in searching—I got a short ladder, got over four walls, and found the prisoner standing upon the seat of a privy—I asked him what he was doing—he said, "Nothing"—this padlock (produced) was wrenched off—he could not get to that from the outside.





CHARLES MOAKES
. These are my father's premises, and are in the parish of St. Mary, Newington—there is an outer door to the coal warehouse, and one to the dwelling house—there is no outer door to the counting house—you get from the warehouse to the counting house by a door which shuts

on a latch, and to the dwelling house also by a door which fastens with a latch—the counting notice door opens into the passage—a person can go in at the outer door of the dwelling house, through a little passage into the counting house, or you may go from the warehouse into the counting house—there are two doors that can be got to from the outside, and three from the inside—a person could get over the wall, open the counting house door with a latch key, and then open the next door into the warehouse.





WILLIAM STRICKLAND

re-examined. I saw no marks of violence on the street door of the house, but the padlock on the outer door of the warehouse was broken—there were marks of violence on that door which was latched, and which you can get to from the yard—if anybody got over the wall they might get in at that door—there was also violence to the warehouse door—I am positive the doors were all safe the night before.

Prisoner's Defence. I had no money, and had nothing to eat all day; I saw a door open, went in there, went right through, and laid down in the water closet; I was not in the warehouse.




GUILTY
.
(The prisoner was further charged with having been before convicted),





HENRY SUMMERS
 (policeman). I produce a certificate (read—"Surrey Sessions Charles Dale, convicted Sept., 1852, of stealing leaden pipe, fixed to a building.—
Confined six months")—I was present—the prisoner is the person.


GUILTY.** Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

