




1031. 




THOMAS HOPKINS
 and 




SARAH RUSSELL



, robbery on 



Richard Hines, and stealing from his person 1 handkerchief, 1 tobacco-box, and 1 book, value 3s., and 6 shillings; his property.






RICHARD HINES
. I live at Wandsworth. On Sunday, 28th April, I was in Battersea-fields—I had been with two young men in a beer-shop the first part of the afternoon—the prisoners, and a man named Cooper, and another young man, were drinking with me—Hopkins produced 1d. towards another pot—I refused to pay it—I had 6s. and a few halfpence in my left jacket-pocket, and a tobacco-box—I had not too much drink—I am sure I had the money—I left the house—the prisoners followed me about 200 yards, and the other man—they came up—Hopkins knocked me down—they straddled me, and swore if I did not give them money they would rip my guts open—I knew Hopkins before—I managed to get to the tent, into the back part, and they pulled me out by my heels—Hopkins got a libbet, a cock-shy stick, about five inches round, and swore he would beat my brains out if I did not give him my money—I do not know which dragged me out; they were both together—Russell then got the libbet, and swore he would knock my brains out—they pulled my handkerchief off my neck, and pulled off my shoe and my belt, and wanted to borrow a knife to get my other shoe off—about five children were there, who live in the tent—a little boy fetched his father to my assistance, and they left me—I went into the jerry, but they had got there before me—I then missed my money, tobacco-box, handkerchief, shoe, knife, and cap—this is my cap and tobacco-box (produced)—I was knocked about the eye and face; my face was all over blood next morning, and it had swelled very much—I have known Russell's family about twelve months, she was in the beer-shop, but I did not see her when they came out after me—we could not find the handkerchief—the policeman gave me my shoe again.





PHILADELPHIA JONES
. I live at Barnes'-common—my sister was living at Battersea-fields, in a tent, and I was stopping with her. On Sunday night, between nine and ten o'clock, I was in the tent with Joseph Cooper, Sarah Taylor, and two more children—I saw Hines about one or two hundred yards from the tent, and a man and woman with him—Hopkins is the man—it was a moon shiny night—they knocked him down, and dragged him along—he tried to get in at the back of the tent—my sister said, "Don't go in there; come in at the front—the two men pulled him out by the legs, hit him in the mouth, and knocked him down—Hopkins got a straddle of him, put his hand over his mouth, took a steel tobacco-box out of his pocket, shot some money out of it into his hand, and gave it to the woman, who was standing close to his heel, and the other man asked Joseph Cooper for a knife to cut Hine's shoe off, as his foot was swelling—Cooper would not give it him, because he said he was robbing the man—he picked up a libbet, and said if he did not keep quiet he would beat his b—y brains out—they took his handkerchief, strap, money, and shoe, and went away—Hines got up, and came to the tent—we took him to a beer-shop, and found the prisoners and the other man there—we told Cooper, who was there, that Hopkins had been robbing the man—he struck Hopkins, to make him deliver the money up, and then struck the other man, and Mrs. Land pushed them both out—

Russell had run out before, and fetched a policeman, to give Cooper in charge, because he had been beating her man.





JOSEPH COOPER
. I live with my father and mother. I was in the tent and saw the prisoner and another man about 100 yards off—Hopkins knocked Hinds down, and took hold of his heels and dragged him close to the tent—he tried to get in—they dragged him out of the tent and knocked him down in the ditch—the other man got a-stroddle legs of Hinds, and asked me for a knife to cut his shoe, because his foot was swelling—Russell stood, close to them—I saw Hopkins take his handkerchief off, and his belt and tobacco-box—my aunt was holding a candle—he gave the box to Russell, and she ran away—they all went to Land's beer-shop—Hinds was half drunk—he said, "I know your father, his name is Cooper; will you give me a night's lodging?"—his face was all over blood—I took him to the beer-shop, and found the prisoners there, and Cooper, who knocked Hopkins under the table because he had robbed Hinds—Russell ran away for a policeman.

Hopkins. Q. Are you sure it was me who knocked him down? A. Yes—you did not drag him quite to the tent.





SARAH TAYLOR
. I live in the tent with my uncle, Bobby Cooper. I saw the prisoners and another man—I saw Hopkins get a stroddle-leg of Hinds down in the ditch—they put their hands over his mouth to stop his breath, and picked up a libbet and said they would dash his b—y brains out if he did not lie still—they took a tobacco-box out of his pocket, which Hopkins kept in his hand—I did not see what he did with it—afterwards Russell was there—she did nothing—she only stood over the man's head—we afterwards took him to Land's, and found Master Cooper and the two men and the woman—Master Cooper began fighting him, and knocked him under the table, and Mrs. Land heat the table about their heads.





GEORGE BAVILLE WRIGHT
 (policeman, V 330). On Sunday night, 8th April, about ten o'clock, I was on duty in Battersea-fields and heard the screams of the female prisoner—I asked her what was the meaning of it—she said some gipsies were knocking her man about—I had great difficulty to get her back to Land's—Hinds was there, and some other boys and girls—Hopkins was not there—I detained Russell—I found nothing on her but a key and a thimble—the place where this happened was described to me—I went there next morning, and found 6s., a cap, and a strap, which I afterwards gave to Hinds, as he had got no strap or boot.

Russell. I did not refuse to go back with you; I said you had better fetch another policeman before I went, as they were too strong for you; they had beaten me about. Witness. She did say they would knock her about if she went back.





JOHN DENDY
 (policeman). I took Hopkins—I said, "You know what it is for"—he said, "Yes"—I afterwards said I took him on suspicion of being concerned in a robbery in Battersea-fields on Sunday evening—he said, "I know about it; I was robbed myself; I lost my cap, and several things out of my pocket."

Hopkins's Defence. I went with the policeman quietly; I thought he wanted me as a witness rather than a prisoner, or I could easily have got away. We were drinking, and Hinds said he would fight me; I hit him in the eye; whether he went away I don't know; I stopped a quarter of an hour, went out, and found two men fighting with him; I went and took his part; I caught hold of him by the jacket, and said, "Come along, let us go after him;" the two men took my cap and jacket while I was helping him.


Russell's Defence. I had only left my place on Saturday night; I had spent all my wages.

HOPKINS—


GUILTY.** Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.


RUSSELL—


GUILTY
.* Aged 19.—



Confined Twelve Months.


Before Mr. Justice Cresswell.

