




100. 




JOHN BAKER
 and 




GEORGE BRITTON



, breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



Edward Henry Moscrop, and stealing therein 2 watches, 1 brooch, 9 handkerchiefs, and other articles, value 44l.; his property; Britton having been before convicted: to which


BRITTON pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.






ANN COLLINS HOCKLEY
. I am the wife of John Baker Hockley; I am on a visit at No. 5, St. George's-square, Pimlico. On 18th Nov., about twenty minutes to nine o'clock in the morning, I was looking out of the window, and saw six men walking backwards and forwards in front of Mr. Moscrop's house, which is a private house, opposite; they appeared to be in deep consultation, and then two separated from the rest, and rung the bell at Mr. Moscrop's area gate; they stood a little while; there were no persons in the house, they had gone to the Duke of Wellington's funeral, I believe; nobody answered the bell, and the shortest of the men, I believe, unlocked the gate; they both entered and went into the area; they very soon returned, and locked the gate after them—they then went to the front door, which they forcibly opened; they appeared to use some instrument, and wrench it open, and then went in and closed the door—in a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes afterwards I saw one man, in dark clothes, on the roof of the house; he came and looked over—there were hundreds of persons at that time in pursuit of the thieves, but they could not get in at the door—to the best of my belief the prisoners are the men; I could not distinguish their features, but I believe them to be them by their figures.

Baker. Q. You are not positive whether we are the men who descended into the area? A. I have no doubt, in my own mind; I saw your figures, and that is quite sufficient, I think—I saw men on the roof—I was at a bedroom window, on the second story, overlooking Mr. Moscrop's

premises—Mr. Moscrop's house is four stories high, the same height as the house I was in—there is a parapet on the roof of Mr. Moscrop's house; I do not know the height of it, but I could see the slates distinctly.

COURT. Q. You had not seen the men before that day? A. No; I saw them again the same day at the police court, and I saw them in the street as they were being taken away.





WILLIAM MASTERS
. I live at No. 140, I llingdon-street, Vauxhall-bridge, and am employed by Mr. Cubitt. On 18th Nov., about half-past 8 o'clock, I was passing Mr. Moscrop's house, and saw two men talking together, and one a distance off—I went part of the way to Vauxhall-bridge, returned about a quarter to nine o'clock, and in consequence of something Mrs. Hockley said I went to No. 22, and found the front door had been broken open; a piece was broken off where the lock should go in, but it was bolted at the top—I called a watchman to assist me, and found the door and window fast—I tried the back door and window, and found them fast—I went to the yard for a ladder, and was gone perhaps two minutes; as I was coming back I saw Britton on the top of the house—I climbed up by way of the empty houses, went to No. 22, and found Britton standing on the roof in the gutter—I saw a gold watch, two keys, and other things in the gutter—I took Britton—as I went along with him I saw Mr. Cox in the road with the prisoner Baker.





JEREMIAH COX
. I am a builder, of No. 16, St. George's-square. On the morning of the Duke of Wellington's funeral, about a quarter-past nine o'clock, I was called to Mr. Moscrop's, and sent a man on to the roof—about a quarter of an hour afterwards I went up myself, and went from No. 22 to the roof of No. 20, where I round Baker standing in the gutter; I took him by the collar, and took him down into the street—there was nothing to prevent his getting from No. 22 to No. 20.





EDWARD HENRY MOSCROP
. I live at No. 22, St. George's-square, Pimlico, and am a private gentleman. On the morning of the Duke of Wellington's funeral I left my house with no one in it, but quite safe—there is a patent Chubb latch, which fastens on being pulled, and has a latch key-hole outside; a person could open the door with a latchkey—there was no bolt shot—when I came borne I found the door had been forcibly opened by an instrument, apparently forced into the door from the outside, and prized open—these pocket handkerchiefs are mine, and were in a drawer of my dressing table; this bracelet, and these two brooches are my wife's, and this watch is mine—they were all left in the house.





WILLIAM FULHAM
. I am a master plasterer. I was working for Mr. Cox, on some unfinished houses in St. George's-square, and saw Masters with a ladder, coming along Lucas-street towards Mr. Moscrop's, which is at the corner of Lucas-street and St. George's-square—I heard a trap door on the roof suddenly, and saw Britton come out first, and Baker followed him—Britton went across to the back, to a chimney, and Baker went round to the front; I went, to prevent them from getting down through the empty houses—I am sure of Baker; I saw his face—I received this ring (produced) from William Little, one of my work boys.





WILLIAM LITTLE
. I am a plasterer's boy, under Mr. Fulham. I went on to the roof of an empty house about half-past 8 or 9 o'clock, and saw the prisoners both running away from No. 22, on the roofs; they both had their waistcoats undone—Baker was on No. 16, and Britton on No. 22; Britton had a ring, which he threw down—I picked it up; this produced is it—they both ran towards the houses which were unfinished.






ELLEN JALLAND
. I live at No. 22, St. George's-square. On the morning of 18th Nov. I beard a noise on the roof, and went into the attic; I opened the door leading on to the roof, and saw several men; the foremost of them was Britton; he asked me to let him come into the house, and see if anybody was there—I told him no thieves were there, and I should not let him in—he said he should have the police—our house is next door to Mr. Moscrop's—Mr. Cox brought me the property to take care of; I took it into Mr. Cox's house, and gave it to one of his men; it was this watch, bracelet, and brooch.





LUKE GODDARD
. I am a carpenter, and was working for Mr. Cox. I was first on the roof, in pursuit of the parties—I got on to the party-wall of No. 22, and saw a man with a crape band on his hat, coming through the trap door—I returned to the said house, picked up a bit of board, and threw it into the street, to attract attention—I returned, and as I was getting over the wall I saw Britton by the trap door, in the gutter, and saw all the property lying in the gutter and on the roof; I said, "Halloo, my lad; what are you about?" he said, "We have got them, we have got them; they have gone along this way"—Baker was near him—they went along the roofs of nine houses, saying, "We will watch them, we will watch them!"—there was a blank wall, and I said, "You cannot get down, you must return back"—about the third house from No. 22 I picked up these skeleton keys (produced) and a thing like a shoemaker's awl—Britton said, "These are the keys"—I said, "You are the men;" he said, "My good man, don't say it was me; do I look like a thief? consider, you have got sons of your own, how would you like them to be transported?" and then he was taken.





GEORGE BAKER
 (policeman, A 251). I received charge of Britton from Masters—Baker was taken to the station by Mr. Cox—I produce this property, which I received from several men working for Mr. Cox, and this small crow-bar, which I think I received from Pullen, who is not here; I tried it to the door; it corresponded with the marks in every particular, and also with the marks on the boxes, they all corresponded with it.

Baker's Defence. I was coming by the premises, saw a great crowd, and went to inquire what was the matter; I heard a cry, "They are on the roof;" I went up by the new buildings, and was taken into custody; I was not taken on the roof of the premises which were robbed, neither was I seen on that roof.

BAKER—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(




William Pidding, a fancy cabinet-maker, deposed to having employed Britton for the last eleven months, after the expiration of his sentence of transportation, during which time he stated that he bore a good character; but Mrs. Hokley stated her belief that this witness was one of the parties who she saw at the prosecutor's house.)
