



493. 




WILLIAM WEBB, alias
 Philip Levy




, feloniously stabbing 



Alfred Buckler upon his neck and left arm, with intent to murder. 2nd COUNT., with intent to do grievous bodily harm.


MR. PAYNE. conducted the Prosecution,





ALFRED BUCKLER
. I live at Mr. Hollick's, a draper, in High Street, Poplar, as an assistant. On 5th March, I was at the Poplar station of the Blackwall Railway—it was half past 8 o'clock when I took my ticket there—I was going to the Hampstead Road—I had to change carriages at Stepney, and got into a second class carriage on the North London line; that was about 20 minutes past 8 o'clock—there were several passengers in the carriage, but all of them got out at the Camden Town station, and left me alone—as the train was about to start from the Camden Town station, I observed the prisoner look in at the window of the carriage—he opened the door, and got in—I was sitting in the corner; he seated himself on the opposite seat, about the middle of it—he was quite a stranger to me—he asked me what was the next station—I told him Hampstead Road—he said, "That's right"—he then moved up the seat opposite to me—he said, "It is about half past 8 o'clock, is it not? what is the time?"—I took out my watch, and said it was 25 minutes past 8, all but a minute—I then put my watch into my pocket again, and turned my head to look out of the window—I then felt a violent blow strike me in the neck; I sprang to my feet—I then felt myself struck in the arm in the same manner—I grappled with the prisoner, and he nearly overpowered me, when I saw a knife in his

left hand—we were then in the middle of the seat, where he sat when he first got into the carriage—I caught at the blade of the knife with my right hand—it was a sticking knife, not a clasped knife—this is it (produced)—I caught his neck and wrist with my left hand, and pushed him up into the corner—he struck me with the right hand, but the knife was in his left when I held it—I pushed him up into the corner, and called out "Murder!" several times—the train was in motion all this time—I did not lose my hold of the knife at all until the train stopped—the injuries inflicted upon me were inflicted before I got hold of the knife—while I was holding the knife an attempt was made to draw it through my hand, I felt it cut deeper; I had only hold of it by the blade, nothing else—while I was struggling with him for the knife, I pushed his arm against the back of the seat, to prevent him from pulling it through my hand—he struggled and tried to get away, but I squeezed his throat—the speed of the train was slackening at this time, and was nearly stopping—I again called out "Murder!" several times—I ascertained that I was wounded directly I caught the knife; I felt that I was bleeding from my neck and arm—immediately the train stopped the carriage door was opened by a guard or porter, and I said, "Take this man, he has stabbed me"—I still held him—he dropped the handle of the knife immediately the door was opened, and said, "The knife is not mine; this gentleman tried to stab me, and in self defence I stabbed him"—I did not observe whether he was wounded in any way—I gave the knife to the porter by the handle; it was not my knife; I had a small clasped knife—I did not use it in any way—I did not take it out of my pocket—I did not make any attack upon the prisoner before I was stabbed—the blade of the knife is not so sharp lower down where I held it, or it would have cut my hand through—I was taken into the office of the station, and a surgeon attended me directly—I was sent home by a special train, and have been attended several times since by two surgeons.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. How long have you been in Mr. Hollick's employment? A. Nine months—I was going to the Colosseum that evening, to meet a friend—I live at my employer's house at Poplar—I left there about 20 minutes to 8 o'clock—I had dined, and had my tea—I went straight from my employer's to the railway—I had not been to any other house—I had not had anything to drink—I think there were four compartments to the carriage I was in, open one to the other—there was no one in any of the four compartments at the time this happened—I had put my watch back into my pocket—I had not accidentally trodden on the prisoner's toe, or he on mine; nothing of the kind—I said nothing to him angrily; we had no words besides the time and the next station.

COURT. Q. How was it that you say you caught his wrist and left hand? A. I had his wrist in this manner (pressed against his throat), and my finger nail and thumb nail against his throat—I pressed his wrist against his throat—about two minutes elapsed from the time I was first struck on the neck till the train stopped—no conversation occurred as to how far we were from the station, merely the name of the station—the train had not begun to slacken speed when I was first struck; we had only just left the station when he asked me the question—my clothes are here which I had on at the time.





WILLIAM SANDFORD
. I am a porter on the North London Railway. On 5th March I was on duty at the Hampstead Road station when the train came in, about 20 minutes past 8 o'clock—I was standing against the signal post, watching for its arrival—while standing there I heard cries of

"Murder!" and "Help!" from one of the carriages—I jumped across the buffers of the carriages, and made my way to the carriage as quickly as possible—I saw the prosecutor and prisoner inside, they both appeared as if they were in a struggle—I saw the knife; the prisoner had hold of the handle, aud the prosecutor had hold of the blade—the prosecutor said to me, "For God's sake, porter, this man has been trying to murder me, take the knife"—as soon as he spoke that, the prisoner let go his grasp of the handle, and the prosecutor handed me the knife by the handle, holding it by the blade; it was dripping with blood at the time I took it—the station master led the prosecutor from the carriage into the secretary's room—I saw blood oozing over the top of his neck cloth; he seemed to be quite in a fainting state—I secured the prisoner till one of the other servants went outside and found a policeman—there was no one but the prisoner and prosecutor in either of the compartments of that carriage—when I took hold of the prisoner, he said, "Oh! the knife don't belong to me, it belongs to that gentleman; he tried to stab me, and I took it away from him, and stabbed him instead"—the prosecutor said, "That is false"—I gave the knife to the policeman.





JAMES WEBB
. (Police sergeant, 516). On the night of 5th March I was at the police station in Albany-street; the prisoner was brought there about a quarter past 9 o'clock—I asked him his name—he said, "William Webb"—I asked where he lived—he said, "I sha'n't tell you"—he said he did not wish his parents to know that he was in trouble—I asked him hid occupation—he said a sailor—he said that the gentleman attempted to stab him, and that he took the knife from him, and stabbed him instead—I took the prisoner back to the railway station in Hampstead Road, and there found the prosecutor in the secretary's office—when he saw the prisoner, he said he was the man that had stabbed him, and he related the circumstances as he has done to-day—after I returned to the station, I noticed that the prisoner's hands were covered with blood, and also blood on his face—I did not observe any wounds on his hands and face corresponding with the blood—on my noticing the blood, the prisoner said, "It is blood; the gentleman attempted to stab me, and in endeavouring to take the knife from him, I cut my hand"—he then pointed to a slight wound on the middle finger of the left hand, and also to a scratch on the lower part of the thumb of the left hand—I said, "These wounds have never bled"—he made no reply to that—there were no signs whatever on the prisoner of his having been wounded with the knife—on searching him I found one duplicate, a few lucifer matches, a halfpenny, and two or three buttons—I found no railway ticket, and no money but the halfpenny—the knife is quite new, and never appears to have been used—it is called a butcher's trimming knife.





STEPHEN HALFORD
. I am a surgeon, at Haverstock Hill, Hampstead, near the Hampstead Road station. On 5th March, between 8 and 9 o'clock in the evening, I was called to attend to the prosecutor—he was sitting in a chair, quite faint, his clothes much stained with blood, and a handkerchief tied round his neck was also saturated with blood—on removing the handkerchief I found a wound on the left side of the neck, about two inches from the ear—it was about an inch in length, and about the same depth; the edges were smooth, so that it was made by a sharp instrument—it was about the width of this knife; it was a stab apparently made by the point of the knife—it went certainly within half an inch of the carotid artery, and I should think the end of the wound must have been much nearer, as it inclined forward—it was a very dangerous wound—on taking

off his clothes I found a wound on the outer side of the left arm, about the same size, but twice as deep; it was quite two inches deep; that was also made by stabbing, and it inclined upwards also—there was a bruise at the right side of the back of the neck; that was altogether distinct from the wound—there were some scratches over the right eyebrow, and the right side of the chin—there were two slight cuts on his right hand, scarcely through the skin, between the forefinger and thumb—it would have required a good deal of violence to cause the wound in the neck, to get the knife in the depth that it went; the wound in the arm must have been given with even more force, it was deeper.





ALFRED BUCKLER
. re-examined. I had on a great coat and a light under coat, and a great coat, belonging to a friend, over my arm—I had a silk scarf round my neck four times doubled, and my collar—the cut was through that—I have my scarf here (producing it)—this is where it was cut with the first blow—this (produced) is the coat I had on; here was the blow in the arm, and there was another directly under the arm; that did not touch me; and there were three stabs in the back of the collar, which did not touch my body—the coat protected and saved my body from those four stabs; it is thickly wadded under the arm, which was the cause of its not touching me.





DAVID MYERS
. I am a butcher, in Middlesex Street, Whitechapel. The prisoner was in my service as a butcher; his name is Philip Levy; he was not in the habit of killing cattle, he was only a lad to take out the meat.

Cross-examined. Q. Was he addicted to intemperance, or anything of that kind? A. Not at all, that I know of—he was a well behaved lad while in my service—I always thought him a kind, humane lad.

JURY. Q. Was he in your service at this time? A. No, he had left me seven months when this occurred.




GUILTY
. on the 2nd Count. Aged 18.—


Transported for Life.

