




410. 




ROBERT WILSON, alias

Friend Steadman
, and 



THOMAS EVANS



, stealing 1 gelding, value 8l.; the property of 




James Evans.


MR. O'BRIEN
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES EVANS
. I live at Carnarvon. I buy and sell beasts—I had a bay gelding—I came to Horsham on 16th Nov.; I stopped there over Sunday—on the 17th I went to feed the beasts in the field, about five o'clock in the evening; at seven the next morning I went to feed them again, and I missed the gelding—I got a description of it inserted in the Police Gazette—on 12th Dec. I saw it again at the Castle Inn, in the Old Kent-road, in the possession of the ostler—it was the same that I had lost, but it had been altered; they had cut its tail since I lost it.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. How long had it been in your possession? A. Three months—I had been riding it about the country—it was a bay gelding—I do not know Town-Mailing; I have never been there.






ROBERT BATTING
. On 17th Nov. I recollect some beasts being brought to my father's place, at Horsham, by Mr. Evans—there was amongst them a hay gelding that was in my father's field on the night of the 17th—I saw it a little before five o'clock, and the next morning I did not see it—I saw it again at the Castle, in the Old Kent-road—it was the same that was at my father's farm—it had a cut on the off hind-foot; I had noticed that on 16th Nov., and I noticed it when I saw it at the Castle.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON
Q. Do you know Town Mailing? A. No; I do not know when they hold Town-Mailing fair—Mr. Evans brought three or four horses with him—there were seventy beasts in all.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Had you seen this horse before 16th Nov.? A. No; I cannot swear to all the beasts, nor to all the horses; but as this one was lame, I noticed it.





ROBERT MELVILLE
 (policeman, P 73). In consequence of an advertisement in the Police Gazette, describing a bay gelding, I went on 10th Dec. to the Castle—I saw Thomas, the ostler, and was shown the gelding—I wrote to Green, the constable, and he sent to Mr. Evans—I took the prisoner Wilson; I told him he was charged with stealing a bay gelding from Horsham, which he left at the Castle—he said, "I know nothing of it."

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON
Q. (reading from the Police Gazette: "Stolen or strayed from a field at Horsham, a bay gelding.") This is what you read? A. Yes; I saw Wilson in the Compter; I told him he was charged with stealing a gelding, at Horsham, the property of Mr. Evans, on 17th or 18th Nov., which same horse he had brought to the Castle, in the Old Kent-road, where it then was.





GEORGE HYDE
 (City-policeman, 516). I apprehended Wilson on 22nd Nov., but not on this charge—he had a cart, and a little bay mare—there was a man with him; I cannot swear that it was Evans, but it is my belief that it was him—he made his escape—the cart and mare were taken to the Green-yard, and from there to Dixon's Repository, and sold—before the mare was sold, Evans claimed it as his property—it was not given to him, but sold by order of the Sheriff.





GEORGE QUINNEAR
 (police-sergeant, P 1). I apprehended Evans on 5th Dec, on another charge; and I said to him, "You are also charged with stealing a horse from Horsham, in Sussex, the property of Mr. Evans; he said, "Horse-stealing!" and seemed very much excited, and made no reply—I said, "I am informed that this horse you have left in charge of the ostler, at the Castle, in the Old Kent-road;" he made no reply.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Did you give evidence before the Magistrate? A. No, not respecting this charge—the other charge was ignored—I had stated that case—this case was named to the Magistrate, but he did not go into it—the prisoner has never till to-day heard this evidence about stealing the horse.





JOHN THOMAS
. I am ostler at the Castle, in the Old Kent-road. ON 18th Nov., between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner Steadman—I had known him six or seven years—he brought a horse to the trough, and asked me if I could take it in for the night—I I said yes I could, if he would ride him round to the yard; be did so—he

told me he had brought it from Town-Mailing—there was no bridle or saddle on the horse; but a halter on his head, and a halter round his body, with a sack, and some straw—the horse appeared very wet, as if it bad been ridden hard—next morning Steadman came, and saw the horse—on the 21st he came again with two other persons; and Evans took away the horse, and Steadman paid me 4s.—on the 22nd Evans came into the tap-room, and told me he had brought Steadman's horse back, and I was to take it in—I found the horse tied to the paling, and I took it in—I saw Milton again on the 25th; he came and looked at the horse, and said Friend Steadman was taken into custody about some fat, and as soon as the thing had blown over, he would come and pay me my expenses—I did not see either of the prisoners again till they were in custody—I was at the Castle when Mr. Evans saw the horse—it was the same that was brought to me by Steadman.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. What day was 18th Nov.? A. Monday—I have been to Town-Mailing—I do not know whether there is a fair there on 18th Nov.—it is about thirty miles from London—the horse looked as if it had been ridden pretty sharp—Steadman used to deal in horses.

Cross-examined. Q. Did Steadman say be was going to sell this horse? A. He did not say that—he asked me to take it in—Milton and another person came to look at it—some other persons came, but I did not hear what they said—Milton lives in Sun-street.

MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Have you seen Wilson in possession of any horses? A. Yes; five or six years ago.

Witnesses for the Defence.






JOHN THOMPSON
. I know Steadman—I was at Town-Mailing in Nov.—the fair comes on, on 17th Nov., but that was on Sunday, and it was held on the Monday—I was walking down the fair, and saw Steadman bargaining about a pony—he was talking to a man in a round grey frock—I heard Steadman bid him money for the horse; it was a bay pony about thirteen bands high, white heeled, and the off-heel behind had a cut in it—they struck hands, the man let Steadman have it—I followed them to a public-house—they might not know that I was following them—Stead-man put his hand in his pocket, pulled out a note and gave it the man, with two sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, and five shillings—whether the note was a 5l. or 10l. I cannot tell—they had a pot of ale, and I had one glass of it—the seller paid for the ale out of the money he took—they came out together, and Steadman got on the pony's back and rode it as if coming towards London—I have known him fifteen or sixteen years.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. What are you? A. A traveller—I got to Town-Mailing about ten o'clock that morning—I did not take anything to the fair, or bring anything from it—I remained in the fair till about half-past four o'clock in the evening—I came back to the Bull at Lucomb—I did not go to the Castle, I did not see the horse there—I saw about forty horses sold at the fair, or more I may say—I always examine horses to see if they have cracked heels—I do not examine every horse, not unless I have something to do with it—I cannot say how many I examined that day—it might be eight or nine, or half a score—if I do not get a job to take home a horse, I may buy one myself—I live in Stockwell-street, New Cross, at the back of the new Elephant and Castle

—I went to my aunt's on the Tuesday, and came home on the Wednesday evening—I had been at Kingston fair on the 13th; I did not buy anything there—I brought a horse home for a person—I had not seen Steadman for five or six months before—this horse was sold in the morning—I did not get there till past ten—I had only just got in the fair when I saw Steadman, and I never left him till I saw the money pass—he did not know that I was following him—I did not take up the horse's fetlock; I could see the cut without taking it up—I did not hear that this horse was stolen—I had left my own home on the Saturday morning—I went to Dartford and stopped all night—I went to the Bull, at Lucomb, and then walked the next day to Town-Mailing—I know Horsham—I have not been there the last four or five years—I do not know how far that is from Town-Mailing—I cannot tell whether it is thirty or forty miles—I did not say anything to Steadman—I followed him into the public-house, and be said, "Here is a glass of ale for you"—I saw forty horses sold; I did not follow every one—I follow persons that I know into public-houses when they buy horses—I followed about five persons that day—I saw no one with Steadman, only the man that took the money for the horse—that fair is for the sale of farming colts in general.

MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. It is a fair for colts? A. Yes; this was not a colt, but it appeared to be a job that I might get a shilling by—I have been in this business ever since I wan ten years old—I was born in 1805.





ALFRED SYLVESTER
. I live at Bromley-common. I was at Town-Mailing fair on 18th Nov.; I saw a bay cob pony in the fair—it was for sale, and the off-fetlock had a crack in it—I asked the man the price of it—it was a man with a round frock on—I offered to change with. him with one that I had.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Did you see it again? A. I saw it as I came home from the fair by the Cock, at Kingadown; I believe the prisoner had it—I did not know him—I had never seen him till I saw him at Kingston fair, which was a few days before Town-Mailing fair—I do not know the day of the month—it might be pretty close on a fortnight before Town-Mailing fair;—there I saw the prisoner—I do not know John Thompson; I should not like to swear that I had seen him before to-day—I was not doing anything with Steadman at Kingston, only he came to try to buy a horse of my master, Mr. Robert Adams—I went to the fair with horses—I have spoken to Thompson outside here this morning—I did not understand you before—I saw him at Town-Mailing fair—he was running a horse up and down—that was about nine o'clock, or it might be a little after—I saw the pony a little afterwards—I cannot say how many horses were there; they keep them in different places—I did not examine any other pony's fetlock that day—I examined this one about a quarter-past nine, when I went to take a pony to be shod, and I saw this pony standing by the forge—a man with a round frock on had it—I never saw the prisoner till I saw him at Kingsdown riding the pony—that was close on two o'clock—he was coming by the same way that I was—he was riding it on its bare back—I did not take anything—I had two horses and a pony and cart.

MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. You saw Thompson about nine o'clock? A. Yes, it might have been later; I do not carry a watch.






ROBERT MELVILLE

re-examined. I produce a certificate of the former conviction of Friend Steadman, at Kingston-on-Thames—(read—Convicted March, 1850, and confined six months)—I was present—Wilson is the person.

WILSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 32—


Transported for Ten Years.


EVANS—


NOT GUILTY
.
