




737. 




NATHAN WOOLF, alias
 Nathan Woolf Jacobson

, and the said 




THOMAS LAWRENCE
, were indicted for

burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



Leopold Redpath, and stealing 1 vase, value 20l.; his goods.—2nd COUNT, receiving the same.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






FREDERICK SHAW
 (police inspector). On the 5th June I was watching the Royal Oak beer shop, kept by Lawrence, in Chenies-street—about half past 10 o'clock in the morning I saw Jacobson come there—I knew him before—he could not see me, I was in a house—Jacobson staid in the Royal Oak about five minutes, then he and Lawrence came out together—they proceeded to a place near there, called North-street mews—I followed them—Lawrence has a stable there, and they both went into it together, and were in there from ten minutes to a quarter of an hour—they then came out, and Jacobson was carrying a bundle under his arm, tied up in a handkerchief, which I now produce—it contained this vase and stand—(neither of the prisoners had anything when they went into the stable)—when they came out, they went into North-street, and both went into a public house—they remained in there about two minutes—they came out together, and had a conversation for two or three minutes—they then separated, and I followed Jacobson, who had the parcel—I stopped him in Mortimer-street, which is in a line with Goodge-street—I told him I was a police officer, and asked him what he had got—he said, "A vase"—I asked him where he got it from—he said he had bought it—I asked him when—he said, "This morning"—I asked him the name of the person of whom he bought it—he made no reply—I asked him where the person lived of whom he bought it—he made no reply—I asked him what the person was of whom he bought it, and he said that he knew him very well, and he believed him to be a respectable man—I then asked him his name, and he said his name was Woolf—at this time I was joined by the officer Smith—the prisoner then said his name was Jacobson, and that my brother officer knew him—he said his name was Woolf, and he lived at 16, Tottenham-court-road—I asked him if he had any other place of business except in Tottenham-court-road—he said, "No"—I have since discovered another place of business that he has, at 315 Oxford-street—he there has the name of Woolf over the door, and at Tottenham-court-road the name of Jacobson—he is there a refiner and watch maker, and at Oxford-street a watch maker and jeweller.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know that his mother was married a second time to a person named Woolf? A. No; I am not aware whether "N.W. Jacobson" is over his door—I believe it is only "Jacobson"—this vase was covered with these unfinished drawers—we found thirty pairs of them in Lawrence's stable—there are no bands to any of there.





WILLIAM SMITH
. I knew the prisoner Jacobson by that name for about eighteen months—I know he has a shop in Tottenham-court-road—the name over the door is "Jacobson, watch and clock, and chronometer maker"—I do not know of his keeping a shop in Oxford-street.

Cross-examined. Q. Is there not "N.W. Jacobson" over the door? A. I could not swear that—I believe he had some respectable customers—I was one about eighteen months ago, I bought a guard chain of him.






LEOPOLD REDPATH
. I reside at Park-mews West, Regent's-park. This vase is my property—it is worth 20l.—it was lost from my house on the night of 31st May or the morning of 1st June—my servant called me between 2 and 3 o'clock that morning—I found the house had been entered, and I missed this vase—I presume it was safe the night before, but I did not come home till late, and I did not go into the drawing room.





ELIZABETH RICHARDS
. I am housemaid to Mr. Redpath. I remember the night his house was broken into—I had made the house safe between 9 and 10 o'clock the night before—the family retired early that night, between 9 and 10—between 2 and half past 2 in the morning I was aroused, I found the drawing room window open, and this vase was gone.
(George Steele, of Woodstock-street; Samuel Pritchard, a watch springer; Wolf Harris, a tailor; Charles Davies; Charles Richie, a jeweller; and William Brown, a portmanteau maker, gave Jacobson a good character: and John Green; William Lawrence, a carpenter; and Mr. Norman, a publican, his former master, gave Lawrence a good character.)

JACOBSON—



GUILTY
of Receiving.
 Aged 25.

LAWRENCE—



GUILTY
of Receiving.
 Aged 23.





Transported for Ten Years.

(There were several other charges against the prisoners; and a gentleman in Court stated that he had lost his watch on 26th May, and that it was found in possession of Lawrence.)

Before Russell Gurney, Esq.

