




1310. 




HUGH ROBERT MACKLIN
 and 




HENRY OSBORNE



, stealing 1 gold negligee, and 2 spoons, value 24l.; the goods of 



Edward John Tilt, in his dwelling-house.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






DR. EDWARD JOHN TILT
. I reside in York-street, Portman-square, in the parish of Marylebone. Mary Macklin was in my service—I knew she had a brother, but I never knew of his coming to my house—I had these boxes, and I found they were broken open—as to being reduced in my circumstances, the statement is completely erroneous—I was obliged to leave my former residence; and if I sold my carriage and horses, it was because I found it more convenient to job—my business has increased.





WILLIAM NEWCOMB
. I am assistant to Mr. Martin, of Snow-hill, a pawn-broker. Mrs. Paul came to our shop on 30th May, with these two gravy-spoons—I should have advanced her 15s. on them—she then produced this negligee-chain; and in consequence of the amount she asked on it, I spoke to my master—from the value of the property, I thought it was not hers—I told her I should retain the chain, and she went away—shortly afterwards, about a quarter before two o'clock, the prisoner Macklin came—he said, "There has been some property stopped which was brought by Mrs. Paul"—I said, "Yes," and I asked him who he was—he said his name was Macklin, and this property was entrusted to him by Mrs. Paul's sister, to get an advance on it—I said, "Who is she?"—he said she was the wife of a lawyer, Mr. Chapman; his office was at 96, Gray's-inn-lane, and his residence was 47, London-road; and his own residence was 40, Edward-street, King's-cross—I fetched an officer, and he was given into custody.





LEONARD MULLINEUX
 (City policeman., 293) I took Macklin—I went to Gray's-inn-lane and London-road, and found no such person as Mr. Chapman known there—I found on Macklin a pair of ladies' gloves, and a pawnbroker's ticket for a gown—I have ascertained that the value of this negligee is twenty guineas—it is Indian manufacture—on 4th June the prisoner Osborne came to Guildhall, and made a statement before Mr. Alderman Challis, which was taken down.





MARY MACKLIN
. I was in the service of Dr. Tilt. The prisoner Macklin is my brother—this negligee chain was in the box, at Dr. Tilt's, in which the linen was that the cook and I took out—I do not know who took this chain out—it was taken out in York-street—the cook was not there—I did not take it out—I did not see it taken out—I did not see it again till it was at Guildhall—when it was produced to me, I said it was a chain that was in the box—I had seen it in the box at the time we opened it—I know these spoons—I saw them taken out of the box—I believe they were taken out by my brother—Osborne was present in the kitchen—they were both standing together—it is a very small kitchen—I should think Osborne was half a yard from the box—he could see what the other prisoner was doing—the chain was not visible then—the chain and the spoons were taken together—I saw the spoons taken, but not the chain—the chain was still in the box when the spoons had been taken—I never heard my brother say anything about the gold chain—this was about 30th May—they were taken out the same day that my brother was taken prisoner.

COURT. Q. Was no observation made upon the gold chain when they were taking the spoons? A. No, not a sentence passed—it was about eleven o'clock in the morning—there was no one present but the two prisoners and me—I know Mrs. Paul; she is an acquaintance of my brother's.


Cross-examined by
MR. BIRNIE. Q. You saw the spoons taken? A. Yes—I saw my brother take them out, but I did not see him take the chain—if I have stated that I did, it is incorrect—Osborne came into the service on the 21st, and I went on the 19th—I think I am in the family way—Osborne is the father of my child—I have never said to any one that I would do everything in my power to get Osborne off—my brother was not present when we opened the first box; he was when we opened the last, he raised the four nails—my brother took the things to Mrs. Paul's—Osborne went with him—I was in the kitchen—my brother could easily take out this chain unknown to me—I was not standing by him, I was making my master's shirts—I was not assisting to break open the box—I did not touch the box.





SUSANNAH PAUL
. I am married. I know the prisoner Macklin by his being acquainted with my husband—on 30th May, he came into my place, about five minutes past one o'clock—he asked me if I could go on an errand for him to pawn these things—I said I did not altogether like going—he said I should do him a great service that he was sent by a person who went by the name of Chapman, but her proper name is Hammond—he asked me to go to Martin's, and to ask 15s. on the spoons—he said they had been in pawn before for 16s., and to get as much as I could on the chain—he said he did not know whether it was gold or no—he asked me to go, because I was known at Martin's—he said I might as well go, and said the chain belonged to Mrs. Chapman—he was alone—there was no one there but me and my little child—he did not come with anybody—he never brought a soul into my place—I left him in charge of my little child while I went to the pawnbroker's—some demur was made, and I went and fetched Macklin—I told him I though they suspected something was wrong—he came at once, and I followed him with my little child.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen this Mrs. Chapman? A. Yes; Hammond, I believe, is her proper name—I hope I am a respectable married woman—my lawful husband's name is John Paul.

Q. Not Collins? A. Yes, John Collins; I beg your pardon—I have been separated from him better than four years.

COURT. Q. Why do you go by the name of Paul? A. Because I have been living with John Paul these four years; he is not my husband—my husband is living with another woman.





GEORGE WARDLE
 (City-policeman, 221). I went to Dr. Tilt's, and examined the boxes—I found they had been broken open, and their contents were in a disorderly state—I saw Mary Macklin there, and she made a statement to me.





LEONARD MULLINEUX

re-examined. Osborne was not in custody when he made the statement—he said Dr. Tilt had sent him to a situation—I will not be positive whether he was sworn or not.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Did you hear him sworn? A. No, I did not—I was there when he was giving his statement, not when he came into Court—he was standing in front of the dock—it is a place kept perfectly open—I was not there all the time—Mr. Wood took down what he said.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. What did he say? A. That Dr. Tilt had recommended him a situation down at Bayswater, and when he was going he picked up a brown paper parcel, and found in it the two spoons, and the negligee✗ and kept them in his possession above a fortnight, and as he did not find any owner, he gave them to Macklin to pawn—Alderman Challis remanded him till the next hearing—he was to find two sureties, and not finding them, he was locked up ever since.


DR. TILT
re-examined. Osborne left me about two months before May—I had given him a recommendation. (Osborne received a good character.)

MACKLIN


OSBORNE





GUILTY
.
Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Aged 22.—



Confined Nine Months.


There was another indictment against Macklin, on which no evidence was offered.

