




1451. 




WILLIAM BENNETT
 and




WILLIAM LEWIS



, stealing one plane, value 20s.; the goods of 



James Gibbon Davy: both having been before convicted.






JAMES GIBBON DAVY
. I am a carpenter, and have a stable in Barnsburymews, where I keep tools. This plough plane(produced) was safe there on Wednesday, 24th July—I did not miss it till the policeman brought it me on the following Monday—when I am away I lock the door outside—I go away to dinner and leave it locked.





THOMAS GOODERHAM
 (policeman, N 433). On 25th July, I was on duty in Barnsbury-mews, and about half-past twelve o'clock saw the prisoners and two others go down the mews—they were there ten minutes, and then came back again—I followed them some distance, and lost sight of them—I did not see them again till they were in custody—I knew them before.

Bennett. Q. Did you not say to me, "I wish I had seen you, I would have followed you; I told you I would have you?"A. No.





EDWARD BARBER
 (policeman, N 9). On 25th July, about ten minutes to one o'clock, I was in Church-street, Islington, and saw the prisoners, and two others going towards the Lower-road, in a direction from Barnsbury-mews—Bennett had something under his arm, wrapped up in two old handerchiefs, and Lewis appeared to have something under his coat—I caught Bennett, and asked him what he had there, he said, "Nothing"—I took this plane from under his arm—I asked where he got it, he refused to give any answer—I knew him before—I took him to the station—the other three ran away—at the police-court he said he bought the plane of a man of the name of White, and gave 1s. 6d. for it.





GEORGE COLLINS
 (policeman, N 59). I took Lewis on 1st August, and told him he was charged with stealing in company with Bennett—he said he knew nothing about it—he afterwards said his father could prove he was at home—he afterwards said, "Why did you not take the others, they are all in it, they are now down in Ramley's estate."

Bennett's Defence. I bought it of a man for 1s. 6d. who said he was very hard-up.






THOMAS WITHERS
 (policeman, N 211). I produce a certificate of Bennett's former conviction—(read—William Bennett, convicted on his own confession, February, 1846—Confined one month)—I was present—Bennett is the person.





WILLIAM HARRIS
 (policeman, N 112). I produce a certificate of Lewis's former conviction—(read—Charles Wood, convicted June, 1849, having been before convicted—Confined one year)—Lewis is the person—I was present at both trials.

BENNETT—


GUILTY.** Aged 17.

LEWIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.





Transported for Seven Years.






EDWARD BARBER
 (policeman, N 9), stated that Bennett had been in custody ten times

