



677. 




JAMES BANNISTER



, stealing 1 watch, value 3l.; the goods of 



Edward Pattinson, from his person.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






EDWARD PATTINSON
. I am clerk to Depree and Austin, solicitors, of Lawrence-lane; I was clerk to the late Recorder. On Sunday night, 22nd May, I was at the foot of Holborn-hill, trying to put two little girls into one of the penny omnibuses, by the City Arms public house—there was a great crowd—I heard something crack at my left side, put my hand down, and touched the prisoner's hand, which was near my waistcoat pocket, where my watch was—I laid hold of his coat, and called "Police!"—I missed my watch—I did not lose sight of the prisoner—I am certain he is the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. LILLEY. Q. Had two omnibuses come up, which were full? A. Yes; and persons who were waiting rushed up to the next before those who were in it had alighted—the prisoner was at my side, and others were at my back—I do not remember that I had looked at the watch since 9 o'clock, but I know I had it, because I saw the prisoner look at me and nod, in Victoria-street, five or six minutes before, and I put my hand to my watch, thinking that very strange—I found it was all right—I had never seen the prisoner before, but have no doubt of his being the man.





WILLIAM HENRY WORRALL
. I am clerk to Mr. Cook, the barrister. I was with Pattinson, waiting to put two young ladies into an omnibus, and saw the prisoner there in the crowd—I afterwards saw that Pattinson had hold of his hand—he held him by the coat collar till a policeman came—I saw the prisoner's hand outside Pattinson's pocket.

Cross-examined. Q. Was he not trying to get into the omnibus like other people? A. He was in the crowd.





JOHN WILLIAM HEX
. I take the skids from the omnibuses at the foot of Holborn-hill, and have done so for twenty years—I found a watch on this evening at the corner of Farringdon-street, outside the door of the City Arms, about half a yard from the kerb.





CHARLES JONAS WRENCH
 (City policeman, 211). On this Sunday night I heard a cry of "Police!" at the corner of Victoria-street, and found the prisoner in charge—I took him—this watch (produced) was afterwards brought to the station by a man.

Cross-examined. Q. How long after you bad taken the prisoner to the station was the watch brought? A. Ten minutes or a quarter of an hour afterwards.





EDWARD PATTINSON

re-examined. This is the watch I lost.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know it? A. Here is the bill of it, containing the maker's name, and the number of it—I was about a yard from the kerb-stone when I lost it—it was fastened with a chain round my neck.




GUILTY
.

The prisoner was further charged with having been before convicted.






BENJAMIN ADAMS
 (City policeman, 214). I produce a certificate (read:"Central Criminal Court. James Hayes, convicted April, 1848, of stealing money from the person. 
Confined Three Months")—I was present—the prisoner is the person.

GUILTY.** Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

