






835. 




RICHARD NEWMAN,



 JANE PHILLIPS,



 BENJAMIN GARDNER
, and 




CHARLES MORRIS



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Cox, and stealing 4 pairs of. shoes, and 2 boots, value 3l. 13s., his goods; Gardner having been before convicted.






WILLIAM COX
. I reside at 6, Field's-terrace, King's-cross, in St. Pancras' parish; I rent the shop and back parlour, and sleep there; the master of the house does not live there. On Thursday night, 5th April, I went to bed about half-past ten o'clock—the shop was then safe—about one in the morning, I was called by the police, found the shutters down, and a large piece taken out of a square of glass—I missed five boots, and four pairs of shoes, which were safe in the window when I went to bed—the hole in the window was big enough to get a hand through, but not a person's body—these are the boots(produced)—they are my property.





WILLIAM HARRIS
 (policeman, N 112). On Thursday night, about half-past

twelve o'clock, I saw Mr. Cox's window-shutters down, and stuck on end against another door—a square was broken, and this piece of paper lay inside the window—(this had been stuck to the glass)—I had seen Newman and Phillips about twenty minutes before twelve, on the side opposite the shop, and Gardner and Morris on the same side as the shop, about forty yards from it—I know them well—after I had seen Mr. Cox, I went with two other constables to where they live—I knocked at the door, and heard a rumbling inside the parlour—a door opened in the passage, and some one went along the passage—I knocked some time very loudly—a person up-stairs then looked out of the window, came down, opened the door, and I went in and met Morris in the passage coming in a direction from the back—I left him in the custody of another constable, went to the back, and found five shoes, and three pairs of boots(produced)thrown down the cesspool—I then went into the front-room, and found Phillips and Newman in bed, and Gardner sitting in a chair—I found this shoe, which is the fellow to one I found in the water-closet, close to Gardner—I asked them where they got the boots and shoes from—Newman and Phillips said they had been in bed since eleven, and knew nothing about it—I examined a piece of glass which I found, with the window, and it corresponded—the paper was on it.





JOHN BLAKE
. I live at 3, Paradise-street, Gray's-inn-road. On the Thursday night, about half-past twelve o'clock, the police called me; and as I was going down stairs, Morris passed me, going towards the back yard, where the water-closet is—he returned to the back parlour, and then went again—one of the prisoners said, "For God's sake, don't open the door"—I said, "I will"—I did so, and let in three policemen.





WILLIAM COX

re-examined.This single shoe is mine, and matches one of the others.

Newman's Defence.I went to bed at half-past eleven o'clock, and left the street and room door unlocked.
(Phillips put in a written defence, stating that she had been in bed three-quarters of an hour, when she heard some one come in and go through the house)

Morris's Defence.The door has a string to it, and any one can open it; I heard some one come in and run through the passage; I went to see who it was, and as I came back, the policemen met me in the passage.





HENRY EDWARDS
 (policeman S 148). I produce a certificate—(read—Benjamin Gardner, convicted May, 1848, and confined three months)—I was present—Gardner is the person

NEWMAN*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

PHILLIPS*—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

MORRIS*—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.






Transported for Seven Years
.

GARDNER**—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years
.
