



1551. 




FREDERICK FARDELL



, stealing 1 watch, value 2l.; the goods of 



George Smeaton Budden, from his person. (See page 273.)





GEORGE SMEATON BUDDEN
. On 24th June, I saw a crowd at the corner of Gibson-street, Lambeth, about a quarter-past 11 o'clock at night—I went to see what it was—it was a man in a fit—I had not been standing there more than two or three minutes when I felt a twitch at my left-hand waistcoat pocket, in which I had a silver watch—I looked down and saw the prisoner's hand coming away from my waistcoat pocket, and my guard hanging down my person—the guard had been round my neck, and in my pocket—it was still round my neck, but not in my pocket—I caught hold of the prisoner's hand, and told him he had stolen my watch—he said I must be a very wicked man for saying so—I saw him put one of his hands at the back of him, and one hand up to his shoulder, and I saw a boy run from behind him—there was a policeman minding the man in the fit, and I gave him the prisoner in charge—I have, not seen my watch since—I went after the boy, but there were so many companions round him that I could not get him.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. I suppose there was a great crowd round the man in the fit? A. Yes; I saw the prisoner's hand come from

my pocket—there were not persons at the back of me—I saw the boy run from behind after the prisoner had got the watch—he might have been there before—I seized the prisoner immediately, and the policeman came immediately from the man in the fit—this is my silver guard chain—it was not broken; it was unscrewed when I found it—I had been in the crowd two or three minutes—I had not taken out my watch in the crowd—I felt it just before I went in—the prisoner was on my left side—the boy was standing behind him.





JANE M'KENZIE
. I am the wife of Robert M'Kenzie. I was in the crowd, in Gibson-street—I cannot say rightly that I saw the prisoner there—I do not know the prisoner—I saw somebody take the watch out of the pocket, and wrench it off—I saw the prosecutor catch hold of a man beside him—I cannot say that it was the same man who took the watch—I do not know who it was took the watch—this is my signature to this deposition.

Q. Did you say "I was standing in the crowd by the side of the last witness—I saw the prisoner take the watch out of his pocket, and the last witness collared him?" A. I saw some person take the watch.





MARY ARMSTRONG
. I am the wife of William Armstrong; he is a coppersmith. I did live in the same house with Mrs. M'Kenzie—I was in the crowd, and saw the prisoner at the bar take the watch out of the prosecutor's pocket—I never saw the prisoner before—I am quite sure he is the person—the prosecutor collared him—after the watch was taken from the prosecutor's pocket I saw it pass into the hand of a boy I believe, but I did not see his face—he was a short person—he appeared to me to be about sixteen—he stooped his head down, and ran out of the crowd.

Cross-examined. Q. Where do you live now? A. At Stratford, on this side West Ham—I have lived there one week—I lived before at No. 43, James-street, New Cut—I was in the crowd standing next to the prosecutor—Mrs. M'Kenzie cried out—I said I saw him take the watch—that was at the time the prosecutor had hold of him—I should say there were hard upon 200 persons in the crowd—Mrs. M'Kenzie was close to me, and had as good an opportunity of seeing as I had—I cannot say how the prisoner was dressed.

COURT. Q. Did you see the policeman come? A. Yes; the prosecutor gave the same man in charge that had taken his watch.





RICHARD JOURLE
 (policeman, L 163.) I was at that crowd where the man was in a fit—I heard the prosecutor call out—I went up, and found the prisoner in his custody—he had hold of his hand—I saw a boy run away—I made a grasp at him myself—I took the prisoner into custody—I afterwards found this ring of a watch at the spot where the prosecutor and the prisoner had stood.




GUILTY
.

The prisoner was further charged with having been before convicted; to which he pleaded


GUILTY.* Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years
.

Before Mr. Common Serjeant.
