






747. 




JOHN FEARY



, stealing 1 coat, 1 pocket-book, and 1 10l. banknote; the property of 



Thomas Gardner; and 





HENRY WILSON,



 JAMES WEBB
, and 




WILLIAM GRASTON



, feloniously receiving the same.


MR. BIRNIE
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS GARDNER
. I am a box-maker, and live at 5, Little Friday-street. On 13th March I returned from dinner to my warehouse between three and four o'clock—I took my coat off, and laid it on the left side of my desk—I went to my business, and did not go to my coat again till past eight—it was then gone—I had a pocket-book in it, which contained a 10l. bank-note; the number of it was 24846—I traced it to where it was taken from—I had received it about two, at my house in Friday-street, from a man named Thompson—I ascertained the number of it after I bad lost the coat.





GEORGE STROUD
. I am porter to Mr. Gardner. On 13th March, between three and four o'clock, Mr. Gardiner came and brought his coat, and laid it on the desk—the prisoner Feary came there about eight, and asked if his brother had done work—I said no, he would not be done for another hour—he stopped about five minutes and then left—I had seen the coat safe about eight, and missed it about twenty-five minutes after Feary had gone—that was about half-past eight—I did not see the other three prisoners—no one else came in.





JOHN WILLIAMS
. I am a butcher, and live at 8, Chapel-street. On 13th March I saw all the four prisoners at half-past eight or a quarter before nine o'clock in a house in King's Head-court, Shoreditch—Wilson brought in a coat—he took a pocket-book from the pocket of it—Webb took the pocket-book from him, and took some cards from it—Webb and Graston then had a little conversation—they laid the cards on the table, and I heard Webb tell Graston that he had found amongst the cards a 10l.-note—Webb

and Graston then went out—I do not know what became of the pocket-book—it was left in the kitchen—I went to the station and gave information—I afterwards assisted the officers to take Webb and Graston into custody.

Webb. Q. Had I been out when I said I had found a 10l.-note? A. No, you went afterwards—I saw some paper in your hand—yon laid the cards on the table—you were in-doors when Feary and Wilson came in—you were going to have tea, but you did not have it—there were several other persons there.





AMELIA BUCK
. I was in the kitchen of that house, and Wilson gave me a pocket-book, and told me to take care of it for him—I was busy, and laid it by the side of me—I was called into the front, and left the pocket-book on the table—when I returned it was gone.

Webb. Q. Had you not handed me my tea before that? A. Yes, you had had your tea.





ROBERT BADCOCK
 (City-policeman, 641). On the morning of 14th March, about half-past two o'clock, or a quarter to three, I saw the prisoners Webb and Grason in Bishopsgate-street, loitering about—I watched them—they went to No. 2, Montague-court, Bishopsgate-without—I sent to obtain assistance, and while I was standing at the door I heard Webb say, "I nailed the coat"—a quarrel then took place between the parties (there were a great number in the house) about the division of the money, and I heard Webb say "I have but 8l. left after what we spent, and you had your whack out of that"—some assistance then came, and we went into the house and apprehended Webb and Graston—they were taken to the H division station in Spital-square—Wilson there made a statement concerning the robbery, which was taken down by the sergeant—I then persevered in tracing the note—we were induced to believe that it was sold at the Blue Anchor, in Petticoat-lane, kept by Barnard Isaacs.

Webb. Q. Where were you when you heard me say I had only 8l. left? A. I was standing outside the house.





JOSEPH PRICE
 (police-sergeant, H 15). After the charge was made against the four prisoners, when they were about to be removed, Wilson said, "I wish to state something to you"—I said, "Understand the charge that is sow made against you; whatever you state now to me, I shall take down; it will be read before the Magistrate, and will be made use of against you"—I took it down; this is it—(reads—" About seven o'clock in the evening, on the 13th, the boy, a sailor, came to the lodging-house, No. 2, King's Head-court, and asked me to go with him to his brother, and when we went to the shop, I remained at the corner of the street; he stood on the steps inside the door; he asked if his brother had left off work, and some person said, 'No;' he then came shortly afterwards out, and ran towards me with a coat, and told me to take it home, which I did; Webb asked me what I had got, and took the coat from me; I took a pocket-book out of the pocket, and Webb snatched it out of my hand, and said, 'What have you there?' and he took some cards out; I saw a piece of paper in the middle of the cards, and he whispered to Graston, and said it was a 10l.-note; they went out, and we followed them, that is, I and Feary, to a public-house in Petticoat-lane; I should know the man and the room they went into together; they shortly came out, and told us not to follow them, that they had received a deposit, and promised us 10s. each in the morning"—in consequence of this, I went with a city officer to Isaacs' house, the Blue Anchor, in Petticoat-lane—I waited till the door was opened by Isaacs himself—I went up to him, and said, "Mr. Isaacs, did you change a 10l.-note last evening?"—he said,

"No, I did not"—I said, "Have you a 10l.-note in your possession?"—he said, "No, I have not"—I said, "Have you a 10l.-note in the house?"—he said, "No, I have not"—I said, "Have you any paper money in the house?"—he said, "No, allow me to go and speak to my wife"—I said, "No, I cannot"—I then sent for Wilson, and he pointed to Isaacs, and said, "That is the person who went with Webb and Graston to the parlour"—I asked which parlour, as there are two, and he showed me the public parlour, from which there is a door to another court—Isaacs was taken, but was discharged, the note has never been traced to him—it was paid to a Mr. Stevens, a publican, in the Curtain-road, and afterwards to the Bank.

COURT. Q. Is this Blue Anchor in London? A. Yes; Isaacs' brother had kept it, and his license was suspended, and then Isaacs got into the house after it was licensed.





THOMAS STEVENS
. I keep the Horse and Groom, in the Curtain-road. On 13th March, I received a 10l.-note—I did not take the number—I paid it to Mr. Sheffield, in Spitalfield's-market—I received it from a customer at the bar, who gave the name of Smith—it was not one of the prisoners—I had not known the person before—he gave the name of "Smith," but his name about the country is Joe I understand—this is the note—I wrote on it, "Smith, Davis's friend"—Davis is a horse-dealer in the neighbourhood, and he was seen in my house with Smith sometimes.





RICHARD ADYE BAILEY
. I am a clerk in the accountant's office in the Bank of England. This 10l.-note, No. 24846, dated 4th Feb., 1850, was paid into the Bank on 16th March by the Union Bank, in a total of 2820l.





CHARLES BECK ROBINSON
. I am cashier in the Union Bank, Princes-street. I received a note of this number on 15th March, in part of a bill—it was paid into the Bank the next day—the name on the bill was Mr. Sheffield, of Spitalfields.





THOMAS GARDNER

re-examined. This is the note I received; it was in my pocket-book in my coat-pocket—I know it by some writing on the corner of it, and this is the way in which I folded it up, and put it into my pocket-book—I am sure it is the note.





WILLIAM HALL
 (City-policeman, 668). A little before three o'clock in the morning, on 14th March, I assisted in taking Webb and Graston, in Montague-court—I found on Webb three sovereigns, twenty-seven shillings, 10d. in silver, and 10d. in copper.





DANIEL SQUIBB
. I live at 4, King's Head-court, Shoreditch; the prisoner Webb lodged there, at my mother-in-law's house. On 13th March, about seven o'clock in the evening, I saw all the four prisoners there—Wilson came in with a coat under his arm, and after he had been in about five minutes he began feeling about the pockets of the coat—I went out, and returned in about five minutes, and Wilson and Feary were disputing with each other, saying that Webb had taken from them a 10l.-note, and Webb and Graston had gone out—a young man, a lodger, named Darby, stepped up to me, and said, "If you like to step out with me, I think I can find them"—we went, and looked in several public-houses, till we came to the Fleurde-lis, in Magpie-alley—Webb and Graston were in there—we waited, and they came out—Wilson and Feary came up, and they were together three or four hours—I followed them to Mr. Isaacs', in Petticoat-lane—Webb and Graston went in first—they passed through the bar into the parlour—I and the young man with me followed them—Webb called for a pot of porter, and he took up some cards, and began playing at all-fours—Wilson and Feary then came in—Wilson called Mr. Isaacs, and whispered to him—directly after

he had done whispering, Mr. Isaacs came to Webb, and said the two boys (Feary and Wilson) had been telling him all about it, and that he (Webb) had better give the boys something, for they were beginning to turn nasty—Webb made answer, and said, "It was a bad note, no good"—Mr. Isaacs then called Webb into the private parlour, and they were in there alone about four minutes—when they came out, Mr. Isaacs said he would not have them in his lace—he said he would not be taken out of his place for 50l.—he forced them all to go out of his house—we got up, and went out after them, and followed them to a beer-shop in Whitechapel-road—they all four stopped there about half an hour—they came out, and went down Whitechapel and Leadenhall-street, to Bishopsgate-street—Webb and Garston then ran down Sun-street and Long-alley, and by their running they lost the two boys—the next house I saw them go in, was a public-house, at the top of Holy well-lane, there they had a pot of porter—they came out, and went to the London Apprentice, where they had a pot of porter, and two or three quarterns of gin—they came out, and went to a public-house in Church-street, Shoreditch—they had half-a-pint of gin there, and they were forced to come out, as the house closed—they then went to the Sun, and came out of there with two prostitutes, and went up a court in Bishopsgate-street that I do not know the same of, to a brothel, and there they were taken into custody.

Wilson. Q. Did I partake of any of the beer? A. No—you told them if it were a bad note you would take it back; and you made use of this expression, that if you did not have 10s. out of it, that Was not much, you would rather get lagged.


Feary. This witness Went in every house with them, and drank with them; and he said he would break my b——y neck if I did not go back from following him. Witness. No I did not.

Webb. Q. Where were you when we were taken? A. Standing in the passage of the brothel—I did not hear you say anything to Graston about the money or the coat.

COURT. Q. But you heard him say that the note was a bad one? A. Yes, he did, in Mr. Isaacs' house, but he denied several times to the boys, before he got there, that he had any note—he said he had no note.

Graston. Q. Did you hear Webb tell me that he had only 8l. left? A. No—I heard Wilson and Feary arguing about a note—I had heard you were going to leave my mother-in-law, and you owed her nearly 10s.—she told me to watch you, that she might get her money.





THOMAS STEVENS

re-examined. Q. Can you tell when you received this note? A. It was of a respectable-looking man, about nine o'clock in the evening—my bar-maid said that she had seen him in the house twice before, with Mr. Davis.





JAMES CROSS
. I am a horse-dealer, and live in Plough-yard, Shoreditch. I know a person named Davis; I work for him—I was in Mr. Stevens's parlour on 13th March—I did not see the note paid to Mr. Stevens, but I have seen the person who gave the note, in our yard—Mr. Stevens said he had received a 10l.-note of him, and asked me if I knew him—I said I had seen him, I bought two horses of him—I do not know whether his name is Smith.





WILLIAM ARGENT
 (policeman, 126 H.) I went to King's Head-court, Shoreditch—I apprehended Wilson there—I told him he was charged with stealing a coat, a pocket-book, and a 10l.-note—he said I was mistaken, there were more boys in the house—I afterwards took Feary, and told him he was charged with stealing a coat, a pocket-book, and a 10l.-note—he said he saw the coat, but he did not take it.


Feary's Defence. I was standing inside the door, and when I came out the coat was gone; I saw the persons with it; I followed them, and said I would give them in charge.

Wilson's Defence. I was sitting in the lodging-house, and Feary came and asked me to take a walk; I said I did not mind; I went, and he told me to wait at the corner of a street for him; he went up the steps of the shop; waited for him; he asked if his brother had left off work; a young man said he had not; Feary then ran to me with the coat, and told me to take it home, and he would be back in half an hour; I went to the lodging-house; I put my hand in the pocket of it, and pulled out a pocket-book; Webb came, and said, "What have you got?" I said, "A pocket-book;" he opened it, and took a paper from between some cards; he went to Graston, and said, "I have a 10l.-note;" I did not know what to do till Feary came in, and I told him; I did not know when he gave me the coat that it was stolen, or where he got it from; when Feary came in I told him about the 10l.-note; Webb and Graston went out, and we followed them, and looked in several public-houses, till we found them in a public-house in Magpie-alley; I asked them for the note, and said if they would give it me I would take it back to the owner; they said it was bad; we still followed them, and Squib and his companion said, "Go back, we want to follow them ourselves;" Feary said he wanted the note to take it back, as it would get his brother into disgrace; we followed them to the Blue Anchor, and saw them go into a parlour; we sat down on the forms outside, and a little while after we asked Mr. Isaacs if we might go inside the parlour; he said "Yes," and asked what was the matter; I told him that Webb had taken a 10l.-note from me in the lodging house, and I wanted the 10l.-note and the coat, and I intended to give them into custody; Isaacs said, "You should not do that, you should not turn round on your mates;" I said he was no mate of mine; then Isaacs turned them out; they went to a public-house in Whitechapel, and then we followed them down to Bishopsgate-street; they ran away, or I meant to give them into custody; I gave the pocket-book to Mrs. Buck to take care of.

Webb's Defence. I deny having the note, I never saw it.

Graston's Defence I was sitting there having my tea; we then went out together, and were at different places till we were taken on a charge of having the note; I was searched at the station.





JAMES ARMSTRONG
 (policeman, H 87). I searched Graston, and found on him 4 1/2d. and a box—he was taken in a brothel with Webb.

FEARY—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—



Confined Six Months.


WILSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—



Confined Six Months.


WEBB—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.


GRASTON—



GUILTY. Aged 26.—Recommended to mercy by the



Jury.—



Confined Six Months


