




622. 




GARRETT DONOGHUE
 and 




WILLIAM GROVER



, feloniously uttering three forged notes, purporting to be Bank of England notes.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS SALWAY
. I keep the Red Cross, 33, Barbican. I have a brother, a carpenter, who lives at 21, Gerard-street, Soho—the prisoner Grover had been in my brother's service—I had known him about two years—on Saturday, 17th April, about 4 o'clock, he came to my house before the bar, and called for a pint of porter—he said, "How do you do, Mr. Salway?"—I said, "I am very well, thank you; what are you doing now?"—he said, "Nothing"—he stood there for some few minutes, and then put his elbow on the counter, and whispered to me, "Have you ever taken any bad money since you have been here?"—I then said, "Well, what has been brought I have been very fortunate, I have detected it"—he then put his hand into his trowsers' pocket, pulled out a shilling, and said he served butchers and bakers, and publicans, with this sort of coin at 1s. 6d. per dozen—I then asked him how long he had followed that profession—he replied, "About a month after I left your brother, as I had neither money nor clothes"—he then took the shilling up off the counter, and went away as he saw me going towards the private box, I suppose he thought I was coming out to him—after he had gone I told the sergeant of police—I saw no more of Grover until the Saturday following, when he came about 10 in the morning—he asked me if I could change him a 5l. or a 10l. note—I asked him was it genuine, or how he came in possession of it, knowing the capacity he was in before—he said, "It is; we fell across it," or "tumbled over it in Drury-lane"—I then said, "Well, bring it and let me look at it"—he then said, "What time shall I come?"—I said, "At 5 o'clock"—he said he would come at 7—I said, "I shall be busy at that time, come at 5"—he agreed to do so, and went away—I went to the police station, and told them what had occurred, and about 4 in the afternoon Bull and Packman came, and waited there up till 11 at night—Grover did not come, and they then went away—on the Saturday following, 1st May, about 7 in the evening, Grover came, in company with Donoghue—they came together—I was at the bar—Grover said, "I have brought these notes, can you change them for me?"—I then did as the police constable had told me, invited them into the parlour, and went into the parlour to them—I first sent my barman over for the police—Donoghue pulled the notes out of his pocket—they were two 5l. and one 1l. note—I did not look at them at that time, but I did when I took them into the kitchen—I said, "What do you want for them?"—he said, "17l."—Grover was in the room, and within hearing—I said, "I suppose you would take 16l., would you not?"—he said, "No, not less than 17l.; look at them"—I did not look at them—I put them into my pocket, and went out—I told them to wait a bit, and I would bring them the change—I went out of the parlour to the back door, expecting to find the police—Costigan, an officer, was there—my barman had fetched him—I took him to the parlour, and said, "Stop these men; don't allow them to move out of the parlour"—before that, as I was coming out of the parlour, I heard Grover say to Donoghue, "It is all over with us"—I think he saw Costigan—he was in his uniform—I then went into the kitchen with the officer Banks, who had come in afterwards—I showed the notes to him, and told him what had transpired—I then returned to the parlour with Banks, and said to the prisoners, "These gentlemen will give you the change"—the policemen took them into custody—I handed the notes to Banks.


Cross-examined by
MR. DEARSLEY. Q. When Donoghue showed you the notes first he took them out of his pocket? A. He did; they were not wrapped up in anything—they were folded up when he gave them to me—there was no one in the parlour but ourselves—I had never seen Donoghue before—I was well acquainted with Grover—I have seen him on many occasions in the workshop—I did not know his name—I never saw him in company with Donoghue—Donoghue did not say that Grover had asked him to ask 17l. for them; I am quite sure of that—I asked what he wanted for them, and he said 17l.—that was all he said—I did not give Grover in charge to the police on the 24th April, when he offered me the bad money, at 18d. a dozen—I told the police-sergeant what had occurred—I remember my house being burnt down—it was insured in the Sun Fire-office—I got the insurance for it: I swear that; they did not for a considerable time refuse to pay it—I have been about twelve months at my present house—before that I was at the Crown and Cushion—I have never been in any other business—I am a seafaring man by profession—I left the sea about three years back—I have been in the public line ever since.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. Who was in the room besides you and the prisoners? A. No one; there were no persons outside the parlour door—there is a glass window to the parlour—there were no persons outside that window—it opens into a passage, which leads into the kitchen, or into the bar, or the street—I was examined before the Magistrate—the Magistrate misunderstood me—there were people outside the street door who came with the prisoners, who were in the same party with them, and there were people at the bar, but not in the passage—I believe this is not the first time that I have stated that Grover said, "It is all over with us"—I believe I stated it at Guildhall.





ROBERT PACKMAN
 (City policeman, 133). On Saturday, 24th April, about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, I went to Mr. Salway's, from information he sent, and remained there till about a quarter past 10, with Bull—nothing occurred that night.





GEORGE BANKS
 (City policeman, 153). On Saturday, 1st May, I was on duty at Barbican, near the Redcross public-house—Mr. Salway called me over, and gave me some information on the subject of notes—when I got there I found Costigan there—I went with Mr. Salway into the kitchen, and he produced these three notes to me (looking at them)—I then went with him to the parlour—I found Costigan at the door, and the prisoners in the parlour—I told them they must consider themselves in custody—Donoghue asked what for—I told them to accompany me to the station, and I would explain it to them—I took Grover, and Costigan took Donoghue to the station, in Moor-lane, where I handed the notes to sergeant Watson—he asked the prisoners their names and addresses—Donoghue gave his name as "Garrett Donoghue, of 72, Carlisle-street, Westminster," and Grover gave, "William Grover, 15, Denzel-street, Drury-lane"—inspector Joy came in shortly afterwards, and the notes were handed to him—he asked the prisoners if they could account for the notes, or throw any light upon them; and said, "I can tell you they are all forged notes"—Donoghue replied, "When the man comes down to charge us we will tell you"—Mr. Salway was sent for—he came, and the charge was taken—the prisoners did not then give any account—they were searched—on Grover was found a book and two duplicates, and 2d. in copper; and on Donoghue, a knife, a key, and an old half-guinea—I went to 15, Denzel-street, but found no such person as Grover known or living there—I also went to 72, Carlisle-street—I found no such name as Donoghue

there—I received the notes back from Mr. Joy the same evening—these are them—I put my initials to them—they were never out of my sight from the time I received them from Mr. Salway.

Cross-examined by
MR. DEARSLEY. Q. What charge did Mr. Salway make against them? A. For offering two 5l., and one 10l. Bank of England forged notes; it was not for having stolen notes; I swear that.

MR. DEARSLEY
to
MR. SALWAY. Q. When you gave the prisoners into custody to Banks, what was the charge you made? A. Having the notes; I did not know whether they were stolen or forged, or what they were—I do not think I said it was for having stolen notes in their possession—I did not know whether they were stolen or forged—I did not use the words "stolen," to my knowledge—I cannot swear one way or the other—I had not examined the notes.





DANIEL COSTIGAN
 (City policeman, 140) examined by
MR. DEARSLEY. I am not aware what charge Mr. Salway made against the prisoners—when I entered the house, he said, "Don't let them go"—at that time they were in the parlour—I stopped there till Banks came, and then we took them—I believe Mr. Salway made the charge to Banks, not to me; I did not hear it.





WARWICK VAUGHAN
 (policeman, M 194). I know Donoghue—I believe his name is James Garrett—I have known him about three years—I have heard him called by that name.





JOHN SEAL
. I live at 15, Denzel-street, Drury-lane; I have lived there about five years; I occupy one room, and let the rest—Grover does not live there.





JAMES BARTON
. I am an inspector of bank notes at the Bank of England. These three notes are counterfeit, paper as well as signature.
(John Gibbs, coal-dealer, of 12, Boswell-court, Queen-square, gave Grover a good character.)

DONOGHUE—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.

GROVER—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.





Transported for Ten Years.

