




708. 




EDWIN RICKETTS
 and 




GEORGE SHAW



,stealing a watch, a guard chain, 2 rings, a 5l.-note, and 2l. in money; the property of 



William Ellice East, from his person.


MR. PARRY
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM ELLICE EAST
. I am an under graduate of St. John's College,

Cambridge. On Monday, 10th May last, I came to London on business—about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, having transacted my business, I went to the Shoreditch railway station to inquire what time the train left and as I had half an hour to spare, I thought I would take a walk towards Shoreditch Church—as I was going along I met the prisoner Shaw—he put his hand on my shoulder to draw my attention, and asked me if I wished to buy any cigars—I refused at first, but he kept talking to me, and at last I consented to go with him and see these cigars—he took me into a beer shop, in Boundary-street, I believe it is called—I had walked with him about twenty yards, but to the beer-shop would be about 100 yards—I believe it is at the corner of Boundary-street—I had a gold watch and chain—the chain was a very thick one, and likely to attract attention—any one who saw me in the street might see that I had a gold watch and chain—when we got into the beer-shop Shaw asked me if I would have anything to drink—I refused, and said I did not care about anything, I wished to see the cigars—he said, "Don't be afraid, I am not going to hurt you; you had better have something to drink," and he took me by the hand—I said, "No, thank you" I knew it was a beer-shop when I went in—I did not see any sign over the door, but I could see there was a taproom, so I concluded it was a beer-shop—he went out of the room, saying he was going to get the cigars, and when he went out I heard the door shut, and as if it was locked—I heard a lock turn in the door—he said something about fetching some handkerchiefs and gloves as well as cigars, and I said, "I don't care about any of those things"—I distinctly heard the door shut and locked—after the lapse of about three minutes four other persons came into the room by another door, a back door—that door communicates with the tap—there is a yard behind which I believe leads into another parlour, and communicates with the front door, so you may go round in a regular circle—there was a very small table in the room I was in, with a few forms, I believe; I did not take any particular notice—it is not divided like a coffee house, it is only a small room, about ten feet in length—the persons that came in sat down at the table, and one of them had three cards in his hand; that man had also two books in his hand, with brass clasps, and he wished to sell them for sixpence, but as none of the people wished to buy them, he offered to play for them, and they should have them if they happened to win them, or for 6d.—they played, and he won 6d.—they went on playing for a few minutes, until he won a few pounds—I saw some money handed over to him by some of the persons who were with him—it was an old man who handed him the money—the prisoner Ricketts was one of the men—he was not the man that had the cards—I was sitting down towards the door I came in at, at the end of the table, waiting for Shaw to bring the cigars—after the old man appeared to have lost the money, Ricketts staked a gold chain, at least one that looked like gold, against some money, and lost it—I saw the man with the cards take it up—after that Ricketts won, and I saw about 2l. paid to him, but I did not take particular notice of what passed, I was waiting for the cigars more than paying attention to them—I saw some gold paid to Ricketts by the man with the cards, I cannot say how much—the old man staked a silver watch and chain, and lost it, and he seemed very much annoyed that he should be so unfortunate, and stamped his feet—Ricketts said to me, "Shall I play for you, or will you try yourself?"—I said, "No, I would rather not, thank you; I don't care about it just now," but he said, "Oh, I will win some money for the gentleman," and went on playing—he won some money at first—he did not offer it to me, but I said nothing to him, because I of course

understood that he was not playing for me, and I had given him to understand that he was not to play for me—after that he began to lose, and lost some money, and when I looked at my watch and thought it was time to be going by the train, they gave me to understand that I must pay about 15l. or 20l.—it was Ricketts who spoke to me—when I moved towards the door and said I must be going, he said, "You must pay before you go"—I said, "Pay what?" he said, "Oh, I have been losing about 15l. or 20l. for you, and you must pay"—I said, "I shall not pay, I have not played, or requested you to play"—they all came round me and said, "You must pay"—I said, "I shall do nothing of the kind"—they came round me and immediately took the watch from my pocket, and the chain, and the rings from my fingers—the old man took off the rings, Ricketts took the watch and chain, and a fourth man, who I did not exactly know by sight, took the purse out of my pocket, and emptied the money into the hands of the man with the cards—there was a 5l.-note, a sovereign, a half sovereign, and a few shillings in silver—the value of the watch and chain was about 13l. or 14l—it was an Albert chain—Ricketts gave the watch to the man with the cards—I did not consent to their taking these things from me, I gave them up because I feared personal violence—I did not resist them, they took them from me with their hands—the empty purse was placed at the corner of the table—I took it up and put it in my pocket—this is it (producing it)—after they had all gone, Ricketts remained behind—he said he was very sorry indeed that he should have been so unfortunate, and appeared very sorry that anything of the kind should have occurred, and gave me to understand that he knew where these people had gone to, but as I tried to follow them he held me by the arms and would not let me—that was directly they had left, before I had got out of the room—they went out at the door I came in at—I did not observe it unlocked, in fact they were all round me, and I was rather confused, so that I did not take particular notice of what occurred—I at last got out of the place, in about three or five minutes after the men had left—I did not see anything of them when I got out—Ricketts was with me—he held me by the arm all the time, promising to show me where they had gone if I would go with him—he walked with me through some alley into Shoreditch—I then said, "Where are these men that have robbed me?" or "taken my money," and he let go of my arm, and appeared quite innocent, and wished to know what I was talking about—I then left him to go after a policeman, and I went to the railway station—I gave the police a description of the persons, and afterwards, in consequence of information, I went to the Hampton races.

COURT. Q. How long do you think you were in the house altogether? A. About a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes; I looked at my watch just before they took my property—I went into the place about 25 minutes to 4 o'clock—when I looked at my watch it wanted 5 minutes to 4—it was about 5 minutes after 4 when I got to the railway station—I was not able to go to Cambridge till the 9 o'clock train—Shaw never returned to the room—nobody came knocking at the door, or trying to get in—it was about six weeks after this that I went to Hampton races, or it might be more—the Hampton races are the week after Ascot—the police sergeant, Jackson, wrote to me, and I made an appointment to meet him there—I went there by myself, and on my way to the course I saw the man who had played with the cards—I immediately hastened on to meet the sergeant to give information—I met him, and as we were going after that man we met the two prisoners in company with another man, who I believe to be the person that took the purse out of my pocket, but I could not swear to him; I swore to the prisoners,

and immediately gave them into custody—they denied ever having seen me, or knowing the place where the transaction occurred—I have not the slightest doubt they are the men.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. How long have you been at the University? A. A year next Oct—I think I left Cambridge on this day by the 10 o'clock train, and arrived in town about 10 minutes past 12—I did not consent to these persons taking my property, but gave it up because I feared violence—I did not make the least resistance, because I knew they would resort to violence if I did—there were five men in the room, and I was by myself, therefore I knew it was no use—I began to suspect what they were after when I saw their goings on—this was a back room adjoining the bar; the bar was between the room and the street—when I entered the house I saw a little girl at the bar, but I did not notice particularly at the time because Shaw had hold of my hand—there was not a pack of cards, only three single cards—there is no game that I know of played with three cards—they were not playing a game, they were trying to guess a certain card and betting upon it—I believe it was betting on the turn-up, I do not know—I very often play at cards at Cambridge—when we can get a comfortable little supper party we have a game at whist or vingt-un—I never heard of a game called cock-a-holly, or any game played with three cads—Ricketts offered to bet for me in the first instance and I refused—he afterwards said, "I shall win some money for the gentleman," and then went on playing—when he said that, I said, "No, I would rather not play, thank you," or something to the effect that he should not play for me—what the words were I am not able to recollect—it was not when I saw I had lost some money that I looked at my watch—I looked at it without noticing what they were doing—I looked to see whether it was time to be leaving, as Shaw did not return—I paid no regard to what they were doing, for I fully understood in my own mind that he was not playing for me at all—after I left the beer shop with Ricketts I walked with him about twice the length of this Court just through an alley that led into Shore-ditch—I got into Shoreditch with him—I saw a number of persons passing and reposing as usual—I did not mention what had occurred to any of them—I looked for a policeman, but did not see one immediately; I believe they are never to be seen when they are wanted—there were two doors to this room—I am not sure about the door being locked, but I was convinced in my own mind that it was, because I heard the lock turn—I suppose the other door was not locked—I did not know at the time where that door led to, but when I went there afterwards with the policeman I found it led into a small yard, which had another door leading to another parlour, from whence you can get into the front tap room, and then into the street—I did not examine the lock of the door when I went with the policeman—I thought more of my property than the lock at that time.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You are not a freshman? A. No; I am a junior soph at present—I was not brought up at any public school; I have been with a private tutor most of my time—I believe my name is down at Eton—there have not been any town and gown affairs since I have been at Cambridge, we were rather quiet last Oct.—I do not take any part in those matters—I am not particularly strong, and do not feel inclined—I kept to my rooms on 5th Nov.—something generally turns up then—it is my firm belief that the door was locked, because I heard the lock turned—I did not go to the door to try—I was left alone in the room for several minutes before any persons came in—I did not go to the door to see if it was locked, because I was firmly convinced that it was—I did not try to get out; I

stopped to get the cigars—I did not know whether he had not locked the door for privacy, to prevent persons coming in—I had never seen Shaw before—I was not with him many minutes—I saw nothing more of him until I saw him at Hampton races—I was in the room about a quarter of an hour, or twenty minutes—I went out at the door I came in at—I did not unlock it—I did not hear it unlocked—I heard the handle turn when they went out.

MR. PARRY. Q. Did you give Rickett's any authority to loose 15l. or 20l. on your account? A. I did not—I gave him fully to understand that he was not playing for me, or I playing with them, or betting with them.

COURT. Q. Where was your watch when it was taken from you? A. In my waistcoat pocket, and the chain was fastened through the button hole of my waistcoat; it was unhooked from my waistcoat, and taken out of my pocket—the rings were taken off my fingers by the old man, against my will, and my watch also—my purse was in my right trowser's pocket—I did not take it out myself—I was sitting down in a chair when it was taken out—when they all came round me I rose from my chair, and then I sat down again—they took the purse against my will—it was a young man who I could not swear to, that took it; Rickett's took the watch and chain.





ISAAC SMITH
. I am ticket porter, at Shoreditch station. On Monday afternoon I saw Mr. East coming towards Shoreditch Church, as I was coming from Kingsland-road; we met—I saw the prisoners, one by the side of him and the other close behind—I have not the slightest doubt they are the persons.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. What day was this? A. Monday afternoon, about half past 3 o'clock.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was not your first recollection of this transaction that you saw them about half past 3 o'clock on Saturday? A. No; I saw them in Shoreditch, on Saturday, about half past 3—I did not change it to Monday, when I heard the policeman say it was Monday—one was close behind the prosecutor, the other by his side, and there was an old gentleman who was gray headed there, close behind Mr. East—I have not been fishing this all up since—there were five men altogether; I knew them all by sight, being so long at the railway as I have, and having seen them about the gates—the prisoners were the closest to Mr. East—it was part of my duty to watch them—I saw the prisoners on the Saturday afternoon, but not with the prosecutor—my recollection was always the same.

MR. PARRY. Q. You are sworn constable to the railway? A. Yes; it is therefore my duty to watch—I had seen the prisoners together on the Saturday, and many times before, apparently as companions—I am confident the prisoners are the two men I saw with Mr. East.





HENRY JACKSON
 (police sergeant). I am sometimes in the detective force—I received a description at the station of the persons who Mr. East alleged had robbed him—I made an appointment with him to meet at Hampton races; he pointed the prisoners out to me there, and gave them into custody—I knew them; I had seen them several times together before the time of the robbery.

MR. EAST
re-examined. Rickett's took away my watch and chain, those were the only articles he took—I made no resistance fearing personal violence.

RICKETTS—


GUILTY
.*† Aged 26.

SHAW—


GUILTY
.*† Aged 35.





transported for Ten Years.

