



503. 




THOMAS JOHNSON



, for the wilful murder of 



Sarah Johnson.—He was also charged on the Coroner's Inquisition with manslaughter.


MESSRS. BODKIN and CLERK
conducted the Prosecution






EDWARD CONSTABLE
 (policeman, N 430). On Sunday morning, 11th Jan., about five o'clock in the morning, I was on duty in Macclesfield-street, St. Luke's, and saw the prisoner—he addressed me first, and said, "My wife has died"—I asked him the reason—he said he did not know; he was up-stairs, and heard a noise, came down, and found her lying on the floor; that he spoke to her, and she made no reply, and he came out to look for a policeman—he said, "Come with me,' and I went with him

to 24, Graham-street, about 200 yards from where I met him—going along, I asked him the cause of her death—he said he did not do it—there was no light; I got one from a neighbour, went into the back-parlour, and saw a woman lying about the centre of the floor, with her head in a pool of blood—the room was in great confusion; everything was strewed about the floor—I lifted up the arm; it was cold—I asked the prisoner to come with me to fetch a doctor—we went to Dr. Hutchinson, who returned with us, and sergeant Baker, who is not here—we got a light, and examined more particularly—the deceased was in the same position—she was dressed all but one shoe and stocking—the doctor said to the prisoner, "How do you account for this?"—he said, "I did not murder her; I did not do it, I did not do it"—I took him into custody—I saw a hammer and a shoemaker's awl on the floor: that was all I noticed—I did not search—I examined the prisoner's hands—there was a great deal of dry blood on them—that was about half an hour after he first came to me—he said he was no thief or murderer—he was sober when he first came to me, and was dressed, excepting his hat—he had his boots on.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did he open the door for you to go in? A. Yes; he walked by my side to the doctor's—I could not distinguish that be had been drinking—I had seen him five or six years ago—he was no acquaintance of mine.





JOHN HUTCHINSON
. I am a surgeon, of Islington. I was called to the house by Constable, about half-past five o'clock in the morning—I knew the deceased; I had been attending her professionally, for asthma and difficulty of breathing—her name was Sarah Johnson—she was about sixty-three years old—I had seen her about two o'clock on the day before—she was in feeble health; she suffered principally from debility and cough—I found her dead body in the back-parlour on the ground-floor—that was where the prisoner worked at his trade of a shoemaker—I believe they had a sleeping-room over it—I examined the body; it was warm, but the legs, arms, and face, were cold—I should think she had been dead at least two or three hours; I cannot say exactly—the face was very much swollen and contused; the eyelids swollen and blackened; the whole of the scalp was very much swollen, and the hair, which was long, was matted with blood, so as to prevent my making a minute search—there was a lacerated wound on the angle of the right side of the mouth—the skin was rubbed off the left elbow and both knees—the body laid on the right side, with the legs drawn up—the whole of her face was smeared with blood, and there were splashes of blood on her hands—her left shoe and stocking were off—with that exception, she was perfectly dressed, as for the day—her cap was off, and lying under her head; it was a day-cap—there was a smell of liquor; but whether it arose from the body, or had been spilt on the ground, I do not know—there was a stocking near the fire-place, with a needle in it, as if she had been at work; and a cloak near the head, saturated with blood, as if it had been used to wipe blood up with—I asked the prisoner how it happened—he said she had had a fit; that he heard a noise, as if she was falling about—I told him it was a very suspicious case—he said he was sure he did not do it—I think he said at that time that he had lived with his wife for forty-one years—I had been attending her about ten or twelve days—I had not known her before that—she had not complained to me of liability to fits, nor had I observed any

tendency to it—I made a post mortem examination of the body next evening, and found a wound on the left; side of the head, two or three inches above the ear—it wounded a branch of the temporal artery—there was great extravasation of blood between the scalp and the skull—there were two ounces of blood under the dura mater, pressing on the brain—that was underneath the wound, which had penetrated completely through the scalp to the bone, and stopped there—the extravasation of blood and the internal congestion were not caused by that wound—the blood effused on the brain came from a rupture of the middle menengeal artery, which was caused by external violence, blows, falls, or kicks, and not, I should say, by the violence attending that wound—I attribute the death to compression of the brain, occasioned by the congestion of blood on it—independently of that, I do not think the wound itself would be likely to hare caused death; it might have done so in her weak state, from the hemorrhage—there was a great deal of blood about her, quite a pool—I examined the other organs, but found nothing to throw a light upon this inquiry—I found this knife (produced) under the table, about a yard and a half from the body, covered with human hair, of a greyish colour, very much more than is on it now, and some on the handle—I compared it with the wound; it corresponded with it exactly—I think it is a shoemaker's knife.

Cross-examined. Q. You do not mean to say that all the blood found there could have come from the wound on the head? A. Not the whole of it; there might have been a good deal from the wound by the mouth—she had not complained to me of falls—I bad only seen her about five times, not every day.





ANN ELIZABETH MARY BUTTS
. I reside in the same house as the prisoner and his wife did—there are four rooms in it and a wing, which is two rooms added, but they are occupied—I have only one room, that is. on the ground-floor—the prisoner's parlour was on that floor, separated from my room by a partition—their bedroom was on the floor above—the prisoner is a shoemaker, and worked in the parlour adjoining mine—there are other lodgers. On the Saturday night before Mrs. Johnson's death, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I was in my parlour, and heard the prisoner speaking very angrily in his parlour, apparently to his wife—I heard no other voice—I heard him say, "I will do for you, you b——y b——r"—I heard no answer made to that—I heard a noise in their room, as of things being thrown about—that continued about half an hour—I could distinguish the prisoner's voice and his words, repeatedly saying the same—I thought from his voice that he was dreadfully intoxicated—I had not seen him that evening—I have seen him drunk before—the things seemed to break as they fell—I heard something heavy fall, and then all was silent—the room became quiet a little after twelve—I can distinctly hear, persons moving from one room to another, and going upstairs—I heard no person go up-stairs from the lower to the upper room after the disturbance ceased—I went to bed about a quarter-past twelve—I did not remain awake very long, but I awake at the least noise, and should have heard any person coming up-stairs—between six and seven, or it might be before, I heard somebody in the next room on the ground-floor—I was disturbed by the police.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the prisoner generally very much excited

when he was drunk? A. Very; his wife was in the habit of drinking—they always quarrelled when they were both drunk—they always seemed to behave well to each other when sober—I heard his voice before I heard things being thrown about—I heard him say, "What are you here for, you b—r," like a drunken man, and after that I heard the things thrown about—after I heard the fall I went to the back-door—I had not nerve enough to go into the room—I have lived in the house three or four months.

COURT. Q. Does any one live with you? A. No, I am a widow; I was alone when I heard the noise, and went and informed Charlotte Bennett and Mary Ann Richards, who lived in the house—they were on the ground-floor—they could not hear so distinctly as I could; their room is farther off than mine—I had not seen the deceased since the Friday—I spoke to her then—she looked very ill.





CHARLOTTE BENNETT
. I live with my husband in the same house with the prisoner and his wife, adjoining their bedroom up-stairs. On this Saturday night, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I was sitting downstairs in the front parlour—Mrs. Butt's room is between that room and the prisoner's—Mrs. Butt said something to me, and she and I went to the back-door to listen—I heard the prisoner say, "You b—r I will do for you"—he used very bad expressions, and said, "You have got coal-heavers in the place"—I heard somebody say, in a very faint voice, "Do you call yourself a man?"—it seemed like Mrs. Johnson's voice, and proceeded from their room, as also did what he said—I heard things being thrown about in the room—there was such a dreadful noise going on I could hardly hear what was said—I then heard a very heavy fall on the floor—I heard no noise after that—before I went out I heard Mrs. Johnson call; it was not crying or moaning; she had a constant cough, and was asthmatic—we heard nothing more, and went in-doors—we had been listening about half an hour—I took no more notice, but went to bed about half-past two—if the prisoner had gone up-stairs after that I must have heard him—I heard nothing—he might have gone up while I was in the room below, without my hearing, him—I heard nothing more till morning.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not the prisoner seem to you to be silly over it, and to be mad drunk? A. Yes; he did not seem to know what he was doing—I have lived in the house eight months—the deceased had no fall that I am aware of—I never saw her drunk in my life—I go out to work every day—Mrs. Butt stops at home; she keeps a school.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Had you seen her that evening? A. No; not since Friday evening—I think the prisoner was intoxicated—I never saw any coal-heavers in the place.

COURT. Q. Are you married? A. Yes; my husband is away all the week—he was not with me—Mary Ann Richer was—when we heard the fall we went away instantly—nothing was said or done after that as far at I heard—we left nobody there—we all three went away at the same time—Mary Ann Richer is married, her husband was not there—there were no other grown persons in the house—the fall did not frighten us.





MARY ANN RICHER
. I am fifteen years old, and live with my father and mother in this house. On this night I was sitting with Mrs. Butt, and went to listen between eleven and twelve o'clock—I heard the prisoner

in his room using bad language to his wife—I know she was in the room, because I heard her hard breathing from asthma—I heard the prisoner swearing at her and abusing her; but did not hear him say he would do for her—I heard him throwing things about; they appeared to be his tools—I staid there about a quarter of an hour; this was going on all the time—after that I heard a heavy fall; but no cry or noise as if any one was hurt—we all went away then—I sat up till about half-past two—I heard no one go up-stairs—I sleep up-stairs—there is a room between mine and that where the prisoner sleeps—I had not seen him that day, or the deceased—my mother was out.





ELIZABETH CRAWLET
. I am married, and live in City-gardens, opposite to the door of the prisoner's house. I last saw the deceased on 11th Jan.—after ten o'clock she came into the Prince of Wales public-house, while I was there, with a yellow jug—I did not notice what she bad got—she left five or ten minutes afterwards—she passed close to me and smiled—she did not speak—I saw no reason to believe she was in liquor—I did not see the prisoner that day.





EDWARD BAKER
 (policeman, N 9). On this Sunday morning, about & quarter to six o'clock, I went up-stairs at this house to a bedroom—there was a bed on the floor—there was but one sheet, it was slightly disarranged—there was an old counterpane on the top, which was thrown on one side, towards the foot of the bed, in one corner, that was the only covering on the bed—I went down into the sitting-room and found this knife (produced)—there was a yellow jug there, with the remains of maltliquor in it; and splashes of blood. on the outside of it—there were splashes of blood on the legs of the chairs—I turned my light on to the prisoner's bands and forehead; there were splashes of blood on them—I said, "How came that blood on your hands and forehead?"he said, he most have got it when be was feeling for his wife in the dark—I took off his boots, and asked him how the blood came on them—he made the same reply—these are them (produced).

Cross-examined. Q. You told him yon took him on suspicion of canting the death of his wife? A. Yes; he said, "Yes, certainly," and shed a few tears—he said, "I have had her forty-one years, I am sore I did not kill her"—I took him to the station.

COURT. Q. Did he say how it happened? A. When I asked him how she came in that state, he said, "I do not know; I was in bed; I heard a great noise down-stairs, as if the things were falling about; I got up, dressed myself, and went down-stairs; I called my wife by her name; she did not answer; I felt about for her in the dark, and found her on the floor; I thought she was dead, and I ran out for a policeman"—I said, "How long was that before you saw the policeman?"—he said, "About half an hour"—I asked him if he undressed when be went to bed—he said, "Yes, I did"—I asked him where his wife was when he went to bed—he said, "I left her here" (we were then in the lower room)—I said, "Do you usually leave your wife here when you go to bed?"—he said, "Yes; she generally stays up after me to see that all is right"—I asked him if he was out before he went to bed—he said, "I was at the public-house till eleven o'clock"—I asked him if he staid with his wife any time after he came in—he said, "No;" he asked her for a bit of candle; she had not a bit, and he went to bed in the dark immediately—I found part of a

candle on the floor on one side, and a candlestick on the other—there was broken crockery about—there was no fire there; only the remains of cinders in the grate.
(George Webb, printer; James Holloway, shoemaker, of Chad's-row, Gray's Inn; Edward Harrow, shoemaker, of Payne-street, White Conduitfields; and John Parker, shoemaker, of City Garden-row, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
of Manslaughter.
 Aged 63.—


Transported for Life


