




113. 




JOHN WRIGHT
 and 




WILLIAM DEVONPORT



, burglary in the dwelling-house of 



William Hurlstone, and stealing 3 pairs of gloves, and other articles, value 5l.; his property.—2nd COUNT, for receiving.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM HURLSTONE
. I live at No. 3, Milman-street, Bedford-row. It is my dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. Andrew's, Holborn—on Thursday night, 18th Nov., I went to bed about II o'clock; I saw the windows were fast—the window of the water closet was up, but whether it was fastened I do not know—I locked the outside door—I got up the next morning a little before 8 o'clock; I saw a ladder in the yard, up against the wall—I went out and saw an old coat, and some old shoes and boots—I called the servant—she had seen these things, but did not know the house was robbed—the thieves had got into the house by pulling down the window of the water closet—I missed a pair of boots that I had worn a few days, and one pair that I had never had on from their being footed—my hat and gloves that were on the table, and two other pairs of gloves that were in the coat pockets, and an umbrella—I found an old hat of mine, which they bad left in the yard—this is my umbrella—these are my boots; they have got my own writing inside them—this pair of boots is not mine; they were left on my premises, and a pair of shoes also—I lost two pairs of boots myself, and they had left these in exchange—this is my hat, and this is the pair of gloves that was left in the hat—these other two pairs of gloves were in the coat pockets—the coats have not been found, nor the other pair of boots.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Have these boots got your name in them? A. No; they have my writing—it is the date when I had them, to test the strength of the work.





MARY HAND
. I am servant to Mr. Hurlstone. On 19th Nov., I got up at a quarter or twenty minutes past 6 o'clock in the morning—I opened the yard door, and saw a ladder stand, and a pair of boots and shoes in the yard—supposing my master had put them there, I did not take any notice—

I saw the water closet window open half an hour after I came down—I did not give information to my master till he came down.

Cross-examined. Q. Might it be half-past 6 o'clock when you got up? A. No; it was not later than twenty minutes at the farthest—I can say it was before half-past 6 o'clock.





WILLIAM SMITH
 (police-sergeant, E 16). From information I received I went to a coffee shop, in Dean-street, Holborn, on Sunday, the 21st Nov., about half-past 1 o'clock in the morning—I saw Wright there in bed—I told him I apprehended him on suspicion of committing a burglary in Milman-street—in the room there was a small child's chaise, and on it was some clothing—I asked Wright if it was his clothing—he said, "Yes"—it consisted of this pair of boots, and other articles of clothing—I saw the other officer find this hat, in the same room, at the same time—I went, on Monday morning, the 22nd, to Lincoln-court, Drury-lane; I saw Devonport—I saw ten duplicates there—one is for an umbrella, and another for a coat, pawned for 10s.—these boots that were found in the prosecutor's yard belong to Wright—a week or ten days before that there was a robbery at another place, and Wright was suspected, and then I saw these boots on his feet.

Cross-examined. Q. Have they been in your possession ever since they were thrown in the garden? A. Yes; I did not see these cuts on them when I saw them on Wright's feet—having seen them on his feet I take on myself to swear these are the boots—there were marks on them then, and there are marks on them now that I swear to—I saw them both on his feet—this boot has been twice fronted, and I noticed this patch coming close to the toe, and I noticed that the sole had come partly off, and been sewn on again—these boots were produced at the station, and they led to the prisoner's apprehension—there was only one other man in the room I went to, in Dean-street, and he was asleep—there were three beds in the room; one was not occupied.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. How far were the boots from the bed the prisoner was in? A. Three quarters of a yard—I saw the place where the other man's clothes were—their clothing was on the off-sides of the beds the men were in.





JAMES COFFEE
 (policeman, E 31). I went with the last witness, and saw Wright in bed—I found this hat under the bed where Wright was sleeping—I asked him if it were his; he said, "Yes"—I went on the Monday to Lincoln-court, and found Devonport in bed—I told him I wanted him for a burglary in Mil man-street—I found in his room four pairs of gloves, one shawl pin, four glass buttons, a screw-driver, and two skeleton keys—these are three of the pairs of gloves—the other pair belonged to the prisoner, and I gave them back to him.





WILLIAM SMEE
 (policeman, E 110). I found these boots and shoes on Mr. Hurlston's premises.





JOHN BURY
. I am assistant to Mr. Attenborough, a pawnbroker. This umbrella was pawned at our shop; I have every reason to believe by the prisoner Devonport.

Devonport. I bought the duplicate of the umbrella of a man in Oxford street, for 1s. 6d.

WRIGHT—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.

DEVONPORT—



GUILTY
on 2nd
COUNT
. Aged 23.—(See Third Court, Wednesday.)

Wright was further charged with having been before convicted.






HENRY BINGHAM
 (policeman, E 153). I produce a certificate of Wright's conviction (read—Convicted of stealing a handkerchief; confined six months)—he is the man.


GUILTY. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.

