



948. 




JAMES M'CARTHY



, stealing 1 handkerchief, value Id., the goods of a man unknown, from his person.






THOMAS HAYDON
 (City policeman, 588). I was on Tower-hill, on 16th Oct.—I saw the prisoner there—there were twenty or thirty persons round a menagerie, and the prisoner went behind a young man, and took a handkerchief out of his pocket with his left hand—I went up and took him—I told him I was an officer—I took the handkerchief and took the prisoner, but I had been laid up and was not strong—I gave him to Denny—I went to look for the young man who lost the handkerchief, and he was gone.






PETER WILLIAM DUNAWAY
 (policeman, H 129). I assisted in taking the prisoner—I came up and saw the last witness had him in custody—I heard him say, "Let me go, let me go, or if you don't, I will give you a punch in the eye"—the witness said, "Take this man, he has just picked a pocket"—I took the prisoner—he said, "Who are you?"—I said, "I am a police constable, come along"—he said, "Let me go"—but another officer came up—the prisoner was very violent—he struck me twice, and made several kicks at me—we got him to the Shipping-office, where there was a man in uniform—I asked him to assist me in putting the handcuffs on the prisoner—he was very violent, and kicked that officer very violently in the stomach and the thigh as he was going along—there was a little child, and he kicked the child under the thigh; but the inspector thought the child was too young to go before the Magistrate—the prisoner said afterwards that he was in such a rage that he did not care what he did, nor what became of him.




GUILTY
.
(The prisoner was also charged with having been before convicted.)





JOHN CORFIELD
 (policeman, P 124.) I produce a certificate of the prisonar former conviction—(This certified the prisoner's conviction at this Court, in Jan., 1849, of larceny, after a previous conviction, and that he was sentenced to be transported for seven years)—the prisoner is the man.


GUILTY.** Aged 36.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

