



945. 




GEORGE MULLEY



, feloniously cutting and wounding 



Ellen Marney on her neck and throat, with intent to murder her. 2nd COURT, with intent to do her some grievous bodily harm.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the prosecution.






JOHN RIDGER
 (City policeman, 216). About a quarter-past 7 o'clock on the morning of 21st Sept., I was in the neighbourhood of Cock-court, Snow-hill—I heard cries of murder—I went up the court; I saw Ellen Marney come out of the house, No. 10, where the prisoner lives—she was covered with blood—she was taken by my direction to St. Bartholomew's Hospital—I returned to the house, No. 10—I went in the parlour on the ground floor—I saw the prisoner sitting on the bed undressed—there were three children in the room, one about nine years' old, one seven, and one four, I believe—I asked the prisoner who had committed the injuries on the woman—he said, "I did it"—I told him to dress, and I took him to the station—I searched him, but

found nothing on him—I returned to the house and searched, but found no knife, or any weapon—in consequence of information, I went the next day and searched the place again—I found on the staircase this knife, it was on the last stair leading from the parlour into the cellar—it was partly closed and quite wet with what appeared to me to be blood.

Cross-examined by
MR. TALFOURD SALTER. Q. How far was it you took the woman? A. I merely took hold of her, she went down the court—I did not see who she went with—it was scarcely five minutes from the time I first saw her till I entered the house—the room is on the ground floor leading into the passage—the door was open, and through that door I went into the room where I found the prisoner—there was no appearance of beer pots or signs of drinking—there were some wine glasses on the table—there might have been matters in the room which contained liquor—there was nothing in the cellar—there is a staircase out of the parlour into the cellar—the prisoner was very much agitated at the time—he looked to me to be sober.





CHARLES PIERCY
 (City policeman, 10). On the morning of the 21st, I met the woman bleeding from a wound in the throat—she was 30 or 40 yards from the prisoner's house—I took her to the hospital—I went to the house—I found a hole in the floor which went down into the cellar—I saw the prisoner at the station—he was cautioned, and asked what he did it with—he said, "I did it with a pocket knife; I don't know where it is."





ELLEN MARNEY
. I have been living with the prisoner as his wife for the last twelve months—on Friday, 21st Sept., I was with him in our room in Cock-court, there were the children in the room, his children by his first wife—I asked him if he was going to give me the money that he promised to give me to go to market—he made me no answer—he was undressed, I was dressed—my mother came to the door about half-past 6 o'clock—he would not let me open the door—I asked him what was the reason he would not let me open the door to let my mother in—he said, "I am undressed"—I said it was not the first time she had seen him undressed—he said "Let your mother go away, I will give you the money"—I told my mother to go away, and said I would meet her in Farringdon Market—she did go—the prisoner then got up and went to my box, and sat down for a few minutes on the box—he took two dirty dresses off my box and threw them on the floor—he said, "You have been talking a long time about going, you had better go now; gather up your things"—I asked him if that was what he meant—he said, "Yes"—I said I had very little going to what I had coming; "I brought more things to you than I am taking away"—I went to pick them up to put them where there were some more dirty things, and as I stooped he drew a knife across my throat—I did not see the knife in his possession—I did not see any more till I saw the stream of blood, and I cried "Murder"—I tried to get away—I ran towards the door, but the door was locked—he then began stabbing me about the head and shoulders, and gave me very severe wounds in my head with his fist; but he stabbed me with a knife in two places on my shoulder, one on my temple, and another under the ear, and one on my thumb—from the effects of these blows and wounds I dropped, and thought I was dead, but I was sensible afterwards—as soon as I dropped he ran into the cellar—I afterwards got up as well as I could, and got to the door—he bad the key that locked the door in his pocket, but it happened that I had a key—I opened the door and met the policeman—I was taken to the hospital—on previous occasions the prisoner had used language towards me of a violent character—he called me very bad names the night before this happened, and said he would do for me if I was to leave

him—I haw threatened to leave him, and he said he would do for me—he has several times threatened me within the last three or four months—I remained in the hospital a month last Friday.

Cross-examined. Q. I am afraid the prisoner has been in the habit of getting intoxicated? A. No, he has not—I never did see him out of the way much—he used to have a little—it was not usually on those occasions that he used this language—I recollect what I was doing the night before this—I went to bed about 11 o'clock—he was with me then—I had not been out all day—I had been at my mother's about 9 o'clock—my mother had called—the prisoner was with me at my mother's—we were on very good terms.





EDWARD MORRIS
. I am house surgeon at St. Bartholomew's Hospital. On Friday morning, 21st Sept., I found the last witness in the surgery—I examined her, and found a wound, five inches and a half in length, extending from the left side of the neck, at the lower part, obliquely across the front of the neck towards the right ear—it was an incised wound—it was superficial in the first part of its course—at the right side of the neck it had cut the muscles about half an inch—I found another incised wound, nearly dividing the skin, but very superficial; another wound behind the left ear, about an inch long, merely dividing the skin; two other incised wounds on the left shoulder; another wound on the left temple; another, an inch and a half long, on the left thumb—all these were incised wounds—in my judgment, this knife is an instrument with which they could have been inflicted—here is blood on the knife now—I found other injuries on her person—there were severe wounds about the left eye; a laceration on the lobe of the left ear—the lobe of the ear was torn, and the ring, which goes through the lobe of the ear to suspend the earring, was broken—I did not consider that her life was in danger.




GUILTY
on the 2nd Count. Aged 36.—


Transported for Life.

