



397. 




HENRY HARWOOD



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Ann Sherratt, with intent to steal.


MR. CAARTEEN
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES BOOTH
. I am coachman to Mrs. Ann Sherratt, who is a widow, and resides at 24, Soho-square. She occupies the whole house—there is no family, and only one female servant beside me—there are three drawing-rooms, and I have been ordered by the medical man to sleep in the middle one—on the night of 3rd Jan., when I went to bed, the front drawing-room windows were closed; there are three windows, and they open down to the ground—about two in the morning I heard a noise, sat up in bed and listened; I had a lamp burning, and I heard three steps on the landing at the top of the stairs—there is a door from that landing, leading into the front drawing-room, and one into the room I was sleeping in—that one was closed when I went to bed, but there is another door leading into the front drawing-room, which was not closed—after I heard the footsteps my door was opened, and the prisoner came in—I jumped at him directly, and seized him—he knocked the lantern out of my hand, and rushed away from me, ran across the landing through the door opposite the stairs into the front drawing-room—we had a scuffle in the middle drawing-room, and he tore my shirt—he shot right across the drawing-room to one of the windows—I cannot tell whether he opened it, or whether it was open, because it was dark—he got out on the portico, where I seized him, and prevented him dropping down—I was calling, "Police, police! thieves, thieves!"—he succeeded at last in dropping down from the portico, and I heard some one say, "I have got him"—there was a quantity of plate in the middle drawing-room—I did not miss anything—the house is in the parish of St. Ann, Westminster.






THOMAS WEST
 (policeman, C 58). About two o'clock, on the morning of the 4th, I was on duty in Soho-square, heard a cry of "Police" and went to the front of No. 24—when I got there the drawing-room window was shut—I saw the prisoner open it, and get out on the portico, and Booth after him—I saw Booth take hold of his collar, and in the scuffle he broke away from him, made his escape over the portico, and fell on the pavement—I was four yards off—I let him get on his legs, and then took him into custody—he had not run any distance—I have no doubt he is the man—I took hold of him—he said he was very faint, and begged me to let him sit down—I said I should do no such thing—I kept him in my arms five minutes, till he seemed almost dead, and I then let him sit down on the step of a door, and he appeared to go off as if he was quite dead, quite feeble, as if he had no strength belonging to him, and in about a minute and a half he jumped up, made a rash, and attempted to run away—I ran after him about 400 yards, and did not lose sight of him till he was stopped by another constable—I had had him nearly ten minutes before he ran away—I had observed him sufficiently to make me swear to his identity—I have no doubt the prisoner is the man—I afterwards searched him, and found some lucifers and a knife on him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where was he stopped? A. At the corner of High-street, and Crown-street, and New Oxford-street; they all meet together, and Meux's brewery is at the corner—he got out of Soho-square, along Sutton-street—Mrs. Sherratt's house is between Greek-street and Sutton-street, on the left side of the square, at the bottom.

COURT. Q. How much was he ahead of you? A. Ten yards; I did not lose sight of him a minute at any of the turnings—there was no one else about—there are lights, and there is a light right opposite Mrs. Sherratt's portico—I have no doubt he is the man.




GUILTY
. ** Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

