



698. 




EDWARD SMITH
 was indicted

 for feloniously setting fire to a stack of oats, value 100l.; the property of 



Francis Sherborne.

(The prisoner, upon being called upon to plead to the indictment, stood mute.
MR. M'MURDO, surgeon of the Gaol, and
MR. COPE, the Governor, being examined upon oath, stated that in their opinion the prisoner



was simulating madness, he having held rational conversations with them upon his admission to the Gaol; and upon their evidence the
JURY
found the prisoner not to be insane.
MR. JUSTICE ERLE
therefore ordered a plea of Not Guilty to be entered for him.)

MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






FRANCIS SHERBORNE
. I am a fanner, of Bedfont. The Staines-road runs through my property—I hare a field on the right-side of the Staines-road, from which there is a gate into the turnpike-road—I have four stacks of oats and four of beans there, seven or eight yards from the gate, all pretty close together—there is not a tree near the field, only a low hedge—it is in the parish of Bedfont—on 31st Jan., about five o'clock in the evening, I received information, and found the third rick of the first four on fire—we were unable to put it out, it was entirely burnt down.





JAMES APPLETON
. I am a labourer, of Bedfont. On 31st Jan. I was working in a field about 140 yards from the ricks, about a quarter before fire o'clock—I saw the prisoner in the road, talking to a young woman—as he passed me, he turned and smiled—he went towards Staines; that was towards the ricks—I did not watch him as he passed them, but about a quarter of an hour after, I saw the rick on fire—I stepped over the hedge, and saw him about 150 yards past the ricks, towards Staines—he did not stop as he passed me—I am sure he is the man—I did not see him again till the police fetched roe to the station—after he bad passed the ricks, his back was towards me, but I am certain he is the same man.





WILLIAM BROWNING
. I live at Bedfont. On this Friday afternoon I met the prisoner in the Staines-road, about a quarter of a mile from Mr; Sberborne's field—I saw fire in the distance—I said to him, pointing to the fire, "What is that?"—he said he did not know—I said, "Did you tee it as you passed?" he said, "Yes"—I had no further communication with him, but went on, and found an oat-rick on fire—he had on a black coat and cloth trowsers—he had the same dress when I saw him at the station.

COURT. Q. Was there anything particular that struck you, in his conduct or voice as different from an ordinary passenger? A. No; he appeared extremely poor and shabby, but there was nothing peculiar in his answers or conduct.





THOMAS HIBBERD
. I am fifteen years old. On 31st Jan. I was at play in a field, with William Priest, about 150 yards from the ricks, and saw one of them on fire—I was on the other side of the road from them, nearer to Staines—directly I saw the smoke, I saw the prisoner come out of the gate, and go towards Staines—I am sure he is the man—I told him he had set the rick on fire; he said he had not—I could see all round the field—I went for a policeman, towards London, met one, and returned with him to the fire—I saw the prisoner again not half an hour afterwards.





RICHARD HIBBERD
. I am thirteen years old. I was with my brother, and saw smoke coming from the ricks—I went to the gate and saw the prisoner coming out of the gate from the ricks, and told him he had set the rick on fire—he said he had not—he went on, and my brother went for a policeman—I saw nobody near the rick but the prisoner; if there had been I must have seen them—the ricks were in an open space, with a low hedge between them and the road—I was bird-keeping.






WILLIAM REID
. I am a Major, in Her Majesty's service; I live at Bedfont. On 31st Jan., I was on horseback, and saw Mr. Sherborne's rick on fire—I went there immediately, got a description of a person who had been seen there, and I rode as fast as I could towards Staines—I overtook the prisoner near the Crooked Billet at Staines, about two miles from the rick, and ordered him to stop, as he answered the description of a person who was said to have set a rick on fire—he said he did not do it—I ordered him to return with me; he declined—a policeman came up, and I gave him into custody—he appeared to understand perfectly every thing I said, and appeared quite sane; he answered as any other person would do.





JOHN SMITH
 (policeman, T 190.) I received information from Hibberd—I got a horse and followed the prisoner—I met Major Reid, and gate him information—he went before me, and stopped the prisoner—I took him to the station, but found nothing but some old rags upon him—be gave his name James Smith, and then Edward Smith—he conversed freely and rationally; I saw nothing peculiar in him, either that night or afterwards.

COURT. Q. Did you have any further conversation with him? A. When I took him before the Magistrate he said, "What a great many came up against me!" then he said, "What do you think I shall get for it?" I said "I can't tell:" he said, "Do you think they will give me twenty years for it? "I said I could not tell: he said, "Fourteen or seven, I suppose?" said, "I don't know, my man, it is a very serious crime against you; but I don't know any thing at all about it:" then he said the devil tempted him to do it: I said, "Oh! the devil tempted you, did he?" he said, "Yes; I suppose he did; don't the devil tempt you?" I said, "Oh, yes! he does:" he said, "What do you do then?" I said, "I don't want you to tell me about it," and he said no more about that—he afterwards said, "Your wife was down here to-day, what did she say about me?" (he had seen her at my house on the Friday night, and this was on Monday)—I said she was very sorry for it.

At the conclusion of the evidence of each witness, Mr. Justice Erle asked the prisoner if he had any questions to ask, but he made no answer.





GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

