



438. 




CHARLES HOWARD



, stealing 1 purse, value 4d., 3 shillings, 3 sixpences, 7 pence, 4 halfpence, and 1 farthing; the property of 



Mary Ann Burton, from her person.






MARY ANN BURTON
. I was in the service of Mr. Boulter, a butcher, of Brixton. On the night of 20th Dec., at a quarter or twenty minutes to nine o'clock, I was standing at a shop-window in Newington Causeway, and found myself closely pressed against the shop-window by three men, so that I could not make my way through them; the prisoner is one of them, I am sure—he was as close to me as he possibly could be—I should not know the other two—I asked them to allow me to pass—I missed the weight of my purse from my pocket; they let me pass, and the prisoner ran off—I felt my pocket and missed my purse, which I had had three minutes before—there was 5s. 3 1/4 d. in it—I followed the prisoner, and saw him caught; I did not lose sight of him—he was taken to the station, and while there, Ball brought my purse.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Did you see any one else looking in? A. No; the prisoner had got a yard or two away from me when I felt my pocket; I had a full view of his face when they were close to me—the same light shone on the other's faces, but not so clear as on his—I never saw him before—I can scarcely say I lost sight of him a moment, I was so close to the corner.





ELIJAH KEY
. I live in Devonshire-street, St. Saviour's. On the night of 20th Dec., I saw Burton at a shop-window in Newington Causeway, and three men, the prisoner was one of them, they were pushing against her—she spoke to them, but I could not distinguish what the words were—I was not at the window—the prisoner unfastened her cloak, and took something out of her pocket—he and the others ran away as fast as they could—I am sure he is the person, I did not lose sight of him; I saw him caught.

Cross-examined. Q. How far were you from him when he was caught A. About a yard—I was eight or ten yards from him when he turned the corner, but I was out in the road—Burton's pocket was at the right side of her dress.





EDWARD BALL
 (policeman, M 118). I searched the yard of the Artichoke, and found this purse and its contents, and one shilling and two sixpences lying outside it (produced)





JOSIAH WELCH
 (policeman, A 499). I was on duty in the Causeway, and saw the prisoner running, and Burton after him—she said, "Stop him! he has got my purse"—I followed him, and saw him stopped near the Artichoke Tavern—I heard something like money rattle—it seemed to catch against the wall by the Artichoke—I charged the prisoner with picking a lady's pocket—he said he knew nothing about it.






MARY ANN BURTON

re-examined. This is my purse.




GUILTY
. †** Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years


