





12. 




JOHN SMITH,


 JOHN ROGERS
, and 




JOHN LIND



, stealing, 
10th Nov., 1 watch, value 6l.; ihe property of 



George Williams, from his person.



MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES BRETT
 (City-policeman, 13). On 10th Nov., about half-past 2 o'clock, I was on duty on Ludgate-hill, in company with Rowe—it was on the occasion of the celebration of the fete on Lord Mayor's-day—I saw the prisoners on Ludgate-hill, in company with another man—I did not know them of my own knowledge, I had never seen them before—I saw them all in conversation together—I watched them for about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour—I saw them hustle against several gentlemen—my attention was drawn to them from their appearance and manners—at the bottom of Ludgate-hill by Bridge-street, I saw Rogers look towards the waistcoat-pocket of Mr. Williams, the prosecutor—he immediately turned and spoke to the other three who were behind him—they then all rushed on Mr. Williams; Smith in front, and the other three pushing Smith up behind—that was at the corner of Ludgate hill, on the footpath—I saw Smith put his left arm up against Mr. Williams's breast, with his right hand underneath—he did not lift up Mr. Williams's arm, be pressed it against his breast, and was pushing him backwards, and the other three were pushing him behind—I should say the effect of that would be to take away the use of Williams's arm; I mean it would confine his arm—I then saw Smith with his right band take a silver watch from Mr. Williams, and push immediately into the crowd with Rogers—at the same moment Lind put his band into Mr. Williams's waistcoat pocket—I collared Lind, and took him into custody—he said, "I have not got the watch, let me go, I will show you the man that has got it, they are all gone up there"—he did not point anywhere—I had bold of his hand—he was looking up Ludgate-hill at the time; with that I took him out of the crowd with some difficulty to the station, where I searched him and found 2s. 11d.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. There was a great crowd, was there not? A. Yes, a very great crowd indeed—I was not stationed there, I was anywhere about the procession—there was a greater crowd there than almost in any other part—it was about half-past 2 o'clock when I first observed the prisoners—I was in plain clothes—I was as close to the four of them as I could possibly be at the time this transaction took place, I was touching them—Rowe was somewhere near me—I could not say exactly his position, because in the crowd we were moved about—we were constantly hustled about in the crowd, although this did not take a minute or two altogether, it was. all done directly—I was on Mr. Williams's right hand, I cannot say whether I touched him, I might sometimes have touched him, I was very near to him—I kept close to the prisoners while they were committing the robbery—I saw Smith lift up his left arm—I saw what he did with his right band—I swear that I saw the watch in his right hand—it was a silver watch—I have been in the police just upon ten years.

COURT. Q. Are you a detective officer? A. Yes.





HENRY ROWS
 (City policeman 14.) I am a detective officer, I was on Ludgate-hill, on the day of the celebration of Lord Mayor's day—about half-past two o'clock, I saw the prisoners on Ludgate-hill—I had been in company with Brett, all day—the prisoners were not personally known to me—I watched them something like a quarter of an hour, they were together, with a fourth one—we were induced to watch them from their manner and appearance—after watching them, they went down to the corner of Bridge-street, where they were in conversation together—at that time the prosecutor was turning the corner with a lady on his arm—I saw Smith rush against the prosecutor with his arms up, and the other three pushing him behind—the moment they left him, I saw that his guard was hanging with the swivel of

a watch hanging outside his waistcoat—Smith and Rogers went up Ludgate-hill on the footpath, wedging their way through the crowd—I followed them—I got hold of Smith first—Rogers was a little above my grasp, I pulled him—I got hold of Smith, as he was working his way through the crowd—we had a struggle for three or four minutes, they trying to get away—I seized Smith with one hand, and Rogers with the other—a gentleman came up and took Smith from me, or I should have been obliged to let him go—I took him and Rogers to the station, with the assistance of an officer in uniform, who came up—on searching Smith at the station I found this pair of silver spectacles upon him.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Where were you standing when you saw this? were you with Brett, the whole time? A. Yes; we were shifting about in the crowd—I was standing close behind Smith, when he went up to Mr. Williams—we had been standing close by the side of him, at the corner of Bridge-street.

COURT. Q. You were in plain clothes, I suppose? A. I was.





MARY COX
. I am single, and assist my father who is postmaster, at Plumstead-common—I was with Mr. Williams, on Ludgate-hill, on 10th Nov., but I had been on business at St. Paul's-churchyard—I was with him at the corner of Bridge-street, there was rather a crowd there—the prisoner Smith was in front of us, and he pushed me about two or three times very much indeed—he moved again, pushed me backwards and put his hand to the pocket of Mr. Williams, and I saw the guard and ring of the watch spring from his hand—his hand was closed at the time—I turned and took hold of Lind, thinking Smith had passed the watch to him; and before I accused him of anything he said, "I have not got it, but if you will let me go I will show you the man that has, he has gone up there," pointing at the same time up Ludgate-hill—I held him by the wrist till an officer came up—I did not at first know that he was an officer, as he was not in uniform, and would not let him go till a gentleman came up, and then I gave him into the officer's hands.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Were you standing by the side of Mr. Williams? A. I had hold of his left arm.

COURT. Q. Do you know which pocket the watch was taken from? A. I am not certain but I think it was the left, it was the side next to me—Smith was in front of him and me, and he put him back and put his hand across him—we were next the houses, and he was in front of us with his back towards Bridge-street.





GEORGE WILLIAMS
. I am a carpenter, and live in Prince's-row, Plumstead-common—I was on Ludgate-hill, near Bridge-street, with Miss Cox, on 10th Nov.—I had a watch with me, secured by an India-rubber guard—I carried it in my left waistcoat pocket—while passing the corner of Bridge-street, the prisoners commenced pushing me about—I then saw the ring of my watch spring towards me—I remember Lind and Smith, pushing me about, but not Rogers—I caught hold of Lind, he said "I have not got it, but if you will let me go I will show you the man that has got it, he has run up there"—he then said, "Search me if you like"—Smith said to me while they were pushing against me, "This is like pushing, is it not, governor?"

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—He received a good character.—



Confined Twelve Months.


ROGERS—


NOT GUILTY
.

LIND—


GUILTY
.

Lind was further charged with having been before convicted, in Aug. 1850, to which he pleaded

GUILTY. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.
