




686. 




TIMOTHY O'SHEA
 and 




PATRICK MULCHAREY



, feloniously having in their custody a mould, impressed with the obverse side of a half-crown.—2nd COUNT, the reverse side.


MESSRS. ELLIS
and
CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM SOUNS
. I am a die-sinker, in Rupert-street, Haymarket On Thursday, 23rd Jan., O'Shea came to my house between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning—my son handed me this note, and said, in his presence, that he had received it from O'Shea—(read)—"Sir, I want to know whether you would have the goodness to make a cast for two half-crowns; and if you do, what you will charge; you will be paid liberally and faithfully, and depend upon the strictest secrecy"—I read the note, and asked O'Shea what he wanted—he said a mould to make half-crowns—I appeared surprised, and told him that was decidedly wrong—he said, "We know it is not right, but we want to make them"—he said they wanted to pass them—I asked him to describe what he wanted—he said his comrade was outside, who could explain it better than he could—I requested him to fetch him—he did so, and Mulcharey came in—I said to him, "I suppose you are aware what is wanted here"—he said, "Exactly so"—he said he wanted a steel die made for half-crowns—I asked him if it must be in steel—he said, "O certainly, nothing else"—I made a sketch on paper and showed it him—he said he wanted it large, to make two at once; and he made a sketch with two on it; and he sketched the mode in which the channel was to be made—O'Shea was standing by at the time—Mulcharey described to me the channel that he drew—I undertook to do it, after settling about the price, which I told them would be about 10l.—O'Shea offered me 4l., and said he could get it done for less in Birmingham, but he did not want to go further if I could do it—I at last agreed for the price of 6l.—I then asked them how they came to come to me—Mulcharey

trailed, and said, "You see we found you out"—in subsequent conversation I inquired how they came to me, and they said they had a letter from a person in Ireland to an engraver in the same street—there had been an engraver in that street, but he is dead—they were to come back on Monday, 27th—on the day they first came I went to the police-office and informed the inspector what had taken place—I gave the note and the sketch to the inspector; and in consequence of instructions I went on with the proceeding—on Monday, 27th, Mulcharey came alone, in the morning—I had prepared the mould, and showed him what I had done—in the evening both the prisoners came, and said they wanted it done by Thursday, as they wished to return to Cork—Mulcharey said he should be able to put a great many pounds in my pocket, that they should want a great deal done in that way, and the next mould would be to make sovereigns—I think it was Mulcharey said that—O'Shea was there—the prisoners then came almost daily to watch the progress of the mould—on 7th Feb. O'Shea came alone; he saw the mould; and he presented to me two Bank of Ireland notes, one for 1l., and one for 3l.—he asked me if I would make-some notes of that description—I told him it could be done, and asked him what they were for—he said he could pay the rent to his landlord, and he would make them good—he left the notes with me—I had communicated to the inspector about the note and the sketch; and I did also about these notes—on Monday, 10th Feb., I saw both the prisoners about the notes; they were anxious to have them done very quickly—O'Shea said some of his neighbours were rising rapidly in fortune by forged notes, and he wanted a good supply too—he said that they supplied them at 1s. 6d. each in London and Liverpool, But he did not know exactly where to get them, and he wished to have plates of his own—I showed them the mould at that time, it was nearly finished, and they were to come to try it the next evening, the 11th—on that evening they both came again, and O'Shea brought some tin in his pocket, which he melted in the ladle, and I poured it into the mould—both the prisoners then said that the channel was not sufficiently large to allow the metal to flow quickly—I undertook to alter that by the next day—they went away, and they both came on the next day, Wednesday—O'Shea brought a little more tin, and it was melted again, and the mould tried as before—I was paid the balance for the mould—I bad already received half of it—O'Shea paid me all the money—the balance I received on that Wednesday was 3l., or 3l. 10s.—O'Shea gave, me his address in Ireland—the notes were to be sent there—I was to make the notes entirely, and send them ready made—I was to make a small tool to repair the edges of the half-crowns—they took the mould away with them—I bad arranged with the police, and the prisoners were taken the same day.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Can you give us any idea how O'Shea came to select you? A. No, it was Mulcharey who drew the plan—I told O'Shea it was very wrong—I then went on under the direction of the police—O'Shea made no secret about it—mine is a private house—my workshop is at the back—I had an application of this sort twenty years ago, but I had nothing to do with it.

Mulcharey. I told you that I knew nothing about the notes. Witness. O'Shea alone introduced the notes, and he said to me, "I have not let my comrade know about the notes; I don't think I shall"—I said,

"That is your business"—when you came together, O'Shea produced the notes to me, and I said, "Then your comrade knows about it?"—and he said, "Yes, I told him"—you ordered where the notes were to be sent; you gave the same address that O'Shea had given; and you promised me your patronage.





JOHN STUNT
. I am an inspector of the detective police. On the 23rd Jan., about four o'clock, Mr. Soun came to me about this—he brought me this letter and piece of paper—I waited on Mr. Powell, the solicitor of the Mint—on Monday, the 27th, I went to Rupert-street with Langley—I saw the prisoners enter Mr. Soun's house; they remained nearly an hour; they left, and I and Langley followed them to Orange-street, Paddington; O'Shea went into No. 9—on the 12th Feb., I saw both the prisoners enter Mr. Soun's about six in the evening—when they left I followed them into Regent-street, and near to Air-street I took O'Shea—I told him I was an officer—he resisted very much—I felt there was something in his left-hand waistcoat-pocket—I endeavoured to get it, and with assistance I took this mould from his left-hand waistcoat-pocket—it was wrapped in white paper—I took him to Vere-street station, and found on him seven sovereigns, and half-a-crown in silver, in good money, in a bag next his shirt; the sovereigns were in an inner bag—I went to No. 9, Orange-street, where O'Shea had gone in; I went to the first-floor front room, and saw Langley take from a cupboard some bars of tin.





EDWARD LANGLEY
 (police-sergeant, A 25.) I apprehended Mulcharey on the 12th Feb.—I found on him a pocket-book, with the address "Mr. Ash, 58, Rupert-street, Hay market," on it—I found these tin bars in the room that was pointed out as the lodging of the prisoners.





HANNAH CALLAHAN
. I live at No. 9, Orange-street, Paddington. The two officers came there on the 12th Feb.—I pointed out to them the room the two prisoners occupied.

Cross-examined. Q. Did they both lodge at your house? A. Yes, they said they both came from Ireland—O'Shea came there first, he slept there two nights before Mulcharey came.





WILLIAM WEBSTER
. I am inspector of coin to the Royal Mint. These are the obverse and reverse moulds of two half-crowns.

Mulcharey's Defence. I was taken to the same lodging with this man without any idea but that he was an honest man; I never knew anything contrary to it.
(James O'Shea, the prisoner's brother, gave him a good character.)

O'SHEA—


GUILTY
. Aged 55.


MULCHAREY—

GUILTY
. Aged 52.





Transported Ten Years.

