



853. 




WILLIAM LEE
 was indicted

 for burglary in the dwelling house of 



Henry Robbins, and stealing a metal cup, value 1s.; his property.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN HUDSON
 (policeman, B 80). On Tuesday, 28th June, about half-past 2 o'clock in the morning, I met the prisoner and two others, who I knew, in Queen-street, Pimlico—they were loitering about on the footway—another

constable, who is not here, came out of one of the adjoining streets, and the prisoner and the other two came up to where I was standing—one of them asked a man who was standing there if he could tell them where they could get some coffee; the man said it was too early—they went on past Belgrave-place and over Elizabeth-bridge; I followed, and kept them in sight—when they got over the bridge they separated, and the prisoner turned into Ecclestone-square—I went up to the other two and searched them, which they did not resist, but I was obliged to let them go for want of assistance—I was not in uniform—I went after the prisoner, and when he was just at the corner of the square, I saw him take this cup (produced) from his right hand coat pocket and drop it into the enclosure of the square; he then hurried away as quick as he could—I called him by name, but he would not stop—I pursued him, overtook him, and asked him where he had been; he said he had been up Chelsea, with some friends—I asked him what he had in his pockets; he at first said, "Nothing"—I searched him, and found this instrument (produced) in his pocket; it looks like a dagger made into a screw-driver; it might be used to prise anything open—I also found on him these two knives, broken short—he first said he received them from a man at No. 17, George-street, Pimlico—I asked him the man's name; he said he did not know, nor yet what part of the house he lived in—I took him into custody, and went to No. 17, George-street, but he was not known there—he afterwards said that this weapon belonged to his father, who lived in Gardner's-lane, King-street, Westminster—I did not inquire there—I afterwards went to where I saw him put the cup, and found it there—I afterwards went to Mr. Robbins, and found seven distinct marks on the shutters—I fitted this instrument to them, the marks corresponded with it—failing in forcing open the shutters, they had broken the hinges away from the window-frame—the hasp of the window might be opened with this knife; I tried it myself, and opened it.

Cross-examined by
MR. LAWRENCE. Q. When you took the prisoner, did you say anything about the cup? A. No; the charge I made had nothing to do with the cup, that was an afterthought—I was not on any beat at all—Ecclestone-square is in a direction between Charing Cross and Chelsea.





HENRY ROBBINS
. I keep the Earl Grey public house, at Stanley-bridge, Fulham. This cup is my property; I lost two, but this is the only one found—on Tuesday, 27th June, about half-past 11 o'clock at night, I saw the two drinking-cups safe—I was disturbed about 2 o'clock in the morning by a policeman, and found the shutters wrenched off the sitting-room window, and the window thrown up so that anybody could get in—I missed a cap and the two drinking-cups—the window was quite safe overnight—I have seen the prisoner about the neighbourhood several times, and in my taproom—there were marks under the shutters which exactly corresponded with this instrument—the window fastened with a catch and a little drop-fastening—a penknife put in would remove the catch; the knife produced would do it very well—my house is in the parish of Fulham.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you shut the window yourself the night before? A. Yes




GUILTY
.*† Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.

