




1165. 



WILLIAM LANGFORD
 and 



JOSHUA ARNO
, alias>
SMITH



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Edmunds, and stealing 3 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns, 4 crowns, 8 half-crowns, 10 shillings, 20 sixpences, and 15 groats, 892 yards of satinette, and other goods, value 590l.; his property.


MR. COOPER
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN EDMUNDS
. I reside at 5, Fort-street, in the Liberty of the Old Artillery-ground, and am a silk-manufacturer. On the night of 7th Feb., I retired to bed about eleven o'clock—the doors and windows were all fastened—the window on the staircase on the first-floor was shut, but not fastened—I rose the next morning, between seven and eight—the staircase window was open, and the warehouse, the drawers, and other packet, in great confusion—I missed a great quantity of goods, eight pieces of black satinette, worth about I 1l. a piece, and one piece of blue, value about 1 1l.—after a careful examination of this black satinette dress (produced), and comparing it with my usual goods, I am deliberately of opinion that it is cut off from one of the pieces I had lost—I examined the shute, the warp, and the leasure, and from that I firmly believe it was a piece taken from mine—I have no doubt of it in my own mind.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. IS this the dress? A. Yes, I took it to pieces myself—I was about an hour looking at it—of course when it was first shown to me I had doubts—I said, "I most have it at home, and carefully examine it"—my son examined it with me—at the end of the hour my doubts entirely vanished—I manufacture these goods, and sell them to wholesale warehouses, four or five pieces of these in a week—those ware-houses sell them to other persons—my connections are rather extensive—I make 200 or 300 pieces in a year; about 80 yards in one piece—all these pieces are as they come from the country, and if anything is amiss in them, I make a remark in my book, and against one piece I find entered, "A great number of tight shoots," and on examining this dress, I find it corresponds with that; and there is another mark which makes me almost quite sure it is it—the weaver who made this has been shooting three ends instead of two—this has the tight shoots, and is shot with three ends instead of two.






ANN COOK
. I am servant to Mr. Edmunds. On the afternoon before this robbery, I was standing near the staircase-window, at a little after four o'clock—I saw Arno on the other side of the way, looking up at the window—I was very near the window; I did not go quite close to the glass—I am quite sure he is the man—he then turned himself to the door of a public-house, and appeared to me as if he called a person out—I could not hear what he said—a person, who I believe was Langford, came out and joined him—they entered into conversation for a few minutes, both looking up at the window—I left them there when I went down—next morning, about seven o'clock, I observed that window open—I afterwards went to Stepney station—I saw the officer—I was shown several men, and picked out Langford.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLEBTON. Q. Where was it you saw Arno afterwards, was it before the Magistrate? A. Yes, on another charge—I did not know he was going on the other charge—I did not expect to see the man, but I had told Mr. Edmunds he was a pale-looking young man—he told me the man whom be suspected was up at Guildhall on another charge—I saw the man brought up the stairs into the dock, and as soon as he came up, I said that was the man—the street is rather narrow, and to look at the window he had to hold his face up—it was daylight—I was looking at him while he was opposite for about ten minutes, and I went into the parlour and looked over the blind, and saw him still standing there—I returned to the staircase, and there he was standing looking again—I looked at him, because I could not think what he wanted—I did not see him look at any other part of the house but this window—I have no doubt about him.





HARRIETT BULL
. I am single; I now reside at 25, Orshard-row, Stepney, with my father. I lived with the prisoner for or five years as his wife—his right name is Arno—I recollect his saying they were going to a silk drum; I do not know who he meant—he came home, and said the old man was not in the country yet—I do not know what day this was; it was eleven or twelve weeks ago—about a fortnight or three weeks after that, he asked me to come to Langford'8—on going there, we found him in bed with his wife; it was between seven and eight o'clock in the morning—Arno said to Langford, "Arthur, give Harriet sixteen yards of black satinette"—Langford brought two sixteen yards from a table in the end of the room, put them on a table in the middle of the room, and tore them in two—Arno gave them to me, and I carried them home—while we were there, Langford's wife said she should like a dress of some blue silk, but they said it was too well known, she must not have it—when I took the two sixteen yards of black satinette home, Arno offered one to a young girl that used to come there, for 30s., and she would not buy it—I had the other made up into a dress; this is it—I afterwards gave it to Smith, the policeman—I had to pay Arno 30s. for it, at four times—a young woman who is outside saw me pay him the money.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRT. Q. Have you been advised to change your dress before you came as a witness here? A. No; I have the same bonnet and shawl, and the same dress that I had when I was at the Police-court—no one has said to me, "How could you get a silk dress or a satin dress by shirt-making?"—I had not a satin dress on when I was before the Grand Jury, or at the Police-court—I had not a satin dress and a satin polka on—I had this bonnet and this boa on—the Grand Jury asked me how I came to get a silk dress out of shirt-making—this is the only silk dress I had—I never had but three charges against me in any part of the country—I have been in a public-house with the police, and drank with them, because the prisoner's sister and his companions have threatened my life wherever I

have been—that is why I have drank with sergeant Smith—he has offered me a drop of ale once or twice; he has paid for it—he has called on me once or twice at my father's—I have not drank with him at my father's—I hare not received any money—Arno's friends have offered me money to go out of the way, and I would not do it—I have not received any for payment of expenses.

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. Have you heard of any reward in this case? A. No; I heard Arno read one once, but I did not know what it was—he was passing a house, and read the bill, and said he would like to go and have the money—I cannot read, I have forgotten it—the young woman that Arno offered one of the pieces of satinette for sale to, used to come backwards and forwards—I do not know her name, only Esther.

Q. Was it not Esther Phillips? A. She has gone by that name; that is not her right name; I do not know her right name; she is called other names—she did not live close by me—I lived at Bethnal-green, and she lived at 9, White Horse-lane, Stepney—she is the person that I gave the name of Esther Phillips to in the last case—she is the person I was with when I was fined 10s.—I have seen her here to-day, and been in her company—she was the person the prisoner offered the dress to—she saw me pay the first 10s.; it was all in shillings, there were no sixpences—I paid it in my own room where I lived, at Mrs. Turner's, between five and six o'clock—no one else was present—Arno said he would get me a satin dress—I said nothing—I worked at shirts for the money I paid—I was to pay 30s., and I paid 10s.—I never worked at anything else but shirts—I worked for Mrs. Glasscott, at Bromley, for years, off and on—I have earned many 10s. of her.

Q. Did you earn that 10s. from her? A. No, I did not earn it from any one—I worked for Mrs. Glasscott, and had money from her several times.

COURT. Q. You said you earned that 10s. by work? A. I worked at shirts several times—I did not work foe that 10s.—I did not say I got that by working for her—if I have a right to tell, I got it by thieving; he made me do it—he has ill-used and beat me to go out thieving, and bring him the money home; he cannot deny it.





JAMES TONQUAT
. I am a weaver, and live in Oakey-street. I let downstairs room in my house to Langford—one morning I was coming out, and I saw the prisoner Arno knocking at the door—I never knew him before—I did not see him go in—one day I was going up to my own place, and saw Arno coming out of the street-door—I did not see him come out of the room—I never saw him and Langford go out together.





WILLIAM SMITH
 (police-sergeant, K 28). I received this gown from. Harriet Bull.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you treated Bull to anything at any time? A. Yes, she may have had a glass or two of ale to keep her out of the way of the prisoner's friends—I do not know Esther Phillips by that name—there is a girl outside whose name is Ann Smith, I believe.

JURY
to
JOHN EDMUNDS. Q. Had you ever sold any satinette shot with three threads to any houses? A. Not that I am aware of; not within the last year—my orders to the weavers are to shoot two ends—I dare say I may have sold pieces with tight shoots and three ends.

LANGFORD—


GUILTY
. **

ARNO—


GUILTY
. ** Aged 21.





Transported for Ten Years.

