



702. 



JOSEPH GRAY



, feloniously receiving 9 watches, 5 watch cases, and other goods, value 155l.; the goods of 



William Langford.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





EDWIN LANGFORD
. I am the son of William Langford—he lives at No. 53, Broad-quay, Bristol, and is a chronometer and watch maker—I was living with him in Feb. last—I was at home on the night of 21st Feb.—the property, a portion of which I have since seen, was all safe that evening—in the course of that night the premises were broken open, and in the morning we missed property to the amount of from 2,700/. to 3,000l—it consisted of 120 gold watches, 100 silver watches, and 100 or more gold chains, and seven gold job watches—my father offered a reward of 200.—we did not succeed in obtaining any information between that time and 21st April—about that time I came to London, and went to the house of Henry Webster, a watch maker, No. 7, Albert-terrace, Camden-town—in consequence of an application of mine to him, he showed me some watches, and amongst them was one that I knew—after some conversation with him, I agreed to purchase that watch—I got it into my possession; I paid 9l. 10s. for it—this is it—it is one that was stolen from my father's house on the night of 21st Feb.—in this part, where the maker's name is usually placed, the name has been taken out, and a new number put on it—there is no name on it now—the plate has been reduced—the name on it was "William Langford, Broad-quay, Bristol"—I did not see any other of the watches we had lost at Mr. Webster's then—having purchased this watch, I came away—I went again on the following Tuesday, the 24th; I went alone—I did not find any more of my father's property on that second occasion—I went again on the following day, and by my instruction Jackson and Mason followed me in and searched the house, and in a little nest of drawers on Mr. Webster's work board, I found two gold cases and two movements belonging to the cases—these are them—I have put them together since—the original names have been taken out, and other names put on, and the numbers have been altered, by making "1" into "4," and "2" into "8"—that was all we found—Webster was taken into custody, and taken to the police court—he was afterwards admitted to bail, and then examined as a witness—on Thursday, 26th April, I went with Jackson to the house of a watchmaker named Bartman, No. 50, Compton-street, Clerkenwell—I there found five gold cases and four parts of movements—I am able to identify them as a portion of the property my father losfc—Bartman gave an account of where he got them from—these are them—I have here got the watches and parts of watches that we found at Bartman's

—all of them except one are deficient of the parte on which the names are usually put, or at least where they were put on these cases—I am able to Bay that these watches have had my father's name on them, "William Langford, Broad-quay"—one of them was deficient of the pillar plates, but they were found at Webster's—from what I learned, I went the same night to the house of Gray—Bartman and Jackson went with me—Gray lives on Clerkenwell-green—he carries on the business of a jeweller's tool dealer—he has a shop—there seemed nothing but tools—Gray was at home—Jackson and I and Bartman went as far as the end of the churchyard, iind left Bartman in custody of a constable—Bartman had the watches in tin boxes—Jackson and I went to the iron sate leading to the side door of the house, and Mr. Gray answered it—Mr. Jackson said he wanted to speak to him—he opened the gate, and I said, "I want to buy some crossing files"—that was to get into the shop—he showed us into the shop, and Jackson put the following questions to him: "Have you any watchest" he said, "No"—"Have you had any lately?" he said, Not for many months"—I then gave him into the custody of Jackson—Jackson put the questiont to him again, and told him he was an officer, and he gave the same answers, negatives to all the questions—Jackson then told me to open the front door—I opened it, and called Bartman in, and Jackson said, "Mr. Bartman, from whom did you have those watches you have in the box?" he said, "From Mr. Gray"—Gray said, "Oh, I remember now, I did give then to him"—we then searched the house, but found nothing else—he was then taken to the police court—all the property produced is a portion of what we lost—there are six watches from the north of England, which have been altered—they were sold by Mr. Webster.





HENRY JACKSON
 (police-sergeant, H 11). I accompanied Mr. Langford in search of this property—on Wednesday evening, 25th April, I went to Mr. Webster 8, in Albert-terrace, Camden-road—I have seen the property that the last witness has identified—that is the property found there—I assisted in searching Mr. Webster's premises, and brought away the property identified by Mr. Langford—on the evening of the 26th 1 went to the house in Compton-street, occupied by Bartman—he produced this property to us, and gave an account of it—in consequence of what was disclosed there, I went the same evening to the house of the prisoner, about 9 o'clock—I went into the shop with Mr. Langford, and saw Mr. Gray—I asked him if he had any watches altered, or sent any to be repaired in any way—he said, no, he had not—I was in plain clothes, but I disclosed to him that I was an officer—I said, "Be very careful, Mr. Gray; I am an officer belonging to the police; I will ask you again;" which I did, and he said, no, he had not had any watches in his shop for four months—Mr. Langford then undid the front door—the shop was shut at that time—I called Mr. Bartman in—he came, and brought in this tin box—I asked Mr. Bartman of whom he had those watches—he pointed to Mr. Gray, and said, "I had them of Mr. Gray"—I then told him he must consider himself in my custody—I asked him if he had any bills or invoices of either of them—he said, no, he had none—I asked him of whom he purchased these watches—he said, "I bought them one or two at a time, over the counter; I do not know who I bought them of—I took him to the station, and he was afterwards taken before the Magistrate—he was bailed after the examination, and after he got outside he gave a description of a man of whom he said he bought them—from the description he gave me, I told him I knew the man

very well—he had been in custody before—he could not recollect the name, but he afterwards told me the name—I made arrangements to meet him at Spital-square station at 3 o'clock in the afternoon—I met him, and we went down to a public house in Cambridge-heath-road—he went inside with his friend, Mr. Symons, a gentleman who bailed him, and the sergeant and I remained outside, at the corner of the house—he was in, it might be three or four minutes, when he came out, and said, "There is one of the men just gone along; he is the man that took the money for the watches"—I said, "Why did not you follow him out and give him in charge directly, as you had a very good opportunity?"—I had not an opportunity of seeing the man that he represented then, but I did afterwards—Mr. Gray said, "I think I know where he is gone to; I think I can find him"—I said, "We will follow behind you, and will go into the public house, the Gossett Anns, in Gosseti-street, and remain there;" and as sergeant Mason and I were going down Montague-street we saw three persons in close conversation, Mr. Symons and Mr. Gray, with a short man—we went about ten paces round the comer, and I told Mason to stop there—in about a minute or two Mr. Symons came round the corner, and he said, "That is the man; that is the man; go and take him"—I saw two men walking up the street, about thirty yards off—one, I have no doubt, was Mr. Gray—I told Mason to make haste up; if that was the man he might get him—Mason ran up, and, just as we got within about sixty yards, Gray said, "That is the man; I have lost him."

COURT. Q. You saw two men, and one was Gray? A. Yes—we followed them, and lost sight of both of them, because they went round a corner to the right—I saw Mr. Gray again at the corner of the turning—he came back, and said, "That was the man; I have lost him"—I said, "If that was the man, why did not you give him in charge when we passed you so close just now?"

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had you before passed the man that Gray pointed out? A. Yes, passed close to his elbow—I said, "Why did not you give him in charge when we passed you just now?"—I said, "He can't have gone far; he can't have run away"—Mason said he must have seen him round the corner, and he did not see him—Gray said he knew the house where the man lived, and he pointed it out to us, and we went and sat in the house till 4 o'clock in the morning—we have not found him since—the name he mentioned was Day—the house is in Cambridge-heath-road—that was not the same person that I stated I knew—Gray and his friend then went home.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. They remained as long as you did? A. I think they did; they might go a very few minutes before—Qray had been bailed—I cannot recollect whether he went before Symons or no"t—he said afterwards that it was my fault that this man escaped—he said, "Why did you not take him?"—I said, "How was I to know he was the man?"—I said it was his fault that I did not take him—he did not say that was a lie—he said he was so flurried at the time that he did not know what to do—I had arranged to meet Gray at the station in Spital square—when he got there I was not there—I was there a few minutes afterwards—I was there between 3 and 4 o'clock—I do not think it was nearer 4 than 3 o'clock—I was not in a public house playing billiards then—Mason, and myself, and Gray, and Symons, went to the Gossett Arms—I think we had a game at bagatelle—it was too early to go down to this place—it might

have been 7 or 8 o'clock; I cannot recollect exactly the time—I suppose we might have been there half an hour—it was between 7 and 8 o'clock in the evening.

COURT. Q. Was it before you saw Gray and Symons and the third man standing in the street? A. Yes.

MR. BALLANTNE. Q. But did not Gray come and find you at the public house? A. Yes—the arrangement was that he should come to us.

Q. When he got to the house where you were playing bagatelle, did he not want you to come with him at once, and did you not tell him to wait till you had finished your game? A. It might have been said so, if the game was not quite finished—I do not say that I did not say so—those words might pass—I will not Bay one way or the other—I might have said so—I think we had two games—we were waiting for them coming back.





JAMES MASON
 (police sergeant, S 25). I was with the last witness on the occasion when we went to Webster's—I did not go to Gray's house—I went with Gray and the last witness and Symons to Bethnal-green, on Friday, 27th April—we met at the Spital-square station, about 3 o'clock in the afternoon—we went to a public house where sergeant Jackson and Gray agreed we should meet—we then went into the neighbourhood of Bethnal-green-road, I think Cambridge Heath-road—we went to a public house——I think the man's name that kept it was Hunter—I think it was the Red Deer, or Rein Deer—I am a perfect stranger in that neighbourhood—Gray left us, and went into the house—it was arranged that if he saw the person there that sold him the watches, he should come outside and speak to him under the lamp in front of the house—he went in the house, and remained a few minutes—it was about 9 o'clock at night, or getting towards 9—we were waiting and watching for him and the man to come out—presently he came out to us—we were a short distance off—he said, "I saw the man in the house, but he has disappeared; his place is vacant, and he has left his glass of what he was drinking standing on the table"—we then remained some time, and he was making inquiries with regard to a person named Day—that was the first time I had heard the name of Day—he said he kept a small tea shop, or was a dealer in tea—I went with him, and he made some inquiries with respect to finding this person named Day—he found the address of the man Day, and after waiting some time it was agreed that Gray and Symons should go to another public house to look for Day—I think the public house was the sign of the Panther—I do not know the name of the street—he was to look for Day, or the person he had first named to us—sergeant Jackson and I followed him, and passed the public house, and near the public house we saw three persons in conversation, the prisoner and Symons, and a third person unknown to us—I was very close to them; in fact if I had put my hand out, I could have touched them—we went about twelve paces beyond them, and turned the corner of a street—after remaining there somewhere about a minute, I should say, Symons came round the corner, and said, "That was one of the men"—Jackson and I followed in the direction where Gray and the other person were going—they went in the opposite direction to that in which we had come—I then started and ran—I could see two persons walking, perhaps sixty paces ahead of me, and they were very near the corner of the street at that time—I ran to the corner and met Gray coming down the street—I turned the corner—they had disappeared from my view; and I met Gray coming towards the corner—I said, "Where has the man gone to?"—he said, "He

started off and ran; he has gone ont at the end of the street; he ran as hard as he could"—I said, "Why did you not stop him, or detain him?"—he said, "I could not do so, he ran away before I was aware of it"—I said, "If you had attempted to hare detained him, I should have been at your elbow in an instant, I could have caught him"—he said, "He ran away quite unawares, I had no idea he was going to run"—at that time Jackson and Symons came up, and the prisoner proposed to go to Day's house, and wait for his return—we went there and waited till about 4 o'clock in the morning—he never came in—at that time we left—we gave up the search and the inquiry—if when we passed them in the street, I had been told to take him, I could have taken him with a great deal of ease.

Cross-examined. Q.. Were you not told by Gray that when three persona came out of the public house you were to take the third? A. No, he did not mention a third person—he did not say that if a stranger came out of the public house with him and Symons I was to take him—he did not put it in that way—I saw him speak to Bay near the Panther—I did not see him come out of the Panther—I knew Gray was going to the Panther—he did not say before he went in the Panther, that if we saw him and Symons with a third person, we were to take the third person; he never mentioned such a thing to me nor to Jackson—I saw a third person in company with Gray and Symons—I did not exactly expect that that third person would be the man, because that person did not answer the description of the person—he described him as being a tall man, and the third man as a short man, something like Jackson—the other man was a tall man; DeVaux—the prisoner was to meet us at the Spital Square station—three o'clock was the time, I think; we were a little after—it was between 3 and 4 o'clock, and then he was to come to us at another public house—Jackson amused himself with a game at bagatelle; I was sitting looking on—I believe the landlord played with him; it was just to while away the time—I do not know whether Jackson staid to finish the game—I went out—Gray might say, "Come along at once," and Jackson might say, "Stop till we finish the game," but I went out.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know the Gossett Arms That is the name of the house, now you mention it.





HENRY WEBSTER
. I live in the City-road—I did live in Albert-terrace, Camden-town—I have known the prisoner since Sept or Oct.; I cannot say to a week—I only came to town in Sept—I purchased some gold watches of him about 6th or 7th March—to the best of my belief I bought these nine gold watches (looking at them) of him—they were all bought at the same time, and three more; twelve altogether—here are six here that I sold in my journey in the north—I saw Mr. Langford at my house on 21st April—I sold him a watch, which is among the lot that is before me—this is it—it is one I bought of Gray—I afterwards received from him some name plates; that would be some time afterwards—I would not say whether these are them (looking at some) or not—I did not take particular notice of them—they were given me by Mr. Gray to gild, but they were not in a state to gild; they wanted smoothing up to gild—they had been filed and were rough—I do not know how many there were; I never counted them—the name of the maker is placed sometimes in one part, sometimes in another—this is the part that is rough in these plates; it appears in both parts.

Q. Are you able to say whether there appears to have been a filing out of anything? A. It evidently has that appearance—I had not looked at them when they were handed to me by the prisoner—they were wrapped in

a brown paper parcel—those were the plates I received from Gray—I think I afterwards saw the prisoner before I was apprehended—I said the plates were not in a fit state for gilding and I should not do them.

Cross-examined. Q.. Those six from the north, hare You beard anything about them before? A. They were shown to me by Mr. Langford and sergeant Jackson—I did not tell the officer when I was taken that there were ax watches I had disposed of in the north—they had got my books, and papers, and all—I cannot tell whether those six were produced before the Magistrate—I know I saw them here last Session—to all appearance there has been something erased in these plates—I did not do it myself—I did not erase anything—I did not buy these plates—I do not know whether there was anything erased on the watches I bought—they are just in the game state as I bought them in that respect, with the exception of two or three that I sold, and the parties wished to have their names on them—I am a large purchaser of watches—I very often see that the names have been erased—it is nothing uncommon to buy watches with the names erased—it is not unusual for me or others to buy such a quantity of watches—such quantities are bought at sales, and of different dealers—I have often bought as many as these, and a great many more than these—I have, perhaps, not bought quite so large a lot at a time—50l. or 60l. worth I have bought—I have bought at Jackson's, and Debenham and Stan's—I have bought 50l. or 60l. worth at those places, and there are places in the City where a lot of watches are sold—they are sold in numbers of places—they are sold by auction and sold openly—sometimes there is no name on them—sometimes another name is put on—that is what they call new christening a watch—they do that because they do not like some name, and they have another name put on them—it is Tery frequently done in country watches, they put on London makers' names to give them greater value—I considered there was nothing suspicious in the transaction—I gave 90l. for the twelve watches—the prisoner is a dealer in took—the first transaction I had with him, I bought some tools of him—I have known him to deal in watches—I saw some watches hang' in his window, and asked to look at them.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. The effect of altering the name would be to induce persons in the country to buy them? A. Many customers in the country like either to have a watch without a name, or with a good name—either a good name, or their own name.





GEORGE BABTMAN
. I live at No. 5, Compton-street, Clerkenwell, and am a watch maker. I know the prisoner; I work for him occasionally—I received these parts of watches that have been produced by Mr. Langford from him—they are not in the state that I had them—there were five gold cases, and part of four movements, which were given up to the prosecutor.

COURT. Q. In what respect were those movements deficient? A. Of the top plates, and some of the wheels.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. From whom did you have those You gave up? A. From Mr. Gray—I was to put them together—I was waiting for the remainder of the ports, to put them together—Mr. Gray said he would bring me the remainder, to put together—I can hardly tell when these were brought to me—he is in the habit of bringing me a great deal of work—I should say I had had them a fortnight or three weeks, or it might be a month—he is in the habit of bringing some work and taking other work away.
(John James William Symons, of Gravesend; Edward Parker, a watch find chronometer hand maker, of Seckforde-street; William Whitelock, a



jeweller, of Clerkenwell; Thomas Cotton, a watch and chronometer maker, of Red Lion-street; Andrew Page, a gold finisher, of Corporation-row; Benjamin Clarke, a butcher, of Clerkenwell-green; David Whiffin, a baker, of St. John-street-road; John Dix, an undertaker, of Clerkenwell-green; Thomas Partridge, a jeweller, of Woodbridge-street; William Dewsnap, a cutler, of St. John-square; John Bowley, a publican, of Ray-street; William Kelly, a case gilder, of Red Lion-street; George Groom, a jeweller, of Thavies-inn; and William Wright, a jeweller, of Brewer-street, Clerkenwell, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY.—Strongly recommended to mercy by the Jury, on account of his



Previous character.—


Transported for Fourteen Years
.
