





284. 




THOMAS MUNNS,



 ELIZA MUNNS
, and 



ESTHER MUNNS



, feloniously having in their custody a mould with the impression of a sixpence.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
POLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-inspector). On Friday, 24th Dec, I went to No. 32, Clerkenwell-green, about 11 o'clock in the forenoon, accompanied by three officers—I went to the third floor front room—the room door was locked; Nevill broke it open, and he and I rushed in—the other two officers followed immediately—when I got in, Thomas Munns rose up from a table, at which he had been sitting—he seized Nevill by the coat, and resisted most violently—the other two prisoners and two or three children were in the room—at that time, I saw the two female prisoners, who were also sitting at the table, throw the things in all directions over the floor—there was a mould, a pair of scissors, and several other things that I saw that I did not pick up—they did not relate to this case, such as a basin and saucers—at that time Evans seized Eliza Munns, and Maskell seized Esther Munns—in the struggle, I saw Eliza Munns drop this sixpence, with plaster of Paris sticking to it, which was wet—it is a good one, and I believe she left her grasp of the officer's arm, where the mark is still perceptible—at that time, Nevill overpowered Thomas Munns, and threw him on a bed in the room, and I proceeded to search behind a little glass case which stood on the mantelshelf broken, where I found this half of a mould, which has on it the head half of a sixpence; and on the hearth, near the fireplace, I found the other half of the mould, which both put together form the mould for a sixpence—while I was so engaged, Thomas Munns called me by name; he said, "Mr. Brannan, I will not resist any more; you have got all you want, you have got me to rights; don't hurt my wife, my children know nothing about it; if you will come here, you will find a few sixpences in this drawer"—the drawer in question was in an old chest of drawers, near the bed where he laid—I proceeded to it, and in it I found nine counterfeit sixpences, which I produce—they are in an unfinished state—I returned to the table, and on the table I found three more counterfeit sixpences, two shillings, and three files, with white metal in their teeth; and on the hearth, near the fireplace, this ladle (produced), with a small portion of metal in it, hot, but not in a state of fusion—in a cupboard in the room I found some bluestone and silver sandon a temporary shelf, close to the mantelshelf, I found a galvanic battery charged with acid, which I produce—when I went into the room, I saw Mrs. Munns dip her hand into a basin of water, and in that hand I found this portion of plaster of Paris, in a soft state.

Cross-examined by
MR. J. W. PAYNE. Q. When you went into the house the street door was open? A. It was—the room door was broken in through a mistake on the part of the officer—the bolt of the door was sprung; I could not tell whether it was shot out by the breaking of the door, I could not see the inside—I was not in my police dress—I had not asked Thomas Munns

any questions before he recognised me—there was no time for that—neither of the officers were in the police dress—I and Nevill went into the room together—both of the women were sitting at the far side of the table from the door, and the man was sitting at the side nearer the door; all apparently engaged at the table—the man was sitting with his back towards me—the chest of drawers were inside the door, close to a bed—Mrs. Munns put her hand into some water, and in that hand was some plaster of Paris and a sixpence, which was dropped into the water—I saw her hand before it was put in the water—she had something in her hand, which I could see, through the joints of her fingers, it appeared white—the man said, "Don't hurt my wife; the children know nothing about it."





JAMES NEVILL
 (policeman, G 152). I accompanied Brannan to the room—I forced the door open by two blows—there was something which resisted—I did not notice the fastenings of the door when I got in—on my going in the male prisoner seized me, and resisted violently till I overpowered him and threw him on the bed—he called to Mr. Brannan, and said, "You have got me to rights, I will not resist any more"—there was a good deal of confusion in the room.

Cross-examined. Q. Was there a boy there, Henry Munns? A. There was a boy there, I do not know his Christian name—I did not hear him say anything—he was taken and discharged—I did not notice the man saying anything about his wife and children.





THOMAS EVANS
 (policeman, G 145). I went with the inspector and the other officers to the prisoner's room—I saw the woman turning from the table towards the mantelpiece—she knocked down several pictures and things that were on the mantelpiece—she succeeded in knocking down several things; I went up and laid hold of her—I noticed one of her hands was covered with white plaster of Paris, which was wet—while I was with her I went towards the window—I heard the man ask her, "Have they got them both?"—she said, "Yes"—I did not hear what answer he made—the officers had then taken possession of most of these things—I found a counterfeit sixpence on the mantel piece, which I produce—I found a counterfeit sixpence on the drawers; and in the ashes, under the grate, I found a piece of metal.

Cross-examined. Q. You went expecting to find something there? A. Yes





WILLIAM HENRY MASKELL
 (policeman, A 403). I accompanied the other officers to the prisoner's lodging—I saw the two female prisoners knocking the things off the table on to the floor—I saw the woman rise towards the mantel piece, and she was immediately taken into custody by Evans—I took hold of the younger female, and I had some difficulty in taking her from the table to the other end of the room—I then perceived that her right hand was closed—I asked her what she had—she said she had nothing—I forced her hand open, and found in it a counterfeit shilling, which I produce.





WILLIAM WEBSTER
. I am inspector of coin to the Royal Mint. This is a perfect mould, and nine or ten of these sixpences have been cast from it—here is a good sixpence, with plaster of Paris on it; they were then forming another mould from it—it is also a pattern of this mould—these files are such tools as are used for filing off the get—this plaster of Paris has been in water; it is the material of which the moulds are composed—this battery is used for the purpose of electro-plating the coins when made—this metal is the same as that of which the coins are cast—this ladle has been used for the purpose of melting the metal, and some of the same metal is in it—these

shillings are counterfeit, and from one mould—this silver sand is used in coining.

THOMAS MUNNS—


GUILTY
. Aged 41.—


Transported for Ten Years.


ELIZA MUNNS—GUILTY. Aged 41.—



Confined Twelve Months.
ESTHER MUNNS—


NOT GULTY
.
