



566. 



HENRY LEACH



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William White, and stealing 1 watch and other articles, value 5s. 12s. 6d.; his property: having been before convicted.


MR. O'BRIEN
conducted the Prosecution.






HARRIET WHITE
. I am the wife of William White, of 7 1/2, Clarendon-place, Somers-town—we occupy the first-floor; it is in the parish of St. Pancras—on Monday, 20th Jan., I went out at half-past two o'clock—I locked my door, and took the key with me—I did not leave any one in my part of the house—I returned at a quarter before five—I found my

door, which bad been locked, was open—I missed a watch, two coats, a pair of trowsers, two waistcoats, and a black silk handkerchief, worth between 5l. and 6l.—I saw them safe when I left home; I have not seen them since.

Cross-examined by
MR. HOGGINS. Q. Did you open the drawers? A. Yes; I do not know how the door had been opened—the lock goes as it always did—a man named Knowles has lived in the house nearly twelve months; I do not know that he has been convicted of theft; we have found him very honest—there are two Knowles's—Thomas Knowles is a man not like the prisoner, he is tall and thin—I do not know whether I left him at home when I went out—he lives with his mother; they are still living there.





MART ANN CORRICK
. I live at 7 1/2, Clarendon-place, on the secondfloor, with my father and mother. I saw the prisoner at Mrs. White's on a Monday, three weeks ago, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon—I was going down-stairs, and he was knocking at Mrs. White's door—I went down into the kitchen, and when I came up again I saw him coming along the passage from Mrs. White's part of the house—he had a bundle under his arm—his face was towards me—I saw him twice—I am sure he is the man—I saw him again at the Magistrate's last Monday—Mrs. White took me to see him; I recognized him in the Court.

Cross-examined. Q. Do yon know Thomas Knowles? A. No; Mrs. White told me I was going to the station, to see if I could see the prisoner.





JAMES CORRICK
. I live in Mrs. White's house; she occupies the first-floor—three weeks ago to-day I saw the prisoner in Clarendon-place, opposite Mrs. White's; he walked up and down, and looked at the houses opposite; that was half-past three o'clock—I had seen Mrs. White go out before—in about twenty minutes I saw the prisoner come out of Mrs. White's, with a bundle—I did not see him come out, but some children said, "That man has come out of the house; I think he is a thief"—in consequence of that I took particular notice of him—I have no doubt he is the man—he had no bundle when I first saw him.

Cross-examined. Q. When he looked at the houses opposite, his back was towards you? A. I saw the side of his face—when he came out of the house, he turned round, and I saw his face—I know Thomas Knowles; he occupies the second-floor back-room.

MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Is he like the prisoner? A. There are two of them; one is about the same height as the prisoner, only he has got the small-pox—the prisoner is not one of the Knowles's.





CHARLES KEMP
 (policeman, S 81). On Sunday, 2nd Feb., I saw the prisoner and two others in Seymour-street—I watched them—they saw me, and the prisoner and another ran away—I pursued the prisoner; and as I was coming near him, I saw him drop this jemmy, wrapped in a piece of paper—I took him, and found on him a key and some matches: and where I took him I picked up a piece of wax-candle—he was asked at the station his name and address, which he refused to give then—in the morning he gave his name, Henry Leach, Hackney-road, but he did not know the name of the place—the key I found has not been tried to Mrs. White's door—the lock has been altered since.






JOHN THORP
 (policeman, G 193). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction at Clerkenwell, by the name of Thomas Harris—(read—Convicted Oct., 1847, and confined six months)—he is the man.




GUILTY
.**—


Transported for Seven Years.

