



396. 



SAMUEL DANDY
 was indicted

 for feloniously shooting at 




William Veale, with intent to murder him.—2nd COUNT, with intent to do grievous bodily harm.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM VEALE
. I live in Acacia-road, St. John's-wood, and am a cowkeeper. On Monday night, 23rd Feb., about 20 minutes past 7 o'clock, I was in the Edgeware-road, about half a mile beyond the fourth mile stone—I passed a man with a white coat and a cap on—I believe the prisoner is the man, but I cannot swear to him; his face was towards the hedge—he walked after me about seventy or eighty yards—I think he was not more than a yard from me—I thought he was going to speak, and looked round—he put his right hand down before him, looked rather towards the hedge, walked on much faster, and passed me—I came on towards London—when I got within about forty or fifty yards of the third mile stone, I heard some one walking behind me quite close to me, and when he came close to me he fired—I think, by the sound of the feet, the person must have been within a yard of me at the time—the flash came round my face, and I was struck just behind the ear with the shots—I think there were at least twenty shots fired into my head—there were three or four taken out of my ear—I bled a good deal—I was stunned, and staggered into the road—I then ran about thirty yards towards London, and I saw some person coming towards me, and I looked up the road and saw a man in a white coat about seventy or eighty yards from me—I did not see any other person between him and me—I told the person I met that I was shot, and said there was the man up the road—I do not recollect that he made me any answer, but he kept on; I thought he might be going after the man, but I did not see anything more of him—I went as fast as I could to Kilburn, to Mr. Deacon's, a friend's house there, and he went with me to a doctor—as I was going I met a policeman—I told him the particulars, and I believe he went to see for the man—I was examined by the surgeon

—it was ten days before I got well—I do not know the prisoner at all—I was examined before the Magistrate, and heard the Magistrate ask the prisoner whether he had any question to put to me—I think the answer he made was, "All that the gentleman has stated is quite true."

JURY. Q. Was it light or dark at the time? A. Quite dark, and there were some high trees just at the place where I was shot, which made it still darker.





ZACHARIAH HOLLIER
 (police-sergeant, S 27). I took the prisoner into custody at Newport Pagnell, in consequence of a description I had received from inspector Chambers, I went on horseback, and at two or three places on the road I heard of such a man, but did not see him till I got to Newport Pagnell, which is fifty-one miles from London—I was stopping in the street to make inquiry and saw the prisoner coming down the town—I turned into a public-house yard, and stood in the gateway till he came up—I then stopped him, and said, "Where do you come from?"—he said, "From Melton Mowbray"—I said, "What is your name?"—he said, "Charles Williams"—I said, "I am an officer, and you must consider yourself in my custody"—I took him into the public-house, and told him I apprehended him for shooting a gentleman at Kilburn—he said several times, "Oh, you must make a mistake"—I said, "Whether it is a mistake or not, I shall take you back to London"—I said to him, "You lived in this neighbourhood once, did not you?"—he said, "Yes, I did; I lived at the Rev. Mr. Townsend's"—I took him to the station, searched him, and found on him this pistol (produced)—it was loaded with powder and shot; and I found on him a paper containing shot, and a paper containing powder and percussion caps, a penny, a comb, a glove, and an old handkerchief—I brought him to London by the railway—I went to Mr. Veale's house, and saw the surgeon extract this shot (produced) from his ear—I should say it is the same kind of shot that the prisoner had on him—I think it is a No. 5 shot—I was at Bushey on the previous Friday to this, and I fancy I saw the prisoner then; I will not be positive.





THOMAS LISNEY
. I live at Crickle wood, which is near Kilburn, and am a journeyman smith. On Monday, 23rd Feb., about half past 3 o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came to my shop, brought a pistol, and asked me to unscrew the barrel of it—I did so, and gave it him again—he commenced cleaning it, and in cleaning the nipple, he broke a worsted needle in it—he said, "I have b—it now"—I told him I could unscrew the nipple, and I did so, and cleaned it—he stayed at my place till between 5 and 6—I asked him 1s. for cleaning it—he said, "Not now, I have been out of place, I will give it you when I come this way again"—he gave the name of Herrington—I asked him how he came to buy the pistol, as he had been out of place—he said he had had it by him a long time—I fired the pistol off with powder only—this is the same pistol—I heard, the same evening, of Mr. Veale having been shot, and I described the prisoner to a policeman.

COURT. Q. Where did you get the powder from that you tried it with? A. The prisoner had powder and shot—I did not pot any shot in it.





JAMES WEBB
 (police-sergeant, S 16). On Thursday, 26th Feb., I was on duty at Portland-town station-house, and saw the prisoner brought there in custody—I sent the sergeant that brought him, to see for Mr. Veale, and while he was gone the prisoner spoke to me—I was writing at a desk—I did not ask him any question, he spoke himself—he said, "Is the gentleman dead that I shot?"—that was the first observation he made—I said, "He is not"—he then said, "If I had stopped in the country I should have done as I ought to have done, but my brothers and sisters were in London, in good service; it is horse racing that has ruined me"—I asked him if he had not lived with Mr. Townsend, of Newport Pagnell—he said he had, and he afterwards

said, I think the words were, "I should not have done as I have done if he had paid me my wages"—I said, "Who?"—he said, "Mr. Dufaur, of 23, Queen Ann-street, Cavendish-square; I went to him on Wednesday week, and asked him to give me a trifle, to pass me down into the country, and he would not gives me a farthing"—he afterwards said he was sure to have been caught, his dress was such a conspicuous dress, and he had no doubt this would be the death of his poor mother—he made these observations at intervals—with the exception of my asking him if he knew Newport Pagnell, he made the statement quite voluntarily.





WILLIAM GROVER CARTER
. I am a surgeon, at Manchester-terrace, Kilburn. On Monday evening, 23rd Feb., Mr. Veale was brought to my surgery at a few minutes before 8 o'clock—he was bleeding considerably from several wounds in the neck, which were evidently the result of shot—I extracted one shot; I did not extract any more, because he said he was a patient of Mr. Roberts, of the Finchley-road, and I advised him to get home and see him: they were deeply seated, and I did not think it right to interfere at that time—I have compared the shot I extracted with the others, and I believe them to be the same—I found a small portion of paper in Mr. Veale's coat collar, which is charred, and is evidently a portion of the loading of some fire arms—the wounds were such as would be produced by shot fired from a pistol—the wounds themselves were not serious—he was in a good state of health, as far as I could judge; it was the first time I had ever seen him—I extracted one shot from the back of the neck, and the others were in the immediate vicinity—I did not probe them at all.

COURT. Q. Could you tell at all, at that time, whether any of the other shots could produce danger? A. It is almost impossible to say; erysipelas might have followed—a shot is not fatal in the same way as a bullet is, necessarily—supposing any of these shots had reached the brain it must have been attended with fatal consequences—they were quite on the lower part of the head, not on the forehead at all—there were several open bleeding wound.
(The prisoner's statement before the Magistrate was read, as follows:)—"Well, your Worship, I have been a gentleman's servant; I lived once at Chitsley, three miles off the right of Newport; at the time of living there I had 300l. left me by an uncle; I left my situation on account of having a blood vessel broken on my lungs; I came to London, and was out of a situation some time; I then got into the betting system in horse-racing, and lost my money; I then got into service with Mr. Dufaur, 23, Queen Ann-street—I still continued at the horse-racing, and I was brought before your Worship for robbing him—I was sentenced to six months hard labour—I came out on 17th Feb., and went to Mr. Dufaur's office, 13, South-square, Grays-inn, to ask him to give me a little of my money to pass me into the country, and he would not give me a halfpenny of it; I have a sister living at Bushey, and I got a half sovereign of her, which I bought the pistol with; the same day that I bought it I tried it; I had not money sufficient to pay for a night's lodging; I then took it, after I tried it, to the blacksmith, and he cleaned it for me; he then loaded it and fired it off; I went from the shop about half past 5 o'clock; I loaded the pistol, and then came as far as Kilburn-gate to return to Bushey—I then met the gentleman beyond the four mile-stone—the gentleman then passed me; I followed him at a distance of about twenty yards for a short time, and then passed him, and I believe I got quite out of sight—I put the cap on the pistol—I turned out of the way; the gentleman then passed me—I then followed a short distance till I came to within twenty yards of the third mile stone; I then fired the pistol; the moment it was fired a dog passed; I went on about thirty yards, and the gentleman stood still; I then saw

some one coming up the path—I then took over the hedge and made off, for fear of being detected; a person passed; I then made off for the gentleman again, but he was got out of sight; I then returned to Bushey, and remained there all night; next morning I started and went through Watford, and made no stoppage till I came to Newport, and then I was taken—I have not anything more to say."

Prisoner's Defence. I have been in service for a considerable time; my father was huntsman to his Grace the Duke of Rutland, and having a bit of money left me, I came to London, and first I got in the hone-racing, and lost it; my brothers and sisters would not render me any assistance to get home; I bought this pistol with the money I received from my sister; I am charged now with shooting with intent to murder; but it was not with intent to murder, but merely to obtain a little money.




GUILTY
on 2nd COUNT
.—(He was further charged with having been before convicted.)





SAMUEL MOYES
 (policeman, D 14). I produce a certificate (read—William Dandy, convicted at the Central Criminal Court, Aug., 1851; confined six months)—I was present at that trial—the prisoner is the person mentioned.

GUILTY. Aged 24.—


Transported for Life.

