





989. 



PATRICK PRENDERGAST,



 JOSEPH BROWN
, and 




THOMAS STEARS



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William John Terry, and stealing 1 pair of boots, value 3s. 6d.; the goods of 



Ann Logan; and 3 pairs of trowsers, and other articles, value 8s. 6d.; the goods of 



William John Terry: to which


BROWN pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

STEARS pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 18.





Transported for Seven Years.






JOHN HOPE
 (police-sergeant, H 3). About four o'clock in the morning of 19th April, I met Brown and Prendergast in Rosemary-lane, coming in a direction from East Smithfield—they appeared to have something in their pockets—I asked what they had—Brown said he had nothing—I found on him a canister with some coffee-finings, three knives, and a cap—he said he bought the canister in the Highway for a shilling, the cap he bought it Bristol some time ago, and the knives were his—he had only one boot on—we took them to the station—a boot was found which resembled the boot on Brown's foot—he afterwards owned it.





THOMAS WEAKFORD
 (police-sergeant, H 5). I was with Hope, and met Brown and Prendergast—I found this tobacco on Prendergast, inside his Guernsey shirt—I asked him where he got it—he said he picked it up on the pavement near the London Docks' entrance—I went to an eating-house in East Smithfield, and found a seaman's chest broken open in the back-kitchen, and this cap lying about a yard from it—I believe I had seen Brown wearing this cap, but not that night—I was at the station when Stears was brought in; I found on him these braces—there was some tobacco in the chest corresponding with that found on Prendergast.

PRENDERGAST. I said I picked up the tobacco, and because I would not say I stole it, the other officer struck me in the face. Witness. He did not.





WILLIAM STEVENSON
. I am a cooper, of 110, East Smithfield. That morning, about four o'clock, I heard a noise in my workshop, at the back of my house—I went down, and found Stears and another person, whom I should not be able to recognize—Stears was behind the chopping-block—I took him, and gave him in charge—the candle dropped from my hand, and the other one escaped—Terry has part of my shop; he does not lodge in my house.





FREDERICK WILLIAM BARBER
 (policeman, H 92). I took Stears—I asked what he was doing; he gave me no answer.





JAMES KEARNEY
 (policeman, H 104). I went to the cooper's shop that morning about four o'clock—I found there these boots, shoe, canisters, three pairs of trowsers, two shirts, and other things—I found this knife in the yard which separates the dwelling-house from the shop, near a wall, where some one had got over—I then went to the cook's shop, No. 111; I found this

box on the counter—it was broken open, and I found this piece of a poker, which exactly fits the marks on the box—Brown afterwards said this boot belonged to him.





ANN LOGAN
. I am servant to William John Terry; he keeps an eating-house, 111, East Smithfield. I went to bed at twelve o'clock at night on 18th April—I was the last person up—the house was perfectly secure—I was called by the policeman about four the next morning—I went down, and found the front door shut safely—it is Mr. Terry's dwelling-house, and is next door to Mr. Stevenson's, in the parish of St. John, Wapping—I went to the back of the premises—at the coffee-bar I found this box broken open—it was perfectly safe the night before, and had not been opened for four months, since my master had been ill—the back of the house was fastened, but the fastenings are very bad—there is a wall round the yard—I missed this pair of boots from the house—these braces were in an old work-box, I cannot say whose—there was a seaman's chest in the back-kitchen; it was safe when I went to bed—it was broken open in the morning—I cannot say what was in it—the man has been gone twelve months—we lost some tin canisters from the bar, like these—I cannot say that these are them—I know nothing about the tobacco.

PRENDERGAST—


NOT GUILTY
.
