



330. 




JEREMIAH SULLIVAN



, uttering counterfeit coin; having been before convicted.


MESSRS. SCRIVEN
and
CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL JARMAN
. I am a clerk in the office of the Solicitor of the Treasury. I produce a certified copy of the conviction of Jeremiah Sullivan in May, 1851, for uttering counterfeit coin—(read—Convicted 12th May, 1851, and confined one year).





JOSEPH HUGHES
 (police-sergeant, E 13). I recollect the prisoner being convicted in May, 1851, with a person named Barnes.





ROBERT BROOKS
. I am a surgeon, and live in Waterloo-road, Lambeth. On 1st Jan. the prisoner came to my shop, about half past 4 o'clock, for two ounces of Bermuda arrowroot—he laid down a half crown on the counter before me to pay for it—I did not take notice of the half crown; I only took notice that it was a good one, that is all I know—I served him, and I took the half crown off the counter and put it on the lid of a jar, where there was some small silver, but no half crown—I gave the prisoner 2s. 3d. change—he said his mistress told hina it was to be 6d.—I told him it was the best arrowroot, and it was 2s. a lb.—he was talking a good deal, and I had a little suspicion of him—I had put the half crown on the lid of a jar first, but immediately afterwards I dropped it into a drawer, suspecting him—there was nothing in that drawer but 1l. worth of silver, wrapped in paper—the prisoner said he could not take the arrowroot, and I gave him back the half crown—after I gave him the good half crown back, he hesitated a minute, and said "Well, I don't think I can do any harm by taking it;" and he put out his hand and put a counterfeit half crown in my hand—I put it down directly on the counter, and saw it was bad—I could tell that by its sound when I threw it down—I told him it was bad—he said his mistress gave it him—when I went to look for a policeman, he began to move out of the shop—I followed him—I gave the second half crown to the policeman.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. What time of day was this? A. A quarter past 4 o'clock; we have got a clock—we keep a post office—my wife was in the shop—when the half crown was first given me, I put it on the lop of a jar behind my counter, where I usually put money—there was some small silver there, some sixpences and shillings—I always put the last coin I receive four or five inches before the others—I will undertake to say there was no other half crown there—I moved it from the jar to the drawer where I put money, but never loose—it is not a till—there was 1l. 's-worth of silver wrapped up in the drawer—I threw it back on the counter to the prisoner—it might have been a minute before he gave me the other half crown—he did not take up the arrowroot—directly I put the last half crown down, my wife said, "That is bad"—I put my hand on it, and my wife tried it in the money trier, and I tried it myself—the prisoner did

not run away, but he walked very quickly when I said I would give him into custody—I went out without a hat, and it was very cold.





MARY BROOKS
. I am the wife of the last witness. I recollect the prisoner coming on 1st Jan.—I saw him throw the first half crown down on the counter—I was not watching what my husband did with it, I was watching the prisoner—I saw the half crown given back to the prisoner—Mr. Brooks threw it down on the counter, and it jinked as money will; it sounded like a good one—some conversation passed between Mr. Brooks and the prisoner about his taking the arrowroot, and after a short time the prisoner fumbled in his pocket and pulled out a half crown, gave it across, and put it in my husband's hand—I said. "That is a bad one;" there was something in the manner of the prisoner that induced me to say so—I put the half crown in the trier—the prisoner came to the trier, and I took it from him—both our hands were on it, and it was bad—Mr. Brooks took it out in his hand, and gave it to the policeman.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean that your hand and your husband's were on it at the same time in the trier? A. Yes; Mr. Brooks said he would give the prisoner in charge—I do not recollect that he said to him," Be off, or I will give you into custody."





JOHN UNDERWOOD
 (policeman, L 66). I received charge of the prisoner on 1st Jan.—he asked me if I had a bit of tobacco; I told him no—he said he was not aware that it was a bad half crown—when I said I should take him into custody, he could not speak for a moment, he seemed as if he had something in his throat—I took him to the station—I received this half crown from Mr. Brooks—I searched the prisoner, but found nothing on him at all—he gave his address at No. 6, Union-court, Borough: I went and made inquiries, but could not hear anything about him.





WILLIAM WEBSTER
. I am inspector of coin to the Royal Mint. This half crown is a bad one.

MR. RIBTON
to
MR. BROOKS. Q. Had you any other bad half crowns in your possession? A. I had two, but they were passed two or three days before.

MR. CLERK. Q. Where did you get them from before you took them to the police office? A. Out of a tool drawer.




GUILTY
.** Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.

