



1865. 




EDWARD HENRY POYNTZ



, feloniously forging and uttering an endorsement to a Bank post-bill, with intent to defraud the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN THOMAS GEORGE DODD
. I am clerk to Messrs. Coutts and Co., of the Strand; the firm consists of Edward Majoribanks and other persons. Mr. J. Tomlin kept an account there previous to his death for many years—I received this letter of 13th Feb. (produced), by post, at the Bank, on 14th Feb., 1851—it was handed to me for the purpose of sending him a bill—in consequence of this letter, I prepared instructions for a Bank post-bill for 50l., payable to the order of John Tomlin, Esq.—these are my instructions to the Bank to prepare the bill for that purpose—Messrs. Coutts and Co. had to pay the sum of 50l. to the Bank, and Mr. Tomlin's account was debited with the same, the same day.





ALFRED BENNETT
. I am clerk to Messrs. Codd, of Fludyer-street; they have been agents to Captain Poynts for three years. I know the prisoner's handwriting, and believe this to be it.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were you before the Magistrate? A. I was not; I have acquired a knowledge of the handwriting of the prisoner by having been the corresponding clerk to Messrs. Codd, who had an account with the prisoner from 1845 to 1848; but we had correspondence with the prisoner on other subjects, after he left our agency, up to the close of last year—I have seen him write on one occasion certainly, that was March 18th, 1848, but not since that time—I am sorry to say I have no doubt about its being his writing, for I had from seventy to a hundred letters from him—I have heard he is the son of an admiral in the navy, who is dead—I

do not speak from my own knowledge—I have no doubt on the subject—(letter read: "13th Feb., 1851. To Messrs. Coutts and Co. Post-office, Birmingham. Gentlemen,—Be good enough to send me, by return of post, a Bank post-bill for 50l. I remain, yours obediently, J. TOMLIN.")





THOMAS FRANCIS ARMISTEAD
. I am a clerk in the Bank Post-bill Office, Bank of England. I received these instructions from the Bank of Messrs. Coutts and Co., dated 14th Feb., 1851; in compliance with which a Bank post-bill, "No. 3006 B," was prepared, payable to the order of John Tomlin, for 50l., value received by Messrs. Coutts and Co.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the Bank post-bill yourself? A. No; the cashier delivered it—I did not see it before or after it was made out.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Have you in your hand the instructions of Coutts' house for the issuing that bill? A. Yes; these are the instructions received with respect to a Bank post-bill on that day—I have made a memorandum—here is the number of the note in my writing—I took the number from the cashier's book—the bills are entered numerically, and against the instructions to make a post-bill out for John Tomlin, Esq., I put the number which is in the cashier's book.

COURT. Q. Are any Bank post-bills made out without your orders; do you give instructions for all? A. No, not for all post-bills; I did not do so on that day—I cannot tell who else gave orders—it is a large office—there are fourteen or fifteen clerks—there is a list kept—to the best of my knowledge, it is impossible that any other Bank post-bill to John Tomlin, Esq., was made out that day.

MR. DODD
re-examined. I have no doubt this is the bill I sent—I cannot swear to it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you send that bill? A. I cannot from memory say it was No. 3006; I only sent one bill at that time—I sent a bill to John Tomlin, Esq., on 14th Feb., but you ask me to swear to the number, and that I cannot do.





GEORGE AUGUSTUS BRYANT
. I am a clerk to Messrs. Coutts and Co. This is the letter-book (produced)—I copied in it this letter to John Tomlin, Esq., of Birmingham—I posted it—(William Base here produced a copy of the notice to produce, given by him to the prisoner; on Saturday last)—I endorsed in the letter a Bank post-bill for 50l.—the letter was: "Strand, 14th Feb., 1851. We have received your letter of yesterday, and, as requested, in close a 50l. Bank post-bill, payable to your order." Addressed, "J. Tomlin, Esq., Post-office, Birmingham."





JAMES PYZER
. I am in the service of John Aaron, a jeweller, of Birmingham. In the early part of March a gentleman came there—I cannot swear to his being the prisoner, it is so long ago—I sold him a silver gilt watch, with a silver dial—I cannot say whether this is it (produced)—this has a gold dial—I made the bargain with the person—he produced a bill—I never looked at it, but delivered it to my master.





JOHN AARON
. I am a jeweller, of Birmingham. I was sent for by Pyzer, my shopman, with respect to the sale of a watch—I saw the prisoner there—he said his name was Captain Stanhope; he did not say of what regiment—there are barracks at Birmingham—he did not say where he was living—I took this Bank post-bill from the prisoner, and gave him 40l., the change between the amount of the watch and the bill—"John Tomlin" was on the back of the bill—he wrote on it, "E. H. Stanhope"—this watch has the appearance of the one I sold, but the dial has been gilt.

Cross-examined. Q. Is that watch what is called "a Birmingham?" A.


It is a Geneva watch—I have no doubt it has a number; I have not looked to see; very few are made without—I speak to it, to the best of my knowledge, from its appearance—I handed the paper myself into the prisoner's hand when he wrote on it—my sister was present—she is not here—I had nothing to do with the transaction, except giving change—it was not purchased of me; the sale was by my servant—he was not before the Magistrate, but I was.





MAGNUS BOLK
. I am a watchmaker, living in the Western-road, Brighton. In March last I received this silver gilt Geneva watch from the prisoner—he gave the name of Captain Poyntz—it had a silver dial—I gilt it for him.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure it was the prisoner? A. Yes; I had never seen him before—he called three or four times—I have no doubt he is the person; I am perfectly satisfied of it.





ROBERT PUZEY
. I am a clerk in the house of Coutts and Co. On 19th June, this letter marked "D" came there by the post—(read—"Post-office, Windsor, June 18, 1851. Messrs. Coutts and Co., Strand. Gentlemen,—Be good enough to enclose me, by return of post, two Bank post-bills for 50l. each, which will oblige, and place the same to the account of your very obedient servant, J. Tomlin")—In consequence of that letter, I gave instructions to the Bank of England to prepare two Bank post-bills for 50l.—I did not make up the answer; I only prepared the instructions—these are them (produced)—they are marked "E"—Mr. Tomlins's account was debited with 100l.

T. F. ARMISTEAD
re-examined. This paper marked "E" was received on 19th June, from Coutts and Co., and in consequence two Bank post-bills for 50l. each, Nos. 3286 and 3287, were issued; these are them marked "F" and "G"—they are payable to John Tomlin, Esq., or order—I can identify them by my initials on them.





GEORGE BOULTON
. I am a clerk in the house of Coutts and Co. I find in this letter-book on 19th June, a copy of a letter transmitted to John Tomlin, Esq., at Windsor, in which were enclosed two Bank bills (reading—"19th June, 1851. In compliance with your request, we send you herein Bank post-bills for 100l., which we trust will reach you safely;" directed John Tomlin, Esq., Post-office, Windsor.





GEORGE CORSBIE
. I am a jeweller and watch-maker, at 21, Bath-place, New-road. On 3rd July, the prisoner came and brought this silver-gilt watch (produced); he wanted me to change it for a gold one; he bought a gold watch, and a mosaic brooch, for which he had to pay me 9l. and the Geneva watch—he gave me the Bank post-bill marked "G"—I saw him write this "John Tomlin" on the back of it—I gave him 41l. 10s. change—this gold watch and brooch (produced) are what I sold to him.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen the party before with whom you made the exchange? Q. Yes; I speak without doubt; I know him well.





THOMAS FISHER
. I am a pawnbroker, of 12, Staverton-row, Walworth-road. On 9th July, this gold watch and mosaic brooch were pawned at my shop—this duplicate produced is the counterpart of the one I hold.





MATTHEW MARSHALL
. I am chief cashier of the Bank of England. I received this letter, marked "H," on 10th July—(This was a letter dated 10th July, signed John Tomlin, Post-office, Liverpool, forwarding a Bank post-bill for 50l., and requesting a 50l. note to he returned for it—addressed to the Governor and Managing Company of the Bank of England)—this is the Bank post-bill which was enclosed in it (produced)—for reasons I had, I put myself in communication with Mr. Mullens, the solicitor, in consequence of which this letter was written to the writer; this is the original; it was returned by the

post-office—this letter, marked "K," arrived at the Bank on 16th July—(This was a letter signed J. Tomlin, and dated 15 July, to the Governor and Managing Company of the Bank of England, repeating the substance of the former letter, and begging early attention to it)—in consequence of that, by arrangement with Mr. Mullens, another letter was sent by the deputy cashier Mr. Elsey, but I did not see it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you send this Bank post-bill? A. Certainly not; it would not be in my department—I do not in the least know who sent it.





WILLIAM FLETCHER
. I am the manager of the Branch Bank of England, at Liverpool. On 3rd Sept., 1851, this letter marked "M" arrived there by the post—(This was dated Sept. 1, 1851, addressed to the Branch Bank of England, at Liverpool, requesting them to place the amount of the Bank post-bill for 50l. to the writer's credit at Cocks' bank, Charing-cross, they being duly authorized to receive the same; and signed John Tomlin)—in that letter there was one enclosed marked "L"—read—"Bank of England. Sir,—I am in receipt of your letter of yesterday; a letter was sent to you, addressed to the Post-office, Liverpool, and returned here again, as it had not been called for; I repeat the substance of it, which is to request you to apply at the Branch Bank, Liverpool, for the 50l., it not being considered safe to remit a Bank-note by post."

Cross-examined. Q. I believe it was the first time you discovered that it was not safe to send Bank-notes by the post? A. Not the first time—we only send them when they are asked for.





BRYAN O'ROURE
. I am an Irishman, and get my living by going on messages, in Liverpool. I remember being sent to the post-office, at Liver-pool, for a letter, by a gentlemen who met me, and asked me if I wanted a job, and I said yes—I do not know who it was—I do not know the name I asked for; I am no scholar—I got a letter—I do not know the gentleman who took it of me, but he gave me a shilling—after I came from the post-office, a policeman from London spoke to me, and came and stopped in my room some time—it was Whicher—while he was with me, I thought I saw the person who sent me passing my door, but I cannot say it was him; for I am very short-sighted, and it was across the street—Whicher followed him very quickly.





THOMAS BLOOM
. I am corresponding clerk in the house of Cocks and Co., bankers. These letters marked "N" and "O," dated Sept. 1 and Sept. 11, were received by me—I cannot say on what dates.

Cross-examined. Q. You were not before the Magistrate? A. No. (The first letter was dated Brighton, 1st Sept., addressed to Messrs. Cocks and Co., signed John Tomlin, and stated that he had directed the Branch Bank of England at Liverpool to place the sum of 50l. to his credit at Messrs. Cocks, requesting that the amount might be sent to him. The second was dated 11th Sept. 5, Cunningham-place, St. John's Wood-road, to Messrs. Cocks, requesting the remittance of a 20l. Bank of England note.)





OWEN EVAN WILLIAMS
. I am clerk to Cocks, Biddulph, and Co. I produce the letter of 11th Sept.—I copied a letter addressed John Tomlin, Esq., 5, Cunningham-place, St. John's Wood—this is it—(reading—"Messrs. Cocks and Co. present their compliments to Mr. Tomlin, and with reference to the answer to his letter of the 11th, as he has no account, they will prefer his drawing the amount in one sum.")





WILLIAM BASE

re-examined. I received the letter just read, from Messrs. Cocks, and took it to 5, Cunningham-place, St. John's Wood—I saw Emily Smith there, and gave her the letter.






EMILY SMITH
. I live at 5, Cunningham-place, St. John's Wood. Mr. Base came there, and gave me a letter; a woman named Mary called for it, and I gave it to her.

Cross-examined. Q. Is Mary here to-day? A. Not that I know of.





HENRY FIELD
. On 11th Sept. I was in company with Sergeant Whitcher, of the detective force—I saw a woman come out of 5, Cunningham-place—I followed her to two or three tradesmen's shops in the Edgeware-road, and then to a post-office, 116, Edgeware-road—she entered the shop, and, to the best of my knowledge, got some postage-stamps—she came out with a letter, which she posted in the box outside—I gave information to Whitcher.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you, that go about following women? A. I am an agent of the police—that is the way I get my living—those who employ me pay me—when I am employed by the Commissioners of Police they pay me—I am not employed by them—only one woman came out of the house that morning to my knowledge—it was 2 or 3 o'clock in the afternoon probably; it was not 4, because we were in the City something like 4—it was somewhere from 2 to half-past 3; or as near to 3 as I can say.





JONATHAN WHICHER
. I am a sergeant of the detective police. I was instructed to go down to Liverpool on this matter—I left London on the 16th—on the 18th I saw O'Rourke at Liverpool at the post-office—I saw him receive a letter—he spoke to a person—I followed him to his lodging, and remained there some time and saw the prisoner pass—I was called up to the neighbourhood of the Edgeware-road in Sept. last in consequence of information given me by a man named Field, who is engaged in matters frequently in the country when applications are made for detective police, and he is sent down by the Commissioners, and is paid by the parties who employ him—in consequence of what he said, I went on 11th Sept to the post-office, 116, Edgeware-road, and saw a letter taken out of the letter-box, addressed,"Captain Poyntz, 25, Foregate-street, Chester; "it was then posted to go with the rest—there were a great many other letters in the box—I went down to Foregate-street, Chester, that evening, and found the prisoner there—I told him I was an officer, and apprehended him on suspicion of forging the endorsement to two 50l. Bank post-bills in the name of John Tomlin—he said, "I know nothing about it"—I said, "You have received a letter this morning; what have you done with it?"—he said he had thrown it out of window—I searched the room, and found this duplicate (produced—dated July 9th, 1851, for a gold watch and brooch, 5l. 10s., in the name of Mary Britten).

Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure you have told us all he said? A. Yes; all that transpired at the time of his apprehension that related to the case—I did not broach the case at all to him—he did not say, "I intended no forgery"—he said he knew nothing about it—he denied all knowledge of the transaction, and said, "I know nothing about it."





EDWARD WILLIAM STANLEY
. I am one of the cashiers of Messrs. Contts. I knew the late John Tomlin; he kept a banking account with them—he was the only person of that name who kept an account there—I am well acquainted with his writing—I should certainly say these letters "A" and "D" are not his writing, nor are the others.





CHRISTOPHER BRASCODEMAR
. I was valet to the late Mr. John Tomlin three years and nine months—I remained till his death—he died in my arms on 16th Oct. at the York Hotel, Brighton—I was always in close attendance on him—he was in a very weak state of health; he could not be weaker—I had never seen the prisoner during that time, nor heard his name till I saw it in the paper about 13th Sept, I cannot say exactly, but it was two or three days after we arrived from Brighton—on 18th Dec., 1850, I left London with

Mr. Tomlin—we went to St. Leonard's, and stopped there till 3rd June, when we went to 35, Chapel-street, Belgrave-square, where we remained till 15th July, and then went to Warwick-lodge, 1, Addison-road, Kensington—we then left and came to St. James's-street, stopped there four days, and then gave up the house and went to Brighton, where he remained till he died.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you with Mr. Tomlin when he had an establishment in Leicestershire? A. He never did keep an establishment in Leicestershire—I do not know whether he went to hunt there—he never went there while I was with him—the only time I left him while I lived with him was for two days at St. Leonard's, and his brother was along with him at the time—I had a room of my own at his house—it was not my business to open or shut the door.





JONATHAN WHICHER

re-examined. There were three or four remands in this case—I cannot tell the days—it spread over a month.




GUILTY
. Aged 36.
(The prisoner was further charged with having been before convicted, to which he pleaded


GUILTY>.

The
COURT, however, called Robert Lester, police-inspector, who produced the certificate, by which it appeared the prisoner had pleaded


GUILTY
in April last to a charge of forging a request for the delivery of goods, and was imprisoned seven days.)—


Transported for Ten Years.

