



618. 




JOHN HENRY WOODFORD



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



John Thomas Sharp, and stealing therein, 1 snuffbox, 4 spoons, 1 tablecloth, and other articles, Value 7l.; his property.






HENRY KIRBY
 (policeman, N 335). On Sunday morning, 24th April, I saw the prisoner in the Hemmingford-road, at the corner of Thornhill-square, in the parish of St. Mary, Islington, about a quarter before 4 o'clock in the morning—I went up to him, and asked him where he had come from—he said, "From Barnet"—I asked him whose coat and hat he bad got—he said, his own—I took his hat off, and found in It this tablecloth (produced)—I took him to the station, searched him, and found on him a silver snuffbox, four silver spoons, and this hat and coat (produced)—t then went to Mr. Silliphank's, No. l, Thornhill-square, and found this counterpane (produced) Wrapped up in this handkerchief, in the garden; I took them to the station, and the prisoner said it was his handkerchief, and he meant to go back for the bundle, as he might as well have the lot while he was about it.





JOHN THOMAS SHARP
. I live at Hemmingford-cottages, Barnsbury-road. This tablecloth, counterpane, coat, hat, and snuffbox, are mine; they are worth 7l. or 8l.—on the Sunday morning that this took place, I went to bed about half past 1 o'clock—I was the last person up; I went over the house just previous to going to bed—it was perfectly safe except one window, which was so small that there was no bolt on it, anybody could get in there—I came down at a little before 7 o'clock, and found the drawers and cupboards open, and the things strewed about—the house was secure excepting the back door, and there was no appearance of that being broken—the mortar was rubbed off by the small window.

Prisoner. Q. Did you find any place broken? A. No; but the small window was open, that had been left open.





ELISABETH LYON
. I am nursery maid to Mr. Sharp. I came down about

7 o'clock in the morning, and found the sideboard cupboard open, and the things on the floor—the back door of the house was undone, and wide open; I had seen it fastened the night before—somebody had got in at the small window, and had gone out by the back door—I saw some dirt on the window.





HENRY KIRBY

re-examined. I found the counterpane about twenty-five houses from Mr. Sharp's; a person could get there from Mr. Sharp's, along the wall at the back of the houses—the back of Thornhill-square faces the back of Hemmingford-cottages.

Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor states that the window was left open, and I stand here charged with burglariously breaking and entering; I do not see how I can be brought in Guilty.




GUILTY
of stealing in the dwelling house.
 Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

