





1878. 




DENNIS BURKE,



 JOHN NELHAMS
, and 




THOMAS AGAR



, stealing 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; the goods of a man unknown, from his person.


MESSRS. RYLAND
and
LOCKS
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN Moss
 (City-policeman, 225). On Wednesday evening, 8th Oct., between 6 and 7 o'clock, I was on duty in plain clothes in Holborn, and saw the three prisoners there—I saw Agar go and touch a lady's pocket—he then stopped and sent Burke on in front, and he and Nelhams followed—Burke lifted up the lady's dress, tried the pocket, and turned back to Agar again—Agar sent him back a second time, but he did not succeed in getting anything—they then all three went on as far as Holborn-bars, where there was an obstruction caused by an omnibus—Burke there put his hand into a gentleman's pocket, drew out a handkerchief, and passed it to Nelhams, who went on ahead with it—I then came up with Agar and Burke, and took them into custody; as I was taking them to the Smithfield station Agar sent two or three boys, one to Plumtree-court, one to Field-lane, and one to St. John's-court, and said to them, "Go and tell them that I am nailed; tell Mary Paton"—I know Mary Paton well—she and a number of other girls came, and I gave Agar into Hewitt's custody—when the girls came, Burke began struggling to get away, but I secured him and took him to the station—I did not see Nelhams again that night—he was afterwards taken outside Guildhall—I have known them all three or four years, and have frequently seen them together.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q: Were you on the same side of the street? A. No; I crossed over to them after they tried the lady's pocket—when they went to the gentleman's pocket I was on the same side, three or four yards off them—there was a crowd, but this happened outside of it—I did not speak to the gentleman—I asked if there was any one present who had had their pocket picked—I said that loud enough for him to hear, but he went on without taking any notice, and I lost him—the boys' backs were towards me—Nelhams and Agar stood nearly behind Burke.





CHARLES GREEN
. I am a porter, and live at 3, Meeting-house-court, Water-lane. On the evening of 8th Oct., about 7 o'clock, I was in Holborn, and saw the three prisoners there—I have known them all for eighteen months or two years—I saw Burke try a lady's pocket; the others were close behind him—I do not think he succeeded—he came back to the other two, and they then all went on as far as Gray's-inn-lane, where Burke went close behind a gentleman and took something from his pocket, which, I believe, was a handkerchief—the others were close behind him, and he gave the handkerchief to Nelhams, who made off with it; and when I turned round I saw Burke and Agar in Moss's custody.

Cross-examined. Q. Where are you a porter? A. I have no regular place—I occasionally work at the Royal Hotel; the last time I did so was a fortnight ago—I was not at work on this day—about three weeks ago I worked in Earl-street—I was about two yards off Burke when he took the handkerchief—the other prisoners were immediately behind Burke—there was no one between me and them—I first saw them near Castle-street, and followed them, taking notice of them—I should have told a policeman, if I had seen one—I have been a witness about twice before within the last twelve months—it may be three times; it is not five times; they were all regarding what I had seen in the streets.






GEORGE MOLYNEUX
 (City-policeman, 293). I took Agar at Bartlett's-buildings, Waterloo-road, and also took Nelhams outside the Court at Guildhall on the day Burke and Agar were examined.

BURKE—


GUILTY
. ** Aged 11.—




Confined Twelve Months
.

NELHAMS—


GUILTY
. ** Aged 17.

AGAR—


GUILTY
. ** Aged 17.





Transported for Seven Years.

