




372. 




BENJAMIN JAMES
 and 




JAMES FRENCH



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Robert Kennedy, and stealing 600 pence, 600 halfpence, and 143 farthings, his moneys: French having been before convicted: to which

JAMES


pleaded GUILTY
. Aged 18.—Received a good character, and recommended


to mercy by the Prosecutor.—



Confined Twelve Months



MR. PARNELL
conducted the Prosecution.






ROBERT KENNEDY
. I am a stationer at Blackheath-hill, in the parish of St. Alphage, Greenwich; sometimes it is called Greenwich parish. On 10th Dec., I shut up my shop at ten minutes past ten—a back door leads from the passage into the yard—I shut that and latched it, and pushed the bolt, but am not sure it went into the socket—if it was not bolted, any one could open it from the outside by lifting up the latch—the back parlour window was shut—I came down next morning about twenty minutes past seven, and found the back door, and back parlour window open—there was a desk in the parlour, where there was copper money the day before to the value of 3l. 18s., done up in newspaper placards in 5s. packages, and there were three 1s. packages of farthings—the prisoner James was in the service of my next door neighbour—I believe all these packets of coppers (produced) are mine, and I can swear to one.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. How do you know that to be yours? A. It is packed up in a bill of a Satirist newspaper; I made an observation to myself at the time, that I did not have the paper, but they sent me down a showbill—the next door yard adjoins mine—I swear I pushed the bolt, the window was not fastened—I was not before this affair in the habit of going round every night, I did go that evening—I always shut the doors before I go up to bed.





MARTHA SMITH
. My husband keeps a coffee-shop in Church-street, Greenwich. I recollect seeing the prisoners there on the morning of the 11th Dec.—I did not take particular notice of the time, but I consider it was

between two or three o'clock—they were in company together—they had something, I do not know what, but they paid for it principally in farthings—I had from 15d. to 18d. in farthings—I received some of it from French, and some from my waiter Giles—I gave a 1s. for a packet of farthings, wrapped up in newspaper I think—I do not know whether I gave it to the waiter or French—I do not know what became of the paper.

Cross-examined. Q. Will you swear French gave you any farthings? Yes; James was with him, no one else.





ANDREW GILES
. I am waiter to the last witness. I recollect the prisoners coming there together on the morning of 11th Dec.—they had some coffee, and afterwards some tea, it came to about 15d.—they each paid an equal share, and both paid in farthings—French asked if Mrs. Smith wanted any farthings—I said I did not know, I would ask her—I asked, came back, and told him she would take a 1s. worth, and he gave them to me wrapped up in a newspaper—I gave them to Mrs. Smith, and she gave them 1s.—an observation was made by somebody about his having so many farthings, and French said, "We made them, paper and all."

Cross-examined. Q. Were they alone? A. There were several more in the house; I did not notice who was with them—the prisoners seemed to be in their own company together—Morris and another young man were there, but the prisoners came in after them—I did not receive any payment from Morris in farthings—my mistress did in my presence.





WILLIAM MORRIS
. I am a fly-driver. I was at Mrs. Smith's coffee-house, and saw the two prisoners come into the room where I and another young man were—I had not seen them before—they had some toast and tea—I said I was going down to settle for what we had had, and they gave me some farthings to pay for what they had had—I paid Mrs. Smith 6d. for one, and 4d. for the other.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you driving your fly that night? A. Yes; I had just put in, and then went to the coffee-shop.





ROBERT TURHAM
. I am barman to Mr. Potter, of the Eight Bells, Greenwich. On 11th Dec., between five and six o'clock in the morning, I saw French at our house—he had a pot of porter, and paid for it in copper—he asked me to change 5s. worth of coppers—I said I could not, as I had not sufficient—he afterwards called for a quartern of gin, which came to 4d.—he paid for it in farthings.





JOHN WHITE
 (policeman, R 108). On Thursday, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I went to Mr. Clogg's shop where James works, and in the hay loft I found these four packages all containing copper (produced).





JAMES WILLIAM CROUCH
 (policeman, R 361). I took James into cuts tody on the Thursday morning, about nine o'clock, at North Woolwich, six or seven miles from Greenwich—I told him I wanted him for robbing Mr. Kennedy in company with another—he denied it—I asked where he was on Tuesday morning—he said at home—I took him to the station, brought French out, and asked James if he was the man—he said, "Yes"—I asked what French received—James said six packages for his share, which French did not deny.





JAMES KNIGHT
 (policeman, R 308). I produce a certificate of French's conviction—(read—Convicted Dec., 1848, and confined three months)—I was present. FRENCH—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years


