




580. 




ALEXANDER WILLIAMS
 and 




MARY ANN LYONS



, stealing 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; the goods of 



Savory James Passmore, from his person.


MR. M. PRENDERGAST
conducted the Prosecution.






MICHAEL HAYDON
. I am a detective officer. On Sunday morning, 17th April, about half past 12 o'clock, I was on Ludgate-hill, in company with Jarvis—there was a fire at Mr. Purssell's shop—I saw the two prisoners there—I knew them before—I saw Williams go to Mr. Passmore, and put his hand into his pocket—Lyons was standing behind Williams, so as to screen him—Williams withdrew his hand, and went away—I spoke to Mr. Passmore, and in consequence of what he said, I went after Williams, and took him into custody—Jarvis ran forward and laid hold of Lyons, and I saw her throw away this handkerchief, which Mr. Passmore identified—after Williams drew his hand out of the pocket, he went away, and Lyons followed him—they joined together on Ludgate-hill, and spoke to one another—I then spoke to Mr. Passmore, and went after the prisoners, who were walking together twenty or thirty yards from where they took the handkerchief.

Williams. Q. When you took me into custody, you said you saw me make several attempts? A. Yes, I did; I asked you whether you had got anything about you—you said, no—I told you I took you for picking pockets—I told you at the station that the gentleman could not come, but you should see him on Monday.





WILLIAM JARVIS
. I am an officer of the City police. I was with Haydon on Sunday morning, the 17th—I saw the prisoners—I took Lyons into custody; she threw away this handkerchief.


COURT. Q. How near was she to Williams? A. They were close together—the fire was opposite the Old Bailey—I took Lyons about twenty-five yards off, walking with Williams—we had watched them for half an hour.





SAVORY JAMES PASSMORE
. I carry on business in St. Paul's-churchyard. This handkerchief is mine; I had it on Saturday night—when I was in the crowd the policeman said something to me, and I missed it—I saw it again on Monday—I believe I used it at the fire—I had been with a young man for a walk in the Strand.

Williams. Q. Did you see me previous to losing that handkerchief? A. I did not notice you.

Williams' Defence. I was standing there to get a job on the engine; Lyons came and asked me if I saw a person, I said, "No;" I was going along Ludgate-hill; Lyons was twenty yards on before me, and Haydon came and took me for picking pockets.

Lyons' Defence. I am an unfortunate girl, and get my living by walking the streets; on 17th April, between 11 and 12 o'clock, I heard the cry of "Fire!" I ran to see it, and while standing there a young man came and spoke to me that I had seen before; he gave me some handkerchiefs to hold, and told me he would give me a trifle for it; I being in want of a home and food, was very glad to accept the offer, but I solemnly declare I did not know the property to have been stolen; it is the first time I ever was in such a place, and I am perfectly innocent of the charge laid against me.

WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
.

LYONS—


GUILTY
.

Williams was further charged with having been before convicted.






GEORGE FREDERICK LEONARD MOLLYNEUX
. I produce a certificate of Williams' former conviction by the name of 


Alexander Lee (read: "Convicted at this Court, June 1851, of stealing a handkerchief, having been before con victed—
Confined one year.")
*WILLIAMS. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

†LYONS. Aged 18.—



Confined Twelve Months.


Before Russell Gurney, Esq.

