



490. 




JOHN WATSON



, forging and uttering an order for payment of 14s. 7d.; with intent to defraud 



Charles Fox and another: having been before convicted.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS WESTBURY HALL
. I am cashier to Mr. Charles Fox and Mr. Henderson, they are contractors for the Crystal Palace at Hyde Park—they have about 2,400 persons employed there—the prisoner was in their service, but had absented himself from some indisposition—he was time-keeper in the department of the carpenters, under a foreman, named Lovell—the men are paid at the end of the week—the time-keeper makes a sheet, called the time sheet, of the time each person is employed—that is given to me—it shows what each person is entitled to—I deposit the money each person is entitled to, and it is put in a box—the time-keeper makes the sheet for the foreman, and the foreman conveys it to my office—he makes the sheet from the report of the time-keeper—the sheets are sent in on Friday, and the next day the money is allotted—if a man leaves short of a week he is paid for his time immediately—a note is sent for it—this paper (produced) was brought to my office by the prisoner on 2nd Jan. (read)—"Jan. 2, 1851. Mr. Hall, please pay the bearer, William Halliwell, four days, five hours at 3s. 3d. a day; 14s. E. LOVELL."—there was a man named William Halliwell there—the prisoner said Halliwell was discharged, and he wanted his money—this bill was calculated by my clerk, who found it should have been 14s. 7d.; the 7d. was added to it, and it was paid—here is the No. 1,400 on it—that was Halliwell's No.; each man has a brass ticket with his number—this signature of Mr. Lovell's is very much like his writing—I know his writing perfectly well—I paid the 14s. 7d. on the credit I gave to the signature, with the money of Messrs. Fox and Henderson.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL. Q. Whose is this initial on it? A. The check-clerk's—it is to show that it is correctly moneyed out, as we call it—I do not pay any till they are marked so; this 14s. 7d. was put by the clerk—I did not pay the prisoner under the impression that he was Halliwell—it is customary to pay the time-keeper for those persons who are discharged—it was not my duty to pay the men themselves—the timekeeper presents these orders more often than the men—I bad very few orders of this kind about that time—this was not discovered to be forged for some days; it was not so long as a week or ten days—the prisoner was the only time-keeper for the carpenters—when he was away Mr. Cole was his successor; he is there still—there might be twenty or twenty-five other time-keepers—I paid another order the same day, which was another case of this kind—this signature is very much like Mr. Lovell's writing.


MR. BODKIN. Q. IS this paper your writing? A. Yes, part of it; I make these memorandums at the time I make the payments—fourteen or fifteen men might have been paid off that day—I have no doubt the prisoner is the person to whom I paid this 14s. 7d.—the check-clerk was present—if this had been handed to me without the initials I should have said, "Take it to the check-clerk"—I am quite sure the prisoner did not bring in another man to receive the money.





HENRY SWEETAFPLE OLDEN
. I am a clerk in the cashier's office; it if my duty when an order is brought in for payment to see that the sum demanded is accurate. On 2nd Jan. the prisoner handed this paper to me for payment—I checked the accuracy of the calculation—the sum of money on it was 14s.—I found the party was entitled to 7d. more—I made the alteration, put my initials to it, handed it to the prisoner, and he presented it for payment to Mr. Hall—Mr. Hall called my attention to the signature being Mr. Lovell's—I was busy at the time—I did not look into it minutely—I said, "Yes, I believed it was Mi. Lovell's"—the prisoner was there—I believe he was near enough to hear it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you notice to whom Mr. Hall paid the money? A. No; I do not recollect that another man was brought in.





EDWARD LOVELL
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Fox and Henderson, as foreman of the carpenters. The prisoner was employed under me, as time-keeper, from 18th Nov. till 27th Dec.—I had not discharged him, but I never saw him after—he was paid 3s. a day—if a man was discharged, he would get his wages by an order like this, with my signature to it—a man named Halliwell had been in the employ a month, to the best of my recollection—the prisoner would know that—this order speaks of four days and five hours' work; and being on 2nd Jan., would be subsequent to 27th Dec, when the prisoner ceased to attend—Halliwell has never quitted the employ; he is at work for me now—the 2nd Jan. was on Thursday—the time-sheet had been last sent in on 27th Dec, by the prisoner—the name of Lovell is not my signature, nor written by my authority or knowledge—I have seen the prisoner write, and believe the body of this order to be his writing—I do not know whether he has seen me write; he has seen my signature in my books—I allowed him to sign, "John Watson, for Edward Lovell."

Cross-examined. Q. How many papers of this sort did you write on Thursday, 2nd Jan.? A. None; I did not write one that week; I had no man left that week—I have not the control of the sawyers, only to order what wood is wanted to be cut—it is very seldom that I write an order of this sort—I generally go down to the office, take the time-book, and give the man's time in, and let the man receive the money—I never receive it—I acted as time-keeper that week myself, it being Christmas week—I had about fifty carpenters and twenty-three labourers—I do not know that they have opportunity of seeing me write from time to time—the men do not see me write in the book when I put down their wages; they have no check upon me; it is supposed that the work is put down right—I have been employed on the works ever since Oct.—I know the prisoner was not there that week; I considered he was ill.





WILLIAM HALLIWELL
. I live in Smith-street, Chelsea, and am a carpenter. I have been employed at the building in the Park about eight weeks, and am working there still—I have never left the employ from the time I began—I know the prisoner and he knows me, by my working

under him; he was time-keeper, and took down my time weekly—I was paid at the end of the week regularly, with the exception of Saturday night, 4th Jan.—I went as usual for my week's pay, and was to receive 19s. 6d.—I did not get the money; some inquiry was made, and on Monday morning they paid me—I had lost half a day that week, and they paid me 17s. 10d., not 19s. 6d.—I have been paid regularly ever since——I know nothing about this paper—I never saw it till I was before the Magistrate.

Cross-examined. Q. Used you to account for your work to anybody? A. No; but I used to give in a ticket at morning and at dinner-time, to show that I was there—the dinner ticket proved that I was there after dinner—I always gave in my own ticket—there was one half-day the prisoner offered to give in my ticket for me, to represent that I was there when I was not—I was not found fault with about it afterwards—that was the only occasion—I was absent that half day—I used to go to receive my own money on Saturday night.

MR. BODKIN. Q. What passed about this ticket? A. I told the prisoner I was going to lose half-a-day on the following day, and be told me he would square it for me—I never asked him to get an order for the payment of my wages in the week.





JAMES BROWN DOUGHTY
 (policeman, T 269). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted, August, 1849; Confined one year)—he is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)
