



809. 




JAMES EDWARDS



, feloniously uttering a forged order for the payment of 12l. 10s., with intent to defraud.


MR. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS COPPICK
. I am in the employ of Mrs. Woodham, a greengrocer, of No. 27, Charlotte-street, Fitzroy-square. On 26th March I was in Keppel-street, Russell-square—Dr. Daley lives at No. 34, there—as I was passing, the prisoner came from the step there, and asked me if I would go on an errand for Dr. Daley—I said, "I will, if it won't take me too long"—he told me it was only to go to Mr. Selth's, in Tottenham-court-road, and take a note, and wait for an answer—he gave me a note, and told me to take it to Mr. Selth, and when I came back I was to ring the bell—all this time he stood on the step of Dr. Daley's door—I believe this is the note he gave me (produced)—I took it to Mr. Selth—he opened it in my presence, and gave me twelve sovereigns and a half-sovereign—he asked me where it came from—I said, "Mr. Daley"—I took back the money to Keppel-street—I saw the prisoner—he came off the steps at Dr. Daley's—I thought he came out of the house—I am sure he came off the steps—I gave him the money—he gave me 4d. for going, and went away.

Cross-examined by
MR. GIFFORD. Q. This was between 9 and 10 o'clock at night? A. Yes; the conversation that took place was not above a minute or two—I was shown the prisoner at the police station—a person brought him outside—that was about three months afterwards—I had never seen the prisoner from the time I saw him on Dr. Daley's steps till I saw him at the station—when I came back with the money, the prisoner came off the steps, and out of the house, I thought—I did not see the door open—I have been five months in Mrs. Woodham's employ, who keeps a greengrocers shop—before that I was at Mr. Brown's, in Store-street, twelve months—I left to get more wages—it is about five minutes' walk from where the prisoner was standing to the shop I went to; it is out of sight—if I had been disposed I might have gone away.

MR. PLATT. Q. Had you plenty of time to see the man's face? A. Yes; he is the man, I have no doubt.





ROBERT SELTH
. I am a poulterer, in Tottenham-court-road. On 26th March the last witness brought this note to me—I opened it, and found this check inside it—it is dated 26th March, 1853, on Messrs. Praed and Co., for 12l. 10s„ drawn by Mary May hew, payable to R. Daley, Esq.—this is the note—(read: "Will Mr. Selth oblige Mrs. Daley with cash for the inclosed check immediately, by the bearer. 34, Keppel-street")—I know Mr. Daley, and have cashed checks repeatedly for him—on this occasion I

believed the note came from him—I delivered the boy the twelve sovereigns and a half—I marked the check, and gave it in at the station.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Was the check crossed when it came to you? A. No; I crossed it.





DAVID BURN
. I am clerk to Messrs. Praed and Co., in Fleet-street, bankers. Mary Mayhew does not keep cash with us.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Do you know the names of persons who keep accounts at your bank by the ledger? A. Yes; the ledger is not in Court—it is only by consulting the ledger that I know what names are in it—that is the only way we can speak positively—I am City clerk—I take the Bank and Lombard-street walk, and in the afternoon I write off the debits in the cash book—I have no knowledge of Mrs. Mayhew—I have examined the book—no person of the name of Mary Mayhew keeps an account there.

MR. PARRY. Q. Who opens the accounts at your bank? A. The ledger keeper; I have posted in the ledger, but it is not my regular duty.





ROBERT ADAMS
 (policeman E 109). This check was delivered to me at the station by Mr. Clements, the inspector.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
