



194. 




LEVY TOBIAS



, breaking and entering the shop of 



Henry Wilson and another, and stealing 170 pairs of gloves, value 25l.; their goods.—2nd COUNT: receiving the same.


MESSRS. LOCKE
and
PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE TREW
 (City-policeman, 26). In consequence of information, on 20th Dec, about 11 o'clock in the morning, I went with Webb to opposite 43, London-road, where the prisoner lives—a short time after we got there, the prisoner came out of his house with a blue bag with something in it—I was in plain clothes—I cannot tell whether he saw me or not—I crossed towards him, and he turned and went to the side-door of the Prince of Walet, which is within three or four doors of his own house—the front-door of the public-house is in the London-road, and the side-door in another street—I followed him—he passed the bar, and went up a passage to a little room at the end, down a step, which was dark—I was close to him, and met him coming out of the room again without the bag—I stopped him, and said, "Where is that bag which you had?"—he said, "I had no bag"—I said, "Yes, you had; it was a blue one"—I pushed him back into the room, and in doing so my foot struck against something, which was this bag (produced)—it is similar to the one he was carrying, and was lying close to where he stood, just by the table; it was a very small room—I said, "This is the bag; what has it in it?"—he said, "I know nothing about it"—I told him I was an officer, and he matt consider himself in custody—I examined the bag, and found it contained 100 pairs of kid-gloves, seventy pairs of woollen, and eight odd gloves—I took him to the station, and afterwards searched his house—I afterwards received six gloves from Mrs. Wilson, which match six of the odd ones I found.

Cross-examined by
MR. GIFFORD. Q. Had the room a window in it? A. Yes; looking into the bar—Webb was in front of the bar, five or six yards off, when I stopped the prisoner—the room is round a passage from the bar—Webb was not in sight—the passage was very dark; I could hardly find my way—I found the bag just at the bottom of the step—we were watching

his house from a beer-shop opposite—he passed the front-door of the public-house, and went in at the side.





HENRY WEBB
 (City-policeman, 258). I was with Trew, in plain clothes in the London-road, on 20th Dec, and saw the prisoner come out of No. 43 with a blue bag—I watched him—he turned down the first street on the, right, and went is at the side-door of a public-house at the corner of the street—the front door is in the main-street, and there are two doors in the side street—he want in at the furthest side-door—we went in—Trew followed him up the passage, I and I remained in front of the bar—in about two minutes, Trew came back with the prisoner and the bag—we, went up the London-road, met an officer of the L division, and we went to die prisoner's house—Trek searched it, and found a quantity of jewellery, rings, plat and watches—while he was searching, I had the prisoner in custody, and also the bag, and the prisoner said." Those I gloves in that bag can be accounted for; they were bought at Mr. Bay Ley's in I Wood-street, Cheapeide"—I asked him for the invoice—he said he hid no I invoice; they were bought as a job—lot about three weeks before.

Cross-examined by
MR. GIFFORD. Q. The jewellery and other goods have been returned to the prisoner? A. Yes.

MR. LOCKE. Q. All, with the exception of a watch? A. Yes; which is here now.

MR. GIFFORD. Q. Are there doors all round the public-house? A. Two I are in the main street and two in the aide—the side-doors are just like the I others—it is an ordinary corner public-house—I waited in front of the bar to I see that the prisoner did not come out another, way—I did not hear the con—I versation between Trew and the prisoner—I was within call—the prisoner I did not say he bought the gloves at Bayjey's, but that they were bought—I believe he is a general dealer; he has a general shop at 43, London road—I have known him about two months—he deals in watches, brooches, glasses china, and things of other descriptions.





MARY ROWE WILSON
. I am the wife of William Andrew Wilson, hosier and glover, of 43, Mincing-lane, in the parish of Allhallows Staining. Between Saturday, 6th Dec, and Monday, 8th, our shop was broken into—it was left secure on the Saturday night—we lost about thirty or forty dozen pairs of gloves—my husband is never in the business; my brother-in-law and I manage it—I believe these gloves produced to be part, or what we lost—there is no private mark on them, but they agree in colour and quality—these six odd gloves (produced) were found in the window after the robbery, and I marked them—I have matched them with six of those found in the prisoner's bag, and believe them to be pairs.

Cross-examined by
MR. HOLL. Q. Do you always keep the gloves in pairs? A. Yes; we never separate them—we have a large stock—we have not sold many of this sort of kid gloves.

MR. LOCKE. Q. Did you ever sell a single glove? A. Never.





HENRY WILSON
. I am a hosier and glover, in partnership with William Andrew Wilson, at 43, Mincing-lane. On Saturday night, 6th Dec, I left the shop at half-past 9 o'clock, and fastened it up—I was the last person that came out—no one sleeps there—I locked the padlock, which confines the iron bar at the door—I went on the Monday, at about 10, and missed a large quantity of gloves, shirts, calicos, railway-wrappers, and a quantity of other articles—I have examined the gloves produced, and believe they are a portion of what we lost—I can swear to this pair in particular (pointing them out)—I sold them to a party who brought them back next day; they are a very bad pair, and split in a peculiar manner, and I put them aside in a box

—I found six odd gloves on the Monday—I hare compared them with six shown me by Trew, and they form pairs—they are our property.

Cross-examined by
MR. GIFFORD. Q. This pair were put into a box by themselves? A. Yes; I cannot say whether the box was left—some of them are a common sort of gloves, and some of them are of a kind no retail, shop would get rid of, except at a sacrifice—they are to be found at other shops—I am brother-in-law of the last witness.





JOHN MELSON
. I am clerk to Mr. Bayley, auctioneer, of Wood-street, Cheapside, and superintend the things sold by him—we never sold these gloves—Mr. Bayley sold the prisoner a job-lot of gloves on 25th Nov.; they were not of the same class as these—that is the last time we sold him any—I have been with Mr. Bayley twenty-three years.

Cross-examined by
MR. GIFFORD. Q. Do you know the prisoner? A. Yes; he is a general dealer, and buys job-lots.

COURT. Q. Were those he bought so different from these that they could not be mistaken for them? A. They were quite different—what we told him were forty-seven pairs of dogskin gloves, and these are kid.
(Henry Bray, confectioner, of Crown-row, Walworth; Georye Hayward, baker, one of the Guardians of St. George's, Southwark; James Addington, oil and colourman, of 84, London-road;—Dunn, butcher, of the London-road;—Ellis, dealer in jewellery, of Walworth;—Hall, tailor, of 87, London-road;—Cusan, auctioneer, of 47, Basinghall-street;—Clayton, licensed victualler:—Randall, butcher, of the London-road;—Davit, tobacco manufacturer;—Moss and—Hyams, warders of the Jewish Synagogue;—Burton, auctioneer, of Ludgate-hill; William Duck, dealer in metal; Paul Addington, varnish manufacturer, of Mitcham; Richard Saul, tailor, of 54, Borough-road, and Charles Shaw, watchmaker, all deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY

on 2nd Count. Aged 37.—


Transported for Seven Years.

