




1017. 




JOHN FENDALL
 and 




ALFRED WRIGHT



, stealing 102lbs. weight of lead, value 8s.; the goods of 



John Henry Coward and another, fixed to a building: Wright having been before convicted.


FENDALL pleaded


GUILTY
 . * Aged 28.—



Confined Twelve Months.






JAMES KITE
. I am foreman to John Henry Coward and William Needham, starch-makers, of Prince's-street, Lambeth. On 24th March, I missed some lead off the sky-light and gutters at the back of the premises—I do not think I had been there for two months—on the following Wednesday I missed some more lead which I had seen safe on 25th—I gave information and set the police to watch—on 1st April, I found the prisoners in custody, and then missed a third quantity—I saw some lead fitted to the sky-light, the holes in it corresponded exactly with the nails left in the roof, and the size corresponded.





JAMES M'MILLAN
 (policeman, L 27). On 31st March, I was watching the premises with Atlee, and about eight o'clock in the evening we heard a noise on the roof; I went to the back of the premises, stopped there five minutes, and saw the prisoners on the roof with something on their heads, which they threw down on some old bricks; they then got down, put it into a bag, and made off together—I followed; they saw or heard me, dropped the lead, and got over a fence into a railway arch, the gas-light at the fence shone on their faces, and I am able to swear to them both—I ran after Fendall; I saw Atlee find the bag, it contained four pieces of lead—I afterwards took Wright and told him what it was for, he said nothing.





WILLIAM ATLEE
 (policeman, L 4). I was watching with M'Millan; I heard a noise on the roof, and sent him backwards—Fendall was taken, and locked up—I found a bag, containing six pieces of lead—I went the next day, and found that the holes in the lead fitted with the nails left on the roof, and the marks on the tiles corresponded.

Wright's Defence. I was at the Victoria playhouse from half-past five till ten minutes past twelve o'clock; I was not locked up till two.






JAMES FROST
 (policeman, L 59). I produce a certificate—(read—Central Criminal Court: Alfred Wright, Convicted June, 1846, having been before convicted; confined nine months>)—I was present—Wright is the person.

WRIGHT—


GUILTY
. ** Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.

