








918. 




WILLIAM GRIMES,


 WILLIAM MACK,



 JOHN MACK,



 MICHAEL BELCHER
, and 




JAMES FITZGERALD



, stealing 2 planes and other articles, value 12s.; the goods of 



Charles Boston; Grimes and Fitzgerald having been before convicted.






FRANCIS FRYER
 (police-sergeant, E 15). I was on duty, on 11th April, in Church-street, Westminster—I saw the prisoners together—Belcher was carrying something bulky on his shoulder—I watched them out of Church-street into Church-lane, and then into Carrier-street—they were walking at a sharp rate—I got assistance, and went to the ground-floor of No. 3, Carrier-street, where I knew they lived—I had missed them before they got there—when I got to the room I found them all there; that was not three minutes after I saw them in the street—John Mack was in bed; Belcher was lying down partly undressed; Fitzgerald was in bed with all his clothes on—I found a quantity of wet linen under the bed, and some keys in the window—I saw Hall find, at the foot of the bed, two planes, a saw, and a square(produced)—a coat laid by the side of Belcher, and when he put it on it was all wet, and their shoes were wet—there had been rain between three and four o'clock that morning.





HENRY HALL
 (policeman, E 66). I went with Fryer—I saw two beds, one on the floor, and one on a bedstead—Belcher and John Mack were in the bed on the floor—I found a pair of trowsers on the other bed, and in the pocket I found two skeleton-keys—Belcher jumped out of bed and said, "What the b—y h—I do you do with my trowsers?"—I found in the room these two planes, a saw, and a square—I afterwards went to a shop in Crown-street, Soho—one of the keys I found in the trowsers unlocked the shop-door.





CHARLES BOSTON
. I live in Little Wild-street, and am a carpenter. These planes, saw, and square, are mine—I left them at 30, Crown-street, on the night before the robbery—at nine o'clock, when I went next morning, they were gone.

William Mack's Defence. I went out, and left about four o'clock in the morning, to join my ship at seven, but wishing to see my brother, whom I had not seen for nine months I found his lodging; I found him lying in bed, and four other young men; I was with him about ten minutes when the officers came in, and took the whole of us into custody, on a charge of which I know nothing.

John Mack. I was in bed and asleep.

Belcher's Defence. I saw a bundle in a doorway; I took it up, and two

keys fell out; I took the bundle home, and put it on the bed; I had not been in bed long before the officers came.

Fitzgerald's Defence. I met William Mack, who asked me to show him where his brother lived; I showed him, and the officer came and took me.





JOHN BLOOMFIELD
 (policeman, E 143). I produce a certificate of Grimes' conviction—(read—Convicted Oct., 1848; and confined six months)—he is the person.





JOSEPH HUGHES
 (police-sergeant, E 13). I produce a certificate of Fitzgerald's conviction—(Convicted May, 1849; and confined six months)—he is the person.

GRIMES—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

FITZGERALD—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.





Transported for Seven Years.


JOHN MACK—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

BELCHER—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.






Confined Twelve Months.


WILLIAM MACK—


NOT GUILTY
.

There was 

another indictment against

WILLIAM MACK, upon which no evidence was offered.





NOT GUILTY
.
