



1605. 




AMELIA LANGLEY



, stealing 1 ring, value 5l.; the goods of 



Philip George Dodd.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES FREDERICK LEACH
. I am in the service of Philip George Dodd, a jeweller, 79, Cornhill; he does not occupy the house, only the shop, and two rooms at the back. On 9th July I had charge of the shop—the prisoner came in about three o'clock in the afternoon—she asked to look at a ring which was in a tray of rings in the window—it was a serpent ring, with an opal in it—I took the tray from the window and showed her the rings—while

she was looking it over, I said, "I have some other serpent rings which I will show you"—I turned to the window, and took two other rings out, an emerald and a ruby—she liked them in preference to the others, because they were less expensive—she selected the ruby one, which was 3l. 5s.—she then asked to look at some brooches, which I showed her, and she selected one, at 18s.—she then wanted some gilt bracelets, which I showed her—she selected one pair—she required a silver thimble, one of which she selected from a number—I made her a bill of the articles, which amounted to 5l. 0s. 6d.—she requested some one might be sent with the articles, which would be paid for when they reached home—nothing had passed between us about a diamond ring, but in the tray I showed her there was a diamond ring, and when she was gone that ring was missing—our porter went with her with the things—he had been in the shop the whole time she was there—no other person came in—I missed the diamond ring not two minutes after she was gone—it had been in the front row of the tray that I showed her—the porter returned in about twenty minutes—he made a statement to me, and, in consequence of what he said, I went, at five o'clock, to Milk-street—I could not find the prisoner, nor hear anything of her—I went again the next morning, and again in the afternoon, but they knew nothing about her—it was at a warehouse in Milk-street, a part of which is occupied by Mr. Clay—the price of the ring was 5l. 10s.—I have seen it since—this is it—it has our private mark on it.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Has Mr. Dodd any partner? A. No; I manage the business—there is an assistant and an apprentice—the apprentice remained in the shop—I saw that the prisoner and the porter went towards the Exchange—I kept my eyes pretty well open, and it was the duty of the apprentice to keep a sharp look-out—there is always some one looking—I will undertake to say that this ring was in the tray—I cannot say how many rings were in the tray; I should think there were three dozen—after showing the tray to the prisoner, I removed it from before her, to show her other things—I do not swear that my attention was drawn to this ring when I showed her the tray—I will swear it was in the tray—on the day previous I had arranged the things in the tray—in the first row I filled up all the spaces; in the second row, the alternate spaces; and in the third row also; and immediately I took the tray when she was gone, I missed a diamond ring from the front, because I knew I had placed four diamond rings there—I will swear that the tray was filled in the way which I have described when I showed it her—I did not miss the ring before she left the shop, because I was showing her other articles.

COURT. Q. Was the tray still within her reach? A. Yes, quite so—I found three diamond rings remaining.





JOHN SHAW
. I am assistant to Mr. Dodd. I was in the shop with Mr. Leach about three o'clock that afternoon—I remember the prisoner coming in—I took notice of her—she asked Mr. Leach to show her a gentleman's ring which was in the window—he did so, and she did not like it, because it was too high—he placed the tray before her—she looked at one, and then he showed her some from the window—she took one which was less price—she then asked for bracelets, and then for a thimble—she requested to look at ear-rings—we said we had none—she then desired the bill and the things to be sent to Milk-street—I went there with her—she told me to wait outside a door—she went to a door, where the name of Clay and Kemp was up—she said, "Wait here a moment; I will see if ray uncle Clay is at home," or words to that effect—she came back in a moment or two, and said, "My uncle Clay is not

at home; he will be at home about 5 o'clock; if you will can then I will pay you the bill"—I left her—I took the articles back with me, and told Mr. Leach what had passed.





CHARLES KEEFE
. I was an assistant to Mr. Young, a pawnbroker, in Leicester-square. On 9th July this ring was pawned by the prisoner; I cannot say at what time, but I should think, by the entry in the book, it was in the latter part of the day—I had not seen her before—I advanced 3l. 10s. on it—this is the duplicate I gave—it is in the name of Mrs. Hallum, 4, Well-street.

Cross-examined. Q. When was your attention called to this? A. By a constable calling about a fortnight afterwards; I saw the prisoner again at Guildhall—she was in the dock—I stated she was the woman.





SABAH DRAPER
. I am the wife of Thomas Draper; I keep a ladies' wardrobe, in Queen-street, Brompton. I had known the prisoner for some time—she called on me in the evening of 13th July, produced two duplicates, and asked if I would purchase them—I declined to do so—I was engaged in the shop, and she left them on the mantel-piece—I gave them to the officer—this is one of them.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—(The prisoner was further charged with having been before convicted: to which she pleaded Guilty.)—


Transported for Seven Years.

