



879. 




JAMES DANIELS



, feloniously uttering counterfeit coin.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
ELLIS, JUN., conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL JARMAN
. I am clerk to the Solicitor of the Treasury. I produce a certified copy of the conviction of James Daniels—(read: Convicted at this Court, May, 1851, of uttering a counterfeit sovereign; confined Six Months.)





JEREMIAH LOCKERBY
 (policeman, G 23). I was present at that trial—the prisoner is the same man.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Were you a witness on the trial? A. Yes





CATHARINE COLLINS
. I am the wife of George Collins, a greengrocer, of

St. Pancras. On 4th May, between 8 and 9 o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came; he asked for three pounds of potatoes, which came to 3d.—I served him; he gave me a sovereign, I examined it and it was good—I had not change to give him—I sent my daughter Elizabeth out to get change; she brought it all in silver; I gave the prisoner 19s. 9d.—he then said he wished to have a half sovereign to send in the country—I gave my daughter ten shillings of the change she had brought to get a half sovereign—while she was gone the prisoner said the little girl was a good while gone—I told him he had better take his full change, and if he came back again I would give him a half sovereign—he said, could I not bring it or send it him—I said, "Yes"—he said, "It is the first house up the court"—I asked what name I should ask for, and he said, "White"—he then went away, taking the 19s. 9d.—soon afterwards my little girl came back, bringing a half sovereign—I tried it, and found it was good—I then took it myself to Clarence-court, and found the prisoner standing in the first doorway, with the potatoes in his hand—I gave him the half sovereign, and he took it, and said he bad now enough money to pay for the potatoes, and he wished to have his sovereign again—he gave me a half sovereign back, which I thought was the same that I gave him—I came home to my shop, and gave that half sovereign to my daughter, and ten shillings in silver, to go and get a sovereign—she went and brought me a sovereign—I examined it—I think it was of the reign of George IV., it was good—I took it across to the court, I found the prisoner standing in the court, I gave him the sovereign; he said he was very sorry be had not got money enough, he bad only 2d. instead of 3d.—he gave me back a sovereign, which was a Victoria one; I examined it when I got home, I found it was very different to the one I gave him, it was bad—I went back and endeavoured to find the prisoner, but he was gone—I never saw him again till he was in custody—I found Mrs. Whitlock in my shop, and two constables; I gave them the sovereign first; I then found the half sovereign was bad, and gave that to the constable.

Cross-examined. Q. On what day was this? A. On Wednesday, 4th May; I thought it was the 5th at first, but I always knew it was on Wednesday—Clarence-court is not a dark court—there is a large lamp at the end of it, over the public house door—I did rather suspect something when he said he had not enough to pay—the prisoner had dealt with me before—I am quite sure he is the person—he was in my shop about ten minutes, or rather better—my daughter was in the shop when he came; she did not go with me to Clarence-court—I swear the prisoner gave me a bad half sovereign and a bad sovereign—I examined the sovereign three minutes after I got it, in my own parlour—I had not parted with it or put it down.





ELIZABETH COLLINS
. I am the daughter of the last witness, and am twelve years old. I know the prisoner; I had seen him at my mother's shop—on Wednesday, 4th May, I was there, when he came for three pounds of potatoes—he gave my mother a sovereign; she gave it me to get change—I went to Mr. Harris, a baker—he gave me change, all silver—I took it to my mother—the prisoner was there then, and he said he wanted a half sovereign—my mother gave me 10s. to go and get one—I went to Mrs. Short-land's—she gave me a half sovereign; I carried it to my mother, and gave it to her—the prisoner was then gone—my mother went in doors and tried the half sovereign; she then went out—when she came back she gave me a half sovereign and 105.—I was to go and get them changed for a sovereign—I went to Mrs. Whitlock's, and she gave me a sovereign for them, which I carried to my mother—the prisoner is the man who was there.


Cross-examined. Q. How did your mother try the money? A. She bit it, and sounded it on the table.





MARY ANN SHORTLAND
. My husband keeps a butcher's shop, in Brewer-street. On the evening of 4th May, the last witness came to my shop and brought 10s.—she asked me to give her a half sovereign for it; I did so—I tried it, and it was good.

Cross-examined. Q. How did you try it? A. With my teeth; I take a good deal of money in a week.





SARAH WHITLOCK
. I keep a cheesemonger's shop, in Brewer-street. I saw Elizabeth Collins in my shop on 4th May, about 9 o'clock in the evening—she wanted me to give her a sovereign for 10s. and a half sovereign—I gave her one of the reign of George the Third—it was good—she left the shop—I looked at the half sovereign—it had been in my hand from the time she brought it me—I tried it with my teeth, and found it was bad—I kept it in my hand till I saw a policeman, and I gave it him—he returned it me—I marked it, and so did he—I went to Mrs. Collins, and showed it her—she gave me 10s. for it.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite sure you took notice of the sovereign you gave, so as to say it was George the Third's? A. Yes; I had no other in the till—I am quite sure it was a good sovereign; I sounded it on the counter, and it rang well'.





THOMAS MASON
 (policeman, S 241). I received the half sovereign from the last witness, on 4th May; it was bad—I marked it, and gave it back to her—I produce the half sovereign and a sovereign which I received from Mrs. Collins





GEORGE COLLINS
. I am the husband of Catherine Collins I was told what had happened—on 7th June I was in the neighbourhood of King'scross; I saw the prisoner, caught hold of him, and told him his name was Daniels—he said it was not—I told him it was—he said, "What if it is?"—I told him I would soon let him know—I caught him round the middle—he said, "Can you swear it is me?"—I had not told him any charge—the policeman came up, and the prisoner again said, "Can you swear it is me?"—I said he was charged with passing a bad sovereign and half sovereign.





WILLIAM WEBSTER
. This half sovereign is a bad one, and this sovereign also—it is of the present reign—both are counterfeit.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.

