




1840. 




WILLIAM FOX
 and 




JOHN HOLLAND



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Blondell, and stealing 2 watches and other articles, value 9l. 18s.; his goods: to which


FOX pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Seven Years.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS BLONDELL
. I am landlord of the Duke of Wellington public-house, in Shoreditch. On the evening of 8th Oct., I found Fox struggling with my son on the staircase—he was taken—some of my property was found on him, and other at his feet, which had been in my bed-room, some in a box, and some in a drawer—the box was locked, and the door of my bed-room—those locks had been picked—the lock of the door was not injured; the lock of the box was—the value of the property taken was 10l. or 12l.—I have a bagatelle-room up-stairs, and my bed-room is up-stairs—the staircase divides them—the doors are opposite to each other—the rooms are on the same floor, but not on the same level.





GEORGE BLONDELL
. I am the son of Thomas Blondell. I remember

the evening on which our house was robbed—on the morning of that day, Fox and a female came to our house about twelve o'clock—the female want up-stairs—Fox was on the stairs—they afterwards went into the parlour, and had refreshment—I sent my sister up after the female—she was up-stairs a few minutes—on the evening of the same day I saw Holland, about a quarter post seven, at the bottom of the stairs—my mother told me to take him a biscuit which I did—I took the money back to the till, and was attempting to go up-stairs, when he stopped me, and desired me to bring him a cigar—I declined that, and told him to go to the bar and fetch it—I then went up-stairs to my father's bed-room, and saw my sister waiting there for the key—I came down for the key, and Holland was then gone—I went up-stairs with the key, and I saw Fox coming out of my father's bedroom door—he tried to fall on me, and to rush down stairs past me—I stopped him, and we had a struggle—my father came out, and Fox was secured—I have always been sure that Holland was the man I saw at the bottom of the stairs—it was dark, but the passage was lighted with gas—I saw enough of his features to be sure of him—I saw him brought back two days afterwards, and I recognised him instantly.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. You had never seen Holland before you saw him at the bottom of the stairs? A. No; when I saw him next he was in custody, brought by the officers—I had not been in the bagatelle-room that evening—I did not take notice whether there were many persons at the bar at the time this occurred—Holland did not go and get the cigar.





JAMES BIGG
 (policeman, A 435). I was sent for to the prosecutor's to take Fox—I found on him this chisel, one skeleton key, and a pair of bracelets which the prosecutor claimed.





JAMES SHIPLEY
 (policeman, G 73). I assisted in taking Fox—I saw this purse and miniature picked up near him—I picked up these eight skeleton keys near where he was standing.





GEORGE CABLE
. I am potboy at the Duke of Wellington public-house. I saw Holland on the evening of the 8th of Oct playing at bagatelle in the club-room up-stairs opposite my master's bed-room—he came about seven o'clock, and staid till about half-past—there was a stout gentleman with him—about twenty minutes after seven, Fox came and joined them—while they were all three there, I took them two cigars—the stout man and Holland each took one—one of them asked Fox if he would take one, and he said, "No"—I had before served them with sixpenny-worth of brandy and water, and sixpenny-worth of gin and water—Holland and the stout man had them—after I had served them with the cigars I went out, and did not see then again—I saw Holland again on the Thursday following, when Brannan brought him to the house—the room in which I had seen him was lighted—I saw enough of him to be sure he was one of the men—I knew him again directly he came in.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen him before? A. Yes; once before playing at bagatelle—I did not know his name then—I heard him say his name at Worship-street—I was there when Holland and the stout man came in—they had the gin and water and brandy and water before Fox came—there was no one else there.





MARY ANN BLONDELL
. I am the prosecutor's wife—I was at home on the Tuesday evening of this robbery—I saw the prisoner Holland that evening on the stairs—he was coining down—it was about half-past seven o'clock—when he got to the bottom, he asked me to give him a biscuit—I told him to go to the bar to get it—he took some coppers out of his pocket and gave me a penny, and told me to go—I told my son to give him a biscuit which he did—Holland then went up-stairs, and I noticed a peculiar walk as he was

going—he came down again, and he asked both my son and my daughter for a cigar—they did not give him one—my daughter and son then went up-stairs and they met Fox—Holland was then gone; I did not see him altogether above five minutes—I had such an opportunity of seeing him as to mark his features, from the peculiar way he behaved—I saw him two days afterwards when the officer brought him, I knew him, but I did not recognise him immediately.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-inspector). In consequence of information, I went on the 10th of Oct. to the House of Detention, at Clerkenwell—I found Holland in the turnkey's lodge—the turnkey was there also, and he told me that Holland had come to see a man who was in custody of the name of Fox—Holland did not say anything to that—I told him he must consider himself in my custody for being concerned with another man in a robbery at the Duke of Wellington, in Shoreditch, the night before last—he said he knew nothing about it; he knew Shoreditch very well, but he did not know the Duke of Wellington—I asked him whether he would go to the station, or to the prosecutor's—he chose to go to the prosecutor's, and when he got there he was identified by three persons.

Cross-examined. Q. What time was it you went to Clerkenwell? A. Between twelve and one o'clock—Holland gave me his address at the House of Detention, at No. 22, Vincent-street, Bethnal-green—I said, "If you are not identified, it will be in your way home to go to Shoreditch."





PETER FAIBBURN CLEPHAM
. I live at 257, Shoreditch, five doors from the Duke of Wellington, on the same side—according to my recollection, I saw Holland on the night of the robbery, from twenty minutes to half past seven o'clock—he was coming out of the Duke of Wellington—a stout man had come out a few minutes before; and when Holland came out, they went by the side of the cabs, and had a few minutes' conversation—a day or two afterwards I was under the impression that I saw Holland passing by my door between the last witness and another officer—I believe he was the man—I had never seen him before.

Cross-examined. Q. You saw the stout man come out of the public-house? A. Yes, prior to Holland coming out—I was standing at my door—the lamps were lighted—it was not a gloomy evening—I saw him next in company with the police—I did not know he was taken up, I had heard it—when I saw him next he was at Worship-street—I believe he is the man.

HOLLAND—


GUILTY
. Aged 45.—


Transported for Seven Years.

