





413. 




WILLIAM MITCHELL,



 WILLIAM HENRY
, and 




ISAAC ROWE



, stealing 1 purse, and 1l. 16s.; the property of 



Henry Hallett, from the person of 



Emma Elizabeth Hallett: to which


HENRY pleaded 


GUILTY
.
Mr. COOPER
conducted the Prosecution.






EMMA ELIZABETH HALLETT
. I am the wife of Henry Hallett, of No. 36,

King-street, Stepney, an officer in the Customs. On 8th Feb., about 3 o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Leadenhall-street—an elderly woman asked me the way to Tower-hill—I directed her; and while looking up, I saw the prisoners Mitchell and Rowe watching me—I walked on a short distance—they walked before me, and when about two yards before me they turned round and watched me again very close—I then turned back as far as Fisher's print shop, two or three doors from Billiter-street—before looking in at the window, I turned back, and saw them twelve or fourteen yards before me, and other passengers intervened, and I then lost sight of them—I looked into the window a short time, then turned round, and whether I walked a little way or not I cannot say, but I then felt some one's hand in my pocket—that might have been two, three, or five minutes after I lost sight of Mitchell and Rowe—I looked round, and saw the prisoner Henry's left hand in my pocket, and I saw my purse in his hand; he then ran away, and I followed, calling, "Stop thief!"—he ran some distance, on the same side of the way, and then crossed to where some cabs were standing—by the time I arrived at the cabs he was in the custody of the police, and my purse also—this is my purse (produced by Haydon).

Cross-examined by Mr. SLEIGH. Q. Was Leadenhall-street crowded as it usually is? A. Tolerably so—Mitchell and Rowe were walking side by side, not arm in arm—when I told the old lady the direction to Tower-hill, I observed them watching me more closely than they had any right to do—they were then very close to me, almost facing me; I saw their faces—I was not then looking into any shop—the last I saw of them they were on the same side of the way as me—I was not looking into the print shop when I felt the hand in my pocket; I was looking to see that my way was clear—I did not see Henry's face till he was at the station—I did not notice whether any one else was near me at the time I lost my purse.
Mr. COOPER. Q. The moment you lost your purse you called, "Thief!" and ran, and saw a man running? A. Yes; and I did not lose sight of him till he was within the cabs.






MICHAEL HAYDON
 (City policeman). On the afternoon of 8th Feb., about a quarter before 3 o'clock, I was with Brett, in Leadenhall-street, and saw all the prisoners together there—I had known them before, and watched them—I first saw them standing in conversation outside the Black Boy and Camel public house—I saw them separate on the approach of a lady, and Rowe went in front of her, Mitchell behind, with the skirts of his coat spread open, and Henry on her right hand side—after that I saw Mrs. Hallett at the corner of Billiter-street, in Leadenhall-street—I saw Henry place himself on her right side, near the corner of Billiter-street—at that time he did not do anything; my attention was called to the other two, who were standing at the right side of Henry, about two yards off—I then saw Henry put his left hand to the right side of Mrs. Hallett's dress; he pulled his hand out, and at the same instant I saw him dart away, and heard Mrs. Hallett cry out," Stop thief!"—I immediately pursued him; he ran about 150 yards, the prosecutrix pursuing him part of the way; the street was blocked with carriages; he ran under a horse's head, and the moment he saw me (I was then within about a yard of him) he crossed over, threw the purse out of his left hand, and it fell on the seat of a cab; at the same instant I hit his heel with my toe, and we both fell down together, and Carter came up.

Cross-examined. Q. When Henry put his hand into Mrs. Hallett's pocket, did you see the other two? A. Yes, distinctly; they were at the corner, and Mrs. Hallett stood two or three yards from the corner—there were a good

many other persons there at the time, passing and repassing—Mitchell and Rowe were not talking to each other then.





JAMES BRETT
 (City policeman, 13). I was in Leadenhall-street on this day, at a little before 3 o'clock, and saw the three prisoners speaking together, near the Black Boy and Camel—I saw a lady walking towards Cornhill, and Rowe walked in front of her, Mitchell behind her, and Henry by her side, and placed his hand by her dress—about twenty minutes after that I saw Henry at the right side of the prosecutrix, with his hand down towards her dress, behind him stood Mitchell and Rowe, on the right—they were not so perhaps more than half a minute when I saw Henry suddenly spring away, and the lady ran after him—I immediately collared Rowe and Mitchell, and called "Police!"—they were at the corner of Billiter-street, just starting off in the same direction as Henry—Mitchell said, "What are you taking us for, Brett?"—I said, "For picking pockets"—Rowe said, "By G—we have not been picking pockets; I have only just come from the West, where I have just put 6l. on Jack Grant; let us go, Mr. Brett, and you shall not see as in the City any more to-day"—they knew me well, I have known them for years; it was in consequence of that that I watched them—I searched them at the station, and found on Mitchell 5 1/2 d., and on Rowe 7d., and the key of a pair of handcuffs.

Cross-examined. Q. How far do you say Mitchell and Rowe were from Henry at the time he committed the robbery; how many yards do you call it, ten or twenty? A. I should say not more than two, if two.





DANIEL CARTER
 (City policeman, 82). I saw Henry running away, and took him into custody—I saw the purse thrown.




GUILTY
.
(The prisoners were further charged with having been before convicted.)





WILLIAM WILLIS
. I produce a certificate (read—"William Mitchell convicted at Liverpool Quarter Sessions, Dec, 1848, of stealing a purse, one 100l. note, one 50l. note, and 8l. 3s. 6d.—
Confined twelve months")—I was present at that trial—Mitchell is the same person.





JOHN WILLIAM NORMAN
 (policeman, A 148). I produce a certificate (read—"


William Smith, convicted at Guildford, Jan., 1852, of stealing a watch from the person—
Confined three months")—I was present at that trial—Henry is the person who was so tried.





THOMAS ROBERT EVEREST
. I produce a certificate (read—"



John Johnstone, convicted on his own confession, at Maidstone, Jan., 1844, of stealing a coat—
Confined one month")—I was present—Rowe is the same person.

HENRY—
GUILTY.** Aged 20.

MITCHELL—
GUILTY.** Aged 42.

ROWE—
GUILTY.** Aged 43.






Transported for Ten Years.

