




680. 




JAMES WHITE
 and 




MATTHEW KEOUGH



, stealing 1 waistcoat, value 1s.; the goods of 



Nicholas Neal: 1 jacket, 20s.; the goods of 



John Hasset: and 1 jacket, and other articles, 19s.; the goods of 



Christopher Thompson, in a vessel, on the navigable 
River Thames:Keough having been before convicted; to which


KEOUGH pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven year.






JOSEPH SHAIN
 (Thames-policeman,40). I was off St. Saviour's Dock, on the morning of 8th Feb.—I saw the prisoners in a boat—I knew White, and asked him what he was doing in the boat—he said he was going to give the other one a cast on the shore, who had just come from Mills'-stairs—I took them into custody—White bad this jacket on, which I afterwards found an owner for.





CHARLES JOHNSON
 (Thames-policeman,67). I was with Shain; Hasset owned the jacket that White had on.





JOHN HASSETT
. I am apprentice on board the brig Secret, which was lying in the Thames—this is my jacket, it was in the cabin, on board the brig, in Pickle Herring Tier—I saw it safe at eleven o'clock on the night of 6th Feb.—the prisoners were stopped at two in the morning, on the 8th.





CHRISTOPHER THOMPSON
. This jacket and trowsers are mine—they were missed from the cabin on 6th Feb., and I saw them on the 8th on Keough's back.

Whites Defence. The coat was lent to me by Keough, to row to the dock in; I wish him to he sworn.





MATTHEW KEOUGH
 (the prisoner). I was coming down Mills'-stairs, at a quarter-past one o'clock, White was standing at the stairs, and asked me if I wanted a boat—I said I had no money; he said, "Never mind"—he took me, and said he was very cold—I lent him the jacket which I had got on board the vessel on Tuesday night—no one saw me—I got the clothes which were on me down in the state-cabin—I was by myself—I swear this man was not with me—the value of the jacket I lent him was 25s.—he put it on, and had it on when the officer stopped us—I was going across to sell the things.





JOSEPH SHAIN

re-examined. White had no jacket on under this jacket—he walked from the station to Stepney police-court in his shirt-sleeves—there has been eight or nine vessels robbed there—the prisoner might have walked round

just as well as going by water, it was not more than 100 yards—the boat they were in they had stolen—it did not belong to either of them—White is not a waterman.





WILLIAM HOLMES
 (policeman, M 209). I produce a certificate of Keough's conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted April 28th, 1849, confined nine months)—he is the person.

WHITE—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—



Confined One Year.

