



941. 




HENRY WILLIAM HALL



, feloniously setting fire to a certain house in his possession, with intent to injure and defraud 



Robert Tubba—Other COUNTS, to injure and defraud 



John Hill and 



Thomas Prebble.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
GIFFARD
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM THOMAS ROSSWELL
. I am clerk to the solicitors for the prosecution. On 11th Aug. I served the prisoner with a notice to produce—this (produced) is a copy of it—(This was a notice to produce the policy effected by the prisoner in the Westminster Fire Insurance Company, on the premises, No. 158, Fleet-street.)





JAMES TRIM
 (City police-sergeant, 69). On the night of 28th Feb., about half past 12 o'clock, I was passing by No. 158, Fleet-street—I saw smoke coming out of the first, second, and third floor windows—I gave the alarm with a rattle, which I got from a man close by me, and sent him off for the engines directly—I then knocked at the door, but no one came—I saw Carter, the waiter of the Portugal Hotel, at the next door, and I went with him on to the leads of the adjoining house—I saw fire raging on the first

floor, at the foot of the stairs—I could see the fire burning up the staircase, which is on a level with the ledge where I was standing—I did not go into the house on that occasion; but on, I think, Wednesday, March 1st, I went into the second floor front room, and saw the remains of three chairs and part of a table, and a mattress on the bedstead, which seemed to be stuffed with shavings—there were a few loose shavings on the bed from the mattress—I think there was a counterpane, but I did not particularly notice—the fire appeared, to the best of my knowledge, to have begun at the foot of the stairs, on the landing of the first floor—the prisoner came there that Wednesday evening—he came in—when he came to the door, he said, "My name is Mr. Hall"—I said, "Yes, I know that"—he said that it was a bad job, and I said it was—he said that the first he heard of the fire was going out in the evening to meet a friend, he went into a coffee shop, and took up the Globe newspaper—he told me that he lived at No. 2, Trinity-street, Liverpool-road, Islington.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. He did not say the day? A. No; this was on the Wednesday that the conversation took place, I think, and I understood him that it was on the evening before that he saw it in the Globe—I only went into the second floor—the mattresses themselves appeared to be stuffed with shavings—there was a little hole in the middle, through which I saw them.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you see shavings anywhere else? A. Yes, round the mattress, but none anywhere else.





THOMAS CARTER
. I am a waiter at the Portugal Hotel, in Flee-street, and was so at the latter end of Feb last. On the night of 27th or morning of 28th Feb. about half past 12 o'clock, I was alarmed by a noise—I went out, and found a crowd collected at the door of No. 158, next door to our premises, and adjoining them—I went to the leads at the back of our house, and got on to the leads of No. 158, so as to be able to look into the house—the leads are nearly on the same level as the floor—there were neither shutters nor blinds to the back window—I looked into the room that was used as a kitchen, and saw a fire burning on the landing—there is only one landing between the room used as a kitchen and the room which looks into Fleet-street—the staircase goes up the centre of the house—it appeared to me to be a well staircase, but I never was higher than the first floor—I saw no fire higher than that—I went into the street again, and saw that firemen were there, and people got into the house—the house had not been open since Saturday night—it was a house for chops, steaks, and refreshments—I saw the prisoner on the Wednesday after the fire, about 2 o'clock in the afternoon; he came into the Portugal Hotel, to receive some money which was due to him for beer—the conversation was not addressed to me, but to the barmaid; it turned upon the fire, and the prisoner said to the barmaid, "It is a bad job for me, but I ought to be thankful that my little children were not there"—I do not know whether they are his children or his sister's, but I have seen children there, and he had his sister living with him as housekeeper—he said that he had locked up the house on Saturday night, and was not there on the Monday, but was staying at his lodging, at Islington, as he was very unwell on Monday, and took some medicine, which kept him at home all day; that the first he heard of the fire was on Tuesday evening, when he was coming down from his lodging at Islington, to keep an appointment with a man at the corner of Chancery-lane, who had taken the business of him, and some one met him and told him that his house was burned down—the barmaid said, "What a strange place to make an appointment

to meet a man on business of that kind!"—Mr. Hall made no reply to that, but took the money that was owing to him and walked out—the shop was open on Saturday, but not afterwards—I had had conversation with him before that, on the state of his business—I used to go in and out sometimes two or three times a day, and used to say, "How are you getting on?" and one morning I said, "Mr. Hall, I do not think you will make a fortune here;" he nodded his head, and said, "Oh, never mind, I will make somebody pay for it some day"—I should think that was about a month before the fire—he was not there above four or five months, certainly not six months.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he tell you that he had taken medicine on Monday, and had lain in bed late on Tuesday in consequence? A. No; he spoke of medicine, and said he had taken pills, but he did not say anything about lying in bed late on Tuesday—he said he had not been at business all day, because he had taken the pills; he was confined all the day to his lodging—he said that he was staying at his lodging at Islington—he did not say that directly after he told me he had heard of the fire on Tuesday; he said he had been stopping there all day on Monday, and the first time he had heard of the fire was on Tuesday, and he had taken medicine which caused him to remain at his lodging—I know that he had fitted the house up, but nothing very extravagant—I did not see the furniture moved in—I have been waiter at tie Portugal Hotel five years—I know that they were finishing the house up in a little better style when the prisoner went in—it was a coffee shop—the last occupant had not neglected it, but he had lost money by it; I think there have been five landlords—I do not know that the prisoner paid 200l. to go into it—I used not to go and gossip with the prisoner, but we used to deal with him—there was an improvement in the house; he made a little improvement in the coffee room—I will not be certain whether he entirely re-fitted up the coffee room.





FREDERICK PERRIER
. I am one of the fire brigade. On Monday night, 27th Feb., I got to fleet-street at about half past 12 o'clock, and with others broke open the door and got in—there was no fire on the ground floor, the great bulk of the fire was on the first floor landing—I was able to get about three parts of the way up the first flight of stairs—we were about two hours before we succeeded in subduing the fire—the staircase was in the middle of the house—there was a wooden partition on the first floor to divide the front room from the staircase—the back room was enclosed by brickwork, a portion of which was standing after the fire—I saw the fire going up the staircase into the first floor rooms, front and back, but the bulk of the fire was on the landing, burning up the staircase very fiercely—I saw no shavings on the premises at that time, but about a fortnight afterwards I saw some in the first floor front room, and the back room, the same on the second floor, and the same on the upper floor—at the time I saw them there had been some carpenters at work on the first floor; the shavings on the second floor had been on the beds—in the front room second floor, and in the back room, I observed shavings which bore traces of fire, and the same on the upper floor, the third floor, in both attics—they were lying about the beds partially burned, and the floors were very much burned; we were not able to stand without planks.

Cross-examined. Q. There were mattresses stuffed with shavings, were not there, in the upper rooms? A. Yes; but the shavings laid about, so that they did not belong to the mattresses, in my opinion—there were mattresses in the room stuffed with shavings—the mattresses were partially

burned—the carpenters had been doing something at that time in the way of shoring up the house, but no other persons had been at work that I know of—no other persons had been in the upper rooms that I know of—an inquest was held about this house by the City Coroner—I was present (no lives were lost)—the prisoner appeared before the inquest and gave his evidence, and I also—the verdict was, that the house was wilfully set on fire by some person unknown.

MR. BODKIN. Q. You know, I believe, that many of the witnesses who are in attendance here, and were examined before the Magistrate, were not examined before the Coroner? A. There are some of them who were not examined.





JAMES GEORGE FLEMING
. I am an officer of the fire brigade. I reached the house between 12 and 1 o'clock on the morning of the fire, and assisted in putting it out—I had charge of the premises till 7th April—I frequently went over the house after the fire was put out—there was very little furniture burned, and what was burned there was some remains of—I saw the prisoner there; the first time was on the Saturday after the fire (which was on Tuesday), Saturday, 4th March, and I saw him two or three times after that—I spoke to him on one occasion, about a fortnight after the fire, and asked him if his claim had gone in to the Fire-office; he said, "No"—I said that it was time now—he said, "It is no use doing a thing in a hurry to be sorry for it afterwards"—we had no conversation on the subject of the fire, or of his claim—I went carefully over the premises, room by room, on several occasions; I went over the first day I got there—in the coffee room very little damage was done, and that was not by fire, only by water and dirt—there was something burned at the foot of the stairs, but not in the coffee room—the staircase is in the middle of the house, and is quite open, it comes down into the bar; the coffee room is enclosed, you cannot go upstairs without going into the bar—if a person wants to go upstairs out of the coffee room, they must go into the bar—the fire had burned down level with the bar, nearly to the bottom—the balustrade was burned, and the stairs were partially gone—the fire did not appear to have extended lower than that—there was a quantity of rubbish on the landing of the first floor, and the landing was entirely consumed—it had destroyed the wooden partition, and the staircase upwards—the fire had begun on the first floor landing; there was no fireplace on the landing—there was a very strong brick fireplace in the kitchen, that remained standing perfect after the fire—I found a great quantity of shavings in the upper part of the house, on the bedsteads—there were seven or eight bedsteads in the house—I think the shavings had formed the stuffing of mattresses, and that the covers had been burned from them—there was a great quantity of shavings lying on the joists on the second and third floors.





WILLIAM BROMFITT STORR
. This (produced) is the claim sent in by the prisoner—he signed it in my presence.

MR. BODKIN
to
J. G. FLEMING (referring to the claim). Q. "Full sized goose feather bed, bolster, and two pillows," in the top front attic, did you find any remains of that? A. No; there was a French bedstead—I did not find a wool mattress, or a "handsome mahogany chest of drawers," or "four new Windsor chairs," or a "handsome dressing glass, in mahogany tray frame," or "four Windsor chairs on the attic landing"—I saw "one French bedstead" in the front room, but not on the landing—in the back attic I saw some part of these "four cane seat chairs"—I saw the remains of three chairs in that room—I did not see a "bedside carpet," or a "full

sized goose feather bed, bolster, and pillows"—I saw a "large French bedstead and palliasse" in the back attic; it was a shaving palliasse.

Q. In the back attic, "450 monthly parts of Ainsworth's and Bentley's works, neatly bound, at 2s. 6d. per part, 56l. 5s.?" A. I did not see a particle of paper about, except in the coffee room, or of books—books are very hard things to burn—in the back room third floor there was a four post bedstead; there was a feather bed, and one bolster, and one pillow on one bedstead in the back room, and a "wool mattress"—there was a "large sized French bedstead" in the same room, and I think there were the remains of some Venetian blinds—there was not "a large dressing glass in a mahogany frame," nor "three new Windsor chairs," nor a "mahogany chest of drawers"—there was not on the landing on the same floor some "nearly new oil cloth"—in the front room, third floor, there was a "handsome four post mahogany bedstead;" at least there was a four post bedstead—there was not a "large sized French bedstead" as well; there was only one bedstead—there were not "two wool mattresses," or a "Venetian carpet on the floor," nor a "dressing glass," "toilet table," "washing stand and fitting," "six new chairs," or a "towel horse"—on the second floor I saw part of a very small dressing glass, also a "four post mahogany bedstead," a "white goose feather bed, bolster," and I do not know whether there was one or two pillows; it was not a good feather bed at all, but it was a feather bed—there were not "twelve cane seated Windsor chairs," nor a "wool mattress"—there was a "toilet table," and a "wash hand stand and fittings"—there was not a "Venetian carpet."

Q. Was there a "Handsome mahogany commode?" A. There were some bed steps—there was not a "mahogany glass case"—in the second floor front there was a "washing stand," not a mahogany one, but it had been a very decent one, by all appearance—it did not correspond with this description, "handsome Spanish mahogany desk wash stand, with nest of drawers, supply cistern inside, and fittings, all complete, 21l.—there was not a "Spanish mahogany four post bedstead"—there was a "large white feather bed, bolster, and pillow," also a "Japan dressing table"—there were not "twelve Windsor chairs," or a "mahogany chest of drawers"—there was a small "dressing glass," and a "wool mattress;" the shaving mattresses were on the bedsteads; they were not additional; there Were wool mattresses on some, and shaving ones on other bedsteads—there were only three wool mattresses—I did not see this "mahogany child's bedstead," nor these "mahogany bed steps"—in the first floor front coffee room, I did not see a "handsome large carpet planned to room."

Q. "Ten Spanish mahogany chairs, 10l. 10s.?" A. I saw the remains of three, and I saw part of a "sofa to match"—I did not see a "handsome china tureen," or a "handsome steel fender, 30s.;" these was an old fender worth about 3s.—there were in the bar some "pieces of oil cloth," a "new chimney glass," an "eight day dial in mahogany case;" these things were not injured, except the clock, which was a little injured by fire, but it was going—I also found these "neatly painted blinds to bar window"—in the kitchen there were several pieces of crockery ware, copper, and some "hot water dishes."

Q. "Three counterpanes, twenty-eight table cloths, twenty-four sheets, sixteen towels, thirteen toilet covers, twenty-two pillow cases, twelve shirts, five blankets, and chintz hangings to bedstead, amounting to about 25l. worth of linen?" A. All the linen there was one sheet and one table

cloth; that was the only remains of linen I could find in the house—linen is a thing which is very difficult to burn.

Q. Did you find "three black cloth cloaks, two pairs of trowsers, four waistcoats, handkerchiefs, collars, stockings, &c.," about 16l. worth of wearing apparel? A. Not a particle—I saw no remains of "a handsome chest, full of clothes, linen, and other articles, value 45l."—all I saw was one chest of drawers empty, which fell from the top part of the house—I did not find "watches, trinkets, and jewels, value 22l."—I did not sift the materials; I did not look for jewellery—I did not find 55l. worth of cigars; I never saw a cigar, or any tobacco there, except what I bought myself—if such a quantity of cigars had been burnt I should be sure to have seen the remains of them—I did not see "fifty-six lbs. loaf sugar, 8 lbs. tea, and 8 lbs. coffee," nor "a quantity of newspapers, value 3l. 10s."—I saw about twelve numbers of the Illustrated News—they were perfect—I saw no numbers of Punch—in the bar I saw six or eight "cruet frames and cruets;" also a "strong double case coffee boiler," and a "four quart oval copper teapot"—they were not injured only by dirt and water—the fire had not extended to the coffee room, therefore what is charged there I can test the accuracy of—a gentleman came and looked over them, and Mr. Hall was with him—there were four casks of ale in the cellars, which had not been tapped, and there were some coals there—28l. is charged for a new watercloset—there was a water closet there, but whether a new one or not I do not know—(the claim for fixtures was 251l. 3s.; for stock, 96l. 14s.; and for household goods, 409l.; total, 756l. 17s.)

Q. You have said you found no such things as many I have put to you; in your judgment and knowledge, should you have found remains of such things if they had been there at the time of the fire? A. I am quite certain that I should have found the chest of drawers, and the linen, and the books I should have seen parts of—books in drawers I think would be seen, but I saw the drawers, and they were quite empty—I should have found the remains of a chest of linen if it had been there, but there was not a particle—it would take a long time to consume when packed in a chest—we got the fire under in about two hours—it began on the first floor landing, in my judgment.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the first floor entirely burned away? A. No, none of it—the ceiling had partially fallen in, and parts of the flooring of the upper rooms—the accumulation of rubbish was on the first floor landing—it remained there till I left, but now it has been carted away, and the house has been rebuilt—there were five or six cart loads of rubbish altogether—the flooring of the first floor had not fallen in, the ceiling of the coffee room was perfect—the rubbish was not sifted—I examined it; I could plainly see all over it—I did not superintend its being taken away.





JOHN PULLEN
. I live with my father, in Pleydell-court. I was in the service of the prisoner, at his house, No. 158, Fleet-street, for seven weeks and three days—I left about a week before the fire, because the work was too heavy for me—I was not discharged—some time before I left I took a truck of goods, about half-past 2 o'clock in the day, from the house in Fleet-street to No. 67, Chancery-lane—there was a sofa, a small writing desk, a fender, some large chairs, a table, and some other things—a week or a fortnight afterwards I went in the evening with another truck to the same place—the prisoner went with me on that occasion—the truck was full—I did not notice whether there were other things besides chairs in it—at

another time I carried a large arm chair to the same place, by Mr. Hall's directions.

Cross-examined. Q. This was to Mr. Halsey's, in Chancery-lane? A. Yes—some things had come in a cart from Chancery-lane some time before, and I heard afterwards that they came from Mr. Halsey—I do not know that Mr. Halsey had been removing—I did not drag the truck myself; it was me and Mr. Dobriski, who is a newspaper man, in Bouverie-street, Fleet-street—it was an odd job that he did—on the second occasion Mr. Hall shoved behind, while I dragged—I think Dobriski was hired by Mr. Halsey—a cart load of furniture had come to Mr. Hall's from Mr. Halsey's, but I do not know whether it was the same furniture that was put in the truck—there were some mattresses fetched from up stairs, but I do not know whether they were taken up while I was away, because the things which were fetched in the cart were put into Mr. Hall's cellar—some of the things which I took in the truck were brought up from the cellar—about three or four chairs came from up stairs, but whether they had been taken from the cellar before they came from up stairs I cannot tell you.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Were the chairs that were brought down in use in the rooms? A. Yes, I fetched them out of the bedrooms—it was about three weeks before I left that the cart came—I think it was my master who told me that the furniture belonged to Mr. Halsey; that was at the time that it happened, when they were bringing them in; I helped to bring them in out of the cart—I do not recollect whether there was a sofa brought out of the cart.





JOHN CHARLES VANNER
. I have been waiter at the Alton coffee house, in Fleet-street. I was in the employment of the prisoner, and left him on the last day of Feb.—I was in his employment for a week before the fire, and was so when it happened—I had to do the general work of the place—Mr. Hall had a sister, who lived with him as housekeeper, and slept in the second floor front—the prisoner slept in the third floor back—there were two children in the house, which were said to be Mr. Hall's—there was a lodger there, who was clerk to Mr. Halsey, of Chancery-lane; he slept on the second floor back—his name is Gleed, I believe—I was there on the Saturday before the fire, and left the premises about half past 8 o'clock at night—I went there again on Sunday morning at half past 6 o'clock—I was not in the habit of going there on Sunday, but he wanted me to go to help to wash up some things, to be packed up—after knocking and ringing for some time the prisoner let me in, and I remained there till about half past 1 o'clock, washing up glass and crockery ware, while he was in the back coffee room eating chops and steaks with his friend, Mr. Hudson; and they were sitting there all the morning, smoking pipes and cigars—I did not see any baskets for packing in that morning, but I did the week before; they were being packed all the week by a Mr. Hudson and the prisoner, in the first floor front room—Mr. Hudson is a friend of my master's; I believe he is a publican—I noticed crockery ware being taken away from the premises during that week from up stairs, and I think two looking glasses—I cannot mention anything else that was taken, because I could not see the contents of the cases—they were taken away at night by cabs—I saw two cabs myself; there were baskets and portmanteaus in them—I believe Mr. Hudson went with them—the two cabs were there at different times—Mr. Hudson went with one, but I do not know about the other—I do not know where they went to—Mr. Hall was in the house on those occasions—I did not hear him say anything about where they were going—I left about half past

1 o'clock on Sunday, and went again on the following morning at about half past 6 o'clock—Mr. Hall opened the door—I did not ring, because the bell was cut away—it was not there on the Sunday—I had rung it in the course of the week—I think it was Friday night that it was gone—I made Mr. Hall hear by kicking at the door for half an hour, and the same on Monday morning—when he came and let me in, he said that his sister had an engagement out of town; and that he had got an engagement, to go and see a friend of his, a gentleman, that day, and he should not be able to open for business that day; and I was to have a holiday, but I was to be sure to be there on the following morning—I went on the following morning, and found that the fire had taken place in the night—when I saw the prisoner on Monday morning, he was dressed, all but his coat—on the Sunday I went up stairs, I did not go into any room, but I looked into the second floor front room, and fancied I observed two bedsteads there—I went into that room on the Wednesday after the fire, and noticed some shavings under the mattress; they were very much burnt—I knew that there was a quantity of shavings in the cellar, I saw them on the Sunday; but when I went into the cellar after the fire, there were not so many; there was not half of them—on the Friday before the fire, when the things were packing up and going away, I asked Mr. Hall if he was going to sell his business—he said that was no business of mine—I then said that I wished to know whether I was to go on with the next people who came, and he said "Yes"—some wages were owing to me, and on the Saturday after the fire I went to the prisoner's lodging, No. 2, Trinity-street, Islington, to be paid, and I noticed articles of furniture which I had previously seen at the house in Fleet-street; there was some bed furniture, four or five horsehair chairs, an easy chair, and, I think, a bedstead; but I will not be positive—there was some bedding, not on the bedstead, but rolled up in bundles on the floor—I did not notice anything else, because I was not allowed to go into the room; but the door was on the jar, and I saw in—on the same occasion, I saw the prisoner's sister at his lodging.

Cross-examined. Q. Were there any wages due to you when you went to Islington? A. Yes; I had been paid one week, but I went for that week's wages—I do not know that his sister lodged at No. 2, Trinity-street, but she was in the house at the time I called—I saw only two cabs; the last was on Friday night—I did not see his sister go with either of them—I do not know where the things went to—I believe Mr. Hudson is a friend of Mr. Hall's; he was there from the first thing in the morning to the last thing at night—when I asked the prisoner if he was going to sell the business, he told me that was his business—he afterwards told me that he had sold the business, and I should go on with the other party.

Q. Did not he ask you to come there and wash up the things that were in general use in the coffee shop? A. He asked me to wash the things for packing—it was glass, but no crockery; glass used in the business—there was a lodger of the name of Gleed, and I heard Mr. Hall say that Mr. Gleed had broken the bell—I do not know that he came home drunk, and broke the bell, I did not lodge in the house, but the prisoner sent me to Mr. Halsey's with a note, about 1 o'clock in the day; that was Thursday, or Friday—I have never seen Mr. Gleed tipsy—I never saw the shavings used for lighting the fires, though I have lighted the fires myself.

MR. BODKIN. Q. When did this clerk of Mr. Halsey's leave? A. On the Thursday night before the fire; he did not sleep in the house later than Friday—I used to go there at half past 6 o'clock in the morning, and I used

to clean his boots—the only fires I lighted were the kitchen and coffee room—it was not ray business to light the fires, but he had no servant, and he said he would have a servant next week.





WILLIAM MARTIN
. I carry on business as a tailor, at Nos. 156 and 157, Fleet-street. On Monday, the day of the fire, the house No. 158 was closed—my attention was drawn to it by persons coming to my place—I went to the back of the house, and found the kitchen window open—I called, "Mr. Hall," very loudly, thinking that he was ill, but I could not make any one hear—it was then about 11 o'clock in the morning—I afterwards got into the kitchen, which is level with the leads—there was no appearance of fire in the grate in the kitchen—my house is next door, but I cannot say positively whether I heard any one in the house after that—I was contemplating alterations, and was there till 10 or 11 o'clock at night, and I think I heard somebody come in, but I should not like to swear it—it was such a noise as would be made by a person coming in—I did not do or say anything in consequence—I was in the house by myself—I had gone and called out two or three times in the course of the day, both in the morning and in the afternoon—I went into the house twice that day, the first time at 10 or 11 o'clock in the forenoon, and the second at 3 or half past 3 o'clock—it was after dinner—I am positive that there was no fire in the grate the last time that I was in the house, because I could look at the fire without getting in—the fireplace faces the window—I went to bed immediately after 12 o'clock, and was aroused by the noise of the fire, I should think, about 20 minutes past 12 o'clock—I had not gone to sleep—some time before this, I had noticed the removal of furniture from the house a great number of times; I cannot say how many—I know the landlord of the house quite well, and made a communication to him in consequence of the removal of the furniture—the things went in carts, trucks, cabs, and different conveyances.

Cross-examined. Q. You say you heard a noise; about what time was that? A. I think about 11 o'clock; I was not in bed then; I was in my shop—I had undressed myself and got into bed before I heard the alarm of fire—I have been in the kitchen before, not always by the back window, but I have been that way several times—I was on friendly terms with Mr. Hall, and used to go in that way—I saw a sofa, a bed, and some chairs go away from the house.

MR. BODKIN. Q. You used to take your meals in his house? A. Yes, generally.





HENRY TICKTON
. I am apprenticed to Mr. Alcock, a carpenter, in Chester-court, Fleet-street. I have taken shavings to the prisoner's house—I had orders from Mr. Brett, the baker, to send them—it appears that the prisoner had asked Mr. Brett's son to send him some—I took them in sacks—I took the first sack about a month before the fire—I saw the prisoner then—I left the shavings outside, and went in and asked him if he wanted any shavings—he said, "Yes; have you got any?"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "Bring them in"—he told me to take them into the cellar, and told me to bring a sack every week—I took four sacks altogether—I only shot two into the cellar; the other two I left in the shop, because Mr. Hall was not in the way—I called again, and he was not in—I went again, and the sack was emptied, and they gave it to me—I went again with a fourth sack, and saw a female—she would not take it in, and I brought it away again—I remember the fire happening—I saw it the next morning—I did not keep it in my mind at all when I took the shavings.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you sell shavings to parties to light their fires?


A. It is a general usage in carpenter's shops; they are my perquisites when there are any, but I cannot always have them—when I brought the second sack, the first did not appear to have been used—Miss Hall would not have the last sack—Mr. Brett was the only other person in Fleet-street whom I served with shavings—I did serve somebody in Fetter-lane.





ELIZA LEE
. On the Saturday night before this fire took place I was in Fleet-street, and saw the prisoner there—I went home with him to his house, No. 158—it was then about 2 o'clock in the morning, and I stopped till about half past 3—there was no one in the house but us two—I went into the kitchen, and into the second floor front room—there was no bedding on the bed, only a blanket—he said that business was very bad, and that his sister had that day taken his children away, and they would be taken care of—I had seen him once or twice before—I remember the night the fire broke out—I was in Fleet-street at the time it broke out, and not far from the house—I was between the house and Farringdon-street—about an hour or an hour and a half before the fire I saw Mr. Hall, I thought it was, going from his own place towards Farringdon-street, on the same side of the way—he may have been six or seven doors from the house—I did not speak to him, nor did he to me.

Cross-examined. Q. You cannot say whether it was Mr. Hall, or not? A. I could not be positive.





ANN WELCE
. I am a servant, and live at No. 2, Gray's Inn-lane. I have got a situation in Bedford-row three weeks ago, but they do not wish me to go there till this trial is over—I was in the prisoners service for a month; I left about eleven days before the fire, I think—I slept in the house, at the top, the back room—while I was there I saw beds, sofas, chairs, tables, glass, carpets, a bedstead, a hearthrug, and several other things being removed from the place, by Mr. Hall and the lad; they used to bring them down stairs between them—I did not see anything outside to carry them in; I did not go out—this was at all hours of the day—the prisoner's sister was there as housekeeper—I remember being on the kitchen stairs and hearing the prisoner say something to his sister, it was on Wednesday evening, and on Thursday morning I gave him warning—the kitchen stairs go from the bar; the same staircase continues to the kitchen—I was coming, downstairs, and Mr. Hall was inside the counter in the bar; they could not see where I was, but I heard Mr. Hall speak to his sister; he called her Louisa, and said he would set fire to the house as soon as the goods were out—his sister never answered a word—I said nothing till the next morning, when I gave warning that I should leave that day week; they looked at one another, but did not say anything—I gave no reason for going, but I would not trust myself there—I never told Mr. Hall what my reason was, or said a word about it to anybody.

Cross-examined. Q. You never said a word about it till after the fire? A. No—Mr. Hall did not turn me away—he refused to pay me my wages, and I went to Guildhall and got a summons for him—I did not get my wages—I had no dispute with him to speak of—there was a row about some potatoes, but that was where I was living before—that has nothing to do with Mr. Hall—I am fond of potatoes, and I dare say you would not refuse them if you had nothing else to eat—I was not charged with stealing potatoes—I do not get my living by stealing, but by hard work—I lived at Mr. Loverett's for seven weeks before I came to Mr. Hall, and we had a little confusion about the vegetables, and I left.

COURT. Q. What was it about? A. About some potatoes—some customers

in the shop wanted them, and they were not cooked; the waitress went up to say that they were not ready, and Mr. Loverett came down and was rather angry that they were not boiled; we had a few words, and I came away.

MR. PARRY. Q. Did you ever live in Shoe-lane? A. No—I do not know Plumtree-court, Shoe-lane, I never lived there—Mr. Loverett lives in Holborn, and I lived with him—he did not live in Plumtree-court, No. 19—his house was at the back of Plumtree-court—before I lived there, I lived in Holborn, in Furnival's Inn-place, I lived there four years—I did not live in Plumtree-court with a woman named Betty—I do not know Betty, nor yet Sally—I swear I know nothing at all about her; nothing of the kind—I never in my life lived at No. 19, Plumtree-court, with a woman that went by the name of Betty, and I can go now and prove it; and nobody ever saw me live there—I have not a relation living in Plumtree-court—I know Plumtree-court, I should say—an aunt of mine does not live there; I have none, and I never did live there.

Q. Did Mr. Hall complain of your smoking in your bedroom? A. Mr. Hall can complain of anything—he did complain of it—I used not to smoke in the bedroom; I will swear that—I did not send the boy out for tobacco to smoke, nor yet to chew, but because every winter I am subject to chilblains, and I brought some tobacco water in my box for chilblains, but it was not to smoke—Mr. Hall certainly did complain of my smoking in my bedroom a great many times, but I always told him it was no such thing.

Q. Did not he tell you he could smell the tobacco? A. He could say anything—he asked me if I did smoke, and I said, "No"—he told me that if I did I should not do it—I do not know how many times he did that—he complained of my drinking as well—the drink was not for chilblains, but he gave no one a chance to drink but himself; his cellar was always locked—I did not try it.

Q. Did he complain of your drinking his ale, over and over again? A. I came here to tell the truth, and I have told it, and I will not tell you any more—he did not give me a chance to rob him of his beer—he did complain of my robbing him, but it was no good, for he had charge of his own cellars.

Q. Did he complain of your going to the tap and letting his beer run away, besides drinking it? A. It is no use to talk about that; it was not my business to go to Mr. Hall's cellar—he did not give me enough to eat, much more to throw away—I did not throw the bread away; I had not sufficient to eat, I am sorry to say, and I would not make myself so mean as to axe him for more, although I am a servant—he charged me with throwing his bread out at the window—I did not throw a lump of bread, and break one of the neighbour's windows; I should think not—there is no mistake about that.

Q. Did not he complain of your throwing bread out, and breaking a pane of glass belonging to his neighbour? A. I have made you an answer, and that is quite satisfied; I am not going to satisfy you any more—I did not break a pane of glass by throwing bread out of the window—I do not know whether the neighbours came and complained or not; it was not my place to listen to every person that came in; he did not hire me to stand at the street door, and see who came in—I heard somebody complain, but who it was I do not know—he did not say who broke it, because he could not see—Mr. Hall will say anything—he does as he pleases, and other persons put up with the consequences—I never lived or lodged at No. 19, Plumtre-court

—I do not know a woman named Catherine Bryant, and I never went into Plumtree-court in my life, though I have lived seven years in Holborn—I do not know a single creature there, male or female—I cannot say whether Plumtree-court is a bad place; you had better go and try; you can make it your business to inquire; perhaps you know better than I do—I do not know a woman named Catherine Bryant in or out of Plumtree-court; I do not know a creature in the world—I have never gone by any other name than Welch—I have never gone by the name of Bryant; I have only gone by one name, and I can always go where that name is called—I heard this conversation, "Louisa, I am going to set the house on fire as soon as all the furniture is out"—it was said loud enough for me to hear, and that is sufficient—I was very near the bar.

Q. Were you listening? A. I will not answer you any more; I cannot go any further.

COURT. Q. Were you, at the time you heard it, hearkening to what they were saying, designedly; were you listening there on purpose? A. No, as I came down for some things in the coffee room.

MR. PARRY. Q. Now, madam, were you listening? A. I am not a madam, and I am not going to answer you one single question more; I have given you perfect satisfaction—never mind whether I was listening, I am not going to speak to you any further;—(the witness declining to answer the question, which was several times repeated, was informed by the
COURT
that she must answer)—I was coming down the kitchen stairs to the coffee room for some things, between 5 and 6 o'clock—the kitchen is up stairs, on the first floor back—you have to pass the bar to go to the coffee room—what Mr. Hall said was not in a very loud tone of voice, but loud enough for me to hear it—I do not know whether there were customers in the coffee room, the door was shut—I have nothing to do with the coffee room—this was more than a week before I left—I had only been about a week in the place when Mr. Hall came up into the kitchen, and said that he was not going to suffer any servant to take any liberties with his victuals, neither smoking or drinking, and I said, "Mr. Hall, I never did"—I listened on the stairs for about five minutes after Mr. Hall said that, but heard nothing else—his sister never answered.





MARY ANN TAPPENDEN
. I am the wife of Mr. Tappenden, who lives in Fleet-street—I had some intention of taking the house, No. 158, Fleet-street, from the prisoner, soon after Christmas—I saw the prisoner upon it—in the first instance he asked me 400l. for the concern, furniture, fixtures, and all; that was some time in Jan.—he afterwards offered it to me as low as 300l.—I said, I should not mind giving 250l.—my agent proposed that we should divide the difference, but that I declined—I had made no agreement with the prisoner at the time the fire happened—on the Friday or Saturday immediately before the fire, I went to the place—there were two gentlemen in the first room as I entered, and the prisoner said, those two gentlemen were about taking the house, and I had better fix upon it at once—I said, "I should consider more about it, but I had not made up my mind at present"—he did not say any more; his sister asked me up stairs to rest, as I was ill at the time.

Cross-examined. Q. Before you made the offer of 250l., did you go over the house? A. Yes; several times—he showed me an inventory, and said what he wished me to take was what he himself had taken when he came in; he told me that he had laid out money upon the place; in the first instance he said about 100l., in fittings and alterations—he pointed them

out to me—I had not much knowledge of the business; it was my husband who wished to enter into it—he pointed out a new water closet that he had built—he mentioned two or three different sums as what he had paid when he went in—at first he said 250l. and then 350l. besides the 100l. that he had laid out—I should have given 250l.—he did not in any way diminish the value of the business in speaking to me—I have never sold a business.
---- PATCHING. I am an auctioneer and agent in Cranbourne-street—about the beginning of Feb., I was consulted by Mrs. Tappenden about the house in Fleet-street—I had sold the house to the former occupant, Mr. Pilkington, in Feb., 1853—there was then a valuation made; it was 113l. and 7l. for fixtures—that was what Mr. Pilkington paid when he went in—there was an inventory on that occasion; that same inventory, with certain additions, was brought to me by Mrs. Tappenden—I went to the house in Feb. last; I found same things in it that were not included in the former valuation—I should suppose the value of those additional things was about 40l. they were to be included in the purchase—there were other things besides, which the prisoner described as his private furniture; I did not of course look at them with a view of purchasing; but I should suppose they were worth about 60l. or 70l.

Q. In going over the premises, did you see anything answering to the description of "a handsome Spanish mahogany desk washstand, with nest of drawers, supply cistern inside, and fittings all complete, 20 guineas? A. I saw nothing which would amount to anything like that value—I saw a mahogany wash hand stand—I saw nothing which I should reckon above the value of from 2l. to 3l.—I saw a sort of mahogany square enclosed wash hand stand; I did not look into the interior of it—I know what they are generally; if there had been an article answering that description, I could not have failed to notice it—I did not tell the prisoner that I came there on the part of Mrs. Tappenden—he told me that he had been offered 300l. by Mrs. Tappenden, which I knew to be false—he did not know that I was acting for Mrs. Tappenden—I went down into the cellar; there was a very small stock indeed; what I saw there I should think would not amount to above 3l. or 4l.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you go for the purpose of seeing the place on account of Mr. Tappenden? A. I did; I told the prisoner that I came there in consequence of the premises being to let, and I wanted to see over them; I did not tell him that I came on anybody's account—I merely went as a matter of form—I knew what the place was—I concealed from him that I was the agent for Mr. Tappenden.





CHARLES ROUSE BROWN
. I am a clerk in the Westminster Fire Office. I am subscribing witness to this policy (produced by
MR. PARRY); it is. dated 7th Jan. 1854—the household goods, linen, printed books, wearing apparel, &c., at No. 158, Fleet-street, are insured for 500l. the stock and utensils in trade for 100l. and the fixtures and fittings up for 250l. making a total of 850l.—Mr. John Hill is one of the directors, and there are others—Mr. Robert Tubbs is one.





WILLIAM BROMPIT STORR

re-examined. I am an auctioneer, of No. 26, King-street, Covent-garden, and am also assessor of claims in the Westminster Fire Office. Some time after the fire I received this claim—it had been sent to the office—on 16th Aug. I sent a lad for the prisoner, and he came to my office—he made a long statement, which I took down in writing—I had this claim before me, and he signed it in my presence—I put questions to him, and he answered them—(Referring to the memorandum) he said, "I

was on the premises on Sunday and Monday—I slept there on Sunday night—I got home on that night between 11 and 12 o'clock—on Monday I got up about 12 o'clock, having been in the house all night by myself—I lit the fire in the kitchen in the first floor, to cook a chop—I left the house with no one in it, at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, and I did not return upon that day—on Monday night I slept at No. 2, Trinity-street, Liverpool-road, Islington—on Tuesday morning I left Trinity-street, and proceeded to Fleet-street, at about 10 o'clock—I saw there had been a fire, but I did not go into the house, nor did I speak to any one on the premises connected with the fire brigade, or any other person, about the fire—I returned to Islington, and after taking some refreshment at the Angel, Islington, I went to No. 2, Trinity-street; there I remained until the evening—I called at No. 158, Fleet-street, on this evening, at about 6 or 8 o'clock, and saw the fireman—the claim, prepared by Mr. M'Dougal, which I have signed, was prepared under my direction—during the six weeks previous to the fire, I have removed some of the furniture, two feather beds, a bolster, a pillow, a few blankets and sheets, two table cloths, a few knives and forks, the carpets which were folded up and not in use, and two hearth rugs, a chimney glass in the first floor front room, a set of fire irons, a fender, a large dining table, four mahogany chairs with horse hair seats, crockery ware and glass, an easy chair, and a portrait—these articles were removed two or three days previous to the fire"—the statement about removing the furniture was in answer to questions by me—"My sister was living with me in the capacity of housekeeper for about six weeks previous to the fire—she took away her boxes, and other property belonging to her on Saturday evening—I have two children—one of them was with my mother, the other was with me in Fleet-street—I sent her away with my sister on the Saturday evening—I have sold to Mr. Halsey, No. 67, Chancery-lane, a small couch, six mahogany chairs, with horse hair seats, and a chimney glass—this, I think, was two months ago"—this latter statement he made after I had pressed him much as to whether he had not removed some other articles—"I know a person of the name of Hudson, a publican, formerly of North Audley-street, the York Minster public house—I do not know where he lives now—he was in the habit of calling upon me in Fleet-street—he assisted me on Saturday to remove the articles I have mentioned to Trinity-street—upon no other occasion did he remove anything from Fleet-street—I had sold the house and business at No. 158, Fleet-street, in the course of the week previous to the fire, to Mr. Parker, of Dalston, the fixtures, fittings, and utensils in trade for 300l. the furniture and stock in trade to be taken at a valuation—Mr. Parker paid me a deposit of 10l. and an agreement was signed by each of us to this effect—possession was to be given on 8th March—the linen was in the chest of drawers in the bedroom on the second floor front, and part on the landing; there were no blankets on any of the beds but in that room—I am certain everything charged in the claim was on the premises at the time of the fire—my apparel was hanging up in the second floor back room—the chest was mahogany, with drawers inside—this stood on the landing on the second floor—it contained clothes, linen, and other articles—in a small wooden box in the dressing table drawer in the back room second floor, were eight or ten rings, pearls, and diamonds some of them I believed to be; a very small gold watch set with pearls—the principal portion of the stock was in a cupboard on the second floor staircase, I mean the cigars, sugar, tea, and coffee; the portion which remained after the Saturday's business, was packed up in paper, and weighed

and removed upstairs on Saturday night, and left on the landing—when I left on Monday, there was a large quantity of shavings in the cellar; those I expect will be found there now"—he left me with instructions to furnish me with the agreement between himself and Parker, which he said was at home in his pocketbook—I asked where Parker was, and if a letter addressed, "Mr. Parker, Dalston," would find him—he said it would not—he left me with the impression that he would bring the agreement—I understood him to say so, and also the addresses of Hudson and Parker—he never did bring the address of Parker, or the agreement, but I received the address of Hudson on the Saturday following, and Hudson called upon me.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you go to Trinity-street? A. I did not; I went to the house in Fleet-street—after Mr. Hall had made this statement to me, he was examined as a witness at the inquest—I was also examined—I do not think a person named Gleed, in Mr. Halsey's service, was examined there, or before the Magistrate.





THOMAS PLOWMAN
. I am a clerk in the Westminster Fire Office. The prisoner's first policy was dated May, 1849; that was for 3002.—there was another policy in 1851 for an additional 300l. and the third policy was for 850l. in Jan. last.

Cross-examined. Q. He never made any other claim against the office? A. No.





FREDERICK ERRICK
. I live at No. 32, Great Portland-street, at present. I am a traveller in drapery—I travel for houses in the drapery line—during the time the prisoner kept the house in Fleet-street, I used to dine there occasionally—in that way I became acquainted with him—I have been out with him several times into the City, to several places—I have been with him to the Bay Tree, in St. Swithin's-lane: that was about the latter end of Jan.—I went there with him and two other persons; we were there about an hour and a half, or two hours—we drank together there; we had nothing to eat—we left between 9 and 10 o'clock in the evening—the other persons came away with us, but we parted outside—the prisoner and I walked home towards Fleet-street together—on our return home, we went into the Daniel Lambert public house, on Ludgate-hill—we only stood in front of the bar, and had a glass of ale; we then proceeded towards his house—as we went, he said, "Well, I am going to be a partner of your governor; "that was Halsey—I had been in Halsey's employment previously, and I was then in his employment—he lives at No. 67, Chancery-lane—I had been about six weeks in his employment—he said, "If I can place confidence in you, I can put money in your pocket"—I said, "How?"—this was near his own house, and he said, "I will tell you another time"—we then parted; he went in doors, and I went on to the west end of the town—I saw him again the next day—I dined with him; at least, I dined at his house, and in the evening we went out again together; I and the prisoner, Halsey, and a man of the name of Gleed—they were the two that had been with us at the Bay Tree—Gleed lodged at the prisoner's house—we all four went to the Bay Tree again, because it was near the omnibus where Halsey got in; he generally took the omnibus near King William-street—we drank together there, and stayed I think till near 10 o'clock—the prisoner and I parted with the others outside the door, and we walked home as before—in the course of our walk, I said to him, "Well, Hall, how are you going to put money in my pocket?"—he said, "To tell you the truth, I am going to have a blaze"—"Indeed," I said—he said, "Yes, I intend to fire the premises, for I am insured pretty stiff;" or, "rather stiff;" "pretty

stiff," I think it was—I said, "Then I shall not have anything at all to do with you;" that was all that passed—we parted, and he went inside his house—the following day I was at Halsey's, when he came there—they had a little private conversation, which I did not hear, and a few minutes afterwards some furniture was brought in in a truck—it was put in the back room—there are only two rooms, the office and the room; the furniture was put in the room—it is not a large auction room, merely offices—it was put in the back office—some more was brought afterwards—altogether, there were eight mahogany chairs, an easy chair, a large looking glass, window curtains, brass rods, a sofa, and a quantity of other things—the prisoner said that they were brought there as he was going to be a partner of Halsey's—he is an auctioneer—I was in Halsey's employment from the latter end of Dec. to the 14th Feb.—the furniture was brought the last week in Jan.—I do not know at what time the prisoner went into the house in Fleet-street—during the time I was with Mr. Halsey I did not know or hear of any furniture being lent by him to the prisoner, or deposited in his house.

Cross-examined. Q. Will you give me the date of this conversation? A. It was the last week in Jan.—it passed in Fleet-street, between Farringdon-street and his house; I should think between 10 and 11 o'clock; I was then living with Mr. Halsey, at No. 67, Chancery-lane, not sleeping there; I slept at No. 32, Great Portland-street at that time, and for some time previously, and do now—I have lived there for twelve months up to this time, I am known there by the name of Errick—if anybody inquired for me there, they would find that I lived there—I was not aware that an inquest was held about this fire, until I returned to London from Manchester—that was I think in the middle of March—I think about the 8th or 10th—I then heard that an inquest had been held, I did not hear that it was over—I read of the fire in the newspaper, when I was at Manchester—I heard of the inquest when I returned to town, that was after the inquest had been held—I do not know about the date, I suppose it was about the 8th or 10th March—I heard then that the inquest had been held—I know the time that I came up from Manchester perfectly well, I should not think there could be any mistake about it—it was either the 8th or 10th March that I returned from Manchester, I am positive—I do not know positively, but I believe it was about that time; I heard from a man in Holborn that the inquest had been held—he did not tell me that the inquest was over—he told me the inquest had been held respecting the fire in Fleet-street, and the officer was inquiring for me—that was when I returned from Manchester, I think about 8th or 10th March, I did not go to the Westminster Fire Office in consequence—the officer came to a house that I went to in Holborn—I did not go there purposely to meet him, I had been in the habit of using that house sometimes—he was not aware that I was going there—he did not meet me by accident, nor by appointment—the man told me the officer wanted to see me, and then I went to see the officer—that was a few days after I came to town—I was not aware that the inquest was being held while I was in town, I am certain of that—I left London for Manchester between 15th and 20th Feb., from Manchester I went to Preston, and then returned to town on 8th or 10th March—when I saw the officer, I did not hear what the verdict at the inquest had been—the officer's name is Gaylor—I was first examined in this case at the police court, I think that was in April—I did not lay the information, I wont to the police court and was examined—I went

there with the officer—I think it was about a month after I returned to town—I never laid any information—it was on my information that a warrant was issued—I am not the person that originated this prosecution—I do not know whether it was upon my evidence only, that the warrant was issued—I gave my evidence at Guildhall—I do not think anybody else gave evidence that day—I was not in town whilst the inquest was held—I never laid any other information against any one, for anything—I have never informed against any one—I did inform against a person for selling goods without a hawker's licence—that was a short time ago—that was connected with my own business; there was nothing criminal in that I apprehend—I never informed against any one—I told the police of it, I do not call that informing—I told the police that they were trading without a licence—I went before a Magistrate, and was sworn about it—the parties were not fined—I have not done that more than once, that was only a fortnight ago—I was never a witness before a Magistrate before; the information was against a Mr. Way—I did not go to the parties against whom I complained, before I informed—I will swear that—I had not made any demand of money upon them—I am certain of that, not a farthing—I did not give the information from a sense of public justice—I heard that I should not receive my money, and then I gave information to the police; it was money that was due to me, 4l. 19s. 10d.—one of the parties had refused to pay me, and I told the police—it is necessary that these fellows should be brought to justice—I do not know whether I should have informed if the fellows had paid me my 4l. 19s. 10d. perhaps I should, I do not know that it would have been ungrateful, that would depend upon circumstances—I have been connected with them for years—I have not been connected with men who sell goods without a licence, I always have a licence—I was connected with those fellows that I informed about, for about ten years—I did not say that they would not pay me my 4l. 19s. 10d. but they put me off from day to day—I did not think I should get the money by informing against them—I dare say I shall get it, I have not tried to get it—I intend to summons them in the County Court—I state distinctly that I live at No. 32, Great Portland-street—I think it is the second floor that I occupy, I know it is—I have occupied it twelve months—I pay rent for it myself, in my own name—the landlord is Mr. Matthew Slingsby—I have paid him rent for the second floor for twelve months, within a week or two—I have lodged there, and paid rent for that twelve months—I pay 5s. 6d. a week for one room, a bed room—I have not been in town during the whole of that twelve months—I have stated that I was travelling about for drapery houses—that is true, this last week I have not travelled for any one—I was engaged in London for this house in Bristol, for the man of the name of Way—that is the man you say I informed against, I was travelling for him—I do not think he has any place of business—I was engaged for three weeks till last week, I did not travel before that—I was in a situation, at Mr. Hurst's, No. 108, Oxford-street, a shawl house—I was with him from May last to the latter end of July, and then for three weeks with Mr. Way—I have stated that I was travelling in the drapery trade—I did not say for any house, because the persons I have been travelling for, travel from town to town—they do not sell by auction—they travel from town to town with goods, and sell them in the various towns—they send hand bills round—I have been with them for ten years—I think the police have interfered with us once—that was in Leadenhall-street, this time twelve months—the police were placed at the door, for the purpose of

warning persons from going in—that was not on the ground that we were a set of swindlers, because our business was carried on quite as respectably as the drapers' generally are.

Q. Was that a set of men called "The Towsery gang?" A. It is in the country called "The Towsery gang;" we had a man with us of the name of Towsery, who was well known in the country; he was not known in London—we aroused the jealousy of the drapers and they denominated us "The Towsery gang"—we are quite as respectable as the gentlemen in Ludgate-hill—we were never charged with selling sham goods—we were charged with charging exorbitant prices, perhaps, but not with selling sham goods—we were never charged with selling articles worth 1l. for 5l. or 6l.

Q. Used you to represent that these sales were the wrecks of fires, and so on? A. When a fire took place we bought goods there; and then, of course, we represented them as goods from the fire—in Leadenhall-street we were known by the name of "Brown Brothers"—that was the place where the police were placed at the door—they were only there for two or three hours, not longer; I do not mean for two or three hours a day, but for two or three hours in one day—we did not leave after that, we stayed two months there, from April to June—I do not know whether "Brown Brothers" were ever summoned before the Magistrate, not criminally they were not—I think one of them was summoned, that was Brown—I think it was to Marlborough-street, I am not certain—we were then trading as "Brown Brothers"—the place of business was then in Pall Mall; he was only summoned once to my knowledge—I was at Pall Mall with him—I have not been with Brown Brothers pretty well all over the country—I do not know what names we went by—various names—I was not the proprietor—I have been with them about ten years—I think we went by different names in different towns—we had a licence to travel, and the licence was always in Brown's name—we did not always trade in Brown's name, not when any large firm had failed, or anything of that sort, we very likely then traded in the name of that firm—we never traded in the name of Howard and Co.—I know a Mr. Lloyd—he was not one of them, he was in business for himself in Maddox-street—he had sale rooms—he was there two years—I was with him part of the time—Mr. Brown was not with him—that was not Brown's concern, it was separate—I suppose I was with him for about two months, I changed about from one time to the other—I remember the fire at Messrs. Pawson's, in St. Paul's-churchyard—it was never complained that Brown Brothers had fraudulently represented that they had purchased a large quantity of their stock—it was said so by a draper in the neighbourhood—we did buy goods of them—I was never charged with assaulting ladies who came to our establishment and compelling them to buy, nor were any of us to my knowledge—I think I did hear that Lloyd was, but I was not present—I do not know a person of the name of Horwood—I know the name of Allgood—I gave him a character as a respectable man—I was never charged with giving him a false character—not the slightest complaint was ever made of it—I will swear that—he lived with me between three and four months—I never gave him a nine months' character, nor was it false, nor was the slightest complaint made of it—that I swear—he lived with me at Chertsey or Egham—I was travelling about then—he was one of the men that lived with me while I was travelling about—I gave him a character on that account; not from Mr. Towsery, or Brown Brothers, but from myself—he was my servant, and I paid him

wages—I have lived at Cheltenham; I was in the drapery business there, alone—I had a shop—I was there about six months the second time, and about twelve months the first time, still in the drapery trade, never any other—I was nothing else there but in the drapery trade—I did not know a man named Hog there—I knew him in London—I was not with him at any time—I met him at a tavern in Regent-street—I never lived in the same house with him—I never acted as servant to him—I knew him for about three or four months I suppose—I never used to be with him as a companion—God knows whether he has been transported—I saw him the other day—I first knew him in '45, I have known him since then, but I was only acquainted with him in '45 for a month or two—I have known him ever since; I should have known if he had been transported; I have not known him, but I should have known that—he was never imprisoned to my knowledge—I had nothing to do with him at a gambling house; nothing of the kind—I was in the habit of taking my meals at the prisoner's coffee shop; I always paid for them—there is no debt owing whatever, not a farthing—I think I became acquainted with Gleed last August, at Greenwich—I was not dismissed from Mr. Halsey's, I left of my own accord—I was there about six weeks—I did not live there at the same time that Gleed did—I left some time before Gleed.

MR. BODKIN. Q. With respect to Brown Brothers, or Mr. Lloyd, were you a partner, or merely employed? A. I was employed as an assistant, and paid for my services—I did not go to the office of the company when I heard that an inquest had been held—I wrote a letter; this is it (looking at it)—this is dated 28th March—I think it was about the middle of March that I returned from Manchester; I am not certain what time it was—I am certain that when I returned I heard that the inquest was over, and that the officer was inquiring for me—I saw Gaylor, the officer, I think directly afterwards, within a week—I wrote this letter before I saw Gaylor, but after I heard that he wanted to see me.





WILLIAM M—BROWN
. I am Secretary to the Westminster Fire Office This letter was received on the day on which it is dated, 28th March.





CHARLES THOMAS GAYLOR
. I am a police constable. I went to the premises soon after the fire—I attended at the Guildhall police office, when application was made for a warrant against the prisoner—I think that was on the 19th April, or the 29th—Errick was examined there, and Mr. Storr—I do not think I was—on receiving the warrant of the Magistrate, I endeavoured to execute it in London—I could not find the prisoner in London—I ultimately found him, on 6th June, at a pawnbroker's of the name of Thomas, at 134 or 135, Dale-street, Liverpool, where he was employed—I told him I wanted him on a warrant for arson—he said, "Very well," and I brought him to London.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you ascertain how long he had been living there? A. About a month—it was not so long as two months—I have heard that he was originally a pawnbroker by trade, and that was the way in which I found him out—I cannot say whether he had the management of the business at Liverpool; there were two other young men in the shop, younger than he.

MR. STORR
re-examined. I took down the statement made by the prisoner in his presence, and read it over to him.
(The following letter from the witness Errick to Mr. Brown, the Secretary of the Company, was here read: "32, Great Portland-street, March 28. Sir,—I can communicate to you the facts connected with the late fire in

Fleet-street, that will bar all claim that Mr. Hall may have upon your office. An answer by return will lead to an interview.—F. Errick.")




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Life.

