



348. 




WILLIAM HASLAM



, stealing 1 wooden box, 37lbs. weight of tea, 25 lbs. weight of coffee, and other articles, value 9l. 6s.; the goods of the 

Eastern Counties Railway Company, having been before convicted:—2nd COUNT, for receiving the same.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH BATT
. I live at 2, Gossett-street, Bethnal-green, and am in the service of Mr. Rose, a grocer, of Shoreditch. On 27th and 28th Dec. I packed a box with tea, sugar, and coffee in it, to the value of 8l. 18s. 10d.—I saw the direction put on, "Miss Tasker, tea-dealer, Horncastle, Lincolnshire"—I delivered it to the Eastern Counties Railway—it is usual to send the invoice by post from the counting-house—I did not see it.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. How long have you been in Mr. Rose's employment? A. Turned two years—I am in the habit of packing such articles daily—I pack large quantities—parcels marked like these are not sold in the shop—those sold in the shop are done up in plain paper, except the printing and poetry—they do not have the price on them, none sold in town have—there are about seventeen persons employed in the shop.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You have not got back all the packages? A. No; 365 were sent, and we have not recovered 70—I have no doubt these packages (produced) are what I put in on the 27th.





WILLIAM TURNER
. I am a carman, in the employ of the Eastern Counties Railway Company. On 28th Dec. I received a box at Mr. Rose's, which I delivered at the station at half-past seven o'clock in the evening.





ROBERT LIDDALL
. I am a porter, in the employ of the Eastern Counties Railway Company. On the morning of 29th Dec. I saw a box from Mr. Rose's—it ought to have gone by the Peterborough train, at eight o'clock that night—before that train went I missed it.





FRANCES TASKER
. I am agent to Mr. Rose, at Horncastle, in Lincolnshire. On 29th or 30th Dec. I received an invoice from Mr. Rose, but not the goods.

Cross-examined. Q. What station was it to be sent to? A. Kirkstead station—I did not send for it—the packages are brought to me every week—I live seven or eight miles from the station, and trust to the parties there bringing me the articles—I sent to make inquiry at the station by Roberts, who is not here.

MR. BALLANTINE
to
ROBERT LIDDALL. Q. Does an invoice go with the train, containing a list? Q. Yes—in consequence of missing this package it was erased from the invoice before it went.

MR. RIBTON. Q. Did you see the clerk erase it? A. I saw him put his pen across it—I searched a quarter of an hour for it—I had seen it before—there were a great quantity of goods on the same platform, but none for the same station—it is a way-bill that is sent, not an invoice.





GEORGE TEAKLE
 (police-sergeant, H 8.) On Sunday, 30th Dec, between

twelve and one o'clock, I was in Hunt-street, Mile-end New-town, and saw the prisoner, who I knew before, coming towards me with a large bundle tied up in this handkerchief—when he got within fifty yards of me he turned back—I followed him into Whitechapel-road, overtook him, and said, "Haslam, where are you living now since you left the beer-shop?"—he said, "Mr. Teakle, I do not wish to insult you, but I do not think it has anything to do with you"—I said, "Perhaps you will tell me what that bundle contains"—he said, "Do you wish to show me up?"—I said, "I must know what it contains"—he said grocery; he bought it at Mr. Rose's, in Shoreditch—I asked when he bought it—he said at various times, a little at a time—I said that would not do for me, I must make inquiry about it—he asked me to step to one side; we were in the middle of the road—we went to one side, and he said, "I know you wish to show me up, had you not better take a couple of couters and let me pass?"—couters are sovereigns—I said, "Certainly not"—I took him to the station, and found sixty-eight packages of tea, coffee, and sugar, as I now produce them (produced).

Cross-examined. Q. What are these? A. Quarter pounds of tea—they were wrapped in the handkerchief—he said he was going to send them to a friend of his in the country—he went very quietly to the station—he is married, and has a wife and four children.





WILLIAM GILPIN
. I produce a certificate—(read—John Noble, Convicted of burglary, Sept., 1847, and confined one year)—I was present at the—the prisoner is the person who was tried in that name.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.

