




463. 




ELIZA EDWARDS, alias
 Emma Goodall




, feloniously uttering counterfeit coin: having been before convicted.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
WOOLLETT
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL JARMAN
. I produce a certified copy of a conviction—(read—Eliza Edwards, convicted, Oct., 1851, of uttering counterfeit coin, and imprisoned one year.)





WILLIAM WILSON
. I was present when the prisoner was tried—she is the person mentioned in the certificate.





MARY ANN FOSTER
. I am the wife of George Foster, who keeps the Barley Mow, in Drury-lane. On 7th March the prisoner came, about 11 o'clock at night—she asked for 1 1/2 d. worth of gin—she gave me a shilling; I gave her change, and she went away directly—I put the shilling into a till where there was no other—I went to the till in about five minutes—I found that was the only shilling there—I then examined it—it was bad—I am pretty well acquainted with silver—I am positive it was bad, and so was my husband also—I threw it into the fire, and 1 suppose it melted—on the following day the prisoner came again, and asked for 1 1/2 d. worth of gin—she then paid me with a shilling—I did not look at it, but I gave it to my husband, and I said, "This is the woman that passed a bad shilling last night, and I dare say this is a bad one"—my husband kept it.





GEORGE FOSTER
. I remember the first night the prisoner came—I saw the shilling she had uttered—Mrs. Foster threw it into the fire—I had examined it, and can say it was bad—the next night my wife gave me a shilling in the prisoner's presence—it was a bad one—I marked it, and sent for a policeman—I detained the prisoner till the policeman came.





JOHN HAYNES
 (policeman, F 154). I was called in to Mr. Foster's on 8th March—I received this shilling from Mr. Foster—the prisoner said she knew nothing of it.





WILLIAM WEBSTER
. I am inspector of coin to the Royal Mint. This shilling is a bad one.

Prisoners Defence. I was out with a young man all the evening, and, being in reduced circumstances, be asked me if 2s. would be any use to me; I thanked him, and said, "Yes;" the shilling I offered was one that he gave we; I know nothing about the Monday night.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.

