




1779. 




JOSEPH SAUNDERS



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Charles Chapman, with intent to steal.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES CHAPMAN
. I am a messenger, and reside at 9, Victoria-place, Haggerstone. On the morning of 17th Sept., about half-past three o'clock, I was awoke by my wife, got out of bed, went down-stairs, and heard a kind of rumbling noise, like a person going out of window in the back-kitchen—I went into the back-kitchen, and found the window wide open, which I had left shut and fastened at ten, the night before—there was a candlestick on the table with a candle alight in it—I had left the candlestick in the cupboard and the candle in the candle-box, the night before—there was also a box of matches with the candle, open—soon after that the prisoner was brought.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Is there any servant in the house? A. No—I cannot say whether I was the last up—beside me and my wife there are Mr. and Mrs. Clarke lodge up stairs; they have access to the kitchen.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Was the window fastened with the ordinary fastening in the centre? A. Yes; I did it myself—there are shutters, but they were not fastened—there were marks of a knife in the putty, close to the fastening, and the glass was fresh broken, sufficiently large for a man to put his hand through; the bolt could then be reached—I swear that was not so when I went to bed—Mr. and Mrs. Clarke have nothing to do with fastening the window—my wife went to bed at the same time that I did—the house is my dwelling-house, and in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch.





JOHN M'CARTHY
 (policeman, N 56). On the morning of 17th Sept., I was on duty in Albert-street, where there is a wall adjoining the prosecutor's house—if a person was coming from the window that was broken, to the street, they would come over that wall—about half-past three o'clock I saw the prisoner and two others drop over that wall—the prisoner had his boots and cap in his hand—I took the prisoner in custody, took him to the house, searched him, and found a knife on him; I examined it with the marks on the putty, and have no doubt it would produce such—there was a hole in the window large enough for a man's hand to go through—the prisoner said he was hungry, and out of work, and did it to get some victuals.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

