



726. 




JOHN YATES



, feloniously attempting to discharge a certain pistol, loaded with gunpowder, shot, and a marble, at 



Frances Yates, with intent to murder her. 2nd COUNT—With intent to do her some grievous bodily harm.


MR. RIBTON
conducted the Prosecution.






FRANCES YATES
. I live at York-cottage, Kensall-road. The prisoner is my husband—we have been married twenty-six years, but we have not been living comfortably together for the last six years, as he has not been employed in mind or business, and has been intemperate in his habits—he has used threats to me several times—about Christmas last he asked me for some money, and words arose from that at the time, and he had a pistol in his breast from 7 o'clock all the evening; I went down stairs, and was afraid to go down again, and I stopped till one of the women fetched my son home, and then I opened the prisoner's coat and showed my son the pistol, and told him that his father had got it there to blow out my brains—the prisoner told me that if I did not get out of the way, or something of that kind, be would blow my brains out; but it is some time ago, and I do not wish to say

anything but what I can call to mind—on Wednesday, May 25th, I returned home between 9 and 10 o'clock in the evening, and found my husband moving the mattrass that I had taken from his feather bed, because be had told me the day before that I must look d—d sharp if I had a chance to take care of myself, and I was afraid to sleep with him—he was taking away the mattrass which I had put for my own bed to make up his bed, and I said, "John, how can you expect I can do my work, if you will not let me have my bed?—he said, "There is your bed, come to it;" and I said, "No; so long as you use such expressions to me, I never can come to your bed"—I then went down stairs into the back washhouse—I was coming out of the washhouse with a candle in my hand, and he was coming down stairs; I saw something like a pistol buttoned under his coat as he came down—I went into the parlour where Mrs. Pusey and Ruth were, and made a communication to Mrs. Pusey—I then sent Ruth to fetch a jog out of the kitchen, and then went to draw some beer at a little cupboard under the stairs; I heard the prisoner's foot, put my head out of the cupboard, and he was close to me with the pistol in my face; I struck the barrel with my right hand, and said "John, don't shoot me!"—I screamed out "Mrs. Pusey, he is shooting me!" and she was there in an instant—I said, "Keep the pistol down, Mrs. Pusey," which she did—my husband seized me by the neck, and I came to the ground—I recollect creeping under his legs to get away, and Mrs. Walker came in and released me—at the time the pistol was presented at me, I heard the snap of the flint, but saw no fire—my hand was cut with the flint in two places, as I got hold of the pistol close up to the lock—it was the same pistol which he had before; he had had it some time—I believe he was sober—I ran for protection into a neighbour's house.

Prisoner, There is a combination of false witnesses against me.





MART ANN PUSEY
. I live with Mrs. Yates, and attend to the laundry for her—I have been there about two months. On 25th May, I was in the parlour between 9 and 10 o'clock, and heard the snap of something; Mrs. Yates screamed out that she was being shot—I went, and saw Mr. and Mrs. Yates struggling with a pistol—I caught hold of the pistol to prevent his shooting her—she begged of me to keep it down, which I did—he tried to get it from me—he got his wife by the throat with his left hand—Mrs. Walker then came in, and took the prisoner's hand from his wife's throat, and she ran out at the front door—the prisoner asked which way she was gone; and I said "Out the back way," oh purpose to deceive him.

Prisoner, Q. Did not you and Mrs. Yates both distinctly state before the Magistrate that I never spoke a word? A. I never heard you speak during the struggle—I should say the affair lasted more than ten minutes, till the policeman came; it was a very hard struggle.





RUTH SYMES
. I have lived with Mrs. Yates about three months up to the present time, and have heard Mr. Yates and her quarrelling—when I had been there about three weeks I was sleeping underneath the room they slept in, and heard something rattling overhead, and loud speaking between Mr. and Mrs. Yates—I went to the bedroom, and said, "Is anything the matter? Is any one ill?"—Mr. Yates said, "No;" but Mrs. Yates said, "Something is the matter, and pushed open the door, and I saw Mr. Yates standing with a stick in his hand—as I was standing in the landing I beard him say that if she left the room she should leave it a corpse—on Wednesday evening, 25th May, I went into the other room to get a jug for Mrs. Yates, and saw

the prisoner standing there with his elbows on the mantelpiece, and a pistol in his breast; he had his hand on it; it was under his coat, but I could not see the handle of it—when he saw me go in the room he removed his hand from his pocket—I brought the jug to Mrs. Yates, and went into the parlour, and after some time I heard the snap of a pistol; I am sure of that—I then heard Mrs. Yates say, "Oh, Mrs. Pusey, he is shooting me!"—I went into the passage to see what it was, and Mrs. Pusey went down—I saw them struggling, and opened the street door, and went for a policeman—when I returned the prisoner was in custody.

Prisoner, Q You say you saw the pistol in my waistcoat; I have not had a waistcoat on for these three months. Witness, I supposed it was in your waistcoat; it may have been between your coat and your shirt.





SARAH WALKER
. I am the wife of Thomas Walker, a boot and shoemaker; we live two doors from the Yates. On Wednesday, 25th May, I went to the door to fetch the apprentice in, and heard cries of "Murder!"—the prisoner's door was standing open—I ran in, and saw Mr. and Mrs. Yates struggling on the stairs, with his left hand pressing on her throat; he had a pint pot on the thumb of that hand—I took his hand from her neck, and told her to run out—she went out at the front door—I said to the prisoner, "Are you not ashamed to get such a crowd about your door? because if you are not, I am for you"—he said, "I will not be humbugged with her"—he went towards the kitchen door with a pistol in his hand; he examined it, cocked it, and then asked Mrs. Pusey which way Mrs. Yates had gone—we both said, "Out at the back door," to deceive him—I then went back to my own house—Mrs. Yates was in the next door neighbour's, and I took her into my house till a policeman came.

JURY. Q. When the prisoner examined the pistol, did he put any powder in the pan? A. Not when I saw him.

Prisoner, I deny her evidence altogether.





WILLIAM WARREN
 (police sergeant, D 27). On 28th May a female called me to the prisoner's house—I went in, and he came in at the back door from the garden, and asked me what I wanted in his house—I told him I came to apprehend him for attempting to shoot his wife with a pistol—he laughed, and said, "I have no pistol"—I told him I had witnesses to prove that he had one, and I must find it before I left—he then said, "If you go into the garden you will find it under a tile on the roof of the pigstye"—I went there, and found this pistol (producing a large horse pistol), loaded and cocked ready for firing off; there was priming in the pan—the right hand barrel is useless, but the left hand barrel was primed and loaded—I had the charge drawn; it consisted of powder, about half a charge of shot, and a marble (produced)—I compared the powder with some which I found belonging to the prisoner, and found it to correspond—I afterwards loaded the pistol, and discharged it—I found that the left hand barrel was in good order; it missed fire the first time I tried it, but the second time it went off, and with the same flint—I took the prisoner to the station; he appeared perfectly sober.

JURY. Q., Did you see that there was powder in the pan? A. Yes; Ruth Symes, the servant, followed me with a candle into the garden for me to look, and I saw powder in the pan before I took it a step further, and I said, "Good God! it is loaded and primed; here is powder in the pan!"—it laid flat on the tiles, and the pan was laid down—the powder might have run from the touch-hole into the pan—it was a good pan—the pistol was full cocked, and the hammer was down on the powder.


Prisoner. Q. There was no powder in the pan? Witness. There was; I examined it in the presence of the servant.





SAMUEL DOBLE
 (policeman, D 147). I was with Sergeant Warren—I took the prisoner into custody while the sergeant went to the back yard—the prisoner said we were making a great fuss about nothing at all—I said, "It is not nothing at all"—he said if he had known what it was he would have taken a razor and cut her b——y throat; he could have done that without half the trouble—he was perfectly sober.

Prisoner. I wish to contradict the statement about cutting her b——y throat; he said to me on the road that he was surprised that I did not out her throat, and I made the reply that if I had intended any mischief, probably it might be done in that way. Witness. I never walked with him at all, and did not say so, or anything of the kind; I merely said I did not think it was nothing, and then he said those words.

COURT
to
RUTH SYMES. Q. Were you present in the garden when Warren found the pistol? A. Yes; I saw him examine it to see if it was loaded—I saw him lift up the hammer, and saw priming in the pan.

Prisoners Defence. I have been most recklessly treated by my wife, in consequence of not being in regular employ, and being afflicted with the gout repeatedly, and not being able to earn plenty of money to bring borne for her recklessly to spend, as she has been in the habit of doing for the last twenty years; I am undefended, and leave my case in the hands of the Court.




GUILTY

on 2nd Count. Aged 54.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.—


Transported for Twenty Years.

