



1021. 




WILLIAM MARTIN



, stealing 1 half-sovereign, 1 crown, 1 half-crown, 1 shilling, and 2 pence; the moneys of 



Joseph Leach, from his person: having been before convicted.






PATRICK STACK
 (policeman, L 128). On the morning of 3rd April, I was on duty in the London-road—I saw a cab come to the Prince of Wales public-house, with two persons in it—one got out, and he and the cad-man went into the public-house and had something to drink—the other person stopped in the cab and appeared to be asleep—I watched sergeant Harris come up, and we both stood together—I saw the prisoner go to the cab—he looked in—I then saw him put his hand in—he next pulled his arm out, and looked round—he then put his hand in as far as he could—he was on the same side as the man—he then drew back his right-hand, looked at something in it, and put it into his left-hand—I ran up and laid hold of him, and he dropped money in the cab—he said, "What is the matter?"—I said, "You have robbed the man"—he said nothing—the sergeant came up, and I told him to turn his light on and pick up the money the prisoner had dropped in the cab—the prisoner said, "I did not"—we took him to the station—the cab-man drove the man to the station—he there said he had lost a half-sovereign, a crown-piece, a half-crown, and some other silver.

Prisoner. You could not see me drop the money in the cab; you was against the horse's head. Witness, I saw you drop something in the cab the moment I laid hold of you.





SAMUEL HARRIS
 (police-sergeant, L 6). About two o'clock in the morning of 3rd April, I saw a cab standing at the door of the Prince of Wales—the prisoner came out of the public-house, and looked into the cat-window—he returned to the public-house, and went in at the same door—he then came out at the front door and went to the cab, and pat his right arm in at the window, on the side where the man was asleep—he then took his hand partly out and looked round—he then stood on tiptoe,

reached as far as he could, and brought something out in his right-hand and put it into his left-hand—Stack then took hold of him, and he turned and chucked it into the cab-window—I heard it fall, and picked up a 5s., piece, a half-crown, 1 shilling, and 2d. in copper—Mr. Leach was the only person that was in the cab—the prisoner said he had been riding for an hour in a cab with some man, and went to this cab, as he thought it was the same party that he had been with.

Prisoner. He wanted to put the money into my pocket, and I would not let him. Witness. There was no attempt to put it into his pocket—I had it in my own pocket.





JOSEPH LEACH
. I am a waterman. I came from Greenwich that night in a cab with a friend—I had been drinking—I was sensible enough to know what money I had—I had a half-sovereign, a 5s.-piece, a half-crown, and some other money in my pocket—I fell asleep—I know I had my money when I came through New-cross turnpike—I recollect the cab stopping at a public-house in the London-road—my friend got out, but I did not—I do not recollect anything more till they awoke me when the cab drew up at the station—I then missed my money out of my right-hand trowsers pocket—I had never seen the prisoner before—I did not know any of my money.





WILLIAM POCOCK
. I am a waterman. I came with the prosecutor in the cab that evening—I was not exactly sober, nor yet drunk—I went into the public-house with the cob man, and left Leach in the cab—he was not asleep then—I saw him change a sovereign at a public-house at Greenwich, about twelve o'clock—I saw him put the money into his pocket—he took out about two shillings afterwards, and spent it on the road—we then came to the Prince of Wales—I went into the public-house and I noticed a man in a flannel jacket—I could not swear it was the prisoner, but when I came out I saw him in custody.

Prisoner's Defence. I went to the public-house; there was a cab outside, and a man asked me to have a ride with him, and I did; I left him about two o'clock; I then went to the Prince of Wales; I saw a cab outside; I went out and saw a man in the cab; I reached my hand out to shake him to awake him; he dropped some money out of his hand, and the policeman said I had dropped it.





EZRA JONES
 (policeman, P 140). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction at Newington—(read—Convicted Sept., 1846; and confined three months)—I was present; he is the person.




GUILTY
. * Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

