




296. 




JOHN SMITH



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 




John Riley, with intent to steal.






JAMES ARMSTRONG
 (policeman H 87). On 18th Feb., at 3 o'clock in the morning, I found the prisoner in Mr. Riley's cellar, under the house—there are bars about an inch and a half asunder under the shop window, on the flags—I found this iron bar (produced) broken off, by which means anybody could get into the cellar—I tumbled in, turned my light on, and found the prisoner—(I had called to him before I went in, and asked what he was doing there; he made no answer)—I laid hold of him; I said nothing, but he said, "Bad company has led me into it; I am innocent, two men broke the flap, and unlocked the padlock, and put me in, and I was to go up stairs, open the front door for them, and let them in; and hearing the noise when you came to the flap, I took you to be them"—I searched him, and found in his pocket this wax taper (produced), and two lucifer matches; there were several matches thrown about the ground—while I was searching him, he said, "I have got no tools about me, the men have got the tools, I am innocent, I have been led into it"—I had passed the cellar flap about twenty minutes before, it was safe then, it locks inside—he said the men lived in Brick-lane, but next morning he denied knowing anything about them.

Prisoner. I had been at my aunt's, and had been drinking. Witness. He appeared a little the worse for liquor; he could walk very well, he appeared to know what he was saying—going to the station, he said one of the men was named Burton—a man named Burton is known to one of our sergeants, Jackson—he repeated next morning that bad company had led him into it; he knew nothing about the men—he did not say he had been drinking with his aunt.





JOHN RILEY
. I am a cheesemonger, of 75, Whitechapel-road, in the parish of St. Mary's, Whitechapel. On the night of Wednesday, 18th Feb., I was called up by a policeman, I went down, and found the prisoner in custody—I had seen the cellar shut up at 10 o'clock the night before—I found the flap forced when I came down—I lost no property, there wasnot time—there was cheese in the cellar, and butter in the shop.

Prisoner's Defence. My mother and myself were returning from the play, she told me to run home and light a fire against she came home; I met two gentlemen standing by the cellar, who said if I went down and opened the door they would give me a trifle of money; I went down, I did not know what I was about, or I should not have done it.





JAMES ARMSTORNG

re-examined. He gave his address, 12, Duke-street—I went there, but no such person was known; I could not find his mother—a man could get into the cellar, it was five feet wide, there was no necessity to have a boy.
(The prisoner was further charged with having been before convicted.)





JOHN NEWELL
 (policeman, R 340). I produce a certificate—(read—Central Criminal Court; William Smith, convicted on his own confession, Aug. 1850, of stealing boots; confined six months)—I was present, the prisoner is the person—there were two other cases against him; but he was not tried upon them. 


GUILTY
.* Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

