



567. 



TIMOTHY COGHLAN



, assaulting 



John Lyness Simpson, and stealing 1 watch, value 2l.; his property.


MR. BIRNIE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN LTNESS SIMPSON
. I am mate on board the brig Cambridge, of North Shields. On the morning of 5th Feb., I found myself in the station—I remember on the evening before being in the Pavilion theatre, and coming out—this is my watch; it is worth about 2l.—I saw it safe in the Pavilion theatre—I remember having it when I came out; it was in my waistcoat-pocket, attached to a guard which was round my neck; it was then whole, but it is now broken—I did not see the prisoner that night.

Cross-examined by
MR. HOGGINS. Q. Is not this a common watch? A. I am no judge of it—my name is inside the case—I had been drinking all that day at times—I remember coming out of the theatre—I felt my watch, and looked at it as I was coming out—that was not in a crowd of people; there was a bit of a slack where I was; it was where they give the checks—the theatre is in Whitechapel-road—I had a female with me.





EMILY M'DONALD
. I am single, and live in Devonshire-street, Commercial-road. On 4th Feb., I went to the play with Simpson, and came out—we went into a public-house—Simpson was tipsy—I had a glass or two, but I knew what I was about—we were in the public-house three quarters of an hour—the prisoner and some more came up—I had 15s. or 16s. in my hand, which Simpson gave me to take care of—I was going to pay sixpence out of it, when the money was snatched out of my band—they ran off, and I ran after them, and hallooed "Stop thief!"—some said I should have the money back again—I then turned back, and found Simpson waiting outside the public-house for me—I saw the prisoner strike him, and he knocked him down and kneeled on him—I said, "John, you had better get up, this is one of them that got my money"—I saw the prisoner take the watch out of his waistcoat-pocket, and try to break the guard—I told him to let him go, he was stealing the watch, and if he did not let it go, I would call the policeman and give him in charge—with that he struck me two or three times, and kicked me—I sung out for the policeman, and saw the watch in his hand—he ran away—I pursued him, and saw the policeman run after him.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you any drink before you went to the theatre? A. No; I was rather overcome afterwards—it was one of those who was in company with the prisoner who snatched the money from me—I was not quite right—we had had three pots of ale—I could not see whether the guard was broken or cut, but when he ran away the watch was gone, and the guard was left—the others all made their escape—a good many persons came when I made the alarm—it was between twelve and one o'clock—I believe the night was a little wet—the prosecutor was afterwards taken to the station—I never saw the prisoner before.

MR. BIRNIE. Q. Did you stoop down and look at the prosecutor? A. Yes; I found his watch was gone, and the guard on his neck—there

was no time for any one to touch him between the prisoner running away and my finding the watch gone—no one could have done so without my seeing them.





JOHN GILBERT
 (policeman, K 404), I was on duty in Whitechapel-road, and saw Simpson lying down, and the prisoner kneeling on one knee and leaning over him—I could not swear whether his knee was on his body or on the ground—I heard M'Donald say, "He is cutting his watch"—I ran up—the prisoner struck M'Donald in the face, and ran away—I pursued him for 300 yards, when he was stopped by a constable—I took this guard off Simpson's neck at the station—here is a small portion of it on the watch.





HENRY BINOLEY
 (policeman, K 134). I heard a cry of "Stop thief!" and saw the prisoner running towards me—I caught him, and am sure he is the man—Gilbert saw me catch him—the prisoner said, "What do yon want with me? I have done nothing"—I said, "You had better come back and see"—I found this watch about three hours afterwards, about nine yards from where I took the prisoner—I found the case about half an hour afterwards about four or five yards from where the watch had been.
(Jeremiah Tracey, Francis Titherston, and Carrick Bailey, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

