



603. 




PIERRE BROSTIN



, feloniously forging and uttering a bill of exchange in the French language, for the payment of 5,000 franca, with intent to defraud.


MR. RIBTON
conducted the Prosecution.






ABRAHAM BAUER
. I am a banker, residing in Leadenhall-street. I know the prisoner, I recollect his calling on me about the 20th or 22nd Dec.—he called to inquire whether we could discount some foreign bills of first class, drawn on bankers—I told him the first requirement was to inquire about the parties, and after a knowledge of the bills being on respectable persons we would not object—he left this bill with me to make inquiries about it—he called again in perhaps three or four days afterwards, but in the mean time we had not got sufficient knowledge of the parties; he came two or three times between his first call, and 1st Jan., during which time we had made inquiries—he said he was very much pressed for money; that all his money was run oat, and he wanted at least 40l. for his private use on account of the bill——he drew a check on my bank, and I paid him 40l. in sovereigns, in part payment of the bill—we had reason to believe the bill was not in order, and on 5th Jan. I wrote him this note, "Sir, your bill has been returned from Paris; please to call at our bank."—the prisoner spoke broken English—before he came to me I sent to him again, about the 14th or 15th Jan., but I had heard from him—he sent two or three messengers for the balance of the bill—I told them that he must come himself; and on the 15th Jan. I sent a clerk of mine to desire him to call, and I received from him this answer, written in French, which, has no date to it—I can swear I received it about the 15th Jan.—"Sir, I have only received this instant, your card; I regret that indisposition retains me from coming to you; I shall be glad if you will inform me whether you are satisfied with the inquiriesyouhave made, and whether you will be satisfied with a friend calling on my account, that I may authorise somebody to receive for me to avoid myself going out; should, however, my presence be indispensable, I will do my possible to come to you"—I wrote to him again on the 17th—"Sir, the inquiries about Mr. Lamache are satisfactory, but the bill of exchange is not yet negotiated;" the object of my writing was to get him to come—I meant that the bill was not gone out of my possession; Mr. Lamache is a man in good circumstances, and it would have been satisfactory if the bill was not a forgery—the prisoner did not reply to this letter; after the 17th the first that I heard about him afterwards was on the 18th Feb., when he was arrested by Monteaux, the bankers, in Cornhill.





JOHN SPITTLE
 (City-policeman). On 18th Feb. I took the prisoner into custody, at Messrs. Monteaux Brothers, bullion dealers, Cornhill—Mr. Shuloff gave him in charge for uttering two forged bills of exchange, each for

5,000 francs—I told the prisoner, through Mr. Shuloff, who interpreted what he was charged with—the prisoner said he first wished to go to Mr. Bauer to pay him 40l. he owed him—I found on him two pistols loaded with ball, and capped, one in his right hand trowsers pocket, the other in his left breast pocket of his coat—a pack of playing cards, fifteen duplicates, a passport, a purse containing 9s. 7 1/2 d., and various papers; two of them are letters.





JEAN ALFRED MAHIEU
. I live in Cherbourg, I am a merchant and discounter. There is no other merchant and discounter in Cherbourg of my name—this is not my signature to this paper as drawer of the bill—I know Mr. Lamache, of Saint Vaast, he is a banker, I know his writing, I have seen him write—this acceptance is not his writing—supposing these signatures of the drawer and acceptor were genuine, this is a properly drawn bill according to the law of France.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Do you sign your bills, "J. Mahieu?" A. No; "Alfred Mahieu"—I am known rather as Alfred than Jean—Mahieu is not a very common name—there are other Mahieus—Mr. Lamache is an old man—he does not do these things by his clerks—no other persons sign for him—he is not very old, he is about seventy—he is not able to travel, he is a weak man, he has not good health—none of the clerks in his house are here.

MR. RIBTON. Q. The name of Mahieu is not a very common name? A. No; there are others—there is no other Mahieu who is in a situation to be a bill discounter—I know one Mahieu who is a shipbuilder, but his name is B. Mahieu—I know his handwriting, I have seen it several times—the other Mahieus are in low situations—persons that work for their money—I do not sign my first name in full, I put Alffor Alfred, and drop the Jean—I taw Mr. Lamache on 5th May—I have no doubt about this not being his signature.





HENRY ROUGEMENT
. I am a merchant, and live in Winchester-buildings. I recollect the prisoner calling on me in March, 1852; at that time he went by the name of De Fontaine—he came to get me to advance money on some bills—these are them—there are six of them—the amount of them is 700l. odd, sterling—he represented them to be bond fide on some property he had sold—they are all drawn by Debris, and accepted by Lamache—I advanced him 270l. on them—I will not be sure, but I think I did not advance that on the first occasion—the prisoner called to receive some more money on them, but I had received information which prevented my giving it—he called another day, I told him I had received information that they were forgeries—he said he would call again to pay the money—I have never been paid these bills—I am not acquainted with the drawer or acceptor, or the handwriting of either of them; I sent one of these bills, and it was sent back—it was not due when I sent it—I ascertained that the whole lot were forgeries.





JEAN ALFRED MAHIEU

re-examined. None of the acceptances on these bills is Mr. Lamache's writing.




GUILTY
of uttering.
 Aged 40.—


Transported for Ten Years.

