





1182. 




DANIEL DALEY
, 




EDWARD CARTER
, and 




CHARLES TUCK



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Durrant, and stealing a watch and other articles, value 6l. 8s. 6d., and 480 farthings; his property: Daley having been before convicted.


MR. BIRNIE
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES DURRANT
. I am landlord of the Bull's Head, in York-street, Westminster. On the night of 23rd April, I went to bed about a quarter before twelve o'clock—I left my place all secure—the next morning, at a quarter before six, I got up—I found the bar-door, that enclosed the bar, had been broken open very violently—the bolt of the lock was not forced back—it had been forced violently, and the door broken—I found the bottles strewed all about the place, and some on the floor—I missed two boxes of cigars—I found a pane of glass broken by the side of the door—they had cut the putty out, and starred the glass, but not taken it out—they had opened the stairs'-foot door, and a few steps up there is a panel, which had been formerly a door—they made an attempt to open that, but could not do it—they made their way into the bar by the bar-door—the tap-room shutter had had a hole cut in it with a knife, and the bolts drawn back—that tap-room opens to my neighbour's yard—they had come over the wall; I missed three packets, each containing half-a-crown's worth of farthings, a silver watch from the mantel-piece in the bar-parlour, and a great number of other things, and about one pound of cigars.

Daley. Q. You said three-quarters of a pound, and now you say one pound. A. I could not tell the amount—one box was about half a pound—the other I could not tell exactly.

COURT. Q. What parish is your house in? A. St. Margaret's, Westminster—I am master of the house—I was the person who went to bed last that night—I saw the shutters and the tap-room safe, and the bar-door was all right—that was about a quarter before twelve o'clock.





WILLIAM ELLIOTT
 (policeman, B 68). On the morning of 24th April, about half-past two o'clock, I saw Daley and Carter right in front of the prosecutor's house—they were standing talking—I told them I wished them to go home—they went up a court, and said they lived there—the next time I saw them I was at the station-house—I have no doubt that they are the persons.





THOMAS FOY
. I live in Willow-street, Vauxhall-bridge-road. I met the three prisoners early one morning, before six o'clock—I have no doubt as to any one of them—I went with them, and had a little drop of drink—I gave the money for my share of the drink to Carter, I think—I am sure it was to one of the three—I do not know which of them paid the landlord—I did not see any farthings, and did not give any—I left the house with the three

prisoner, and parted with them just outside the door—we had had gin-half-a pint was drank, I believe.





OWEN OWEN
. I am landlord of the Golden Fleece, in Tothill-fields. On the morning of 24th April, the three prisoners and Foy came in, between five and six o'clock—they had half-a-pint of gin—it came to 8d.—they paid sixteen farthings, and the rest in halfpence and pence—it was pat down on the counter, I cannot say by which of them.





THOMAS JAMES AGGLETON
. I am landlord of a public-house in Dean-street, Westminster. I know Carter and Turk—I saw them at noon, on 24th April—they called for a quartern of gin and spruce—one of them paid with sixteen farthings, I do not know which it was—they were laid on the counter while I was drawing the spruce.

Tuck. Q. What do you know me by? A, By your general appearance and dress—I took particular notice of you.





THOMAS HENRY THREADGOLD
 (policeman, B 322). I was on reserve duty at the station on the night of 24th April. I remember a drunken person being locked up, about ten o'clock—I was sent by the inspector in order to quiet him—while there, I beard Carter speak to Daley—(I can swear to their voices, for they had been some time in the station before they were locked up)—Carter said, "It was them bloodies. that cracked about the cigars, that done it for us"—Carter asked Daley how he thought they should get on in the morning—Daley said that they should be fulled safe, meaning, that they should be committed for trial—Carter asked Daley what he thought they should be done to then, and be said, they should be lagged, meaning, that they should be transported—he asked, who bad the spectacles, and Carter said, Pudding, which I found was a nickname that Tuck went by; they then got talking about the money found on them—Carter asked Daley how he had so little money on him—he said he had been blowing it all the afternoon, meaning, he had spent it—afterwards, Carter and Tuck were talking together, and Tuck said he should not care if he did not get more than a drag for it, meaning three months; Carter said he should be very sorry to have to do a drag for what Tuck had done—I then happened to move, and made a slight noise, and Daley hallooed out, "Nish!" that means, keep quiet.

Carter. Q. I should like to know how be can swear to our voices? A. I can positively swear to your voice, and Daley's and Tuck's—I was above an hour with you, and heard yon speak—I heard Carter call Pudding, and Tuck answered to it, and called Carter, Ginger.


Carter, How he knew me is, I have worked for them, and carried their coals.

COURT. Q. Bid you see what cell Carter was put into? A. Into the middle cell, and the others were in the two cells right and left—the drunken man was in the middle cell—the voice came from the cell in which Carter was. WILLIAM MILLERMAN (policeman, B 95). I apprehended Carter and Tuck—I asked Carter whether he was not at the Golden Fleece, smoking his cheroots—he denied it—I took him to the station, and went after Tuck—I found him at the Old Star and Crown—I took him to the station—Daley was there before—I found 12s. on Carter, and 7s. 4d. on Tuck.

Carter. It is false that I denied being at the Fleece; I said, "Yes," and you thought it was "No;" you asked me for a shirt. Witness. I did not.





JOHN CUTTING
 (policeman, B 235). I apprehended Daley in the Nelson beer-shop, in York-street—I told him I wanted him for a burglary—I told him there were two men in custody; they were Ginger and another, and I believed he was early that morning in Tothill-street, smoking a cheroot—he

said, "No"—I found on him eight penny-pieces, two halfpence, and two farthings—I went next morning to the address Carter gave me in Hide-street, and found two more cheroots.

Daley. Q. What witness have you got to prove that I was smoking in Tothill-street? A. The landlord, and a boy also.





JOHN DELBRIDGE
. I am shopman to a pawnbroker, in Aldgate. I produce this watch, pawned on 24th April, in the name of Carter—I have no doubt Carter was the person who pawned it.





JAMES DURRANT

re-examined. This is my watch—it was safe on 23rd April, at twelve o'clock at night, in a timepiece case, on the bar-parlour mantel-shelf—these cheroots are the same kind as those I lost.





JOB HOLLOWAY
. I am barman at the King's Arms, in Strutton-ground. On a Thursday or Friday, I am not certain of the day, Daley came, about nine o'clock—he asked if I would take 6d.-worth of farthings of him—I said, no, we did not want any—I saw he had the farthings in his hand.





GEORGE SWEETMAN
. I live with my father, who is a baker, in Struttonground. Either on a Thursday or Friday Tuck came to our house—he asked if I would take 6d.-worth of farthings of him—I said, "Yes," and I took them, and gave him a sixpence—I asked him if he had got 6d. worth more to spare—he said, "Yes," and he took them out of his pocket and gave them to me.

Tuck. Q. How do you know me? A. I took particular notice of you. MR. BIRNIE. Q. Did you see him taken into custody? A. Yes; I pointed him out.

Daley's Defence. On 24th April I got up in the morning at half-past four o'clock, to go into the brick-fields to get work; I met these two prisoners in Strutton-ground; we went and had something to drink; I then went to the brick-fields, and they did not begin work till Friday, and I came away.

Carter's Defence. I am guilty of pawning the watch, but not of the robbery; I met these two in Strutton-ground, and afterwards I met another man; we all went together, and they did not begin to work that day; the other man asked me to take a walk with him; I did, and he asked me to pawn the watch for him; I said, "Yes," and I put it in my own name.

Tuck's Defence. I was with the prisoners that morning, but I am innocent of the crime.





WILLIAM MILLERMAN

re-examined. I produce a certificate of Daley's former conviction, at this Court—(read—Convicted July, 1848, having been before convicted; confined six months, and whipped)—I was present—he is the person.

DALEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.


CARTER*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19. —


Transported for Seven Years.


TUCK—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—



Confined Twelve Months.

