







72. 




THOMAS KELLY,


 MARY ANN BROWN,


 GEORGE MINNS,


 WILLIAM FISHER
, and 



SOPHIA FIELD



, feloniously having in their possession a mould impressed with the obverse side of a half crown.


MESSRS. CLERK
and
POLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS RICHARDS
 (police-sergeant, M). On Wednesday, 13th Oct.,

from information I received I went to No. 1, Unicorn-court, Mint-street, with sergeant Wood house, and two other constables—we found the street door open, and went up to the first floor—we had a little boy with us who knocked at the door—some one inside said, "Who is there?"—the boy said, "It is all right," and the door was opened by, I believe, the prisoner Kelly—I entered alone, and saw all the prisoners—Kelly and Fisher were standing up and the two women, and Minns were standing round the fire—it is rather a small room, the light was in Fisher's hands—it was about half past 6 o'clock in the evening, the fire was alight—I saw a mould in Kelly's hand when I went into the room—I seized it, and took it from him, this is it (produced)—I believe it is only half of a mould, it is for a half crown—here is half a crown sticking in it now, which I believe is good, the head is next to the mould, it has never been taken out yet—this pipkin (produced) was on the fire containing melted metal quite hot—there was a quantity of broken up plaster of Paris on the hearth, more than enough to have formed the other half of the mould, there was enough to fill a quart pot—I picked up three bad shillings and a sixpence in an unfinished state, from among the plaster of Paris on the hearth, they were quite warm (produced)—I found on the mantel piece part of a galvanic battery, and a broken Britannia metal spoon—in the cupboard I found an iron ladle—as I entered the room I saw Brown rise up from where she was sitting, and run to the foot of the bed—I went there afterwards, and found this part of a bad half crown under the bed—I asked Kelly who occupied the room, he said he did—when I took hold of Kelly, Fisher attempted to run down stairs—he was stopped, and brought back—I took the prisoners into custody with the assistance of the other constables—Minns was sitting by the fire for some considerable time, I had desired them all to remain where they were—Minns and Field did not move, it was close to their feet that I picked up the bad money—one was silting on one side of the fire, and one on the other.

Cross-examined by
MR. WOOLLETT. Q. Have you made some inquiries about Minns? A. No; I have known him about Kent-street as a boy—I know nothing against him.

Kelly. Q. What was the reason you left the room after coming in? A. I had received information, that underneath that place I should find a great deal of money which was made, and I left to find it, but could not do so—what I found was in your presence in the room.





JOHN WOODHOUSE
 (police-sergeant, 13 M). On 13th Oct. I accompanied Richards, and the boy to this house—I remained on the stairs, after Richards had gone into the room, the prisoner Fisher came out in a hurried way, I stopped him, and took him back—there were two more constables downstairs, whom I called up—I searched Fisher, found nothing on him, and gave him in charge of a constable—I then searched Kelly, I saw him put his foot on something, and found under his foot a counterfeit shilling—in his pocket I found two good half crowns, and two good shillings—there was a table in the room with three bottles on it, and a saucer containing sand, and a cup with something which appeared like some acid, it has not been tested—I took a paper containing plaster of Paris from the table, two files, a knife, and a spoon containing wet plaster of Paris, not quite set—there was a very bright fire with a pipkin on it which Sergeant Wright took off—it had some hot metal in it in a fluid state—Field was standing at the corner of the room near the window, Minns and Blown were sitting down by the fire—I said to Field, "What are you doing here?"—she said, "I have nothing to do with them, I have only come to see them make it."


Cross-examined. Q. I believe you know something of Minns? A. Yes; I never beard anything against his character—I have seen him working with a barrow, selling fruit.

COURT. Q. How long have you known him? A. From a child; his age is about nineteen—I examined several broken pieces of plaster of Paris which I found—there were no marks on them; they were broken up too small—when Field said she had nothing to do with it, she only came to see them make it, she spoke as if she was frightened—I am sure the others could have heard it, she spoke loud enough—she was three or four yards from them at the time; Fisher was nearest to her—there was a good deal of bustle in the room.





EDWARD HEWLETT
 (policeman). I took Fisher, and found four bad. sixpences on the hearth, unfinished, and quite warm (produced)—also some plaster of Paris—the prisoners were then all gone, to the station.

Kelly. Q. I wish to know why there was not a constable there; one or two persons came into the room, and were ordered out? A. A young man came in, and as soon as sergeant Woodhouse saw him, he ordered him out—he had not gone up to the fire; he went and spoke to Field at the window.





DENNIS CLARK
 (policeman, M 108). I assisted in searching the room—I found two bad shillings under the table—it was after the prisoners bad gone to the station.





WILLIAM WEBSTER
. I am one of the inspectors of coin to Her Majesty's Mint. This plaster of Paris mould bears the impression of the head of a half erown; it has not been used—I have taken the half crown out of it—to make it usable it wants the corresponding part for the reverse, and it also requires the channel to be added to it—this galvanic battery is used for electro-plating the coins, covering them with a coat of silver—we do not have quite so much electro-plated coin now as we had some years ago, it gives too bright an appearance—these shillings are all counterfeit, and from the same mould, which has been made from the good shilling found in Kelly's pocket—these sixpences are counterfeit, and from the same mould—there are enough pieces of broken plaster here to form a mould for a shilling or half Crown—this is part of a half crown of Her present Majesty, which was found under the bed—it is different from this half crown mould—(a basket full of broken pieces of plaster of Paris was here produced, which the witness examined)—this piece is part of a mould (looking at one), but I cannot swear whether the other pieces are parts of a mould or not.
(Minns received a good character.)

KELLY—


GUILTY
. Aged 19. 


Transported for Ten Years.


BROWN, MINNS, FISHER
and
FIELD—


NOT GUILTY
.
