



478. 




WILLIAM CLEMENTS
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging and uttering an order for payment of 10l. 10s.; with intent to defraud.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM ROBERTSON
. I live at 130, Aldersgate-street—my nephew is a baker there. On 17th March the prisoner came to my house with a check between 6 and a quarter before 7 o'clock—he said he came from Mr. Rutherford, a baker in Barbican, and he wanted change for the check—he said it was for a very particular customer, and Mr. Rutherford would be very much obliged to me if I would change it—this is the check (produced)—it is dated 17th March, 1852, for 10l. 10s., drawn by Thomas Cureton on Messrs. Praed and Co.—my housekeeper was in my shop at the time—I saw her take the check out of the prisoner's band, and she handed it to me—I took it in the parlour, looked at it, and brought it in the shop, and told him Mr. Rutherford ought to put his name to it—he said Mr. Rutherford would have put his name, but he was not certain that I had the cash—I went up stairs, and brought down nine sovereigns, two halt sovereigns, and 10s. in silver, and gave him the ten guineas for it—I sent it to the bankers'—the prisoner was dressed as a baker, with a flannel jacket, and a white night cap, such as bakers generally wear, and his face was dabbed with flour, as if he had left work without washing himself—I took particular notice of him, because I thought I might know him, being a baker—I had not seen him before—I saw him afterwards, when I went with the officer to his lodging—he came down in his shirt sleeves—I identified him—the 17th was on a Wednesday, and I think it was on the Thursday week following that I saw him again—I had given a description of him before I saw him again—the officer called on me, and I gave him a description of him.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. How soon afterwards did you give a description to the policeman? A. It was several days after—I did not keep an account of the time—I sent the check to the bankers the next morning—there was only my housekeeper in the shop when the prisoner first came—I was in the bakehouse—I do not remember having seen him before—I did not see him again till I was taken by the policeman to his lodging—he then had black trowsers on, and he was in his shirt sleeves, as far as I can recollect—I could not see what trowsers the person had on who brought the cheek, the counter was between him and me—I saw his jacket, and I took particular notice of the man—when he was taken, he went and dressed himself—he then had on a black coat—his dress did not correspond in any respect with the dress the person had on in my shop—I took particular notice of his features—I have not the least doubt that the prisoner is the man—I looked particularly at the man to see if I knew him—I did not say, on another occasion, that I thought the prisoner was the person who presented the check.

MR. PATNE. Q. Looking at him now, what do you say? A. I am certain he is the man.






ANN WILSON
. I am housekeeper to Mr. Robertson. I remember being in his shop on 17th March—the prisoner came in with a check, and asked if Mr. Robertson could oblige Mr. Rutherford in Barbican with change for it—Mr. Robertson was not in the shop—he came in, and I gave him the check—he said Mr. Rutherford ought to have put his name on the back—the prisoner said Mr. Rutherford would have done so, but he was not sure that he had got the change for it—Mr. Robertson went up stairs, and brought the money down—I saw him give it to the prisoner—the person was dressed as a baker, with a flannel jacket and a nightcap—the prisoner is the person.

Cross-examined. Q. He had a nightcap? A. Yes, and light trowsers, all flour dust, and his face and all—I had never seen him before to my knowledge—I never saw him again till I saw him at the station—I recognized him directly.





PETER HENDERSON
. I am a master baker, in Pitfield-street, Hoxton. The prisoner was in my employ—I have seen him write—to the best of my belief this check is his writing.

Cross-examined. Q. How long is it since the prisoner was in your service? A. On Christmas Eve, 1846—since then he has been out of my employ—he was about three months in my employ—he came into my employ in the middle of Sept.—it is three or four years, or perhaps five years, since I saw him—he had to serve a few customers, and I saw him keep memorandums, and I received a letter from him in March, 1847—I cannot find that letter—I do not swear positively to this check being his writing—I simply say I believe it to be his writing—there were reasons which induced me to watch him narrowly when he was with not—I took notice of everything about him, and there was a stiffness about his writing—he was very fond of writing, almost every day he was borrowing an inkstand and pen—I am induced to say this is his writing, from the stiffness of the character and the general appearance of it—there is a particular thickness about the down strokes and a thinness about the up strokes.





GEORGE EVANS
. I know the prisoner very well—I have seen him write, and know his handwriting—I swear to the best of my belief this check is his writing.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. lam at present out of business—I did keep a beer house—I have been out of it about four months—I was in it two years and a half—the prisoner was a customer to me about twelve months, off and on—his brother had a raffle at my house, and his brother not being able to write so well as him he got him to write a great many names down, which I saw him do; and another time there was a little bit of a dispute between him and me, and he said, "Give me the pen and ink, and I will put it down"—he put down figures and writing—I have not it in my possession now—I cannot tell what became of the raffle paper—he wrote twenty or thirty names at different times—there is a peculiarity in his writing—this word "self" is peculiar—his writing is one that I could recollect—there is a peculiar character in the letters, and a stiffness in it—I never saw Mr. Henderson before to-day—we have had some talk about this trial—we were not looking at this check outside the door—I never saw it before—I told him there was a peculiar stiffness in the prisoner's writing.





WILLIAM SMITH
 (City-policeman). I got a description from Mr. Robertson of the person who uttered the check, and I took Mr. Robertson to 5, Eagle-court, in the Strand, which is the residence of the prisoner—this was on a Thursday; I believe it was a week and a day after the check was uttered—I

knocked at the door—there was glass in the door, and I saw the prisoner turn and go up stairs—I went to the side door, which was open—I went in, and saw a female in bed on the ground floor—I asked if John Clements was in—she said, "No; he has been gone out about an hour"—I said, "I wish to see him"—she said, "If you call in about an hour perhaps you may see him"—I said, "No; I wish to see him now; it is on business very important"—I asked her to give me a light, and she gave me one—I went down in the cellar and looked over some dirty things, and found this flannel jacket—I then went up to the first floor; I found nothing there—I went up to the third floor, and found two females in the room; one of them refused to let me in—I told her I must come—I went in, and saw the prisoner in bed, covered with bedclothes, and this pair of trowsers was lying outside the bed—I told him to get up, there was a gentleman wished to see him—he said he would be d—if he would get up for me, or any one else; and he wanted to know what gentleman it was—at last he came down—he put on these trowsers at first—he asked me to allow him to wash himself, and he did—he then put on a pair of black trowsers, and a black coat and waistcoat—I took him down, and took him outside the house; Mr. Robertson saw him, and said, "That is the man!"—when I first saw this flannel jacket, it was in the cellar—when I had taken the prisoner I looked for it again, and it was not there—I afterwards found it in a cupboard, behind the door, on the second floor.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you in uniform? A. No; he knew me—I did not tell him I had a charge against him for uttering a forged check—I induced him to go down to see a gentleman—when I took him down, and he was identified, I told him what the charge was—he said, "I don't know anything at all about it"—I left him in charge of another officer, to whom he made some resistance—he denied that' the other jacket and trowsers were his property.





THOMAS PEATY
 (policeman, K 107). I received the prisoner from the last witness—the prisoner struck me, and said he would run a knife through me, and give me a crack over the bead with the poker; he struck me three times, and tried to get away—I was down; another constable came to my assistance.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you outside waiting with Mr. Robertson? A. Yes; the prisoner was brought down—I was in the hall while the search was going on—there was a fireplace, and a fire—I did not take the prisoner by the neck till he ran at me—he said it was unnecessary for me to treat him in that manner, but I never used any violence to him.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you lay hold of him till he made an attempt to get away? A. No; he was going out, and I laid hold of him, and then it was that he said he would give me a crack of the head.





HENRY OSBORNE CURETON
. I live at Pentonville, I was formerly in business in Aldersgate-street. I do not know any person of my name living about there—there is no Mr. Cureton, a baker there—I have not any account at Praed's, the bankers', and never had—I never saw the prisoner till he was at Guildhall.





WILLIAMWILSON BARN
. I am clerk to Messrs. Praed's. No person of the name on this check keeps an account at our house.





JAMES RUTHERFORD
. I am a baker, in Barbican. I never gave the prisoner this check to get change for me—I have heard of the name of Thomas Cureton, in Aldersgate, though I was not known personally to him; there is no other Mr. Rutherford, a baker, in Barbican.


Cross-examined. Q. Have you many persons in your employ? A. I have two men and a boy—one man has been with me twenty years, the other about six months—there are not two other bakers' shops in Barbican—there is one in Beech-street, kept by a very respectable man—I think he keeps three or four men—I am not aware that his men are personally acquainted with the men in my employ—I am not aware that journeymen bakers meet at a house in my neighbourhood.




GUILTY
.
(The prisoner was further charged with having been twice before convicted.)





JOSEPH COOTE
 (policeman, N 170). I produce two certificates which I received at Mr. Clark's office—read—Central Criminal Court, Jan. 4, 1847; 


John Clements convicted of embezzlement, and confined three months. August 21, 1848; John Clements convicted of embezzlement, and confined nine months—I was present at both the trials, the prisoner is the man.


GUILTY. † Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
