



759. 




JOACHIM SEVILLA



, feloniously, and without lawful excuse having in his custody and possession 100 pieces of paper, impressed with part of an undertaking for the payment of money of the Republic of Peru. without the authority of that State.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
POLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY KENDALL
. I am the consul in London for the Republic of Peru. This prosecution is instituted by the direction of the Peruvian Minister—I have not seen the slave bonds of the Peruvian government before these—I know that the Peruvian government have issued such bonds—I an aware of that, officially—I know the handwriting of the President of the Republic, Ramon Castillio, and also of the Minister of Finance, Jose Fabie Melgar, from communications I have received from him; and also of Ysadio d'Aramburu; he is President of the Liquidating Commission, the Slave Commission—I find the signature of those three gentlemen to this bond (produced)—I do not know the signatures of the fourth gentleman, I am not familiar with it—the three signatures to this bond I believe to be genuine—this is a bond for 300 pesos—a peso is a Peruvian coin, the values of it is 3s. 10d.; they are dollars, in fact—I have not made a translation of that bond, but have seen one—this (produced) is an accurate translation.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. Have you ever seen any of these bonds before? A. No—I know that there are such bonds in circulation in Pera—I know it by communications from the government to me, that is my only'source of knowledge, as I am in this country—it is fifteen years since I was in Peru—this is the first time I have ever seen any of these bonds—this transaction is the first occasion upon which I have ever seen them—I have seen the President write, in Lima, from fifteen to twenty years ago—he was Minister of Finance then—I have seen M. d'Aramburu write at the same period—he was then a merchant; he also held various offices—I have not seen M. Melgar write—I can speak to his signature, because I am is the habit of receiving dispatches from him, in his capacity of Minister of Finance—I received dispatches from him two or three posts ago, with the last two months—he has signed my own bills of exchange—he has been Minister of Finance some months, but he has been Minister of Finance on one or two occasions previously, then been superseded by another, and then has come in again—they are perpetually changing in Peru—there are not quite so many as two or three Presidents in a few months, or a year—unfortunately, there have been a great many revolutions—I am not aware of any disarrangement of the currency; whatever circulates as currency has always remained the same—the government that comes in pays the bonds which the other government has undertaken; that has always been so—I am not aware that they have ever been refused—I do not know of my own know ledge that these bonds are at present in circulation—I am pretty well satisfied that they have not been withdrawn from circulation by the government I have seen orders about the payment of them, within the last six weeks or the last month—there are various kinds of bonds that they undertake to pay not a great many—this is a bond given in compensation for slaves liberated—I do not think that a commission is now actually sitting about them

and tint they are not at present in circulation—at this distance I could not undertake to say it is not the case—I do not know everything that goas on there.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Upon the occasion of one change in 1855, were the slaves in the Repmblic of Peru declared free? A. They wort; that was the first act of the government of General Castillio when he came into power—as far aa my knowledge goes, that government is still existing, and in power—these bonds were not issued immediately to recompense the owners of the slaves, but a commission was appointed to investigate the claims of the slave proprietors, and these were given in payment—although it is fifteen years since I saw the President write, I have been in correspondence with him ever since, more or less; and also with the official persons connected with the government at present in power at Peru—I believe these are valid bonds at this time—(A translation of the bond was had read) "Peruvian Republic, Lima. Value—No.—. Liberation of Slaves decreed at Huancayo, 30th Dec., 1 54. Bond for the sum of—pesos, arising from the manumission of slaves and freed men, which, is according to the claim registered under No.—belonged to—which sum is acknowledged by the nation, and it binds itself to satisfy the same by payment to bearer in the course of three years, with interest, at one half percent monthly, in conformity with what is set forth in articles 10 and 15 of the supreme decree of 9th March, 1855. Lima.—the President of the Republic, Ramon Castillio; the Minister of Finance, Jose Fabio Melgar; the President of the Liquidation Commission, Ysadio d'Aramburu; the Secretary of the Liquidation Commission, Pedro Paz Soldan," (The were set out in the document.)





JOHN BRYCE
. I am a merchant, and formerly lived at Callao and Lima, in Pen. I lived there about twenty years—I left in March this year—to have seen a few of these bonds negotiated in Peru, they pass from hand to hand—after the owner of the slaves, whose name appears in the bond, has endorsed it, then it passes from hand to hand—I am acquainted with the handwriting of the President—I have no doubt this signature, Ramon Castillio, is his—he was the President when I left in March last—I have seen the signature of Pedro Paz Soldan, Secretary of the Commission, to these documents—I have seen eight or ten of these documents signed by him, but I did not know his signature until I saw it on these documents—I have never seen him write—I have seen Mr. Melgar write—I have doubt but this is his signature—I have never seen Ysadio d'Airamburu write, but I have seen his signature often to documents of this sort and letters.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you leave Peru? A. Last March—these bounds have never been withdrawn from circulation—there it no payment; the payment, I believe, is to be in three years—they are current in the market, but are not paid by the government—there has not been a committee appointed to inquire about those that are issued, to my knowledge.





JOSE GONZALEZ DEL REIGO
 (through an interpreter). I am a Peruvian. I came from Peru on 15th March, this year—I had slaves at the time of the liberation, in 1855—when the slaves were liberated, bonds of this description were given to the slave owners; I had some given to me—this appears to be a genuine slave bond, similar to that given to me upon the liberation of my slaves.

Cross-examined. Q. How long is it since you received bonds? A. Last year, when the slaves were manumitted—they have never refused payment

of tie bonds—I believe that the names to the bonds I received were the same as those to this bond.





HERMAN DEUTSCH
. I live at No. 6, Carpenter's-buildings, London-wall; I am a German; I carry on the business of a lithographer. The prisoner came to my place of business on Friday, 27th June last—he first spoke to me in French, a language I do not understand—on telling him that, he spoke in English—he said, "I want you to do me some facsimiles"—he at first asked me whether I could do fac-similes, and I said, "Yes"—when I showed him the specimens, he said, "That is the very thing I want"—he then showed me a piece of newspaper to indicate the size of what he wanted—he wanted me to do between 100 and 125 fac-similes—I asked him some questions upon that—he said, "I want 125"—he showed me how to place them, and I said, "You want them for portraits?"—he said, "Yes"—he asked me for the price—I made out my estimate, and told him it would be 8l. or 8l. 10s.—he said, "Have you got 125 stones of the size?"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "If you have not got them all that size I would rather pay you a sovereign more"—he said, "Are you a printer yourself?"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "That is all right then"—he then produced a paper from his pocket, and showed it me—he wanted me to do the signature, to make a fac-simile of the signature—I undertook to do it—he was to call and see it the next day at 12 o'clock, Saturday—he then went away—he came at 12 o'clock on Saturday—I had done the fac-simile, and showed it to him—this is it—he compared it with the letter, and said it was excellently done; he would send it off by post (on Saturday), and let me have an answer in about two days—he came again on the Monday, 30th June—he first produced to me this paper—it was printed without the signatures—he wanted me to do the signatures, the fac-similes from the signatures which he brought—I see the signatures that have been cut out of the genuine bond—they were the signatures that he produced to me, and wished me to put on the blank me that he brought—I asked him what the paper was—he said, "They are only passports to send persons to South America"—I undertook to make the fac-similes—he then produced a parcel of similar papers without the signatures, about 100—I was to affix the same signatures to those 100—I was to get them done for him in fourteen days—he first spoke to me about 100 or 125 fac-similes—after he showed me that parcel, he said, "I want, instead of 125 fac-similes, 1,500"—I made my estimate out, and told him it would be 18l.—he agreed to pay it—I asked him who he was, and where he lived—he said, "Oh, I am living in the country"—I said, "Well, will you oblige me with some reference, please?"—I asked him his name and address; then I asked him for a reference—he said, "Well, I shall leave you a deposit; how much shall I leave you?"—I said, "About five or six pounds"—he said, "I shall leave you 4l. he left me 4l., for which I gave him a receipt—I made some inquiry of lie Peruvian Consul next morning—I was afterwards introduced to an officer of the detective police, and acted under his orders—after this the prisoner came to me every day, and brought me other papers to do—I had 200 finished by the Wednesday, with the signatures to them—he called on the Wednesday—I have blinds to my windows—he said, "Can you manage, Mr. Deutsch, to keep your door, shut, and your blinds down?"—I said, "Oh, I can manage that"—he wanted me to finish off a certain number a day, and let him have them, and I declined that; I said I would not deliver them until they were all finished—he called from day to day to see how they were getting on—I showed them to him from time to time—afterwards he asked me to return him the original signatures

that be brought me to make the fac-similes from—that I refused to do—he came to my place on the Friday—he looked at the papers, and said, "Now,; Mr. Deutsch, I know you are an honest man, and you can perhaps find a person in whom you can place confidence to fill that up?" the written part—he said he would give 4l. or 5l. for it—I said that I would do my best; I could perhaps find some one—I was to give him an answer about that on the Saturday—I think it was about half past 1 o'clock, or half past 2, when he left me on the Friday—I did not see him again till he was in custody—the paper that has "12" on the back of it is one that I affixed the signatures to for him—it is one of the parcel that I did.

Cross-examined. Q. How often did he call upon you? A. Every day—he did not mention to me, in the first instance, that he had been commissioned by somebody—at first he spoke French, then he spoke English to me—he speaks English very well, I could understand him very well—he did not say that he was sent by anybody—I am quite sure of that—I have done fac-similes before, frequently, of circulars, for merchants—I never did any bonds before, nothing of the kind—I never knew him before—he came to me on the 27th June; on the Friday it was, about half past 3 o'clock in the afternoon—I have been sworn to-day, in the usual way—I am a Jew—I was sworn on the New Testament, I think that oath binds me just as. well—I have not been sworn on the Old Testament—I consider it equally binding on the New Testament.





EDWARD FUNNELL
. I am a detective police officer. On Wednesday, 2nd July, Mr. Deutsch made a communication to me—from what he told me, I gave him certain directions and I watched his premises in Carpenter's buildings—on Friday, the 4th, I saw the prisoner come out—I followed him to No. 15, Marylebone-street, Golden-square—I followed him in there—I asked him to step out with me, that I wanted to speak to him a moment—I told him I was a detective officer—he said, "What have I done?"—I told him the charge against him would be for inciting Herman Deutsch, of No. 6, Carpenter's-buildings, to forge a lot of signatures to documents to defraud the Peruvian government, and others; he made no reply—I then took him into custody, and put him into a cab—he became very much excited, and said that we might be all thieves for what he knew—I had two more officers with me at the time—I then showed him my authority, my warrant card—he said, "Take me to my Minister"—I told him I should take him to the station house—I asked him if he knew Herman Deutsch—he said, "No"—I said, "Not of Carpenter's-buildings?"—he said, "No"—I told him that I had followed him from there that afternoon—I then showed him some papers that I had received from Deutsch; they had been torn—I asked if he knew anything of these—he said, "No; and what if I do?"—I said, "You do not know Carpenter's-buildings?"—he said, "No"—I took him to the station house—I there searched him; in a pocket book I found the bond No. 12, and 54l. 10s. in money, three leys, and a gold watch—I then went to where he lodged, and took possession of some more papers—the keys fitted the locks.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you found a passport on him also? A. I did, for China, and a great many other places.
(MR. RIBTON
submitted thai the instrument in question wot not correctly described in the indictment: it had been called, in the course of the evidence, a bond, and that was evidently its proper description; and the 30th section of the Act (1 Wm. 4, c. 66) made a distinction between a bond and an under-taking.
MR. BODKIN
stated that the 30ih section applied to English securities.







MR. BARON MARTIN

was of opinion that whatever name might be given to the instrument it was correctly described as an undertaking for the payment of money.)

MR. RIBTON to JOHN BRYCE. Q. Have you known this gentleman for some time, and his family? A. I hare known his family and his brother for some years—I must have met the prisoner himself once I think at dinner—his family are highly respectable, his brother is a ship owner—I think the prisoner had a share in a speculation in guano to China, and to bring back china to England.




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

(MR. BODKIN
stated that papers were found belonging to the prisoner which disclosed the fact that a regular partnership existed between himself and other to carry out the fraud in question.)
