





510. 




EDWARD HARDING BERKLEY,



 ROBERT MARLEY
, and 




ROBERT INGLIS



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



Sarah Davis, and stealing therein 17 pairs of trowsers, 3 shirts, 6 pairs of stockings, and other articles, value 9l. 18s., her property; Marley having been before convicted: to which


MARLEY pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Seven Years.


MR. THOMPSON
conducted the Prosecution.






SARAH DAVIS
. I am a widow, and live at No. 1, Baldwin's-gardens I keep a new and second-hand clothes' shop—I rent the whole house, but let a part of it—there is a passage between the shop and the other part of the house, communicating with the shop by a private door—the lodgers do not have to go through the shop to their rooms—it is my dwelling house, and is in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn—I have a separate door into my shop, besides the door from the shop into the passage—I can go from my shop into the street or into the passage—I always lock the passage door before I go to bed—the street door is always locked at night—I have two lodgers; one is Smith's wife, and the other only came last Monday—Berkley lodged with me seven weeks, up to the time of the robbery—he had only been a week in my place when I gave him notice to go out, but he would not go—the lodgers have no business to go through my shop—on 15th March I went to bed about half past 9 o'clock—I left the shop door locked, but the lodgers have keys of the street door, and let themselves in and out—I lock my door with a patent lock; it locks twice—when I went up to bed I locked the door from the shop into the passage—between 2 and half past 2 o'clock I was called up, and found some of my property lying in the passage—I missed seventeen pairs of trowsers, some coats, shirts, stockings, and socks.

Cross-examined by
MR. COOPER. Q. Berkley was lodging at your house then? A. Yes





JAMES HEWSON
 (policeman, G 253). On the morning of 16th March I was on duty in Baldwin's-gardens, and saw Marley and Inglis loitering about—they went up to the door of Mrs. Davis's house, and stood there for a minute or a minute and a half, talking to each other—I had seen Marley before—I went up to them, and they both walked away—I put my hand against the street door, and found it was unfastened—that is the door leading from the passage to the street—I found there was somebody pressing against it inside—I shoved very hard, and said, "Halloo! who is here?"—Berkley

said, "All right, Governor"—I knew his voice, and said, "Do you live here?"—he said, "Yes, my name is Berkley"—he came up to the door, and I knew him—I knew that he lived there when I saw him—I had shoved the door open, and he stood in the passage—knowing that he lived there, I walked away—about half an hour afterwards I came round again, put my hand to the door, and found it still open—knowing that Berkley had shut it after me I turned my lamp on, and saw five pairs of trowsers and two coats lying in the passage—I stood there till another constable came up, then went in further, and found the door leading from the shop into the passage was broken open—I then called up Mrs. Davis—she came down, and accused Berkley directly—I went up stairs into Berkley's bedroom, and found him in bed—I asked him how long he had been in bed—he said ever since just after 12 o'clock—it was then about half past 2 o'clock; and when I saw him in the passage, on the first occasion, it was about 2 o'clock—I said he had not been in bed ever since 12 o'clock, and that I had seen him in the passage about half an hour previously, and told him he was charged with being concerned, with others, in breaking into Mrs. Davis's shop—he said he was nowhere near the place at the time—I told him he must get up and go with me to the station—he got up, and I took him into custody.

Cross-examined. Q. You had never seen Inglis before? A. No.

COURT. Q. The first time you went in, hadyoua light? A. No; I observed nothing in the passage then, as it was very dark—the second time I went I had a lamp.





JOHN PORTER
 (policeman, G 101.) I went to No. 1, Garden-court, between 3 and 4 o'clock; that is about 150 yards from Mrs. Davis's—I went to the first floor front room, and found the prisoner Marley there in bed, with his trowsers, stockings, and waistcoat on—I found nothing there—I left a police sergeant there, went into a back room on the same floor, and found Inglis in bed with all his clothes on, except his coat; he had his boots on—I told him I took him for being concerned, with another, in committing a burglary at No. 1, Baldwin's-gardens—he said be knew nothing at all of it—I found in the room twelve pairs of trowsers and three coats, tied up in this shawl (produced)—they were at the side of the bed in which Inglis was—he was there when I found them—I made no remark to him about them, and he said nothing about them—I took him to the station, searched Mm, and found this pair of socks (produced) in his pocket—I held them up to Mrs. Davis, and she identified them—Inglis said they Were not hers, they were his, and be could bring people to prove it.

Cross-examined. Q. Had Marley his boots on? A. No; he had on his trowsers, stockings, and waistcoat—the bundle was close to the side of the bed Inglis was sleeping on; it was a low open bedstead—I should think he was asleep when I went in, from his appearance—he was sober—I was present before the Magistrate when the prisoners were there—I have heard Marley say he was the only person who did it.





JANE MANDERSON
. I am the wife of Robert Manderson, and live at Mrs. Davis's house, on the second floor; Berkley occupies the third floor. On 16th March, between 12 and 1 o'clock, I heard Berkley come in and go up stairs to his room—he has a wife; I heard him speak to her—he was not there a great while before I heard somebody whistle outside (there are no back rooms to the house)—I then heard some one take their shoes off in Berkley's room, and then some one, who I suppose was Berkley, came down stairs without shoes—I distinctly heard him throw two shoes down as he took them off—I then heard nothing for a little while, but afterwards I heard a great noise at

the bottom of the stairs, and then I heard the bell ring, which is behind Mrs. Davis's door, at the bottom of the stairs, and which goes into the shop from the passage—the bell is inside the shop—I then heard a policeman speak to somebody at the door; that was not very long after the bell rang—I heard the policeman say, "Who is there?"—the man said his name was Berkley, and he lived up stairs—I did not hear anything for some time, and then I heard somebody down stairs, and I knocked for Mrs. Davis, and said I was afraid it was not all right down stairs—I do not exactly know these socks, but I have mended a great many pairs for Mrs. Davis, and I might have mended these.

JURY. Q. Were you permitted to pass through the shop on any occasion? A. No, I used the private door.





SARAH DAVIS

re-examined. These socks are mine—I lost a great many more besides—I know them, because Mrs. Manderson darned them for me—these clothes are all mine; this is my private mark on them—they are every one marked.

Cross-examined. Q. What do you speak to the socks by? A. By my giving them to Mrs. Manderson to darn—there is no mark on them.

MR. COOPER
called






ROBERT MARLEY

the prisoner). I have pleaded guilty to this offence—I know Inglis by having seen him in a public house on the night in question—he had no more to do with this robbery than any gentleman in the Court—I put the bundle in his room, because it was the room I generally sleep in; and without wanting him to know what I was about, I laid it down at the side of the bed—I did not wish him to know anything about the robbery; and he did not know anything about it—I suppose he was asleep when I committed the robbery; he had parted from me, and was on my bed—I stated that before the Magistrate, and I swear that what I now say is true.

Cross-examined by
MR. THOMPSON. Q. I believe you have been previously convicted of felony at this Court? A. I have.

COURT. Q. What time was it you met Inglis? A. About the time of shutting up the public house, a little after 12 o'clock—I met him at the corner of Gardon-court, where I reside—I should say that is somewhere about 120 yards from Mrs. Davis's—I knew very little of him before—I had not an opportunity of knowing him long; I had not long been at the place—he did not live at the same place with me, but he said he was too late to go home, and I told him he could go and lie down on my bed if he wished—it was not my lodging, it is a lodging house—the woman who owns the room has a son, and I live with him—I sleep there every night—Inglis has never slept there before to my knowledge, or if he has, it is not more than once—I do not know where he lived—I told him about a quarter past 12 o'clock that he might lie down in my bed—we went to the lodging together when I met him, and I went up into my room with him—he had not been walking about with me before that—he was not at Mrs. Davis's door with me—the woman who owns the lodging has two rooms—she was not in the same room—the son lives in one room with me, and the woman in the front room, but there is only one entrance—you have to go through one room into the other—I went up with Inglis, and told him he could lie down if he liked; but I did not take particular notice whether he went to bed or not—I went away and left him—my fellow-lodger was not there—I never went to sleep at all that night—the policeman did not take me in bed; I was sitting up in the front room when he came—it was the back room where Inglis went to bed—the woman was in the front room when I was there—she is not here.


JURY. Q. You usually occupied the bed slept in by Inglis? A. Yes; be could not have slept there previously without my knowing it.





ROSANNA DIX
. I am the wife of an engineer. I have for a long time past washed the prisoner (Inglis's) linen, and have mended it when necessary—he wears socks; they are very old' ones, and are made of cotton—as I washed them each week I used to mend them if they required it—I had mended his socks on the Sunday before he was taken—my husband has been in his present situation nine months, before that he was out of work for some time—those socks which have been produced are what I mended—I have brought some of the same darning cotton I mended them with, and this is it (produced), and here is another of Inglis's socks which I have brought with me, which I have had to mend—I will swear it to be my own work—he does not lodge at my house—I live in Union-street, and do the work for his landlady.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you mended socks often for him? A. Yes; I do not know whether these fit him—they are all three odd ones—this piece (pointing it out) was put in by me, which makes one sock longer than the other—I put it in about two months ago—I can work a great deal better than this, but I did not think the socks were worth it—this other sock is mended much better—I work better sometimes than at other times—I did not finish mending the whole of this one, because somebody came for it—I mended all these places—my husband is here; I know the prisoner (Inglis) through him—my husband knows him by coming backwards and forwards for his washing—I do not know where Inglis lives; I was never there—I only know his landlady by sight—I never saw her till she came here the day before yesterday—I do not work for her; it is for my own landlady that I work—I do not take Inglis's washing home—he lives somewhere in the Blackfriars-road.





JESSICA BUCHANAN
. My husband is a printer. Inglis hat been lodging at our house for ten months—I believe him to be honest—he keeps good hours, generally speaking—I never heard anything against him in my life—it is about half a mile from my house to Union-street.

Cross-examined. Q. What house do you keep? A. No. 11, Russell street—Inglis is not married that I am aware of—he had a key of our street door—I do not know who washed for him—I know nothing about his linen—he is a printer and pressman, in Fleet-street—I know that he wore socks by seeing them rolled up in his cupboard, when I have gone to it—another young man, a compositor, lives in the room with him—Inglis may have stopped out once or twice of a night and I not know it, as he had a key.

MR. COOPER. Q. You had that confidence in him that he had the key? A. Yes; printers come home at all hours of the night.

MR. THOMPSON
called






JOHN PORTER
 (policeman), re-examined. I saw Inglis before 2 o'clock in the morning in a public house, of the sign of The Old Fish, Baldwiu's gardens; it was on the night of the 15th—he was with Berkley, Marley, and several others—they were all drinking in front of the bar—that is close by where I took Marley and Inglis—a woman named Jackson keeps the house—Marley was in bed with a woman in the first-floor front room when I took him.

COURT. Q. How many rooms are there on a floor? A. Two; you have to go through the front room to get into where Inglis was—you do not go by the room where Inglis was to get to where Marley was





ALFRED GREEN
 (City policeman, 376). I know Inglis and Marley—I have seen them in company—I saw all three prisoners together about a fortnight previous to this robbery, and had occasion to follow Inglis.


Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen them together besides then? A. On two or three occasions when I was watching Inglis—there is no other charge against Inglis that I know of.

BERKLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

INGLIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.
(Berkley was further charged with having been before convicted.)





JOHN GUNN
 (policeman, G 8). I was present when Berkley was convicted, and produce the certificate—he is the person mentioned in it (read—Central Criminal Court, Edward Berkley, Convicted Aug. 1850, on his own confession; confined four months); be is the same person.

BERKLEY—
GUILTY. 


Transported for Seven Years.


Inglis received a good character.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.—INGLIS—



Confined Twelve Months.

