



1728. 




AUGUSTUS ROBINSON



 feloniously forging and uttering an order for payment of 20l.; with intent to defraud 



Charles Keyser.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES KEYSER
. I am a stock-jobber. On 30th July the prisoner was in my service—it was a part of his duty to keep a book, as a check to the bankers' pass-book—this is it (produced) and here is the bankers' pass-book—it was his duty to fill up checks overnight, previous to the settling-day, for me to sign in the morning—it was his duty to get from Lubbock and Co., my bankers, a blank check-book when I wanted it—they were in the habit of returning cancelled checks every week—it was the prisoner's duty to fetch the passbook with the cancelled checks, and to check them with the entries in my own duplicate pass-book, and tick them off—on 30th July I am debited in the bankers' pass-book with 20l., which is not entered in the prisoner's book—that book is in his writing—the check appears to have been drawn on self—I drew no check in favour of "self" for 20l. on 30th July—I never authorised the prisoner to draw, sign, or receive any such check—if any such check came to his hands, either paid or otherwise, it would be his duty to account for it in the book—I obtained these two 5l.-notes (produced) horn my bankers somewhere in Sept.—one has on it "R. H. Cooper, July 3lst, 1850."

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. How many clerks do you keep? A. Only the prisoner—other clerks have not fetched cancelled checks for me from the bankers, since the prisoner has been with me—I may have employed the clerk of a friend on the Stock Exchange to go to the bankers for me, but if any clerk went to the bankers for me, it would probably be at the prisoner's request—I draw a great many checks in the course of a day—I may have drawn fifty, but that is not the average, it is from ten to fifty—I draw them on a desk in the Change—each clerk has his seat—I may draw checks in a hurry—I never omitted to enter one for any time together—every single check which is drawn is dealt with by me afterwards, and put to its proper account—I keep books myself, and should find out whether I had entered it—I do not recollect ever omitting to enter one—the checks are written as fast as they can be, and immediately handed over to me—my check-book is at the Stock Exchange—to the best of my recollection I have not signed blank checks since the prisoner has been with me, which is two years—he could get a check-book whenever he thought it was wanted, without any verbal or written order from me—the bankers had general authority to give it to him—

I keep my check-book in a drawer in a desk in the Exchange—the prisoner had the key and would leave it in the drawer for me if he had to go away—there are about 800 persons in the Stock Exchange—I hare bad two checkbooks at a time, I do no think I have had three—the prisoner had no authority to sign checks for me—he had to fill them up every day for me to sign—an entry is made in the margin at the time the check is drawn—the prisoner is seventeen or eighteen years old—his salary was 100l. a year—he was recommended to me by Mr. Ricardo, who is a friend of his—there is great noise and confusion in the Exchange at times.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. What would a check on "self" denote? A. That it was drawn for my own private expenses—the prisoner took the cheek-book home once a month, but brought it back next morning—I keep the checks after I have examined them with my pass-book, and destroy the counterfoils—if, in the ordinary course of business, I drew a check on "self," on 30th July, I should have the check itself—I am sure I never drew one—I enter every check in a book which I keep myself.





THOMAS BRIGGS
. I am a clerk, at Messrs. Lubbock's. There is a partner named Sir John William Lubbock, Bart.—there are others—Mr. Keyaer keeps an account there—on 30th July I paid a check for 20l. to the prisoner, over the counter—I gave him two 5l. notes, 78407 and 78408, both dated 1st July, and 10l. in gold—this is one of the notes (looking at it)—it is the custom to return paid checks to the customer—it was the prisoner's custom to receive his master's pass-book each week, with the paid checks.

Cross-examined. Q. Do yon hand cancelled checks back? A. Yes; when the pass-book is asked for the checks are put into the pocket, but not by me; they pass through three or four hands before they are returned—they are entered in the pass-book by the juniors—no one but the prisoner ever received Mr. Keyser's pass-book, to my knowledge—I do not always hand it back; there are four cashiers, I am one—when check-books are asked for, I generally give them without any order in writing—I take no signature from the parties for them—if any one beside the prisoner asked me for a cheek-book for Mr. Keyer, I should not give it to them, not even if I knew him to be the clerk of a person on the Stock Exchange, unless he brought an order—the entry is, "20l. paid clerk"—I am certain I paid it to the prisoner, but have no recollection of it independent of the entry in the book.

COURT. Q. When checks are paid over the counter, what is done with them? A. They are placed on a file, and the pass-book is made up from them; they are then placed behind cards, in a box, with the name of each customer, and three or four days afterwards are taken out—when the book is wanted, the ledger-keeper takes the checks from behind the cards, and compares them with the ledger; they are then placed in the book sideways, not in the pocket, but for the junior clerk to write them off on the debit side, place the checks in the pocket, and give them to the ledger-keeper to compare the book with the ledger—after the ledger-keeper has compared the book, he places it in a drawer for the cashier to give up when it is inquired for.





JOHN FARRELL
. I am junior clerk at Lubbock's. On 30th July I find in this pass-book, "Self, 20l." in my writing—I made that entry from the check itself, and then put it into the pocket of the pass-book.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you any recollection of the matter, except from seeing your writing there? A. No—1 find the check placed in the book with others—the person who places it there gets it from the voucher-box—it has already been entered in the ledger before it comes to me—after

I have made the entries, I put the checks into the pocket, and it goes back to the ledger-clerk, to see whether it corresponds with the ledger—it it then put into the drawer for the cashier to deliver up.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Has the ledger-clerk anything to do beyond examining your entry with the pass-book, or has he anything to do with the check at all? A. Not unless I enter it wrong—it would remain in the pocket till the customer sends for it.





EDWARD CRUTTAELL STRINGER
. I am a clerk hi the house of Heron and Co., wholesale druggists, 95, Bishopsgate-street. Mr. Robert Hawkins Cooper, a chemist, was a customer of ours in July last. This 5l. note has on it my writing, "R. H. Cooper, July 31"—I received 20l. from him on that day, of which this note formed a part—the firm have no other customer of that name.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you positive about that note? A. I have no doubt about it.





ROBERT HAWKINS COOPER
. I am a chemist, of 20, Royal Exchange. On 31st July, I owed Heron and Co. 20l.; I paid them that day—the prisoner was a customer of mine, and owed me 2l. 1s.—he paid me on the same day, and I believe this must be the 5l.-note he gave me—I handed it to Mr. Stringer—I had no recollection of the manner in which I was paid, when first asked.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not you say you thought yon were paid in gold? A. I did rather incline to that opinion at that time, but at Guildhall I said I thought it must have been a 5l.-note; and when Mr. Keyser told me he had traced it to me, I had no doubt of it—I said two or three times I thought he paid me in gold—I said I had no recollection of receiving a 5l.-note from him—I knew him by a different name, because I was treating him for a delicate matter—it was two or three weeks afterwards I saw Mr. Keyser—I said I had no recollection of whom he was speaking—a gentleman did call on me, and say, "Tell me the honest truth, was it gold or not?"—and I said, "I believe it was gold"—if the note had not been so clearly traced to me, 1 should still say he paid me in gold.





CHARLES PILL
. I am one of the clerks in Messrs. Lubbock's house; I know the prisoner as Mr. Keyser's clerk. On 9th July, I delivered him a blank check-book—I have a memorandum of it in my own writing, "July 9th, No. 33—150 checks; Charles Keyser"—this is the check-book (produced) 110 of them are gone, counterfoils and all, only forty remain.





CHARLES KEYSER

re-examined. I never destroy the counterfoils while the check-book is in use.





JOHN WALTER HINLEY
. I live at 42, Hernmingford-terrace, Islington. The prisoner lodged with me in July, and afterwards—a policeman came in Sept. and searched the prisoner's lodgings—I saw him examine a dressingcase which was brought up from the prisoner's sister's room—he produced a key and unlocked it—I saw him find a check-book in it.





ROBERT TAYLOR
 (City-policeman, 144). On 31st Aug. I took the prisoner—I got some keys from him at the station, and on 6th Sept. went to Mr. Henley's and opened a dressing-case with one of them, and under a secret bottom which was let in, and which I had great difficulty in getting out, I found the check-book produced—as I took him from Guildhall to the Compter that day, he said, "I believe you are going to search my lodgings?"—I said, "How do you know that, did you hear the Magistrate tell me?"—he said, "Yes; don't let my sister go up with you into the room"—I said, "Are you afraid 1 shall find any checks there?" or "Have you any checks

there?" I forget which—he hesitated a moment, and then said, "I had a check, but I think I destroyed it"—I found on him no check for 20l. of 31st July.

Cross-examined. Q. This is the first time you have mentioned that conversation? A. Yes; the Magistrate remanded the case for the purpose of the prisoner's lodging being searched—the Magistrate called me on one side, and asked me if I had searched it, not loud enough, as I thought, for the prisoner to hear—the prisoner said, "Don't let my sister go up into my bed-room"—there were some medicine bottles there.





WILLIAM HENRY POLLARD
. I am one of the clerks to Mr. Hobler, the attorney for the prosecution. On 18th Sept., during the last Sessions, I served on the prisoner in Newgate a notice, and on 22nd Oct., during this Sessions, I served him with another, a copy of the former—this is a copy (produced).

Cross-examined. Q. Did you serve the notice last Session personally? A. Yes; but the one this Session I gave to the turnkey at the door. (These being read, were notices to produce upon the trial a check for 20l., dated 30th July, 1850, and all other documents in his possession relating to the case.
MR. PARRY
submitted that the notices were bad; the first, as it did not call on the prisoner to produce anything at the present Session, and the second because not served personally on him, but left at the gaol, while he was a prisoner, and therefore unable to take any steps towards its production; further he urged that secondary evidence could not be given of the contents of the check, it not being clearly traced to his possession, which it ought to be before he could be expected to obey a notice to produce it.
MR. JUSTICE ERLE
was of opinion that the objections must fail; the evidence supported the fact, that in the regular course of business the check would come into the prisoner's possession; and the notice served on the prisoner in gaol, entitled the prosecutor, in the absence of the document, to give secondary evidence of its contents; for although the prisoner was not a free agent, he had the means of communicating with his legal adviser, and through him, obtaining it; a notice was as binding upon a prisoner as it would be if served on a party bed-ridden or incapable of moving.

) MR. CLARKSON
to
MR. KEYSER. Q. What was the signature to the check to the best of your recollection? A, "C. Keyser."

MR. PARRY. Q. And it was paid by you with the belief that it was drawn by Mr. Keyser? A. Yes.




GUILTY
of Uttering. Aged 18.—Strongly recommended to mercy by the Jury and Prosecutor,

—


Transported



for Seven Years.

