



874. 




ROBERT WILSON
 was indicted

 for a robbery, with violence, upon 



Charles Testar, and stealing from his person 1 guard-chain and 1 watch, value 3l. 11s.; his property.


MR. BRIARLY
conducted the prosecution.






CHARLES TESTAR
, I am assistant to my father, a licensed victualler, of the Victory Tavern, Edmond-street, King's-cross. On 20th March about half-past ten o'clock at night, I was coming through Castle-street, the prisoner pounced upon me all of a moment, struck me with one fist under my chin, and with the other hand seized my watch and chain—I fell on the ground on my back from the blow—the watch was in my waistcoat pocket—he drew it out by the chain, which was passed through my buttonhole—I felt it drawn from me—my hat was knocked oft, and my stick knocked out of my band—I got up, left them behind me, and ran after the prisoner; I never lost sight of him—there was no one else in the street—I followed him closely—be turned a corner, but I was close to him—I pursued him to the corner of St. Martin's-lane—a young man there came up in front of him and collared him—he said, "For God's sake let me go—I gave him in custody to a policeman.

Cross-examined by
MR. M. PRENDEROAST. Q. Where had you been this day? A. To the City; I was not drunk—I bad had nothing to drink for three or four hours before this happened—I had dined about two o'clock—I might have had a glass of porter for my dinner—I had been to the City on business, to Mr. Mowatt's, the wine-merchant, in Creed-lane—I had two or three glasses of pale ale with him—I had dined at home—I had no tea—I forget whether it was a dark night—it was muddy, for the coat I had on was covered with mud—I had never seen the prisoner before, to my knowledge—I only observed him at the moment he came upon me—I imagine he came out of the court by Combe and Delafield's brewery—the brewery is about sixty yards from the corner—I swear I did not lose sight of him till he was taken—there was not a soul in the street besides him—a crowd came up directly the policeman took him—I do not know when I last saw my watch, but I felt it dragged from my pocket—I have not seen it since.

MR. BRIARLY. Q. Was the blow you received a pretty smart one? A. So smart that it knocked me on my back in a moment; it did not confuse me, because I was up directly, and ran after the prisoner, leaving my hat, which I lost as well as my watch.





JOHN FRANCIS BARTON
. I am an iron-plate worker. On Thursday night, 20th March, a little after eleven o'clock, I was at the corner of St. Martin's-lane, with my wife and her sister—I heard a cry of "Stop thief!"—I saw the prisoner turn the corner, and the prosecutor behind him—I looked round, and saw him come across the road—I immediately darted out—he said, "For God's sake, don't stop me; let me go"—I caught hold of him, and in the struggle we both fell—I did not let him go—when he got up he said, "What business have you with me?"—I said "We will talk about that when the policeman comes up"—the prosecutor was behind me—I directly hallooed out, "Police!"—a policeman came up from the Seven Dials, and the prosecutor gave him in charge—the prosecutor's clothes were dirty all over the back when he came up.

Cross-examined. Q. Were there many persons in the street? A. A

few came up after I had taken him; they came from Tower-street, hearing the cry of "Stop thief" and "Police!"—I live at 18, Foley-street.





ROBERT KEEBLE
 (policeman, F 89). On Thursday night, 20th March, a little after eleven o'clock, I was in Seven Dials, and heard a cry of "Police!"—I went down to St. Martin's-lane—I saw a mob of persons, and the prosecutor gave the prisoner in charge, for robbing him of hit witch—the prisoner said that I ought to take him, meaning Barton, into custody, for he was as bad as him—I took him to the station—the prosecutor's back was covered with mud, and he was without his hat—I believe he had been drinking, but he was quite aware of what he was doing, and capable of taking care of himself—people are generally confused after being knocked down—what I saw about him might arise from the blow, and not from drink.

Cross-examined. Q. When you came first on these persons, how were they? A. Barton had the prisoner in his custody; neither of them were on the ground—there were several women there, I believe, and men also; I should think eighteen or twenty—most of them were convicted thieves.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

