



457. 




MARK BENJAMIN
 was indicted (with three others not in custody) 

for stealing 1 watch, 1 key, and 1 watch-guard, value 1l. 10s. 8d.; the goods of 




Samuel John Rathbone.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL JOHN RATHBONE
. I am a leather-finisher, and live at 3, White's Ground, Westminster. Last Sunday morning, about half-past twelve, I was in Petticoat-lane—I had a silver watch in my right-hand waistcoat pocket, with a silk guard attached to it, which went through a button-hole and round my neck—I was surrounded by three or four men, and afterwards I felt my guard come tight round my neck—I put my hand to my pocket and found my watch was gone—I turned and saw the prisoner with a part of ray watchguard in his hand—I went and drew the guard out of his hand, and asked him what he had done with my watch—he turned round and said, "Do you hear this chap accusing me of stealing his watch?"—I saw the officer, told him, and gave the prisoner into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. You observed no one till you felt the pull? A. No; there were about five persons near me—I bad come through a crowd—part of the guard was left round my neck.





GEORGE COOK
. I am a carver and gilder, of Collingwood-street, Bethnalgreen. I was in Petticoat-lane—there were a good many people there—I saw the prisoner come down the lane, with a waistcoat on his arm, in a very great hurry—he crossed over and joined three other persons—they then met the prosecutor, one in front, two behind, and the prisoner on one side of him—I saw the prisoner's arm in a particular kind of way, as if he was about to take the watch, but I cannot swear he did take it—I saw his hand working,

and then he drew it out and passed a watch to a man behind—I saw the back of it—the man who had it, escaped with the two others down a turning—I said to the prosecutor, "There goes the man that has got your watch"—he said, "Never mind; I will keep this one I have got," and he kept him till the policeman came.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the lane very full? A. Not very; there were plenty of people standing about—the prisoner crossed over, and met the other three; they came the same way as the prosecutor—there must have been a dozen people there—I was in the middle of the road, about half-a-dozen yards from where it occurred—these three men did not join the dozen people after the prisoner came—one or two of them might have got among them—I beard the people say the man who stole the watch had gone on.





JOHN RACKHAM
. I am a coach-trimmer, of Morgan-street, Commercial-lane. Last Sunday, between twelve and one o'clock, I was in Petticoat-lane, and saw a rush of four or five persons coming along, the prisoner was one of them—I saw the prosecutor hustled by four or five, and the prisoner was very active among them—I afterwards saw a silver watch in his hand, and then lost sight of it—the prosecutor turned round and collared him—I afterwards saw part of a silk guard in his hand—the prosecutor took it from him, and kept hold of him till the police came.

Cross-examined. Q. You were not before the Magistrate? A. No; I first made this statement at the City Solicitor's Office; the policeman took me there—I went to the station, and told them that I saw it—I was standing at the corner of a street, not a yard from where it happened.





JOHN KING
. I am a stay-lace maker, and live in Bunhill-row. I was in Petticoat-lane, and saw a rush of five or six people; the prisoner was one of them—I saw him rush against the prosecutor, and he said, "I have lost my watch," and caught hold of the prisoner—I had seen him pass his hand behind him with something in it, which looked like silver—the person to whom he passed his hand ran away—I saw the prosecutor take something from the prisoner's hand like part of a watch-guard.





GEORGE ELLIOTT
 (City-policeman, 12). I was called, and found the prisoner in Rathbone's custody; he was handed over to me—I received this part of a watch-guard (produced) from the prosecutor.





SAMUEL JOHN RATHBONE

re-examined. This part of the guard I had on—I took it from the prisoner, and gave it to Elliott.
(Jonathan Martin, a carpenter, and Joseph Benjamin, a traveller, of 7, East-street, Finsbury, the prisoner's brother, gave him a good character; but Michael Deedy, City-police-sergeant, No. 56, and——Gifford, a detective officer, stated that he was the constant associate of convicted thieves.)




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.

