




1522. 




JOSEPH WIDDOWS



, robbery with violence, on 



William Murray, and stealing from his person, 1s. 3d.; his moneys.


MR. O'BRIBN
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM MURRAY
. I live at 8, Acorn-court, Whitechapel. I am a porter, but have lost my employ through being in the hospital—I was at the time this occurred working for a gentleman in Paternoster—row, for 2s. a day—on 24th June, about 2 o'clock in the morning, I was in Wentworth—street, on my way home—I was sober—I saw two women standing at the corner of Angel—alley—they said to me, "My dear, where are you going?"—I said I was going home—I saw the prisoner and three others on the opposite side—they stood for a moment till the woman said to me, "Go and b—r yourself—and the prisoner immediately walked over, and said, "What are you doing with my wife?"—I had not time to open my mouth before he knocked me down on the pavement—there was another with the prisoner—the prisoner said, "Kick his b—y guts out, and then he cannot tell who hurt him"—I sung out for mercy, and for my life, and I received a dreadful kick in my chest, and the blood rushed out at my nose and eyes—there was the prisoner and another man in a sleeve waistcoat, standing over me—I begged for my life, and I found a band in my left—hand waistcoat pocket, where I had one shilling and three penny—pieces—when I recovered myself I had not a farthing of it left—I heard a person sing out, "Here comes the police!"—the prisoner then ran one road, and the others all ran in different directions—I got up as well as I could, in a gore of blood, and sung out, "Murder! stop thief! police!"—I followed the prisoner, and never lost sight of him from the moment he knocked me down—next morning the officer came to my residence, and took me before the Magistrate, and I was sent to the hospital, where I remained eight days—the kick that I received in my loins was the worst, but I received above half a dozen kicks—I was kicked all over.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. Were you going home? A. Yes; there were three other men with the prisoner—I could not tell their ages—I had not an opportunity of seeing them—the next morning the other parties said the prisoner was very drunk, or he would not have done it—I was so flurried I could not see whether they were drunk—I cannot tell whose hand was in my pocket—the prisoner and another were stooping over me—I had nothing more about me but the 1s. 3d.—I should think this was not going on more than ten minutes—I was kicked five or six times by two that got away, and by the prisoner—when the prisoner and another stood over me, the others were standing by the side of the women—it was a woman's voice that said, "Here comes the police. "





SAMUEL DAMARELL
 (policeman, H 140). On the morning of 24th June, I saw the prisoner running in George—yard, and the prosecutor close after him—I stopped the prisoner, and the prosecutor gave him in charge—he struggled very much to get away—the prosecutor was sober, and he was bleeding from the nose, mouth, and ears—I believe the prisoner had been drinking, but he was not to say drunk—he did not say anything—he had got from 100 to 150 yards from the place, where this happened—I went to the place afterwards—there was no one there—I examined the place—there appeared to be marks of a struggle.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you find anything on the prisoner? A. Yes; four halfpence and a comb.




GUILTY
. † Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years
.
