




769. 




SAMUEL WELLS
 and 




JOHN WILLIAMS



, feloniously uttering a forged note of the Bank pf England, with intent to defraud.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BAYLEY
conducted the Prosecution.






ANN BEASLEY
. My husband keeps a draper's shop in Rotherhithe. On Thursday afternoon, 28th June, the prisoner Williams came in and asked to see some socks—I showed him some at 10 1/2 d. a pair—he selected two pairs—he had on a shepherd's plaid coat, with a selvedge at the bottom of it, made quite loose, and, to the best of my knowledge, a light cap, and a pair of light trowsers—I also served him with some braces and a shirt; they came to 7s. 9d.—he gave me a 5l. Bank of England note—I gave it to my niece, Sarah Banbury, to get it changed, and she went out with it—just at that time the prisoner, Wells, came in and asked to look at some socks—I do not know whether my niece had passed the threshold of the door or not—he saw Williams, but did not speak to him, and I did not observe that he took any notice of him—I served him with one pair of socks, which came to 10 1/2 d.—he said, "Have you any at 8 1/2 d.?" I said, "I believe I have in coloured ones"—I turned to take out another packet, and he threw some money down on the counter, and went out saying something, which I supposed was that he was going to get the other halfpence—he came back in four or five minutes and said, "Have you found them?" I said, "No, not at 8 1/2 d. "—he said, "Well, I have only 10d." and he counted his money—I said, "Never mind, leave the halfpenny till you are in again"—I then gave him the socks, and he left the shop—before he left he turned round and asked me if we had any parties staying in our house by some name which I do not recollect, shipping goods on board the William—I said, "No, I have not," and he left—my niece came in with the change, and I believe she met Wells at the door—she gave me five sovereigns—I gave Williams four sovereigns, 12s. in silver, and 3d. in copper, and he left.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Were you examined before the Magistrate? A. No.

Williams. Q. How do you know that is the note I gave to you? A. I cannot swear that that is the note—I did not mark it.






SARAH BANBURY
. I am niece to Mr. Beasley. On Thursday, 28th June, between 3 and 4 o'clock in the afternoon, Williams came to the shop, asked for some goods, and tendered a 5l-note, and Mrs. Beasley gave me the note to go and get change—I got it changed at Mr. Booth's, the Royal Oak—I returned with five sovereigns—at the time I went out to get change, the prisoner, Wells, was coming in; that might be four or five minutes after Williams had come in—on returning with the change, T passed it to my aunt on the counter—Wells and Williams were both in the shop at that time—I saw my aunt hand the change to Williams—whilst she was counting it Wells came in a second time—he had left the shop as I was coming back with the change—I heard him ask my aunt if we had any one staying there, shipping goods on board the William; she said "No"—I could not swear to the note, because I did not mark it.





EMILY DYER
 I am a niece of Mr. Booth, who keeps the Royal Oak, Botherhithe. On 28th June, Banbury came for change for a 5l.-note—I took the note, and placed it in the cash box up stairs—there was no other note there.





WILLIAM BOOTH
. I keep the Royal Oak, at Rotherhithe—between 6 and 7 o'clock on the evening of 28th June, I went up stairs to my bed room, where the cash box was kept, and took from it a 5l. Bank of England note—there was no other in the box, and I had no other in my possession—I paid it to Mr. Bishop, a collector of Messrs. Statfield's, that evening—I saw him write my name on it—this (produced) is the note—here is Mr. Bishop's writing—no one but me had access to the cash box that afternoon.

Williams. Q. Could nobody go to the cash box that day besides you? A. My niece took the note there, and got the money while I was absent—I do not think any one could change the note, for no one had the key of the cash box but Mrs. Booth and myself—there was only one key, and that my niece had between 3 and 4 o'clock.





PHILIP REYNOLDS BISHOP
. I am collector to Messrs. Statfield. On the evening of 28th June, I called on Mr. Booth, and received from him a 5l. note—I wrote across it in bis presence—this is the note—I paid it away next morning.





JOSEPH BUMSTEAD
. I am an inspector of notes to the Bank of England—this note is counterfeit in every particular.





THOMAS SIBERRY
. I am a grocer, and live at No. 23, Cannon-street-road, St. George's-in-the-East On Saturday, 2nd June, between 8 and 9 o'clock in the evening, the prisoner Williams came to my shop—he was dressed as a sailor—he asked for a pound of tea; I served him—he then asked for half a pound and of tea, and then for two pounds of coffee, and twelve pounds of sugar—it came to 12s.; he tendered me a 5l. note—I took it up and looked at it—the name of Mr. John Adams, Mincing-lane, was on it—this (looking at it) is the note—I asked him who Mr. John Adams was; he said a broker in Mincing-lane—I asked him his name; he said John Davis—I said, "What ship?" he said the American ship, Eagle. London Dock, and he had been paid his wages that afternoon by the broker of Mincing-lane—upon that I wrote on the note, "John Davis, American ship, Eagle. June 2nd, 1855"—I find that upon this note—I put the note into the till, and gave him the change; four sovereigns and 8s.—before he went out, he walked round to the far end of the shop, and saw some bacon on the counter; he took up a piece of about seven or eight pounds, and said, "This is a nice piece of bacon; I think my mates will enjoy this," and told me to weigh it—I weighed it for him, and he paid me for it—he tied the things

up in a handkerchief all together, and went away with them—whilst I was serving him with the grocery, I saw another man standing outside the door, leaning against the doorpost; he was dressed as a sailor, in a blue jacket and blue cap—I should not know that man again—when Williams went out, he and that man went off together.





JAMES BLANCHARD
. I am manager at Mr. Chipchase's shoe establishment at Poplar. On the afternoon of 7th June, Williams came to the shop about 4 or 5 o'clock, dressed as a sailor—ho said he wanted a pair of boots—I served him with a pair—they came to 16s.—he paid for them with a 5l. Bank of England note—I gave him the change, and put the note in the till—before doing so, I asked him to write his name upon it; he said he could not write, and I wrote his name for him on the note—he gave the name of John Williams—I asked him what ship he belonged to; he told me the barque, Tomlins. West India dock—this is the note (produced)—when the note was returned, I went to the dock to inquire for such a ship, but there was no such ship there—about a fortnight afterwards I went to Worship-street, and there saw Williams—I knew him again.





HENRY SHAW
. I am a shoemaker, of No. 266 High-street, Poplar. On Saturday afternoon, 9th June, between 4 and 5 o'clock, Williams came in for a pair of boots; I fitted him with a pair, which came to 12s.—he tendered me a 5l. note—he took it from a pocket book which he took out of his side coat pocket—he appeared to take the note from among other papers—I offered him a pen, and asked him to write his name and address upon it—he said he could not do so; I said I would do so for him—he gave the name of John Adams—I asked where he resided; he said he lived on board the ship Hurricane—he spoke in a very muttered manner, I could scarcely understand him; and I said, "How do you spell it, give it me a letter at a time"—he commenced with a few letters; I said, "That won't do, that won't spell Hurricane. what do you mean by Hurricane?"—he said, "A storm, boisterous, wind blowing"—I said, "Oh, you mean Hurricane;" and I then wrote in his presence on the back of the note, "J. Adams, ship Hurricane. 9, 6, 55," and my name underneath—this is the note (produced)—he took up the change—I had some further conversation with him; and whilst I was conversing with him, I saw the prisoner, Wells, looking at us through the window, and at the door—I paid the note into Masterman's on the 13th, and on the 14th it was returned to me marked "forged"—I immediately went to the Sailors' Home, to make inquiries about the ship Hurricane; I could find no such ship, nor any person named John Adams, on board any ship—about three weeks afterwards, I went to the Worship-street Police Court; I saw Williams there, and knew him again—I also saw Wells there—I selected them both out from a number of others in the cell.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Are you quite sure about Wells? A. Quite sure—I had never seen him before; I have not the least doubt about him.





DONALD M PHERSON
. I am a linen draper, at Albany-place, Commercial-road East. On 13th June, about 8 o'clock in the evening, Williams came to my shop, and asked for some common flannel shirts—I showed him some—he selected two at 5s. the two, and paid for them with a 5l. Bank of England note—he took out a roll of notes from a handsome purse, took this one from the roll, and gave it to me—I looked at it and said to him, "I suppose, you being a sailor, have no particular address?" he said, "No, except the ship"—I said, "What is that?"—he said, "The ship Mary. London Docks"—I asked his name; he said, "John Williams"—I wrote that name and address on the back of the note with a pencil, as it was handy at the

time, and I was rather busy—this is the note (produced)—I gave the prisoner change, and he went away—I inquired at the London Docks for the ship Mary. and could not find it—I afterwards saw Williams at the police court, and knew him, but he was very much disguised from what he was when he was at my shop.





WILLIAM CHESWORTH CALDWELL
. I am a tailor, of No. 2, Nassau-place, Commercial-road. On Saturday, 30th June, about 8 o'clock in the evening, Williams came to my shop, dressed as a respectable common sailor—he asked to look at some common white shirts; my wife served him with two shirt and a silk handkerchief, they came to 9s.; he paid me by a supposed to be 5l. Bank of England note—he placed it on the counter, and asked for change—I examined it, and requested my wife to get it changed—she took it away for that purpose, and returned in about five minutes, with the note and five sovereigns—I requested Williams to put his name upon the note, be said he could not write—my wife had the pen close to her, and wrote his name on it, John Williams, and said, "What ship my man?"—he said, "The Autumnus. not a ship, a barque"—my wife wrote that down in my presence—this is the note (produced)—I gave him 4l. 11s. in change, and he left—the note was returned to me as forged on 2nd July—I saw Williams again on 5th July, at Worship-street, and knew him, but he was very much disguised—when he came to me he had a pair of large whiskers, a blue Guernsey shirt, a pair of blue trowsers, and a cap; at Worship-street, he had on a hat, a coat, and a pair of black trowsers; he was there in a large room with a quantity of other persons, and the other prisoner—the policeman asked me if I saw any one there that I had seen before, and I said, "Yes, that man there"—he said, "Which of them?"—I said, "The little one," and pointed him out.

Williams. Q. Do you swear that is the note I gave you? A. Yes; I am quite certain it is the note I gave to my wife to get change.





MARTHA CALDWELL
. I am the wife of the last witness. On Saturday, 30th June, I remember Williams coming to buy some goods; I was up stain at the time—my husband rang the bell for me to come down and serve him with two shirts—I asked him at what price he wanted them, he said 2s. 6d.—I said, "I have none at 2s. 6d. I have at 2s. 9d. "—he said, "That will do, as I only wear shirts on a Sunday," and he took a handkerchief at 3s. 6d.—I took the note to Mr. Fraser for change, and brought it back to get it marked—he said he could not write his name, and I wrote down what he said—this is my writing, "John Williams, Autumnus"—I said, "Ship?" to him, and he said, "No, barque"—I said, "Will you spell the name, because I cannot understand it?"—he said, "I can't spell"—this is the note—I never let it out of my hand from the time I received it till I wrote the name upon it.





CHRISTOPHER HARRIS
, Jun. I am shopman to Mr. Martin, of No. 210, Whitechapel-road. On 4th July, shortly after 8 o'clock in the morning, Williams came to the shop dressed as a sailor, and wanted some silk pocket handkerchiefs—I served him with four, they came to 10s. 6d.—he paid for them with a 5l. Bank of England note, I handed it to my father, he handed me back the same note, and I took it up to the counting house to get it cashed—Mr. Martin cashed it, and I came down and gave Williams the change after getting change for a sovereign at the desk, and he left—before he had left the shop, the prisoner Wells came in, and wanted some socks—they did not appear to be acquainted—Wells saw Williams but did not speak to him—after serving him, he left the shop.


Cross-examined by
MR. PAKRY. Q. How long did Wells remain in the shop after Williams left? A. About two minutes, it might hare been five minutes.





CHRISTOPHER HARRIS
, Sen. I am also employed in Mr. Martin's shop. I saw Williams come in on the morning of 4th July, and ask for some pocket handkerchiefs—while he was getting them Wells came in, and asked for a pair of socks—Williams produced a 5l. note, which my son handed to me—I said, "The water mark is rather fanciful; I suppose it is a good one"—Williams made no remark to that—I handed it to my son to get change—I asked Williams if he was just come home—he said, "Yes," from some part of America—I do not recollect where, and he was shortly going out again.

Williams. Q. Did I not tell you I had come from India? A. No; from America—I do not know that this is the note you gave me, I merely handed it to my son.





EDWARD MARTIN
. I am cashier at my brother's establishment. On 4th July, about 9 o'clock in the morning, young Harris brought a 5l. note to me in the counting house—I gave him five sovereigns for it; I had taken no other 5l. note that morning—I was then making up a parcel of money to send to the Whitechapel Branch of the London and Westminster Bank, and I put the note among it and gave it to Frederick Smith.





FREDERICK SMITH
. I am shopman and apprentice to Mr. Martin. On the morning of 4th July, I received from Mr. Martin a bag which I took to the Whitechapel Branch of the London and Westminster Bank, and gave to Mr. Gill.





THOMAS TOMLINSON GILL·
 I am cashier in the Whitechapel Branch of the London and Westminster Bank. On the morning of 4th July, I received a parcel from Smith, from Mr. Martin, of Whitechapel—I have the particulars of the credit, which I have extracted from the books—the amount of it was 82l. it consisted of a 5l. note No. 59,608, dated 11th Jan.—there was no other 5l. note, the rest was a 10l. note and gold and silver—this note precisely corresponds with the entry I made, it is No. 59,608—I feel quite sure it is the same.





JAMES JAMES
. I am assistant to Messrs. Dennis, grocers, in Church-street, Hackney. About 8 o'clock on Wednesday evening, 4th July last, Williams came to the shop—he first asked for a pound of tea, I served him with it—he then asked for a pound of coffee, and afterwards for four pounds of loaf sugar, the goods amounted to 7s. 6d.—he offered me a supposed to be 5l. Bank of England note—he took it out of a pocket book, I did not notice where he took the pocket book from—during the time I was serving him, there being nobody else in the shop, I had a little conversation with him—he described himself as an Australian gold digger, and was telling me about his being rather fortunate in one place, and unfortunate in another—I dare say he kept me serving him pretty well a quarter of an hour—he did not talk much about Australia—he said he did not like the country much, there was a very rough lot about—he said, "I made a good deal of money, but not so much as I might have done"—this was while I was serving him, and then he produced the note—I examined it by the feel of the paper, and did not like it—I then examined it. and found the signature of H. Back to it—there had been a letter in the Times a few days before about notes with that signature, and I tried to recollect myself, and went up stairs to Mr. William Dennis—I asked him what the name was that had been advertised—I did not show him the note,

I had it in my hand, but he did not look at it—I merely said, "Here is one of the forged notes"—I then returned into the shop, and found Wells standing by the side of Williams—he had come into the shop just at the time I was going in doors to speak to Mr. Dennis, and just as he entered the door he called out for a pound of pic nics. and said, "I am in a hurry"—we have some biscuits called pic nics—when I returned into the shop I found him standing by the side of Williams—I walked in front of the counter, and asked Williams if he knew what he had given me—Wells was close enough to near what I said—Williams replied, "Yes, a 5l. note"—I said it is not a 5l. note; in fact, it is not a note at all"—I then walked behind the counter, and laid the note flat on the counter, thinking him to be an innocent looking man by his face, to show him the signature of H. Back, and I said, "This is not the signature of the note, because it is J. Ferraby"—Williams looked at the signature, and just at the time Wells looked over his shoulder at the note—I was not holding the note very firmly, and he put his hand over, took hold of it, and held it up to the light—he said, "Oh, this is right enough; this is one of the last issue; I have got plenty of them, I will change it!" and he put his hand into his pocket, and drew out a handful of gold and silver—he took five sovereigns out, and laid them on the counter—he had the note in his hand—he scrambled it up very carelessly, and put it into his trowsers pocket—I pushed four of the sovereigns towards Williams, and took one myself, examined it, and put it in the detector, and then into the till—I gave Williams the change, keeping the 7s. 6d. for the goods he had had—Williams tied up the goods in a silk pocket handkerchief, and walked out—as soon as he went out I took a bag and weighed Wells his pound of pic nice—he gave me a half crown, and I took 8d—as I was weighing them, I called out to the lad Steed to get ready to go out immediately, as I suspected they were regular smashers—just as Wells went outside the door, I went to the lad, pulled off his apron, pointed out Wells to him, and sent him oat to watch him until I could go myself—just as I was going outside the door, the lad returned—in consequence of what he told me, I went to the corner of Well-street and Mare-street, Hackney, and in a nasty little turning there I dropped upon Wells, Williams, and two others, standing talking to each other—Wells had a parcel of goods in his hand, tied up in a pocket handkerchief—it was about the bulk and appearance of the parcel I had sold to Williams—I believe Williams saw me; he had his face towards me; they immediately parted—Williams came towards me, and Wells went the other way, and the other two parted—I lost sight of them in a moment, there being a lot of labouring men about there, and they appeared as working men themselves—I followed Williams on account of his tendering me the note—I think he observed me to be following him; he walked down Well-street, and passed me—I walked into a grocer's shop to conceal myself, and asked them to allow me to wait there a minute or two—I saw Wells drop the parcel of goods he was carrying, and they were all scattered in the street—that was after I had followed Williams, after Williams had gone down Well-street—I had to run to keep sight of him afterwards, and I saw him turning back, and he saw me turn into the same shop where I first went in—I afterwards saw Wells and Williams together again; that was after I had seen the parcel dropped by Wells; after I came out of the shop again, and was walking after Williams again—Williams was on one side of the road, and Wells was just across the road, where he had dropped his parcel of goods—he picked them up, and went into an unfinished house, I suppose to put his goods to rights again; and by that time Steed, our lad, overtook

me—the goods had the appearance of those I had sold to Williams—I could not say whether the pic nics were with them—I told the lad to keep an eye upon Wells, and I went on after Williams—Wells again overtook me, and passed me, and passed Williams also, and then he commenced walking slowly, and Williams passed him—they might have spoken to each other then, but I was about 200 yards behind, and could not hear—before we came to Cambridge Heath Bridge, both of them went together; they could not see me then; there were a few persons coming home from the City, and I got among them—they joined together—Wells still carried the parcel of goods, and walked on to the bridge, where I met a constable; he and I followed them till we met another constable, a few yards past the Hackney-road-gate, and I gave them in charge.





HENRY STEED
. I am shopboy to Messrs. Dennis. In consequence of an order given to me by James, I followed Wells—James pointed him out to me before he left—I saw him meet Williams as he was passing under the Hackney railway arch, and against St. Thomas's-square, I saw Wells pass some-thing over into Williams's hand—I was not near enough to see what it was—they then separated; they were only together two or three minutes—I came back and told Mr. James—I went out again afterwards, and saw them both at the corner of Well-street, and another one with them—I followed them till we met a constable.





FREDERICK COWAN
 (policeman, N 77). On 4th July, between 8 and 9 o'clock in the evening, I was on duty at Cambridge Heath Bridge, and in consequence of information from James, I followed the two prisoners to Cambridge Heath Gate—I there met All wood, another constable, and I took Wells in charge, and he took Williams—after we had got some little distance I told Wells that he was charged with uttering a forged 5l. note—I asked him what he was doing with Williams—he said, at first, he did not know anything of him; he said he was going to his (Williams's) master to get change for the note—he did not mention the name of Williams's master—I took him to the station, and there the parcel that he had was examined; it contained grocery and pic nic biscuits—these are the things—I searched Wells, and found on him 5l. in gold, 15s. 4d. in silver, and 2d. in copper——I asked him about the note—he said Williams had token the note back, and given him his money—Williams claimed the grocery at the station, and Wells claimed the biscuits—I asked Wells his address, and I believe he said he lived in Church-street, Stepney, but I will not be certain—inquiries were made at the address he gave; I went with Allwood to make them—we went to High-street, Stepney—I believe that was the address he gave; I could find no such person as Wells there.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Did you go to No. 21? A. We did not; there was no No. 21 in the street—I am sure of that—I cannot tell what was the highest number in the street—Allwood had been there the night before—I say there was no No. 21, from what Allwood told me—the street did not appear to be long enough to contain that number of houses—* I saw a person who represented herself to be the wife of Wells—that was in a turning by the side of Stepney Church—J do not know the name; it is not High-street, it turns out of High-street—I did not break open the door of the room where she was, I knocked at the door and was let in—she had not just been confined—I do not know that she was on the verge of it—I was not told so by her mother.





JAMES JAMES

re-examined. These are the parcels of grocery goods that I sold to Williams, and I believe these arc the pic nics I sold to Wells.






THOMAS ALLWOOD
 (policeman, K 422). On the evening of 4th July I apprehended Williams in the Cambridge Heath-road—I told him I wanted him to go to the station house with me—he went—as we were going, he asked what I wanted him for—I said, "You will know when You get to the station house"—I had got him by the cuff of his coat, which was loose—he seemed very restless going along the road; he got his hand into his left hand coat pocket, and pulled out this pocket book—I saw it in his hand—he broke the elastic band, took something out of it, and put his right hand up to his mouth, and dropped the book on my foot—I said, "Is that your game?"—he said, "What?"—I picked up the pocket book, and he said to me, "Oh, you can take me to the station house, I have no forged notes about me; you cannot convict me"—I had not mentioned anything to him about notes, or about the charge—I searched him at the station house, and found 7s. 10d. in silver, and 3d. in coppers upon him—I examined the pocket book, but found nothing.

Williams. Q. Did you pick the pocket book up, or did any one give it to you? A. I stooped down and picked it up—a boy did not give it to me—I cannot positively say whether you have got on the same dress now that you had then, the coat looks very much like it; it was a kind of shooting coat, with pockets outside.





JOSEPH BUMSTEAD

re-examined. I have looked at all the seven notes produced—they are all forgeries, and all from the same plate.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Is the signature of H. Back to these notes a right signature; supposing they were genuine notes might they have that signature? A. Yes; there is a cashier of that name—there has been a new issue of notes of that kind, with his name.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you mean in this year? A. Yes; I am quite sure of that, of 5l. notes.

MR. PARRY. Q. You are quite sure that H. Back has signed Bank notes of this year? A. Yes; not of the new issue—there is such a person as H. Back, who has signed Bank note—I am not quite sure whether his signature might appear to these notes if genuine—I rather* think it might, but I am not positive—by the new issue I mean a note that was brought out a short time back.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. When was the new issue? A. About two years or eighteen months back; there was a new issue on 1st Jan. last—Mr. Back might not have signed those—he had not authority to do so—the course has been entirely changed since 1st Jan. 1855—before that Mr. Back and other cashiers signed 5l. notes—since that period Mr. Back has not signed any 5l. notes—I know that, and say so positively.
(The prisoner, Williams, in a long defence, stated, that he arrived in England on 13th May last, in the William Brown, from Sidney; that he brought with him a quantity of gold and money; that with several shipmates he went to board with a man in Wellclose-square, who introduced him to a person to dispose of his gold; that he sold to that person fifty ounces and a half of gold at 3l. 17s. 6dan ounce, and received from him twenty-four 5lnotes, three 10lnotes, and 52 sovereigns; that he soon spent the sovereign, and then proceeded to spend the notes, purchasing such things as were useful on board ship; he stated that Wells was a perfect stranger to him until he came into the shop of Messrs. Dennis, on 4th July, when he cashed the note for him; that on leaving the shop he followed him, and asked his address; to which he replied, that being a sailor he had no address; that Wells then wished him to change the note again, which he, could not do unless he also took the goods



he had; that he did so, and on receiving the note back from him, he tore it up, and threw it away.)

WELLS—


GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Twenty Years.


WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
.
(Williams was further charged with having been before convicted.)





JOHN YOUNG
. I am a turnkey at Warwick jail. I produce a certificate (This certified the conviction of 


John Twitty, at the Quarter Sessions, Birmingham, on 21st Oct., of housebreaking, after previous conviction, and that he was sentenced to fifteen years' transportation)—I was present at that trial—the prisoner, Williams, is the person to whom this certificate refers.

WILLIAMS—
GUILTY. Aged 44.—


Transported for Twenty Years
.
