



1396. 




SAMUEL BARTLETT
 was again indicted

 for a like offence.


MESSRS. BALLANTINE
and
ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES HENRY HOBSON
. I am a wine-merchant, of 42, Crutched-friars. I have two partners—we have wines in the London Docks—the prisoner came in July, before the 17th, to the best of my belief, and said he wanted from fifteen to twenty pipes of wine—I asked him what for—he said for Australia,. and gave me this card—I signed three tasting orders, and gave him—I have not seen the genuine order I gave him since (a notice to produce it was here proved)—this order is not my writing—this word "taste" is altered into "sample," but that is unnecessary, it might have been "taste and sample."

Cross-examined by
MR. HUDDLESTONE. Q. Who else signs orders in your establishment? A. My agent—he is not here—he does not sign my name but his own.





THOMAS MAY
. I am a porter. On 17th July, the prisoner gave me this paper (produced) in Lower Thames-street, and directed me to go to the docks, get some samples, and bring them to him at Mr. Brown's, Dark house-lane——I passed the order, and got seventeen samples, took them to the prisoner, and he directed Mr. Brown to pay me 18d.—I left the order at the docks—I delivered no other order for seventeen samples about that time—this was the only order I presented that day.





JOHN HOPTON
. I am a dock clerk. This order was presented to me, to the best of my belief, by May—my mark is on it.

Cross-examined. Q. How many do you get in a day? A. Thirty or forty—the cooper will not act upon it without my mark.





DAVID CONNELL
. I am a cooper, in the London Docks I delivered seventeen samples to May upon this order on 17th July.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you get the order from May? A. The clerk of the vault gave it me—he is not here—I executed a great many sampling: orders that day—if the clerk passes them I give the samples, and make an entry in this book(produced)of the name of the party who signs the order.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you draw any other samples, on an order of Hobson's that day? A. No; May was present when I drew these.




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Seven Years, on the first indictment.

(John Clements, a constable of the Docks, stated that he had traced a number of these forged orders to the prisoner.)
