



1331. 




CHARLES RATTY



, feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Margaret Birch, and stealing 1 spoon, value 5s.; the goods of



Matilda Allen: 2 coats and 1 waistcoat, value 15s.; the goods of 



James Wood-ward: and 3 spoons, 4 thimbles, and other articles, value 5l. 6s.; the goods of Margaret Birch.



MR. HORRY
conducted the Prosecution.






LYDIA WILLIS
. I am in the service of Mrs. Margaret Birch, a widow, of 9, Northern-terrace, Notting-hill. On the night of 19th June, I went to bed about eleven o'clock—I had a friend with me—the garden door was quite fast—the window was a little open, to let in the air; it was secured outside by iron bars—next morning I came down just as the clock had gone eight—I found the drawing-room door open, the dining-room door open, and the garden-door open, the front-door was closed to—I went back to call Mrs. Allen—I examined the back window, it had been partly down—they had shoved it half-way down—the bars were wrenched down, one of them was quite off—I missed from the kitchen four teaspoons, one was Mrs. Allen's, which she brought with her, and three my mistress's—I missed a time-piece from the dining-room, and two coats belonging to James Woodward, one from the kitchen, and one from the passage—these are my mistress's tea-spoons, and this thimble is hers; it was in the work-box, I know—I recollect this snuff-box being in the drawing-room, but I did not miss it at the time.





JAMES WOODWARD
. I am in the service of Mrs. Birch. I was in the country on 19th June—on the 20th I heard of this, and came to town—I missed this snuff-box from the drawing-room, it was my late masters, the Rev. Dr. Birch's—I know this shield perfectly well, I have cleaned it, and this strainer I know, they are my mistress's—I can swear to these three tea-spoons as hers—I missed two coats and a waistcoat, and the time-piece.





THOMAS HAZLEDINE
 (policeman, 104 D). On the morning of 20th June, I saw the prisoner in Chapel-street, Edgware-road, at half-past eleven o'clock—I watched him—he went into a pawnbroker's shop—I went in after him—he put down these four spoons, this snuff-box, this thimble, and two he dropped from bis pocket, and I found the other on him—I asked him where he got them—he said a young man gave them to him, he did not know his name—I found on him this shield—he said he had had it some considerable time—when the charge was read to him, he said he did not see why he should suffer for others; a man of the name of Joss, and a man of the name of Guy, gave him the property—I went to the prosecutrix's house; I found this bar had been wrenched away from the window so as to admit an entrance—there would not have been an entrance without doing so.





THOMAS BURKE
 (policeman, 269 T). On the morning of 20th June, at half-past one o'clock, I saw the prisoner in Princes-road, which is behind Northern-terrace—the gardens of the houses in Northern-terrace come down to Princes-road—it was light—I am sure it was the prisoner—I saw him afterwards in the cell.





EDWARD SCOTNEY
 (police-sergeant, 21 T). On the morning of 20th June, about half-past one o'clock, I met Burke in Princes-road; just afterwards I saw the prisoner—I have not the least doubt about the prisoner being the man—the prosecutrix's house is in the parish of St. Mary Abbott's, Kensington.

Prisoner. Neither of these officers knew me till Hazledine told them who it was. Witness. No, he did not—the constable pointed out the prisoner.





THOMAS HAZLEDINE
 (re-examined). I did not point him out—the witnesspointed to him and said, "If that is the man, I saw him at the back of the premises."

Prisoner's Defence. I was six miles from the place when the robbery was

done; a man came and asked me if I wanted a few shillings to go and sell these things; he said he found them; I did not get out till half-past ten o'clock in the morning, if you would take my father and mother's word.

MR. RATTY. I am the prisoner's father. I cannot give any account of him on the night of 19th June, I was not at home.

MR. RATTY. I am his mother. I know he was in bed on the night of 19th June—I saw him lying in bed that morning, it happened on Thursday morning—he sleeps in the room with us—I got up between five and six o'clock—I left his father and sister at home with him—I do not think he went out in the night.

MR. HORRY. Q. What does he do for his living? A. He works on the railroad, or holding a horse, or anything he can get—I cannot be with him to know what he does.




GUILTY
.† Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

