



511. 




THEOPHILUS SMITH



, unlawfully obtaining goods by false pretences.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.





EDWARD GEORGE WOOD
. I am an optician, of Newgate-street. I have two partners—on 26th Dec. the prisoner came, about seven o'clock in the evening; he wanted some electrical machines; I showed him several; he selected one, the price of which was fifteen guineas; he selected some other articles, to the amount of between 30l. and 40l.; he gave his name as Mr. Winterbottom, 8, Bryanston-square; he ordered them to be sent on Saturday morning, to that address; he then said he wanted some spectacles, and pointed to some in the window—he selected a pair of gold folding spectacles, at 2l. 15s.; I will not say whether he

asked to take them, or whether I asked if he would take them; he did take them—if he had not represented that his name was Winterbottom, and that be lived in Bryanstone-square, I would not have let him take them—he said he had a friend residing with him, who wanted a pair of spectacles, and was unable to come out; and he would be glad if we would send a pair or two for his friend to select from—he desired a separate bill to be sent with them, as his friend would pay for them at once; and he said, "I will send you back a check for the amount of the things I have ordered for myself"—he came again on Friday evening, and said the things were not to be sent on Saturday, as he should not be at home; but they were to be sent on Monday; and he requested. to be shown the spectacles which we had looked out for his friend; they were shown to him, and he said he should like to take them to his friend; there was some little hesitation about it, from his saying at that time Mecklenburg-square; but he immediately corrected himself, and said Bryanstone-square—he was allowed to take them—they were worth three guineas—I went next day to 8, Bryanstone-square, but did not find him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was not the address given, after you gave him the first pair of spectacles? A. No, before—Mr. Bland is a clerk in our house—he was examined before the Magistrate—he was present during part of the time the prisoner was there on the first occasion—I only gave the prisoner one pair of spectacles—that was not before he gave the address—I am not at issue with Mr. Bland about that—I am aware of the discrepancy in the depositions, but it is very easily explained: Mr. Bland went next door to get some other things that the prisoner wanted, and in the interim the prisoner gave his address.





HENRY WILLIAMS
. I am partner with Mr. Pepys, in the Poultry. On 27th Dec. the prisoner came to the shop in the evening and asked for some surgical instruments—he selected about 25l. worth—he gave his address "Mr. Tyrrell, 24, Bryanston-square"—he then said he thought he should like to take some of them with him; a silver cork-screw, a pair of tweezers, and teeth instruments—he said, "Is it necessary to pay for them?"—I said, "No, as we are going to send the other things"—he said he would give a check for the whole—the amount that he took was 3l.—I made inquiry at 24, Bryanston-square, but did not find him—if I had known that that was not his right name, and that he did not live in Bryanstonsquare, I would not have let him had the goods.





WILLIAM RUSSELL BLAND
. I am clerk to Mr. Wood—I was present during part of the time when the prisoner gave the order on 26th Dee.—I was present when he came next evening. On Wednesday evening, 22nd Jan., I went to Mr. Maw's shop in Aldersgate-street—I saw the prisoner there, and heard him give orders for a number of surgical instruments—he gave his address "Mr. Pettigrew, No. 6, Bryanston-square," and ordered them to be sent there—he wanted to take a few things with him—I went into the counting-house and spoke to the assistant, and he declined letting the prisoner have the goods—when the prisoner went out I followed him, and said, "Mr. Winterbottom, I believe"—he said, "No, my name is not Winterbottom, it is Pettigrew; I live at 6, Bryanstonsquare; what is your business with me?"—I told him I lived at Mr. Wood's, and that we had an order for him in the house, and should like to see him on the subject—I have not the slightest doubt that he is

the man who had been there on the day mentioned—he said he had not been there at all—I asked him if he would have any objection to accompany me to Mr. Wood's—he said, "Not the slightest"—I proposed that we should go down Little Britain, which is the nearest way—he said he wanted to go down by Goldsmiths' Hall to speak to his wife, who was in a cab—I said I would go with him—we went, and there was no cab nor wife—he then said he had made a mistake, it must be on further—we went down Gresham-street, and when we came to Wood-street he said he thought it must be there—we went on further, and then he said I had so bewildered him that he did not know where it was—he said he should like to go back to Goldsmiths' Hall—we went there, and there was no cab there—he then said it must be Guildhall—I said, "We will go there"—we went on past the Church—there was a tavern there, and he wanted to go in—I said if he did I would go with him, and I should follow him wherever he went—he went a little way into the tavern and came out again the same way—I then saw a policeman and called him—the prisoner tried to get away, but I laid hold of him and gave him into custody—he said, "For God's sake don't give me into custody; I will go with you to Newgate-street;" and on the way to the station he begged very hard that I would not press the charge against him.





FREDERICK ROBINSON
 (City-policeman, 498). The prisoner was given into my charge—he said he wanted to go to Newgate-street to arrange matters for the sake of his wife and family—I took him to the station, and found on him this case of instruments, 10l. 9s., and several other things—he refused his name and address, and said be should not say anything till he had spoken to his legal adviser—at the Court he gave the name of Theophilus Smith.





GEORGE MARSH
 (police-inspector), I knew the prisoner in March, 1848; by the name of Andrew Green, alias Henry Arnold Green.




GUILTY
. Aged 56.—


Transported for Seven Years
.
