



911. 




JOHN BANBURY



, feloniously wounding 



Grace Banbury, with intent to murder her. 2nd COUNT, with intent to do her grievous bodily harm.


MR. THOMPSON
conducted the Prosecution.






GRACE BANBURY
. I am the prisoner's wife; we have been married about fourteen or fifteen years. Five months ago he turned me out of doors, and I went to live at No. 6, Dove-street, until five weeks ago, when I went to live in Market-street—on Saturday, 22nd July, I was sweeping at the shop door when the prisoner passed; he called me an old b—and a w—and said, "What do you want of me?"—I said, "I want nothing of you, but to keep at a distance"—he then made the best of his way up, and fired a pistol at me—I did not see the pistol before he fired it; the contents hit me—I was shot in the arm and in the gum, and a good deal of blood came—I found the blood gurgling in my throat; I went to spit it out, and I saw the blood streaming on my dress, coming from my arm—I was hit in the arm, because I put up my arm when he fired; I do not know bow I came to do that—I have been under medical treatment ever since—there had been no quarrel between me and my husband that day; I never spoke to him but twice during the time I was absent from home—I had seen him several times on this Saturday—once, when he passed the first time in the morning he looked, at me very bitterly, but did not speak to me—the next time he passed me, he called me a w—and an old b—; (that was not the time he shot me) and he passed me once afterwards—as I came up the market, he ran up against me and knocked my shoulder, but did not knock me down—that was about 11 o'clock—I do not know what o'clock it was when he had the pistol.

Prisoner. She has got a boy twenty-five years of age, that she had by a soldier in Exeter barracks, and that boy is at home along with me; he will not do any work; he will be out all night long, and come in about daylight in the morning, and lay abed all day; and she has got a girl, twenty-two years of age, that she had by her first husband, and this girl is out three or four nights of a week, and has had men in my house; I have called out at 2 or 3 o'clock in the morning to know whether they were going to bed, and the answer has been, "Go to h—, you old b—;" I told her they should go away, I would have no such rigs in my house; she said, "If they go away, I will go too;" and she has left me ever since; her son has knocked me about the head several times, and every time he meets me he knocks me about; her daughter has set a mob of persons at me, and called me all the names she could; this woman has annoyed me every time I have been outside my door, and has been to everybody that I have any dealings with, so that I should not get any employment. Witness. It is quite false what the

prisoner says—I have a boy twenty-five years old; it is not true that he will not work—he has worked for the prisoner at bricklaying, and has only got 6d., 1s., or 18d. a week all last winter—my daughter has not had men in the house and made disturbances—she is here—I can bring those forward who have lived twelve months in the house to say that no man has ever been in my house—the reason my husband turned me out of doors was, because my daughter, who was in place as a laundress, came home to wait on me when I was ill—she lived with me five months—he said to me, "You had better go out of doors while all is well, or else it is certain death for you; I have got other arms besides them, I have got two loaded pistols."

Prisoner. On the Saturday when this happened I had not much to do, and I went about the fields shooting birds, to pass an hour or two; I passed by her door, and she was at the door; she called me all the rogues and vagabonds she could; she had got a large stump brush in her hand, and tried to knock me with it several times; I fired off the pistol at the brush to frighten her, so that she should not knock me with it. Witness. It is quite false—I had a brush sweeping the door, but I did not strike him with it—I did not blackguard him at all.





MARIA BRADLEY
. I am a single woman, and live at No. 5, Richard-street East, Poplar. On Saturday, 22nd July, I was in conversation with the prosecutrix at her own door—I saw the prisoner coming from his own house—he had a pint pot and a pistol—I saw him take the pistol from his waistcoat pocket with one hand, and put it into the other—he called Mrs. Banbury an old b—and an old w——she had not said anything to him before he called her those names—she had a broom in her hand—she did not attempt to strike him with it—besides calling her those names, he asked her what she wanted with him; she said, "Nothing, but go away and mind your own business"—he then fired the pistol and shot her, and she fell—I saw him cock the pistol; the hammer was down on the cock, and he lifted it up—I saw the prosecutrix bleeding in the mouth and in the arm—I did not see the prisoner come out of his own house—he was on the opposite side of the way when I first saw him, a few yards from me—nothing passed between the prosecutrix and prisoner but what I have stated.

Prisoner. Q. Were you not coming out of your house when I went into my house? A. No, I was not—I saw you cock the pistol—you had the pistol in your left hand—the prosecutrix did not hold up the broom and knock you—you had the pint pot in the same hand as the pistol.





RONALD ROBERTSON
. I am a surgeon, of Montague-place, Poplar. I was called in to attend the prosecutrix on Saturday, 22nd July, about 4 or 5 o'clock—she was lying on the bed, bleeding from a wound in the left arm, close to the elbow joint—it was a circular wound, about an inch in depth, and about half an inch in diameter—I think it was principally the wadding that had penetrated—she was likewise bleeding from the mouth; there was a small wound on the left cheek from a single shot—I extracted two small pellets—I do not think there are any shots remaining in the cheek—there are a great many remaining in the arm—both the wounds were calculated to endanger life.





JOSEPH TUCK
 (policeman, K 339). I took the prisoner into custody on Saturday, 22nd July—I told him that he had shot his wife, and I should have to take him to the station—he replied that his wife's son was always ill-using him—he said nothing else—I produce a pistol—I found him concealed behind the bed curtains, with the pistol in his right hand, pointed towards me; it was loaded with powder and shot, and a cap was on it, but

it was not on the cock; the hammer was down on the cock—I examined a door near where this occurrence took place, and I found several shot in the door—I produce several shots which the inspector took from the pistol in my presence, when he unloaded it.

MR. ROBERTSON
re-examined. I have one of the shots that I extracted from the prosecutrix—it is of the same size as these.

Prisoner. I have nothing more to say than I have said.




GUILTY
on 2nd Count.
 Aged 33.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury, on the supposition that he may have received provocation from hit wife's family.—


Transported for Twenty Years.

