



1110. 




THOMAS HOWARD



, feloniously cutting and wounding 



Joseph Foulkes on the forehead, with intent to prevent his lawful apprehension and detainer.—2nd COUNT, with intent to do grievous bodily harm: having been before convicted.


MR. W. J. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN ANDREW ANDREWS
 (policeman, B 210). On 13th May, about a quarter to two o'clock in the morning, I was on duty in Exeter-street, Chelsea, and heard the prisoner in Exeter-buildings swearing very violently, and shouting out—I went and requested him to go in, which he did—he lives there—I then went round my beat; and on coming back in about twenty minutes, I saw him flourishing this hatchet round and round, and knocking the houses with it, threatening any b—y b—r that came in—I went and got the assistance of my brother constable Foulkes, and then advanced towards the prisoner—Foulkes was just behind me—the prisoner came towards me with the hatchet in his hand—I requested him to go in—he said, "Come on, you b—y b—s; I am ready for you," and he struck at me directly, struck my hat, and cut it through, and then it fell on my chest, and cut my great coat completely through—it did not cut my flesh at all—he kept threatening us, and saying, "I will suck your blood, and drain every drop out of you"—I then caught hold of his left wrist, and he fell back on the ground in a sitting position—he got up again with the hatchet in his hand, and struck Foulkes on the forehead—Foulkes then rushed forward, and threw him on his back, took the hatchet from him, and gave it to me—he was then secured, but he was very violent after we took him—he had been drinking, but knew perfectly well what be was about—we took him to the station—he was very violent going along.

Cross-examined by
MR. COCKLE. Q. And very drunk? A. No, not very drunk—he had been drinking, but knew what he was about—he was not swinging the hatchet about at the time I was struck—he came forward with it very steady in his hand.





JOSEPH FOULKES
 (policeman, B 203). On 13th May, a little after two o'clock in the morning, I was called by Andrews to hit assistance in Exeter-buildings—I saw the prisoner there, throwing the axe about, and cutting the wall, and threatening any policeman or any one that came near him—he ran at Andrews, and cut him on the brim of the hat with the axe, and cut his hat completely down, and then cut his coat—Andrews then got hold of him, and forced him against the wall, and he fell down by the side of the wall—he got up again, and I went to secure him, and he struck me on the forehead with the axe, and cut my hat completely through(producing it), and cut my forehead also—I then threw him on his back, and got the axe away from him by using my truncheon—he was very violent—I gave the axe to Andrews—

the prisoner struck me a violent blow on the mouth with his fist, coming out of the buildings—I was so faint from the effect of the blows, that I was obliged to go to Mr. Pearce, the surgeon, who attended to me—the prisoner was in liquor, but was quite capable of knowing what he was doing.

Cross-examined. Q. He was very violent all the way through, both before and after? A. Yes, and very noisy.





GEORGE PEARCE
. I am a surgeon, in Regent-street, Westminster. I saw Foulkes on 13th May, about ten o'clock in the morning—my assistant had previously seen him about three, and had dressed his head—I examined the wound—it was an incised wound, about an inch and three-quarters long, going obliquely downwards, and penetrating to the bone—it was a serious wound—it might have been inflicted by this hatchet.

Cross-examined. Q. How long was he under your care? A. Eleven days—he has now resumed his duty.





JAMES CLARK
 (policeman, T 13). I produce a certificate—(read—Thomas Howard, convicted September, 1847, of cutting and wounding—confined eighteen months)—I was present at that trial—the prisoner is the person—there were four indictments against him on that occasion.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.

