









286. 



JOHN WHITE,


 MARY WHITE,



 EDWARD WEBB,



 JOHN WEST,



 ELLEN BAKER,



 JAMES BARRETT
, and 



JAMES HALSWELL



, feloniously having in their possession a mould impressed with the obverse and reverse sides of a shilling: to which


JOHN WHITE



PLEADED GUILTY
.*—


Transported for Fourteen Years.


MARY WHITE



PLEADED GUILTY
.*—



Confined Two Years.


MESSRS. CLERK
and
POLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES BRANNAN
, Sen. (police inspector, G). On Saturday, 26th Jan., in consequence of information, I went to No. 20, Revell's-row, Southwark, about 2 o'clock in the afternoon, in company with other officers; some were in uniform, and some in plain clothes—the door was fastened, the officer, Nevill, broke it open—there is only one room on the ground floor, and one up stairs—we went up stairs—the room door was fastened, Nevill forced it open—I entered the room with some other constables—I found John White sitting near a table, near a clear fire, Mary White, and Ellen Baker were likewise close to the fire—the other prisoners were sitting on a bed at the table, Halswell was sitting behind them—they all surrounded the table except Halswell, who sat at the back—at that time I saw the prisoners jump up, and John White had in his left hand a plaster of Paris mould, which he threw on the floor and stamped on it—Mary White took from the table a handful of half crowns and shillings, and threw them on the fire—there was a pipkin on the fire containing metal—Nevill seized John White, and a desperate struggle ensued; all the prisoners, except Halswell, attempting to destroy what was on the table—Thomas Evans seized Mary White, and

palled her away from the table, and at the same time I saw Edward Webb rubbing a shilling between his thumb and finger with sand and water from this saucepan lid (producing it)—he threw the shilling into the fire—he was then seized by James Brannan, and put in the other end of the room—after some considerable difficulty, we succeeded in getting them all away from the table and the fire, and putting them in the other part of the room—I called up Benjamin Bryant, whom I had left down stairs, to our assistance, as the prisoners were so violent—after we had got the prisoners to another part of the room, we commenced searching—I picked up this portion of the mould which I saw John White throw from his hand, and there were in it a half crown and a shilling—they were so hot I could not hold them in my hand, and the get was attached to them—I saw the pipkin taken off the fire by Thomas Evans, and it was put in a basin of water to cool—it contained white metal in a fused state, and in it there is a portion of a shilling which was thrown into it, either by Mary White or the others—I found also a galvanic battery charged, on the table, with a 4d. piece in it, and two files, with white metal in their teeth—I found three half crowns finished, bearing the same date with the one in the mould, of the reign of George the Third—I found a knife and scissars on the table with plaster of Paris on them—I found this ladle on the hob with white metal in it in a fused state, and in the cupboard I found plaster of Paris in powder—I succeeded in taking all the prisoners into custody, but I was obliged to send to the station for assistance—I had seven other constables—when I first saw John White I said to him, "I have come to pay you another visit, Mr. White"—he said, "I cannot help it, Mr. Brannan."





JAMES NEVILL
 (policeman, G 152). On Saturday, 26th Jan., I went to the house No. 20, Revell's-row, South wark—I broke open the street door, and went up stairs to the first floor room—I broke open that door, and on entering the room I saw John White, Mary White, and Ellen Baker jump up from their seats, which were close by the table, and John White threw from his left hand a plaster of Paris mould which he trampled on—I seized him, and when I was struggling with him, I saw Mary White and Ellen Baker take some counterfeit coin from the table and throw it on the fire—Thomas Evans took Mary White into custody—I took John White to the further corner of the room—Mary White was crying very much at the time—I saw all the prisoners—they all tried to upset the table except Halswell—I did not see him do anything.





THOMAS EVANS
 (policeman, G 145). On 26th Jan., I accompanied the other witnesses to the house—I went into the upper room—I saw Mary White throw a handfull of coin in the fire—I immediately seized her, took her to the further end of the room, gave her in charge, and assisted in searching the room—I found at the foot of the bed where West and Webb had been sitting, this counterfeit shilling of George the Third—I took this pipkin off the fire—I took from the top of the fire a half crown, part of a half crown, and another in the ashes, which had passed through the fire—I saw several half crowns and shillings on the fire—I raked the ashes out, and under the grate I found this white metal—I found this iron ladle—I heard Halswell say at the police station, "I should not have been there, if I had had any money," and I heard Barrett say, "I suppose this is a four year's penal"





JAMES BRANNAN
, Jun. (police sergeant, G 21). I went with the other officers to the house on 26th Jan.—I went to the upper room, and saw the officers and the whole of the prisoners in a desperate struggle—the prisoner

appeared as if they wished to clear everything off the table, except Halswell, who seemed to be confounded—Edward Webb had some wet sand in his hand—I called the attention of inspector Brannan to it—Webb said, "I can play with wet mud if I like, can't I?"—I seized Ellen Baker, who attempted to escape, and just by where she had been first standing, I picked up this 2s. piece which I produce—I handcuffed Webb and West together.





BENJAMIN BRYANT
 (police sergeant, G 22). I accompanied the other officers to the house on 26th Jan. I remained below at the street door—while there, I was called by inspector Brannan—I went up, and found the whole of the officers struggling with the prisoners—West and Barrett were making their way to the table—with some difficulty, I got them back to the corner of the room—I gave West to serjeant Brannan—I handcuffed Barrett and Webb, and West said something to him which I could not hear—Barrett said, "It is an unfortunate job; I wish I had not been here."





WILLIAM WEBSTER
. This fragment is part of a plaster of Paris mould for a half crown piece—these others are part of the mould of a shilling—this half crown is from this mould; it has the get to it—five of these other half crowns are all made in this mould; they are finished, and the get taken off—this shilling is from this mould, and part of the get is remaining to it—this white metal is what is used for making the coin—this is a galvanic battery, which is used for plating the coin with silver—this 4d. piece was used to precipitate the silver on the coin—this wet sand is used to polish the pieces before they are plated—this metal has passed through the fire; it has been made into coins, and they have melted in the fire—these files are to get off the get.


Webb's Defence, I went to White's, and asked them if they would have a drop of something to drink? they said, "No;" I took a shilling out of my pocket, and in the struggle it was, I believe, thrown on the fire or in the pipkin.

West's Defence. I went to the house to ask them to lend me a ten board, which they did; I went there innocently to return it; lam innocent of knowing anything about the money; if I had had any idea of this, I should never have entered the house.

Baker's Defence. I called with some buttons to sell; Mrs. White said, "Come in;" she asked me to have a drop of beer; I said I did not mind; I went in, and sat down on the side of the bedstead; I had not been there ten minutes, before the door was biuot open; I saw and knew nothing of that was going forward; the officers said to me, "Where do you come from? I said, "I come from her invitation;" they took my shawl off, and my bonnet, and searched me in the room; I am perfectly innocent; I had not been in the house above five minutes; Mr. Brannan took my basket with the buttons in it.

Barrett's Defence. At five minutes to 2 o'clock I was in the Borough-road; I went down to Mr. White's, and saw Halswell going in with a pot of beer; I went in, and asked John White whether he could mend my trowsers; he said, "Bring them to morrow, and I will do them;" I asked him for a bit of tobacco, which he gave me, and as I was lighting my pipe the officers came in; it is a very serious case, I hope you will look into it; I was lighting my pipe and going down stairs when I was taken.

Haiswell's Defence. I was in the street, and a man said, "Will you take a pot of beer to Revell's-row? you will get a drink;" I said that I had no objection; we were drinking the pot of beer; the can was not empty when

the officers came; I was quite stupified, I stood with my hands in my pocket; the officers said, "I suppose you would not have been there if you had had any money;" I said, "No."

WEBB—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—



Four Years Penal Servitude.



WEST—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—



Four Years Penal Servitude.



BAKER—


GUILTY
.* Aged 40.—



Four Years Penal Servitude.



BARRETT—


GUILTY
.** Aged 23.—



Six Years Penal Servitude.



HALSWELL—


NOT GUILTY
.
