



1544. 




JOHN EDWARD PERCEVAL



, feloniously attempting to drown 



Alexander Shirreff, with intent to murder him.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






ALEXANDER SHIRREFF
. I am secretary to the East-country Dock Company, Rotherhithe, and am in my seventy-fifth year. I know the prisoner, working in the docks as one of the deal-porters—on the morning of 26th June I found fault with the foreman of the deal-porters, and objected to the prisoner's being employed—he was discharged, by my direction, between nine and ten o'clock—about a quarter-past three, that afternoon, I was walking round the dock, my usual practice at that time of day, and at the south side the prisoner came up to me—he seemed to be waiting for me—I was walking on the edge of the wharf, as I usually do, going back to the office, when the prisoner came from among the deals, and said, "Sir, the foreman has discharged me this morning; I wish to know the reason why?"—I just looked at him; I did not want to speak to him, I said, "I am not under any necessity of explaining my conduct to you; go about your business"—he gave me

no answer, and I walked on—I passed him—there were gates on that side—I thought perhaps he had obeyed my order, and gone about his business; but I had hardly passed him a few paces, and was walking on the edge of the dock, before I received a tremendous push on my back, which launched me right into the dock, head-foremost, where it is eighteen feet deep—I went a good way below, and when I came up I as a good way from the wharf—I found I could swim, though I had not tried for forty years, and never with my clothes and heavy shoes on—however, I got on very well, and did not lose my presence of mind—there was no access up the wharf; it was six or seven feet up—there was not a boat on that side of the dock—some men came running to the spot, when I could not have swam much longer, for I found my legs going down before I got to the wharf—I got hold of one of the pillars, but there was no way of getting up—they lowered one man down, and I got hold of his legs, and he got hold of my hand and shoulder, and I was taken up—if I could not have swam, no man could have come to my assistance in less than a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes, and I must have sunk—the prisoner was quite sober when he spoke to me—he spoke quite distinctly, and walked perfectly well.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long has he been employed in the docks? A. Perhaps two years altogether, but never regularly—I have been superintendent upwards of twenty years—a man named Percival is the foreman of the deal-porters—I do not know that he is a relation of the prisoner—I have been told that he is a half-brother—I first caused the prisoner to be discharged a year or two ago, when a large stone came upon me as I was turning a corner, and I made inquiry among the deal-porters, and said I would discharge every soul if they did not tell me who it was, and at last they pointed out the prisoner, and his excuse was that it was a lark—I told him I did not understand such larks, and he had better go about his business, which he did, and I told him not to come back to the docks again—he said it was a turnip that he threw, but I found a good many stones but no turnips, and I do not believe there were any—since then I have seen him occasionally working temporarily—I never saw him there but I found fault with him, not from that transaction, but from inquiry about his character—he was not there for twelve months afterwards—he never applied to me to be allowed to work there—he never brought me a letter from Mr. Blick, the Clergyman of Rotherhithe—he never spoke to me in his life, except on the day he threw the stone, and the day he threw me into the dock—if Mr. Blick wrote a letter I am positive I did not receive it; he may casually have written me a note, but not about any man whatever.





THOMAS LIDDELL
. I am a carpenter, and live at the East Country Dock. On 20th June I was with Mr. Shirreff, and saw the prisoner come up—he walked past Mr. Shirreff while he was speaking to me—we were two or three feet from the edge of the wharf, which was repairing—Mr. Shirreff walked ahead, about fifty yards along the path by the side of the bason—the prisoner was waiting for him, and I saw them speaking—Mr. Shirreff walked two or three yards a head, and the prisoner ran with force behind him, pushed him into the water, and then ran away down the dock—Mr. Shirreff came up fourteen or twenty feet from the edge of the wharf, and swam to the edge of the basin—I lowered a man who was there, and Mr. Shirreff caught hold of his legs, and we held him for a few minutes till farther assistance came, and we succeeded in getting him up—the water was eighteen feet deep—it was seven or eight feet at the edge of the wharf—if he had not been able to swim we should have had to have gone round to the other side for a boat, which

would have taken a quarter of an hour—he could not have got out by himself.

Cross-examined. Q. How many other persons were there? A. Four or five more—I have seen the prisoner employed in the docks—there was no chain round the dock for persons to lay hold of, who happen to fall in—Mr. Shirreff was about three feet from the edge when the prisoner came behind him.





JOHN LYNCH
. I live at Ship-court, Deptford, and am a deal-porter at the East Country Docks—I know the prisoner, I saw him in the docks, between ten and eleven o'clock on the day in question, with some men, who were sitting down to have a pint of beer—I heard him saying to them that if Mr. Shirreff came out that day he would have him into the dock, if he went in with him.

Cross-examined. Q. Was that in a public-house? A. No, in the dock where we were at work—it was the morning of the day on which he had been discharged—I knew him before; he has a wife and children—I saw him go by about two minutes before this happened—I did not see him at any public-house—he used to frequent the Dog and Duck.





HENRY WILKINSON
. I was at work in the East Country Dock—the prisoner was in my company about eleven o'clock. On 25th June, we had been drinking some beer near the ship called the Albion, where we were at work—he used rather a vulgar expression about Mr. Shirreff, and said he would put the old b—r in the dock if he had a chance—I afterwards saw what he did—he ran away immediately—I ran after him about 300 yards, and then lost sight of him.





WILLIAM NOAKES
 (policeman, M 104). I had a warrant, and took the prisoner at Birmingham, on 13th July.

Cross-examined. Q. He said it was a bad job, and he would go quietly, did not he? A. Yes; he said he had been taking a quantity of brandy.




GUILTY
. Aged 44.—


Transported for Life.


Before 


Russell Gurney, Esq.

