



1027. 




JOHN CLEMISHAW WRIGHT



, forging and uttering a request for the delivery of 3 chests of soap; to defraud 



Henry John Hunt: having been before convicted.






HENRY JOHN HUNT
. I am a soap-manufacturer. On 28th Feb., this order was brought to me by a carman—I declined to act upon it, bat I directed the carman to come on the following morning—he came about eight o'clock, and I caused three empty boxes to be put into his cart, and sent an officer to watch it—I do not sell any goods to Messrs. Knight's—I do not know anything of William Brown, a man of theirs.





ABRAHAM BENSWORTH
. I do not know the prisoner, but he employed me—I cannot tell on what day it was, but the day before I went out with the goods, he came to my house directly after dinner and gave me this document—he told me to go to Mr. Hunt's and give the paper, and they would deliver the goods to me—I went and gave it to Mr. Hunt—he told me the goods would not be ready for four or five hours—I came away and went to another job, and during my absence the prisoner came again to my house, and left word for me to go for the things next morning—I went for them, and the three cases were put in the cart—I got about 100 yards from the place when I saw the prisoner—he touched me on the shoulder, and asked me whether I had got the goods—I said, "Yes, quite correct"—we were going along in conversation, and he asked me whether I would have anything to drink—I said, "No"—the policeman came and took the prisoner and the goods.





EDWARD DIXON
 (policeman, L 85). In consequence of directions from

Mr. Hunt, I followed the cart—I saw fie prisoner in conversation with the carman; and he answering the description I had had, I took him, and told him it was on suspicion of attempting to obtain a quantity of soap from Mr. Hunt—he said he knew nothing about it.





WILLIAM HAY
. I am a clerk, in the employ of Joseph Knight and another, merchants—the prisoner was formerly a warehouseman in their employ—this order is not a genuine one—there is no person named Brown in their service—I think this order was written by the prisoner, but cannot swear positively—he was discharged in Aug., 1849—he had no authority to write or to issue this order—there is no other house of the name of Knight end Knight at Three Cranes Wharf—(Order read—"Three Cranes Wharf London, Feb. 15th, 1851. Mr. Hunt,—Please to deliver to bearer three chests of mottled soap, about 15 cwt., as per sample for Knight and Knight. William Brown.)





HENRY LOE
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction here—(read—Convicted Sept., 1849, of stealing goods from Joseph Knight and another, his masters, confined one year)—he is. the person.




GUILTY
of Uttering.
 Aged 30—


Transported for Life.

