



552. 




HENRY EDGAR, alias
 Veale,




burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Kearsley Starling, and stealing therein 66 pencil-cases, 14 pen-holders, and a variety of other articles, value 15l. 19s. 7d.; 15 half-crowns, 83 shillings, 26 sixpences, 4 groats, one 3d.-piece, and 6 pence; his property; having been before convicted.



MR. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES KEARSLEY STARLING
. I am a bookseller, of 87, Upper-street, Islington—it is my dwelling-house. On 11th Feb. I went to bed soon after twelve o'clock—I went over the whole of the house—I was the last person up—on the landing on the first flight of stairs there is a door, and a window shuts down on it—it was safe, secured hy a bar and a lock—I am not quite sure whether the window-bolts were fastened, but the window was so stiff we could hardly move it, it had not been opened for a long time—the door opens on the leads which cover my back parlour, it abuts on some sheds and yards which lead into Seabrook's mews—a person could get to the window and door by coming over the buildings—the house communicates with a public-house yard—about half-past three I was awoke by the springing of a rattle—I got up, thinking there was a fire, but seeing nothing went to bed again—as the clock struck four I was aroused by the police, found the window open, and the bar removed—I let the police in—my secretary and book-case were broken open—a drawer had been turned over in the shop—a glass case, which had contained silver pencil-cases and gold pens, was emptied—I missed silver-mounted pen-holders and other things, value 20l. or 22l., and 12l. or 14l. in silver—to the best of my belief, this hammer (produced) is mine—it laid on the dresser the night before.

Cross-examined by
MR. COOPER. Q. It is a very common hammer? A. Yes—I saw the pencil-cases the night before.





JOSEPH BATES
 (policeman, N 414). On 11th Feb. I was on duty, and about half-past three o'clock was going down Seabrook's-yard, and met the prisoner coming from the back of Mr. Starling's house—I put my left hand against his left arm, and said, "Halloo! what are you doing of here?"—he made no reply, but leant back and struck me under the ear with this hammer, but I could not see it at the time—I reeled against the wall, and he run out immediately—I recovered myself, ran out, and gave an alarm—he was taken by Gibbs, in my presence, in the Lower-road—I found on him this property (produced,) and some which was given up by the Magistrate's order—I found this chisel in the pocket of Mr. Starling's coat, which the prisoner had on—I found on him 7l. 4d., and two base half-crowns.





GEORGE LOCK
 (policeman, N 196). I saw the prisoner in custody—I went down the mews, and found this hammer on the ground at the back of Mr. Starling's—I called him up.

MR. STARLING
re-examined. All these things are mine—these pencil-cases have my writing on them—I defaced these bad half-crowns.





GEORGE WALLTERS
 (City-policeman, 250). I produce a certificate from Mr. Clark's office—(read—William Scott, convicted of burglary, April, 1847, and confined eighteen months)—I was present—the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Fourteen Years


(There was another indictment against the prisoner for wounding the policeman.)
