



766. 




GEORGE HUDDLESTONE



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Andrew Sweet, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 2 knives and 4 forks, value 8s.; his goods.






ANDREW SWEET
. I am a smith, and ironmonger, and live in St. James-place, Hampstead-road. It is my dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. Pancras—on Wednesday, 20th March, I went to bed about half-past tea o'clock—I was not the last up—I have a son who comes in after me—I was awoke about four in the morning by a noise—I sat up in bed, and called, "Who 's there?"—I got no answer—I was going to lie down again, and saw a man in the room, between me and the window—I called out, "Tom, thinking it might be my son—he made no answer, but walked out at the door, on to the staircase—I called out, "Thieves!" struck a light, and followed him—when I got into the shop, I found the shop-window pushed down, leaving room enough for a person to get in—I had left it secure when I went to bed—I fastened the shutters myself.

Prisoner. Q. Can you swear that I am the person that was in your room? A. No—I did not fasten the shop-window, but I am sure it was shut, and the shutters were fastened.





ROBERT THOMAS
 (policeman, S 303). About a quarter-past four o'clock on the morning in question I was on duty in Great George-street, Hamp-stead-road, and saw the prisoner come out of the top part of the shop-window of the prosecutor's house—I went across the street, and asked him what he did there—he said, "All right, policeman; all right"—I took him into custody—Mr. Sweet looked out, and said, "That is right, hold him"—as I took him to the station, he said, "If they had greased the b——y window, I should have been all right."






WILLIAM FLANEGAN
 (policeman, S 136). About four o'clock on Thursday morning I was on duty near this place, and heard a rattle—I went to the prosecutor's house, and went in; and under the shop-window I found three forks and two knives thrown on a bench under the window out of which the prisoner got.

MR. SWEET
re-examined. These knives and forks are my property—I had them in a glass-case the night before—I do not think I left them on the bench, but I cannot say that I might not have left them there after showing them to a customer—the case was the proper place for them—I have no recollection of leaving them on the bench—they were the only things that were moved.

Prisoner. Q. But you cannot swear that they were moved? A. I cannot swear it, because I am not sure.

Prisoner's Defence. As I was going to work, about four o'clock in the morning, I heard a cry of "Thief!" I was close to the house—I went round the corner, and was instantly collared by a policeman, who ran across the road—nothing was found on me, not even the means of getting a light—I was never in the house.




GUILTY
of burglariously breaking and entering, with intent to steal, but not of



stealing the articles.** Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Erle.

