




891. 




THOMAS JONES



, robbery on 



John Bagley, and stealing from his person 1 watch, and 1 watch guard chain, value 34l.; his goods.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN BAGLEY
. I reside at No. 22, Charles-square, Hoxton, and live on my property. On 28th Aug., about 2 o'clock in the morning, I was in High-street, Southwark, coming from St. George's Church, towards London-bridge—a woman was telling me a pitiable tale in King-street, but was not within eleven inches or two feet of me—at the moment she went from me, I was iron bound, and was bent down by some one behind—I was seized round my throat, and was hurt severely—I felt it afterwards—while this person was holding my throat, there was one person on my right, and one on my left—they began pulling at my chain—it was all done in a moment—they wrenched off my buttons—the person on my right was pulling at my watch over my head—I struggled with all my might, and held my waistcoat—I held my watch as long as I could, till the one on my left wrenched my hand back—that was the prisoner—in doing that my thumb was very much out by my chain—I am quite sure the prisoner is the person who wrenched my hand away—they got away with my watch and chain—I gave 24l. for the watch, and the chain cost me 11l., or some few shillings under—two of the men went to the right, and the prisoner went to the left—I pursued him, and never lost sight of him—he had got a crutch, like that which he has now—I got up to him, and he said, "What do you want? if you do not go off I will do for you"—I said, "You shall for me, or I let you; if you will walk till I get an officer, I will let you"—we walked on till I saw a police-man, and I said, "I will give this thief in charge"—we only walked about twice the length of this Court.

Prisoner. Q. On the night that I met you at the top of King-street, did not you say, "There is the villains, there they go?" A. No—I told you that you were one of the parties who had robbed me—I did not turn round and say", Very likely you are one of them, and I shall take you whether you are or not, for I can see nobody else"—when I ran you down, and captured you, you gave yourself into custody to the policeman—you can run like a young roe—I was not intoxicated, I had only had a little from one glass of brandy and water—I drank some water at the station house, but not half of a half pint—I did not charge you with robbing me of thirty-six guineas as well—I knew very well that you had not got the watch and chain: if I had gone after those who had, they would have killed me.

COURT. Q. Did you give an alarm? A. I had not the power, and neither of the men spoke; it was all done in four or five seconds—at the time 1 followed the policeman, I called "Stop thief!"—I was making a little on him, and he turned round with all the impudence he could—I followed him about 200 yards, the street was empty—they knocked my hat off, and it was brought to the station a quarter of an hour after.





JOHN AMOY
 (policeman, M 65). On 28th Aug., about half past 2 o'clock, I was in the Borough, and met Mr. Bagley and the prisoner—Mr. Bagley gave the prisoner into custody for assaulting him and assisting in stealing a gold watch and chain—the prisoner said that he knew nothing about the robbery, but he thought he knew who one of the thieves was—1 took him to the station—the prosecutor was quite sober.

Prisoner. Q. Did I say, or did I not, "I will give myself in charge!" A. No.

Prisoner's Defence. I was coming over London Bridge, and met a policeman; I asked him what time it was; he said, "About 5 minutes to

2 o'clock"; I said, "I must begin getting home"; I am a tailor, and had taken some work home; when I got to the top of King-street, I met this gentleman with no hat, and running as fast as he could; I said, "What is the matter?" he said, "I have been robbed"; I said, "There they go, I suspect"; he said, "Whether they go, or not, I shall take you, whether you are one or not"; I said, "Keep your hands off me, but if you are willing, go along with me to the station house"; I went till we saw a police-man, and the prosecutor said, "I will give this man in charge for stealing my watch and chain"; he took me to the station, and the inspector asked him what he charged me with; he did not know what to say, and the inspector said that he would not take the charge, and then said, "Will you charge him with stealing your watch and chain?" he said, "I will"; they searched me, and found nothing but a tobacco box, a thimble, and a needle; the evidence he gave in the morning was, that I knew the parties, and if I did not tell it would be the worse for me; and the next time he came up, he said that I held his hands whilst his watch was taken; I denied it, and was put back for trial; if the parties had his watch and chain, why did not he run after them? anybody in the street would be liable to be taken; I know no more about it than a child.




GUILTY
. **† Aged 23.
(Two police officers stated that the prisoner had been sentenced to ten years transportation, and was out on a ticket of leave.)




Transported for Fourteen Years
.
