



338. 




DAVID WILLIAMS



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



George Grumbridge, and stealing 2 candlesticks and other articles, value 13s.; his property: having been before convicted.






GEORGE GRUMBRIDGE
. I live at 99 and 100, St. George's-street, in the parish of St. George-in-the-East; I am a draper and outfitter. On the night of 7th Jan., my house was safe when I went to bed at half-past twelve o'clock—I came down in the morning about eight—an old table had been drawn across, which prevented the shutters from going down—the door was wide open at the bottom of the stairs at the bottom of the house, which was shut when I went to bed—I missed a pair of candlesticks, a pair of snuffers, and a tray—the back shutter had been bored in several places, and a crow-bar had been put in to wrench it open—there were marks on the window sill, as if a person with cord trowsers had got in—it was shut when I went to bed, and was about two inches up in the morning, as if it had been raised and partly put down again—I found a chisel just inside the window, which did not belong to me—these are the articles which I missed, and we have a shutter here that was pierced.





THOMAS SANSON
 (policeman, K 85). About a quarter-past four o'clock in the morning of 8th Jan., I saw the prisoner coming towards New Gravel-lane, about one hundred yards from the prosecutor's premises—I stopped him, and asked where he had been at that hour in the morning—he said he had been over the water, and had come round from London-bridge on the Surrey side—Sergeant Edwards was by me, and turned on his light—I saw a dark lantern in the prisoner's pocket, and the top of one of the candlesticks—I took him, and found on him these articles, and a gimlet, a small crow-bar or jemmy, and a knife—I applied the jemmy to the marks on the shutter, it appeared to fit them—I have the shutter here with the marks on it—the shutter is bored with this gimlet, but there is iron on the other side, and he could not effect his purpose.

Prisoner. I know nothing about it; the tools and candlesticks were given to me by a party.





WILLIAM GLASSPOOL
 (policeman, N 287). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction at Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted Feb., 1849, and confined six months)—he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

