



540. 




FREDERICK GEORGE JANES



, feloniously uttering a forged
acceptance to a bill of exchange for 35l. 15s. 6d., with intend to defraud 



Stephen Stiles: having been: before convicted.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.







JOHN WILMOT LINDRIDGE
. I am a lime-burner, my works are at Woldsham, near Rochester; I had a wharf at 78, Great Cambridge-street, Hackney-road. The prisoner came into my service cm 25th March—it was his duty to receive, and pay money at the wharf on my account—In Oct. last he handed me this acceptance for 35l. odd (produced)—it was accepted the same as it is now, except the notary's paper; it purports to be the acceptance of a Mr. Stiles—I had a customer of that name at Dalston—he told me that was an acceptance of Mr. Stiles for money that he owed me for goods—I put my name to it as drawer, endorsed it, and paid it into my bankers' (read—"dated 18th Oct., 1850, for 35l. 15. 6d.; drawn by John Wilmot Lindridge, on Stephen Stiles, payable two months after date")—before it became due the prisoner was taken into custody—I did not know that there was anything improper or irregular in it until it became due, it was then returned by my bankers.

Cross-examined by
SERJEANT JONES. Q. You reside at Rochester? A. Yes; I left the whole management of my business at Hackney to the prisoner to take orders, execute them, and receive and pay money—I did not know the state of my account with Mr. Stiles—when I first saw the bill, which was on 18th Oct., it was not lying open on the desk in my counting-house, he handed it to me; it was an acceptance for what Mr. Stiles owed me—the prisoner had 12s. a week—we settled our accounts every week—I do not believe there was a balance in his favour above once—I had authorised him to draw this bill before I saw it—he told me he could get a bill for the money that was owing to roe—it is very likely he knew more of my business than I did; I did not know at the time I received the bill how much Mr. Stiles owed me—I did not authorise him to keep a running account, so as to debit me in his account with his travelling and other expenses—I told him I would pay for his little incidental expenses merely—I did not order him to be out on my business from six in the morning till six at night, it was from six till four in the afternoon.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Then the subject of this bill had been matter of conversation between you and him before the 18th? A. Yes; some time before; he said Mr. Stiles could not exactly pay, but would give a bill, and I said, "Very well, get it"

COURT. Q. DO you know the writing of the body of the bill? A. Yes; It is the prisoner's—I sent lime to him for sale.





STEPHEN STILES
. I am a builder, of 7, Philips-place, Dalston. I am a customer of Mr. Lindridge, at his wharf at Hackney. I transacted business with the prisoner—the acceptance to this bill it not my writing, or written by my authority—I knew nothing about it till after it became due—I never desired the prisoner to tell Mr. Lindridge that I could not pay my debt, and that he must draw a bill for it; I owed him under 20l. on 18th Oct.—I cannot tell exactly how long it had been standing, I had been in the habit of paying every week until the prisoner fell off collecting—I several times asked him the reason he did not call, he gave me no answer—to my surprise there was a bill left at the Albion public-house, Albion-road—it was made payable there; it is a house I use sometimes—there was an item in the account which was disputed.


Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever desired the prisoner to tell Mr. Lindridge to draw a bill on you? A. Never; I had dealt with him going on for twelve months, I think—I am not aware that I am the prosecutor of this indictment.

MR. BODKIN. Q. you were examined before the Magistrate, but not on this charge? A. No; I should think that in the course of my dealings with Mr. Lindridge, I have paid him near upon 80l.—I owe him nothing now—I have settled with him since this matter, and paid him 40l.—I had goods of him after 18th Oct. to, I should think, the amount of about 20l.





JOHN TOUGH
. I am superintendent of police for the city of Rochester. I produce a certificate from the clerk of the peace for Kent—(read—Frederick George Janes, convicted of forgery, July 1845; transported for seven years)—I was present—the prisoner is the person; I have known him from a child.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Twenty years.

(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)
