



171. 




EDWARD KELLY



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Edward Griffiths, and stealing 1 cash-box, and other articles, value 15s. 6d.; his property.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES ADAMS
 (policeman, D 285). I was on duty in York-terrace Mews, at 1 o'clock in the morning of 2nd Jan.—I heard the breaking of glass at the back of the house, 6, Nottingham-terrace—I listened, and got on the top of the wall—I called my brother officer—I saw a light in the back premises of Mr. Griffiths's house—his premises are bounded by a wall, and on the other side there is a mews—I scaled the wall and entered the premises—there is a library built out from the house—I found the library door just ajar—I asked who was there—no one answered—we got a light, and went in, and found the prisoner crouched down in one corner—we asked what he did there—he said he lived there—we roused the inmates of the house, and took the prisoner into custody—that library communicates with the house by an iron door, which was fast—there were some marks of an attempt on that door on the library side—there was one square of glass broken in the door, by which I entered the library, that would enable a person to put his hand in and undo the fastenings—the fastenings were undone, and the room was in confusion.





WILLIAM FITZGERALD
 (policeman, D 178). I accompanied Adams, and saw the prisoner squatted down—I saw a square of glass broken in the library door—I found on the prisoner a gimlet, and some silent matches, and

some such matches were on the floor—they had been burnt—I asked the prisoner if he lived there—he said, "Yes."





ELIZABETH POTTS
. I am housemaid to Mr. Griffiths, of 6, Nottinghamterrace. I fastened the library door at half-past 9 o'clock on the night of 1st Jan.—it has two bolts, and a catch—I am not positive that I fastened the bolls—I am positive I fastened the catch—I was alarmed at half-past I—I got up, and went to the library—I saw a cash-box on the floor which had been in a cabinet the night before—the tool-box had been removed from another cabinet, and was placed on the table.

Prisoner. The door was not fastened at all; by pulling it, it opened; the wind took it back, and broke the pane of glass. Witness. I am positive to fastening the middle catch—I cannot say that I fastened the bolts—there was no opening on the outside—I do not think any person could open it outside—if they broke the glass they could put their hand inside.





EDWARD GRIFFITHS, ESQ
. I am a master of the Common Pleas, and live at 6, Nottingham-terrace, St. Marylebone—I was disturbed by a policeman knocking at my door—I went to the library, and saw the cash-box, which had been in the cabinet the night before—some tools were found which did not belong to our house—there were thirty or forty marks on the iron door on the library side—the library forms part of the dwelling-house—I am the tenant of it.

Prisoner. I beg to throw myself on the mercy of the Court; I have four children, and no mother to protect them.




GUILTY
. Aged 51.—


Transported for Ten Years.

