





1389. 




HENRY PICKETT
 was again indicted with 




WALTER FLETCHER
 and 



ALBAN FLETCHER
, 

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



George Selby, and stealing 1 coat, value 3l.; his goods: and 1 cap, 1 coat, 1 pair of boots, and 1 pair of gloves, value 1l. 12s.; the goods of 



Henry Selby; and 1 hat, value 6s.; the goods of 



Edwin Selby; Pickett having been before convicted.


The
MESSRS. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution,






MARIA RANGER
. I am servant to George Selby, of Ravensborne-park, in the parish of Lewisham. On Friday night, 25th April, I went to bed about half-past 11 o'clock—I left the back-kitchen window shut, and the shutter closed, but I believe neither of them were fastened—the dairy has a door, which leads into the stable-yard, and then into the garden—that door was boiled—I came down next morning about half-past 6, and found the back-kitchen window open—the shutters were put to—the dairy-door was open—I missed from the kitchen three silver spoons and a purse, and from the passage two great coats, a cap, and a pair of boots; and from the break first-room a gun and some cigars and tobacco—they were all there over night.





WILLIAM ALFRED WOOD
. I am a grocer, of Mill-lane, Deptford. On 14th May Alban Fletcher came to my shop with these boots (produced), and asked if I would buy them—I said I did not want them—he said his brother gave 4s. 6d. for them, in London, and they crippled his feet so, he could not wear them—I knew him before—next morning I bought them of him for 1s., a pair of shoes, and an ounce of tobacco—two days afterwards Walter Fletcher brought this hat (produced), and asked if I would buy it; I said, "No"—he asked if I would give him a few things for breakfast—it was between 11 and 12 in the morning—I gave him a few things, and bought the hat of him—I gave him 5d. and articles to the value of 8d.—I have sees his mate Pickett wear the same hat a fortnight or three weeks before, when the other prisoners were with him—on the 17th I gave the hat and boots to the policeman—Alban had dealt with me nearly four years—he was in the habit of making and taking out rope-mats.





JOSEPH GREEN
 (policeman, R 315). I was present when Pickett was taken, on 17th May—he had on a black coat, in the pockets of which I found this pair of gloves (produced)—I asked him where he got them; he said he bought them of some person in London—when I went to take him, be was in bed with Alban Fletcher—I took Alban two days afterwards, and told him the charge; he said, "My brother gave me the boots to get changed for him"—he was in Wood's shop at the time—Wood heard what was said.





HENRY SELBY
. I live with my father, in Ravensborne-park. On 26th April I came down, and missed a blue coat and a pair of gloves, of mine, a blue coat of my brother's, a double-barrelled gun, a pair of boots, some cigars, and tobacco—these boots and gloves are mine, and were safe the night before the robbery.





EDWIN SELBY
. This is my hat.





JOHN CHINNERY
 (policeman, R 153) On 26th April I was on duty at Brockley, about a quarter past 5 o'clock in the morning—I met Pickett and Walter Fletcher about a quarter of a mile from Ravensborne-park, coming out of some fields which lead in that direction—they had got on overcosts,

one of which was blue, and respectable-looking hats—they were strangers to me.

Walter Fletcher's Defence. I bought the coats in Dudley-street, Sevendials; my brother Alban knows nothing of where I got them; I Was living in London, and took them down to him on 1st May, and gave them to him to take to Mr. Wood's.





THOMAS LOVEDAT
 (policeman, R 77). I produces certificate—(read—Central Criminal Court—Henry Bennett, convicted Feb., 1851—Confined two months)—I was present—Pickett is the person.

PICKETT—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.


WALTER FLETCHER—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined Two Years.


ALBAN FLETCHER—


NOT GUILTY
.
(There was a third indictment against Pickett.)
