




317. 




THOMAS CONNOR
 and 



WILLIAM WATTS



, stealing 8 sovereigns, 1 10l.-note, and a pocket-book, value 5s.; the goods of 



James Ritchie; from his person.






MR. TREVETHAN SPICER

conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES RITCHIE
. I live at Craven-cottage, Richmond. On Wednesday, 28th Jan., about half-past 3 o'clock in the morning, I went into the White Hart in the Strand with Mr. Jones, who is a friend of mine—there were about twenty people there; I saw Connor there—Mr. Jones took charge of my money—we stayed there till half-past 6, when we came out, and Mr. Jones called a cab, got into it, and from the cab window give me back my pocket-book and the money, which was a 10l.-note and eight sovereigns—the sovereigns were rolled up in the note in the pocket-book, and I put the pocket-book into my coat side-pocket—I was not quite sober, but knew what I was about—I then went into the coffee-shop next door to the White Hart, and ordered some him and eggs—Connor then came in, told me he was hungry, and asked me if I would give him something to eat—I told him he might have the same as I was having—I then said I Wanted a cab, and Connor said he would fetch one—a cab was brought, and he was inside it when it came and the prisoner Watts was on the box with the caiman—I got into the cab, and told the caiman to drive to St. Paul's Churchyard—I felt my pocket-book then safe—the caoman drove to St. Paul's Churchyard and stopped there; Connor immediately opened the door, jumped out, and told the caiman the gentleman inside would pay the fare—I got out, put my hand on my pocket, and immediately missed my pocket-book—I asked the cabman which way Connor had gone; he said he did not know, and said that Watts had gone off with him—I did not see Watts go, but the cabman is here—I then drove to the station and gave the charge.

Cross-examined by
MR. BURNIE. Q. Was Watts ever inside the coffee-shop with you? A. I did not see him—he was not inside the cab"—I did not see him till he came on the cab—I am not a very good sparrer—I had been sparring that night at the public-house in the bar parlour, and I had served some customers with gin, in the landlord's apron—I may have treated two of them—I treated Connor—I did not propose to him to go to the coffee-shop to have some refreshment—Watts remained on the cab when I got into it—I felt my pocket-book safe after I got into the cab.


Connor. Q. Did you not ask me to go to the coffee-shop? A. No; I did not take your hat off your head and go in—I did not say I would see you

as far as St. Paul's Churchyard—I did not tell Watts to get outside the cab, nor did I shove you into it.





RICHARD JONES
. I live at Angel-terrace, Islington. On the morning of 28th Jan., about half-past 3 o'clock, I went with Ritchie into the White Hart, and we remained there till half-past 6—Ritchie was somewhat intoxicated, but was well aware of what he was doing—I took his money from him, because I thought he was mixing with low company, and thought there might be pickpockets among them, and as I did not intend to mix with them I thought it would be safer with me—I left to go home at about half-past 6—Ritchie went with me as far as the cab door, when he changed his mind, said he would not go, and asked me for his pocket-book—I gave him the pocket-book with my left hand through the cab window, and the 10l.-note and seven sovereigns and two half sovereigns with my right—I took the money out of the pocket-book to show him he had got it all—he put the money into his pocket-book, and I think he put the book into his pocket, but I cannot say certainly.





WILLIAM CHAPMAN DIXEY
 (policeman, F 103.) On the morning of 28th Jan., a little before 6 o'clock, my attention was called to the White Hart in consequence of my seeing a number of people there, and a female in particular, whom I knew to be a thief—I looked through the crack of the door several times—I saw Connor, Jones, and Ritchie together in front of the bar—I did not see Watts—I heard Jones ask the prosecutor to come home, for be would not stay any longer for him—I told Jones he had better stop a little while and give him another chance, it would be a pity to lose his money, and I thought the party round were likely to ease him of it—I afterwards saw Jones in the cab, and saw him give Ritchie a pocket-book and a paper with something in it—Ritchie took them of him at the cab window—I did not see him do anything with them, and he then went back into the White Hart—I heard Connor say, it was a b—y fine haul, and he should not mind serving a drag for it—a drag means three months.

Cross-examined by
MR. BURNIE. Q. When were those words spoken? A. At about 6 o'clock; Watts was not present.

Connor. Q. Were you on the opposite side of the road when the gentleman came out of the coffee-shop? A. No; on the same side as the White Hart—I cannot say how long Ritchie was behind the bar—I looked through the door several times, and I saw him behind the bar once.

COURT. Q. Did Connor say it was a by fine haul, out loud? A. In rather a high tone; everybody near could hear it.





FREDERICK WILLIAM DAVEY
 (policeman, F 143). On this morning I was with Dixey—I saw Connor and Watts, and also Jones and Ritchie in the White Hart drinking brandy and water—I observed them for about three hours—I saw Jones in the cab, and Ritchie came out of the public-house accompanied by Connor and Watts, and asked Jones for his pocket-book—Jones gave it to him, and he laid the money on his hand out of the pocket-book, and it was eight sovereigns—Connor said, "It looks b—y tempting"—I said to him, "You would not like to throw yourself away for the paltry sum of 8l?"—Connor rubbed his hands, and said he should not mind doing a b—y drag for it.

COURT. Q. Did he say that to you? A. I heard him say it; he said it to Watts, who was standing at his side—he heard me say to him, "You would not like to throw yourself away for a paltry sum of 8l."

MR. SPICER. Q. What took place then? A. Ritchie put the book into his right pocket and went into the public-house again, and Connor and Watts followed him in—I did not see anything else.


COURT. Q. Did you see him go into the coffee-house? A. Yes.

Connor. Q. What time was it when we went into the coffee-shop? A. The last time I saw you was a little before 6 o'clock—I saw you go into the public-house after Ritchie had his money back, and then saw you come out again and go into the coffee-shop.

Cross-examined by
MR. BURNIE. Q. Did you see the cab called? A. No; I did not see any women or other persons about the house when I first went there—Connor, Watts, and me were all standing together on the pavement when Connor used those words—I saw Ritchie leave the public house, and go into the coffee-house; Connor went in with him—about twenty minutes after they left the public bouse they went to the coffee shop; Connor went in first, Mr. Ritchie went in after about four minutes, and Watts followed him in—Mr. Ritchie did not go in first.

COURT. Q. Did you know Watts before? A. Yes; I am sure I saw him at the White Hart—I knew Connor before.





WILLIAM WHITE
 (policeman, F 88). On the morning of 28th Jan., about a quarter, or from that to half-past 7 o'clock, I saw a cab drive up to the coffee shop next door to the White Hart, in the Strand—I did not see Watts on the cab, but I saw him open the coffee shop door, and come out with Mr. Ritchie—Watts opened the cab door, Mr. Ritchie got inside, and as soon as he had got in I saw Connor sitting in the cab—I did not see any one get in besides Ritchie—Watts said, "Where shall we drive to;" Ritchie said, "Go on, drive anywhere," and Connor said, "Drive to St. Paul's"—Watts got on the box, and they drove away, and I saw no more of them.





EDWARD FREWIN
. I am a hatter at 10. Tyler-street, Regent-street. I know the prisoners as customers—on Wednesday, 28th Jan., about 6 o'clock in the evening, they cam to my shop, and purchased a hat each—they came to 13s.; Connor gave me a sovereign, and I gave him the change.





GEROGE BASHFORD
 (police-sergeant, F 5). I know the White Hart—on the morning of 28th Jan. I saw Connor and Watts there on two or three occasions—the first time was alter 3 o'clock, and I passed the door on several occasions afterwards, and called the men's attention to the parties there, as there was a notorious female thief there who was carried out by Connor—in consequence of information, about half-past 1 on the following morning, 29th, I apprehended Connor in a kitchen, at 23, Castle-street, Seven Dials—I told him the charge, he said nothing to it—I took Watts about half-past 4 the same morning, in bed, in the same house—I found two hats, and I asked Watts if he knew anything about them—he said yes, one was his; I asked if he had paid for it himself; he said he had.





HENRY ALDRIDGE
. I am a cab driver, and live at 7, Field-lane, Holborn. On 28th Jan., about a quarter past 7 o'clock in the morning, I was on the rank opposite Somerset-house, and was fetched by Watts, who took me to the White Hart—he rode on the box with me; he got off the box and Ritchie came out of the White Hart, or out of the coffee shop next door, I cannot say which, as I was between the two doors—Mr. Ritchie got into the cab, I did not notice any one else, and ordered me down Fleet-street, towards St, Paul's—I drove to the corner of Watling-street, when Watts, who was on the box with me, got off, and out jumped some one from inside the cab—they walked away, saying, "The gentleman inside will pay you"—I got off the box, and saw Mr. Ritchie, who appeared to be asleep—I said, "Here is St. Paul's Churchyard"—he said, "Where are my two friends?"and asked which way they went—I had not noticed which way they went—he stood there, talking about his money; a gentleman who knew him came out of the

house where he was standing, and I then drove them to the Fleet-street station house.

Cross-examined by
MR. BURNIE. Q. Watts was on the cab-box the whole time? A. Yes; he never left it—he and Connor appeared to go away together—I have known Watts living potboy at the White Hart—I cannot say whether a potboy's pay would enable him to buy a new hat.

MR. SPICER. Q. Is he potboy there now? A. No; when I knew him there it was a long while ago—I never knew him as a cab man.

COURT. Q. Was your cab searched? A. Yes; by Mr. Ritchie himself in St. Paul's Churchyard—it was then half past 8 o'clock, and quite light.

CONNOR—


GUILTY
.** Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven years.


WATTS—


NOT GUILTY
.
