



409. 




JOHN WOOD



, stealing 1 purse, value 6d., and 15s.; the property of 



Elizabeth Romer, from her person.

Mr. RIBTON
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH ROMER
. I live at 165, St. George's-street, St. George's-in-the-East. On Saturday night, 12th Feb., at near 12 o'clock, the prisoner came to my shop, asked for a cigar, and took a 1d. one—he offered me half a crown in payment—I took my purse from my pocket, and was in the act of giving him change, when he snatched the purse from me, knocked down the shutters, and ran out—my brother, who had passed him while he stood in the shop, heard me call out, and ran out after him—I ran first, but ran back to take care of my shop—there was about 15s. in my purse—I have no doubt the prisoner is the man—I had seen him once before (it may have been the same evening)—I recognized him directly he came into the shop.

Prisoner. I never was in the shop.





THOMAS PALMER
. The last witness is my sister; I live with her. On the evening of the 12th I saw my sister serving the prisoner in the shop—I have not the least doubt the prisoner is the man—I passed through the shop, while he was there, into the parlour, and as soon as I got into the parlour I heard my sister call "Thief!"—my sister left the shop and turned to the left, and I followed her, and saw the prisoner running—I pursued him through Bett-street and Cable-street, and did not lose sight of him—I came up to him when he was in the custody of Mr. James, about 300 yards off—I said, "Pray hold him, hold him"—I laid hold of his other side, and he took a knife and drew it across my nose (showing a wound), and slipped from me.

Prisoner. Q. Will you swear you saw me in the shop? A. Yes, distinctly—I saw my sister serving you as I passed you, and I heard the shutter fall as I got into the parlour.





SAMUEL JAMES
. I live at Middle-grove-street, Commercial-road East, and keep the Mallard Arms. On the night of 12th Feb., as I was closing my shop door, I heard a shout of "Stop thief!"—I placed myself in the middle of the road, and the first person who came was the prisoner, who was calling, "Stop thief!"—I stopped him and said, "Hold hard, governor; it strikes me you are the man;" he said, "No, I am not; pray, let me go"—the last witness then came up, said, "Don't let him go," and caught him by the

collar—prisoner put his hand into his pocket, pulled out a knife, and cut the boy across the nose; he then made an attempt at me; I threw him down; he scrambled up again and ran, and I ran with him, till he was taken—as I was following him, I saw him throw something away, which I suppose was the knife—I did not stop—he was captured about ten yards further, and I went back to the spot with the policeman's lantern, and there saw a young man pick up the purse.

Prisoner. Q. Where is the knife? A. I do not know; you ran at least 150 yards after you cut the lad—I saw it in your hand.





GEORGE REEVES
. I am a carman. On the night of 12th Feb. I was near the Mallard Arms public house—I saw the prisoner run away from Mr. James after the young man was cut—I ran after him for about 200 yards, came up to him, seized him, and knocked him down—I saw a knife in his hand; I am quite sure of that—he shut it up while he was on the ground, as soon as I knocked him down—there was a crowd about us, and the knife was taken out of his hand by some one, but I cannot say who—the policeman then came up, and took the prisoner into custody.

Prisoner. Q. Why did not you take the knife from me? A. Because there were some of your companions following you.





CHRISTOPHER DIGNAM
 (policeman, H 112). On the night of 12th Feb. the prisoner was given into my custody by Thomas Palmer, who was cut, and bleeding very much—I produce the purse.





ELIZABETH ROMER

re-examined. This is my purse.





SAMUEL JAMES

re-examined. This is the purse I found; I gave it to the inspector at the station.

Prisoner's Defence. I was not at the shop at all; I heard cries of "Stop thief!" and I called, "Stop thief!" the gentleman then came out and knocked me down; he swears I had a knife; why did not he take it from me? and where is the 15s., out of the purse? nothing was found on me.




GUILTY
.
(The prisoner teas further charged with having been before convicted.)





JAMES BRETT
 (City-policeman). I produce a certificate (read—


John Smith convicted here, of stealing a watch from the person; confined one year)—I was present at that trial—the prisoner is the same person.


GUILTY. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner for cutting and wounding Thomas Palmer.)
