



437. 



JAMES CLEMENTS



, breaking and entering a building within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of 




Charles Chapman and another, and stealing 4 1/2 bushels of pears, value 14l.; his goods; having been before convicted.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS FRANCIS
. I am in the employment of Messrs. Chapman, of Brentford-end Isleworth, market-gardeners. I had charge of their fruit-room, which is a building a little way from the house, and is part of the premises. I was there on the morning of 25th Dec., about eight or nine o'clock—there were some pears there—I went again next morning, about eight or nine, and missed four or five bushels of pears—the door appeared to have been opened by an iron instrument; it was forced open—it was safe the day before—the pears were of three different kinds, the Bura Rance, the Neplus Meuris, and the Nelis Diver—I afterwards saw some at the station at Brentford, and they exactly corresponded with those I missed—they were of two kinds—I produce a sample, which I brought from home.





CHARLES CHAPMAN
. I am in partnership with my brother as marketgardeners, in the parish of Isleworth. On 26th Dec., I received information about my pears being lost—on 15th Jan., I accompanied inspector Brown to Mr. Pullen's, in Farringdon-market, where some pears where shown me—to the best of my belief they were part of the pears I had lost—the value of those I lost was at least 15l.; they were of three different kinds, and those I saw at Mr. Pullen's were of the same three kinds—my fruit-room a shed erected in the yard against the garden wall; it is enclosed within the premises.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Do you know of these pears having been on your premises, or were you only told it?A. I know it from having seen them for some months—I had last seen them about a fortnight before—I have ascertained that they are missing—the price of these pears is well known to dealers—the price I put on them is not a high price—a person not acquainted with them might not suppose they were so valuable—a fruiterer would know they were worth that money if they came to market in their proper condition; but if they were in a worse condition, they would be reduced in value.





WILLIAM ROBERT PULLEN
. I am a fruiterer in Covent-garden and Farringdon-markets. On 26th Dec., between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, a person, who I believe to be the prisoner, came to my place, and after looking at some apples outside, asked me to purchase some pears—not thinking, from his appearance, that be had any worth purchasing, I said, "No"—he said, "You had better come out and look at them"—I did so, and they appeared in very bad condition, on account of their being badly packed, and the frost had taken them; they were in fish baskets—I should say there was between three and four bushels—I said I would have nothing at all to do with them, they were in so bad a state—be followed me into the shop, and said, "Will you not bid me anything for them?"—he asked 4l.—I said it was a sin to see such good things so badly packed, for they were quite destroyed from the way in which they had been brought to London—after a time, I said I would give him 30s. if only a small portion of them came good—he said he would not take that—I said, "Well, I will not give you more, and if you leave the place for one moment, I will not even give you that"—he asked if I would give him 5s. more—I said I cared so

little about them, that I did not care whether I had them or no—he said, "Well, you shall have them"—I paid him the 30s.; he brought the baskets in—when I was about to unpack them, he said he would call another day for the baskets; he did not call—Morgan, my servant, was present at the purchase—I sent him to take the man's name—these produced are some of the pears.

Cross-examined. Q. How many did you deliver up?A. I have all of them by me now; I only sold about half-a-peck—I did not notice how the man was dressed—I was talking to him perhaps five or ten minutes—I could not swear whether he had a hat or cap on.





JOHN MORGAN
. I am assistant to Mr. Pullen. On 26th Dec., I recollect a person coming; it was the prisoner; I have no doubt whatever about him—I was present at the purchase—in consequence of what my master said to me, I went and looked at the name on the cart which the prisoner had with him, and I put it down in a book—I have not got it here, but it was "James Clements, general dealer, Isleworth, Middlesex"—he was dressed in a blue pilot coat, a pair of cord trowsers, a blue apron twisted round his loins, and a cap—I went to Brentford on 17th Jan., and there identified the prisoner.





WILLIAM BROWN
 (police-inspector.) I received information of the robbery on 26th Dec., and made inquiry, but ascertained nothing respecting it until 15th Jan., when I went with Mr. Chapman to Mr. Pullen—Morgan gave me a description of the person, and handed me a paper—the prisoner answered the description he gave me; he resides at Brentford; I have known him about twelve months—he used to wear a blue coat, a cap, cord trowsers, and a blue apron—he is a fishmonger, and hawks fish about.





THOMAS BRAY
 (policeman, T 200). I produce a certificate—(read—James Clements, convicted Sept 1848, of larceny; confined three months)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

