




1216. 




JAMES ALLEN
 and 




WILLIAM JOHNSON



, stealing 2 pence; the moneys of 



Ann Ferrier, from her person: both having been before convicted. 
MR. HORRT
conducted the Prosecution,






JOHN POWELL
 (policeman, R 340). On 23rd April I was on duty with Crouch, at Greenwich fair, and saw the prisoners together—Allen put his hand into two females' pockets within ten minutes—while I was watching him, he placed himself beside the prosecutrix, put his hand into her pocket, and took something out—Johnson was at his side, and received it into his right hand—I laid hold of his hand, and he dropped two pence—I took Allen.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE
Q. Was there a great crowd? A. Not so much as usual, being wet; I was in plain clothes—I asked the prosecutrix what she had in her pocket, and she directly said, "Two penny-pieces"—she did not say she had not lost anything—the station is in the centre of the fair. JAMES WILLIAM CROUCH (policeman, R 118). I was with Powell, in private clothes—I saw Allen put his hand into the prosecutrix's pocket, take something out, and give it to Johnson, who closed one hand, and passed it to the other—Powell caught hold of it, and he dropped two pence (produced)

Cross-examined. Q. Did you hear the woman say she had nothing in her pocket to lose? A. No; she said she had two penny-pieces and a 4d-piece, and she lost the penny-pieces.





ANN FERRIER
 I was at Greenwich fair—Powell spoke to me—I put my band into my pocket, and missed two old penny-pieces—these are them—I had a 4d.-piece in paper—I did not lose that.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you know they were safe? A. About a quarter-past two o'clock—the policeman spoke to me about three—my mother was with me.





JOHN ARMSTRONG
 (City policeman, 33). I produce a certificate of Allen's conviction here (read—Convicted Nov., 1849, of stealing a handkerchief; confined nine months)—I was present—he is the person.





JOHN PEARCE
 (policeman, F 140). I produce a certificate—(read—Clerkenwell; James Kelly, convicted June 1850, of stealing a handkerchief; confined nine months)—I was present—Johnson is the person.

ALLEN†—


GUILTY
 Aged 19.

JOHNSON†—


GUILTY
 Aged 26.) 



Transported for Seven Years


