





858. 




THOMAS M'CARTHY,


 JOHN M'CARTHY
, and 




PATRICK MALONEY



, feloniously cutting and wounding 



John Rourke, with intent to do him grievous bodily harm.


MR. RIBTON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN ROURKE
. I live at Isleworth. On Sunday evening, 16th March, I went from Isle worth to New Brentford, between six and seven o'clock—I went into the Red Lion-yard to see my brother—there were people walking about the yard—I did not see the prisoners there—at a little after seven, I was standing out in the road, and Maloney came up and hit me with his fist—then four women came up, and pulled my hair—I afterwards saw John M'Carthy—he hit me with a brick on the front of the head; be flung it at me—I could not get away—I saw Thomas M'Carthy there, and he flung a brick and hit me on the side of the head with it, after I had been struck with the other—they were pulling and hauling me about—I made my way to the Town Hall, and put my hand out—I do not recollect anything more.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. There was a row in the street? A. Yes, a great one; I could not say how many people were there—I was standing looking on—I did not interfere—I do not know whether there were two of different counties—I do not know that they all appeared nearly drunk—I was not drinking at all—I do not know that my brother belonged to any faction—I did not challenge Maloney to fight outside the house—he did not refuse—I did not knock him down—I did not hang my coat on the Tows Hall railing, and when Maloney got up, attack him again—I took off my coat to save myself, and gave it to a little girl, but not that I might fight better. Q. Were you not fighting with Maloney, and was not he down underneath you? A. No, Sir; Maloney and I fell together when be first hit me; he was not under me—Thomas M'Carthy did not come up and get Maloney away from under me—I did not strike Thomas M'Carthy and knock him down—I saved myself as well as I could—I struck back again after he struck me—I do not know whether there were thirty fights in the street, or whether they made a great noise; I heard a scream—I do not know whether there were as many as 300 persons, or whether Thomas M'Carthy came up after I had been returning the blow to Maloney; I did not see him—M'Carthy did not touch me at all till after Maloney had hit me and I had hit him again—I was not above five minutes at the place—I had been ten minutes or a quarter of an hour with my brother in the house—he lives in the Red Lion-yard—it does not belong to the public-house; it is at the back.

MR. RIBTON. Q. When you came to the Red Lion, the fighting was

not going on? A. No; it was after I came out that the row commenced—I was sitting for ten minutes or a quarter of an hour inside my brother's house—I heard a noise and cams out, and then this took place—Maloney struck me first—I took no part in the row—I only saved myself.





CHARLES BLAKE
 (policeman, T 177). On Sunday, 16th March, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I was on duty, and heard screams in the market-place—I went and saw the prisoners, and a great many others, fighting—I tried to get them away, and could not—I sent for more instance—before assistance came I taw Thomas M'Carthy with a knife; like this, in his hand, stabbing Rourke—this knife was picked up—I saw Maloney holding Rourke by the collar, and Rourke fell—Thomas M'Carthy stabbed him once before he fell, and once afterwards—Thomas M'Carthy turned round, saw me, and tried to escape—I took him—I did not see John M'Carthy at that time—I could not identify him.

Cross-examined. Q. Was there a great row? A. There was—I mean to say that I saw distinctly and clearly Thomas McCarthy strike Rourke on the head with an open knife, when he was standing up and when he was down—the first time I could not see distinctly that it was a knife, but when he fell I could—as soon as Thomas saw me he turned to go away—I followed, and took him—I did not like to take him in the crowd, as I had no assistance.





JOHN BRADSHAW
. On Sunday evening, 16th March, I was near the market-house, about seven o'clock—there were a great number of persons there—I did not know Rourke at that time—I saw two men fighting one, I could not say it was Rourke—I taw Thomas M'Carthy amongst the rest—a man came up to me and said, "Bradshaw, he has got a knife"—I then saw a knife in his hand—he reached over the heads of the two men that were fighting, and struck the third person with the knife—they were then all standing—I went up and took Thomas by the collar, and said, "Don't do that again, for God's sake"—he then went back and struck over their beads again with it—I think the man he struck was then little on the bend—the policeman came up, and I called his attention to it.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you on an omnibus? A. No, I was standing—I should think there were from 300 to 400 persons fighting—they were by the shop-shutters, and I was on the kerb—I was a stranger to all the parties—I think I was there a quarter of an hour—nothing Happened after the policeman came up.





WILLIAM WEBSTER
. I am a surgeon, of Isleworth. On Sunday evening, 16th March, I was sent for to Rourke—I found him sitting in a chair, with several incised wounds in his scalp, made with a knife, or some cutting instrument—there were four wounds it the back of the bead, and two on the top, which were more severe than the others—they were about an inch and a half long—there was a contused wound on the side of hit neck—they had been bleeding profusely—they were not bleeding then—was a week under my treatment.

Cross-examined. Q. They were not dangerous? A. No; not likely to disable a man for life. Witnesses for the Defence.






BRIDGET COLLINS
. I live at Brentford. On Sunday, 16th March, about seven o'clock in the evening, or a little after, I saw some persons coming out of the Red Lion—John M'Cartby came out first, and then Rourke, with others—I saw John McCarthy struck by Rourke's brother

and two friends, and then Rourke struck Thomas McCarthy and fall'd him, (knocked him down)—there were a good many other persons there—Thomas M'Carthy was fall'd three times—I suppose Rourke is the stronger of the two—I saw no knife—Rourke went away and came in with Maloney and struck him—Maloney did not strike Rourke before Rourke struck him—Rourke fall'd Maloney; Maloney was under him—Thomas M'Carthy lifted him up, and Rourke and Maloney went to the Town-hall paling, and Rourke's brother was going to pull Maloney's eve out, and he called to him not to pull his eye out—I did not see any more.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. You did not take any part in the row? A. No; there were women looking by, they did not take any part—I did not see any woman following Rourke, or pulling his hair—I first saw Rourke strike Thomas M'Carthy, who had not done anything before that—they came out in a quite friendly way, and Rourke struck him with his fist—I saw Thomas M'Cartby by the Town-hall—I did not see him strike Rourke; I did not see a policeman there—Rourke was fighting with Maloney when Thomas M'Carthy attempted to hit him—he was hitting him with his shut fist—if he had had a knife I should hire seen it, for I was the next body to him; I could not be nearer—he struck him on the back of the head three times—I did not see Rourke on the ground; he fell upon Maloney—Thomas M'Carthy was just standing by, and he lifted Maloney up, and they both got up together—he did not do anything to Rourke—I am not married—I have been living in Brentford since last March twelvemonths—I am not related to these parties; they were none of them nothing to me—I am not in service; I do work in the ground—I heard afterwards that Rourke had been cut.





JOHANNA KELLY
. I am married—I live in the Red Lion-yard—I went in the public-house that night—I saw Maloney, M'Carthy, and Rourke—Rourke was standing on the floor—I saw Thomas M'Carthy and his party go out of the Red Lion—they all went out together—after they were gone, Rourke's party went out—I did not see Rourke go out—I saw his brother go.





THOMAS HILL
. I live at Brentford. I was near the Three Pigeons—I had seen Thomas M'Carthy and Rourke that night—when I went into the Red Lion there were twenty-five or twenty-six persons—I saw the party that Thomas M'Carthy drank with—they all got up qnite contented to go home—then Rourke, and the party that he drank with, came out, leaving their beer on the table, and two of the party laid hold of John M'Cartby by the collar—he refused fighting—he said, "It is Sunday night; I don't want no bother nor row "—one of the party insisted he should fight—he said no, if he liked to fight he should come to him the next morning—he said no he should fight him at the present time; and a young woman came up and told him to go home, and then that party struck the young woman and knocked her down—I went down the street, and saw Rourke strike Thomas M'Carthy—he fell down, and dropped his hat off his head—I then heard a woman by the Red Lion cry "Murder!"—I came back, and did not see any more of them—I never saw Thomas M'Carthy drunk, he is quite a harmless man.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. I suppose you were quite quiet in the public-house? A, Yes; I was not there long—there was rowing at all that I could see—the Three Pigeons is a little distance from the Red Lion—Thomas M'Carthy did not strike Rourke at the time I saw

him—he had nothing in his hand that I saw—I saw Rourke strike Thomas M'Carthy and knock him down—I then heard a cry of "Murder!" near the Red Lion, and I west up there—I did not take any part in it—they are just alike to me—I am a bricklayer's labourer—I have not been in much trouble, I have a little—I was tried for wheeling a barrow on the foothpath; that was the only time—I was never tried for an assault—I have been in Brentford nearly four years—I came from Cork.





JOHN HALL
. On this Sunday night I went into the Red Lion for a pint of beer—Thomas M'Carthy was there—then Rourke's party came in, and they took different sides of the table—one of the party named Hickey said he would fight the best man in the room—they then got up, and went out—Hickey followed M'Carthy out—Rourke was in the Red Lion—I did not see him afterwards—I have known the prisoners three years and a half—they bear the characters of quiet, honest men.

THOMAS M'CARTHY—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


MALONEY—



GUILTY
of an Assault.
 Aged 28.—



Confined Eighteen Months.


JOHN M'CARTHY—


NOT GUILTY
.
