



302. 




CHARLES SLOUGH
,

 stealing a gelding, price 6l.; the property of 



Edward Biggs.






JOHN THORNETT
. I am in the service of Mr. Edward Biggs, of Willesden. He had a black gelding with a white mark down his face, which I saw safe in his field on Sunday 16th Dec. at four o'clock in the afternoon—there were two gates to the field, one was locked, and the other was fastened by a chain, and a T link and three rings—I went to the field at five, and missed the gelding—the gate had been unfastened—the horse had lost a shoe—I tracked it to Highgate toll-bar, and there found the policeman with the prisoner and the horse—the prisoner has worked for Mr. Biggs five years, and had left three weeks before this, through misconduct.





WILLIAM EARDLEY
. On 16th Dec, between fire and half-past five o'clock, I was passing along Mill-lane, about one hundred yards from the prosecutor's field, and saw the prisoner on a horse—I wished him good night, he muttered so that I could not understand him, which gave me suspicion that he had come wrongly by the horse, and I gave information—there was no saddle on the horse, I did not notice whether he had a bridle—it was a black horse with a white graze down the face.





HENRY EDWARDS
 (policeman, S 128). On Sunday 16th Dec., I was on duty in Maiden-lane, Holloway—about half-past six o'clock I saw the prisoner leading a horse—I asked whether it was his—he said, "No"—I asked whose it was—he said it belonged to Mr. Smith, of Stockwell Mills, St. Albans—I asked where he was going to take it to—he said to the backer's in Maiden-lane—I asked the name of the knacker, he said he did not know—I suspected it was wrong, and took him to the station—he there said Mr. Smith had given him 5s. to take it to the knacker's, but be did not know the name—next day I found it belonged to the prosecutor—Maiden-lane is nearly five miles from Willesden.

Prisoner's Defence. I never took the horse out of the field.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

