



1673. 




WILLIAM FALL



, stealing 1 copper boiler, value 10s.; the goods of 



Samuel Holland, fixed to a building: having been before convicted.






SARAH HOLLAND
. I am the wife of Samuel Holland, of Eden-grove, Wandsworth—he has four cottages in York-street, Battersea-fields, Nos. 5, 6, 7, and 8—Mrs. Yates lived at No. 6, and left on Thursday week—I know this boiler (produced)—it is my husband's property—I saw it safe last Friday week, in the kitchen of No. 6, and fixed with bricks and mortar—I missed it at ten next day (Saturday)—the prisoner works next door, at No. 5—he came over into the yard, on the Friday, after I had seen the copper safe, and proffered to fasten up the kitchen door and back-door.

Prisoner. You asked me to do it. Witness. No, I did not.





MARY YATES
. I occupied No. 6—I frequently used the copper; this produced is it—it was burnt on one side, and marked V 8.

Prisoner. The policeman told you to say that. Witness. No, he did not—the prisoner was in the habit of going in and out the back-yard more than we wished.





WILLIAM WESTON
 (policeman, L 65). About half-past ten on Saturday night, I saw the prisoner go into No. 3, Windmill-street, with a sack on his back containing something—I followed him into the house, and asked what he had got—be said "Nothing"—I said, "What have you got in the sack?"—he said, "Only a copper"—I asked where he got it from—he said he brought it from home—I asked where he lived; he said, "24, Whitehorse-street"—he came out of the place, and I asked him if he was sure he brought it from

home—he said, yes, if I went with him I should find it was so—he afterwards said he bought it of two men in Lambeth-walk—I asked if he knew the men he said, "No"—I then took him into custody.

Prisoner. I never heard talk of a witness swearing to a prosecutor's property.





CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
 (police-sergeant, L 8). I produce a certificate—(read—William Fall convicted here on his own confession, Jan. 1849,and confined six months)—I was present—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

