




1172. 




JAMES WILLOCK
 and 




JOSEPH LOOSEY



, feloniously breaking and entering the warehouse of 



Vincent Robert Alfred Brooks, and stealing 284lbs. of waste-paper, value 2l. 10s.; his goods: to which


LOOSEY pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—



Confined Three Months.


MR. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.






VINCENT ROBERT ALFRED BROOKS
. I am a stationer and embosser, of 421, Oxford-street. Loosey was in my employ three or four years, up to 21st May—Willock was in the habit of coming to the shop for waste-paper—I have a loft in Sutton-place, where I had waste-paper in bags—on 21st May the two keys of the warehouse were hanging in their usual place—Loosey's time for coming to the shop was seven o'clock—on 21st May I was told something, and went to the warehouse at five or ten minutes past six in the morning, but found no one there; they had gone then—I believe this half-hundred weight of paper to be mine—it must have come from my ware-house—it is the same kind—I contract with the Post-office for it—they are advices from one postmaster to the other—it is worth 12s. or 13s.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Willock has been in the habit of buying such paper of you? A. Yes; the last time was about a fortnight before—I thought his character good, or I should not have dealt with him.





WILLIAM DICKER
. I am foreman to Mr. Brooks. On 21st May, a little after six in the morning, I went round the back way to the shop—the loft is behind the shop—I saw Loosey in the loft, putting up waste-paper by the pulley and bag—he had no business there at that time that I am aware of—a cart was under the loft window, and Willock was standing receiving the paper—I saw one bag come down; it fell on the pavement instead of going into the cart—at the moment of Loosey seeing me he seemed confused—I know he saw me; he looked at me—there were six or seven bags in the cart—I said to Loosey, in Willock's hearing, "Is Mr. Brooks there?"—he said, "No"—I said, "Have you seen him?"—he said, "No"—I said, "How did you get the keys?"—he said, "I got them last night"—I then left, believing everything was right—Willock called me back, and said he wanted to speak to me—Loosey was near enough to hear—he was exactly in the same position—I asked Willock if he wanted me—he said, "No, the boy wants you," pointing to Loosey—I asked Loosey what he wanted—he said, "Oh, Mr. Dicker, we are here an hour too early"—I said, "Mr. Brooks will be rather pleased than otherwise at your being here early"—I then went into the shop, and told Mr. Brooks what I had seen, and when I came back both prisoners had gone—there were thirty tons of paper in the loft—a small quantity would not be missed—I have not the least doubt about this being the paper.

Cross-examined. Q. And the kind of paper Mr. Brooks was in the habit of selling? A. Yes; it is about 200 yards from the warehouse to Mr. Brooks's house—you can go the back way.





CHARLES WEBB
 (policeman, C 18). On 21st May, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I went with Loosey to Willock's house—there is a stable there, and a loft above it; I believe they are Willock's apartments—a voice came from the loft—I said, "Come down"—Willock came and opened the door—I asked him where the paper was that he had brought home that morning—he said he had brought no paper home—I said he was charged with stealing paper from Mr. Brooks—he said he had stolen no paper, and he had brought no paper home—I said he must come to the station—we went up to the loft, and I asked Loosey if he saw any paper which had been taken from Mr. Brooks' loft that morning—he pointed out four bags—I and Willock put them in a truck which was in the mews under the loft, and took them to the station.


Cross-examined. Q. Had you had any conversation with Loosey before you went there? A. None at all; I took him into custody—his master was not there—he and his father and Dicker came to the station.





JOSEPH LOOSEY
 (the prisoner). I am sixteen years old, and have been three or four years Mr. Brook's errand-boy. Willock was in the habit of buying waste-paper of my master—he used to bring a cart with him—I saw him at times at the waste-paper warehouse—about three weeks before I was taken, I met him accidentally in Oxford-street—he asked if I could do him a favour by letting him have about a cwt. of paper, as he had customers waiting for it—I told him to come to Mr. Brooks' and get it—he said he could not, because of owing Mr. Brooks 5l. 10s. for paper before, and he was afraid he would not let him have it—he said, "Can't you get it?"—I said, "No, I can't"—he said, "Can't you bring the keys of the warehouse when you come out to dinner, or some mealtime?"—I told him no—he said I could if I liked, and it would much oblige him if I would let him have it—that was at a public-house at the corner of Chapel-street, Oxford-street—about a week afterwards I met him accidentally as I was going to dinner, and he began to ask me again if I could not let him have a cwt. or a couple of cwt. of paper cut—I told him no, the same as before—he said I could if I liked, by bringing the keys out—he asked me what sort of keys they were—I described them, and he said, "I think I have got a key at home just like the little one—a day or two afterwards I met him again in Broad-street, very near teatime—he showed me a key, and asked me if it would open the door—I looked at it, and said I thought it would, and it was used afterwards—he said, "Now, you can let me have it, can't you, by leaving the large key unlocked"—he wanted me to let him have it that evening—I said 1 could not—he said, "Will you next looming?"—I said, "No"—he said, "Do;" and he came down to my place 12, King-street, Long-acre, next morning at six o'clock, and wanted me to let him have it then—I said I would not, and he went away, and I went to bed again—in a day or two I saw him again in Broad-street, as I was going home to my meals—he asked me about it again, and I promised to go up to him on Saturday evening—I went, and he gave me the key, and I promised that he could come on the following Tuesday morning—he came—I got the warehouse open with the key he gave me—I was there two or three minutes, when he came with a cart, and I gave him four bags of waste-paper from the warehouse—I let them down the stair by the cart, and removed them, we were then interrupted by Dicker coming.

Cross-examined. Q. Where is the key? A. When I came down, I said, "Here is your key; I have had enough of this"—he said, "You had better keep it"—I said, "No," and chucked it in the road, at the top of Sutton-place—I was never asked about it, it has never been searched for—I did not tell my master all I have told to-day—I recollected the rest in prison—I live with my mother and father—this is the first transaction of the kind I have been engaged in—Willcock had promised to give me something for the paper afterwards, but did not say what—the price of it was 22s. a cwt.—he said he would be as kind to me another time, and he always was very kind when I met him; he used to give me sixpence and a shilling, and beer, when I went out with him, and bread and cheese—no one was in the warehouse but me—I have never had a quarrel with him—he never complained to my father of me, or to my master, to my knowledge—neither of them ever spoke to me about it—I first saw Mr. Brooks on this morning, about half-past eight or a quarter to nine o'clock—I went to the police-station between nice and ten—I know Crawford—I never had a quarrel with Willock in Crawford's presence—he used to be

landlord of the house where I lived—he kept a greengrocer's shop—I left five or six months ago—Willock never threatened to complain to my father of me in Crawford's presence—he never broke a key, and threatened that if I brought any more he would complain of me to my father—I was in the habit of having my matter's keys to go to the warehouse—they were both on a piece of wood—I could not carry them about with me, they always hung behind the counter.

MR. O'BRIEN
called






WILLIAM CRAWFORD
. I have known Willock seven or eight years—I know Loosey—I saw him at Willock's on 4th May—it was very wet, and he waited till Willock came home, and then offered a key to him—Willock asked him what it was—he said it was a key of the warehouse, and that it was to get some paper with—Willock broke it up, and put it on the fixe, and said he should call on Loosey's father and mother.

Cross-examined by
MR. PLATT. Q. Are you a relation of Willock's? A. "No; I am a shoemaker—I went there to dig some potatoes.

WILLOCK—


GUILTY
. Aged 45.—


Transported for Ten Years.

