



344. 




EDWARD STAGGLES



, feloniously shooting at 




Henry Francis Collier Barber, with intent to kill and murder.—2nd COUNT, to do him some grievous bodily harm.


MR. LILLEY
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY FRANCIS COLLIER BARBER
. I am a chemist, and reside at Jamaica Level, Bermondsey, in the parish of St. Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey. On the night of 11th Feb. I was going round my premises with a candle as usual, ahout half-past 10 o'clock; and while passing through the yard of my premises, a quantity of sulphuric and tartaric acid was thrown in my face—it produced most violent pain, and more particularly an irritation of the eye—

it bled for a time—some of the acid went in my mouth, and it put out the candle—I called for another light, and I rushed out at the side door, the only way the person could escape by, and locked the door after me—that was the only door he was likely to get out of; he might have gone a circuitous way round—I ran and washed my eye with water, and went to the bottom of my garden—I called the assistance of Mr. Phillips; he came to my assistance—he remained at the top of the garden, at the great gates leading to the road, in the first instance—I got a light, and searched my premises—I heard a shuffling footstep up stairs, in the top loft—I traced them from floor to floor—I first went in the ground floor, then in the floor above that—I heard the shuffling of feet over my head—I called out to Mr. Phillips that I had them safe, and he might now come to my assistance—I then advanced to the foot of a broad step ladder, leading to the upper floor—there is a trap door in the centre of the building—I advanced to the ladder, and saw some person standing at the top of the ladder, with two pistols in his hand—I had the light in my hand, which I held above my head—the person had the pistols rather crossways in his hands—they appeared to me to be in this position (crossing his hands), but the light was indistinct; I could not see exactly—on setting my foot on the first step of the ladder, the prisoner was at the top and fired—the ladder was from seven to eight feet long—the floors are the height of sugar baker's floors, seven feet high—I can undertake to say that the pistol which was fired was loaded with something; that which it was loaded with struck the candlestick out of my hand, and knocked a piece off my fore-finger—the ball struck me on the forehead, and went through the hair of my head—my hand was at that time holding the light above my head—I had a brass chamber candlestick in my hand—I persisted in going up the ladder, and the prisoner fired a second pistol—the contents of that went down my back, making a superficial wound as it passed, passing through my shirt and outer garments—it broke the skin—I cannot say how deep it was—I could not see it myself, being at the back of my shoulder—I believe it was but slight—I went up the ladder to the floor, and secured the prisoner—I took the two pistols from him—I delivered him to the policeman, who had by that time arrived—these (produced) are the pistols I took from the prisone; they had been recently fired—they have percussion locks—I was present when the prisoner was searched: a sort of steel box was found on him, a few caps, some pieces of lead, and a few watch keys—the policeman took possession of the box and other things, and I handed these pistols to him—these caps were not tried by me, nor I do not know that they were tried in my presence.

Cross-examined by
MR. DEARSLEY. Q. At the time the pistol was fired you were going up the ladder? A. I was; I had merely one foot on it—the wounds were not of that nature that I was obliged to have medical aid—they were merely grazes—at the time the prisoner fired he was not more than a yard from me—the ladder is about seven feet high; I stood with one foot on it—I went and washed away what was thrown in my face immediately—it was a mixture of sulphuric acid and tartaric acid, in a state of composition.

COURT. Q. Is that used in your manufactory? A. Yes; there was a mixture of that there, which a person could have access to—the prisoner had been employed by me, but was not at that time—he had left of his own accord—he informed me that he had got a better situation.

MR. DEARSLEY. Q. There was no ill-feeling between you? A. Not the slightest—previous to this he had borne a respectable character—his father was an old servant of mine many years—when I heard the shuffling of feet up stairs, I fancied at the time that it sounded like the feet of more than one

person—there was an exit by a circuitous route, by which a person might have left the place—I do not know that when the prisoner was in my service he used to have pistols to amuse himself; I should not have allowed it for an instant.





ALFRED PHILLIPS
. I live at Jamaica Level, Bermondsey; I am a gardener. On 11th Feb. about half-past 10 o'clock in the evening, I heard a cry for assistance come from Mr. Barber's premises—I saw Mr. Barber and I went to him—I remained outside a short time, and I afterwards went on the premises—I followed Mr. Barber through the lower part of the factory—I went up stairs—Mr. Barber went up to the middle floor of the factory, and as he was about to put his foot, or had put his foot on the lower round of the ladder to go to the upper floor, a pistol was fired from the upper floor—I saw some person standing on the top of the ladder, which I ultimately found to be the prisoner—after the firing of the first pistol Mr. Barber proceeded to go up the ladder, and as he was ascending a second pistol was fired in the same direction—Mr. Barber instantly flew up the ladder, and got the prisoner—I assisted in securing him; he had the two pistols in his hand—they were taken away from him—I looked at them; they looked as if they had been recently fired—I handed the prisoner over to the policeman.





JOHN CARTHY
 (policeman, M 226). About half-past 10 o'clock at night, on 11th Feb., I went to Mr. Barber's premises—I saw the prisoner there; he was given into custody by Mr. Barber—Mr. Barber told me, in his presence, that he had thrown acid into his face, and had fired two shots, and said, "Is not this a hanging matter?"—the prisoner said be could hang well—on the way to the station, a female, whom I did not know, gave me this black mask—the prisoner saw it in my possession, and he said, "It is mine; I threw it away"—when the female brought it me she said she had picked it up in the road, and she saw the prisoner throw it away—I produce this steel box, I found it on the prisoner, it had tobacco in it; and I found on his person five percussion caps, four pieces of lead, and some watch keys—they were all in one pocket, I believe his trowsers pocket—I saw this bullet picked up on Mr. Barber's premises; it was lying on the floor, in the middle floor of the warehouse—I saw it found by a young man, a friend of Mr. Barber's—it has been in my possession ever since.

Cross-examined. Q. Was that on the floor above the ladder? A. It was; the floor on which Mr. Barber was standing—there are two ladders, one from the bottom to the second floor, and then one to another floor—this was not on the floor above the second ladder—I know the floor Mr. Barber was on when he was shot at, it was at the bottom of the ladder on that floor.

COURT. Q. How far from the foot of the ladder was this bullet found? A. On one side of it; I suppose a yard, or a yard and a half from it, it might be—I examined the premises to see if there were any marks of a bullet; I did not find any—I looked on the same floor where I found this—I looked all over every place down below—I examined the wall on the opposite side—we examined the walls and the partition, and found no mark.





HENRY MIDDLETON
 (police sergeant, M 2). I have a knowledge of firearms—about an hour and a half after the prisoner was locked up thia bullet was shown to me; it is lead—it had been recently fired off—it had a dampness about it, and smelt of fire.

COURT. Q. Is not the effect of firing a bullet to flatten it? A. No; it may go through a person and not flatten it—I have been in the army, and have had five wounds.

MR. LILLEY. Q. Was the prisoner brought to the station? A. He was

—the constable, Carthy, produced two pistols to me, in presence of the prisoner—he asked me if they had been recently fired, and fired with ball—I said I could not tell whether they had been loaded with ball, but I believed they had been recently fired—the prisoner immediately said, "Yes, they were fired, and both loaded with ball."

Cross-examined. Q. Were you before the Magistrate? A. Yes; I made this statement before the Magistrate.

COURT
to
JOHN CARTHY. Q. Were you the policeman who asked that question? A. Yes; I did not tell that, because I thought I would leave it to the sergeant—I heard the prisoner say what has been stated.

COURT
to
ALFRED PHILLIPS. Q. Did you see a wound on Mr. Barber's back? A. I did; it was about two inches long, and one inch broad—I examined these clothes in Mr. Barber's own house—here is a hole in the collar of this frock dress, over the left shoulder, and one lower in the back—I have his shirt here—here is blood on it, and a hole.

COURT
to
MR. BARBER. Q. Where did this blood come from, on the front of the shirt? A. I presume from my finger; and this behind is blood from the wound in my back.

Q. Was there any mark on the lower part of your clothes where anything came out? A. No, not below the shirt—I had a waistcoat on beside this shirt and frock—the waistcoat is not here—I never thought of it—there would doubtless be a hole in it—I did not see these things at the time they were taken off—I was stripped in my drawing-room—I was bathing my eye and face—I was in extreme agony.




GUILTY
on the Second Count.
 Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.

