



647. 




MARY AGAN



, feloniously uttering a forged order for 2l., knowing it to have been forged.


MR. BIRNIE
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES FIELDING
. I am a butcher, at 8, Brownlow-street, Dalston. I knew the prisoner, as servant to Mrs. Pryor, a customer of mine—on 25th May she came to my shop, said she wanted two chops, and gave me this check—(read—"Union Bank of London. Pay 2l. to—, or bearer,—Signed. Isabel Pryor.")—I gave her the change, 1l. 19s. 4d.—I paid the check away in Smithfield on the following Friday, and it came back marked, as being forged—I went to the prisoner's mistress, and charged the prisoner with it, she denied it, and I gave her into custody.

Prisoner. I own I changed the checks; they were given me by the charwoman, Mrs. Tenpenny. Witness. I know the charwoman; she goes occasionally to Mrs. Pryor's—she was not with the prisoner when she changed the checks.





ISABEL PRYOR
. I am a widow, and live at Dalston; the prisoner was in my service. I deal with Mr. Fielding, the butcher—I have an account with the Union Bank of London—the signature to this check is not mine, and I did not authorise the prisoner, or any one, to sign it—I have sent checks by the prisoner to Mr. Fielding, but at this time I did not owe him anything—I have missed four blank checks from my check book, they have been torn out entirely, but the figures on these correspond with my book—on 12th May I left my check book lying on the drawing room table—I believe this check to be in the prisoner's writing.

COURT. Q. Do you sometimes employ Mrs. Tenpenny? A. Yes; but I did not at this time.





SAMUEL CRISP
 (policeman, N 226). The prisoner was given into my custody on 31st May, by Mr. Fielding—when the charge was entered against her at the station, she denied knowing anything about it—I produce the check—I received it from Mr. Fielding.

Prisoner's Defence. Mrs. Tenpenny tore them out, and told me to change them, and I gave her the money.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner for a like offence.)
