



984. 




WILLIAM RIX



, breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



Mary Ann Lamb, and stealing therein 5 coats, and other articles, value 20l.; the goods of 



Henry Delmar Van Toll. 



MR. COOPER


conducted the Prosecution.






MARY ANN LAMB
. I am a widow, of 2, Stoneleigh-cottages, Twickenham. On Sunday evening, 17th Oct., about a quarter past 6 o'clock, I left my house; the two back doors were bolted with two bolts on each door—I let myself out at the front door, which has a spring lock; I am sure I shut it; I pushed it with my hand—I took the key with me, and left no one in the house—I returned in about twenty minutes, and saw a light in my bedroom—I went to Mr. M'Crae, next door, and asked him to come with me—I do not know whether he went in; I stopped in the garden, and he went to the house—I went in about twenty minutes afterwards, and found my clothes lying on the floor of my bedroom, and a drawer broken open, in which I kept the articles I have lost—I had seen them there that day; they belonged to my son in law.





ANDREW M'CRAE
. I am a draper, and live at Stoneleigh-cottages, next door to Mrs. Lamb. She came to my parlour window that evening, about twenty

minutes to 7 o'clock—I went out and saw a light in her bedroom—I sent my wife for assistance to one place, and my servant to another—I stayed there some time, till assistance came—a noise was made outside, and the light was put out—I went round to secure the two back doors, and the back part of the house; I stopped there some time, and the door was tried to be opened from the inside; and after that the light appeared at the window over the door, and the curtain was pulled on one side, and then there was a second attempt to open the door—my wife came round and told me something—I left two of the neighbours, one at each door, and went round in front and heard some one say, "Fire!"—I saw a poker between the doorpost and the door, to force it open, as it was being held—several stood outside the door, but they heard "Fire!" called inside, gave way, and a man came out and passed me; then a second man came out, who I seized; it was the prisoner—he struck me with a poker over the right hand before I got hold of him—that was because I tried to get hold of the poker, and then he struck me across the jaw—I retained him; he had a crowbar, or jemmy, in his hand—next morning I found a skeleton key in the next door garden; the police sergeant tried it to Mrs. Lamb's door in my presence, and it fitted—I found this jemmy (produced) just outside the front door.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLAANTINE. Q. Am I to understand you never let go of the prisoner at all? A. Yes, but he did not get away; Green and other parties there had him as well—I seized him before anybody else; I am quite sure of that—he was coming out of the house—Green was close, handy—I am sure the prisoner is the person who came out—it was a dark night—I lost sight of the prisoner before he was given into custody, because I went inside the house after he was secured by those I knew, but I remember him perfectly well by his appearance—there were plenty of lights—I found no one in the house, but there had been some one close by—the back part of the house was open, and at the time the prisoner came out I saw a third party behind.





JAMESH GREEN
. I am private watchman to the Dowager Duchess of Northumberland, and live at Isleworth. On Sunday evening, 17th Oct., about 20 minutes to 7 o'clock, I was called by Mr. Tutton, of the Anchor Brewery—I followed him to Mrs. Lamb's house—I was told there was some one there, and I put my foot against the front door post, and laid hold of the knocker—some young men laid hold of the door—I heard some one inside unlock the door, and try to get out—I held on, but some person got this poker (produced) between the door and the door post—I tried to get it back again—the man that had the poker in his hand said twice, "D—n your eyes, shoot;" and as he said that, the two young men who had hold of the door ran away—they were stronger inside than I was—they wrenched the door open, and pulled the door towards them, and two men rushed out—as they came out, this poker, which was in one of their hands, poked me in the chest—I got one by his coat, and the other by his collar—the first one got away—I held the second one by the collar, till several persons sang out that he was a young man well respected, and a neighbour; and I let him go, and assisted in taking another, who was in the yard—the one I had by the coat, and who got from me, did not get away from the premises—somebody else stopped him, and I helped to take him—the prisoner is the man—I am positive of it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you catch hold of the person who had the poker? A. Yes; I was the first person who caught hold of him—M'Crae caught hold of him, but not till I had let him go—we might hare both caught hold

of him at one time—I was not at the back of the house at all—I kept hold of the prisoner's collar, and the police came and took him from me—there were more laid hold of him than me; one was a mason—the prisoner is the person whose coat tail I caught hold of—he wriggled himself away—a woman had hold of him when I went to her assistance—I may have lost sight of him while I had hold of the other by the collar; I cannot say whether I did—when I caught hold of him again, a woman had hold of him, and soma men as well.

MR. COOPER. Q. M'Crae stood close to you when the men came out of the house? A. Yes; I laid hold of the knocker with both hands, and cannot say who was behind me, but I suppose there were a score of people there—I believe the prisoner got six feet from me at the furthest.





MARY DART
. I live at the Mulberry Tree, which is near Mrs. Lamb's. On Sunday evening, 2nd Oct., I heard a report, and went to Mrs. Lamb's; it is a cottage with a small garden in front, which is entered by a gate—as soon as I entered the gate, I saw a man open the door from within, with a candle in his hand; he had a very long sharp nose—he closed the door—my husband called to two young men who were passing, to hold the door, so that they could not get out, while he went round to the back—a short time afterwards I saw that the light was out, and in a short time afterwards I saw it again—the door was then opened, and the first person I saw was the prisoner and then another man, and, I fancied, a woman—that was at the time the people were pulling as the door—the prisoner came out first; that was the first time I had seen him—Mr. M'Crae and a roan named Green took him—directly the door opened, they called out, "Shoot, fire!"—the police came, and the prisoner was given into custody—I entered Mrs. Lamb's house, and picked up a gold pin; the house appeared a little disordered, and I saw a large writing desk that had been broken open.

Cross-examined. Q. I understand the person you saw with the light was not the prisoner? A. No; in the confusion I cannot exactly say who the other man who came out was, but I saw them both together, and I lost sight of the other: but Mrs. Hogg seized him, and I took hold of him behind; he said, "Let me go, I am well known, now is time for the police;" or, "I will see for the police," and he got away—I was able to see the prisoner so as to say he is the man.





JAMESH CHANDLER
 (policeman, N 322). I received information, went to Mrs. Lamb's, and found the prisoner in custody of another constable—I went upstairs, and found a trunk standing open in the bedroom.





WILLIAM BUTCHER
 (policeman, V 17). I went to Mrs. Lamb's house twice; the second time two skeleton keys were given to me by M'Crae, and I found two more in the garden—I tried them to the doors, and they fitted and opened them—I put the jemmy to the marks on the drawers, and it corresponded exactly with the indents.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.

