



817. 




WILLIAM BRYANT



, stealing 16s. and 1 purse, value 2s.; the property of 



Ann Collins, from her person.


MR. HORRY
conducted the Prosecution.






ANN COLLINS
. I am a widow, and live at 44, Holy well-street, Strand. On 3rd Aug., about 11 o'clock at night, I was coming down Snow-hill with my niece, and felt a tug at my pocket—I made an observation to my niece, put my hand in my pocket, and missed my purse, which contained about 15s.—I have not seen it since—I turned round, saw the prisoner, and followed him into a public house at the corner of Newcastle-street, and collared him—the landlord sent for a policeman, and I gave him into custody—when he made the tug I saw his hand pass in pocket.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. What business do you carry on? A. I am a laundress—the public house was about half a dozen yards from where I felt the tug—I saw the prisoner's hand pass from my side very close to me—there was another man behind him, who ran away when I turned round—they were the only persons near me—the prisoner did not have to cross the road to this public house—I did not lose sight of him for a moment—I did not see him speak to any one; if he had spoken to any one I must have seen it.

COURT. Q. Was there any other person near enough to put their hand into your pocket? A. No; the other person was between me and my niece—he was not near enough to have his hand in my pocket—my pocket is on the right side of my dress, and the prisoner was on my right side, and the other person on my left, between me and my niece.





MARY ANN TOWNSEND
. I am married, and live at 88, Farringdon-street. I am the last witness's niece—I was with her on this night, coming down Snow-hill, and saw the prisoner and a man behind him at my side—my aunt told me she was robbed—the prisoner was then nearest to us, and the other man ran away—I followed the prisoner with my aunt into a public house, and he was given into custody.


Cross-examined. Q. Was not the other man very close to your aunt too? A. I only saw the prisoner close to my aunt—I did not observe them at all before my aunt was robbed—the prisoner was on my aunt's right side when she spoke to me, and the other man was behind him—he was not on her left side, I was on her left—they were both on my aunt's right side—I saw the prisoner go into the public house, there were no other persons near—the public house was not many yards from where this happened—when my aunt exclaimed she was robbed, he passed in very quickly, and tried to push behind the bar, but the landlord pushed him out.





JOSEPH BRUNSDEN
 (City-policeman, 289). About 11 o'clock on 3rd Aug. I was called into a public house at the corner of Newcastle-street, and the prisoner was given into my custody, charged with having robbed the prosecutrix—I searched him at the station, and found on him a counterfeit coin, and a bad halfpenny (produced).

Cross-examined. Q. Do you call this a bad halfpenny? A. A counterfeit sort of halfpenny—I consider it is counterfeit. (The coin in question was a French copper coin.)





GUILTY
.
(The prisoner was further charged with having been before convicted.)





JOHN CARPENTER
 (police-sergeant, R 38). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction—(read—William Bryan convicted at the Central Criminal Court, June, 1850, of stealing a purse from the person—confined one year)—the prisoner is the person—he had been convicted before that, but the certificate was not produced.


GUILTY.** Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

