



839. 




JAMES TAYLOR



, robbery on 



Charles Bowers, and stealing from his person, 1l. 4s. in money; his property.


MR. METCALFE
conducted the Prosecution.






CHARLES BOWERS
. I am a painter, and live at Vauxhall On Saturday night, 25th July, I was going along Albert-street, London-road, a little after 12 o'clock—I saw a woman, she asked me if I wanted to go with her—I said, "No," I had a wife of my own—she made a sort of screech, and the prisoner and a tall man ran across the road—the tall man held his hand over my mouth, and his other hand at the back of my head—the prisoner struck me over the eye, and kicked me—I had a load with me in a basket, sugar and tea and other things, and I fell down—the man still held his hand over my mouth, that I should not halloo—the prisoner kicked me before I fell down—when I was down the other man held his hand on my mouth, and the prisoner kneeled on my knees—I was lying sideways on the ground—the prisoner said, "Let us do for him"—the woman searched

my left hand pocket, and the prisoner searched my right hand pocket, and tore it inside out—I had 1l. 4s. in silver in a box, in my right hand pocket—the prisoner took the box—he shook it first, and gave it to the woman, and said, "All right?" the woman then ran off with the money—the men let the woman go a certain distance—the man then let go my mouth, and I hallooed out "Police!"—the tall man ran away, and followed the woman—the prisoner ran away, and I ran after him—he ran twenty or thirty yards to the other side of the street, and a policeman came up and took him—I was about a foot or eighteen inches from the prisoner, when he began to run—I kept up close to him—I could almost touch him.

Cross-examined by
MR. LILLEY. Q. This was after 12 o'clock at night?.A. Yes; I do not know Garden-row—I never was up the road before—I had had a pint of beer, and 1d. worth of peppermint—I had not had anything before that—I had left work about half past 8 o'clock—I had come from Sydenham by the train to London-bridge—I had been getting some things, some tea and sugar—I had been to a public house, and I went and had something to eat at a cook's shop—I did not drink anything before I went to the cook's shop—the street I was in is rather dark, there are no shops there—I had not gone far into the street—I might have been four or five houses down—I was struck on the eye, and it bled—I was knocked down, and kicked on the thigh—when they ran across the road, the prisoner struck me—the tall man is not here—the prisoner ran twenty or thirty yards before he stopped—I was bleeding, and felt exhausted.

MR. METCALFE. Q. You were bleeding from the cut over your eye? A. Yes; and the prisoner did that, and also kicked me.





FREDERICK MIDMORE
 (policeman, L 118). I heard some one calling "Police!" and ran into Albert-street, and found the prisoner; the prosecutor was in the act of getting hold of him—the prisoner was holding up his hands to prevent it—the prosecutor said the prisoner had knocked him down, and robbed him of 23s. or 24s. and that there were two others, a woman and a taller man, and the tall man held his mouth while the others robbed him—the prisoner told him to calm himself, and said he knew nothing about it—the prosecutor appeared sober, but he was very weak, and was bleeding from the eye—he said, he had been kicked in the thigh by the prisoner—he went back after his basket—I did not see the basket till he brought it.

Cross-examined. Q. Was this in Garden-row? A. No; in Albert-street—they are all private houses, but there are two lamps twenty-six strides apart.





JAMES NOLAN
 (police sergeant, L 3). The prisoner was brought to the station by the last witness—he said, that he knew nothing about it—I said, "How came that blood on your hand?"—he said, that he put his hand up to keep the prosecutor from rushing at him.





FREDERICK MIDMORE

re-examined. The prisoner put up his hand to keep the prosecutor off, but I could not see whether he touched him—he might have got the blood on his hand at that time.




GUILTY.† Aged 38.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.


