





58. 




WILLIAM WILSON
 and 




GEORGE TODD



, robbery on 



Philip Lockie, and stealing from his person I watch, chain, seal, key, and knife, value 1l. 7s. 6d.; his goods.


MR. CLERK
conducted the Prosecution.






PHILIP LOCKIE
. I am a labourer, and live at Hither-row. On Saturday night, 8th Nov., I was at the Marquis of Granby, Hounslow-heath, drinking with the prisoners—I knew them before—I left them there, and went to the Rose and Crown, where I only had one pint of beer—I left there about 12 o'clock, with Shortland and Issey, and went along the Bath-road—after we had got a little way from Hounslow, I saw both the prisoners behind us—they came up to us, and Wilson said I had stolen a handkerchief, with two half-crowns in it—I told him he was wrong, it was not me—I was not aware one had been lost—Wilson searched me, and then hit me with his fist on the side of my head, as hard as he could, and knocked me down, out of the footpath into the road—Todd was searching one of the boys at the same time—when I got up, I started on again to go home, and the prisoners kept on along with us—they then stopped and searched us all again, and Wilson said, "Let us take him back to Hounslow"—they collared me, brought me back about 200 yards, and told the boys they could go home, and they went on—they then knocked me down again, and Todd took my watch, chain, seal and key, and a knife, from my pocket, while Wilson held me down—they then ran away—I got up and followed them, and when I got within four or five yards of them, Todd turned round, knocked, me down, and kicked me—they then ran away again—I ran after them, overtook them, and they knocked me down again—they ran away again—I ran after them again, they knocked me down again, and kicked me again while I was down—I then lost sight of them—I was knocked down four times—I was quite sober—I had not drank above a pint and a half—I am sure I had my watch at the public-house—I also had 3d. in my pocket, but they did not take that—I gave information on the Sunday morning, and saw Wilson again on the Tuesday morning—I did not see Todd till the following Saturday.

Wilson. Q. When did you first see me on the road? A. About half-past 12 o'clock—I swear you are the person—I have seen yon scores of times at Arlington.

MR. CLERK. Q. How long were you drinking together on the Saturday evening? A. About an hour—we drank out of the same pots—I paid for two pints between the two prisoners and myself—I have no doubt the prisoners are the persons—I knew them before that.





JAMES SHORTLAND
. I live at Hither-row, and work for a farmer there. I was at the Rose and Crown with Lockie and Issey; we left about 12 o'clock—Lockie was not the worse for liquor; he was not at all fresh—we were going along the Bath-road, on our way home, the prisoners came up, and Wilson said there were three chaps who had gone along the Bath-road, and one of them with a red cap had taken a handkerchief out of his pocket with three half-crowns in it—Lockie said he had got no handkerchief; he had heard nothing about it; and Wilson then searched him and Issey, and Todd searched me—Wilson hit Lockie twice on the side of the head, and said they would take us to sergeant Duggins, and have us locked up—we went on a little further, and they stopped and searched us again; and Todd said to Wilson, "Let us take the one in the red cap back to Hounslow"—that was Lockie—and they took him back, told us we might go home, and bid us good night—Issey and I went home—we could not see how far they took Lockie, as it was dark—I know Lockie had his watch and chain, because he

pulled it out when they first searched him—I never saw the prisoners before that night, but I swear they are the men.

Wilson. Q. What time was it when I came up to Lockie and you? A. About half-past 12 o'clock; it was just by the Traveller's Friend—you followed us out of the Rose and Crown.

Todd. Q. Where did you first see me? A. In the public-house, at very near 12 o'clock—it was about half a mile out of Hounslow where you over took us.





WILLIAM ISSEY
. I left the Rose and Crown with Lockie and Shortland, and we went along the Bath-road. The prisoners came up to us, and Wilson said the sergeant had told them there were three chaps gone down the Bath-road, and the one in the red cap had stolen a silk handkerchief out of his pocket—Lockie said he had no silk handkerchief about him, and Wilson searched him—we went on a little further, and Wilson hit Lockie in the head, and knocked him into the road—Lockie got up, and walked with us, and then Wilson knocked him down again—we went a little further, and they searched us again; and Wilson said, "Let us take him with the red cap back to Hounslow"—they took Lockie back, bid us good night, and told us to go home—I saw Lockie's knife and watch, chain, key, and seal, in his hand, when they first came up—I had seen the prisoners that night at the Rose and Crown.

Wilson. Q. Did you see me take the watch out of his pocket? A. No; I saw you knock him down—it was about half-past 12 o'clock.

Todd. Q. What time was it when you first saw me in the town? A. About half-past 11 o'clock; you left the Rose and Crown at the same time that we did, and stood against the door; we went on towards home—you overtook us about half a mile out of Hounslow.





JOHN SCOTNEY
 (policeman, T 18). On the night of 8th Nov., I was on duty at Hounslow, and at a little after 12 o'clock I met the prisoners in the street—I knew Todd, but had never seen Wilson before—I had before that seen the prosecutor and the two boys go down the Bath-road—the prisoners went in the same direction—I am the sergeant on duty at Hounslow—I had not made any charge against three persons who had gone down the road—I said nothing about one of them having taken a handkerchief with three half-crowns; I did not speak to the prisoners—I received information of this robbery from Lockie on the Sunday morning, and in consequence of the description he gave, I apprehended Wilson on the Monday night, at Cranford—Todd was taken on the following Saturday by the parish constable of Burnham.

Todd. How many of us were there when you saw us? I was with my brother, and left him and went home. Witness. The prisoners were walking together, and there were three or four more behind—Todd's brother was on the footpath some distance off Wilson—the prisoners were in the road.

WILSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—



Confined Twelve Months.


TODD—


GUILTY
.
(Todd was further charged with having been before convicted.)





THOMAS PARDY
 (policeman, T 68). I produce a certificate of Todd's conviction (read—Convicted July, 1850—
Confined three months)—I was present—Todd is the person.


GUILTY. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

