



1472. 




JOHN JONES



, stealing 1 coat, value 3l.; the goods of 



William Allen Sumner.






SARAH SAUNDERS
. I am cook to Mr. William Allen Sumner, of Abbey-road, St. John's-wood. On 20th June I saw a shadow of some one in the hall, and found one half of the inner-hall door open, and heard the front-door shut—I saw some one running across the road, and sent two boys after him—I do not know who the person was—I missed my master's coat, which was hanging up in the hall half an hour before—this is it (produced.)

Prisoner. Q. Can you swear it was my shadow? A. No, but it was a person of your stature, and he had something in his hand.





CHARLES VOKINS
. I am page to Mr. Sumner. On the morning of 20th June, I went out for two or three minutes, leaving the front door a little open—three or four minutes after that I saw the prisoner running in the road, with my master's coat on his back—I ran after him—he then ran faster—I missed him for a minute or two, and then saw him come out of the garden of Woodstock-cottage, without the coat—I stopped him, asked him what be had done with the coat—he said he knew nothing about it—I gave him into custody—we went back to the same garden, and found this coat on the grass—it is my master's.

Prisoner. Q. How far off was I when you first saw me? A. Not more

than 200 yards—I saw the coat then—it turned up underneath while you were running, and I could see the blue lining—when I charged you, you coloured up—there is no building going on there.





JAMES JEFFERY
 (policeman, S 225.) On 20th June I was in the Wellington-road, and in consequence of what Vokins told me I went to Wavetley-place, and met the prisoner—Vokins said, in his presence, that he bad stolen his master's coat; the prisoner said he had not, he had come there to look for work—I took him back to Woodstock-cottage, and in the middle of the garden there found this coat.

Prisoner. Q. Is there not building, going on in the neighbourhood? A. Yes.

Prisoner's Defence. I went to the buildings, to see if I could get a job, and as I was coming back the policeman took me.
(The prisoner was further charged with having been previously convicted, to which he pleaded guilty.)




GUILTY
.** Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years
.
