



878. 



BARTHOLOMEW RODNEY SYMONS



. stealing 1 gown, and other articles, value 30s.; the goods of 



Letitia Elizabeth Symons: and 3 gowns, and other articles, value 25s.; the goods of 



Mary Ann Symons.







LETITIA ELIZABETH SYMONS
. I am the sister of the prisoner. On 27th Aug., about 6 o'clock in the evening, he went up stairs to my bed room—he lived in the house, but he had no right up stairs—I had in a box in my bed-room, a gown, a pair of boots, and a paletot—the prisoner was not up stairs five minutes; he came down, and went straight out—I went up stairs directly after he was gone, and missed my dress and boots—I saw them again the next morning—these are them—I live with my mother, Mary Ann Symons,—these other articles are hers—the prisoner had no right to take them—he had never pawned anything with my authority—my mother never gave him leave in my presence, to pawn her things.





AARON HUGHES
 (City-policeman, 345). On Sunday night, the 29th Aug., my attention was called to Maria Lewis; I took from her eight duplicates—Hannah Dee said, in the prisoner's presence, that she gave her this gown to pawn, and she pawned it.





ANN ALLEN
. I live in Newcastle-court. Maria Lewis lodged with me—she is Dee's sister-in-law—I do not know the prisoner.





LETITIA ELIZABETH SYMONS

re-examined. These duplicates were brought to me by Lewis, and I gave them to the policeman.





WILLIAM BENHAM TOMLINSON
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in the Strand. This gown and some other things were pawned with me by Lewis.





FREDERICK BATSMAN
. I am assistant to a pawnbroker. I produce a gown and a sheet—I do not know who pawned them.





EDWARD FATT
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce a gown—I do not know who pawned it.





HANNAH DEE
. The prisoner brought this gown and boots to me—I pawned them, and gave him the money.

Prisoner's Defence. It was my intention to redeem them; I was going to a situation on the following Monday; I told Dee so, if she will speak the truth.




GUILTY
. He was further charged with having been before convicted.






DANIEL MAY
 (City-policeman, 357). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted May, 1851, for stealing 1,200 sheets of printed paper. 
Confined six months)—the prisoner is the person—he had before that been summarily convicted; he was then in custody for burglary—his friends sent him to America—since his return he was taken up with two others, and was acquitted last session.

GUILTY. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

