



531. 




SUSAN HUNN
 was again indicted

 for stealing 2 shirts and other articles, value 19s.; the goods of 



Edward Laing Smith, having been before convicted.


MR. M'MAHON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM HURLOCK
. I am eleven years old; I live with my father, William Hurlock, a hearth-rug weaver in Nottingham-place, Shoreditch. On 11th Jan., I received a bundle of linen from Mrs. Smith, tied up in a towel belonging to 22, Horningford-street—I was going to take it there—as I was going along Maria-street, the prisoner came up to me—she said, "Little boy, will you go to Huntingdon-street for me to get a basket of starched things; I will give you a penny now, and a penny when you come back"—I agreed to go—Huntingdon-street is straight across Kingsland-road, quite straight from where I left the prisoner—she told me to go to the house of a person named Harris, where I should see a cow hanging out—she took my bundle out of my arms, called a little girl who was sitting on the other side of the road, and said, "Will you hold this bundle for the little boy?"—I went to Huntingdon-street—I found the sign of the "Cow," but not the name of "Harris"—I asked at the house for the clothes—they said, "There are no clothes here, go away"—I came back to where I left the prisoner—I knew the spot—I did not find her nor the bundle—the little girl was there—she had not the bundle—she said the woman took it away from her—she was a very little girl, not able to carry it, about five years old—Mr. Smith came up, and I told him—I went to the station, and described the prisoner to Mr. Smith—I saw the prisoner again at Robert-street station—I knew her directly, and have no doubt she is the person—I do not know what was in the bundle; it was in the same state as I received it.

Cross-examined. Q. The house that you went to had the sign that the prisoner told you it had? A. Yes; Mr. Smith had come up, and I had given him a description of her before the policeman came—the prisoner has the same shawl on now that she had then—I also know her by her features—I had never seen her before.

MR. M'MAHON. Q. Was she pointed out to you? A. No, directly I saw her I knew her—she was not in the cell—I have no doubt about her being the same person—the bundle was wrapped in a coarse towel.





EDWARD LAING SMITH
. I am a gas-fitter, of 15, Nottingham-place, Shoreditch. On 11th Jan., my wife sent Hurlock out—he used to go on errands for her—she takes in washing—a person came and told me that the things were stolen—I went and found the boy crying; he gave me a description of the person—next Saturday, 18th Jan., I was in Ivy-lane about half-past one o'clock, and saw the prisoner speaking to a boy who had a basket of clothes—I heard her say, "Leave me your bundle, and I will leave it at the public-house"—he said, "No," and went away—the prisoner's dress answered to the description which had been given me by Hurlock—I went and spoke to the boy—I then went and told the Prisoner to come with me—she said she would not, because I was not a

constable—I gave her in charge to a policeman—she was taken to the station, and Hurlock came and saw her—he had said that she was dressed in a plaid shawl, a light dress, and a white straw bonnet.

Cross-examined. Q. From the description, you thought the prisoner was the woman? A. Yes; I have had no conversation with the prisoner's friends but what I have had here—they asked me if I would speak for her—I did not say yesterday that if I had some money from them I would not prosecute—I did not say anything like that—I said if they had brought the things back again before I went to Worship-street, I might not have gone on with it—I have lost the shirts and things that were in the bundle—they were not mine.





JOHN LONG
 (policeman, N 405). The prisoner was given into my custody by Mr. Smith on 18th Jan.—he said in her presence, "Take this woman to the station, she robbed my little boy this day week in Woolpack-passage of some linen"—she said, "I am quite innocent of the charge; I never took a farthing belonging to any one in my life"—Woolpack-passage is about fifteen yards from Maria-street.





HENRY FINNIS
 (City-policeman 633). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction at this Court by the name of Susan Harris—(read—Convicted Dec. 1849, and confined six months)—she is the person—there are about twelve charges against her now, and seven or eight before for robbing children.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
