



195. 



WILLIAM LOVE



, stealing 19s. 2d. and 1 purse, value 1s. 6d.; the property of 



Sarah Hannah Moseley, from her person.






WILLIAM NIPPRESS
. I am a porter, at the Sussex Hotel, Bouverie-street. On 1st Jan., about 10 minutes to 1 o'clock in the day, I saw the prisoner in Farringdon-street, and saw him put his hand into the prosecutrix's pocket; who was standing with some other women, about eighteen, I suppose—after the prisoner put his hand in her pocket, I saw him put something into his own pocket, but I cannot tell what it was—when he had got about two yards off, I spoke to the prosecutrix—I have sees the prisoner before a great many times, about Farringdon-street—I went after him, but did not catch him.

Prisoner. I was in bed at the time he says I was in Farringdon-street.





SARAH MOSELEY
. I am single, and live on Ludgate-hill. On New Year's day, about 10 minutes to 1 o'clock, I was in Farringdon-street—I had a blue silk purse with steel beads, containing 18s. 1d. at one end, and 1s. and 2 1/2 d. at the other, in my dress pocket on the right side—I had it safe a minute before the alarm was given—I knew nothing of the robbery till the young man told me.





ALFRED GREEN
 (City-policeman, 516). I apprehended the prisoner on Sunday, on Blackfriars-bridge, in consequence of a description and previous knowledge I had of him—I told him what. I took him for—he said he was not in Farringdon-street till about three in the afternoon; he did not get up till 12 o'clock—I found a half crown on him.





JOHN NEAL
. I was with Nippress, and saw the prisoner and prosecutrix—I saw the prisoner with his hand working with the young woman's pocket—when he had got about two yards distance I saw him put something into his coat, but what it was I cannot say—I am positive the prisoner is the person.

The Prisoner called.






MARY LOVE
. I am the prisoner's mother—he lives with me in the Blackfriars-road, and sleeps at home every night—I know nothing about this business; only he was not out of my place till 3 o'clock on Saturday—Saturday was New Year's day, but I did not take particular notice of the day, I am very ailing and very ill, and have been to these eight years—the prisoner gets his living by portering, and gets any jobs he can—he does not stop at home till he is sent for, but goes about to look for jobs, and comes home to his meals—he was out the day before, Friday, but I do not know where he was; he always goes out after breakfast, and comes home to dinner or tea—he went out between two and three on Saturday; it was late when he got up that morning—most days he goes out after breakfast—the day before he went out after breakfast—he came home at teatime on Saturday, between 5 and 6—sometimes we have a dinner and sometimes a tea only, and I stay till teatime, which is generally between 4 and 5 o'clock—I had no dinner on New Year's day—when I do dine it is sometimes at 1 and sometimes at 12 o'clock—he cleaned my place before he went out, on New Year's day—he came home between 5 and 6 o'clock; went out in the evening, came home and went to bed—he did not get up till between 12 and 1 o'clock, and then he cleaned

my place, scrubbed my room—he always cleans my place on Saturday; I am not able, I have had an asthma eight years—I cannot tell what time he came home the day before; he always comes home to his tea—I dare say he went out after tea the day before; he always goes out for an hour or two, and then comes home and goes to bed—he did not stop at home on Thursday; he always goes out every day—he did not stay at home on the Wednesday; he never stops at home all day; he generally goes out after breakfast.





WILLIAM NIPPRESS
 (re-called). I have seen the prisoner two or three dozen times before, about Farringdon-street—I know his person well—I swear he is the man.





JOHN NEAL
 (re-examined). I had never seen the prisoner before, but I am positive he is the man.




GUILTY
. †**—


Transported for Seven Years.

