



522. 




THOMAS COKER



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Eades, and stealing 1 half-sovereign, 1 crown, 26 half-crowns, 60 shillings, and 5 sixpences; his property.


MR. COOPER
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES EADES
. I am a labourer, at Uxbridge. I occupy a house in Windsor-street, which consists of only one room, adjoining a little barn—on the morning of Shrove Tuesday I left my house, and locked the door—I had 7l. there, consisting of one half-sovereign, two holey sixpences, a crown-piece, an old shilling, and the rest was half-crowns and shillings—there was one shilling which I think I had had between three and four years—I left the house at half-past ten o'clock, and returned at a quarter-past eleven—on returning I unlocked the door, and the first thing I saw was a large hole broken through the ceiling—I saw my box broken open, and the money gone—I am sure the shilling produced is the one I lost.

Cross-examined by
MR. WOOLLETT. Q. Your house is in the street, is it? A. No, it is close to the street, up a little alley—there are three or four houses there the same as mine, for one person—there was one half-sovereign, some crowns, and 2holey sixpences among the money—the prisoner's grandmother lives two yards and a half or three yards from me.





MARY ANN BROWN
. I am a widow, and reside at Uxbridge. On this morning Mr. Eades came to my door, and asked what o'clock it was—I told him half-past ten—just after that I saw the prisoner going in the direction of Mr. Eades's house, which adjoins a barn—the roof of the barn is quite hollow all along, and you have to get across a beam which leads on to the roof of the house—the barn belongs to the prisoner's grandmother—when Mr. Eades came back he came to me, and I went back with him, and saw what had occurred.





RICHARD ROADNIGHT
 (police-sergeant, T 11). In consequence of information, I found the prisoner at Windsor, which is between nine and ten miles from where Eades lives—I got there before he came—I went by the rail and he walked, and I caught him as soon as he came—I searched him, and found on him three half-crowns, twenty-four shillings, two sixpences, three halfpence, and this shilling—I asked him how much money he had got—he said he did not know—Mr. Perkins, the Superintendent of the Eaton Police, asked him, in my presence, how long he had been at Windsor—he said two or three days—he asked where he slept—he said under a rick—he said, "There are no ricks at Windsor"—he made no answer to that—the prosecutor's house is in the parish of Hillingdon.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you point out the shilling to the prosecutor? A. No—I laid the money in front of him, and he pointed it out to me—the mark is beside the rim, and a hole besides—he described it to me before it was produced, and likewise two sixpences with holes in them—I saw that some person had got from the ground over a beam of the barn, because all the dust was swept off it on to the ceiling of the prosecutor's house, where it was broken through.





JAMES EADES

re-examined. This shilling was in my box—I had seen it there the day before—I used to look at my money about once a week, because I used to have friends give me a shilling, and I used to put it with the rest.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

