



1802. 




ROBERT GAZELY



, stealing 1 mare, value 6l.; the property of 




Benjamin Stafford.






BENJAMIN STAFFORD
. I get my living by jobbing with a horse and cart; I live at No. 24, Ann's-place, Hackney-road. I had a bay mare, which I kept in my stable there—I had another horse at the time in that stable—or Saturday, 23rd Aug., I left my mare safe in the stable about 4 o'clock; the stable was not locked—I went to the stable again about 6 that evening, and the mare was gone—I saw it again on the following Tuesday in North-street, Whitechapel, in possession of Thompson—on the Sunday morning, the day after I lost the mare, I saw the prisoner—I asked him what he had done with the mare—he said he had sold it to a gentleman—I asked him who authorized him to take the mare—he told me I might ax his b—y a——the mare was worth 6l.

Prisoner. Q. Did not I say I would meet you at your house at 8 o'clock on Monday morning? A. I do not remember the time you you would be at my house the next morning—I did not buy the mare to sell, I intended to work it.






JAMES STAFFORD
. I am the prosecutor's brother, and live with him; I knew the bay mare. On Saturday, 23rd Aug., I saw the prisoner at my brother's stable-door, about ten minutes or a quarter before 6 o'clock in the evening—he had the mare, leading her with the halter—I told him to put the mare up till such time as my brother came home—he said he was only going to the public-house up the street, and my brother was to come there as soon as he came home—he said, "Tell Ben to come to the public-house up the street, and I will wait there for him"—he said he was going to take the mare to the public-house to show her to a man who wanted to buy one—he did not say anything about bringing her back—I did not tell the Magistrate that the prisoner said he would bring it back—they read my statement to me; I was not listening; I know I never mentioned the words.





JOHN CLARK
. I live at Halstead, in Essex, and am a horse-dealer. On Saturday night, 23rd Aug., I saw the prisoner in North-street, Whitechapel, a little after 6 o'clock, leading a bay mare—I bought it of him—he asked me 10l. for it—I bought it for 8l.; I paid him 50s. deposit, and was to pay the rest on Monday morning—he told me he had bought her of Page, the horsedealer—I put the mare in Mr. Thompson's stable, in North-street—I saw her afterwards, when the police gave her up to the man who owned her—it was the same mare that I had bought of the prisoner.





RICHARD HAWKES
 (police-sergeant, N 6). I took the prisoner on Sunday evening, 24th Aug.—I told him I wanted him for stealing a horse, belonging to Stafford, in Anu's-place—he said, "The horse belonged to me, and I have sold it"—I was out looking for the horse, and while I was out, another officer went with Stafford to Mr. Thompson, and got the mare—he gave it up to me; I had it several days—I was directed by the Magistrate, at the last examination, to give it up to the owner.

COURT
to
BENJAMIN STAFFORD. Q. Did you go to Thompson's stable with a policeman? A. Yes, and showed him the mare—I do not know what the prisoner means by claiming this mare—I never had any dealings with him—we never bought any horses together—nor a horse.

Prisoner. Q. Did you and I sell one in Worship-street? A. No; I sold it—you and I did not sell one at the Swan; you took me there, but I sold it—you and I did not buy this one; I bought it myself of Mr. Page—I gave 5S. deposit, and Mr. Page sent a man to the field with me—the mare was caught, and tied to the back of the cart; and we called at a public-house and had a drop of beer, and I paid 4l. 10s. more—it was my own money—the prisoner came and said to me that Mr. Page had one that would suit me, and I went to Mr. Page and bought it.

Prisoner. He is swearing false; I worked for him three months; we sold six horses together; I bought this horse, and I can prove it; I paid the 5s.; be never knew the man, nor saw the man, till I took him there. Witness. I bought it on the Friday week before I lost it, I paid the deposit; but I paid for her on the Saturday morning—when I came home on Saturday evening, the 23rd, I saw my brother, and in consequence of what he said, I went to the public-house—I went about thirty miles, running about everywhere—I went to Whitechapel on Monday, for a butt of wash—I was talking to a man at a door, and saw my mare in a dead horse cart—I had paid the prisoner for his commission; I paid him 5s. for taking me to look at this mare—I always paid him for what he did for me—on the Saturday evening that I bought her, I had to go to Chelsea to do a job, and the prisoner let himself into the yard, and took the mare away for two or three hours, and

brought her home safe—I saw him again on the Monday, and told him not to take a horse away without my knowing it.

COURT
to
MR. CLARK. Q. When was the remainder of the money to he paid? A. On the Monday morning, in North-street, where I was to see the prisoner again—he said it was his own horse, and he bought it of Page.




GUILTY
. Aged 48. The prisoner was also charged with having been before convicted: to which he pleaded Guilty. The certificate stated that the presoner was convicted in 1843, of stealing a gelding, having then been before convicted. 


Transported for Ten Years
.
