



554. 




WILLIAM LEIGHTON WOOD



, forging and uttering a bill of exchange for 43l.; with intent to defraud 



Stephen Rogers.


MR. PARNELL
conducted the Prosecution.






STEPHEN ROGERS
. I am a timber-merchant, of Cleveland-street, Fitzroy-square. The prisoner is a pianoforte-manufacturer—he owed me 33l. 17s. 6d. for timber which he had last Feb.—on 22nd Feb., in consequence of a letter I had written to him, the prisoner paid me this bill of exchange—(this was dated Sept. 4, 1850, drawn by W. L. Wood on J.P. Vinnicomb, of Exeter, for 43l.)—upon receiving that, I supplied him with 16l. worth more goods—his bill is now 50l. 5s.—I paid this bill into my banker's in Jan.—it was returned to me.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. I believe you have known the prisoner some time? A. About ten years; he was in a good way of business—I have attended a meeting of his creditors—my solicitor did not apply for payment after I knew it was alleged to be a forgery.





JOHN PEWTNER VINNICOMB
. I am a musical instrument-maker, of Northern Hay, Exeter. I know the prisoner—I owed him a balance of 43l.—on 16th Sept. he asked me for payment—I accepted a bill for him; it was ante-dated—he said he should not be able to use it at that time, and it would be more convenient if I would allow him to ante-date it—this is it (produced)—(this was a bill dated 2nd Dec., for 45l., payable



six months after date, drawn by W. L. Wood on Mr. Vinnicomb, accepted payable at Robarts and Co.)—he gave me this account, and receipted it—I never bad any other bill transactions with the prisoner—he had no authority to accept bills in my name—I think I have accepted bills for the house of Nutting and Wood, but they were all by correspondence—he belonged to that firm, but separated in July 1849, and I am positive I have had no bill transactions with him since—this four months' bill is not my writing, it is a very bad imitation of it.

Cross-examined. Q. Is there nobody at your house who accepts bills but you? A. No; I have never accepted any blank bills—he wanted the bill to be for four months originally—he could not have imagined that I had given him any authority to accept on my account—he proposed to supply me with any number of pianos if I would give him my name to acceptances in future.





JOHN COOPER
. I am a bill-broker. Some time in Sept. I received this six months' bill from Mr. Wood—I discounted it, and parted with it to Mr. Venn, but recovered it from him—I know it by my writing on it.





RICHARD CREWIS
 (policeman, E 112). I took the prisoner, and found on him this memorandum-book—(this contained an entry on a blank leaf, "43l. Vinnicomb, at six months, Sept. 2nd., Robarts," with other similar entries, in which Mr. Vinnicomb's name was mentioned.)
(Charles Cotton, licensed-victualler, Benjamin Thompson, of Chelsea, gentleman, George Thomas, pianoforte-maker, and Samuel Steele, turner, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 42.—Strongly recommended to mercy by the Jury.—


Transported for Seven Years


