



505. 




WILLIAM CALEB THOMAS, alias

Caleb Thomas
, was indicted

 for uttering a forged 10l.-note, with intent to defraud the 

Governor and Company of the Bank of England.


MR. CLARKSON
and
SIR JOHN BAYLEY
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM FRY
. I am a builder, of the Walworth-road—I know the house, 36, Queen's-row, Walworth—Mr. Urrey is the owner of it—I was employed to let it, and the prisoner came to inquire the terms in the early part of Sept.—he took it of Mr. Urrey, and took possession about 9th Sept.—I had a letter from Mr. Urrey to give him the key, and did so—the rent was to commence on the 29th—he was to pay quarterly—I saw him in possession, and he occupied it nearly three months—the key was returned to me by the Parcels' Delivery Company five or six days after Christmas-day—he paid no rent, and carried on no business except selling a few coals.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Were you before the Magistrate? A. No—the last time I saw the prisoner there, was 22nd Nov.—I live nearly opposite—I saw his wife and family there, but no lodgers—I do not turn any corner to get there from my house—I cannot see the house, only the steps, but I pass six or ten times a day, and never knew there were lodgers.






ELIZA SIMMS
. I live at 35, Queen's-row, and am barmaid to my brother at the Pilgrim public-house. The prisoner came there in Sept., and said he was a glazier, and was about to become the next door neighbour, and if anybody asked for "Mr. Thomas" he was the person, and that he was expecting some furniture—he called several times to know if any one had been to ask for him—he asked me if my brother wanted to purchase some coals, that he was going to open in the coal business and chandler's shop way, and his wife and himself were to carry it on, and he was to do the glazing business—the previous tenant was a painter and glazier, and there was "Painter and glazier" over the door; it was never taken down—I saw a cart come; it might be a day or two before, or a day or two after that conversation—it brought a tea-chest, a chair or two, a table, and an old mattrass—he had told me his furniture was coming by a van—I saw no van come with any furniture—I asked him on several occasions whether he was about opening—he said he had been very busy, and had not had time, but he should do so in a short time—he had opened in the coal trade, but not in the chandlery way—the shop was kept shut up all but two shutters—the coals were in a cellar underneath—there was an outside trap-door—the last time I saw him was one Tuesday or Wednesday night, when he came to take a light at our gas, and went out, and I saw him go down the trap into the cellar—Smith, the constable, came next day or the following Saturday—I saw the prisoner's wife and children come home in a cab about half-past nine in the evening—there was no one in the house in the mean time to my knowledge—the house was shut up, barring the shutters—the shutter of the shop door was always kept down—the prisoner used to call every day; sometimes twice a-day, but I never saw him in a working dress.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you visit the house? A. I never went into it—I can see everything from our window, and never saw any van or furniture except what I describe—if there had been, I must have seen it—I was never out above an hour.





WILLIAM SMITH
 (policeman, P 32). On Thursday, 29th Nov. I received information, and went to 36, Queen's-row, Walworth—I did not find the prisoner there—the shop was closed—I watched it, off and on, for five days and nights, and he did not come there—the wife came on the Saturday night, at half-past nine o'clock, and remained until 8th Dec, when they removed away early in the morning, and left the house shut up—she took with her a mattress, a chair or two, a table, and a weighing-machine—I then ceased to watch.





JOHN FELLOWS
. I live at 4, West-street, Walworth-road. On Sunday, 25th Nov., between eight and nine in the evening, I was in the Good Intent, East-lane, Walworth, kept by Mr. Jeffery—I saw the prisoner in the parlour among other persons—after I had been there a little while, he said he had been round the neighbourhood, and could not get change for a 10l.-note, and he had got a party to pay some money to outside, and would give any one a shilling that would get the change—he put it on the table—I took it and went to four places, and then to the Sir William Walworth, kept by Mr. Howland, who 1 have known for years—I gave it to him, and he gave me for it a 5l.-note, four sovereigns, and one pound in silver—I returned and gave the change to the prisoner—he gave me one shilling for getting change—he had something to drink—on the following Friday Mr. Howland brought the note to my house, alleging it to be forged.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you remember before the Magistrate that you

were promised the shilling? A. Yes; I did not mention it—Mr. Howland put my name on the note—he knew my name and address.





JAMES JEFFERYS
. I keep the Good Intent, East-street, Walworth. On Sunday evening, 25th Nov., the prisoner came with a 10l.-note in his hand—he asked me to change it, and said he never saw such a d—d poor place as this, that he had been to a dozen houses and could not get change—I would not give it him, and he said he would give anybody a shilling to get him change—Fellows went for it—I saw him return and give the change to the prisoner—next morning the prisoner came into my back yard and asked me what change that old gentleman gave him—I said, "A 5l.-note, four sovereigns, and small change"—he said, "I have lost the 5l.-note"—I said, "You cannot have lost it; you are too artful and too cunning to do that"—(I had seen him twice before, when he came in for two half-pints of beer, and once he came to ask me to have some coals)—he said, "Never mind; light come, light go."

Cross-examined. Q. Did you give evidence before the Magistrate? A. No; this is the first time I have mentioned the conversation in public—another man was with him and his wife—it was between ten and twelve o'clock—he came into the back yard by himself—the other man did not hear the conversation.





CHARLES CLARIDGE HOWLAND
. I keep the Sir William Walworth. On Sunday evening, 25th Nov., a little before nine o'clock, Fellows brought me this 10l.-note(produced)—I wrote on it "Mr. Fellows, West-street, Walworth," and gave him a 5l.-note, four sovereigns, and 1l. worth of silver—next day I paid it to Mr. Gurney, of Islington—I received it back from him on Thursday, the 29th, I believe.





JOSHUA FREEMAN
. I am inspector of Bank notes in the Bank of England. This note is a forgery in paper, plate, and signature—(read—Bank of England, No. 15454—I promise to pay to Mr. Matthew Marshall, or bearer, 10l. for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England. J. Cann)—there is a clerk named Cann who signs notes—it would pass in the world—there is no water-mark—there is a mark by pressure—it is not Bank paper.





JOHNSTON EDDINGTON
. I keep the Artichoke at Camberwell. A twelve-month or two years previous to Nov. last, I had seen the prisoner at my house, but I did not know him when he came in—I had a regular customer named William Thomas, who I have known about twenty years—between six and seven o'clock on the evening of 25th Nov., the prisoner came and asked for Mr. Thomas, his uncle; I said he had not come yet, but I expected him—he said he wanted particularly to see him, for he wanted to leave him 2l.—I said if he liked to stop a short time his uncle would be there—he said he was very much pushed for time—I offered to take the 2l.—he said he could not do that unless I changed him a 10l.-note, and he put the note into my hand—I did not like the feel of the paper, and handed it to my wife, as I cannot see well without my glasses—she said she thought it was good, and I gave the prisoner 8l. for it, and was to give 2l. to his nncle—when I went up for the change, I left the note with the prisoner, and when I came down I saw his name on it—this is it (produced)—here is "Caleb Thomas" on the back of it—I locked it up—I was to tell his uncle that 30s. of the 2l. was to be sent to his daughter in the country to bring her home—I paid the note away on Wednesday the 28th, and on the Saturday following, Dec. 1st, it was brought back by Mr. Potter as a forgery.


Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the uncle after you discovered it was a forgery? A. Yes, about an hour afterwards, and told him so, and gave him the two sovereigns—he is a gardener; I have known him twenty years.





JOSHUA FREEMAN

re-examined. This note is a forgery, and is for the same amount, and of the same number, and date, and signature, as the other—I have no doubt they are both impressions from the same plate—the Bank do not issue two notes of the same value, number, and date.

Cross-examined. Q. the same person signs a good many notes. A. Yes; (note read).





SARAH EDDINGTON
. I am the wife of the last witness. I handed the prisoner a pen and ink, and saw him write his name on the note while my husband was gone upstairs to get the change—this is the note.





JOHN WILLIAM FITCH
. I am a grocer, in Crosby-row, Walworth-road. On Saturday, 24th Nov., the prisoner came to my house, about nine or ten o'clock in the evening, and asked for 1lb. of black tea—I asked if I should send it for him—he said yes I might—I took the order in a waste-book; it came to 10s. 2d.—he gave his address 36, Queen's-row, Walworth—he took a 5l.-note out of his pocket, and handed it to me in payment—I held it up to the gas and examined it—he looked at me at the time I examined it, and said, "Look at it well"—I wrote his name and address on it—I asked him his name; he had given me his address before as the place I was to send the goods to; this is the note (produced)—I gave him the difference, taking the amount of the goods out—I afterwards sent the goods to the address he gave me, and they were taken in by a female—I paid the note away on the Monday, and on the Wednesday, I believe, it was returned to me as a forged note—I am quite sure this is the same I gave change for—I then went to the station, and communicated with Sergeant Smith—we went together to see if we could find Mr. Thomas, and could not—we sent some one to knock at the door, and could not get any one to answer it—there was no one there.

Cross-examined. Q. He told you to examine it well, to see if it was a good one? A. Yes—I did not remark that I wished I had a thousand such—I did not make any remark—I supposed it to be good, or I should not have taken it—I do not know that I looked at it more minutely in consequence of his saying, "Look at it well."

MR. FREEMAN
re-examined. This note is a forgery in all respects, paper, plate, signature, and water-mark—it purports to be signed by Mr. Pasquet—he is a cashier in the Bank, and signs 5l.-notes—this note appears to be of the same sort of paper as the other—the water-mark has been attempted to be done in the same way by pressure.





JOHN CASTLE
. I keep the City of Salisbury, in Lock's-fields, Walworth. On Friday, 23rd Nov., the prisoner came there, I think, between twelve and one o'clock—he asked for change for a 5l.-note, gave one to my wife, and she brought it to me—I had seen the prisoner drinking at my house two or three times before—I said I would give him change, and asked his name and address—he gave the name of Thomas, and I forget the address—I wrote the name and address he gave me on the note—this is my writing on this note—(produced)—it is the name and address he gave me, "Mr. Thomas, No. 36, Queen's-row, Walworth"—I gave him the full change for it—I kept in three or four days or a week in my cash-box, and then paid it to my distiller—in three or four days after it came back to me marked "forged"—I went to the prisoner's house, and could not find him—I saw his wife, I

believe, and she said he was not at home—I did not see anything in the house in the shape of furniture; the shop was quite empty—I afterwards attended at the Lambeth Police-court when the prisoner was under examination—my deposition was taken down by the clerk in the presence and hearing of the prisoner—I do not remember the prisoner saying anything.

MR. CLARKSON
proposed to give parol evidence of an exclamation made by the prisoner while the clerk was taking down the deposition of the witness, not before the Magistrate, but in a private room.
MR. PAYNE
objected to this, as the deposition alone was evidence of what passed before the Magistrate; and if this was not in the Magistrate's presence, it could not be admissable, the clerk having no authority to act in his absence.
MR. JUSTICE TALFOURD
was of opinion that the evidence was admissable: it was not part of the prisoner's statement as to which the statute applied, and it was not excluded on any other ground.






JOHN HARVEY
 (police-sergeant, G 14.) I have known the prisoner seven or eight years—in consequence of information I received in the early part of Dec., I went in search of him—I searched after him till 8th Jan., when, at eleven o'clock at night, I went with Sergeant Steadman to the tap-room of a beer-shop in Pear Tree-street, St. Luke's, called the Blue Lion, where there was a number of men, and among them the prisoner—I knew several of the men—I said to the prisoner, "How do you do, Mr. Thomas?"—he said, "My name is not Thomas"—I then said, "You enjoy yourself better than you did when you kept a shop in Golden-lane"—he made no answer—I said, "I knew you, too, when you kept a beer-shop in New Inn-yard"—he said, "Yes, I did"—Knight said, "Oh, I knew Mr. Harvey when I was a little boy;" to which the prisoner replied, "Oh, I remember him when I kept this beer-shop"—I then called him to the front of the bar outside, and told him that I wanted him for passing forged notes, fives and tens, at Walworth—he said he did not know anything about it—I said I suspected him to be the man, and he must go to the station with me—on the way to the station, he wanted to go home, to take his wife the key—he did not tell me where his house was—I told him I should not let him go—on that he said, "Well, it is no use to deceive you; I have been made a dupe of, and I have lost 45l. by it"—he said he had been engaged by a countryman to change these notes for him, and he told him that he would put him into business, or lend him some money to start in business—he said he was glad I had come, for he had been out of the way for about five weeks, and he was sick of it—he said if the case was not exposed in the papers, he would soon find the right party—I searched him at the station, and found the latch-key of his house—he gave his address, "16, Peartree-street," and asked me to take the key—I did so, and found it was the Blue Lion beer-shop, where 1 had taken him from—he had not said a word about lodging there when I first took him—I found from the landlord that he did not live there—the prisoner was remanded from 9th Jan. to the 14th—I attended the second examination—as I passed him, as he was in the dock, he said to me, "How came you to say that you took me from among thirty or forty swindlers, as stated in the Times newspaper?"—I said, "I know nothing about the Times"—he said he should complain to the Magistrate—he did not do so—I noticed to him that his whiskers were shaved off—he said he need not have done that, for he owned that he passed the notes—he said he should brine: parties forward to prove where he had the notes from, and bring his uncle forward.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you recollect all these statements of the prisoner's

when you gave evidence before the Magistrate? A. I recollected them, but they did not take them all down; they put down the principal part—it was in the clerk's office that he said he should bring his uncle forward, at the last examination I believe—the Magistrate was not present—that was not said in answer to any question by the clerk—I believe it was said to one of the witnesses—he said it loud enough for the clerk to hear; and I believe the clerk told him if he had anything to say he had better mention it by and by.

MR. FREEMAN
re-examined. The last note produced is a forgery in every respect—it is not from the same plate as the other five—it appears the same sort of paper, and the water-mark appears done in the same way, by pressure.

MR. PAYNE
to
MR. CASTLES. Q. I believe you are not sure about the day, whether it was the Friday or Saturday? A. No, I am not—it was in the morning, between twelve and one o'clock, as near as I can recollect—I never said positively it was Friday; I said somewhere about the 23rd.




GUILTY
. Aged 39.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Edward Bullock, Esq.

