



498. 




WILLIAM COOK



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Francis Duffield, and stealing 3 watches, and other articles, value 9l. 1s. 7d., his property: having been before convicted.






FRANCIS DUFFIELD
. I live in Chester-place, Old Kent-road; it is my dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. Giles, Camberwell. On the evening of 25th Jan., about six o'clock, I was in the parlour behind my shop—I heard the breaking of my window—I went into the shop, and found a pane of glass broken which had been safe just before—I ran out, and saw the prisoner running, twenty or thirty yards off—I called, and saw him stopped after some chase—he came towards me, and I took hold of him—he said, "You are wrong in your identity"—I brought him back, and missed this watch (produced)—it was brought in afterwards by the officer; I had seen it safe in the window not five minutes before; it is mine—I saw the prisoner between eleven and twelve that morning just outside the gate of my house, five or six yards from my window, with another party, apparently making some observations about the watches in the window, and afterwards he put his hands together, and said, "That will do."






THOMAS WELLS
. Between six and seven o'clock that evening, I was coming along the Kent-road, nearly opposite the prosecutor's house—I heard a smash of glass, and I saw the prisoner run out of the prosecutor's gate—I did not know him before—I am quite sure he is the man—the prosecutor followed him immediately—we both pursued him—I lost sight of him—when I got sight of him again the prosecutor had got him.





JOHN GRANT
 (policeman, P 170). I received the prisoner in custody—I found on him this little tin hook—he said I was mistaken in the party.





JOHN TUCKER MUGGERIDGE
 (policeman, P 337). I came up with Grant to the shop—Grant went in, and I waited outside—I saw a little girl pick up this watch; she gave it to me.





FRANCIS DUFFIELD
. This hook is mine—it is what this watch was suspended on, in my window.

Prisoner's Defence. I heard a smash at the window, and saw a party run; I ran after him, and they stopped me.





LEWIS BRAT
 (policeman, P 105). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction here—(Read—John Moore, convicted May, 1847, on his own confession and confined four months)—I was present; the prisoner is the party.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Recorder.

