



37. 




JOHN CLARK
, was again indicted

for stealing 2 shifts, 3 towels, and other articles; the goods of 



Sophia Bennett, from the person of 



Edward Bennett.


MR. CAARTEEN
conducted the Prosecution.






SOPHIA BENNETT
. I am the wife of Stephen Bennett, a carpenter, of Boar's Head-court, Fleet-street. On Tuesday, 1st Oct., I gave my little boy, Edward Bennett, a bundle, in a blue and brown handkerchief—it contained two shifts, two pairs of drawers, a tablecloth, three towels, and a nightcap—he was to take them to Miss Mortimer's, in Newcastle-street, Strand—they were her things—I had had them to wash.





EDWARD BENNETT
. I am nine years old, and live with my mother, at 3, Boar's Head-court, Fleet-street. On Tuesday, 1st Oct., my mother gave me a bundle to carry to 2, Newcastle-street, Strand—I went away with it, and my little brother Henry, who is seven years old—I gave the bundle to my brother—as I was going along I met the prisoner by Chancery-lane—I had a top with me, and was playing with it—the prisoner spoke to me first and he said, "Will you let me have a go with your top?"—I did, and he gave it me back again, and he said to me, "Ask your brother if he would like a rabbit," and he asked me if my mother would let me keep it—I said, "I dare say she will"—he told my brother to stand by Little's, the butter-shop—my brother had the bundle at that time—he stood there, and I went up to Carey-street with the prisoner, to go to his house for the rabbit—when we were in Carey-street he said, "Stop here, I am going in a house to get the rabbit"—he came out and said, "I am going to my mother, and I can get you the rabbit better; stop here"—he left me and did not come back at all—I went to where I had left my brother—I did not find him there—I found him when he came home from school—I did not wait in Carey-street above five minutes—I have not seen the bundle since.





HENRY BENNETT
. I am going on for seven years old—I live with my mother—I went out with my brother and the bundle—the prisoner came up to us, and he and my brother went away—I was left with the bundle by Mr. Little's, the butter-shop—the prisoner came up to me; he took me up Clement's-lane—he took the bundle from me, and said he would put the rabbit under the clothes—he told me to wait, and said he would

not keep me long—he went into a public-house—he did not come back to me—I have never seen the things since.




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.

( There were eight other indictments against the prisoner, and it was stated by an officer that there were fifty or sixty similar cases against him.)
