



714. 




ALEXANDER LOVEE
 was indicted

 for the wilful murder of 



Charlotte Lovee; he was also charged on the Coroner's Inquisition with killing and slaying the said Charlotte Lovee.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN WOOLCOT
. I am fifteen years old, and live at 13, Crown-court, Whitechapel. I know the prisoner—he is a gun-maker by trade, and lives at 4, Boar's Head-court, Petticoat-lane—on 19th Feb. I was working for him there—I knew the deceased, his wife—I saw her go out that morning, between ten and eleven o'clock—her husband was then at home—she did not tell him what she went out for—they had bad a quarrel that morning—she did not come home till about half-past five—the prisoner was then at home—she stopped down the court, and told the people to call him a child-killer—when she came to the room, be asked her where she had been to—she said she had been to her mother's—he said, "Well, if you have been there, let us be comfortable, and have a comfortable tea, and I will give you a drop of wine if you will be comfortable with me"—she said, "Well, go and fetch it," and he went with a stone bottle—he came back with some wine in it, and a sweetbread—the deceased poured some of the wine out into a cup, and drank it—the prisoner was frying the sweetbread in a pan on the fire, and had a knife in his hand; and while he was doing it she told him she had been up to the Court to get a warrant against him, and he said, "You b——r, you want to swear my life away," and he stuck the knife in her, somewhere between the breast and the shoulder—she cried out that he had stabbed her, went down-stairs screaming, "He has stabbed me!" and ran into Whitechapel—I went after her—a gentleman came up, and she was taken to a doctor's shop two doors from the corner of Petticoat-lane—after she had been to the doctor's, the street-keeper took charge of her—I then returned with Sergeant Barnes to my master's house, and found the prisoner there as I had left him, sitting on the opposite side of the fireplace to where his wife had been sitting, finishing his tea—she was sitting down at the time she was struck—I pointed out the prisoner to Barnes, and he took him into custody—he then had the knife in his hand, cutting some bread—it was the same knife he had had while frying the sweetbread—Barnes afterwards came back, and took the knife—I had seen the deceased in the morning, sharpening the knife on an earthenware pan, and she said she was going to cut her throat—that was after they had been quarrelling—the prisoner said, "Do it," and then he took the knife away from her—the prisoner was sober when he used the knife—I have lived between three and four years with the prisoner—the deceased was a sober woman—her name was Charlotte Lovee—I saw her body at the Inquest.





HENRY BARNKS
 (police-sergeant, H 16). On Tuesday, 19th Feb., between

six and seven o'clock in the evening, I was in Whitechapel—I saw Woolcot following the deceased, who was bleeding from a wound in the neck, and was holding something to it—she said she had been stabbed—Taylor, the street-keeper, took charge of her, and I went with the boy to No. 4, Boar's Head-court, and found the prisoner there, taking his tea—he was cutting a slice of bread from a quartern loaf with a knife—the boy pointed him out to me—I said I should take him into custody, on a charge of stabbing his wife—he said, "I know all about it," he hoped he had not hurt her—I told him I was afraid he had inflicted a deep wound—I took him to the station, returned, and took possession of the knife—on the way to the station he said, "The knife that I was cutting the bread with was the one that I stabbed her with"—there was a slight mark of blood on the handle of the knife, but it has got rubbed off—there were marks of blood on the stairs—the woman was afterwards taken to the hospital—I saw her there—this is the knife (produced.)





JOHN WYATT
. I am house-surgeon at the London Hospital. On 19th Feb., at seven o'clock in the evening, the deceased was brought there—she was in a state of partial collapse, and was bleeding from a punctured wound on the right side of the neck, about an inch below the jaw—she was very much exhausted—it was such a wound as might have been produced by a stab from this knife—it was about three-quarters of an inch long, and about three inches deep—she lived till the 27th—when she was first brought in it did not appear a mortal wound, on account of the slight bleeding—I made a post mortem examination of her body, and the cause of death was inflammation caused by the wound—the wound completely transfixed the larynx, or gullet—it did not pass through the carotid artery, but so close to it that it was to be seen pulsating—there was an extensive abscess on the opposite side of the wound, which was the result of the inflammation.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Did you have any conversation with her about the wound? A. I may have told her that I hoped she would get better, or something of that kind—that was when I first attended to her—I did not then think the wound was a fatal one—I remained of that opinion until violent inflammation supervened, about three days after—I knew there was a wound in the gullet, but I did not know it transfixed it till I made the post mortem examination—it was almost impossible to ascertain it without.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. On the 20th did you consider her, or not, in a dangerous state? A. Not in immediate danger—she was very desponding from the time she came in—she constantly said she did not expect she should get better.





NORRIS VINE
. I am principal clerk at Worship-street police-court. I remember Mr. Hammill, the Magistrate, going to the London Hospital on 20th Feb., and seeing the deceased, Charlotte Lovee, there—there was an examination taken—nothing had been before said by the deceased as to her expectation of recovery—the prisoner was present—the statement was the result of questions by the Magistrate—I took it down from her lips as she gave the answers in the presence of the Magistrate—it was then read over in the prisoner's presence, and she then put her mark to it.

COURT. Q. Had the prisoner the opportunity of cross-examining the witness? A. Yes, and he did put one question to her—it was signed by the Magistrate in his presence.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you administer the oath? A. Yes, in the presence of the Magistrate and the prisoner—(the statement was here read, as follows: "I am the prisoner's wife; I was married to him in 1832. I had been out on Saturday, 19th instant, and returned home in the afternoon; I

met him coming down the court with another man; I told him I had been to Arbour-square, and had seen Mr. M'Kenzie, to get a warrant for him; he said, 'If you want a warrant I will give you getting a warrant.' I afterwards went to a public-house, and had a pint of fourpenny ale with my husband, and we both went home together, and I got tea ready, and he went and bought a sweetbread and some wine, and I was frying it at the fire, and just as I was about to pour out a cup of tea he said to me again, 'Where have you been?' and I said, 'Why, Lovee, I will tell you the truth; you had beaten me so in the morning, that I really did go to the police-court for a warrant.' He said, 'Oh, you did go to the police-court, did you?' I said, 'Yes,' and I saw something go to the right side of my neck; I felt no pain, but blood immediately flowed from my neck; and as he was taking away his hand from my neck I saw the little whitehandled knife in his hand, and I said, 'Oh, he has stabbed me!' and I ran into Mrs. Salmon's, and then to the doctor's, and then two respectable men brought me here in a cab. He fetched me some wine before he stabbed me,")—That was in answer to a question put by the prisoner.
(Thomas Wyburn, gun-stocker, 24, North-street, Sidney-street, Commercial-road; Joseph Millwall, gun-barrel maker, 66, Lambeth-street; John Bates, glass-cutter, 26, Lambeth-street, Whitechapel; and Dennis Lyon, of 4, Boar's Head court, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
of manslaughter.

Aged 43.—



Transported for Fifteen Years
.

Before Mr. Baron Platt.
