



939. 




WILLIAM JOHNSON



, stealing 1 clock, 2 candlesticks, 10 keys, and other articles, value 8s.; the goods of 



Henry Atcheson: having been before convicted.—(See page 8.) There were four other COUNTS laying the property in other names.






ALFRED VIGOR
 (policeman, S 116). I am stationed at Kingsbury, in Middlesex. I recollect the National-school there being broken into on 19th March—on the 27th I followed the prisoner into a house in Camden-town, and asked him whether he lived there—he said, "No"—a woman said he had left some property there a day or two previously—I had it brought out, said I suspected it was stolen, and I should take him—I found these keys (produced)in his pocket—two of them are not identified, and one of those two fits the school-room door—this bunch fits the locks in the school-room—I asked him, before opening the bundle, if the things were his property—he said, "Yes," he bought them of a man in Edgware-road—(produced, containing candlesticks, snuffers, and tray).

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was it not before the bundle was opened that he made that statement? A. I cannot say whether it was before or after.






JOHN MARTIN
 (policeman, S 363). I went to a marine-store dealer's, and received this clock from him—(produced).





ELIZABETH WHITE
. I am the wife of Thomas White, of Stutley's-place, Camden-town. I know the prisoner—on 20th March he left a bundle at my house, and asked me to keep it for him—he said he and his wife were going to housekeeping—he opened the bundle, and showed me two brass candlesticks, the snuffers, and tray—I showed the same things to the policeman—after I had given him consent to leave the things he said he wanted to sell a clock, as he had very little money—I went with it to a pawnbroker's, and they would not take it in—he then went over to Mr. Bignell's, and he told me he sold it there for 3s.—this appears to be the same clock.

Cross-examined. Q. You did not go? A. I went to the door—I had nothing to do with the selling of it—I cannot say whether it was covered over at all—I recognise it by the brass at the winding-up being broken.





WILLIAM BIGNELL
. The prisoner brought this clock to me, and I gave him 3s. for it.

Cross-examined. Q. Who did you buy it of? A. The prisoner—the woman was there—they came together.





JANE CRAWFORD TAYLOR
. I am mistress of the National-school at Kings-bury. On 19th March I left the windows all fast, and the doors locked, and left the key at a shop on the Green, where it is always kept—on the 20th I discovered it had been broken open—the windows were still fast—I do not know where any one had got in—I found the candlesticks, snuffers, tray, clock, and ten keys, gone—the school is supported by the committee, who are Mr. Field, Mr. Smith, Mr. Rutt, and Mr. Richardson—Mr. Atcheson is the Minister—he has the management of the school, and is the treasurer—he appoints me—these things have not been bought since I was there—I cannot say who bought them.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know the keys? A. Because I have always had the use of them—this one(pointing it out)is the organ-key—there is nothing particular about any of them—I know them in no other way than by their fitting the locks—Mr. Atcheson pays me—Mr. Richardson keeps the shop where the keys were left—his name is James.





HENRY BARNES
. I produce a certificate—(read—


Charles Smith, Convicted May, 1843, and transported for seven years)—I was present at that trial—the prisoner is the same person.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you seen him since? A. No, but I knew him well before then—there is a very little difference in him.




GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Ten Years.

(The policeman
MARTIN
stated that the prisoner bore a very bad character, and that a quantity of stolen property was found in his house.)
