



932. 



ELLEN NOONEEN



, stealing 8 spoons and 1 yard of silk, value 3l.; the goods of 



Mary Mendham, her mistress: having been before convicted.






MARY MENDHAM
. I am a widow, and am landlady of Bishop Blay's public-house, in Shoreditch. The prisoner was in my service six days—on Tuesday evening, 16th April, she asked leave to go out, and said she would not exceed an hour and a half—I next saw her in custody on the Thursday—between five and six o'clock that evening she had asked me for the key of my bedroom, and she went up-stairs, and made the room straight—I went to bed about half-past twelve, but had no occasion to go to my drawers then—on the next morning, when I was dressing, I found both the drawers where I kept my plate and linen were broken open, and I missed six tea-spoons, a dessert-spoon, a caddy-spoon, and a piece of silk—I had seen them safe on the Sunday, and had then rolled up the silk to take it to my niece—I was in the habit of keeping my bedroom locked, and the key in my pocket.





ELLEN PAYNE
. I am the wife of William Payne, a coach-trimmer, and live in Camden-passage, Islington. I have known the prisoner two years—on 16th April she came to our house, and gave me a piece of silk to trim her bonnet with—I put it into a drawer—the officer came and demanded it, and my sister gave it to him—she is not here—this silk produced looks like what she gave me.





JOHN REEVE
 (policeman, A 424). In consequence of information, I took the prisoner into custody on 18th April, in High-street, Islington. I told her I took her for stealing six tea-spoons, a caddy-spoon, and a dessert-spoon from her mistress—she said, "Yes, and serve her right too"—I got this piece of silk from Mrs. Payne's shop—the spoons have not been found—the drawers appeared to have been broken open with a chisel, and there was a chisel in the kitchen corresponding with the marks.


Prisoner. Q. Did I come out to you when you inquired for me? A. No—you were talking to another woman in the street when I took you.

Prisoner's Defence. I told my mistress I wanted to leave her service; I went to the persons I had lodged with; I told them how I was treated, and they said I had better not stop, and I should not want for a night's lodging or food; they made me take something, through which I did not return that night; I did not ask for the key.





GEORGE COLLINS
 (policeman, N 59). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction—(read—Convicted Nov., 1849, and confined four months)—I was at the trial—she is the person.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

