














661. 




RICHARD PITTS (26), 




BARNARD GREGORY (32), 




HENRY BROWN (17), 




JAMES HANDS (27), and 



ABRAHAM SHARP



Burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



William Peterson, and stealing 139 yards of cloth, value 64l.; and other goods, his property.


MR. DOYLE. conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN BOND
. (Police sergeant, P 2). On the morning of 22nd April, in consequence of information, I placed my men so as to intercept a cart at Peckham Rye—I went with another officer to High Street, Peckham—I

saw Pitts and Hands in a cart coming out of Marlborough Row—they turned to the right in High Street, towards Rye Lane—they drove about 100 yards, they then turned and came towards me—after they had passed me I called to Alpress, the other officer, and he stopped them—as he laid hold of the rein, I immediately got to the near side of the cart to prevent their getting out—another constable came up immediately—I asked the constables if they had seen these men, Pitts and Hands, before—they said, "Yes"—I then asked Pitts if it was his cart—he said no, it was one he had borrowed—I asked him for what purpose he had borrowed it—he said to give his wife a ride—I asked him where his wife was—he said that she was at home—I asked him what made him turn round so quickly—he said that he had taken a wrong turning—I said that it was strange that he should borrow the cart to give his wife a ride when he had got another man with him—he said that he had picked him up and given him a ride—I took Pitts and Hands to the station—I then went out and met Fitzgerald, who had got Brown in custody, and he was taken to the station—Gregory was taken afterwards—I went out and met Mr. Peterson coming to the station—I went to his house, and saw footmarks leading over to the second yard—they began at the back of Mr. Peterson's house—I saw the back parlour window open—the steps led from there across another yard at the back, and into a garden—there I saw the footmarks more plainly—in that garden I found these two coats, and following the footmarks, they led to the garden of an unoccupied house—I was then joined by the constable Phillips—in the unoccupied house I found nine remnants of cloth, two coats, a waistcoat, and some other articles—I compared the boots of Gregory, Hands, and Brown with the footmarks on the following day—Sharp was not in custody—I found the boots taken from Gregory and Hands corresponded with the footmarks in the garden—I made an impression by the side of the mark, and measured it very particularly—on Saturday last I saw Sharp in custody at Peckham Station—I spoke to him respecting this charge—he asked me if any of the others had pleaded guilty—I did not say anything about Mr. Peterson—I referred to what had occurred recently.

Pitts. Q. What time did you take me? A. About a quarter before 7 o'clock—in the charge in the book it is 10 minutes before 7 o'clock.

Gregory. Q. Will you swear that the boots I have got on made the mark? A. I say they correspond with the marks in the garden.

COURT. Q. How far is the place where you took Pitts and Hands in custody from Mr. Peterson's house? A. I should say 400 or 500 yards—I could trace the marks of several persons, but not so as to compare them with the boots, only those two—there appeared to be many more.





PHILIP ALPRESS
. (Policeman, P 285). I was with the last witness when he stopped the cart, with Pitts and Hands in it—I afterwards went to, Rye Lane, and we met Gregory, Brown, and Sharp together, on the opposite side of the road—we allowed them to pass, and Fitzgerald followed them—I went round another way, and met them by the canal—I took Gregory; he resisted very much, and while I was struggling with him he attempted to use this life preserver (produced)—some assistance came, and I was able to get him to the station.

Gregory. Q. Did any person see me with this weapon? A. There were a great many persons round, I cannot tell whether they saw you take it from your pocket underneath; you made two attempts—I said, "What have you got there?" and I knocked your hand away, and then you got it out, and I caught your arm and you threw it over the wall—I found it

directly after you were taken—I told Mr. Silver you had thrown this away, and I said, "Now I will go and fetch this instrument"—I went down and found it—I saw you with it.





THOMAS FITZGERALD
. (Policeman, P 170). I was with the last witness at the end of Rye Lane—I saw Gregory, Brown, and Sharp together—I followed, and took Brown; he made great resistance—I was thrown down, and severely injured, I am still unable to do duty—I kept him in custody.

Gregory. Q. How far was Brown off? A. He was two or three yards from you—he made off from the pavement to the road, and I took him there—you were walking, and all three talking together.





WILLIAM PHILLIPS
. (Policeman P 228). On the morning of 22nd April. I was in Peckham Rye, at 10 minutes past 6 o'clock. I saw Pitts come up Rye Lane into Peck bam Rye, driving a horse and cart—he turned to the right hand side, and went half way up the Rye as far as the King's Arms—he then turned to the left, and crossed the road towards Nunhead—he then turned round, and came back again into Rye Lane—I followed him into Rye Lane, and there lost sight of him—I afterwards saw him in High Street, Peckham—he was driving the pony and cart, and Hands was sitting beside him coming towards Rye Lane—that was the time they were taken into custody—I went to the station with them—they were charged with loitering about—I searched them—I found a watch and a halfpenny on Pitts, and nothing on Hands—Brown was brought in directly after, and while the constable was searching Brown I saw him draw this piece of cloth from the front of his trowsers, and throw it away—I picked it up—I went to the prosecutor's house afterwards, and examined the premises—I saw the foot marks—I went to the empty house, and found this other property in two baskets, in an outhouse by the empty house.

Brown. Q. Did you find this piece of cloth on the floor or the form? A. On the form, on the top of your coat.





WILLIAM HAMMOND
. (Police sergeant, P 25). I was at Peckham Rye Station on the morning of 22nd April. Brown was brought in, and I directed him to be searched—I saw him take this piece of cloth from his person, and he had on this waistcoat (produced)—I saw he had two waistcoats on—I asked him to show me the under one—he denied having but one—I undid his trowsers, and found this waistcoat concealed in them—he did cot give any account of it—I took it away.





FREDERICK GEORGE
. I live at Peckham, and am a labourer. On the morning of 22nd April I met the five prisoners, at a quarter past 6 o'clock—four of them were walking, and Pitts was in a cart—they were in Rye Lane, opposite Mr. Order's shop, which is about 200 yards from Mr. Peterson's—the other four stopped, and spoke to Pitts in the cart—they then separated—the cart went the other way round, and came towards Peckham—the other four passed me in Rye Lane—I went down Hanover Street, and met them again—I am sure the prisoners are the men.

Pitts. Q. Was I standing still? A. You draw up to them.

Hands. Q. Was I in the cart? A. Not when I met you.

Doyle. Q. Do you know the unoccupied house? A. Yes, it is in Hanover Street—Bond's Place is in Rye Lane, and Hanover Street runs, out of it—it is the first turning out of Rye Lane—Mr. Peterson's house is about ten yards from the corner of Rye Lane—the things were taken over two walls to the unoccupied house, which is in Hanover Street.


Sharp. Q. Did you see me in Rye Lane? A. Yes; you were all four together, and all spoke to Pitts in the cart.

Gregory. Q. Do you say Pitts went down Hanover Street? A. You all went down Elms Road, which is the second turning in Rye Lane—I met you first in Rye Lane, near the bottom; I watched you as I thought you looked something wrong.





JOSEPH NICHOLLS
. I am a gardener, and live in Rye Lane. I saw the pony and cart about 15 or 16 minutes after 5 o'clock that morning—it was at the corner of Hanover Street, which turns out of Rye Lane and runs round into Rye Lane again—the cart remained there till about 10 minutes after 6 o'clock—that was the last time I saw it—I saw the same cart afterwards with the police—I saw a man there I cannot swear to, but I have no doubt Pitts is the man I saw on the opposite side of the road—I live next door to the empty house—that n No. 1, and my house is No. 2, and exactly at 5 o'clock that morning I heard a noise in the passage or shed of that unoccupied house.

Gregory. Q. Did the cart remain there till past 6 o'clock? A. Yes, I went to work at 10 minutes past 6 o'clock—I cannot say whether the cart was there quite so late as that—at a few minutes past 6 o'clock it was there.





HENRY BEACROFT
. I am a whitesmith. I was in High Street, Peckham, about 20 minutes before 7 o'clock that morning; I saw Sharp Brown, and Gregory—Sharp and Brown went into the Buffs Head, and called for a quartern of gin.

Gregory. Q. Will you swear that I went into the public house? A. No, Sharp and Brown went in—I had seen you with them before—I pointed out Hands in the confusion of the Court, but I corrected it afterwards.

COURT. Q. Did you point out the wrong person? A. I did—I pointed to Hands instead of Gregory—Bond said that I had pointed out the wrong man, and then I corrected it.

Hands. Q. Did you not swear that I was in company with Brown? A. I picked you out once through a mistake, I rectified it afterwards—I said that you changed your hat with another man, but it was a mistake.





WILLIAM PAYNE
. I live at No. 10, Paragon Row, Lock's Fields. Pitts hired a pony and cart of me on 23rd March—it was the same that was produced by the police—he had it five times up to the robbery—he told me he was a greengrocer, and lived in East Lane—the last time he hired it was at 5o'clock on the morning of the robbery or five minutes past—I do not know what is the distance from my house to Mr. Peterson's.

SERGEANT BOND. re-examined. I should say it is two miles.





WILLIAM PETERSON
. I am a tailor, of No. 2, Bond's Place, Rye Lane, Peckham. On 21st April, I went to bed between 12 and 1 o'clock—after I got to bed I heard a noise—it was very likely about 3 o'clock—I did not take particular notice of it—I had heard it previous to going to bed—I did not come down till about 25 minutes past 7 o'clock—I then found my house had been entered from the back parlour window—I cannot say that that window was secured when I went to bed, but it was shut down, and the shutters were closed—I found the cellaret open, and the drawers also—they contained wine—I went into my shop, and missed cloth and other things—this waistcoat was safe the night before in the same drawer with this piece of cloth—these other things were all safe, and more than these—what they took away, and what was moved, but left on my premises, was worth altogether about 80l.

Gregory. Q. What sort of ground is it at the back of your house? A. There

is pavement on the right hand, and there is ground—if you were to walk on the pavement it would make no impression, but on the ground it would.

Brown. Q. Do you fix the burglary at the hour of 3 o'clock? A. No—if I had supposed there were such characters as you there, I should have come down when I heard the noise.

Gregory's Defence. The only evidence against me is the stating that my foot marks corresponded with the foot marks in the garden, and there is no impression on the pavement.

Brown's Defence. On the day before this I met a man and he told me of a job at Peckham, and in struggling with the policeman I lost the note of where I was going; in going along, I found the piece of cloth and the waistcoat, and put them on.

Hands's Defence. The prisoner Pitts asked me if I would have a ride in the cart with him; I had never seen the cart before, nor been in his company, I had seen him with greengrocery; he asked me if I would have a ride; I said that I had no objection; I went with him to the parties' house where he got the cart, and then went with him to his house; his mistress was not ready to go, and he said, "We will have a drive by ourselves;" I got out, and he drove on; soon afterwards I got in again, and was with him till they apprehended me; as to the foot marks, I dare say where I got these boots there were fifty or sixty pairs like them.

Sharp's Defence.—I met those men that morning; I did not know them, but they asked me what time it was; they then said, "Come, take a walk with us;" I did so, and we walked on till they were taken, and I made off.

COURT. to
SERGEANT BOND. Q. Are the prisoners' boots here? A. No; they applied for them, and they were given up to them—(Gregory and Hands took off their boots, and handed them to the witness)—here are nails in them, but they are so smooth that they would not leave an impression—these boots of Gregory's have a very small heel, and the depth of the heel in the ground was exactly like this.

Hands I have a witness to prove that I was in bed till 5 o'clock that morning.





SARAH GOSLING
. (a prisoner). The prisoner Hands was in bed at 5 o'clock that morning.

COURT. Q. Was he living with you? A. Yes; he went to bed about 11 o'clock the night before—he got up the next morning about 5 o'clock, or 5 minutes past 5 o'clock—he was living in the London Road.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOYLE. Q. Were you living with him as his wife? A. Yes—I do not know Rye Lane—he got up about 5 minutes after 5 o'clock that morning—it took him five minutes to dress—he went out and came in about half past 5 o'clock; he had his breakfast, which took about ten minutes—he left me about 20 minutes before 6 o'clock—I did not see in what direction he went—I do not know any of the other prisoners; I had seen them, but never was in company with them—I do not know Sharp—I know Caroline Johnson, I live next door to her—I do not know that Sharp lived with her.

PITTS and SHARP—


NOT GUILTY
.

GREGORY—


GUILTY
.

BROWN—


GUILTY
.*—



Confined Eighteen Months.


HANDS—


GUILTY
.—



Confined Twelve Months.


Gregory was also charged with having been twice before convicted.






WILLIAM ROMAINE
. (Police sergeant, L 14). I produce a certificate—(Read: "Newington Quarter Session; 


William Malin, Convicted, Jan., 1848, of stealing a wooden box; 
Confined three months")—I was present—Gregory is the person—I also produce another certificate against him—(Read:

"Central Criminal Court; 


John Price, Convicted, Feb., 1851, of stealing a handkerchief having been before convicted; 
Transported for ten years")—I was present, Gregory is the man—he was discharged in 1855—he was tried in August, 1850, for a burglary, and acquitted—there are numerous other convictions against him.


GUILTY.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

(All the prisoners were again indicted, with




CAROLINE JOHNSON
. and




SARAH GOSLING
.,


for stealing three metal boilers, value 6l.; and 11 cwt. of lead, value 14l.; the goods of 



James Jeffries, on which no evidence was offered.)





NOT GUILTY
.
