



1781. 




RICHARD SWIFT
, was indicted

 for a robbery, with other persons unknown, on 




Thomas Pollard, and stealing from his person, 1 watch, value 2l. 10s., 2 sovereigns, and 12s.; his property.


MR. HUDDLESTON
conducted the Prosecution,





THOMAS POLLARD
. I am a labourer, of 10, Hambleton-street, Wandsworth-road; I work at Fulham. On Friday, 16th Aug., between 12 and 1 o'clock at night, I was in a street in Westminster, which I do not know the name of; I was going to my daughter's in Coburg-row, Westminster—I saw three women and two men; one of the women accosted me; I told her to go about her business—I had scarcely spoken a word before I was knocked senseless by the prisoner—that is the man (the witness appeared to point to a gentleman standing near the dock, but afterwards went up and pointed to the prisoner)—I am certain he is the man; my eyes are very weak, through working before a fire—as I fell, the woman made a grab at my watch-guard; the guard was not broken, but the ring was torn off the watch—I received a blow in the face, and was completely saturated with blood; my face was shockingly

disfigured—I saw the prisoner with the woman before he struck me, coming up to me; I had a good view of them—I came to myself and found a policeman with me—I missed two sovereigns and about 10s. in silver, from my right-hand breeches pocket, and my watch; the chain and ring, and 1s. 8d. were left—I went towards the station with the constable, and saw the prisoner about a couple of hundred yards from the station, near the church in Rochester-row—I recognised him as the man, and told the constable—it was a beautiful moonlight night, and the prisoner looked me hard in the face before he struck me.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARNELL
Q. Was the moon about the full? A. That I cannot say—I am quite positive there was a moon—when I saw the prisoner he was alongside of an officer—he was coming from the station-not going towards it—it was between 12 and 1 o'clock when I received the blow—I believe it was after one when I came to myself—I had been at Kensal—green that night—I was at work there, and lived there—I cannot say what time I left home, I should say about ten or eleven—I had not been in any public. house after leaving Kensal-green—I had been in no public-house there, except in the day-time I was in the Plough, and had a share of a pint of beer—I left work at five, and had nothing to drink since—I was going to my daughter's, at 10, Coburg-road—I was satisfied she would get up to let me in—I do not know the name of the street where I was attacked, I know it was somewhere near the New-road—I had never seen the prisoner before to my knowledge, or the women—there were three women—I have not seen any of them since—I fancy I should know the woman again who spoke to me, but I cannot positively say I should—I should not know the other man—I only saw one other man—it was all done very suddenly—I was knocked down senseless—in a moment.

MR. HUDDLESTON. Q. Had you as good an opportunity of seeing the other man, and knowing him again, as you had of the prisoner? A. No; for he looked me hard in the face, and the other did not.





WILLIAM YOUNG
. (policeman B 180). On the morning of 16th Aug. the prosecutor came to me; I went with him towards the station—on the way we met the prisoner with a constable, the prosecutor recognised him as the person immediately, and gave him in charge—the prisoner said he was not the man—we had walked about 200 yards before we met the prisoner—the prosecutor was quite sober.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose there were not many persons about at that time? A. No; we had not seen anybody till we met the prisoner—he was in custody of the other constable on suspicion of stealing a gold watch of a Frenchman; but they recognised him as not being the man, and he was then on his way back from the station—the other constable is not here—his name is Tucker, and his No. is 315—it was about half-past 1 o'clock when I found the prosecutor—I went with him directly towards the station—the constable told the inspector, in the prisoner's presence, that he had taken him into custody in Union-court, Orchard-street, and had come to the station with him directly—it would take about fifteen minutes to come from Union-court to the station; it may be three-quarters of a mile—I found the prosecutor in Tufton-street, that is about 300 yards further from the station than Orchard-street—we met the prisoner and the constable about 200 yards from the station—we had then come, I dare say, half a mile from where I found the prosecutor—Union-court is about 300 yards from Tufton-street.




GUILTY
. † Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years
.
