



920. 



JAMES HEAD



, feloniously cutting and wounding 



Frederick Richard Allen, with intent to murder him.—2nd COUNT, with intent to do him grievous bodily harm.


MR. CHABNOCK
conducted the Prosecution.






FREDERICK RICHARD ALLEN
. I live at 14, Lucy's-buildings, Laystall-street, and am a drover. The prisoner is my stepson; I married his mother—up to 8th Aug., when this occurred, we had always been good friends—he has three sisters, also the children of my wife by her former husband, Ellen is the name of one of them—I have no children—on 8th Aug. the prisoner came home about half past 6 o'clock in the evening—nothing of any importance occurred then—about half past 7 he came home again, and brought a female with him—I had not seen her above three or four times before—they had tea together at my house, and we had a pot of beer together—he was not tipsy then—he went out again, and returned between 11 and 12 alone, and very tipsy—he spoke very much against his sister Ellen, and called her names, and I took her part—she was in the habit of coming to see her mother—she was not there then, she had gone home; she was in service at Islington-green—I do not recollect what it was he said—I and my wife went upstairs to go to bed, and the prisoner remained downstairs—we occupied two rooms—I had got my trowsers off, and I spoke to him as he was below; he could hear me—I said, "Jem, you have taken your young woman home, then?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, just merely out of a bit of a joke, "I have seen that young woman in her smock many a time"—he then began to call me names, and abuse me, and his mother spoke to him, and said, "Why, you foolish fellow, you don't suppose for a moment that he has seen her without one"—he began abusing me and calling me names, and I said to him, "Jem, I won't have that noise there, I want to get up early to go to my work"—he still

kept calling me names, and I got a little bit out of temper—I said, "I won't have that noise there; I shall come downstairs, and see if I can't alter it" he replied, "If you come down near me I'll alter you"—I then ran down-stairs with my trowsers in my hand—he heard me coming and got out of the room into the court—I put on my trowsers, and went and saw him standing in the court with something in his hand, I could not see what it was distinctly—he said, "If you come out here, I will run you through"—I said, "You will? I ain't afraid of you"—my stick stood in the corner behind the cupboard door, and I took that in my hand and went out into the court—I cannot say whether I struck him or no with it first, but he came and flew on me and plunged an instrument into my side, I cannot say what it was—when I first went out at the door I recollect seeing my stick fall—we struggled together, close against my own window—I was clinging to him—he said, "Let me go"—I never answered, and when he found that I would not leave go of him, he gave me another desperate stab in the side—I then let go of him, and staggered to the opposite neighbour's window and fell on the ground, I bled very much—there was nobody there to part us—I laid on the stones for some minutes, and was then put on a barrow and taken to the hospital—I have been there ever since, and have come from there now—I did not, to my knowledge, strike the prisoner at all with my stick; I had it in my hand.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY, Q. After you gave your evidence before the Magistrate, did the prisoner cross-examine you? A. No, not at all; I swear that, not a word—I might have given him a number of answers—I heard Mrs. Nellis examined, but do not recollect what she said—I had gone upstairs, and left the prisoner downstairs—my drover's stick has a little bit of iron at the end of it—it is such a stick as is commonly seen in Smithfield—it is only a nail at the end—I drove it in myself—this is not the first quarrel I have had with my family by a good many—provocation caused it—I have not been charged with attempting to murder my wife—I have been committed three times for assaulting the police—that was years ago—my wife has complained of my driving the children out into the street, at I or 2 o'clock in the morning—she may have complained of it several times.

Q. Do you recollect driving this boy out several times into the street? A. He deserved it—I have not driven him out at 1 or 2 o'clock in the morning to my recollection—it might be before bedtime, I kept him out all night—I cannot tell how often that has happened—I do not know whether he had his shoes and hat off at the time I came downstairs—he was out in the court before I got downstairs—I do not recollect his running away from me up the court, and round the corner—I do not recollect running after him—I did not run after him round the corner, before I was stabbed—I had no sooner got outside the door than he flew on me, and stabbed me—I do not recollect whether the prisoner was eating his supper when I left him downstairs—his supper was there, and a knife for him to eat it with—there were two or three knives on the table, and my knife likewise—he came in after we had gone upstairs—I had got my trowsers off when he came in, and was going to bed—I believe his mother called out to him, "Jem, your supper is on the table"—it was then that I began talking to him—I did not say, "You have been to see your Moll home," or "You have got rid of your Moll," nor any words of that sort—I said I had seen her in her smock, and he said it was a lie—I did not threaten him with a beating, nothing of the sort.

Q. Did your wife jump out of bed, and say "For God's sake, Fred, what do you want to beat my child for to-night?" A. She was not in bed—she might have said that; I do not recollect whether she did or not—I might very

likely have said, "Get out of my way, or I will serve you the same"—this was all before I went downstairs—I then ran down with my trowsers in my hand—the prisoner was in the court, when I went down—I do not recollect that he had any meat or anything eatable in his hand—I saw something in his hand—I had my drover's stick in my hand when I ran out—I did not offer to strike the prisoner with it to my recollection—the prisoner might have said, "If you strike me, Fred, I will give you this"—he said, "If you come anear me I will run you through."

COURT. Q. Was it then that he said so? A. Yes; in the court—I was in the court when that was said—he said it once in the room and once in the court.

MR. HORRY. Q. Did you not strike him a heavy blow over the head? A. I cannot recollect whether I struck him at all—I was afterwards told that his head was dressed for a wound—I did not see his head bleeding—I might have given him a heavy blow with the stick, I cannot say whether I did or not—we closed, and had a struggle—I might have tried to throw him down; very likely I tried to strike him—it was while that was going on that I received the wound—I do not recollect the prisoner's sister, Ann Head, going to Charing-cross Hospital, in consequence of my kicking her—that is tome years ago—there was a little bit of a piece of work some years ago—she did not go to the hospital to my knowledge.

MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Notwithstanding, there seems to have been some dissension among you; on the night when he came in at half past 6 o'clock, and half past 7, were you and he very friendly together? A. Yes; we had a pot of beer, and the young woman drank out of it as well—the mother was not there then—my knife was a clasped one—it was on the table when I went upstairs—I have not seen it since.





HANNAH NELLIS
. I am the wife of Robert Edwin Nellis, of 24, Lucy's-buildings, nearly facing the prosecutor's. On 8th Aug., about a quarter past 12 o'clock, I heard cries of "Murder!"—I looked out of window to see what was the matter, and saw the prosecutor's wife in the court in her nightclothes—she was crying "Murder!"—I saw the prisoner and prosecutor wrestling with a stick—that continued some few minutes—the stick was then thrown on one side, and the prisoner left the prosecutor—I could not see whether he had anything in his hand, or whether he had done anything to the prosecutor—the mother fetched the prisoner back—he was running round the corner, as if he was going away—I believe the prosecutor bad not been stabbed then—the mother brought him back—she then went indoors, and looked out of window crying "Murder!" again—the prisoner and prosecutor were both in the court, and were struggling together under the window—the prisoner then left the prosecutor, and directly he left there was an immense pool of blood—I did not see anything in the prisoner's hand—after following the prisoner a certain distance, the prosecutor came back, pulled his shirt off, and gradually sunk under the opposite window, and there was another pool of blood there—he was taken indoors, and his wife came out and said, "Some one has murdered him, will not any one come to my assistance?"—the prisoner was not there then—I went and saw one of the wounds, and tied a cloth round the place to stop the bleeding—that wound was in the left side—he appeared very much exhausted, but I believe he was sensible.

Cross-examined. Q. You first heard a cry of "Murder?" A. Yes; when I looked out I saw the prosecutor's wife in the court, and the prisoner and prosecutor struggling—I do not know which of them had the stick—the

prisoner bad no shoes or hat on—I do not know whether he had any stockings—I saw him go away round a corner, that is about one house from theirs—I saw the prosecutor go after him—I saw the prosecutor come back—the prisoner did not come back after he had stabbed him—it was after he had stabbed him that he went after him—he went away once before he stabbed him, and then his mother fetched him back.





JOHN DELANY
. I live in Lucy's-buildings, near Mrs. Allen's—there are three courts, and I live in the bottom court—I was in the court when this took place—I saw a knife in the prisoner's hand—I cannot tell what kind of knife it was, it was not a clasp knife, it had a handle—I saw it used four times, like that (stabbing underhanded)—the prosecutor had the prisoner up against the window, and I went to take the knife away—my mother pulled me back, and gave me a clout of the ear, because she thought I should get stabbed—I did not get the knife, I never saw it afterwards—I saw the blood on the ground.

Cross-examined. Q. You were not examined before the Magistrate, I suppose? A. Yes, I was the first time; I was not bound over—I have been subpoenaed—my mother was out on this night—I was at home when I heard the screams, and I ran up to see the row, and I saw the mother in the middle of the two of them, standing and hallooing, and the prisoner ran up the court and turned back again, and said, "You old b, I will stick you"—he did not seem to be running away from the prosecutor—I did not see his mother fetch him back—I saw him run round the corner, and Allen ran after him—he did not go round the corner, he stopped and staggered back, and tore his shirt off—it was after the prisoner said "I will stick you," that he stabbed Allen—it was three or four minutes after he said that, that Allen staggered back—they had been struggling some time—Allen had him by his two wrists—I saw a stick, I do not know who had it, I saw it drop from between them, and it was after the prisoner had run round the corner—I did not see anything done with the stick—I think Allen had the stick when the prisoner ran round the corner, and the prisoner had the knife—I saw the knife—I did not see Allen raise the stick as if he was going to strike—he had it in his hand before the prisoner came up to him, and then they began to struggle: I did not see Allen raise the stick at all—I did not see what he did with it—the prisoner laid hold of it when they began to struggle—I think one was trying to take it from the other, and then I saw the stab—as Allen held the prisoner's wrists, he made a swing and stabbed him—that was after the stick had fallen; they continued struggling for about a minute after the stick fell—Allen said, "I will hold you tight."





MARY GODDIN
. I am a widow, and live in Lucy's-buildings. On 8th Aug., about 12 o'clock at night, I heard a cry of "Murder!"—I opened my window, and saw the prisoner and prosecutor—there was a stick between them, but who had it I cannot say, and I saw it thrown on one side—they had a struggle, and the prisoner got away from the prosecutor, and turned the corner—his mother came out in her nightclothes and went after him—she then went indoors, and the prisoner and prosecutor were struggling together against the shutter; one of them seemed to me to be warding off the blows of the other, I could not tell which—I did not see any knife, or anything in their hands—the stick was thrown away before the prisoner ran away the first time—they had no stick when tbey were struggling the second time—I heard the prisoner say at the first of it, "Come down, I have got something for you," and then he went away—after they left off struggling the

second time, the prisoner got away again, and the prosecutor followed him a few yards, and he then came back opposite his own door, and fell; the prisoner had then gone away—he had neither hat nor shoes on—I came down-stairs and saw a large pool of blood—I did not see the wound—some one fetched a policeman.

Cross-examined. Q. You were not examined before the Magistrate, I believe? A. No; I now live at 41, Baldwin's-gardens; I did live at 19, Lucy's-buildings—my attention was first drawn to this by hearing the cry of "Murder!"—I did not come out, I opened my window, saw the prisoner and his mother, she was in her night dress—it was then that I beard the prisoner say, "Come down, I have something for you"—he was outside his mother's door—I cannot say who bad the stick, it fell between them—I saw the prisoner run round the corner, and his mother went after him—the prosecutor was then at his own door, between his door and the window; the mother came back with the prisoner—they began struggling again just by the shutter, I could not tell which gave the first blow, the mother did not stand between them—I cannot tell whether Allen made a rush at the prisoner, or whether the prisoner rushed at him, or how it began—I went and told my son—I did not see the prisoner offer to pass in at the door—the first I taw was their scuffling for the stick.





WILLIAM LEE
 (City-policeman, 235). I took the prisoner in custody, the day after this occurrence, at the corner of Katton-garden, Holborn-hill—I was in my uniform—I was looking at him some distance before be came to me, from information I had received—when I got in front of him he crossed the road to me, and said, "I give myself up into your custody"—I said, "What for?"—he said, "For stabbing my father in law last night, and I have since heard he is dead"—it was reported that he was dead—I took him to the station.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you got the stick here. A. No; it was given to a Metropolitan officer.





GEORGE FREDERICK LANE
. I am house surgeon at the Royal Free Hospital, Gray's-inn-road. I was not there when the prosecutor came in—I first saw him on the 28th—he had previously been under the care of another house surgeon, who is ill and has gone into the country—I have attended him up to the present time—I examined him—he had six wounds, three on the abdomen, at the upper part, near the lower ribs on the left side—one on the left side of the chest, one on the right armpit, and one behind the right thigh—they had been made by a sharp instrument—a knife would do it—one of the wounds in the abdomen was still very deep when he came under my charge—the other two had nearly healed—it was reported to have touched the intestines, but I did not see the intestines myself—they were very dangerous wounds—his life was in danger for a long period after I first saw him—he is out of danger now, but still very weak—the deepest wound in the abdomen has not yet healed.

MR. HORRY
to
HENRY LEE. Q. Do you recollect the prisoner's head being dressed, or seeing any dressing about his head? A. No; I did about his hand—I do not remember that there was anything on his head more than a cap.

COURT. Q. What was amiss with his hand? A. It was bound up, and in a sling—I went to St. Bartholomew's Hospital, where he had been, to ascertain what was the matter with it—I did not take the prisoner there—I cannot say how long his arm was in a sling—it remained so when he was remanded on the first occasion.




GUILTY

on 2nd Count.—


Transported for Seven Years.



Before Mr. Baron Martin.

