



876. 




JOHN COLE



, feloniously wounding 



Emily Luker, with intent to murder her.—2nd COUNT, with intent to do grievous bodily harm.


MR. RIBTON
conducted the Prosecution.






STEPHEN ROBERT LONG
. I live at No. 69, Gracechurch-street, and am cashier in the service of Messrs. Capper and Son, linendrapers. I know Howley-place Villas—I went there on 7th July last, about half-past 9 o'clock in the evening, to deliver a parcel—I rang the bell of the garden gate—the servant, Emily Luker, opened it—I gave her the parcel—I saw the prisoner there, he was standing at the corner of the street—he came to the gate—as soon as I had given the parcel he drew out a pistol—I seized hold of it by the barrel—he was then, I think, about two or three yards from the young woman—he pulled the pistol out of ray hand, and I jumped on one side—he then levelled the pistol at the servant's head, and fired—she fell—the prisoner walked off—I went into the house—the girl was taken into the house, and I left—I did not see where she was wounded—I heard the report of the pistol.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. Did you observe the young man before you rang at the gate bell? A. Yes, he was at the top of the street when I first saw him—I cannot tell how far off that was—I think it was longer than this Court—he was standing there—I had no opportunity of seeing his face, to see whether he was in an excited state or not—I did not hear him say anything when the gate was opened by the girl.





GEORGE MACKERELL
 (police sergeant, A 349). On 7th July, about half past 9 o'clock, or 25 minutes to 10, in the evening, the prisoner came to the Paddington police station—the station is about four minutes' sharp walking from Howley-place Villas—he knocked at the door, and I admitted him—he said, "I am your prisoner, I am come to give myself up"—he repeated again, "I am your prisoner; I have killed a person, I have committed murder;" at the same time he showed a pistol that he had in his hand—Williams, another constable, took the pistol from him—I took him into the inspector's room—I asked him what he wished to

say to me—he said, "I have killed a person, or I think I have: I fired the pistol, and I saw them drop, arid then I came straight here"—I asked him if it was a man or a woman—he said, "A woman "—I asked him if he knew her—he said, yes, it was Emily Luker, and she lived at No. 9, Howley-place Villas—he said he had tried it three times yesterday, and he had told her before that he would do for her—I sent a sergeant to the house, and found it as he had stated.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe he was in a very excited state when he came to the station house? A. He was excited.





WILLIAM WILLIAMS
 (policeman, D 141). I recollect the prisoner coming to the station, on 7th July last—he brought this pistol from underneath his coat, and gave it to me—I produce it—I examined it—it had been recently discharged; it was quite warm, and smelt of powder—he said that he had taken life—I searched him, and found on him eight letters, a small quantity of gunpowder, four percussion caps, and several small stones—he said he had fired off enough stones out of this to kill three—I produce the stones, there are five of them—five of the letters are signed by the prosecutrix, addressed to the prisoner, and three are from the prisoner to her—the stones were loose in his pocket—it was after I had found the stones that he made the statement about having loaded the pistol.

Cross-examined. Q. Are those all the stones you found? A. I think those were all—I am not aware of any others—those were all.





THOMAS HASELDINE
 (police sergeant, D 10). The prisoner came to the station on the evening of 7th July—I heard him state that he had shot some one at Howley-place Villas—I went there, and saw Emily Luker on a bed in the back room, in a very dreadful state—the doctors then wished me to go back, to see if I could find out what the pistol was loaded with—I went back to the station, and said to Williams, in the presence of the prisoner, "Do you know what the pistol was loaded with, bullet, or shot!"—the prisoner answered, "With small stones "—I then went back to Howley-place Villas, and assisted in removing the girl to the hospital—the prisoner was afterwards taken to St. Mary's Hospital, to have the deposition taken—on his way to the hospital lie said he was very sorry, it was entirely her own fault, she had not sent him an honourable letter.

Cross-examined. Q. He was in a very excited state? A. Oh, very.





JAMES ROBERTSON
 (police sergeant, D 2). On the evening of 7th July I assisted in taking the prisoner to the hospital—on the way there he said he had been waiting about there on Sunday night, to see if he could see the prosecutrix—he made several other remarks.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he not say he had an appointment to meet her on that Sunday evening? A. No—he said he thought he should see her come out, but he did not say he had made any appointment with her—her—he did not say if he had met her on that Sunday he should not have been driven into the state of mind in which he was—he said nothing about an appointment with her on the Sunday evening.





EMILY LUKER
. In July last I lived at No. 9, Howley-place Villas. I have known the prisoner for nearly eleven months—in April last he made me an offer of marriage—I did not give him an answer to that—the acquaintance between us ceased on 18th May—he continued to call for nearly a fortnight after that; I saw him several times, but my fellow servant generally answered the gate—I saw him at the gate—no conversation then took place between us with regard to what had happened before—nothing was said about the offer of marriage—I do not remember that he said anything

about it—he wished to carry on the acquaintance—he said he thought we should be happy, and wished to carry on the acquaintance—I said I thought we could not be happy, and I thought it beat that we should break it off at once—when he left me he told me to remember Baker—he did not tell me what he meant by that, but I understood that he meant the young man that murdered the young woman at Southampton, as he had often spoken about it—he spoke about it at the time when Baker's trial was going on; we had conversed about it—we spoke about the newspaper, and things that were in it, and about the trial—on the evening of 7th July I recollect the youth Long calling with a parcel—he delivered the parcel to me—I then saw the prisoner by the gate poet, and he rushed out and fired the pistol at me—I saw him push the boy—I cannot say exactly how near he was to me when he fired the pistol, but I should say he could not have been much further than a yard or two—I heard the report of the pistol—I was struck in the eye, and fell; I was not insensible—I remember being taken into the house—I was afterwards taken to St. Mary's Hospital—I had seen the prisoner the evening before, Sunday, the 7th; I went to let my mistress in from Church, and saw him running towards the gate—I had not made any appointment with him for that evening—I cannot remember how long it was before that I had spoken to him—I am twenty-three years old.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was it that you first met this young man? A. At his master's, Mr. Gill—I went there to see Mr. and Mrs. Gill—that was where the acquaintance first sprang up—a short time after the acquaintance commenced we began to correspond—that correspondence continued for seven months—he always professed himself devotedly attached to me; he always appeared so—we have been out walking together—he has made me one present—he generally behaved with the greatest kindness and affection, both by word and by letter, but I found that he was of a jealous disposition—his proposals to me were proposals of marriage—I do not think I have ever written to him calling myself his affectionate Emily; I do not remember saying so—I kept his company for a little time after he proposed marriage—these two letters (looking at them) are in my handwriting—I remember now that I have called myself his affectionately—I do not know when this letter was written, but I think I had Dot written to him for some time before this; I think it was in the early part of this year—it is addressed from No. 1, Delamere-terrace, Westbourne-terrace, Hyde Park; I was living there at that time—I do not think this letter was written in April; I do not think I wrote a letter to him in April, but I cannot remember—when he proposed marriage to me in April, I did not give him an answer—he told me that he was in a good situation, and could keep me happy and comfortable, and that he would do his best, and devote his life and his energies to keep me happy and comfortable as a married woman—I did not give him any answer.

MR. RIBTON. Q. After the offer of marriage was made to you, do you recollect whether you wrote to him? A. Yes, I wrote one letter after I gave him my denial; I wrote a letter of denial to him—I should say that was nearly a month after the offer of marriage—these letters were written before the offer of marriage—I never promised to marry him—at the time he made me the offer in April, he asked me to consider it—I did take time to consider, and then wrote the letter; I told him first—on 18th May I told him at the gate that I wished to break off the acquaintance—I told him that I found him to be of a jealous disposition, and I thought we could never

live happily together if that was the case, and I wished to break off the acquaintance.





ANNE WINTER
. I live at No. 8, Howley-place Villas; I am a single woman. I recollect the day this transaction occurred—on the sunday before, I saw the prisoner there, between their gate and ours, walking to and fro—I saw him there about 9 o'clock—I stood and looked at him a few minutes, I cannot say how long; I saw him for a few minutes, but I saw him several times in the course of the evening, but only merely a few minutes at a time—he was walking up and down.





GEORGE MOSELEY
. I am shopman to Mr. Charles Heed, a pawnbroker, On 5th July I sold this pistol, I believe to the prisoner, but I will not swear to him.

Cross-examined. Q. You have no doubt about the pistol? A. No; I can swear to that; it has got my private mark on it.





ALFRED PAYNE
 (policeman, D 235). I recollect the evening that the prisoner came to the Paddington station—he produced the pistol, and said, "I am your prisoner"—I was locked up with the prisoner during that evening—he said he did it, that he was determined to do it, he was determined to take her life; that it would not have happened if she had sent him an honourable letter—I said it was a bad job—he said he should have been very sorry if he had hurt the young man that was there, but he did not think he could have done it, for he pulled him away with his left hand, and fired with his right—he said he bought the pistol in Chapel-street, but he did not know at which shop, that he put three charges in it, that he saw her fall, and he came away.

Cross-examined. Q. He was in a very excited state all the time? A. He was, all the time I was with him; he was more like a madman than a sane man all the time I was with him.





EMILY LUKER

re-examined. About a month or six weeks before this occurred, we had a supper at my master's house, to which the prisoner was invited—I did not invite a young man, a butcher, to the supper; he called I there, and he staid to supper; he came to see a fellow servant of mine—that young man was not paying his addresses to me, but to my fellow servant—there was an angry feeling between the prisoner and me with respect to that young man.

MR. RIBTON. Q. Was it after that that you gave him the denial A. Yes; and told him about his being of a jealous disposition; the supper was on 12th May, and on the 18th I gave him a denial—the young man was not paying his addresses to me, but to my fellow servant's sister.





JOSEPH HENRY PROSSER STAPLES
. I am house surgeon at St. Mary's Hospital The prosecutrix was brought there in the beginning of July last—I was called down stairs, and found her in the waiting room lying on a couch—her face was covered—I uncovered it, and found it very much blackened, and there was bleeding from the right eye—the face was also very much swollen—she was removed into the ward—I afterwards examined the right eye—it was destroyed, the iris was protruding; the eye itself was completely destroyed—there was a lacerated wound over the outer part of the orbit, above—the bone was bared—it was such a wound as would have been inflicted by stones of this description tired from a pistol—I considered it a dangerous wound at the time—she has been under my care nearly up to the present time—she has completely lost her eye—I cannot say that she is out of danger yet, she might have a relapse.


Cross-examined. Q. Did you in making your examination of the parts, discover any stone, or fragment of stone? A. No, I did not.

Q. A discharge of powder so close to the face of the girl would cause the same injuries without any atones at all, would it not? A. It must be very close; no, I do not think it would—it would not—the periosteum would not have been denuded from the bone, unless it had been touching the face—if the pistol had been touching the face, it might hare done so—supposing that the pistol was close up to the face, and then discharged, the appearances I observed might be caused by powder alone, without any stone being in the pistol.

MR. KIBTON. Q. Do you think that at the distance of two or three yards the powder alone could have inflicted a severe wound of that sort? A. Certainly not—if the pistol had been touching the akin, the bone would very probably have been denuded, but I cannot say that it would; certainly not at the distance of a yard.





JOHN GRAY
. I am an M.D., of the University of Edinburgh, and live at No. 1, Howley-place, nine doors from where the prosecutrix lived. I heard the report of the pistol as I was reading in my own room—I went out into my front garden to see what it was, and a woman came in a great hurry—I went to see the young woman; I found her lying on a bed bleeding profusely from the eye and the forehead—I examined it; I found the integuments severed from the frontal portion of the bone, and falling over the cheek, and a small portion of the bone exposed—the eye itself was burst and gone—it was such a wound as would have been inflicted by stones of this description fired from a pistol—I should say it could not have been caused by powder alone; you might have had a contused wound, but not the integuments dragged from the bone—I-should think powder could not have done that.

COURT. Q. Suppose that a stone had struck the face, would it have lodged there, or gone away? A. It would depend upon circumstances—the pistol must have been fired very close to the head, or she would have been killed; if it had been a few yards from her she would have been killed; in fact, so near must the pistol have been to her, that a great portion of the powder even did not explode—it is possible that the stones might have been fired from the pistol, and have struck the face, and then dropped, on account of the close proximity to the face—there would be no windage, and there would be no momentum; if it had been at any distance it would have gone into her brain—the pistol must have been very close indeed.
(The prisoner's statement before the Magistrate was read at follows: "I am extremely sorry that I injured her; my mind and feelings were too wounded, I could not master them; I did not know what I was doing.")

MR. SLEIGH
called






GEORGE GIBSON JACOBS
. I am a nurseryman and florist. I have known the prisoner since Feb. last—I knew him in Covent-garden market for a year or two before, but I have known him more particularly since Feb., and until the time this took place—he has always been an amiable, well-conducted, moral young man; honest, sober, and industrious—he was in my employ—as I came here voluntarily, I think there is one thing that I ought to state.

COURT. Q. Are you going to speak of what you know of your own knowledge A. Yes, it relates to about the time when the butcher was invited to take supper at the house—I was not present then, but from that time up to the time of this occurrence, the prisoner was not like the same man—I

set him to do something to some verbenas to frames, and he smashed the frames and the lights, and I believe he had not his proper senses; and during that week he demanded four different arrangements of wages of me—all my men said that he was turned cranky, and I am firmly convinced that he had not his proper senses at the time.
(William Gill, nurseryman, in whose employ We prisoner had been for two years, also deposed to his good character).




GUILTY
on the 2nd Count.
 Aged 23. 


Transported for Twenty Years.


Before Mr. Baron Bromwell and the First Jury.

