




534. 




JOHN FORRESTER
 and 




HENRY CROWTHER



, stealing 321bs. weight of lead pipe, and 1 copper, value 1l.; the goods of 



Edward Robert Butler, fixed to a building; both having been before convicted:—2nd COUNT receiving the same.


MR. BURNIE
conducted the Prosecution.






MART ANN FALKNER
. I am the wife of Charles Falkner, who keeps a marine-store shop at 3, Eyre-street-hill. On the evening of 14th Jan. Forrester came and asked me if I would buy an old copper and some old lead—I said, "Where is it?"and while I was speaking Crowther brought in a copper and some piping—I said my husband was not at home, and I did not like buying them—they said, "Then we will leave them," and both went out together, leaving the articles in the shop—I went to the door to see if my husband was coming—I saw Archer and Fisher, gave them information, and they afterwards brought back the prisoners—I am quite certain they are the men.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You had never seen them before? A. No; they were no time in the shop.

Crowther. Q. Did you not strongly deny us when we were brought to you? A. No; I said, "These are the parties," or "These are the men."





JOHN ARCHER
 (policeman, G 217). In consequence of information I went to Leather-lane and saw both prisoners there together—Fisher took Crowther, and I took Forrester—I told him I wanted him for some lead pipe and a copper—he made no answer—we went to Mrs. Falkner's shop, and she said, "These are the parties that brought the lead pipe to me"—I saw the copper and pipe there, and took possession of them—I found some lucifer's on Forrester—I afterwards went to 25, Brewer-street, Clerkenwell, which is an empty house, and assisted in comparing the copper and lead-pipe—there was a hold-fast in the wall which had catched

over the pipe, and had been coloured all over with the pipe, and there was the mark on the pipe where the holdfast had been.

Cross-examined. Q. Did the copper fit? A. Three parts round it did—it had been bent—I did not hammer it out, but the colouring on the edge was the same as on the brickwork—the pipe had been broken off—the first information I received about this was from Mrs. Faulkner—after I had been to the station I received information from a boy.





WILLIAM FISHER
 (policeman, G 127). I took Crowther, and the same night went to Brewer-street—I measured the place where the pipe had been cut off, and found it corresponded with the pipe, and the copper corresponded also exactly—there was a foot of pipe short, but a foot has since been found which also corresponds—there are about twenty feet—on examining the premises I found these matches, which are of the same colour as those found on Forrester.





JOHN ARCHER

re-examined. I told Mrs. Falkner there was a piece of pipe short, and on examining her place she handed this other piece to me—that was after the prisoners were committed.





WILLIAM OSBORN
. I am agent to Mr. Edward Robert Butler, of Furnival's Inn, the owner of this house in Brewer-street. On Tuesday, 14th Jan., I compared the copper and lead pipe which was shown me by the officers with the place, and they corresponded exactly—I had seen them safe fixed up on the Saturday before—I swear to the pipe by a hole in it, which was made by the last tenant.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know Mr. Butler's name? A. I have had transactions with him for fourteen years, and received the rents for fifty houses, and pay them over to him, and have seen his own signature.





WILLIAM TODMAN
 (policeman, G 125). I produce a certificate—(read—Clerkenwell, John Forrester, convicted Jan. 1850, and confined six months)—I was present, the prisoner Forrester is the man.





DANIEL MAY
 (City-policeman 857). I produce a certificate—(read—Central Criminal Court, Henry Yates, convicted Aug. 1849, of stealing from the person, having been before convicted, confined one year)—I was present—Crowther is the man.

FORRESTER—Aged 19. †

CROWTHER—Aged 18. †




GUILTY

on 2nd Count.—



Transported for Seven Years


