



466. 



OWEN SULLIVAN



, breaking and entering the shop of 



Edward Stanley and another, and stealing a box, 2 files, and other articles, value 3l. 10s. 9d.; their property: having been before convicted.






ALAR PHILLIPS
 (policeman, F 48). On 30th Jan., about two in the morning, I found the door of 18, Queen-street, Seven Dials, on the jar—I opened it, went up the passage, and saw the prisoner coming from the window of the workshop in the back-yard—I asked him what business he had there—he said he had been to the water-closet—I took him to the station, searched him, and found on him a knife, without a handle, and a latch-key—I went back to the place, and found six squares of glass in the window, broken—I got in through the window—there is a flight of steps in the shop to another shop above it—when I got to the top of the steps, I found this box as it now is (produced) containing five pairs of spurs and fifty-three pairs of spur sockets.






ELIZA BLACK
. I am the wife of David Black, and sleep in the back-parlour of 18, Queen-street—Mr. Stanley's shop joins the back part of it—on the night of 29th Jan. I went to bed about half-past eleven—about two in the morning I heard the front door burst open, and heard soft steps go along the passage into the yard—I did not take any notice of it, because there are lodgers in the house—in about ten minutes I heard steps come in and go to the back yard—I got up, asked who it was, and the policeman had got the prisoner coming out of the yard.





PHILLIP SPEAR
. I live at Doughty-street, Lambeth, and am apprenticed to Mr. Stanley, who occupies a shop at the back of 18, Queen-street—I was the last person there on 29th Jan.—I left two pairs of the spurs on the bench at the top of the shop, and the box with the spur-sockets in it on another bench; not packed together as they now are, but separate—I locked the shop, and left about ten minutes past eight, and took the key to my fellow-apprentice's house—the window was fastened—my master fastened it.





EDWARD STANLEY
. I carry on business with Henry Handy, at the shop at the back of 18, Queen-street. On 29th Jan. I left about half-past six—the window was then quite secure—these spurs are ours.

Prisoner's Defence. I was taken short, and went into the yard to case myself.





JOHN RADFORD
 (policeman, F 139). I produce a certificate of the prisoner' conviction—(read—Convicted September, 1848, and confined four months)—he is the person.




GUILTY
. 


Transported for Ten Years.

