




468. 




CHARLES THOMPSON
 and 




SARAH THOMAS



, stealing 3 shirt-studs, 3 breast-pins, 2 handkerchiefs, and other articles, value 5l. 8s., and 9 sovereigns, 9 half-sovereigns, 3 shillings, 1 sixpence, 9 pence, 3 half-pence, and 1 10l. bank note; the property of 



James Chippendale, in the dwelling house of 




Charles Edwin Hyde: to which


THOMAS pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.


MR. THOMPSON
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH DAVIS
. On 15th Jan. I was going to the Post-office is Lamb's-conduit-street, and met the male prisoner in the street—he looked very hard at me—as I was returning, he walked on the other side of the way, towards the Foundling, and when I got to my master's door, 24, Guild ford-street, he came up to me, and said, "I beg your pardon, I want to speak to you"—I asked what he had to say—he would not express himself, and I said if he did not go off the step of the door he would get me into trouble—he was dressed in a sailor's jacket—he would not go off the step, but insisted on my going up the street with him to hear what he had to say—I went, and he said he was taken with me because I was the image of one of his sisters—he then asked me whether I was engaged—I said I was not—he then asked whether I had any objection to him—I said I had not, so far as his looks went—we then went to a public-house in Guildford-street, and had 3d. worth of brandy at his request—we came out again directly, and be said he was going to the Woodford Arms to get his great coat, and he would be back in an hour's time, as I was going out again that evening—he said he was the mate of a ship, lived in the Kent-road, and paid 8s. a week for his lodging; that his landlord was a very respectable man; he was also the mate of a ship, and had known him twelve years; the landlady was very respectable, and he was very comfortable in his apartments—he said he would send his landlady to me to prove that he was respectable, and a single man; that he was a respectable man, and not ashamed of his name, and not ashamed of earning an honest crust—we met again that evening, and he walked with me to the Times office, where I went for my master—he said something about marrying me, but not anything particular—about half-past nine the next morning the female prisoner came—she asked me if my name was Elizabeth Davis—I said, "Yes"—she said she came from Mr. Williams—I stood a moment, not thinking of the name, and she said, "Charles Williams"—I said, "Oh, the sailor?"—she said yes, she was his landlady, and she brought a message from him, that he would be most happy to see me during the day, if I could get out—she said as he was in liquor the night before, he was afraid he insulted me—I said a man could not have behaved more prudently than he had done—I said I could not get out, but if he liked to came up in the evening he could speak to me at the door—he came in the evening, and asked if I could get out—I said, I could not, but I would try if I could in half an hour, and he went over to the public-house—I went at eight to the

public-house, and he was gone—the next evening the female called, and stated that he was gone to his ship, and was not able to call—she remained with me in the kitchen—she brought a little rum, which she said he had sent from the ship, and we also had a cup of tea—while she was there she went to the water-closet on the second-floor, and while she was up there she went into one of the bed-rooms—on the Saturday night the male prisoner called again after dark—he came into the kitchen, and remained about half an hour—he wanted some beer, and I said I would go for it—he would not let me, and said he would go himself—I should think he was gone five or ten minutes longer than I should have been gone myself—when he came back he said he wanted to get away, as he wanted to meet some friends—he said he would call on the following day, Sunday, at five, and stay till ten—he came on the Sunday, about a quarter-past five, and came into the kitchen—he complained that his feet were very bad—I noticed his shoes, and they were very loose—no one was at home but me, and he asked how long my master and mistress would be—I said I expected them every minute, and they came in very shortly after—the prisoner asked whether they were going to Church—I said I did not know—he said he had brought a little rum from the ship, as it was his birth-day—I asked him to take some tea, and he refused—I said I should go out if my master and mistress did not—he then said his feet were very bad, and he could not walk—he then said he would go out and get a cigar to smoke—he went, and remained out about twenty minutes—I should think it was about seven when he returned—he came down stairs, and after be had been a few minutes in the house, asked me to go to get some beer—he told me to go to the farthest public-house, (by which I understood the one at the end of the street,) because the beer at the other was bad—I went, came back, and then had a little rum-and-water which he made for me, because it was his birthday—he impressed it upon me—after I had taken it, I felt rather curious about the head—I do not understand rum at all—I had drunk rum before, and it did not have that effect——I afterwards went and asked my master whether he was going to Church—I do not know what time that was—after that my master called out, loud enough for the prisoner to hear, that he saw a light in Mr. Barber's room; he lodges on the second-floor, and Mr. Chippendale occupies the first—he asked if Mr. Barber was in—I said no, and ran upstairs—I asked the prisoner not to go away, and he said he should stand at the door, and he followed me up to the hall—I went through the bed-rooms and found all the drawers open—when I went into the front bed-room on the top floor I observed a person under the bed—I cannot say whether it was a man or a woman, but it was that plaid shawl (pointing to the one the female prisoner had on) covered over somebody—I ran down stairs to get assistance, and the female prisoner afterwards walked down stairs—I bad been into all the rooms at about a quarter-past four, and they were then safe—I afterwards went into Mr. Chippendale's bed-room, and found all the drawers open—they were not in that state at a quarter-past four.

Prisoner Thompson. Q. How many glasses of grog did we have together on the first evening? A. Only one—on the Sunday night you poured yourself out a glass of rum, but I do not know whether you drank it—you did not drink my health—there was no one else in the kitchen.





THOMAS HINDS
 (policeman, E 83). I was called to 24, Guildford-street—I searched the house, and on the floor, behind the drawing-room door, I found nine sovereigns and nine half-sovereigns scattered across the floor

towards the window, which was open—I found 3s. 6d. lying on a handkerchief, which Thomas acknowledges to be hers—I also found a 10l.-note, a memorandum-book, and two gold pins, scattered about the floor, in the same direction.





RICHARD CRUWYS
 (policeman, E 112). I went to the house, and the female was given into my custody—I asked if she had anything about her—she said, "Nothing"—I asked her to turn her pocket out—she did so, and I directly found a small gold snap by her feet—she said she was let into the house by a man, that there were two men in the house, but they were both gone out at the front door.





FRANCIS MORRIS
 (policeman, E 10). I produce a carpet bag, which I received from Mr. Power.

Prisoner Thompson. The bag is mine.





EDWIN AUGUSTUS POWER
. I keep the Turk's Head, King-street, Holborn. On the morning of 22nd Jan. the male prisoner called at my house, and asked if he could be accommodated with a bed, as he had been travelling—he brought this bag with him—I gave it, unopened, to Morris—the prisoner took this jacket and coat (produced) out of it, and left them on the chair by the side of the bed—he did not come at night for his bed—he was taken into custody in the day.





ELIZABETH DAVIS

re-examined. This jacket is something of the colour of the one he had on—I think it is the same, but cannot swear to it.





CHARLES EDWIN HYDE
. I am a surveyor, and live at 24, Guildford-street—it is my dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. Pancras. About half-past seven o'clock, on this Sunday evening, I saw a light in one of the bed-rooms, and called to the servant to know whether the person occupying that room was at home—she said, "No"—I called her up to search with me, and on the third-floor, under my bed, we found a person concealed—we thought there might be two or three under the bed, and closed the door, till we got the police in—I afterwards found the female prisoner in the house.





CHARLES CHIPPENDALE
. I occupy the drawing-room and bed-room above it at this house. This 10l. note is mine, I have the number of it in my pocket-book—I took it down about a month previous—I swear to these studs—I left home about half-past twelve o'clock, leaving the note and money in a dressing-case, which was locked in one of the drawers—I took my keys out with me.





EDITH DOBSON
. I live at 22, Margaret-street, Spa-fields. The prisoners took an apartment of me, as man and wife, some time last month, I think it was the 12th—they cohabited together—I do not know what occupation the man followed—he always appeared in the dress of a sailor.

Prisoner Thompson. Q. Did you ever see me with a coat on? A. Yes, over your jacket.

Thompson's Defence. I met Davis, and, on coming back to her master's, she asked me to come again and see her; I said I would rather walk out with her; I did not like going to gentlemen's houses; she invited me to come the next day; I sent word that I could not; I went the next evening to that; she wanted me to come in; I said I would not come in, but would go over the way, and wait for her; I waited half an hour, and left word with the landlord, that if a young woman came, to say I could not stay any longer; I went there next morning, and the landlord said she had been, and he had told her; I saw her again on the Saturday, and we drank the best part of a pint of rum together; she wanted some ale, and said the rum was rather too

strong for her; I went and got a pot of ale, and it was not good; she complained of it as well as me; she invited me to come on the Sunday evening; I took some rum, and she drank of it; I gave her 2s. 6d., to fetch a pot of ale; and before the master discovered there was any one in the house, the rum and ale were all gone, and no one was there but her and me; about half-past seven she came, and said to me, "My master suspects there is some one in the house;" I said I would stop at the door; I went to the door, and afterwards went over to the Guildford Arms; I afterwards saw a mob opposite the house, and said, "I shall keep out of the way of this;" I know nothing about the female coming to the house.

THOMPSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Ten Years.

