




869. 




JOHN BURNS
, and 




WILLIAM BURNS



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Mason, at 

St. Paul, Deptford, and stealing 4 spoons, 1 time-piece, and other articles, value 10l.; and 1 5l. bank-note; his property: to which


WILLIAM BURNS pleaded—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.



MR. PARNELL
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN MASON
. I am a timber-merchant, of Florence-terrace, New-cross. On Monday night, 4th March, I went to bed about half-past eleven o'clock—I left the outer doors secure, and the parlour-window unbroken—my servant called me about six in the morning, and I found the house had been broken open—the back-parlour window was up, and the shutters wrenched from their fastenings—I missed some spoons, a time-piece, a great coat, and other things which I had left safe in the parlour the night before—these are portions of my spoons (produced)—they have my initials "J.M." on them—this dessert spoon has "H. M. M." on it—it is mine.





JANE ELIZA MASON
. I am the prosecutor's daughter. I went to bed at half-past eleven o'clock on 4th March—I saw that the parlour-shutters were fastened, and the window safe—in the morning, I missed my desk from the sideboard in the back parlour—it contained a 5l.-note, three paper-knives, a dictionary, a ruler, and several other things—this is the desk (produced)—it is broken open—the 5l.-note is gone—I missed about 7s. 6d. from a small box in the back parlour, and a magnifying-glass, and a clock, and a Ladies' Companion from the mantel-piece—these are the things I missed.





MARY ANN MORRIS
. I am servant to Mr. Mason. I came down first on Tuesday morning, about six o'clock—I found the back parlour shutters forced from the wall, and missed some of the things—I went and told my master.





JOSEPH HEATON BENSON
. I am a silversmith and jeweller in Newington-causeway. On Tuesday morning, 5th March, William Burns came and offered for sale a dessert-spoon, a pair of sugar-tongs, two salt-spoons, find a tea-spoon—the handles were broken off all of them—I went out at the private-door, got a policeman, and gave him into custody—while I was at the station, two constables came in with the tops of the spoons and sugar-tongs, which fitted those that had been offered to me—those produced are them.





GEORGE TOMPKINS
 (policeman, M 166). I was called by Mr. Benson, and went with him and William Burns to the station—I searched him, and found in his shoe this handle of a dessert-spoon, with the initials "H.M.M." on it—I also found on him 5l. 10s., two threepenny-pieces, and this coin, this dictionary, and this silver thimble, which Miss Mason has identified—I afterwards went to John Burns's house—I asked him if a person named William Burns lived there—he said, "No"—I asked whether he had got a son named William—he said, "Yes"—I asked where he worked—he said he had not had any work for some time, but he worked for a man named Sitell, in Clerkenwell—I asked when he had last seen his son—he said, between nine and ten o'clock the previous evening; that his wife was ill, and he went upstairs; that he was not in the habit of living there; he came there occasionally; he had not seen him that morning—he said he did not know where he lived.





JOHN CARPENTER
 (policeman, R 38). I went to the prosecutor's house on Tuesday morning, and found it broken open—in the parlour I found this crowbar—I compared it with the marks on the shutters, and found that it had been the instrument used in breaking them open—I also found this knife, which had been used to the putty—I found that a drawer in the book-case had been attempted, and between it and the frame of the book-case I found this point of a screw-driver—in the back garden I found the footmarks of two persons coming to and going from the house; one was rather larger than the other—next morning I compared William Burns' shoes with the larger set of the footmarks, and they corresponded exactly—I afterwards went to John Burns's house, and in a cupboard there I found this desk and its contents, and in a drawer over the cupboard I found this portion of a screwdriver,

and a quantity of other screw-drivers and things—they are very good housebreaking tools—I have compared this part of the screw-driver with the point I found in the book-case, and they exactly correspond, so much so that when it is put together you cannot see where it is broken—John Burns was at that time in custody—I went to the station, showed him the tools, the iron bar, and the screw-driver, and asked him whose they were—he said they were his, and the iron bar he said was, a burnishing tool, and showed me how it was used—the shoes of John Burns would not fit the other footmarks; they were larger.
(John Burns put in a written defence, declaring that he knew nothing of the things found in his house, or how they came there.)

JOHN BURNS—


NOT GUILTY
.
