




909. 




THOMAS LEWIS
 and 




FREDERICK GUARD



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



Edward James Burch, and stealing therein 2 miniatures and cases, 1 watch chain, and other articles, value 12l., and 6 quarter guineas, his property.


MR. THOMPSON
conducted the Prosecution.






ABRAHAM MARTIN
 (policeman, E 113). On the morning of 25th July, about half past 2 o'clock, I was on duty in Great Russell-street, and saw a light burning in the first floor front room of No. 35—I waited a short time, got three constables, we gave an alarm, and Mr. Burch got up—we found one of the windows half way up, and the middle square broken close to the hasp—the persons had got away when we gave the alarm.





EDWARD JAMES BURCH
. I live at No. 35, Great Russell-street, Bloomsbury, a corner house; I am a hosier. On 24th July, I went to bed about 11 o'clock, leaving all the doors and windows firmly secured—I was awoke between 2 and 3 o'clock in the morning, and found the drawing room window broken, and one of the fastenings undone, in which way I imagine an entry had been made; the other window was open, by which I think the parties had escaped, because the lead of the waterspout was bent—I missed a miniature, a gold chain and locket, six gold guineas, and a variety of other things, which had been lying on a table in the centre of the room.





WILLIAM BAKER
. I am a watchmaker, of No. 25, Long-acre. On 25th July, about 9 o'clock in the morning, the prisoner Lewis came to my shop, and offered me two quarter guineas for sale—I said, "Where did you get them?"—he said he had picked them up in Broadway, Bloomsbury—I said, "Where is the purse?" (nothing had been said about a purse); he said, "There was no purse"—I said, "There was more than this," and he put his hand in his pocket and took out two more—I said, What did you do with the purse?"—he said, "I throwed that away, it was no good"—I said, You have stolen these, you must go with me to Bow-street," and took him there.





HENRY BINGHAM
 (policeman, E 153). On 25th July, I was on duty in Bloomsbury-street—about 1 o'clock in the morning I saw both the prisoners,. who I had known some time, and another man, close to Mr. Burch's house—they went down Great Russell-street—about a quarter to 2 o'clock I saw Guard, and a man who is not in custody, close to Mr. Burch's house; they both went away towards Bedford-square—about half past 2 o'clock I saw the prisoners and the other man close against Mr. Burch's house; that was about ten minutes before the alarm was given—Guard and the third man came up Bloomsbury-street towards me, and passed me in George-street, but they went into Oxford-street first—they separated at Church-lane, which runs out of George-street—Guard went up Church-lane, I went up New

Oxford-street, came into Arthur-street, which the other end of Church-lane comes into, and saw Guard meet Lewis—I ran after them into Carrier-street, and lost them—all this was before the alarm was given—a constable came and spoke to me, and I went to Mr. Burch's house, and saw one window broken and the other open—I took Guard about 9 o'clock in the morning; I knew that Lewis had been taken about five minutes previously—I told Guard the charge—he said he knew nothing about it.

Cross-examined by
MR. LILLEY. Q. How long before had you seen Guard? A. I have been in the habit of seeing him for the last two years, and have spoken to him many times—I saw the light at No. 35; I was in company with Martin—I am quite sure I saw the prisoners together before the alarm was given—the last time I saw them they were together—I have been seven or eight years on that beat.





JAMES BROWN
 (policeman, F 142). I took Lewis, on 25th July. I got these four gold coins (produced) from Mr. Baker—I asked Lewis where he got them; he said he picked them up in Broad-street—I know the prisoners, and have seen them both together—I went to Mr. Burch's, and found the first floor window broken—I examined the edge of the window, and on the dust were marks of corduroy trowsers—Lewis had corduroy trowsers on.





EDWARD JAMES BURCH

re-examined. These gold coins are part of what I lost—I know one of them by a small mark near the nose.

LEWIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.

GUARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 22. (Lewis was further charged with having been before convicted.)





WILLIAM SMEE
 (policeman). I produce a certificate (read: "Westminster, Feb., 1853, James Day, convicted on his own confession of stealing gutta percha. 
Confined three months")—I was present—Lewis is the person.
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(A policeman stated that Guard was sentenced to two months, in June, 1853, for breaking a square of glass to get in at a window, and had also been sentenced to one month for being found over a high wall with a like intent.) GUARD—


Transported for Ten Years.

