



950. 




MARIA SMITH



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Mackall Reeves (since deceased), and stealing 1 vietorine, and other articles, value 2l. 6s. 6d.; his goods.—2nd COUNT, feloniously receiving the same.







MARY ANN REEVES
. I am the widow of John Mackall Reeves; he lived at 48, Phoenix-street, in the parish of Christ Church, Spitalfields. On 4th April I retired to bed at ten o'clock at night—the house was then fastened—I got up in the morning at half-past five—I received information, and went to the back of the house—the washhouse window had been taken out—they could not get in by the washhouse—they opened the door, went into the yard again, and broke in by the back-room window—they broke six squares of glass—I found the things strewed about the room, and I missed this victorine, the shirt, and other articles—they were the property of my late husband, John Mackall Reeves; he laid bad in bed at the time.





THOMAS COUCHAR
 (policeman, H 186). On the morning of 6th April I was on duty in George-street, Spitalfields—I saw the prisoner about twenty minutes before six o'clock—is better than a quarter of a mile from the pro-secutrix's house—she went into 2, George-street—she had this bundle with her—I followed her in, and asked her what she had got in it—she said she did not know—I asked her where she got it—she said, from a person whom she did not know—I took it to the station—I found in it these articles: Mrs. Reeve claimed them—a considerable quantity has not been found.

Prisoner. I was going to work, and met a young man, whom I know by sight, but do not know his name; he asked me to take the bundle in-doors; I did not know what the things were; I was undressed; the officer made me dress myself. Witness. She had no shoes, stockings, or bonnet on—she seemed as if she had walked some distance; her feet were dirty.





JOHN WILKINSON
. I have seen Mrs. Reeve's house—the persons had gone out from a side-door up a turning, and gone to the back window—there were the tracks of men's feet with shoes.




GUILTY †on the second Count.
 Aged 19.—


Transported or Seven Years.

