




711. 



JOHN FISHER
 and 




JOHN WILKINS



, stealing 1 coat, value 7s.; the goods of 



Thomas Barrett; Wilkins having been before convicted: to which


WILKINS* pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years
.





THOMAS BARRETT
. I am a cab-driver, and live in Warren-street, Fitzroy-square. On 1st March, at half-past eight o'clock at night, I was at the door of the Green Dragon—I had a coat inside the cab—I went into the house for about three minutes—when I came out my coat was gone—this is it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How do you know it? A. Because it has been patched—I have had it seven years.






JAMES VINCENT
 (policeman, N 258). On the evening of 1st March I saw the two prisoners next door to the Green Dragon, looking in at the window—they were together—it was about a quarter-past seven o'clock—in consequence of information, I took Fisher into custody the next morning, at a quarter before eight—Wilkins was with him, but he made his escape—Fisher was taken to the station—he was told he was charged with being concerned with Wilkins in stealing a coat out of a cab at the Green Dragon—he said he knew nothing about it.





JAMES DRAKE
. On the evening of 1st March, I saw the two prisoners together at Hackney-wick, about a mile from the Green Dragon—they stole a jar of snuff—I saw them together afterwards in a lane about half a mile from the Green Dragon, and Wilkins had this coat under his arm—I took it from him, and asked him to give me the snuff back—he said the coat was his father's—I said I did not think it was his father's—I went with him to his father's house, and his father was not at home—when I told Wilkins I should go to his father's, Fisher ran away—I saw the two prisoners together next morning.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. A mat-maker; I have not made any for a long time—I have been working at the Hackney Union these four months—I have a wife—I never was charged with anything but once, when I went by the railway into the country, and did not pay—I meant to pay when I got there—I was never accused of robbing Mr. Standfast, whom I made mats for—I go to a beer-shop sometimes, which is kept by Mrs. Hunter—I was not found by two persons knocking my wife in the road, and dragging her down—I did not drag her down, I struck her—she came to ask me to go home—two men did not run across a brook to try to rescue her from me—they told me to go home, and I said I would if my wife would—I did not tell anybody that I had waylaid Wilkins and snatched a coat from him, and after examining it under the gas I found it a rag.

FISHER—


NOT GUILTY
.
