





1730. 




DAVID JONES,



 HENRY WILKES
, and 




JOSEPH SMITH



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Jabez Bryant, and stealing 1 coat and other articles; his property; and 1 gown, and other articles; the goods of 



James Pilon.







HENERY DONKIN
 (policeman, S 283). On the morning of 12th Aug., I was on duty in High-street, Camden-town, and saw all the prisoners there—Jones had a bundle in this shawl—I asked him what be had got—he said he was a traveller, and this was his own property—I told him I was not satisfied; I should take him to the station—he said he would put me on my back—I called two other constables, who took the other prisoners—they denied all knowledge of each other—this hat was on Smith's head, and his cap in it—this visite was in Wilkes's hat, and this coat on his back (produced).

Smith. Q. Did you see us come out of a coffee-shop? A. No; you were very violent at the station, and took out this knife (produced); it was not open—it was after you took that out that three policemen took hold of you.





JABEZ BRIAMT
. I live at 13, Park-terrace, Camden-town, and occupy a part of the house; it is a separate tenement. On 12th Aug., I went down, about half-past 7, and found a number of articles of wearing apparel on the stairs, and the lock of the door unscrewed, and hanging down—I called my brother-in-law and his wife, who were sleeping in the back parlour—we examined further, and missed the clothes produced—I found a piece of wood taken from the back-kitchen window, so that a person could undo the latch, and get in—the doors and windows were all secure when I went to bed, at half-past 11 the night before—this coat is mine, and the shawl is my wife's, and these other articles were all safe the night before—my house is in St. Pancras parish.

Wilkes. Q. Is the white handkerchief yours? A. There are two; one of them is mine, and has my name on it.

Smith. Q. Were you the last person up? A. Yes; I am not sure whether I secured the kitchen door—I may have left it open that night—it bolts on the inside.





JAMES PILON
. I drive a ginger-beer cart for Mr. Gyles. I slept in this house this night—this hat is mine, and was safe when I went to bed—the petticoat and dress are also mine, and there was 2s. 1d. in the dress when it was taken off the night before.

Jones's Defence. I bought the articles of a woman in a coffee-shop at Camden-town, about 2 o'clock in the morning, who said she was hard up, and wanted to pay her rent.

Wilkes Defence. I bought the coat and visite for 8s., or 8s. 6d. and met the other prisoners, who I had never seen before, at the coffee-shop.

Jones's Defence. I bought the hat and handkerchief for 1s. 9d., of the same woman Jones bought the other articles of.




GUILTY
.

Jones and Smith were further charged with having been before convicted: to which they pleaded



GUILTY. JONES—Aged 24; SMITH—Aged 21—



Transported for Seven Years each.
 WILKES—Aged 26.—



Confined Nine Months.

