




82. 




WILSON CUNNINGHAM
 and 




JAMES LEWIS



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Wilson, and stealing 1 cream-jug, 4 lbs. weight of tea, 4 coats, and other articles, value 7l. 5s., his property; Cunningham having been before convicted: 2nd COUNT, receiving the same.






JOHN WILSON
. I am a tea-dealer, and live in Vassal-road, Brixton, in the parish of Lambeth—it is my dwelling-house. On 29th Oct., about 5 minutes before 6 o'clock, in consequence of something which my servant told me, I got up, and found a large hole had been cut in the back kitchen-door, at the bottom part, by which means the fastenings inside had been withdrawn, and the lock undone—the back kitchen door leads into the garden—there is an inner-door leading to the premises, the box of the lock of which was broken—I examined the house, and missed a dozen and a half of table-knives from the kitchen, a silver cream-jug, a tea spoon, a pair of boots, four great coats from the hall, from a cupboard in the back-parlour 4 lbs. of tea, and two shawls, and a cloak—I had gone round the house at half-past 11 the night before, when the doors and windows were all fastened—I observed the back kitchen-door particularly—it was bolted with two bolts, and the lock was fastened, and the hole was not there—I saw the coats in the passage the last thing before I went to bed—these (produced) are them—they are mine, and these knives, forks, and clock (produced) also.





JAMES WESTFOLD
. I am a dust collector. On Saturday, 30th Oct., about 9 o'clock in the morning, I was moving some dust and rubbish from a heap in the mews, which is seven or eight yards from the back of the prosecutor's premises—as soon as I uncovered the rubbish, and began to take it up, I found two baskets; one had got a lid tied down, and the other had not—they were just lightly covered with leaves and rubbish—the baskets contained three coats, a quantity of knives and forks, and five packets of tea—I saw the things when they were taken out afterwards—these things produced are the same—I went round to the front of the house directly, and inquired, and in consequence of what I heard, the things were taken to Mr. Wilson, who owned them—I put the baskets back from where I had taken them, covered them as they were before, and left them.





STEPHEN STANDAGE
 (policeman, P 355.) On Saturday morning, 30th Oct., about 11 o'clock, in consequence of information, I went to the prosecutor's

house, and was shown these things—I made arrangements with West-fold about putting them back—about 4 o'clock I was placed, with another officer, to watch close by, and about 6 o'clock I saw the prisoner Cunningham coming down the mews in a stooping position under the wall—he went direct to the dust heap, and began raking the leaves and rubbish on one side—he stooped for a moment, and when I saw him up in the corner apparently busy, I got over the wall—he saw me get over, and was making his way up to the end of the mews again, but I took hold of him and asked him what he did there—he said he came to ease himself—I told him I should take him in custody for committing a burglary at Mr. Wilson's, in the Vassal-road, on Thursday night—he said, "Very well, you can take me where you like; I know nothing about it; I was at work in the Borough-market"—there is a gate at the end of the mews, which I fastened at 5 o'clock.

Cunningham. Q. Did I touch the baskets? A. I saw you begin raking the rubbish—I cannot say whether you touched the baskets—it was dark.





THOMAS TAPPING
 (policeman, P 285). About half-past 10 o'clock on the Friday morning I went to the prosecutor's house, and in the garden I observed a fresh footmark, about ten yards from the back window—I covered it with a handglass, to preserve the impression—the next day I assisted to put the articles back, and about 6 was watching at the place, and saw Cunningham at the basket—I was in such a position that I could not see him till he got to the basket, but I saw him there, and saw him take a coat out of a basket—Standage then got over the wall—Cunningham dropped the coat, and was going away, when Standage took hold of him, and I picked up the coat—I found Lewis at the gate of the mews, which is sixty yards off—he saw us, walked away a short distance, and then turned back to meet us—I asked him what he did there; he said he was going home from his work—I asked where his work was; he said it was over the Common—I asked him where he lived; he said, "At Camberwell"—I asked his name and address; he said it was very strange a man could not come along from his work without being stopped—he did not give it me, and when Standage came up with Cunningham I told Lewis I should take him for being concerned with him—he made answer, "I know nothing of that young man; I may have seen him, but I never spoke to him"—at the station I took off both the prisoner's shoes, and on Sunday morning I went to the place where I had seen the footmark—I found that Cunningham's left shoe exactly corresponded with it—I tried it by making an impression by the side of the mark, where there was the same sort of soil.

Cunningham. Q. Was there anything else in the basket besides the coat? A. Nothing but the coat in that basket—I found the coat about two feet from the basket.

Lewis. Q. Do not you think, at the distance I was, I could have got away? A. You may have, but it is very unlikely.





MARK HOGG
. I am a labourer, and know the prisoners. On Saturday afternoon, 30th Oct., at 3 o'clock, I saw the prisoners drinking together at the Royal Standard, Kennington-common—they had a pot of beer between them—I have known them five or six years, have seen them together before, and know them to be associates.

Cunningham. Q. Was there anybody else with us? A. Yes, there was another person.

Cunningham, in a written defence, stated: "On or about the 29th Oct. I went with the prisoner, James Lewis, to Stoke Newington, to look after work; we returned about 6 o'clock in the evening, and as we were going direct home, down Foxley-road, I said to Lewis, 'Just remain here whilst I

go down here to ease myself;' I went about half way down till I came to a rubbish heap; I was compelled to go down thus far as there were a number of doors, back entrances to the houses in the front street; after I had done what I wanted, I looked round to see if I could find a piece of paper, when so doing I saw something black; I took it up to see what it was, and it turned out to be a coat; at this moment a policeman jumped over a wall, and said he should take me in custody on suspicion of breaking into the prosecutor's house; I told him I knew nothing about it; he then asked me where I had been working; I told him in the Borough market; we then went to the top of the Mews in the road, when I saw that Lewis was in custody of another policeman, who denied knowing me, but for what reason I do not know; they then took us to the station house, and took away my coat, handkerchief, and boots; next morning they brought them back, and said they did not belong to the prosecutor, and that the boots did not correspond with the footmarks in the prosecutor's garden; the inspector asked him how he tried the boot to the mark, and he said he laid the boot on top of the footmark, and found that the footmark was two inches longer than my boot; the inspector then told him that was not the way to correspond the boot with the footmark in the garden; he then took the boot away again, and now swears that they do correspond with each other; this was on Saturday night, two days after the robbery was committed of which I now stand charged, but of which I declare that I am quite innocent."




GUILTY
on 2nd Count.

LEWIS. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.


(Cunningham was further charged with having been before convicted.)





FRANCIS BAKER
 (policeman, P 322). I produced a certificate—(read—Surrey. Wilson Cunningham, convicted at Newington, Oct., 1851, Confined Six Months)—I was present at that trial—Cunningham is the person who was found guilty.

Prisoner. I was abroad at the time. Witness. I am quite certain you are the man; I am not the man who had you in custody, the man who had you has his leg broken, and is not able to attend here; but I was in Court at the time, and heard you tried with two others.

CUNNINGHAM—
GUILTY. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.

