



1623. 




JOHN BELLAMY



, feloniously administering to 



Louisa Meredith a large quantity of laudanum, with intent to enable him to steal a box, and divers goods; her property. Other COUNTS, varying the manner of stating the charge.


MR. BRIARLY
conducted the Prosecution.






LOUISA MEREDITH
. I was a servant at Mr. Gadsby's, Punch's tavern, in Fleet-street. I quitted the service on 26th July—my master said I should take my luggage when he paid me—I went outside the door, towards the corner of Farringdon-street, and saw a little deformed man, outside the door—it was the prisoner—I asked him if he could recommend me to a respectable lodging—he told me he could take me to one—I told him to go and call a cab; he did so—I went into the house and got my wages, and my box—my wages were 26s., and I had a few halfpence in my pocket—my master's porter carried my box to the corner of Farringdon-street—the prisoner helped the cab man put it on the cab—I told the caiman to draw up to the first public-house, and I would give him a drop of ale—he did so, and I told the prisoner to call for some ale—he said, "I have no money"—I said, "I don't

wish you to pay for anything;" and I gave him half-a-crown to pay for the cab and the ale—he called for a glass of rum for me, and I took it and drank it—the cab man and the prisoner drank the ale—I had nothing but one glass of rum—after drinking that, and walking to the cab, I remember no more—I felt very queer when I went into the cab—next morning, when I came to myself, I found myself in the hands of two policemen, at the station—I saw my box again on the Monday or Tuesday at the station; it was quite right, unlocked as I had left it, and the clothes were all right—the box and clothes were worth about 5l.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long had you lived at Mr. Gadsby's? A. About two months—I have not lived very long in the public line, about a year and a half—I have been for the last year a plain cook, and I took this situation as scullery-maid, that I might not be out of a situation, thinking I should have a kitchen-maid's place—I had not been to the Spotted Dog, in the Strand, that afternoon—I do not know it—I was not there with a cabman named Kennerly, having something to drink—I was at my master's from 2 o'clock to 4 that afternoon—I was not at the Spotted Dog that afternoon, or at all—I was not asleep there, nor was I woke up—I am quite sure of it—I had never seen the prisoner before—I meant to have asked the caiman to recommend me a lodging, but I thought the prisoner looked a hard-working man, and a likely person to tell me, as I was a servant myself, and could not afford to pay much for a lodging; and I told him I wanted a respectable lodging, as my box was not locked—it was not because the prisoner had given me something to drink, at the Spotted Dog, in the afternoon, that I asked him to find me a lodging—I do not remember anything after I got into the cab till next morning—I have drank a glass of rum before the last thing at night, but I never found myself anything the worse for it; and as to good ale, I have it every day of my life—I do not have rum, except at night, when I have got a cold; I am not fond of a glass of rum—I have had a very bad cold ever since they threw the cold water over me, to wake me—I had nothing the matter with my throat before—before I lived at Mr. Gadsby's, I lived at St. John's Wood tavern; I was there a fortnight; they wanted an experienced cook, and I was not good enough—before that, I was at Mrs. Dale's, of Princes-terrace, five weeks—those are the only places I have lived at in London—I was in Brighton before that—I am a perfect stranger in London—I had drank nothing that day but my beer, as usual; we generally have half-a-pint at 11, and half-a-pint at half-past 1—I had had nothing else—I am a stranger in London—I have no friends nearer than South Wales—I am a Welsh girl—I did not say anything about going to the play when I got my wages: I did not intend to go; I intended to get tome things, and go to Brighton on the Sunday.

MR. BRIARLY. Q. You have drunk a glass of rum before? A. Yes; it never made me insensible before—I lost 23s. on this occasion—I had a few halfpence, then 3s. in silver, and a sovereign in my hand; I did not put it in my pocket.





THOMAS JUDD
. I was driving a cab for my master on 26th July. I was in Bridge-street, at the corner of Farringdon-street—the prisoner came and called me, and I took him and the prosecutrix, and put her box on the roof—she told me to be careful of it, because it was not locked—the prisoner assisted me to put it up—I was told to pull up at the first public-house in Fleet-street, which was the Boar's Head—I stopped there, and they both got out, and went in—what they had to drink I cannot say—I had a glass of ale, and another five or six minutes afterwards—they stopped there about twenty minutes, and then came back—the prosecutrix was then rather the

worse for what she had had; I was surprised to see such a sudden change in her in so short a time; she seemed in a sort of stupid state—after they came in the cab again, they told me to drive them to Rolls'-court, which is close to St. Clement's Church, in the Strand—I drove to No. 4, Boswell-court, I think it is called—I helped the prisoner off with the box into the house—he said it was his lodging; and he said to the landlord, "Me and my wife sleep here to-night"—the prosecutrix was still getting worse, but she got out and went to the door—the landlord said, "You cannot sleep here, because you are a single man"—I helped the prisoner in with the box, and then I went and put on the rank close to the Church—they went to a public-house close by—I was afterwards called there—the prisoner was inside the public-house, and the prosecutrix was lying out on the pavement, with her hair all about her face, and her shoes off, apparently dead—the prisoner said, "I want you to drive me over Waterloo-bridge," and he would show me where to pull up—I took them up, and went over the bridge—I pulled up at one house, and they would not take them in; they saw what a state the woman was in—I was told to go to another house, and they refused them there, and also at a third house, at Broad wall—when I opened the cab-door there, her head was out, and her hair all about her face—the policeman Rowe came up, and assisted her out—the prisoner paid me 1s. fare, and I came away—the prosecutrix was put in a barrow, and taken to the station—on Monday night, 28th, I went with the policeman to No. 4, Bos well-court, where I had taken the prisoner, and found the box there—I then went with the policeman to find the prisoner; we found him at the White Hart.

Cross-examined. Q. When you found the woman lying on the pavement, were there any persons about? A. There were I should say twenty or thirty—I had never seen either of the parties before—the prisoner recognwed me again when I went up a second time; he shook hands with me and said, "Why, you set me down a few minutes ago"—as soon as the prisoner saw the policeman, he stepped it—he did not say a word—I was only driving the cab that evening, because my master was ill.





JOHN HUSBAND ROWE
 (policeman, L 67). On Saturday night, 26th July, I was in Broad wall, and saw the prisoner pulling the prosecutrix out of the cab by the shoulders—I took the number of the cab—he left her in the street—I asked if he knew the woman—he said it was his wife—I said, "Don't ill-treat her; I had better take care of her; you are not married" (I have known him two or three years)—he said, "Yes, I am"—I said, "Why don't you take her to your lodgings"—he said, "I am in private lodgings; I cannot"—I looked round for him, and he was gone—I put the prosecutrix into a costermonger's barrow, and took her to the station, and charged her with being drunk and incapable—she was quite speechless and insensible—I felt in her pocket, and found this bottle (produced), containing a small portion of laudanum, as a doctor stated whom I fetched; it was damp then, but has dried since—the prosecutrix did not come to, till about 4 o'clock on the Sunday morning—the doctor used the stomach-pump, and she was washed, and they kept walking her up and down, to keep her from going to sleep.

Cross-examined. Q. You took the prisoner I believe at the White Hart, in the Strand? A. Yes; I told him I wanted him for stealing a box, which I had found at his lodgings—he said, "Very well, I will go with you;" he was committed for stealing the box and clothes.





LOUISA MEREDITH

re-examined. I had no laudanum about me when I left Mr. Gadsby's—I had nothing in my pocket but a few bits of paper—the bottle must have got into my pocket after I lost my senses.


Edward Lambert, farrier, of 20, Wellington-street, Blackfriars-road, deposed to the prisoner's good character.





GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.

