




54. 




JOHN ALTHAM HARTLEY
 was again indicted

for uttering a forged order for the payment of 5l. 10s., with intent to defraud 



Thomas South.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY DREW
. I am a surgeon, in Gower-street. I have known the prisoner many years—I do not know what he is now, he was a lawyer—I knew his family—he came to me on 10th Oct., represented himself to be in great distress, and asked me to write him a letter recommending him to a situation in the police-force—I wrote him a very guarded certificate—he then said he had had nothing to eat that day, and borrowed 2s., promising to repay it on the Saturday—he came again on Saturday, 12th Oct., and said he was unable to pay the 2s.—he produced this check, and asked if I would be kind enough to cash it, or advance him something on it, as it was after banking hours—it was between five and six in the evening—I lent him 30s. on it, which was all I had in my purse, and said I would cash it on Monday, and give him the difference—he said it had been paid to him by the drawer; that 2l. 10s. of it belonged to himself, and the rest to Mr. Unwin—I said, "I suppose it is a good check?"—he said, "Do you think I would give you one I did not believe to be good, and you such an old friend?"—I did not ask him who George South was—( the check purported to be drawn by George South for 5l. 10s., on the London and Westminster Bank, payable to Hartley and Unwin, and was dated 14th Oct., 1850)—it was on Saturday 12th he gave it to me—I afterwards wrote to him, stating that the check was dishonoured, but he did not answer my letter.





THOMAS SMITH
. I am a surgeon, in Bow-lane. On Friday afternoon, 18th Oct., the prisoner brought me this check—(this was dated 18th Oct., on the London and Westminster Bank for 5l. 10s., payable to Messrs. Hartley and Unwin, and signed James Reynolds)—he asked me to let him have a few shillings on it; that it was a crossed check, and he could not get it changed—I gave him 10s., and he said he would call for the rest in the morning—he called next day, but I did not see him.





EDMUND BIRDMORE
. I am a clerk in the Westminster branch of the London and Westminster Bank. We have no account with James Reynolds or George South—these checks bear the same number—that number would only be given to one person—these came out of a check-book which was issued to a Mr. Matthews, five or six years ago.




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Baron Alderson.

