





627. 




ANN DAVIS,



 JOHN SMITH
, and 




JAMES WILLIAMS



, stealing 1 watch, value 9l., and 1 watch chain, value 30s.; the goods of 



Edward Young, from his person.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






MICHAEL HAYDON
. I am an officer of detective police. On Friday evening, 4th June, I was on duty with Brett in plain clothes—about half past 10 o'clock that evening I observed the three prisoners—Davis was standing in the middle of the road at the King William-street end of Cannon-street—she was talking to a gentleman, and Smith and Williams were standing about twenty

yards off under a lamp post, looking towards them—the gentleman left Davis, and she went along King William-street towards the Bank—the two male prisoners crossed to the other side of King William-street, and followed Davis a short distance towards the Bank—Davis accosted another gentleman, and turned back with him to the corner of Cannon-street—she remained talking to him there for about a minute, and Smith and Williams returned to the corner of King William-street opposite the corner of Cannon-street—as soon as the gentleman had left Davis, Smith and Williams crossed from the corner of King William-street, and stood talking with her for about a minute—they then went down Cannon-street to Neighbour's Tavern, into which they all three went—they remained in there about ten minutes, and they all three came out together—Davis went down King William-street, and Smith and Williams crossed over to the other side—we followed them for about an hour, during which time Davis accosted twelve or fourteen gentlemen, and upon all occasions Smith and Williams were within sight, keeping pace with her and stopping when she stopped, until they got to the corner of Bow-lane—at nearly half past 11, Davis there accosted the prosecutor, and went with him along Bow-lane as far as George-yard, and Smith and Williams crossed from the opposite side, and went up Bow-lane after Davis and the prosecutor on the same side—there is but one pavement there—Davis and the prosecutor stopped at the corner of George-yard—Smith stood about eight or ten feet from the corner of the yard in a doorway; I lost sight of Williams—I saw Smith and Williams go into Bow-lane—I still kept sight of Smith, but I lost sight of Williams—Davis and the prosecutor remained there between five and ten minutes; at the end of that time I heard a cough, and at the same moment I saw Davis running from George-yard along Bow-lane into Bow Church-yard, at the corner of which I was standing—I went after her, and overtook her about half way through the Churchyard—I laid hold of both her hands, and said, "You have robbed that gentleman; what have you got?"—she said, "What do you mean? I have got nothing;" but finding she kept her left hand clenched, Iendeavoured to open it—she struggled very violently to prevent me, and in the struggle we both fell—she endeavoured, by kicking and biting my hand, and dragging my hand to her mouth, to prevent my opening her hand—at last I succeeded, and took this watch out of her hand, and this chain—the glass of the watch was broken, and one of the hands—on the road to the station she asked me what I wanted with her; I told her it was for stealing a gold watch—I took her to the station and left her with an officer, and I went back and found Smith and Williams were secured—I went back to the station and resumed the charge of Davis—I was not gone above half a minute—Davis was asked by the inspector where she lived, but she and Smith refused to tell—I found on Smith a gold ring and a door key, on Williams one farthing, and on Davis a key was found by the female searcher—before Davis accosted the prosecutor I had noticed him, and I saw a chain in front of his waistcoat—I passed at the moment she accosted him—when this watch and chain were shown to him he claimed them at once—I had seen the prisoner Williams frequently before, and I have an indistinct recollection of the others.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What time did you and Brett meet that evening? A. About half past 7 o'clock—it was about half past 10 "when we saw the prisoners—Davis was in the centre of the crossing at the centre of King William-street end of Cannon-street, and the men were at the corner of Cannon-street, under a lamp-post—they went along King William's treet to Cheapside—I was standing at that corner of Bow Church-yard that

comes into Bow-lane at the time I heard the cough—that is ten or a dozen yards from George-yard—the cough came in a direction from George-yard—Davis appeared immediately after the cough—the prisoners were about ten minutes in the public-house—I saw Davis speak to gentlemen, and they did not want to have anything to say to her except in one instance—she succeeded in walking for a few minutes with one.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. You lost sight of Williams when you were in Bow Church-yard? A. Yes—I did not see him when the cough was given—he and Smith followed Davis into Bow-lane—I saw Smith in a door-way, but I lost sight of Williams—he might have gone on into Watling-street, and he might have turned into Queen-street and come into George-yard again—I did not take Williams, but he was taken immediately—he gave his name, and trade, and address—I made inquiries, and found it right—he lived at No. 1, Great Peter-street, Westminster—he was quite sober—the prosecutor had been drinking, but he was sober—I saw him in Bow-lane after I had secured Davis—George-yard is a bye-place—the prosecutor had been going towards the Bank from St. Paul's—a man would not go up Bow-lane to go to the Bank—I did not go into George-yard to see what was going on.





JAMES BRETT
. I am a detective officer of the City. I was with Haydon on the evening of 4th June—I saw the three prisoners about half-past 10 o'clock at the corner of King William-street—I saw them all go into a public-house and come out again—I kept my eye on them till they got to Bow Church—I saw Davis stop a gentleman at the top of Bow-lane, which turned out to be Mr. Young, the prosecutor—she was in front of him, meeting him—she took him by the arm down Bow-lane—Smith and Williams were on the opposite side of Cheapside watching the female, and they crossed Cheap-side and walked down Bow-lane after them in company—Davis and Mr. Young turned into George-yard—I passed Smith and Williams in Bow-lane, and as I passed the end of George-yard, I saw Davis and the prosecutor standing in George-yard—I went on down Bow-lane into Watling-street, and round Queen-street into Well-court, which is the opposite entrance to George-yard—when I got to the commencement of George-yard, which is rather wider than Well-court, I saw Davis and Mr. Young standing in the same place where I had seen them when I passed down Bow-lane, and on my right hand side, in a dark corner of George-yard, the prisoner Williams was standing—I heard Davis cough, and at the same time I saw Smith come up to Mr. Young, the prosecutor—he appeared to speak to him, and appeared to detain Mr. Young by keeping him In conversation—he was standing in front of him—at the time Smith came up, Davis ran away—in fact she ran directly after she had given the cough—Smith came between Mr. Young and the direction Davis had run—Mr. Young must have gone out of his way to have got by Smith and have got into Bow-lane—I walked towards Mr. Young, and Smith; and Williams, who was following me up George-yard, came up to the side of me—I took hold of Smith and Williams—Russell, another officer, came up—I delivered them to him, and told him to keep them—Smith said, "What are you holding me for?"—I made no answer, but turned to the prosecutor and said, "You have been robbed, Sir"—he put his hand to his waistcoat-pocket and said, "Have I?"—I did not stop, but immediately Russell took Smith and Williams, I ran to see if Davis was in custody, and saw Davis and Haydon struggling on the ground—having seen Davis in custody, I went back and found Russell struggling with Smith, holding him against some shutters—in consequence of what Russell said, I ran down Bow-lane and saw Williams struggling with Mr. Young—I took

Williams into custody—he said, "What are you taking me for?"—I said, "For aiding the woman in robbing the gentleman of his watch"—he said, "I did not take his watch"—I then took him to the station.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What time did you meet Haydon that night? A. I went out with him early in the evening—it might be 7 or 8 o'clock—I first saw the prisoners about half-past 10—the robbery was committed from a quarter to half-past 11—when I saw Smith and Williams go down Bow-lane I went round and came to George-yard another way.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. How far were you from the men when they went down Bow-lane? A. I was on the side where the Church is; when they went down Bow-lane, I passed them, and went into Watling-street—I went to the other end of George-yard, where I knew Davis and the prosecutor were standing—Williams was in the other end of the yard, in a dark corner—I do not know how he got there, but I suppose, after I had passed, he must have followed Davis and the prosecutor into the yard, and passed by them—the place he was in was about twice the length of this Court from them—I passed him while he was in the corner, and went on to Davis and the prosecutor as soon as Davis coughed—then Williams followed after me—there is no difficulty to get out at the other end of the yard, but it is a very dark and narrow part—there is a way through—there would have been no difficulty in Williams getting out, but, instead of that, he came after me.





EDWARD YOUNG
. I am a jeweller, residing in Cornhill. On the evening of Friday, 4th June, I had been supping with a friend at the west-end of the town—between 11 and 12 o'clock I was coming home—about a quarter or 20 minutes past 11 I had come through Fleet-street—I there ascertained that my watch was safe—it was in my pocket, and the chain was passed through a button hole—I went on, and got to Bow Church—Davis there came up to me—she accosted me by taking hold of my arm, and she wished me to go with her—I told her I was going home—I could not get rid of her—she still clung to my arm, and we turned down Bow-lane—I wished to get out of Cheapside; I did not wish to be seen with her in Cheapside—I should think we went down about twenty yards, to the corner of George-yard—I had not seen any other person up to that time—I stood talking with Davis in George-yard—the prisoner Smith came up to ask a direction—he passed between us—Davis left at the moment he came up—Smith asked for the Bull's Head, or whether it was Bull's Head-court, I cannot tell—no noise had been made then that I had noticed—Davis started away—up to that time I was not conscious that I bad lost anything—Smith stayed with me till an officer collared him—I did not see Williams at that time—when the officer came up he collared two men—I was aware there were two men in custody, but I did not see Williams till he was in the hands of the officer—I do not recollect seeing Russell come up—when Brett collared Smith and Williams, he said to me, "You have been robbed"—I looked down, and my watch and key were gone—my chain had been through my centre button hole—I saw Williams running down Bow-lane—I pursued, and caught him—I kept him till an officer came up, and handed him over to him—I had seen my watch safe in Fleet-street, and between there and Bow-lane no one had been near enough to take it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You must have been considerably mystified; you heard no noise, and did not see there were two men till they were both collared? A. No; I had had nothing but a pint of porter for my supper—I had nothing to drink in the daytime, and yet I did not see my watch taken, and did not know it was gone.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHARNOCK. Q. Where were you going? A. I

was returning home to Cornhill; my nearest way was not through that court but I turned down Bow-lane because I did not wish to be seen in Cheapside with the woman—I was at the corner of the court—my shoulder was against the brickwork at the corner—I was not up the court at all.

COURT. Q. Have you told us all that passed? A. Not quite all; when Smith came and asked about Bull-yard, he repeated the question once or twice—I suppose about a minute he might have kept me in talk, and then Brett came up—when I took Williams he was running towards the Thames, Watling-street way—he had got away from Russell—I did not hear anything said by him or by Russell—it was a very short time.





JAMES RUSSELL
 (City policeman, 474). I was on duty in Bow-lane on Friday, 4th June—I went into George-yard, and saw Brett with Smith and Williams—he delivered them to me, and he went away—I took hold of Smith and Williams by the neck—they struggled violently, and dragged me out of George-yard into Bow-lane—I was obliged to loose Williams to secure Smith—I called to Brett that one had escaped—he asked which way he went—I said, "Down the lane," and he ran and secured him—I do not think I saw Mr. Young—my attention was engaged with the prisoners—I secured Smith, and took him to the station—in going, he tried to untie his handkerchief and take it off—he asked me if I was going to choke him.





JOHN WRIGHT
. I know the prisoners Smith and Davis—they live in Friar-street, in the same house—I do not know that they lived together—I knew them living there the last four or five weeks.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When did you see them living there? A. I have seen them coming out of that house—I think that is a month ago—it is a large house—a great many persons live in it.

DAVIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—



Confined Six Months.



SMITH*—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.

WILLIAMS*—


GUILTY
. Aged 38.





Transported for Seven Years.

