



429. 




EDMOND CALING



, feloniously cutting and wounding 




Thomas Sampson, with intent to do him some grievous bodily harm.






THOMAS SAMPSON
. I am a stone sawyer, of End-street. On 26th Dec., I was at the Swan public-house, between five and six o'clock, drinking a drop of porter with four or five others—twelve or fourteen men came and burst the door open—the prisoner and his mate were the first that came in—I was standing at the fire warming a drop of beer, and I put the pot over the fireplace—I caught up the poker to hide it behind a seat—the prisoner caught hold of it, and because I would not give it up to him he took the pot off the shelf and hit me on the head with it, which knocked me down, and I let go of the poker—I had had no quarrel with him—he was not tipsy—I have drank with him before—as I was getting up, a young chap up with his fist and gave me a black eye—the prisoner was by at the time.





WILLIAM HOLTON
. I was with Sampson, and saw the prisoner rush in to take the poker from him, and because he would not let him have it he took the pot from the mantel-shelf, and knocked him down with it—another man came up and kicked him as he was getting up—Sampson had not used the poker in any threatening way, he was hiding it.





WILLIAM TURNER
 (policeman). I took the prisoner outside the house—I saw Sampson's head bleeding.






THOMAS MORRISS
. I am a surgeon, of Peckham. Sampson was brought to me next day with a wound on his head—I did not ascertain the depth of it as it was scabbed over—I have no doubt it was a severe blow—there was a bruise all round it—it might have been inflicted with a quart pot.





MARY LEWIS
. I was at the public-house, and saw the prisoner come in with two others—twelve or fourteen followed them—one of them knocked a man down senseless under the table—Sampson took the poker from the fireplace and hid it—the prisoner tried to get it from hit hand, and as he could not he took a quart pot and hit him on the head—he had done nothing to provoke him; not a person in the house had said a word to any of them—they dragged Sampson out of the room by the hair, threw him up against the bar, and left him there senseless.

Prisoner's Defence. I had been drinking; I heard there was a row at the Swan, and went there; Sampson and one of the neighbours were fighting; he had the poker in his hand behind him; I tried to get it, but knew no more about it.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Justice Patteson.

