



226. 




JOHN COMPTON



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



John Lee Benham and others, at 
St. Marylebone, and stealing therein, 33l. 5s. 6d. in money, his property.


MESSRS. BODKIN. and
CLERK. conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN LEE BENHAM
. I am an ironmonger, carrying on business with my partners, in Wigmore street. Our premises are part in Wigmore-street, and part in Welbeck-street—I reside on the premises—about the beginning of Dec., we were making alterations in the premises, so as to throw in the house, No. 65, Welbeck-street, and labourers were engaged there, and had been that day—there is a large shop door which enters from Wigmore-street into the shop, and communicates with the house part of the premises in Wigmore-street—there is also a door at the house, No. 65, Welbeck-street—on 10th Dec., the party wall had been thrown down, so as to communicate from No. 64, Welbeck-street, into the premises in Wigmore-street—at the back of the premises in Wigmore-street, are leads which cover the rooms on the ground floor—on 10th Dec., I retired to rest at 11 o'clock; my servants retired at the same time—the shop had been fastened up previously; the door in Wigmore-street was fastened also, but it only fastens with a patent latch, there is no bolt to it—on the morning of the 11th, I was awoke by the ringing of the bell in Wigmore-street—my bedroom is on the second floor, at the corner of Welbeck-street—I looked out at the window, and saw a policeman in Welbeck-street—I went down to the door of No. 64, Welbeck-street, and found the door standing open, and the prisoner at the door in his policeman's uniform; another policeman was there also—as I came down I heard the prisoner say to the other policeman, "Do not you leave, if you do, I will report you"—I spoke to the prisoner first—there is a large well hole, which leads down to the basement of No. 65, without any railing; and I said, "Last night I saw a candle left burning there, by the basket of one of the builders; we will go down here and see whose basket it was by which the candle stood; it may lead to some discovery"—I then went down the ladder of the well hole, to the basement floor, and found the basket and candle, and said, "We will take away this basket; I will take it into my private room, and I will find in the morning whose basket it is"—the prisoner went down with me (I had sent a person to put the candle out when I discovered it)—I afterwards discovered that the basket belonged to one of the gas fitters, one of my own workmen—you can easily get from the basement to the street by coming up the ladder—the prisoner said, "I will carry the basket"—he went forward, and did not go up the ladder that we had come down by, to my surprise, but went up a new staircase which was in an unfinished state; there are about four steps, and then the frame of a landing, but nothing to step on—that staircase brings you up into No. 65, Welbeck-street, to the ground floor; it is the intended communication from the ground floor to the basement—the house looks east at the corner of

Wigmore-street and Welbeck-street—the well hole is inside the house (The witness pointed out the different positions on a plan)—I came up the staircase which brought me up to the ground floor of No. 65, Welbeck-street again—I then went over the show room on the ground floor, which extends over the premises in Wigmore-street, and also to the back, but we went merely over the premises in Wigmore-street—a party wall had been taken down, and in the partition an aperture was made by which we go through at the west end of the other house; we went through, and then went eastward the whole length to the lamp room—nothing appeared to have been disturbed—I said to the prisoner, "Here is nothing disturbed, everything is precisely as it was"—he made no observation upon that, and we returned; I intending to take him out into the street again, to let him out—in doing so he came to a little enclosure in which there was a desk belonging to one of my sons, and he said, "Let us look in here"—it is a little recess between the shop and No. 65; it forms an aperture in the party wall—it is visible from the shop, and there is a railing, a little gallery—I looked at my son's desk, it had been apparently disturbed, the papers inside had been moved; it was shut, but not locked—I said, "Well, here is nothing gone;" for I had no suspicion of money whatever—he said, "Look here;" referring to a drawer which was standing open on the left hand, under the desk; the bolt was shot up, and it evidently had been forced open by some means—I had no suspicion that money had been kept in that drawer—I said, "It has evidently been broken open"—we then went into an adjoining office belonging to my eldest son; it leads towards Welbeck-street; the prisoner went in first—I did not cause him to go in there; I think I said, "We will go to the next desk," but I do not remember—I lifted up the desk, and saw the papers in great confusion, but said, "They have taken nothing however"—he then said, "Look here," pointing his light down to a drawer below the desk which had been forced open; he said also, "Here are two porte-monnaies lying open on a chair, and empty"—I did not know to whom they belonged, but I suspected to my son—we then went into the shop where the clerk's desks are, and he directed his light to another little drawer under the first desk which we came to—he went first, of necessity, to the clerks' desks, for on entering my second son's counting house, it is so narrow, that whoever went first must continue first—I did not direct him which way to go; he went forward into the shop first—there was another small drawer which had been forced also—he then went forward, I am not sure who went first, to another office, where the writing clerks are, and there he pointed my attention to a cash box which had been broken open—an erasing knife was lying by the side of the cash box, it had been broken evidently in the attempt to open the cash box—I was not still under the impression that nothing had been taken when I saw that the drawers had been forced; but my impression was, that they were very trifling sums—we kept money in that cash box, we generally give out 10l. among the clerks for change, and that I imagined would be the extent of the loss—I conducted the prisoner to the door by which he had entered, and the other policeman was still there—just before he went out we had been up stairs, into the drawing room of No. 65, and found the window open—the glass had been taken out of that window for the convenience of the workmen going backwards and forwards—the window opens on to the leads of the premises in Wigmore-street—the leads are bounded on one side by Easly-news—on 10th Dec., the builders were employed in going out of the room in Wigmore-street, over those leads to the mews; but the builders who ascend that ladder were not employed

there, but in a different show room; it was not the builders employed in Welbeck-street, but others—the prisoner went through the window by means of two planks that were there; he walked up the planks, looked about and came back, and said, "One of your windows is open"—I said, "We will find that out, I can see none;" and I went into the house again, and asked the servants if one of the windows was open—I found that it was not one of my windows, but one at No. 20, Wigmore-street—my drawing room window was open—we examined the street door, but there were no marks of violence whatever—the other doors were quite secure—the inspector came to me about 9 o'clock next morning.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. Some three or four months before the robbery, had you occasion to require the police to watch the premises, in consequence of some suspicion which existed in your mind? A. Not to watch the premises generally, but to watch an apprentice inside the premises—the prisoner rung the bell in Wigmore-street, but it was the door of No. 65, Welbeck-street that was open—the house did not appear to have been forced—I did not go round the premises the night before to see what doors were locked—there was a bolt to that door besides the lock; that door was at that time more in the charge of the builders to fasten than of my servants, we trusted to them to leave it fast—I think the foreman of the builders had the key—ten or twelve bricklayers and carpenters were employed on the premises, and there was my own gas fitter—the repairs are not yet complete—they had been working there about two months—when I found the prisoner at the door, he had a bull's eye lantern—it was quite dark, and he preceded me through the premises—I had a candle—he appeared more familiar with the premises than I liked.

MR. BODKIN. Q. This person, of whose conduct you had some suspicion, how long is it since he quitted you? A. About six months previously—I was suspicious of petty articles being taken from the premises—I spoke to a detective officer on the subject, but never to the prisoner—the person I suspected was watched, but nothing was discovered against him.

JAMES BENHAM. I am a son of the prosecutor. On the night of this robbery I went round the premises, and can speak to all the external doors being secure, except the one at No. 65, Welbeck-street, which I did not examine—about 6 o'clock next morning my attention was called to my desk; both it and the little drawer under it were locked the night before, and about 10l. 10s. was there—there was a paper envelope with two sovereigns, a porte-monnaie with ten half sovereigns, and a brown holland bag with twelve half crowns, twenty shillings, one five-shilling piece, a two-frane piece, and the rest in shillings and sixpences—on the following morning they were all gone, and the porte-monnaie lying empty on a chair at the side; the bag was taken away—my desk adjoins the temporary partition, and is near the opening which had been made in that partition, adjoining my brother's office—there are six other drawers there, but they are without locks; this drawer had a Bramah lock, but the others had only knobs—nothing was taken from the desk, but it was turned upside down—there had been no money in it.





FREDERICK BENHAM
. I am in partnership with my father. On the evening of 10th Dec. I examined the door of No. 65, Welbeck-street; it was at that time securely fastened by the latch—there are bolts, but it would not bolt—I have a desk in that shop—I left in an open box, in a drawer under the desk, three sovereigns, a half sovereign, and about 7s. 6d. in silver—there are five drawers, but the one with the lock had been forced

open, and the money gone—the desk appeared to have been disturbed, but I did not notice whether the drawers were.





PATRICK M'LAUGHLAN
. On 10th Dec. last I was working at Mr. Benham's premises, in Welbeck-street, as a carpenter's labourer—about 4 o'clock, that day, I went out on to the leads, and told Michael Wallis to shut the drawing room window when he came down at night—the sashes of that window were taken out at the time we were working there—it was the shutters I told him to shut; they were there still—Wallis was there after me—I left at half past 6 o'clock—I went out by the door in Welbeck-street, and closed it after me.





MICHAEL WALLIS
. I am a carpenter's labourer. On 10th Dec. I was working at Mr. Benham's premises, in Wigmore-street—in the course of that day I had been working in the drawing room in Welbeck-street, and going out on the leads—I left work about half past 6 o'clock—the sashes were taken out of one of the windows that open on to the leads—when I left the room the shutter were fastened—a bolt goes right across so as to connect the two—I fastened that bolt—it is not a bow window; there are three windows at the back; the other two windows were closed—the sashes were in one, I believe, and partly out of the centre one—the shutters of all three were closed—I put a board against the one nearest Wigmore-street; that was not the one I had been going in and out of—when I left the premises, I went out of the Welbeck-street door—I must have gone out about the same time as M'Laughlan, but I did not exactly notice whether we went out together or not.

Cross-examined. Q. During the progress of the work were you in the habit of going in and out of that window? A. Yes; it was the general window for getting in and out—I was frequently in and out of it for days, while the work was going on; we brought in the materials through that window.





JAMES HIGHWAY
. I am in the service of Messrs. Benham. On the evening of the robbery I left some money in a cash box, locked, in a drawer which was unlocked, at the table at which I wrote; that was on the ground floor—I cannot say exactly how much I left, as I had not counted it from the Friday night before, but about 2l. 7s.—I know there was a sovereign and one half sovereign, I cannot say whether there was more than one half sovereign, and the remainder was in silver—I saw the cash box again about 9 o'clock next morning—it had then been broken open, and the money taken, all but the coppers—there was an erasing knife that I use, lying close by the side of it; it was broken, and appeared to have been used to open the box—I had left it in the drawer over night.

Cross-examined. Q. The cash box had evidently been forced open? A. Yes, as if by some sharp instrument—the lock itself was not burst, but the soldering had been forced—I have not got the knife here—the lock was one with double bolts.

MR. BODKIN. Q. The bolts go into a double staple? A. Yes—the soldering of the staple had given way; the lock remained intact.





CHARLES WOOD DENHAM
. I am employed at Mr. Benham's. On 10th Dec., when I left, I left about 8l. 7s. 10d. in money, in a till that I used—there was about 6l. or 7l. in sovereigns and half sovereigns, about three or four florins, two or three half crowns, and several shillings—there was more than a pound's worth of silver—that till was locked when I went away at night—when I came in the morning it had been forced open, and all the contents gone, except some coppers—it was a drawer under the desk, with little round bowls for money in it.


Cross-examined. Q. How did the till appear to have been forced open? A. It had every appearance of some instrument having been passed between the upper woodwork and the till, and being prised up; it had then fallen back again, so as to secure it.





WILLIAM FORD
. I am employed at Mr. Benham's. On the night of 10th Dec., when I left, I left a drawer, which I use as a till, locked, and about 29s. in it—there was one sovereign, and 9s. in silver—on the following morning I found the drawer had been forced open by some instrument, and the money gone.





THOMAS LAKIN
. I am employed at Mr. Benham's. When I left on 10th Dec., I left a drawer there locked, with 4l. in gold in it—next morning the drawer was broken open, and the money gone.





EDWARD CUNNINGHAM
. I am employed at Mr. Benham's. I have a desk there where I put money—on the night of 10th Dec., when I went away, I left there 10s. 7d. in silver, and seven penny pieces—it was not locked—when I came in the morning the 10s. was gone, and the coppers left—I saw a shilling at the station house, which I certainly believe to be a shilling that was in my drawer on the night of 10th Dec.—I noticed it when a porter brought it to me—a piece was knocked out of the edge of it, and it was rather black on the right hand side of the woman—I certainly believe it to be the one, but I did not swear to it at the police court—I think this (produced) is the shilling.

Cross-examined. Q. You say you could not swear to it at the police-court? A. I did not say I could not, I said I would not—I do not swear to it now, still I believe it to be the shilling—there is something dark at the right hand of the woman; there was, I do not know whether there is now or not, it has been through a good many hands since I first saw it—it appeared to me as if a person such as a sweep might have had it in his fingers, and so left the mark on it.

MR. BODKIN. Q. When did you notice it? A. When it was given to me, the porter paid me 2s.—that was something like an hour before I left, or it may be rather more, I am not quite certain—it does not appear so dark now as it was then—there is a nick just in the edge where I noticed it—and when I found the money was gone out of the desk, I spoke to Mr. Benham about the shilling before I went to the station house—I saw the shilling at the station that same afternoon—it was much darker then than it is now, in my opinion—Mackerell, the Inspector, I believe, showed it to me—it was not shown to me in consequence of what I had stated to Mr. Benham—a bowl of silver was brought forward, and I picked out this from the rest—I had previous to that described it to Mr. Benham, and I think to Mr. Mackerell.





WILLIAM HALL
. (policeman, D 288). On the night of the robbery my beat was on the right hand side of Welbeck-street—that is adjoining the prisoner's beat, he took one side of Welbeck-street, and I the other—I know the prisoner's beat, I believe it describes the figure 8—he starts from the corner of Wigmore-street and Marylebone-lane, goes down Marylebone-lane, then up Bentinck-street, and up one side of Welbeck-street, he then goes down Wigmore-street as far as Wimpole-street, he then turns down Wimpole-street till he comes to Little Welbeck-street, goes along Little Welbeck-street, and then up on the other side of Welbeck-street—I suppose he then goes into Eastley's-mews—in going back he would go through Eastley's-mews—that is the whole of his beat—I should think it would take him about twenty or twenty-five minutes, walking at a usual pace—I

saw the prisoner that night a few minutes after 12 o'clock—his duty commenced at 12 o'clock—I saw him about a quarter, or rather better past 12 o'clock, at the corner of Little Welbeck-street in Welbeck-street—there is a shutter-box there, where we put away our capes if we do not want them—he and I did so that night—we then walked a short way together through Little Welbeck-street towards Wimpole-street—we had some little common conversation together—he said that he had spent 18d. of his week's money, and had given the rest to his wife, and that she had laid it out in domestic purposes, grocery, and things for the house—the wages were paid the day before—he was merely saying that he had spent 18d. out of his money, that his wife rather objected to it, and he had given her the rest, and he said he had no money—when he said he had given his wife the money, and she had spent it, I merely said that I did not lay out the money myself, but I knew pretty well what things cost, and that was the whole of the conversation, and I went on round my beat—I saw him again that night at 1 o'clock, as near as I can say, as I came round my beat—I met him in Little Welbeck-street—as I went one way he was passing another—I saw him again at a few minutes before 3 o'clock, just upon the same place, just as he was going down—each time that I had met him I met him there, passing round—he went one way and I the other—I did not see him between 1 o'clock and a few minutes to 3—I had been round my beat, and through Little Welbeck-street as usual, and I had not seen him—I saw him at 4 o'clock at the corner of Welbeck-street, at Mr. Benham's house—that was the time for me to go off my beat—I came down on the left hand side of Welbeck-street, and passed over there—he was at the corner of Welbeck-street and Wigmore-street, with his lamp turned on—he called my attention, and said there was a street door open—I saw that the street door was wide open, standing back—he was standing close by the door—it was the first door from Wigmore-street—he rang the bell—Mr. Benham came down, and the prisoner went into the house—I went in afterwards—I did not go over the place with him, I stood in the unoccupied part of the house, that is, the house that is being taken into the premises—I stood so as to have a view of the street door—we went in at that door—no person could have left the premises by that door after the prisoner went in, without my seeing them.

Cross-examined. Q. Your beat is not precisely the same beat as the prisoner's; you only meet at certain places? A. We meet at Little Welbeck-street as we pass—my beat partly joins his—we pass each other in going through Little Welbeck-street—that is the only street in the two beats in which, in the ordinary course, we should meet—it takes me much about the same time to go round my beat, as it took the prisoner to go round his—it would take me about twenty minutes, I dare say—we only occasionally met in Welbeck-street—if he or I were a few minutes behind, then we did not meet there—policemen are sometimes in the habit of receiving some trifling perquisites for ringing persons up—there is a person in Welbeck-street who was in the habit of being called, sometimes by me, and sometimes by the prisoner—it was a sweep, who lives in Little Welbeck-street—I do not remember the prisoner saying that he had had no money lately for calling that man—I do not know of any person in Bentinck-street who was in the habit of being called by the police about that-time—I do not remember his making any observation to me about not having had any money lately for calling any person in either of those streets—there was no quarrel or ill feeling between me and the prisoner about his being employed

in calling this person more frequently than me—before I was examined before the Magistrate, I made a report to the inspector—that was on Thursday, the 11th—I made a verbal report to Mr. Hughes, our superintendent, and a written report was given in to Inspector Mackerell in the usual way—I wrote it—I told Mr. Hughes about meeting the prisoner at the early part of the night, a little after 12 o'clock—I told him that the prisoner had told me he had got no money—I was examined twice before the Magistrate—I told Mr. Hughes that the prisoner said he had no money between 12 and half past 1 o'clock—I cannot say whether Mr. Mackerell was standing near when I made the communication to Superintendent Hughes—my period of going off duty was 4 o'clock—when the prisoner went into the house with Mr. Benham, I did not want to go off my beat and go away, I went in with him—I do not remember the prisoner telling me to wait there, or saying if I went away he would report me—I do not remember his saying anything about reporting—there was no other officer at the door beside myself and the prisoner—he did not say, "If you leave here before I come back I will report you"—he might have said so, I did not hear him—he was walking on to go into the premises, and I went in behind Mr. Benham and him.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Had the prisoner and Mr. Benham got into the place before you followed them? A. They were just walking in, and I walked in behind, and stood in the unoccupied part of the house—I did not hear him say so to me.





THOMAS KNIGHT
. (police sergeant, D 13). On the night of 10th or morning of 11th Dec. I was on duty as sergeant to visit the different policemen on their beats—the prisoner was on duty that night on the beat that has been described—I first saw him on his beat between half past 12 and 1 o'clock; he was then working his beat all right—I had no conversation with him, I only called out, "All right?" and he answered me "All right"—I saw him again at a few minutes before 3 o'clock at the corner of Welbeck-street and Wigmore-street, Mr. Benham's corner—I asked him if it was all right—he said it was, and I told him there was a penny to pay for the widow of a late constable—it is a custom to collect a penny from all the officers in the force for the widows—he said, "I do not think I have got one"—I said, "Give me a shilling, I have plenty of coppers"—he then pulled a penny from his great coat pocket, and gave me, at the same time he said, "I am not short of a shilling either," and he pulled out his pocket book, and opened it, and it was full of large silver—I did not form any opinion as to how much there was—I said to him, "You have plenty of money, Compton"—he said, "Yes, will you have half a crown to drink my health?"—I said, "No, I do not want your money," and left him to go from him, and he slipped a half crown into my great coat pocket—my wrapper was in it, and my pocket was a little way open, and he dropped the half crown into it—he told me it was there, or else I should not have known it—he said, "It is in your pocket"—I took it out, and threw it on the pavement, and asked him the reason why he took such a liberty as that, that I did not want his money, and I ought to report him for it—he had never offered me any money before—I told him to leave his beat at 4 o'clock, and go in reserve to the station to look after the prisoners—I then proceeded on my rounds—it was my turn to go off at 4 o'clock, and go to the station—I saw the prisoner again, a little after 4 o'clock, at Mr. Benham's door, with a lamp turned on—I was not close to him—I called to him, and told him not to forget to go in as a reserve man—he was not going off till 6 o'clock, but the reserve men

were going off at 4, and he was to supply their place—he then said, "I have found a door open"—I told him to arouse the inmates, and to come in to the station house, and bring the report to me as soon as he could—I then went to the station, and waited there till nearly 5 o'clock for his report—he came to the station a few minutes before 5 o'clock, in a very confused and excited state—I asked him what was the end of finding this door open—he said, the door was open, and the house had been entered, some drawers had been broken open, and a cash box—he was in that confused state that I took him before the inspector; he could not stand still—he made a similar report to the inspector, and I made a short report on my slate, and gave it to the inspector, and asked the inspector to send word as soon as Mr. Benham was up, to know what the result of this open door was—I then left the prisoner with Mr. Mackerell—he followed me out to get some coffee—I left him and went home, and went to bed—I was called up about half past 7 o'clock, by a sergeant, to say that there had been a burglary—I did not go to Mr. Benham's—in consequence of what I heard that morning, I accompanied Mr. Mackerell to the prisoner's lodging, No. 6, Upper Weymouth-street, about 9 o'clock—he occupied two rooms at the top of the house, opening one into the other—it is a lodging house, a great many persons lodged there—the prisoner was not at home when we went in—Mr. Mackerell went down stairs, and came up in about two minutes with the prisoner—I remained in the room while he was gone—Mr. Mackerell told him that there had been a burglary at Mr. Benham's, and that he was suspected, and that he was come to search his lodging and himself—the prisoner said he had no money but what he worked hard for, but his wife and he had had a severe fall out, and he took all the money out with him—Mr. Mackerell began searching him, and he pulled out a pocket book himself, similar to that which I had seen the night before—it was opened by Mr. Mackerell; there was no silver in it then, but he said, "You will find a 5l. note"—Mr. Mackerell could not find it for a moment, but the prisoner took it himself and found it among some papers—I asked him what he had done with all the silver I saw at 3 o'clock—he said he had changed it for the 5l. note—Mr. Mackerell asked where—he said, "At Mr. Carruthers', in Marylebone-lane;" that is a public house called the New Inn—Mr. Mackerell searched him in my presence—6s. in silver was found in his trowsers pocket, two half crowns, and a shilling—I saw Mr. Mackerell find three duplicates—Mr. Mackerell also asked him who was with him at Carruthers'—he gave the numbers of six other constables—he was then taken to the station house—he was kept in custody all day, Thursday—he remained in the inspector's room at the station the whole of the Thursday, while we went to search the lodgings of the other constables that he gave the numbers of—on the Friday morning, the 12th, as I was taking him from the station to the police court, he said he should get over it—at the bottom of the street, a constable's wife looked out of the window of an empty house that she was taking care of, the prisoner swung up his arm, and said, "All serene, old gal, I shall get over this all right"—I said, "Don't be too sanguine, Compton; there will be more against you than you expect"—that was not in the hearing of the constable's wife, we had gone on, and got beyond her hearing—he made a bit of a stop, and turned round, and said, "You have not found the gold, Knight; that licks you"—the prisoner's wages were 18s. 7 1/2 d. a week—I believe he did some jobs as a shoemaker, for the police—I do not know to what extent; he could not do it to any extent, having his duties to perform—Eastley's-mews is on the prisoner's beat—it would be his duty to go down those mews every time he

passed round—he is supposed to be continually walking his beat; he walks it one way, so that I may meet him by coming round the contrary way—he could go round his beat very well in a quarter of an hour—I went round it in seventeen minutes, working every place—there happened to be a sergeant sick that night, or else I should have met him; but I did not come to the particular points so often as I should have done—the prisoner joined the force in 1852—he was put on this beat on the first Monday in Nov.

Cross-examined. Q. When in Nov.? A. The first Monday in Nov.—I did not go down Eastley's-mews next morning—I know it very well—when Mackerell spoke to the prisoner, and said that he should search him, he immediately took the pocket book out of his pocket, and said, in my hearing, that there was a 5l. note in it, which he had obtained at Carruthers'—I found out that that was true—Mackerell also asked him, in my hearing, who had been at Carruthers', and he gave the name of six constables, which I found correct—I do not recollect his asking him if he had been home that morning, nor did I ask him—it was only the constable's wife, who was looking out at the window, not the constable—his name is Wheeler—he is here; I have not seen his wife here—it was immediately after the words I have told you, that he said, "You will not find the gold;" it was all in continuation as I spoke it—I believe those are the words which he spoke—he said, "All serene, old girl," or words to the same effect—those are the words; he swung up his hand, and said, "All serene, old girl; I shall get over this all right;" and it was then I said, "Do not be too sanguine"—I believe he had been in the habit of working as a shoemaker during the five years he has been in the force—he has not frequently boasted of his money to me—I heard him say once that he lent an inspector 50l.—his father was in the force before him, and was pensioned off for good conduct—I am not aware that his wife has been doing something to earn money—I am not much acquainted with her—he had not just made a pair of boots for my wife; it was eighteen months before—I had paid him for them—there was no quarrel between us about the price, not a word—I did not object to the charge of 7s. that he made for them—I paid him three weeks after they were made—that delay was not in consequence of my objecting to pay him the amount he asked—he asked me to allow him to make them, and said, "Never mind the money; pay me when it suits you."

MR. BODKIN. Q. How long ago is it since he told you that he had lent an inspector 50l.? A. Three or four months ago—I do not believe that to be true—the woman was at the first floor window—the ground floor is a shop—we were not near enough to the window for her to hear what he said about the gold—we had turned the corner, out of her sight, at that time.

MR. SLEIGH. Q. Did you make a report to inspector Mackerell or Hughes as to the evidence you were to give against this man, before you were examined at the police court? A. I did, and it was taken down in writing by the superintendent—I did not state in that report all that I have stated to-day—the report was made before those words were spoken—the conversation took place before the first examination, after the report was given at the station.





GEORGE MACKERELL
. (police inspector, D). On the morning on which this robbery was discovered I was at the St. Marylebone station, and saw the prisoner arrive about 20 minutes to 5 o'clock; 4 o'clock was his time to come in—he told sergeant Knight, in my hearing, of the robbery as accounting for his being delayed—I gave necessary directions about it—the prisoner said when he came in that he felt very faint, and wished me to

allow him to go and get a cup of coffee—I said, "Yes"—I afterwards noticed something unusual in his manner—I had seen very little of him before—he left to get the coffee, and I saw him back again in seven or eight minutes—I had occasion to notice him afterwards—I had to ask him a question two or three times, and he was always out of call—I told him he must keep in the way, and asked him what was the matter with him; he seemed very restless—he made no answer—he quitted the station about 6 o'clock; that was his proper time—I sent a sergeant to make inquiries at Mr. Benham's at 6 o'clock, and on his return I thought it right to go to the prisoner's lodgings—he had been away nearly two hours before—he lodged in Weymouth-street—he was not at home when I got there, but he soon afterwards came in—I met him at the foot of the stairs, and said, "Have not you but just come home?"—he said, "No, I have only just come home"—I said, "Where have you been?"—he said, "At Mr. Carruthers' public house, in Marylebone-lane"—I asked him if anybody else was with him—he said, "Yes," and mentioned the names of several other constables—while we were speaking, he stepped sideways past me, and the moment he got beside me he ran up stairs as fast as he could, and I after him, up to the attic, which was where he lived—there are two rooms, which communicate internally with each other—he was in the inner room, the bedroom, when I got in—there was nobody else there, but sergeant Knight and the prisoner's wife were in the first room—I went into the bedroom, and said, "Compton, I am come about that door that you found open this morning at Mr. Benham's; it is a very serious matter; there has been a very large sum of money stolen; you are suspected, and I am come to search you and your lodgings"—he was in a very agitated state, and said, "Very well, you are welcome"—I searched him, and in his great coat pocket I found this pocket book (produced)—he took a 5l. note out of his pocket book himself—in his trowsers pocket I found two half crowns and one shilling—I asked him no question, but he said, voluntarily, that his wife and he had a disagreement the day before, and he took away all the money he had in the house, and got it changed for that note that morning at Mr. Carruthers'—I searched the rooms minutely, but found no money—I found these four duplicates (produced)—the earliest is for a watch, pawned on 7th April, for 30s.; a waistcoat, for 2s., on 4th Nov; the next, for a coat, for 14s., on 8th Nov.; and this last for a pair of trowsers, for 6s., on 2nd Dec.; all pawned at Mr. Thompson's, in East-street, in the prisoner's name—I did not take possession of the duplicates then; I did a few days afterwards, and found them where I left them—I went to Mr. Carruthers', and received from him 5l. worth of silver, with the shilling produced among it—after the search, the prisoner was taken to the station, and detained in custody—I saw him about 8 o'clock in the evening, and he complained of being kept there so long, and wished to know whether he would not be let go home, as he was on duty all the night before, and wanted some rest—I said, "You are no worse off in that respect than I am, but I think it possible you may be kept here all night"—he said, "What for? I have done nothing"—I said, "I did not find the gold that several persons say they saw in your possession this morning"—he said, "I had no gold, and I do not care if 100 people swear that I had"—I made no reply—the charge was read to him shortly after by the inspector on duty, and the prisoner in my hearing said that he was innocent—this (produced)is the money I got from Carruthers'—one crown piece, twenty half crowns, four florins, thirty-four shillings, and six sixpences—I then returned Mr. Carruthers his 5l. note—I went to the

premises of Mr. Benham on the morning in question—I did not go to the mews—I went on to the leads; they are about thirty feet from the ground—there are two floors—I did not see the ladder there—I remember the officer Hall making a verbal report to superintendent Hughes—it was in my presence—I heard what he said.

Cross-examined. Q. When was that report made? A. On the morning of the 11th; that was before any inquiry had been commenced before the Magistrate—in making that report, Hall mentioned the prisoner having told him in the middle of the night that he had no money.





CHARLES CARRUTHBRS
. I keep the New Inn, Marylebone-lane. On the morning of 11th Dec., about 6 o'clock, the prisoner came to my house with five or six other constables—I have a bagatelle table up stairs, and they went up stairs when they came in—the bar is down stairs—the prisoner asked me to give him a 5l. note for some silver, and gave me 4l. in silver and two half sovereigns—there was a 5s. piece, some half crowns, florins, shillings, and sixpences—I placed the money in a cash box, and gave him a 5l. note for it—there was 2l. in silver in the cash box when I put the 4l. in; it was silver which I had taken the day before—after that the prisoner went up stairs again to the other constables—at the time he gave me the two half sovereigns, I saw over ten sovereigns and half sovereigns in his hand—he took that gold out of his pocket, I believe—I did not take notice where he took the silver from—I afterwards went to the cash box, and took some silver out to give some one change for a sovereign: that left 5l. in silver in the cash box—Mackrill called on me that morning with the 5l. note which I had given to the prisoner, and I gave him the 5l. worth of silver that was then in the cash box—I had put no silver in after the 4l. I took from the prisoner—the constables came about half past 6 o'clock, and left about half past 8; they all left together.

Cross-examined. Q. Is yours a coffee shop or a public house? A. A public house—the sign is the New Inn—the prisoner has been in the habit of frequenting my house during twelve months—I have kept it about two years and a half—I have several times seen him with money in his possession; a little gold as well as silver—his conduct has not been particularly generous; not more than others; he paid for what he had—I know nothing about his paying for what others had—the pot-boy receives the money—there was a crown piece among the silver the prisoner gave me—the 2l. in the cash box was what I had taken the previous day and evening—I saw some sovereigns in his hand; that was not when he was playing at bagatelle, it was after he had given me the change, but whether there were five or ten I should not like to say.

MR. BODKIN. Q. What time was it that you saw the 2l. in the cash box? A. When I put the other 4l. in—I had counted it over night—we generally shut about 12 o'clock, or it might have been half past 12 o'clock at night; it was after I had closed the house—from that time until I had changed the silver for the night, I had put nothing into the cash box—I had observed him with money; I cannot say how long before—it was of no use coming to my house unless he brought some money with him—I do not know what he paid for.





JOHN CHALKLEY
. (policeman, D 199). I was at Carruthers' house playing at bagatelle on the morning after this robbery—I went there a little after 6 o'clock—the prisoner came and asked me to go and play at bagatelle with him, along with some other constables—we played for drink—when we went up to the room, the prisoner produced some money; I should think

about 20l. in gold—he wrapped it up in a piece of paper, and put it in a pocket book—I saw it in his hand—I never saw it put on the table—I heard some remark made upon it by one of the other constables—I did not hear exactly what it was—I did not hear the prisoner give any account about it at the time.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you been in the force? A. About three years and seven months—I have not been frequently in the habit of going to Carruthers'—I was there once before; I cannot say how long ago—I have been in company with the prisoner—I have on other occasions seen him with money in his possession to a very small amount—I cannot say that I have seen gold in his possession—I have seen him with silver—I have never seen him with gold before this—I cannot remember that I have been with him at Carruthers' before—I think I was once at a public house in High-street with him—I only judge that the gold I saw in his hand was about 20l.—it might be a little more or less; I should say there was 20l.—it consisted of sovereigns and half sovereigns—I cannot say where he took it from—he had no money to pay me.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Had he any to pay anybody else that you saw? A. Not in the room—I could not see what object he had in bringing out the money; that was why the observation was made.





GEORGE HARRIS KING
. (policeman, D 76). I went to Carruthers' about half past 6 o'clock on the morning of 11th Dec.—I went off duty at 6 o'clock—all the constables who went there had just gone off duty—I went up stairs to the bagatelle room—the prisoner came up afterwards—I saw that he had got a handful of gold in one hand, and a 5l. note in the other—he laid the gold down on the bagatelle board as soon as he came up to the table, and the 5l. note—I should judge there to be about from 10l. to 20l. in gold, nearer 20l. than 10l.—he took it off the table, put it in a piece of paper, wrapped it up, and put it in his pocket book—I said to him, "Why, Compton, you appear to have plenty of money this morning"—he said, "Yes, and I have got plenty more at home."

Cross-examined. Q. Did he say anything about his wife and he having had a quarrel? A. No, not to me, nor in my hearing—I would not pledge myself as to the number of sovereigns he had—I joined this division last Oct. twelve months—I have been frequently in his company—I have not seen money in his possession on different occasions prior to this—I have been in public houses with him, and have played bagatelle with him—he always paid his part—we played for a pint of beer each—I have seen his wife and spoken to her—I have not visited them—I did not know his father, who was in the force—I have heard the prisoner boast of having plenty of money on previous occasions.

MR. BODKIN. Q. How long since? A. About a fortnight; he said then that he had lent money, and that had straitened his circumstances just then; but before then he had always had plenty of money—he named one party to whom he had lent money—it was an inspector that was then dead—I do not remember the sum he said he had lent him.

MR. SLEIGH. Q. Did he tell you that he expected to be immediately repaid by the relations of the inspector? A. He said he was then trying to get it from his widow; but whether he got it or not I do not know.





WILLIAM SPRATT
. (policeman, D 213). I was at Carruthers' on the morning of the 11th—I went there about half past 6 o'clock, and remained till about half past 8 o'clock—we all came away about the same time—when I first went in, the others were in the house, and I saw the prisoner in front

of the bar, and Mr. Carrnthers inside the bar—they were transacting some business, a money affair—I did not notice much, but I saw some silver lying on the counter—I went up stairs—the prisoner came up afterwards—I saw him with about 20l. in gold in his possession—I cannot say whether it was in sovereigns or half sovereigns—I should say it was something like a pound's worth of silver in bulk—I cannot say whether it was in his left hand or on the table—it was in a piece of paper—I did not see what he did with it—I should say there was about twenty sovereigns—he did not say a word about it.

Cross-examined. Q. The amount is a mere guess on your part, I suppose? A. Yes—I did not hear one of the constables speak to him about the money.





JOHN GREGORY
. (policeman, D 294). I am one of the constables who went to Carruthers' house on the morning of 11th Dec.—I saw the prisoner come into the room where the bagatelle table was—I saw about twenty sovereigns, as near as I could judge, lying on the bagatelle board, and I saw the prisoner put it in his pocket book, and put it into his pocket—I said to him, "You are rather flush this morning"—he said, "Oh, yes, and I have got twenty or forty more here; in fact, I am not short of 400 or 500 at home."

Cross-examined. Q. I presume you were all in your uniform? A. I was—this was said before all the men—I had never been in his company before—I should think I saw near upon twenty sovereigns.





WILLIAM TORRINGTON
. I supply persons with breakfast early in the morning. On the morning of 11th Dec. I took my stand at the corner of St. George's Market, Oxford-street, near Gilbert-street—that is close by where I live, and not more than two minutes' walk from the station—the prisoner came to me about half past 5 o'clock that morning, and asked for a cup of coffee—I served him, and he drank it—it came to 1d—he said he had a pocket full of money, and he did not know which way to spend it fast enough—he then got in conversation with a country carter who had a load of timber—he was having a cup of coffee—the prisoner asked him if he would have another cup—he said, "Thank you, Sir"—I served him—he said, "Fill me another"—I filled him one—he said, "Give that man another one"—I did so—he then took out a pocket book, and said, "I received 40l. yesterday; I have 2l. worth of silver here"—he said to the man, "What wages do you get?"—the man said, "11s. a week"—he then opened the pocket book—it appeared to be in large money—he took out half a crown, handed it over to the man, and said, "Here, my man, take this," and he then left the stall—after he was gone, the man opened his hand and showed me the half crown, and said, "I am glad I pulled up at your stall."





RICHARD BASKET
. I am assistant to Mr. Curnock, a butoher, in High-street, Marylebone. On the morning of 11th Dec., the prisoner came to our shop, about 9 o'clock, and bought some mutton, which came to 4s.—he gave me half a sovereign, and I gave him two half crowns and 1s. change—he had some brown paper in his hand at the same time, but what was in it I do not know.





HERBERT WHEELER
. (policeman, D 84). On the morning of 11th Dec., I was on duty at the Marylebone station, just before 9 o'clock—as I left the station, I saw the prisoner at the door of Vere's coffee shop, in Marylebone-lane—he called out to me, "Halloo!"—I said, "Halloo, Jack! are you coming home?"—he said, "No"—he lives in the some direction as I do—I left him standing there; he was not carrying any meat at that time.





BENJAMIN CARMAN
. (policeman, D 263). I was on duty on the night of the robbery; my beat adjoins the prisoner's—I can only meet him in Bentinck-street—I

saw him once that night in Bentinck-street—that was about half past 12 o'clock—I did not see him again till 6 o'clock in the morning—I went my rounds as usual, about every twenty minutes.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know anything about a sweep in Bentinck-street being called by the police? A. I do not—there is a sweep in Little Welbeck-street, on the prisoner's beat—I believe the prisoner called him one morning, and Hall another—I do not know whether there was any dispute between the prisoner and Hall on that subject.





WILLIAM HUNT
. (policeman, D 75). On the night of the robbery, I was employed as an extra policeman—I had to patrol a part of the prisoner's beat, among others—I saw him at a quarter to 3 o'clock that morning, in Wigmore-street—I was on duty from 10 till 4 o'clock—I was about there every five or six minutes, sometimes ten minutes might elapse—I did not see him at all till a quarter to 3 o'clock.





HENRY STEVENSON
. (policeman, D 290). I was on duty on the night of the robbery, in Wigmore-street—I went on duty at 12 o'clock, and remained till six in the morning; my beat adjoins the prisoner's—I never saw the prisoner that night during the hours of duty—I go my round from every quarter of an hour to twenty minutes—I met him on other nights sometimes—I met him at the corner of Wigmore-street, and Wimpole-street, and sometimes at the corner of Little Welbeck-street.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you examined before the Magistrate? A. I was not.





DAVID SURREY
. (policeman, D 305). I was on duty on 11th Dec., from 12 till 6 o'clock in the morning, on the South side of Wigmore-street—my beat adjoins the prisoner's—I saw him about 20 minutes to 3 o'clock that morning—I had not seen him before—he was then with the two sergeants, walking down the street.





GEORGE SMITH PEPPER
. (policeman, D 162). I was on duty at the adjoining beat to the prisoner's on the night of the robbery, from 10 till 4 o'clock—I saw the prisoner three times that night at 1 o'clock, again at 3, and again at 4 o'clock—I did not see him between 1 and 3 o'clock—I go round my beat every quarter of an hour.

Cross-examined. Q. The places at which you met him were the places where he ought to have been met, were they not? A. Yes, we often meet—he might have been at a spot where he ought to have been met during the whole of the night, without my necessarily meeting him—we only meet when we happen to come to the same street at the same time—very often we do not meet.





JAMES BENHAM
. re-examined. On the morning of 11th Dec., I went out at a back door in our premises, into Eastley's-mews, and there saw a ladder leaning on its side against the next house; if that ladder had been placed against our leads, a person could have got up from the mews on to the leads with perfect ease.

Cross-examined. Q. That ladder had been left there by the men who were at work there? A. Yes, by the plumbers who were at work at the back of the premises.





HENRY ELMORE
. I am assistant to Mr. Thompson, a pawnbroker, of Paddington-street. These four duplicates have been issued from our shop—the prisoner pledged two of the things which they refer to—I cannot say who pledged the others, but those two I took in myself—the prisoner has been in the habit of coming to our shop.

Cross-examined. Q. The first date is April, 1856, is it not? A. Yes;

that is for a watch; I am not certain that the prisoner pledged that—it is a waistcoat for 2s., and a coat for 14s. that I speak to and received.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Those are in Nov. last? A. Yes—there is one in Dec., I do not remember taking that in—the ticket is in the writing of the warehouse boy—I do not remember the prisoner being at the shop about that time.





GEORGE MACKERELL
. re-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. When I was searching the prisoner's room his wife was present—the prisoner said that he could earn plenty of money, and that he could work like a horse—his wife replied, "Yes, and you spend it like an ass."




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Life.

