



347. 




WILLIAM THOMPSON
 was indicted

 for a robbery with violence on 




Adolphus Dubois, together with other persons, and stealing 1 watch, and 1 guard chain, value 5l. 10s.; his goods.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






ADOLPHUS DUBOIS
. I am a dentist, and live at 65, Princes-street, Leicester-square. On the evening of 18th Dec. I was in Upper Norton-street, about a quarter-past nine o'clock—it was raining—as I approached No. 68 or 67, there were three men posted in the doorway as if they were out of the rain—as soon as I reached the door one of them came on to the footway, and put a gag or rope, which I do not exactly know, round my neck—I recognise the prisoner as that man, because his eye met mine—the rope was compressed round my neck, the effect of which was to render me powerless—I endeavoured to utter some words to the purport of "Let me give you what I have, and allow me to go," and on my endeavouring to do so the other two came from the doorway, as I supposed to assist him—they said something to the effect of "Give it him;" or "Go it," and upon that the compression was increased; it was awful—when I recovered my consciousness, I saw the two men who are not in custody walk very leisurely away—I saw them go to the first turning—they did not go towards No. 38, but the reverse way—the prisoner did

not go with them—there was no one else in the street at the time from the moment I entered it—I suffered palpitations and great giddiness after this—my eyes were swollen to a great extent, and full of water—there was a mark on my neck which I showed at the station, where the instrument was applied—I continued to suffer for several days; for ten or twelve days I was not sufficiently well to attend to business—when I recovered myself, and the three men were gone, I found that my coat was torn, and my watch and chain gone—the chain which was under my waistcoat was wrenched, and they had cut my neck severely in their efforts to take it by force—I afterwards saw my watch at the station—I called out after I recovered myself as loud as I had the power to do.

Cross-examined by
MR. COCKLE. Q. How long do you suppose you were under this compression? A. I cannot tell—the two men who I saw going away were not a great way from me when I recovered myself; I cannot say how far—my eyes were full of water—I was panting for breath, and in an awful state—I suppose they were about the distance of that lamp from me (six or eight yards)—I had never seen the prisoner before that night—he first came off the step on the left side of me, and applied this compression—he then passed round to my right side, and compressed it there—my eye caught his as he came off the steps on to the flag—I looked to see what he was going to do—at first I thought it was a joke from somebody I knew—I recognise him well, because I looked in his face—it was all done in a moment—the compression began directly, and when I muttered it was increased—my whole frame was completely paralysed—my sight is very good, I wear a glass, but that I perform very minute operations with—it was not raining very heavily at this time—I afterwards went to the station in a cab, and saw the prisoner there—I said I should not be able to recognise the other men because they were in the dark doorway, but I saw their feet when they approached me—they did not come down the steps at the same time as the third man—I had no hesitation whatever about the prisoner, when I saw him in the strong light—I never said he was not the man, or that I was not sure of him, nothing of the kind—I was more fully sure of him when I saw him in a strong light—the street was darkish—I first noticed the number of the house from which the men came a few days afterwards, when I returned to the spot and examined it; it was when I returned from the country, after getting better—I think it was the day before the remand, Wednesday, 18th Dec—I lost sight of the man who put the instrument round my neck, but I saw him when he compressed it—the injury I received was so severe that I was obliged to be under a surgeon's care in the country.

MR. PAYNE. Q.
DO I understand you to say that the prisoner went by himself in one direction, and the other two in another direction? A. Yes; I saw the prisoner again on the opposite side of the street with Mr. Tarring—Mr. Tarring told me to come over, but I could not move.





JOHN TARRING
. I am an architect, of Charles-street, Middlesex Hospital. On Wednesday night, 18th Dec., I was in Upper Norton-street with a friend, on the opposite side to the prosecutor—I saw some persons on the opposite side of the way, and about a minute after I saw them I heard a cry of "Police!"—I saw two men go away in one direction, and another one, the prisoner, came over towards me—there was then only one

left on the opposite side of the way, and that turned out to be the prosecutor—I caught hold of the prisoner, and held him fast till a policeman came—I think we were near the house No. 38, but I would not swear to that positively—the prosecutor was still on the opposite side—he was partly in the street endeavouring to pick up his hat which had been knocked off—I crossed over with the prisoner—the policeman came up as I was crossing, and we walked over together—while I was there Mrs. Curll brought a watch—the place where it was said to have been found was pointed out to me—I was near there at the time I had hold of the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. You were walking down the street on this occasion? A. Yes, on my way home—it was a very wet night, and rather dark—it was raining very heavily—the first I saw was what appeared to me to be four or five persons, I could not tell how many on the opposite side—they were about thirty yards from me—the place where the watch was found was pointed out to me that same night within ten minutes of the transaction—a servant girl came with the watch—the prosecutor had stated before that he had lost a watch—I saw two men walking down the street together—it was not one of those two that came over to me—the person who crossed the street came directly to where I was—he came on to the footway, and I met him and immediately took hold of him—he said he was only walking up the street—he attempted to walk off, and I grasped him by the collar—he did not struggle or try to break away from me—I did not walk away with him immediately from the spot—we were there two or three minutes at the least.





MATILDA CURLL
. I am a widow, and live at 38, Upper Norton-street. On Wednesday night, 18th Dec, I was in my parlour; I heard cries of "Murder!" and "Stop thief!"—I went to the street-door, and saw three men at the next door—they were close together—I heard nothing said, but I saw a hand through my railing, and something fell from it—it made a noise as it fell—I sent ray servant to pick it up—I saw her pick it up—it was a watch and chain—it was shown to the prosecutor, and produced before the Magistrate.

Cross-examined. Q. When you came out of your house did you see the prosecutor? A. I saw three parties—they came, to my door afterwards, saying they had been robbed—after the watch was found they went on the other side of the way—it was the prosecutor who said he had been robbed—I cannot say whose hand it was that dropped the watch.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Was it the hand of one of the three? A. Yes; the prosecutor was one, Mr. Tarring the other, and the prisoner the third. FREDERICK WHITE (policeman, E 33). On Wednesday night, 18th Dec, about half-past nine o'clock, in consequence of hearing some cries in Upper Norton-street I went there and found the prosecutor—he appeared very ill and very much excited—he complained of having been injured—Mr. Tarring brought the prisoner over from the opposite side of the way, in a direction from 38 towards 68, and said "This is one of them"—the watch was brought to me by a female—I searched the prisoner at the station, and found on him a key and a duplicate, but no money—I produce the watch.

Cross-examined. Q. Is the servant here to-day? A. She is not ADOLPHUS DUBOIS
re-examined. This if my watch and chain.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Life.

