



362. 



JAMES WORKMAN
 was indicted

for a like offence.


MESSRS. ELLIS
and
POLAND
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL JARMAN
. I produce an examined copy of the certificate of the conviction of James Workman—(read—Convicted at Central Criminal Court, May, 1852; confined eight months).





JAMES PONFIELD
 (policeman, E 119). I was present at the May Sessions, 1852—the prisoner is the person who was then convicted, and who is described in this certificate.





CATHERINE BROOKS
. My husband keeps an hotel, in Henrietta-street, Covent-garden. On 23rd Feb. the prisoner came, about 10 o'clock, for a pint bottle of stout—he gave me a half crown; I gave him 2s. change—I did not like the look of the half crown, and I tried it in the detector—I found it was bad; I gave it to my husband, and I told him to stop the man—my husband took hold of his arm and told him to stop, but he went out.

Prisoner. I came back when I was called. Witness. No, you did not; my husband held your arm.





THOMAS BROOKS
. I am husband of the last witness. I remember the prisoner coming to my hotel—I fetched the stout out of the cellar—my wife gave me a bad half crown—the prisoner heard her say it was bad—I said to the prisoner, "Here! I want you; stop"—he put his hand on the front of the counter, and I took hold of his wrist; I took the two good shillings from him—I told him to stop; but I had to go through two doors to get to him, and during that time he went out of the house, and got into the street—I followed him—when I got to the door he was about four or five houses off—I followed him, and stopped him—I asked him where he was going to take the stout to that he had come for—he pointed to Bedford-court, and I do not know whether he said "Bedford-court" or "the court;" he said, "I am going there"—I told him I would go with him—I took hold of his collar—

he said, "Don't tear my coat off my back; I am not going there; I don't live there"—I think he felt inclined to resist, but two or three gentlemen and a policeman came up, and I gave him in charge—I marked the half crown, and gave it to the policeman.





WILLIAM CHAPMAN DIXON
 (policeman, F 103). I received the prisoner on a charge of uttering a bad half crown—I received this half crown from the last witness—I found nothing on the prisoner but a tobacco box—I asked him where he lived—he said, "Nowhere"—I asked him where he slept the bight before—he said, "In the street. "





WILLIAM WEBSTER
. I am inspector of coin to the Royal Mist. This is a bad half crown.

Prisoner. A Person asked me to fetch a bottle of stout, and gave me this coin.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

