




1839. 




CHARLES BOWDEN



, stealing 1 sack, value 1s. 4d., and 4 bushels of oats, value 8s.; the goods of 



Thomas Meredith, his master; and 




THOMAS BODDINGTON



, feloniously receiving the same: to which


BOWDEN pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—



Confined Twelve Months.


MESSRS. BODKIN and PARNELL
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS MEREDITH
. I am a corn-merchant, at Irongate-wharf, Paddington, and No. 108, Edgeware-road; Bowden was in my employ. On the evening of 10th Oct. I gave him directions to go to Mr. Jones, my lighterman, at Horsleydown, and take twenty-two quarters of oats to a customer of mine at Notting-hill—that would be forty-four sacks—I never knew Boddington, nor had any dealings with him, nor authorized any persons in my employ to have dealings with him—on 11th Oct. I was sent for to the Westminster Police-court, and this sack of oats was shown to me—these sacks were new to me; they had originally been hop-saekt, and I had them turned into cornsacks—I gave Bowden twenty of them the night before—the valve of these oats is 8s.; they are Archangel oats—this is my sack.





MARK LOOME
 (police-sergeant, B 11). On 11th Oct., about twelve o'clock, I was on duty, and saw Bowden with a wagon near Westminster Abbey, going towards the Horseferry-road, in an opposite direction to Notting-hill—I followed him about half a mile—he stopped at the corner of Peter-street, about fifty or sixty yards from Boddington's—he left the wagon there, and went to Boddington's shop—the wagon was out of sight of the shop—Boddington is a baker, and deals in corn—Bowden stopped there two or three minutes—he came out and took a sack of corn off the wagon, and ran with it to Boddington's shop—I was obliged to run to keep op with him—he went directly through the shop—there is a loft at the back to which you go up by a ladder—I followed Bowden—Boddington was up in the loft; I had known him for eight or nine years—when Bowden was at the bottom of the ladder Boddington said, "Bring it up here"—I went to the bottom of the ladder and I could see them both—when Bowden got up, Boddington said, "Put it down here," and he caught hold of the sack to help it off his shoulders—I heard Boddington say something which I did not distinctly hear—I heard the words "much" and "last"—I thought he said, "I cannot give you so much" for this as for the last"—I went up and the sack was on the floor—I consider that Bowden saw me before I got op, because his face was towards me; he saw me when I got up at all events, but Boddington's back was towards me—I asked Bowden, who authorized him to bring the sack of corn there—he said no one; that he ought to have taken it to Notting-hill—I told him I should take him into custody for stealing it, and Boddington for receiving it knowing it to be stolen—I said, "I have seen that game going on for some time"—I had seen the cart stop there before, and Bowden go to Boddington's, and bring out empty sacks, and I have seen Boddington and him coming out of public-houses—when I told Boddingtou I should take him for receiving it knowing it to be stolen, he said he had not received it—I said, "You have; I heard the conversation"—he said no more—I took them both—I afterwards took the delivery notes from Bowden—there were forty-three sacks of oats in the

wagon and two empty sacks—on the way to the station Boddington said, "You do not want to say more than you are obliged to say"—I said, "I shall say the truth and nothing more."

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Excepting before the Magistrate, is this the first time you have ever said, "I told him that I had seen this game going on before"? A. I do not think I did, but it came out in cross-examination—when I went up the ladder, following Bowden, he had the sack on his back—Boddington was assisting him in taking down the sack—he had hold of the top of it when I spoke to Bowden—I have said that when Bowden saw me, instead of putting the sack down, he threw it down—that was before I spoke to him.





REUBEN RICHARDSON
. I am a baker and live in great Peter-street, about 120 yards from Boddington's shop—I have seen Mr. Meredith's wagon stop at the corner against my house—I have seen a sack taken from the wagon and carried to Boddington's shop, and I have seen the man return with nothing—I can say that I have seen that three times; the first was on the 21st of May, about eleven o'clock; the next time was on 8th June, about eleven o'clock, and again on a Monday, between four and five o'clock—I did not notice the carman; I only noticed whose wagon it was—I communicated to Loome the officer the first day I saw it done.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you known Boddington for some time? A. Yes—I offered to become his bail on this occasion—if it had been anything but a felony I would have done it—I went to the station.





WILLIAM HUNT
. I live at the corner of Peter-street, about eighty yards from Boddington's—I have known Mr. Meredith's wagon stop opposite our door—Bowden has been with it—I have seen him go to Boddington's and take a sack and go there—I have seen him bring empty tacks back—I have seen this four times in the six weeks before he was taken—I have seen Boddington at his shop-door on those occasions.

William Bell, of Vauxhall, and James Sharpe, of Horseferry-road, deposed to Boddington's good character; but William Newell, policeman A 280, stated he had been in the habit of having convicted thieves in his house; and William Millerman policeman 95 B, stated he had him in custody for stealing a bushel of flour, but the bill was ignored.


BODDINGTON—



GUILTY
of receiving.
 Aged 42.—


Transported for Ten



Years.

