



1077. 




DANIEL CONNELL



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Samuel Goss, and stealing 7 spoons, and 1 key, value 2s. 6d.; his property.


MR. CAARTEEN
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH WHIMPLE
. I am servant to Mr. Samuel Goss, chemist, of 52, Herbert-street, Hoxton New-town. On Saturday night, 13th April, I was in bed in the front kitchen, was awoke by a noise about half-past two o'clock, and saw a man in the kitchen with a light in his hand rummaging a box over—I remained quiet—he was about two minutes over the box—he then put the light out, and went up-stairs—I got out of bed, got a light, followed him up-stairs, opened the front door, called "Police!" and saw Saunders running after a man—I did not see where the man came from—I afterwards found the back parlour window half way open from the top—I had seen that at ten the night before—it was then a very little down—there is a door at the top of the kitchen stairs, which was locked, and the key in it when I went to bed at half-past ten—I found that open, and the key missing—there were the marks of a man's footsteps on the sofa in the back parlour—I found six or seven spoons on a shelf in the back kitchen which had been removed from the other shelf—there was 1d. on the kitchen mantel-piece when I went to bed—that was gone—I did not see the man's face—he wore a cap—I found the garden door open—it is a corner house, with a street at the side, separated by a wall—I found footsteps in the garden.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. The parlour window was a little open at ten o'clock? A. Yes; and more so in the morning—there was a key on the inside of the back parlour door—there are folding-doors between the back and front parlour—I recollect locking the back parlour door—I was the last person up—my master and mistress went to bed at ten—there are lodgers in the house, but we have nothing to do with them after nine.

MR. CAARTEEN. Q. IS there a back and front parlour? A. Yes; both of them have doors opening into the passage, and there are folding-doors between them—there was no one living in the parlours at that time—if a man got from the garden over the wall it would take him into the street—there was no lock broken.





THOMAS SAUNDERS
 (policeman, N 187). On Saturday evening, about half-past two o'clock, I was on duty in a churchyard at the top of Herbert-street, and saw two men pass through Church-street, and return again—they passed the side of Mr. Goss's house—I afterwards heard a noise at Mr. Goss's front door, and a cry of "Police!" and the two men had then just begun to run away—I saw them running before I heard the cry—I was watching them at the time—they did not see me—I saw the prisoner getting over Mr. Goss's side wall at the corner of the street, into Church-street, coming from the garden—he was not one of the two men I was watching—I was about ten yards from him when I first saw him—when be got into the street he ran away—I followed him about 300 yards; and took him in a doorway—I did not lose sight of him—when I took him, he said, "All right; I am going in doors"—I took him to the station, searched him, and found this 1d., and one or two lucifers—this crowbar and jemmy were found at the corner of Church-street—about thirty yards from Mr. Goss's, where the prisoner had passed in running—I heard something like an iron drop, but I did not stop at the time—he had on a shiney cap—this key was given me by a constable who was not bound over—it was found in the back garden—the house is in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch.


Cross-examined. Q. Did you know the house before? A. Yes; the other two men went into Wenlock-street, and turned back again into Church-street, and waited at the side of Mr. Goss's house—I did not follow them when they ran away—I saw the prisoner coming over the wall, and I went after him—I was not forty or fifty yards off when I saw the prisoner—there was only the iron fence between us—I got out of the churchyard by coming through the gate, which is about eight yards from the wall—I had never seen the prisoner before—he was taken about three streets from Church-street—I was only four yards behind him when he made the start, and I kept within four yards of him all along.





ELIZABETH WHIMPLE

re-examined. These spoons are my master's—they were moved about a yard—I cannot speak to the penny—this key belongs to the back garden door—it was inside when I went to bed.

MR. O'BRIEN. Q. How long have you been in Mr. Goss's service? A. Three years—he has no other name but Samuel—this is his private residence—his business is in Snow-bill—I had placed these spoons on a dresser shelf in the back kitchen, about six o'clock in the evening, and they were removed to another shelf—there are three shelves.

MR. CAARTEEN. Q. Are the shelves one over another? A. Yes; I left the spoons on the first shelf, and they were removed on to the dresser.




GUILTY
. † Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

