




1286. 




ELIZABETH JOHNSON
 and 




ALFRED BURTON
, 

stealing 1 watch, value 2l.; the goods of 



Thomas Bell, from his person: to which


BURTON pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.






THOMAS BELL
. I am a joiner, and am employed at the Eastern Counties Railway. On 8th June, between 11 and 12 o'clock at night, I was coining over London-bridge—Johnson accosted me—I walked with her about ten minutes—by Hart-street, near Mark-lane, I stood in conversation with her, and felt her hand in my waistcoat pocket—I was quite sober—I instantly seized her hand, and found my watch in it—there was a silver guard-chain to it, which was broken—the chain was left round my neck—here is part of the handle of the watch, which was left in my pocket—while I was taking the watch from Johnson's hand, Burton came up behind me, and seized me by the throat—Johnson passed something to him—I bad not time to see what it was—Burton said to her, "Cut on"—she ran away—Burton threw me down on my back—he had hold of my need, and I had not much power—I just caught the kerb-stone—foe started off—I jumped up, and pursued him—I called, "Stop thief!" and he was stopped by the officer—this is my watch—he ran fast, about 700 or 800 yards, and then doubled, and turned back.





HENRY BURWOOD
 (Thames policeman, 37). I was passing down Crutchedfriars—I saw two females running from Hart-street into Mark-lane—after they had gone, I saw Burton running from the same direction, and Bell following him, crying, "Stop thief!"—I ran, and took the prisoner at the corner of John-street—he asked me what I wanted with him—Bell said, "I want the watch that the girl stole and gave to you"—Burton said, "What will you stand if I get it you?"—Bell said it was an old family thing, and he would not mind giving him a crown—I said I would not allow it—I found this watch in Burton's hand.





THOMAS RICHARDS
. (police-sergeant, M 10). I took Johnson two nights afterwards—I took Bell to her, and he pointed her out in a public-house in the Mint.

Johnson's Defence. I am innocent.

Burton's Defence. This is not the woman that gave me the watch.





THOMAS BELL

re-examined. I have not the least doubt Johnson is the woman—this happened on Sunday night, and on the Tuesday night saw her in a house in the Mint—she was drinking with two men—when I went in I said, "That is the person I want."

JOHNSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(The
COURT
directed a reward of 10s. to be paid to Burwood.)
