





723. 




LAWRENCE COLLINS
 and 




JOSEPH SAVAGE



, burglary in the dwelling-house of 



Henry Jordan, stealing 5 coats, and other articles, value 7l. 10s.; his property.






HENRY JORDAN
. I am a tailor; I live in Ebury-street, Pimlico, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square; it is my dwelling-house. I know these two coats—this one belonged to a neighbour in the street, and this other to a young man, a clerk—they were in my custody—I lost three other coats, which have not been found—one pair of trowsers has been found—the value of all I lost was about 9l. or 10l.—these two coats I can identify, as being in my custody—I missed them on the same day I went before the Magistrate, on 24th June, about half past 4 o'clock in the morning—they had been safe about half past 12 the night before—they were then in my front parlour, which I use as a shop; the work had been done on them—they were ready to go home—one of the officers rang the bell, and called me up—I went down, and found the street door all correct—one of the windows in the parlour was wide open—the blind was still there—that window was not open on the night before—I was the last person up—I cannot say that the window was fastened, but it was shut down flush, that I am quite sure of—it is a window I hardly ever open—I stand against it when I cut out—the last time I saw it down was, perhaps, about half past 10—I am sure it was after 9—somebody had opened it between half past 10 and half past 4, and I missed these things—I found a pair of trowsers in the area—they had been on a brass rail in the front parlour, facing the window, when I went to bed—I never saw the prisoners, to my knowledge.





DANIEL CALVER
. I am a painter. On the evening of 23rd June, I was going from Brompton home to Pimlico—I got near my own door, 3, Eburysquare, about half past 3 o'clock—I saw both the prisoners—I did not know them before—I can swear to them—I was close to them—there was another man with them who was not taken—Savage had a bundle wrapped up, I could not see what was in it—he stood in a little court in Ebury-square, and Collins and the other man left him; and when they had got a little distance he called them to come back—he said, Bill or Jack, I am not certain which—they went on a little further, and Savage followed them—I followed and watched them, and saw Savage put the bundle into the flap of his trowsers—he then came towards me, the other two men went away—I saw a policeman, and told him what I had seen—I ran as far as Cheshire-cheese-court; I there lost sight of the other two men—I afterwards saw Savage at the top of Sloane-street.





EDWIN MORSEMAN
 (policeman, B 103). I was on duty about half past 3 o'clock that morning; I saw two persons running up Lower George-street—I saw the last witness and another constable—I came up, and ran up White Lion-street, and caught Collins—I asked what he was running for, he said he was running for nothing, it was not him—I told him I would take him back and see—the other man who was with him was Savage—I have known him two or three years.





WALTER LUCAS
 (policeman, B 200). I was on duty that morning, and saw a tall man running towards Chelsea market—about a minute afterwards I saw Collins running, he had a bundle on his left arm—he went down Crump's-yard—he remained there about half a minute, he came up again without a bundle—he went into Chelsea market—I went down Crump's-yard and found these two coats on a shed in the yard.





EDWARD HILTON
 (police man, B 101). I was on duty about half past 3 o'clock, and saw Savage come out of Ebury-square, which is about a

quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's—he had got something with him but I could not see what—Calver beckoned to me; we went after him—I caught sight of him again in Lower Sloane-street—I did not see him again till he was before the Magistrate—I am sure it was Savage—I knew him well before.

Collins's Defence. I had been out with a couple of friends, and was coming home; I met two men in Ebury-square, and each of them had something under his arm; one of them gave me these two coats to hold, and they asked me to go to Knightsbridge with them to a coffee-shop; Savage was not one of them that I met; they began to run, and I ran too.

Savage's Defence. I heard that the police had been looking after me; I went to make inquiries, I met a policeman and asked him if he had been looking after me; he said "Yes," and he took me; I know nothing about this.
(Savage was further charged with having been before convicted.)





JOSEPH HIRONS
 (policeman, B 179). I produce a certificate of Savage's former conviction at this Court—(read: Convicted, Jan. 1849, of stealing 29 lb. of lead; confined one year)—the prisoner is the person.

COLLINS—



GUILTY
of Receiving.
—Aged 18.

SAVAGE—



GUILTY
of Receiving.
—Aged 21.





Transported for Seventeen Years.

