



31. 




ROBERT FORTESCUE MACKRILL
 was again indicted

 for feloniously forging an order for the payment of money.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES COLQUHOUN
. I carry on business as a stock-broker, at 1, Shorter's-court, Throgmorton-street. The prisoner was my clerk—on 17th April, I had occasion to sign a check for 5l.—it is the practice in my business almost invariably for my clerk to prepare the check, for the purpose of my signature—when this check (looking at it) was produced to me for signature, it was not in the state it is now—it was for 5l.—this is the counterfoil of the check, which is in the prisoner's writing—I believe the check was prepared for his own salary—I am quite certain that on 17th April I gave bin no check for 25l.—when I signed it, it was for 5l.—I was not aware of this circumstance till the prisoner was apprehended—I took the prisoner myself, and delivered him up at the station at Whitechapel—this check it in the prisoner's writing, and when brought to me was for 5l.; the twenty which is now in it before the word five, I believe is the prisoner's writing—I have no doubt of it whatever (looking at five other checks)—these are entire forgeries, signatures and all—on this 10l. bank-note (produced) is the name, "Robert F. Mackrill," which I have no doubt is the prisoner's writing.

COURT. Q. In whose hand-writing are those five checks? A. I believe, the prisoner's—I have no doubt of it whatever.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. When did, the prisoner enter your service? A. I believe about Aug., 1850, and continued till the 28th or 29th Oct. last—he was the only clerk in my office, with the exception of a young man I had on trial for a few days in April—I had a character with the prisoner—he was in the habit of filling up the body of the checks, and when he presented them to me, I signed them—it might happen that I had a great many checks to sign in a day—I generally signed them in my office—the prisoner filled up the body of the check, handed it to me, and I signed it, looking generally at the margin; except it came from another member of the house, and that was a crossed check generally, which had been filled up by the prisoner for another member of the Stock Exchange—on these occasions, I had not an opportunity of examining it with the counterfoil—this check was for 5l.; I know that by looking at the counterfoil; and, besides, I never gave the prisoner a check for 25l. for himself—this is made payable to himself; the word "Salary" is on it.

Q. How is it that in the counterfoil the figure seems to have been erased? A. That may have been a mistake in the number—the counterfoil is made to correspond with the check—I did that a few nights ago at my own house,

and I did it in blue ink, that I might know it—no doubt he had filled up a wrong number—I had no idea that the check had been altered; I never was indebted to him 25l., and never gave him a check for 25l. for himself—I have given him a check for 25l. for other parties—I was in some difficulties in May—I did not go out of town, I remained in London—I did not go to Glasgow at that time—I might go after the temporary difficulty I was in—I have no recollection of it; in fact, I don't remember going there at all—I was often in Glasgow this year, but I don't remember being in Glasgow in May—it was not while I was in difficulties that I went—the prisoner was at my place—he never drew a check for me—the prisoner drew my checks under a special provision—I gave him authority to draw for James Colquhoun, signed Robert F. Mackrill; but signed by Mr. Lermitte, another member of the Stock Exchange, without which they were not to be paid—he had authority under these conditions—I think that was during the latter end of March, or the beginning of April—it was necessary that some one should give checks.

COURT. Q. Did you tell him that they would not be paid by the Bank, unless they were signed by Mr. Lermitte? A. Yes; I directed him to get the signature of Mr. Lermitte—he had authority to sign the checks, and there were instructions given to the Bank not to pay them till they were signed by Mr. Lermitte.

MR. RIBTON. Q. That was a sort of check on the prisoner? A. Yes; there have not to my knowledge been complaints by the bankers, of difference between the pass-book and the cash slips of paper—the prisoner would frequently take those slips to the Bank, and frequently I have taken them—I never made any erasures in the cash-book, or the banker's book—this erasure in the counterfoil was done a few days ago, because the numbers did not correspond—it may have been an error, or a figure badly made, that I have put right—I am not in the habit of letting my books go for some considerable time, without looking into them—I generally do it once a fortnight, and oftener, if I can find time—no one has ever complained of my not examining my books, or letting them go a long time without examining them—no one had a right to make such a complaint—I have not offered that if a certain sum of money were handed to me, that I would forego this prosecution—I know Mrs. Harris—I have understood she is the prisoner's aunt—I have not made such an offer to heir—I made no offer if I could get money, to stop the prosecution.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had you placed implicit confidence in the prisoner? A. Most unbounded confidence—I give a great many checks—it was the prisoner's business to fill up the checks, and put the amount in the counterfoil—the alteration I have made in the check-book is the alteration of the number, and that was done since the prisoner has been committed—that alteration would not alter the date nor the sum—this sum of 5l. has not undergone the slightest alteration—there is no other sum of 5l., or 25l., dated 17th April—my transactions in a day very often amount to thousands.





JOHN PRINCE LEMMON
. I am clerk to Martin, Stone, and Martin, bankers, Lombard-street. Mr. Colquhoun banks with that house—on 17th April I paid this check, for 25l.—I gave 15l. in money, and a 10l.—note, No. 99530, dated 10th Jan., 1851—this is the note (looking at it.)





RICHARD ADET BAILIE
. I am in the accountant's office, in the Bank of England—I produce this 10l.—note, cancelled—it is signed "Robert Fortescue Mackrill."





EDWARD SHERIDAN
 (policeman, K 286.) I received the prisoner in

custody from the prosecutor—I searched him, and found these five checks in the left sleeve of his coat.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you hear the prosecutor offer to forego this prosecution? A. He did not say he would forego the prosecution, he said, if he restored his property, he would have him dealt with as leniently as the law would permit.
(The checks found on the prisoner were here read: three were dated 16th Aug., and were for 2l. 10s., 5l., and 4l. 13s. 9d.; and the other, 23rd Aug., for 10l.; and 27th Aug., for 7l. 10s., all signed Jas. Colquhoun.)

COURT
to
MR. COLQUHOUN. Q. What was the prisoner's salary? A. 50l. a year—it was not so much at first, and it has been reduced lately—I never saw these five checks at all till they were found in the prisoner's sleeve—I am satisfied they came from my check-book—I find the counterfoils torn away in several places.
(The prisoner received a good character from Mary Ann Parry and Elizabeth Harris.





GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.

