



573. 




BENJAMIN HASSLER



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Edward Bannister, and stealing 1 watch, 2 watch chains, and 1 key, value 46l. 5s.; and 26l. in money, and 5 5l. bank-notes; his property.—2nd COUNT, receiving the same.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.







MARIA CHAPMAN
. I have lived several years in the service of Mr. Burmister, of Springwell, Clapham. I know the prisoner—he lived with Mr. Burmister six years ago—on 26th March I went to bed at 10 o'clock—my fellow-servant, George Reynolds, was the last person up—in the morning the clock struck six as I came down stairs—I found the door at the top of the kitchen stairs, the breakfast-room door, and the larder window, open—anybody could have got into the house by that window—some wire had been pushed aside, and the bar taken away—it was shut at 9 on the night before—I found my master's cash-box in the breakfast-room, open, and a bag and a bunch of keys—I called up Reynolds and my master—I found a lamp in the larder, which was usually kept in the pantry cupboard.





GEORGE REYNOLDS
. I am footman to Mr. Burmister. I was called up, and found the house had been broken open—I went to bed at half-past 11 o'clock, and left my lamp in the pantry—the windows were all fast, except the larder window, which was not quite shut, within about an inch—in the morning I found the lamp there, blown out—I missed three or four glasses of wine from a decanter in the pantry.





EDWARD BURMISTER, ESQ
. I am a merchant, and live at Springwell, Clapham. The prisoner was in my service six years ago—I was called up on this morning and missed my watch from my dressing room—I saw my cash-box empty in the breakfast room; it had been locked up in my wardrobe the night before, the key of which was in some part of the room, or in an empty drawer—it was my custom to put it there when the prisoner was with me—I found the wardrobe shut—I missed 50l.; 15l. was in notes in the box, and 35l. in the bag—I had sent my clerk to the Bank of England on 20th Feb. with a check for 35l., he brought back two 5l.-notes, Nos. 68483, and 68434, twenty sovereigns, six half-sovereigns, and 2l. in silver, which I put into the bag in my cash box—that is my watch and chain (produced).

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What do you know the watch by? A. By the number and maker—Reynolds has been with me 'eighteen years—the prisoner was in my service with him—I did not take the numbers of the notes at the time, I got them of the bank clerk since.





DANIEL ADYE BAILEY
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England. On 20th Feb. I cashed this check—I gave two 5l.-notes, Nos. 68433, and 68434—this is a memorandum made by me from the Bank books, in which I entered the notes at the time I paid them.





RICHARD ADYE BAILEY
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England. I produce this cancelled note, which was paid in on 2nd April.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know that? A. From the Bank books.





WILLIAM ARMSTRONG
. I am clerk to Mr. Burmister. At the end of Feb. I got a check cashed at the Bank—I got two 5l.-notes—I did not take the numbers, or make any mark on them.





HENRY TATTERSELL
. I live at Mr. Blissett's, Dudley-grove, Harrow-road. On 27th March a pin, similar to this, was redeemed, to the best of my knowledge, by the prisoner; it was in pledge for 2s. 6d., in the name of John Smith; he tendered this 5l.-note—I did not take the number, but I endorsed on it, "Smith, 27, 3, 52," and my initials, which are here.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you speak with any degree of certainty to the

prisoner? A. I believe him to be the man on account of his being dark, and a note being paid to me for so small an amount.





ANN HUNT
. I live at 12, Field-place, Kensington. I know the prisoner, he had a furnished room at my house—I know he was out of a situation—I have known him many years, he never appeared to have any money—he paid me no rent, and I lent him 3s. 6d. at one time, and several shillings, when he has told me he was going after a situation—I saw I think it was a coat, taken from the wardrobe, and a watch and chain from a portmanteau in his room.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you known him before? A. I knew his sister—he owes me the rent, and has boarded with me as well, ever since November.





JONATHAN WHICHER
. I am a sergeant of the detective police. On 3rd April, I received information, and watched the house, 12, Field-place—I saw the prisoner come out, followed him to Notting-hill, stopped him, and said, "I believe your name is Hassler?"—he said, "No, it is not"—I said, "What is your name?"—he said, "My name is Benthall"—I said, "I believe you lived at Clapham-common some years ago?"—he said, "No, I never lived there"—I said I was an officer, and apprehended him on suspicion of committing a burglary at Mr. Burmister's, on Clapham-common—he said he knew nothing about it—I took him to the station, and found this gold watch, the pin in his cravat, this chain attached to the watch, a duplicate of a ring, pawned for 4s. in the name of Charles Smith, and a knife, two keys, and 15s. 6d.—at the station he said he knew nothing about the robbery, but he bought the watch of an old Jew—I went with Shaw to Field-place, and found the portmanteau unlocked—I tried one of the keys to it, and it locked and unlocked it.





FREDERICK SHAW
. I am an inspector of detective police. I went with Whicker, and found in the portmanteau the gold chain (produced)—in the wardrobe a new coat, a pair of boots, a pair of trowsers, and two neck ties, all new; also eight sovereigns, four halfpence, and a register of baptism in the name of Hassler.




GUILTY. on 2nd COUNT
. He was further charged with having been before convicted.






JOHN GLENN
 (policeman, D 290). I produce a certificate—(read—"Central Criminal Court: Benjamin Hassler, convicted Aug., 1850, of stealing in the dwelling house of his master; confined one year")—I was present—the prisoner is the man.


GUILTY. Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Maule.

