



770. 




ALBERT MERMINOD



, feloniously forging and uttering a bill of exchange for 150l., with intent to defraud 



Solomon Cahn and another.—2nd COUNT, with intent to defraud 



Angela Burdett Coutts, and others.


MR. COOPER
conducted the Prosecution.

(The prisoner being a foreigner, and unable to speak English, had the evidence interpreted to him.)





HENRY WILLIAM HODINOTT
. I am a cab-proprietor, living at 20, Great Blind-street, Dover-road. On 20th March, I was on the stand in Upper Thames-street—the prisoner came up to me, and asked whether I could speak French—I said I could not—I took him to a friend of mine, Mr. Unsworth, on Fish-street-hill—he there took a little pocket-book from hit side pocket, took from it two pieces of paper, and asked for pen and ink, having spoken some words previously—he laid the papers down on the counter, took the pen and wrote about eleven or twelve words (looking at the bill)—It was something like this that he wrote—when he took his hand up I saw an "S"—I cannot say that I saw him make all the words—he was writing on the paper—he put his pen in the ink, and wrote some words, and when he lifted up his hand I saw the letter "S"—I should say that his pen made marks by the way he was writing—I was standing close by him—I cannot swear that the "S" was not there before—I should say he was writing—he was moving his hand, and when he had done he took it up, and looked at it as if to see that it was done correctly, and he handed them to Mr. Unsworth—I did not notice whether the ink was wet or dry—after this was done I was told to fetch a cab, and the prisoner and Mr. Unsworth got in—I drove them to Messrs. Coutts' bank in the Strand—I there got off my box to let them out, and I saw the prisoner give Mr. Unsworth two pieces of paper which Mr. Unsworth took into Messrs. Coutts'—the prisoner remained in the cab—after Mr. Unsworth had been the bank a short time, somebody left the bank and came to me—in consequence of which I remained by my cab—after about a quarter of an hour Mr. Unsworth came out—the prisoner came with him—he had gone into the bank to Mr. Unsworth—they got into the cab again, and I drove to Copthall-chambers.

Prisoner. Q. How long after I spoke to you on the rank was it that you took me to Mr. Unsworth? A. I should say not two minutes—you got out of the cab before it arrived at Coutts'—I should say you waited quite a quarter of an hour in the cab before you went into the bank.





JAMES UNSWORTH
. I keep an eating-house at 37, Fish-street-hill. On Wednesday, 20th March, the prisoner and Hodinott came to my house—the prisoner asked me for pen and ink, which I gave him—he then pulled, out

his pocket-book, took out two papers, and put them down on the counter—he then took the pen and ink, but what he wrote I could not tell—I could not swear that he even wrote upon it—I was some distance away—he then gave me the bills to look at—I do not remember anything that was written on them; I did not take any notice; I was looking to see where he wanted to go by the bills—I did not notice whether the ink was fresh or not—he told me one was for 150l. and the other 100l., and he wished to go to Coutts' bank—he asked if I had got any money, as he had no money of his own, and I lent him 5s.—we then went in the cab—when we got about half or threequarters of a mile from Coutts' bank he told me to stop the cab, which I did, and he got out and went into a stationer's shop—he stopped there about two minutes—I was afraid he would be too late at the bank to get the notes changed, and went in to fetch him—he came out with me, and we then proceeded to the bank—on the road he said I might take the change in what money I thought proper, either in gold or notes—on reaching the bank he gave me the two bills out of his pocket, and I took them into the bank and presented them both at the counter—these (produced) are them—on presenting them the clerks began to whisper one to the other, and refused payment—I asked them to have the kindness to go and not let the cabman go away—in about a quarter of an hour the prisoner came into the bank and asked for Mr. Cahn's address—nothing occurred there to make him ask that—nothing was said about Mr. Cahn—the address was given, and I left the bank with the prisoner—I told the cab man to drive to the address which the banker's clerk had given me, and the prisoner pressed me to go to Mr. Cahn's—we went and saw Mr. Cahn—I gave him the two bills which I had kept in my possession—the prisoner was by at the time—Mr. Cahn examined them, and said he should keep them, he should not deliver them back—the prisoner immediately said if Mr. Cahn would pay him his passage there and back to Paris he would be satisfied.

Prisoner. Q. Did I mention to you the name of Mr. Cahn? A. You did; you explained to me why you got out of the cab—you did not ask me Mr. Cahn's address in the cab, but immediately you came into the bank—when we came out from the bank you said I had misunderstood you as regarded presenting the bills—that was in the cab—when we arrived at Mr. Cahn's I cannot recollect whether I spoke English or French, but I suppose I must have spoken English.

MR. COOPER. Q. Are you certain that he told you to present these bilk, and get them cashed in paper or gold? A. Yes.

COURT. Q. But did he tell you to present them at Coutts'? A. He did—he asked me for Coutts' and Co. at my house before we went—I looked it the bottom of the bills to see to whom they were addressed—he told me by word of mouth to drive to Coutts'.





SALOMON CAHN
. I am a merchant, in partnership with my brother, at 3, Copthall Chambers. The endorsement, "Solomon Cahn," to this 150l.-bill, was not written by me, or with my authority—it was brought to me by Unsworth and the prisoner—I told them that the bills must either have been lost or stolen, and I should detain them—we expected such bills from Cahn Brothers, of Paris, relations of mine—I asked the prisoner particularly whether he had been to Messrs. Coutts' to get the money—he said, "No"—I looked at the back of the bills, and saw that our signature had been forged—I immediately suspected that he must have been to Messrs. Coutts' to get the money, because the bills are acquitted—that is the usual acquittance—it is in French, but that makes no difference, they would have paid it just the same—in order

to obtain the money from Coutts' when bills are so directed, it is necessary to write that—I asked the prisoner again to tell me whether he had been to Messrs. Coutts to get the money, and then he said he had been there to find out our address—that was not very likely—then Mr. Unsworth, who had not said anything all the while, said to me, "That is the biggest lie that was ever told, because we went up to Messrs. Coutts' in the cab, and he told me particularly to get the money for him, either in notes or in gold"—the prisoner afterwards said, when I asked how he became possessed of the bills, that he was taking a walk in Paris, and met a young man who bad these bills in his hand, and he was going to tear them up; that he went up to him, and told him it was a great pity to tear those bills up, he would go over to London, I do not exactly recollect whether he said he would deliver them, or get the money for them, but he said something to that effect—I then gave him into custody.

Prisoner.
Q. Did not I tell you I was innocent, and that the young man wished to give the bills back to Messrs. Cahn and Co., of Paris? A. Yes; something to that effect—you may have said you begged the young man not to burn them, and you would undertake to bring them to London, and doubtless we should indemnify you for your journey—you said at first, that you would go to Paris to fetch the letter that was missing, and immediately afterwards you pulled out the letter with the half of a 300l. bank-note, which was also missing—you said those were the rest of the things that the young man had given you, and they would prove you to be an honest man—you said we should receive an assurance from abroad, with some papers in connection with this affair, which would prove your innocence—I have received two letters from you since you have been in prison, and one from Paris.





FREDERICK GEORGE
. I am a clerk in Messrs. Coutts' bank. On 20th March, two bills for 150l. and 100l. were brought to the bank—these produced are them—they were presented and refused—we had had notice to reject them.

Prisoner. Q. Did Mr. Unsworth make any observation to you when he delivered the bills? A. Yes; not to let the cowman go away—that was after they were refused—he did not make any observation as he presented the bills—it was not to me he spoke, I was engaged in another part of the bank at the time.





ROBERT TAYLOR
 (City-policeman, 144). I have produced the bills; they have been in my custody ever since I received them at the station—I took the prisoner into custody, and found on him this pocket-book, a half-franc, part of a letter, with the signature torn off, containing half of a 300l.-note, and two passports.

Prisoner. Q. Did you find the letter containing the bank-note? A. No; you produced it from your pocket previous to my searching you, and gave it to the prosecutor—as I was taking you from Guildhall to the prison you were addressed by a gentleman from the Swiss Consul.
(The prisoner read in French a long defence, which was interpreted to the Jury, and in which he stated that on 19th March he met a young man with whom he was intimately acquainted, in a coffee-house in Paris, who stated that he had found the papers in question, and after some hesitation admitted having forged the signature of Messrs. Cahn to the bills; that he advised him to restore them to Messrs. Cahn Brothers, of Paris, but he refused to do so, and declared to intention of starting at once for London; that he (the prisoner) after in vain remonstrating with him, offered to bring the bills to London, but that his sole object in doing so was to deliver them up to Messrs. Cahn, in the hope of



receiving some remuneration for his honesty; that he received from the young man (whose name he had sworn not to divulge,) the passports and papers found on him, and came to London for that purpose; that his only object in going to Messrs. Coutts' was to obtain Messrs. Cahn's address, and that all he had done to the bill at the eating-house was to rectify the date).




GUILTY
of Uttering.
 Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.

