



763. 




JAMES THOMPSON



, feloniously cutting and wounding 



Susan Searle upon the head, with intent to murder her. 2nd COUNT, with intent to do grievous bodily harm.


MR. BROWN
conducted the Prosecution.






SUSAN SEARLE
. I am the wife of John Searle, and live in Church-street, West Ham. The prisoner is my brother—I remember seeing him on 31st May—prior to that time I had been on bad terms with him, but I cannot say for what cause; he owes me some ill will, but I cannot say for why—I saw him opposite my house that day for a long time, but I would not take any heed of him—I went down stairs to let my lodger in, and when I opened the door, he drew his van which he was in, close to the door, and made a strike at me with the whip—he made use of a very vile expression, and said he would cut my guts out and hang them round my neck—I shut the door, and then he exclaimed that he had come to mill the glaze—I suppose that was to break the windows—I ran out of my house the back way, and went in to Mrs. Reeves, the house next door but one to mine—I did that because I was afraid of him, and I had no one at home to protect me—Mrs. Reeves was standing by her door, I was standing by the side of her, talking to her, and before I could hardly see where I was, the prisoner came up to me, and struck me a blow on the left side of the head with his clenched fist—he made use of a very vile expression, and said he would do for me—he called me a b—y w—e—that was not the expression that he had used before—Mrs. Reeves told him that he was no man to come into her house to insult his sister, and he should not do so—he said he would strike her also—he struck at me again—he then took a hammer off the

counter, and struck me with it on the head in two places; one blow inflicted a very large wound—I bled a great deal—Mrs. Reeves and her boy then endeavoured to shove him out—they got him out, and we shut the door"—he said that he would throw the hammer through the window—I asked the little boy to go and fetch his father or a policeman—he opened the door and went out, and the prisoner flew in, grasped me by the throat, and inflicted this other wound on my head with the hammer—I remember nothing more after that—I defended myself after I got the first blow from the hammer, with a piece of iron hoop; I struck at him, but I cannot say where I struck him—I cannot say whether I did strike him, for my face was covered with blood, and my hair was all in disorder—I believe I did hit him, but I cannot say where—I cannot tell how many times he struck me after he got me by the throat—I remember receiving that blow, and I remember nothing more—after I came to myself I was very weak; I was then in my own house—it was just before Mr. Williams, the surgeon, came; he attended to me—the prisoner was very much the worse for drink.

Prisoner. The blow I received from her broke a tooth out of my head, and cut my lip right through; I inflicted no blow with a hammer. Witness. I am positive that he struck me twice with the hammer—the piece of iron hoop I picked up off the floor in Mrs. Reeves's house—I had not said anything to the prisoner before he drove up to the side of the door.

Prisoner. She called me a murderer, and said I had murdered my mother. Witness. I did Dot—he said he would murder me, and I said, "If you do, it is no more than what you tried to do"—I do not believe he did murder his mother, and I never imputed it to him.





SARAH REEVES
. I am the wife of Edwin Reeves, and live in Church-street, West Ham. On 31st May I saw the prisoner in his van, fronting his sister's door—he was abusing her very much—she lived two doors from me—she came the back way to my house—that was directly after I had seen him abusing her—she was standing at the door, talking to me, and he came and hit her in the face with his clenched fist, saying, "my twelve months is up, now, and I will have my revenge of you, if possible"—I said, "If you come over my board, I will give you in charge to the police"—he put his foot over the board after he had hit her, and took the hammer off the counter—I got him out, and shut the door—he did not strike her then—he said if I did not let him come in, he would throw the hammer through the window—I then opened the door, and sent my son out to look for a policeman, and while he was gone, the prisoner came over, and hit his sister on the temple with the hammer—she flew round the counter, and he after her—he seized her by the throat, and hit her again with the hammer on the top of the head—this is the hammer (produced)—there is blood on it now—it is my husband's hammer—she fell down down senseless—she bled very much—he then went out of the house.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me pick up the hammer? A. Yes, off the counter; when I pushed you in the chest.

Prisoner. I took it out of my-sister's hand, and she cut her head against your stairs. Witness. She never had it in her hand.

COURT. Q. Did you see her take up the piece of iron hoop? A. Yes; it was close to where she was standing—she used it as well as she could against him, but she had no power—I did not see his lip cut and do not know how it was done.





SUSAN SEARLE

re-examined. I had made a charge against my brother before—he broke my windows and then attacked me in a savage manner,

and he was bound over to keep the peace for twelve months—I believe that is about fifteen months ago.





WILLIAM HENRY WILLIAMS
. I am a surgeon, at West Ham. On 31st May, I was called in to attend Mrs. Searle; I found her in a partial state of insensibility, evidently suffering from loss of blood—she had two wounds on her head, one on the left side just above the forehead, and one on the side near the vertex of the skull—the one on the left side was not of so severe a nature as the other, it was a lacerated wound evidently inflicted by a blunt instrument—the point of this hammer would inflict such a wound—the wound on the right side was more severe, it cut through the whole of the integuments and denuded the bone of its covering, it must have been done with very great force—when I first saw her, she was recovering from concussion of the brain—they were such wounds as would endanger life, she might have had inflammation following—I am attending her at the present time, I considered her in danger for nine or ten days.





WILLIAM SPEARING
 (policeman, K 18). I apprehended the prisoner on the morning of 1st June—I found him at work in the Barking-road—I told him he was charged with seriously assaulting his sister, Susan Searle—he said, "Yes, that's right, I should have killed her had not that woman interfered, I shall do it now some day, for she aggravates me to it"—I asked him where the hammer was, and he sent his boy to the stable and gave it up to me—this is it, I have had it ever since—I took him to the station.

Prisoner's Defence. Wherever I go to get my living she is always annoying me, and every time I pass her door she speaks falsely; this day she came out and abused me as I sat in the van; I would not get out for a long while; this is not the first or the second time, that she has committed assaults upon me; there has scarcely been a day since I was bound over, but she had hooted at me in the street, calling me a murderer and all sorts of things, which greatly aggravated me, and a parcel of strangers passing at the time; my mother was found drowned on the shore near Bromley, and had been lying there for three weeks, so that many persons might suppose there was something in it; she has been a bad one all her life time.




GUILTY
on 2nd Count.
 Aged 38.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.


Before, Russell Gurney, Esq.

