




804. 




CHARLES BROESE
 and 




KLAAS DE LEENU



, feloniously engraving upon a certain plate part of a promissory note of the 

President, Vice-President, and Directors of the Netherlands' Bank.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






FREDERICK JOHN WHITEMAN
. I am an engraver and printer, of No. 19. Little Queen-street, Lincoln's Inn-fields. On Saturday 11th June, about the middle of the day, the prisoner Broese came to my shop (he gave me his name Buray, but not on that occasion)—he said he wanted a plate made exactly like a tracing, and produced a small piece of paper which he had back from me with the proofs—I have not seen it since, this is it (produced)—there were two pieces of paper, one was the tracing, and the other was a piece printed in red ink—he said he wanted a plate made exactly like the patterns, and inquired the price, I told him about 25s., or 30s.—he said he did not think the person it was for was particular to 4s. or 5s., but he would ask him first, and call again—he said he should very likely want a great number done perhaps 1,000, but he should want 200 at first—he then took both the papers away—as far as I can recollect of the piece he took away, it would correspond in size with the piece cut out of this note (produced)—I should think it would have fitted into it—I returned him the tracing, and

the little bit of paper, that was to show me the kind of margin there was to be to it—he said he wanted it exactly like the tracing, and the small piece of paper that was printed in red ink, and to be very particular to do it in every respect like the red printing—at 6 o'clock on the same evening he came again with the same small piece of paper, he left the papers with me, requesting me to execute the order he had given me in the morning—I asked him his name, he wrote it down on a small piece of paper—this is it, I think (produced, "Mr. Burai" was written on it), he wrote it, except the first letter—I asked his address; at first he seemed surprised, and did not seem willing to give it—he did not give it, and I did not press him—I told him it was usual for strangers to leave a deposit, I should require 12s. 6d.—he left 5s., and said he would call again on Monday and bring the remainder of the deposit and some paper that he wanted printed—he wished the paper printed from the plate—this is the paper that he brought (produced)—he brought it on the Monday or Tuesday evening about 6 o'clock, and said he should want it printed from the plate which I was to make—he also brought a piece of paper with some writing on it; this (produced) is it; it was brought that I might make out some of the words more distinctly—they are the same words on the tracing and on the paper, they are more legible on the paper—the letters are extremely small on the tracing—he said he should want 200 done, and should want the proofs first to show this other person—he said he would call on the following evening, Tuesday, for it; he gave me another 5s. as a deposit, and left—on the Tuesday evening, between and 7 o'clock, he called again, the plate was then partially engraved; it was engraved from the tracing with the assistance of the letters on the paper—he examined it, and said he thought we were doing it very well—he asked when he could have a proof; I told him I would endeavour to let him have one on Thursday—on the Monday I had called on the Dutch Consul, and made a communication to him—in the proceedings I took afterwards, I acted by his directions—on the Thursday Broese called about o'clock in the evening, and asked if the proof was ready—I told him we had not finished the plate, and we would have one ready on the Friday evening for him—he left the remainder of the deposit 2s. 6d., and called again on the Friday evening and asked if the proof was ready—I had about a dozen of them printed, and gave ten of them to him—he examined them, and pointed out one or two necessary alterations—he said he must show them the other person, and took them away—he returned almost immediately, and asked for the small piece of paper printed in red ink; I gave it to him, and he left, saying he would call again that evening, or early the next morning—I did not see him again till he was in custody—I have got the plate I engraved; it is complete, with the exception of the alterations which the prisoner directed me to make; they were not made—the ten impressions I gave him were impressions from the plate—he spoke to me during the whole of the time in English, and seemed to understand my answers very well—I understood him very distinctly—I thought he spoke English very well for a foreigner.





DANIEL FORRESTER
. I am an officer of the police of the City. In consequence of a communication from Mr. Whiteman I went with him to the Consul-General of the Netherlands on 13th or 14th June—I received instructions from the Consul, and on Thursday, 16th June, went to Mr. Whiteman's shop, about 7 o'clock in the evening—I was secreted in the back parlour, and saw Broese in the shop—I remained on the spot till he came out, and then followed him out, and saw De Leenu standing still at the

bottom of Great Queen-street, near Lincoln's-inn Fields—he was just on the move, almost standing still, and looking about him, about thirty or forty yards from Mr. Whiteman's shop—Broese went in that direction, but proceeded along Lincoln's Inn-fields—De Leenu followed, and when they came near Turnstile they joined company—I followed them; they walked together, apparently in conversation—when they came to the Globe Insurance, in Cornhill, Broese turned to the right, towards London-bridge, and De Leenu went in the direction of Whitechapel—I followed him, and missed him near Gulstone-street—I went again on the Friday evening to the same neighbourhood, with Inspector Shaw, and an officer named Williamson—we took up our position so that we could see Mr. Whiteman's shop—about 6 o'clock I saw Broese coming along, and pointed him out to them—he entered Mr. Whiteman's shop, and further up Little Queen-street, towards Holborn, I saw De Leenu standing on the right hand side of the way, and drew Shaw's attention to him—he was about forty yards from the shop—I saw Broese come out of the shop and go towards Holborn, towards where De Leenu stood, but he suddenly turned back again, and re-entered the shop of Mr. Whiteman, and at that time De Leenu came towards the shop, towards Great Queen-street—he continued to advance, but I lost sight of him for a short time, because I kept my eye on the door till Broese came out again, which he did in a minute or two, and turned into Great Queen-street, towards Long Acre—I went into the street, and saw the prisoners on opposite sides of the way, both going westwards—I think Broese came over to De Leenu, and then they walked in company together till they got into Long Acre, when we took them into custody—I took hold of De Leenu, and took this pocket book from his hand, in which I found one of Mr. Whiteman's cards, and the card of another engraver, in Holborn; also a note of the Bank of the Netherlands, with a piece cot out of the margin; also this list (produced)—I believe it is in Dutch—(this being interpreted, contained the following list of articles, with their prices: a screw, 1s. 8d.; a file, 5d.; a leather, 9d.; paper, 7d.; paint, a small piece, 8d.; pens, 6d.; pencils, 6d.; paper for notes, 2s.; plate, 1s.; printing, 1s.; coupons, 7s.; changing a note, 2s.; ink and pumice stone, 2d.; gum and lead, 3d.)—I also found this paper (produced), on which is the tracing of part of a note (this being read had "1000" on the upper part, and"40" at the bottom)—the prisoners were then taken to the station house—I told Broese he was charged with having a plate engraved to represent an Amsterdam bank note, and asked him by whose order he got it done—I told him he was not bound to answer me without he pleased—he told me that a person of the name of Smith, living in John-street, employed him to get it done—I could not make out who he meant by Smith, of John-street, and he pointed to De Leenu, and said, "That is not the man"—he did not tell me what John-street, or give me a description of the person—he declared that he did not know De Leenu, and that he had never seen him before—I asked him if he was quite sure of that—he said, "Yes"—that was in De Leenu's presence—as far as I could understand him he said he was asking De Leenu to direct him to some place, and that he was directing him, and De Leenu, at the time they were apprehended, said so also—one of them gave the address, No. 10, Tenterden-street, Whitechapel; they both said they lived there—I went to Whitechapel—I could not find Tenterden-street, but found Tenter-street—I could not ascertain correctly that Broese lived there, but I ascertained that De Leenu did—I went into a kitchen of that house, which was used as a bedroom also, and on a chest of drawers there I found this parcel (produced), tied up in this way, in which I found three Amsterdam bank

notes and this glass frame—I cannot say whether it might be used for taking tracings; it is a pane of plain glass, not looking glass—in the same bundle I found some crow quills, some black lead pencils, a knife, a piece of wax, three pieces of pumice stone, three pieces of red paint, some black chalk, Indian rubber, some gum arabic, a small fine brush, a piece of white paint, and a piece of Indian ink—I also found a plate pierced for water mark (produced), and some paper, on which are tracings of parts of these notes—I have not been able to find out Broese's residence; I have used all the diligence I can respecting it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Were the two papers that the interpreter read, found in the hands of De Leenu, in the pocket book? A. Yes; there was what I understand is a genuine note in the pocket book, and also this tracing paper, and these two cards—there was no partition in the kitchen—De Leenu and his wife and three children lived there, I believe—I saw no hesitation as to his giving me his address—I should think he understood English very imperfectly—he expressed himself very imperfectly, he did not say much—I mean to say, he was able to speak to me about asking the direction—this is my signature to my depositions—I cannot say why I did not mention what De Leenu said to me before the Magistrate—I say on my oath that he did say that.





HENRY ADLARD
. I am an engraver, and have had a good deal of experience for many years in these matters. I have seen the genuine note found on De Leenu—the papers given to Mr. Whiteman are all fac-simile tracings of the note, copies of parts of it—the plate produced by Mr. Whiteman would not produce this genuine note.





FREDERICK SHAW
 (police inspector), I took some papers from the person of Broese (produced)—I was in company with Forrester





HENRY ADLARD

continued. I have no doubt that these ten notes have been taken from this plate, and are, as far as they go, imitations of the genuine Amsterdam note; but the genuine note is not produced from a plate, but from type—this piece of lead (produced) is what we call the stencil plate; if this is put on a piece of paper and rubbed with sweet oil, or any greasy substance, it produces the imitation of a watermark—I have no doubt that it has been traced from the watermark on the genuine note—this piece has been cut from the genuine note—this glass produced, the crowquills, red and white paint, and Indian ink, are all materials for making fac-similes of documents or bank notes—the glass is used to put slantways, to put a strong light in order to make the tracing easy—this is tracing paper, which we make fac-similes with.





FREDERICK JOHN WHITEMAN

re-examined. I gave a card of mine to Broese—that produced is one of my cards—these are nine of the notes I struck off the plate by Broese's direction.





CATHERINE GARNER
. I am a lodger, at No. 10, Tenter-street, Whitechapel. I know De Leenu—I have known him three weeks yesterday—he occupied the kitchen of that house—he has not occupied it more than two months, I think—he was there when I went; his wife lived with him—I cannot say whether they had any children living there.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not Broese lodge there? A. I cannot say that he lodged there; I have frequently seen him in and out, as though he had a right to come there; and I saw him on the Thursday morning before he was apprehended on Friday, sharpening a knife with a stone, about a quarter or half-past 7 o'clock.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did you hire a lodging there? A. Yes; of Mr. De Leenu—the front room up stain.






JOHANNES ADRIAAN HINSBECK
 (through an interpreter), I am chief cashier of the Netherlands Bank, at Amsterdam. This is one of the notes of that bank—such notes circulate in that country—these other three notes are forgeries—such notes circulate by the authority of the directors of that bank.

Cross-examined. Q. Is that a private bank? A. It is a company of shareholders; the Government is in connection with it, there is a decree of the King—the shareholders divide the profits among themselves by way of dividend, like a railway company—these are the notes they issue to their customers.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Is there any other bank in the Netherlands that issues such notes? A. No; they are received at the Government offices through the whole country—there is not a national bank besides.

Broese's Defence. I am not guilty of committing any forgery; I had the plate engraved by order of Mr. Schmidt; it was merely an errand that I executed, and I was paid for it; the articles found at the house of De Leenu were not my property, but were given into his wife's keeping by Schmidt, and he gave me directions to fetch him from the railway at London-bridge; he accompanied me, and gave him all that is contained in the handkerchief, saying, "Take care of this till to-morrow morning, I will then fetch the proof;" he told me on the same evening, Thursday, that he would come to fetch the proof, which I was to get from the engraver on Friday evening; I went to fetch the proof, and was taken into custody; I have been very much deceived by these people.

BROESE—


GUILTY
. Aged 41.—



Confined One Year.


DE LEENU—


GUILTY
. Aged 53.—


Transported for Ten Years.






HENRY ISAACS
, an officer, stated that he had De Leenu in custody in 1851 for a robbery committed at Amsterdam to the extent of 4,000l.
