



1780. 




THOMAS WEBB



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Henry Carey, and stealing 1 neck-chain, 1 milk-pot, 12 spoons, 20 forks, and other articles, value 57l. 3s.; his property.


MR. O'BRIEN
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH BRIND
. I am servant to Mr. William Henry Carey, of Tyron's-place, Hackney. On Monday evening, 7th Oct., about half-past six o'clock, I met the prisoner about a yard from the carriage-house door, in the street—I met one man first, and then the prisoner, and another man—I passed close by the side of them, and had a good opportunity of observing them—they were walking very slowly—I went in-doors, and about half-past seven, I was putting my master's children to bed on the second-floor, and my attention was attracted by the opening of our bed-room window, which is the adjoining room—it is in front of the house, and the window looks into the street, over the stable—I did not think anything further of it till I left the room at a quarter to eight, when I found the window and door wide open, and a chair placed against the door—I shut the window and door, and went down to my mistress's room on the first-floor—the door of that room was shut—I did not know whether it was fastened, and I listened—I heard a rusting

of paper, and concluded it was my mistress, and did not attempt to open the door—as I left the room I was met by one of the young ladies, who requested me to get something from the room; I said some one was there—she said, "Mamma is not there," and we rushed down-stairs, got the cook, and she burst the room open, and I saw the prisoner there with a lighted candle in the room—I had a full opportunity of seeing him—I have no doubt he is the man—I never saw him before—we then rushed down-stairs and alarmed my mistress—I did not return for three-quarters of an hour, and then found a crow-bar and several matches on the bed, and some in the room—on examining the premises, I should say the entry had been effected over the stable, and at the attic window—the prisoner was about three yards from the stable when I met him at a quarter-past six—I gave a description of the prisoner to Clark the policeman—on the following Friday morning, I went with my master into Pearson-steet, and saw the prisoner there, and recognised him—Clark was walking behind, in case I should give information as to the man I saw—if I saw the man, I was to give a signal.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Where had you and the constable met? A. In Pearson-street, nearly two hours before—I was not walking at my master's side two hours—we went to a baker's shop and waited there—Clark was in plain clothes; he told us we might see somebody who he suspected—he did not tell me what the person was like, I was to find out that—I told him what the person was like, and he said he thought he had got the man, and if we waited we should see him, and if I saw the man in walking down the street, I was to put my parasol over my right shoulder, and I did so; it was down when I did that—I was not looking at him ten minutes, I did it directly I saw him, but I had some distance to walk—I saw his face, and had a regular look at him, a good stare—I had been in Pearson-street two mornings with the parasol, my master and Clarke—I had not placed my parasol over my shoulder before—Clark had not showed me any one else—I did not know the name of the man I was to be shown, or hear any account of him from Clark—when I saw him on the Monday, he wore a hat and rather a light handkerchief—I have not seen either of the others since—I think I should know the one that was by the prisoner's side—they looked very hard at me, and I looked at them too, because I thought it was somebody who had been to the house—they were coming in a direction from the house—it was about ten minutes to eight o'clock when I saw the prisoner in my mistress's bedroom—he then had no hat on, and was standing at the left side of the bed—I do not know whether he had came from under the bed; I have not said so—I did not wait very long to look at him—the cook saw a man, but she was in the act of looking round to see what she had done to the door; she might have seen him if she looked, but she did not look enough—I went into the room—she did not take any walks with the parasol and the policeman—she is not here; she has not been shown the prisoner, because she did not see his face, she did not see any part of him that I am aware of.

MR. O'BRIEN. Q. What else did you see? A. I saw the plate-chest on the bed—my master delivered the crowbar to the policeman—I have no doubt the prisoner is the man I saw in the bedroom.

COURT. Q. Had you seen the attic window shut before? A. Yes, I shut it myself at half-past six.





WILLIAM HENRY CAREY
. I live at Tyron's-place, in the parish of St. John, Hackney. On 7th Oct. I returned home about half-past nine o'clock, and in consequence of information I immediately examined the plate-chest, which was kept at the entrance of the bedroom—my wife kept the key of it

—I found it lying on the bed wrenched open, and missed a dozen silver dessert-spoons, some forks, knives, tea-spoons, a milk-pot, three boxes of children's silver spoons, a punch-ladle, and a fish-slice; and from the dressing table drawer I missed a lady's gold chain, two brooches, a steel bracelet, a gold purse, and another purse, altogether worth about 60l.—I had seen the chest safe in the morning—it is my dwelling-house.





RICHARD CLARK
 (policeman, N 223). On 7th Oct. I received information of this robbery, and received a description from Brind, in consequence of which, on Friday morning, the 11th, I met Mr. Carey in Pearson-street, at half-past seven o'clock—(I had also met him on the Thursday)—we remained there until about a quarter to ten—I saw the prisoner coming up Pearson-street—I called Mr. Carey and the servant from up-stairs at the baker's shop into the street—I told Mr. Carey there was a man going down the street of the description, and on a signal from the servant I went up, and she pointed out the man to me—I took him into custody, told him the charge, and he said he knew nothing of it—I afterwards went to his lodging, No. 70, Pearson-street, searched them, and found nothing.

Cross-examined. Q. You found nothing? A. Not relating to the robbery—I took from his person 5s., and some Berlin wool in a little box—it turned out to be the work of his wife—I called out to the servant, "Here is a man coming up the street answering the description you gave me"—she then came down stairs with her master—that was about sixty yards from the man—she had a full opportunity of seeing him after she came out of the shop—I remained at the shop door, and she and Mr. Carey went on—I remained where I was till the signal, which was Mr. Carey laying his cane on his right shoulder—that was the only signal agreed on—I then went, and the prisoner was given into custody—Brind was in the room when I arranged the signal with Mr. Carey—I think she must have heard it.

MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Where was he when he was given into custody? A. In a chandler's shop—I think he was there when the signal was gives—I could not see him—I had seen him going towards the shop.





DANIEL STROUD
. I am potman at the Dolphin public-house at Hackney. On the evening of 7th Oct. I was in Wells-street, which is 150 yards from Mr. Carey's, and saw a person getting away from Mr. Carey's over the wall from the back premises—I asked him if he was coming over that way—he said, "Yes"—he turned his face from me; I could not catch his features—he ran away, and was quickly out of sight—I believe the prisoner is the man—he had on a frock coat and dark trousers, and a hat.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it not a dark night? A. Yes—when I find saw him he was in a stooping position—I never had a full view of his face, and have very slender grounds for my belief.





GEORGE PULLFORD
 (policeman, N 289). I produce a crowbar which I received from Mr. Carey's house.
(The prisoner's statement before the Magistrate was here read). "I am quite innocent; the witnesses must be mistaken; I can call witnesses at my trial to state where I was from five o'clock till a few minutes after eight on that night."

MR. BALLANTINE
called the following Witnesses.






WILLIAM CHESTER
. I keep a beer-shop, at 9, Ayre-street, Bethnal-green, and know the prisoner as a customer. On 7th Oct. he was at my house from four o'clock to half-past eight—I was in the same room with him the best part of the time—he had on a sort of greenish coat and a pair of trowsers striped down—my mother, who is here, supplied him with some tea—I was in the habit of seeing him twice a week, or so.


Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Do you know where Mr. Carey lives? A. No; I live about a mile and a half, or two miles, from the beginning of Hackney parish—I heard, last Thursday, that the prisoner was taken—I do not recollect the day of the month, but am sure it was this day week—I and my wife serve at my house, and my mother occasionally—I have no servant—I cannot say when the prisoner was at my shop last before that—he calls in once or twice a week—he was sitting in the parlour all the time with Thomas Buckmaster, who is here—I was not in the room all the time—I went into the bar to have my tea—I served the prisoner with four or five pints of ale—I looked at the clock when he came in—there was no one in the house at the time, and the clock is right before my eyes—I do not look at the clock when every customer comes in—I looked at the clock when he went out—I did not write down the time—I never saw Buckmaster with him before; I believe he is an entire stranger to the prisoner, he is a customer of mine, and I know he was never a friend of the prisoner's—Buckmaster had a pint of beer about three in the afternoon, and my wife may have served him with something else—he and the prisoner were not drinking together, or sitting together—the glass might have been handed round—they were not talking together—Buckmaster was there from three till eleven; I did not look at the clock when he came in, or when he went out—another young man, of the name of William Fipos, who lives nearly opposite me, came in while they were there; he is here—he was not long in the house—he is in and out a dozen or twenty times a day—he was there twice while the prisoner was there, somewhere about five and somewhere about seven; I cannot gay to a minute—he is an entire stranger to the prisoner—he did not remain any time in the parlour—he was in and out just a minute, to say "Mr. Chester, will you oblige me with change?"—he came at five for change for a shilling—he had no beer at seven—I cannot say whether it was for change for a shilling or a half-crown—he is a loom broker for weavers—the prisoner had tea at six—I know the time, because I take my meals at one regular time, and be had tea at the same time as us—he came out of the parlour, stood at the bar, and my mother handed it over the bar to him—there was no one there but my mother, my wife, and myself—Buckmaster was in the parlour—I should say it took him five minutes, and he then went into the parlour again and had more ale—I was not out at all that evening.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Did he drink the whole of the ale? A. He just handed Buckmaster a glass—he paid me for it.





JANE CHESTER
. I am the mother of William Chester, and live with him at his beer-shop. I was at home on 7th Oct.; that was Monday—I know the prisoner, and saw him come to the house that day, between four o'clock and half after; I am not quite certain as to a minute—I was in the bar at the time, and he went in and had a pint of ale—he had some tea—we generally have tea at six, and he had some—I gave it him, and a slice of bread and butter—I was inside the bar, and he outside—he went away from eight to half-past—I am sixty-eight years old.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you go into the parlour? A. Yes, and carried ale in to the prisoner, and when he left he was rather the worse for liquor—Mr. Buckmaster and Fipos were there also—Fipos had a little ale, and left about seven o'clock—he had some between five and six, I believe—I saw him come in—he was in the parlour while there, sitting down, and Buckmaster also—I think Buckmaster came between five and six, or it might be more—he did not stop long, because he had business to attend to—oh, Buckmaster stopped till about eight or nine o'clock; he stopped rather lateish—I cannot

say how long he remained—he was in the habit of stopping lateish—he did not come with Fipos—I saw him go out; I cannot exactly say whether it was before or after the prisoner; it might have been about the same time; I cannot say exactly, so many go in and out of our house—the prisoner was the first who came to the house, and they came afterwards, as they usually do of an evening—they came separately—Buck master, I rather think, came first—I cannot exactly say whether I went into the parlour while those three were sitting there—several strange people came in—we have no other room—between four o'clock, when Webb came, and the time he left, there might have been a dozen people besides Buck master and Fipos—the prisoner had his back towards the bar in the parlour—it is a small parlour—to the best of my belief Buckmaster and Fipos were on the other side—I did not hear any conversation between them—there were only the customers there, that came to have a pint; I cannot call to mind who they were—I heard about last Wednesday that the prisoner was taken up—he was taken on the 7th—some one came and said on the Wednesday, that he was taken on the Monday—I suppose it is three Wednesdays ago; I cannot exactly tell you the day—he was in the habit of coming to the shop now and then—he was not a regular customer, but my son knew him—I have known him four or five months—he was there a day or two before he was taken, and he has not been since the 10th—I last saw him on the 10th—that was the day that he, and Buckmaster, and Fipos, were in the parlour.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. I think yon say it was the 10th you saw Buckmaster, and Fipos, and this man? A. Yes; they were all there on the 10th—I am quite sure it was Monday.





THOMAS BUCKMASTER
. I am a knitting-needle manufacturer, and know the house kept by Chester. On Monday, 7th Oct., I was there before the prisoner came in—I am sure it was the 7th, not the 10th—the prisoner came about four o'clock—I remained till nigh twelve—I went up to a sing-song up-stairs—the prisoner left about half-past eight—the singing had then begun—he did not go up to it—I left the parlour about a quarter to nine—I saw the prisoner have tea about six—I first heard he had been taken, last Monday week—I was applied to appear at the police-court, and did so—I had not been acquainted with the prisoner—I had seen him there once or twice before.

Cross-examined. Q. Had yon ever spoken to him at all? A. Not to make any acquaintance; I have said, "Good morning," or "Good afternoon"—I never drank with him before—we did not have anything particular together that day—he had four or five pints of the best ale, and I drank such a thing as two glasses of it—I was there when he came in—Fipos came in with him—he did not remain above a minute, just looked into the door, or so—he did not have anything to drink that I saw—he could have taken it without my seeing him at the bar, but I do not expect that he could in the parlour—he did not sit down, to my knowledge—I was there on the Wednesday—I cannot answer whether I saw Fipos there that day—I can't answer about Wednesday—I am there every evening after I have done work—I cannot exactly say what time I went on the Wednesday—it was three o'clock that I went on the Monday—I noticed the time then, because I was not at work that day—on the Wednesday I remained there till ten—I went that day in the evening; it was dark, but what time I cannot say—I work it 7, King-street, for myself, at making ivory and bone knitting-needles—I sell them to the Berlin-wool shops—the prisoner was a perfect stranger to me barring seeing him once or twice there—I did not see him there on the

Wednesday—there were several people there—on the Monday there was no one else besides Mr. Fipos and Mr. Chester—persons might have come in at the door without my seeing them, but they did not sit down and have ale—Mr. Chester was not there all the time; he went out to serve his customers—when he was not serving them, he was sitting with us, and conversing with the prisoner part of the time—the prisoner did not leave the parlour at all above five minutes at the outside, when he went to take tea; and while he was there I went out and got a pint of porter—I had three pints, and paid 2d. for each pint as I had it—a great number of persons were up-stairs in the evening—I know the prisoner went at half-past eight, because I went to the bar a short time after, and saw the clock, and went up-stairs, and Mr. Cheater told me he must go up and get the room ready—I saw the clock after the prisoner was gone.





WILLIAM FIPOS
. I live at 101, Ayre-street, and am a weaver's loom broker. On Monday, 7th Oct., I went to Mr. Chester, about a quarter to five, to get change for a shilling, and saw the prisoner there—I went in several times that evening up to seven o'clock, and aaw him there every time.

Croos-examined. Q. How long did you remain? A. Three minutes; perhaps two minutes—I did not sit down—I think I had some drink the second time I went in—I might have sat down there, but I cannot exactly say, because I did not expect to be summoned up on such an occasion—I swear I did not remain there from five to seven, talking to the prisoner—I think I spoke to him—I only knew him by seeing him in and out of the place—I did not know his name—I saw Buckmaster there, I think he was sitting down, and the landlord was there—I dare say there were four or five more, but I do not know who they were except those persons—I will not swear there were not four or five there the second time—I go there daily, and sometimes have a drop of ale—I do not know Tyron's-place, Hackney—I heard of this robbery on the Thursday.





ISABELLA VANDERPANT
. I work with my sister, and live at 70, Pearson-street, where the prisoner lives. I remember the night of Monday, 7th Oct.—I got home that night as the clock was striking nine—the prisoner let me in—he had a dark green coat on, which he has now, and a dark handkerchief—I do not know Tyron's-place.

Cross-examined. Q. Is your sister living with the prisoner? A. She lived at the same house; she is not his wife—my sister was at home on this evening, she is not here—besides us and the prisoner there is an old lady lives up-stairs, and Mrs. Sheene the landlady; she is not here—I and my sister live in the back-parlour, and the prisoner in the front—on this night I had been on a visit to 24, Feller-street, which is five minutes' walk from our house, and left there at five minutes to nine—I know I was there about an hour, because I looked at the clock when I went and when I came away—when I went it was five minutes to eight, and I was not to be any longer than an hour.

COURT. Q. What is your sister? A. She works at crotchet work, and is a single woman—no man lives with her—she is no connection of the prisoner's—Mrs. Sheene has just been confined.





ELIZABETH BRIND

examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Pearson-street is half an hour's walk from my master's—I think the witness Fipos is the man I saw with the prisoner outside the gate on the evening of the robbery.





WILLIAM FIFOS
, re-examined by MR. BALLANTINE. I have heard what

Brind says—I do not know where Tyron's place is—I was never out with the prisoner in my life, and never in his company.




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Seven Years.

