



661. 




GEORGE LONG



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Robert Ashton, and stealing 2 spoons, and 2 forks, value 14s.; the goods of 



Robert Ashton; and 14 spoons, and other articles, value 6l. 2s.; of 



John Winder




Lyon Winder and others.






JOSEPH PRIOR
. I am in the service of the Rev. Robert Ashton, of Putney; it is his dwelling-house. On Saturday night, a few minutes past ten o'clock, I left the plate in this basket, and went up to prayers in the back parlour—every door was locked—the kitchen-door was closed, but not shut—the window was fastened with shutters—there was no outer door—the front-door was closed—it opens with a handle outside, but the outer gate was locked—after prayers I missed the basket of plate, and gave information—I saw the Policeman find the basket under a tree—we traced footsteps 700 or 800

yards, to the bottom of the premises—I saw them compared next day with some boots, and they corresponded, both right and left.





THE REV. ROBERT ASHTON
. I live in the parish of Putney. The prisoner was my servant—he left me on 8th Feb., a week before the robbery—it is my dwelling-house—I had prayers that evening—I used to do so when the prisoner lived with me.

Prisoner. It is Mr. Winder's house; you were there as myself, only as a superior servant, to take care of an insane gentleman. Witness. It is taken in Mr. Winder's name; the gentleman is under my charge—I remember your telling me some one had called, and wished to wait till I returned from chapel.





HENRY UNDERHILL
 (police-sergeant, V 37). I received information, and found the prisoner about the midnight following in Kennington-lane—I told him the charge; he made no reply—I saw the whole of this plate taken from his person—I took his boots, and compared them with the marks in Mr. Ashton's garden—I made an impression by the side, and compared the two with a pair of compasses; they corresponded.

Prisoner's Defence. On the Sunday night I was at Shepherd's-bush all night, and on Monday at Richmond until the evening; as I returned, I met two men in a public-house, and walked with them to Wandsworth; they gave me a paper parcel to take home, and requested me to meet them with it on Kennington-common; I found it was plate, with Mr. Ashton's crest on it, and was going to take it there, when I was taken; I had lived there six months, and my footmarks would be in the garden; I was walking into the mouth of the people who were seeking for me.





HENRY UNDERHILL

re-examined. It was fine weather; the marks were quite fresh on soft mould.




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Ten Years.

