




483. 




JOHN ELLIS
 and 




JOSEPH CRIPPS



, stealing 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; the goods of 



Thomas Edmund Spencer, from his person: Ellis having been before convicted: to which


ELLIS pleaded 


GUILTY
.* Aged 15.—


Transported for Seven Years.


MR. MEW
conducted the Prosecution,





MICHAEL HAYDON
 (City policeman). On 10th March I was in Leadenhall-street—I saw the two prisoners; I watched them for about twenty minutes—they were together—I saw Ellis go behind the prosecutor, and Cripps went close behind Ellis, with the skirts of his coat open—Ellis put his hand into the gentleman's pocket, and took out a handkerchief—he put it into his right hand trowsers pocket—I went up and laid hold of Ellis, who then pulled the handkerchief out of his pocket and threw it on the ground—I spoke tot person, who ran after the prosecutor—he came back, and said in the presence of Ellis, "That handkerchief is mine"—I took Ellis to the station—Cripps ran away the moment I took Ellis—he was pursued, and taken by a brother officer—Cripps had a long loose coat on.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. This was in the middle of the day? A. Yes; I was on the south side of Leaden hall-street, near Lime-street—the prisoners were on the opposite side—the street was crowded—I was opposite them—Cripps was behind Ellis, and the prosecutor in front of them—he was going along the street; I had a side view of them—Cripps was behind Ellis, and he spread out the tail of his coat—I went and took hold of Ellis, and Cripps ran away—he had had his coat spread open.

COURT. Q. Would that prevent people behind from seeing? A. It would.





CORNELIUS BASSETT
 (City policeman). I was with the last witness—I saw the prisoners together for a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes before this occurrence—they were in conversation, and walking and following the prosecutor—Ellis put his hand into his coat pocket, took a handkerchief out, and put it into his own right hand trowsers pocket—Haydon took Ellis, and Cripps ran down St. Mary Axe—I followed, and took him in a court—he did not run till Haydon took hold of Ellis—I did not lose sight of him the whole time—I found nothing on him.






THOMAS EDMUND SPENCER
. I am an engraver. On that afternoon I was in Leadenhall-street—I was informed by some person I had lost my pocket handkerchief—I saw it, in one or two minutes afterwards, lying on the ground—this is it.

CRIPPS—


GUILTY
.** Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

