



304. 




CATHARINE LEE



, stealing 1 bag and 1 duplicate, value 1s. 1d., 1 half-sovereign, and 1 sixpence; the property of 



William Hornblow, from his person: having been before convicted.






WILLIAM HORNBLOW
. On Saturday, 30th Nov., I was in the West-minster-road, about half-past eight o'clock in the evening—I did not notice the prisoner till she came behind me and took hold of my arm—she wanted me to go with her—I told her I wanted to go home—she let go with one of her hands, and got her other hand in the sleeve of my coat—she began feeling my person, and got her hand in my left-hand trowsers pocket—she

took out this bag with a duplicate, and a half-sovereign—I had it safe not ten yards before I saw her—I had my hand in my pocket—there were many persons passing and repassing, but no one was near me—this is my bag and duplicate—it is my property, and was in my pocket at the time—I do not know whether the prisoner was in liquor, she pretended to be so.





WILLIAM PUDDIPHATT
 (policeman, L 98). The prisoner was given into my custody by Hornblow—she declared she had never seen him before, and did not know anything about the purse—she had been drinking, but was not drunk—she said she had only had a small drop of rum and water.





MARY SHERRIDAN
. I am searcher at the police-station. The prisoner was brought in there; she appeared to be in liquor, but she knew what she was about—I searched her; she kept one of her hands closed, and down by her side—I said, "What have you got"—she would not open it, and I was forced to call in a policeman—we got it open, and found in it this bag and duplicate, and a half-sovereign.

Prisoner's Defence. I do not recollect ever touching it; I was very much in liquor.





WILLIAM SMITH
 (police-sergeant, E 16). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction at Clerkenwell—(read—Convicted June, 1848, and confined six months)—she is the person, she was tried last Oct. for a similar offence, but was acquitted.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

