



459. 




JOSEPH HARTLEY



, feloniously uttering a forged 5l. note; with intent to defraud.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BAYLEY
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH NOTT SHEAVE
. I am a butcher, of Blackmore-street, Glaremarket. On 15th March the prisoner came to my shop, about 10 o'clock

in the evening—he purchased a leg of mutton—he asked me to put it inside, and said that he would call back in a few minutes for it—he returned in a few minutes, and asked me if I could give him change for a 5l. note—I said, "Yes"—he produced a note—I asked him what I should put on it—he said, "William Jenkinson"—I wrote that name on it—this is it—I noticed on the back of it, "W. C. Edgington" and "W. Wood and Son"—I gave him change, after deducting the amount of the leg of mutton—I asked where I was to send it to—he said it was to be sent to Lockwood's, in Drury-lane, to be left there for him—I asked my boy if he knew where Lockwood's was, he said, "Yes"—the prisoner was still there—I put the leg of mutton, in the basket, and sent him with it while the prisoner was still there—he stayed in the shop some few minutes, and then followed the boy directly—the note was returned to me on the Tuesday following.

Cross-examined by
MR. W. J. PAYNE. Q. Had you seen the prisoner before? A. Not that I am aware of—when he came it was rather a busy time—that is a great thoroughfare at that time on Saturday night—it was when he was about to pay for the leg of mutton that he asked for change for the 5l. note—he said nothing about the note till he came back the second time—I wrote this "William Jenkinson" on it—I noticed these other names on it before I took it—it appeared not like a new note, but one that had been used before.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You wrote the name of William Jenkinson on it from what the prisoner told you? A. Yes—I am positive the prisoner is the man—I found two indorsements on it, as if it had been in circulation.

MR. W. J. PAYNE. Q. When you took the note, did you say, "I see it I is backed"? A. No, I do not think I said so at all—I merely asked him what name I should put on the back.





JOHN MIDDLEDITCH
. I am servant to the last witness—I remember the prisoner coming to his shop for a leg of mutton—I am certain he is the man—I heard him tell my master where it was to be sent—I know Lockwood's—I shouldered the leg of mutton, and went away to Lockwood's—I when I came to the end of Clare-court, where it is crossed by Drury-lane, I I saw the prisoner standing at a woman's basket, and asking her which was I the way to Lockwood's—I said to him, "This way, up higher"—he took no notice of that, but he crossed Drury-lane, and was looking up at the names over the shop windows—I do not know whether Lockwood's is a sporting house—the doors go on a swing, and when I got there I saw the prisoner close by me—before I spoke to him he put both his arms on the door, and looked in—I said, "A leg of mutton for you, Sir"—he said, "Very well, all right"—he took it in his hand and went down Russell-street with it—I went home.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you in the shop when he first came in? A. No—I was just outside the door when he paid for it—I saw my master give him some money—I did not see what he gave him that money for—I did not see the prisoner give my master anything—I did not see my master write anything—I happened to be at the door, and saw the money given—I was attending to other customers—I heard my master ask him where he should send it—I did not hear my master ask him any name, or say, "I see it is backed"—I do not know that Lockwood's is a sporting house—I know what sort of doors it has—by living about the neighbourhood so long, I know all the places.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You are a butcher's boy, and do not know the difference between a sporting man and another man? A. No—my

master has a desk inside his shop, and there is a window where the money is taken.





HENRY JOHN LOCKWOOD
. I keep a public house in Drury-lane—it is not frequented by members of the fancy—I do not know the prisoner by the name of Jenkinson or any other name—I did not expect a leg of mutton from him.





THOMAS DURRANT
. I am assistant to Messrs. Dobree and Tomlinson, pawnbrokers, in the Strand—I know the prisoner—I took in a gold watch and chain of him on 30th Jan., in the name of John Henry Smith—this is the duplicate of it—I advanced 7l. on the watch—I have taken two other pledges from him in the name of Lowder, St. Martin's-lane, one was a coat for 17s., and the other was four brooches for 18s., both on 31st Jan.—on Friday, 29th Feb., the prisoner came to our shop about a quarter past 6 o'clock in the evening, he came to redeem the gold watch and chain, the sum due for interest was 1s. 9d.—the whole I had to take was 7l. 1s. 9d., he laid down two sovereigns, two shillings, and 3d. in coppers, and said,"Give me sixpence"—he laid down this 5l. note (produced)—I looked at it, and intimated to him that I did not like its appearance—he said that he knew it to be good, as he received it from a highly respectable firm in Liverpool—that did not satisfy me—I said I should like to show it to one of the firm—I said that in pretence, and went out the back way to look for a policeman—I did not find one, I returned in about a quarter of an hour and the prisoner was goat—the 2l. 2s. 3d. was there, I had secured that, and I had not parted with the 5l. note—the prisoner left the watch, I had never offered it to him—he left the duplicate behind also—I never saw him again till he was in custody—I saw him on Saturday, 21st March—I was told he was in custody, I went to see if I knew him—I saw Mr. Sheave at the Magistrate's.

Cross-examined. Q. When was it the prisoner pawned the brooches and other things? A. On 31st Jan.—it was on 29th Feb. he came to take the watch out of pawn—he gave me a note and some loose money—I did not give him back the note into his hands; I never parted with the possession of it—the prisoner did not say he would go and bring gold—there were three or four other persons in the shop, serving at the counter—there was no one with the prisoner—I did not go out at the shop door at which he came in—I do not know whether any one was waiting at the door—I do not know a person of the name of Dyson—I had seen the prisoner before, I do not know whether he is a sporting character—I do not do anything in that way myself—I do not know Mr. Lockwood—I am quite sure I told the prisoner I would show the note to one of the firm—I will swear I said, "I wish to show it to one of the firm"—the duplicate was in my possession—I sent into the warehouse for the watch and chain—he had paid the money without, the watch being produced—that is the custom—when I went out of the shop the watch and the money he had paid were on the back counter, not where he could touch it—I think there was a person with him at the time he pawned the watch—I did not hear what name he called the man—I do not know that his name was Dyson.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. The only thing that was missing when you came back was the prisoner? A. Yes—Messrs. Dobree and Tomlinson have been open every day since—I never saw the prisoner come to bring gold or any thing else.





WILLIAM THOMAS
 (police sergeant, F 17). In consequence of information I apprehended the prisoner on 20th March, about 12 o'clock at night, in St. Martin's-lane—I told him I was a policeman and he must consider himself

in my custody for passing a forged 5l. note at Mr. Tomlinson's, in the Strand—after walking a few yards from the spot, he said, "Let me go back to my friends"—I did not let him go back—I called Boucher to assist me, and took the prisoner to the station, I searched him, and found two 10l. notes, two 5l. notes, 17s., and one 1/2 d., some memorandums and four knives—the two 10l. notes were good, and one of the 5l. notes—this is one of the 5l. notes I found in his possession—I marked the whole of them directly—I asked him his name, he told me Joseph Hartly, he refused to give any address—the notes were all in one roll in a small pocket book—when the charge was read over to him, he said, "If it was a bad note I did not know it, I took it at the races."

Cross-examined. Q. When was it you first received information of any note being passed? A. On 29th Feb., I think it was from the inspector—I did not know of Mr. Sheave's note at that time—I do not know a person named Dyson—I have a duplicate here, which was found on the prisoner, with the name of Dyson on it—I have inquired about a man, not of the name of Dyson, but of Fowler—I know now that Dyson and Fowler are the same person—in consequence of something the prisoner said before the magistrate I have been looking for Fowler, and have not found him—I know the office of Hartley and Brothers, No. 11, Poultry—I have not learned that Dyson was a partner in that firm—there was such a firm—there was several persons when I took the prisoner into custody—I did not see one who went away the moment I took him—I did not make inquiry to find whether the prisoner was in the Inland Revenue.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You found Hartley and Brothers at No. 11, Poultry? A. Yes—I found a card on the prisoner with that address—I went there, and found the place locked up—I forced the door, and when I got in then was nothing there—I do not know a person of the name of William Robertson—the prisoner was in company with several persons when I took him.





JOSEPH BOUCHER
 (policeman, F 62). I assisted the last witness to secure the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you there when the charge was read over to him? A. Yes—he said if the note was bad he did not know it, and lie left Mr. Tomlinson's shop to go out to get gold, he said, "I suspected there was something wrong; I went out to get gold; I intended to return in a few days"—Thomas had just left—after the prisoner said he took it at the races, Mr. Tomlinson's man said, "That is the man that left my shop," and the prisoner said, "I left to get gold"—Thomas had left at that moment—he was examining the note, and he took it into the inspector's room—there were seven or eight persons with the prisoner when he was taken—it was at the Coach and Horses, at the corner of St. Martin's-court—that is a house frequented by sporting characters—I do not know Robertson—I do not know Dyson or Fowler—I have made inquiries, and could not find a person of that name—I found a firm of Hartley Brothers, export merchants, in the Poultry—there were some knives found on the prisoner—Mr. Sheave ideitified him at Bow-street.

COURT. Q. Were there many prisoners there? A. Yes—he was in a room with a number of others—Mr. Sheave pointed him out, and said, "That It the man."

MR. CLARKSON
to
MR. SHEAVE. Q. Under what circumstances did you recognize him? A. He was brought out with several other prisoners—I picked him out from a number'of others.





ARTHUR ROWLATT
. I am inspector of Bank notes. These three notes

are all forgeries, and I should they are all from the seemed plats, certainly.

Cross-examined. Q. Are they very good forgeries? A. No, I think not—we have had much better forgeries—these are very inferior.
(William Hope, lately a provision dealer, at Manchester, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

