




1374. 




JAMES HURLEY
 and 




GEORGE CATTON
, 

robbery on 



Benjamin Beedle Collins, and stealing from his person, 1 watch, value 2l.; and beating and striking him.


MR. CAARTEEN
conducted the Prosecution.






BENJAMIN BEEDLE COLLINS
. I am an ironmonger, at 154, Shoreditch. I have nearly lost my sight, and can only see light—I am led about—on Monday, 28th April, between 4 and 5 o'clock in the afternoon I was in New Inn, Shoreditch, coming home, being led by a little girl—I felt a kick on my heel—I fell down, my hat fell off my head, and my spectacles and my stick out of my hand—I partly raised myself, when I was assisted by two men, one on the right, and one on the left—the one on roy right asked me if I was hurt—I said, "No"—the left one said, "Shall we see you home sir? do you live near here?"—I had got on my legs by that time—'I had a silver watch in my right hand waistcoat pocket, secured by an Albert guard through the button-hole—I told him I was not hurt, and said, "You have got my watch" and the one on my right ran away, followed by the other two—I missed my watch, but the guard remained in the button-hole with the handle of the watch to it—a fortnight after that I was at Worship-street Police-court, when there was another charge made against Hurley—I heard some one speak, and I heard a cough and a voice, and I recognised them as that of the first person who assisted me—when he coughed, I said, "That is the man who coughed that assisted me"—he had coughed at the time he lifted me up—I also knew the voice—I heard it more than once.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. How long have you been afflicted? A. Two years last Jan.—I had good eyesight before that—the little girl is eight years old—she is sensible for her age, and able to give evidence—she is not here—she was before the Magistrate, but was not examined—I went to the police-court in consequence of information I received from a policeman, a witness in this case—I was informed a certain person was going to be charged, and I went on purpose to ascertain if that was one of the persons who had assaulted me—I went to see if I could recognise the voice—Ellen Wheatman was in Court—the charge was assaulting her—Hurley was remanded on that charge, and I made my charge—I could not see whether Wheatman was then in Court, but I bad not heard her ordered out.





ELLEN WHEATMAN
. I am the wife of Thomas Wheatman, a bedstead-maker, of 22, Christopher-street. I have known Hurley sixteen months—he has visited in the house where I live—on 28th April, about 4 o'clock in the afternoon I was with him and another man and woman at a public-house at the corner of Crown-street—Hurley left the public-house—I followed in about ten minutes, and saw him alone on the other side of the road, and I went after him down New Inn-passage, or yard—I saw Mr. Collins in the act of being picked up, and Hurley was at his right side, and Catton who had joined Hurley, at his left—I saw Hurley put his hand into Mr. Collins's pocket, but I cannot say whether it was his watch pocket, or hit waistcoat pocket, and I saw Catton hold Mr. Collins's left arm while Hurley twisted the watch off—Mr. Collins put his hand to his pocket, said, "I am not hurt," and then said, "You have got my watch!"—Hurley ran away instantly, Catton after him, and another man who was there—about an hour afterwards I saw Hurley in Curtain-road, which is five minutes' walk from New Inn-passage—he said to me, "Was not that a daring robbery"—I said, "Yes it

was; he is a poor blind man, and you ought to be ashamed of yourselves"—I said that he had lost his watch, and Hurley said, "Yes; I sold it to big Mich in Petticoat-lane, for 16s.—I gave two of them 3s. 6d. each, and kept the remainder for myself"—I had known Catton six months—on 20th May, I went with a policeman to a beer-shop in Spitalfields, saw Catton outside, and as soon as he saw me coming he went inside—I went in, picked him out, and the officer took him—on 12th May Hurley assaulted me, and on 13th he was examined on that charge at Worship-street—after that examination this charge was made against him, and he was remanded for a week—I do not know whether the case of assault on me has been determined.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Was not he discharged in your case? A. The Magistrate said he would think of it; I took him there for stabbing and nearly throttling me—I do not know the two females or the male that were with us at the public-house; they were Hurley's acquaintances—we had one pot of fourpenny ale there—I am living with my husband, and have done so ten years—I have never been away from him—I do not know whether my husband knew I went and drank with Hurley—he was at work—my husband is very deaf—we had all been together three or four hours before we went to the public-house—we had been at one other public-house—we had no gin; we had two pots of half-and-half between the four of us there—I paid for some of it—I had drunk with Hurley before at my sister's, where I first became acquainted with him—I dare say I have drunk with him in other public-houses, when my husband has been there—I do not know that I ever drank with him in a public-house without my husband before this day—I may have been with him in other public-houses—I may have met him several times, when we were going the same road, and walked with him—I swear I have never lived with him—I did not say a word about this robbery for a fortnight, because he threatened he would cut my head open if I gave him a day's imprisonment—I saw him on the Saturday night after this robbery, and the policeman would not take him; and I saw him again in the Curtain-road, in the open street, where he threatened me; and I saw him a third time in Christopher-square, where he lives—I saw him in the Curtain-road within an hour after the robbery—when he told me, "Was not that a daring robbery?" he said, "If you was to split one word, I would either cut the front of your head in, or cut your throut"—he threatened me again on the Saturday, when he came and made a disturbance at my house—my husband was at work next door, and I went out with a neighbour to my adjoining lodger's—the third time he threatened roe was at the same place, at 12 o'clock at night, when my husband was at home—I complained to him, and he begged the prisoner to go away quietly; and on the Monday night he stabbed me—I know a person named Underwood, who lives in Long-alley—Hurley did not complain to me during the fortnight about him—he did not tell me he had heard I was a married woman; he knowed it, because my husband told him so—he did not say he should think no more of me, because he had ascertained I was married, and had seen me walking with Underwood—I have not walked with Underwood, further than being in a public-house with him once on 12th May, when he gave me 1s. 6d., and Hurley grasped me by the throat—I do not know big Mick; I have heard of him.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. How often have you seen Catton? A. Once or twice a week for six months; he was smoking in this beer-shop when he was apprehended—I never saw the prosecutor before this happened—I have seen him several times since, when we have been up at the office and here—I had been out the day this happened five or six hours, from half-past eleven

or twelve o'clock—I did not leave borne with Hurley; I met him in Longalley—we only had those four pots during the day—I did not say anything about this till 12th May, because I was frightened—on 12th May I told a policeman in Tabernacle-row—I had not then beard anything about the prosecutor, and I did not know where he lived—I knew he was blind, because after Hurley ran away I stopped a few minutes—I did not see Catton from 28th April till he was taken.

MR. HORRY. Q. Did you not say to Margaret Hurley and Mrs. Goodwin, that you were sorry for what you had done? A. I said I should be very sorry if he was transported; I should like him to have six or twelve months for what he had done, and I think he deserves it, for robbing the poor blind man.





BENJAMIN ROBERTS
 (policeman, G 1). I took Hurley on the night of 12th May, about half-past 2 o'clock in the morning—he was charged by the last witness with an assault upon her—there was a cut over her eye, which was bleeding, and there were marks of violence upon her throat—I took him to the police-court in the morning—he was there charged with the assault, and afterwards with this—I was present when Mr. Collins recognised the voice and cough; they were Hurley's.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Was not Wheatman's charge abandoned? A. No; the Magistrate remanded him—I told Mr. Collins to attend at the Court; that was in consequence of a communication from Wheatman—I know big Mick very well, but have not looked for him; I knew it was of no use.





GEORGB NEALE
 (policeman, G 204). On 20th May I went with Wheatman to a beer-shop in Spitalfields—she pointed out Catton, and I took him—she bad seen him go in first, and I went in and asked for George Catton—his roaster said, "That is him."

HURLEY—


GUILTY
.** Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.


CATTON—


GUILTY
. † Aged 20.—



Confined Nine Months.

