




343. 




DANIEL BUDD
 and 




JAMES HUGHES



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Mettam, and stealing 5 sovereigns, his moneys.


MR. CHARNOCK
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH METTAM
. I am the daughter of James Mettam, of the China Ship, Hermitage-street, in the parish of St. George-in-the-East. The prisoners had been several times to my father's house prior to 12th Dec.—On 12th Dec. they came accompanied by another person—Budd, and the other person who has escaped, came in first—it was about twelve o'clock in the day—I was in the bar—they said, "Good morning, Miss; how is your father?"—I said, "Not very well, he is not about"—they said it was very cold, and walked in, and stood at the entrance of the bar-parlour, which turns round to go up to the club-room, on the first floor—they went up, and I asked if they would like a fire—they said no, they were not going to stop; but they stopped, and I ordered the servant to light a fire—the bedroom is on the same floor, facing the club-room—the prisoners and the other man were all together when the conversation took place about lighting the fire—they went up-stairs together—my father was not about, he was in the bedroom—they came down about a quarter before three—my father was still up-stairs—they had several pints of ale, which I took up, as the servant was engaged—when they came down, they called for another pint of ale, and while they were standing at the bar it was proposed to meet there that day week—they left about three o'clock—after that, having answered the parlour-bell, I went in there, and saw Hughes sitting there, whom I had not seen come in; but there is a back-way to our house; the front-way is in one street, and the back-way in another, and going

in once or twice, I also saw the man who has escaped, sitting opposite Hughes—Budd came in in about half an hour, the front-way—he walked quickly by the bar, and said, "Good afternoon, Miss"—he went into the parlour, and called for a pint of porter, which I supplied—as I had taken in the porter, and got the money, my father was coming down-stairs—the parlour-door was open—the persons in the parlour could see him come down—the parlour-door opens in the passage, opposite the bar—some time after, I went up-stairs to see whether the club-room fire was alight, and as I came down I saw Budd and the one who has escaped, walk up the passage as if they had come from the parlour-door—Hughes came out of the parlour, and they all three went up-stairs, saying, "We may as well go up, and have another game"—(they had been playing from twelve till three at the bagatelle-board)—immediately after they had gone up, Hughes came down, and asked for a glass of brandy-and-water—I said I would bring it up—he said, "Oh no, I will take it up"—I let him take it up—that was just before five o'clock—my father keeps a desk in his bedroom—I had been there that morning, about half-past eleven, for a check—the desk was locked; my father gave me the key to open it—I opened it, locked it again, and gave the key to my father—I did not take out any sovereigns—my attention was not called to the cash.





ELIZA BARBER
. I am servant to Mr. Mettam. On 12th Dec., about five o'clock, I heard a noise, which I thought was my master's bedroom-door opening or shutting—I went up, and saw Hughes standing at the club-room door with a glass in his hand, looking towards the bedroom-door—I came down, and told my mistress.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. You did not see the bed-room door? A. No.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Did you see the club-room door? A. I could see it was wide open—it is opposite the stairs—the bed-room door turns to the left—I was about half-way on the stairs, standing so as to see the club-room door, not the bed-room; I could not see that without going further up—the club-room door was behind Hughes's back.





SOPHIA METTAM
. I am the wife of James Mettam. On receiving a communication from Barber, I proceeded up-stairs, about five o'clock, and saw Hughes on the landing—he handed me a glass, and wished me to get it filled—I went down two or three steps out of sight, and, not hearing the footsteps of Hughes going into the club-room, I went back, and saw Budd in my bedroom, and Hughes in the act of going in—he was not where he was when I took the glass from him, he was nearer the bed-room door; his face was towards the bed-room; he was close to it, and the bed-room door was open—I was terrified, and went down-stairs—both the prisoners rushed after me down-stairs—there was another one, but I did not see him when I went up; he was in the bagatelle-room—he rushed down with the others, and escaped—when they rushed down, I seized Budd till assistance came—Hughes was standing very near Budd; they were both in the passage—Budd gave a snatch or two to get out of my grasp—I said, "This man has been in my bed-room"—Budd said, "Oh dear, Madam, you are mistaken!"—my husband then came up.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. It was dusk? A. Yes; we have no gas-light on the stairs, but there is gas at the bottom—I was about three steps from the upper landing when I saw Budd in the bed-room—he had the bed-room door in his hand—he was in the room—he immediately came down, and Hughes too—Hughes did not ask me why I did not get him his brandy and water—the third man was playing bagatelle in the club-room—Budd and

Hughes came down first, and the third man must have come out of the room and followed them—I heard the balls goings when I was on the stairs—there was nobody in the club-room except the third man, the balls must have been set going by him—he then rushed past me, and mysteriously escaped—he did not at once escape, I saw him afterwards up-stairs—I cannot say whether he rushed up again while I had hold of Budd—I was alarmed.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. At the time you took hold of Budd, Hughes stood by? A. They both came down together—when I got to the bottom of the stairs I gave the alarm about a man being in my bed-room—the prisoners both rushed past me on the stairs—Hughes stood by, a minute or two before any of the company came to my assistance—some persons in the passage came to my assistance—Hughes did not go away when I had hold of Budd—the doors were fastened, in consequence of the alarm.





JAMES METTAM
. I am landlord of the China Ship. On 12th Dec. I was in bed till about four o'clock—I had in my bed-room a desk—the key was in my pocket—I had eight sovereigns in it—I saw them safe about twelve o'clock the day before—in the mean time I had only parted with the key to my daughter—after she had been to the desk she gave me the key again—when I got up I went to the desk, and took a small box, containing cash and notes, down in my hand—there was no money in the desk but eight sovereigns, which were together in a small hole in the desk—I left my room door shut, but not locked—I went into my cellar in about twenty minutes, and I heard my wife and daughter call—I came up as soon as I could—I found my wife contending with Budd—my pot-man had hold of Hughes—my wife was charging Budd with being in the bed-room—I said, "Gentlemen, what have you been in my bed-room for? walk into the parlour, and let me go and see if I have lost anything"—they said, "Let us go"—I said, "Shut the doors, lock and bolt them, and don't let them go!"—I went to my bed-room, found my desk unlocked, and missed five sovereigns out of the eight from the pigeon-hole—when I returned, and said I had lost some money, and should detain them, and send for a policeman, they said, "We will fetch a policeman ourselves"—I said, "Gentlemen, I have done that already"—there was very great scuffling and fighting with them, with Budd in particular—there were many blows struck, and a great deal of fighting—I heard the noise of glass breaking—Budd caught the action of our eyes, and ran up-stairs—we ran after him to the club-room, and he was jumping out of the window—he got out, and was brought in again by the policeman—when we came down, the third man was gone—Hughes was there—they could not get out of the parlour door.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. Budd was brought back immediately? A. Yes—when I got up at four o'clock, I went to get my cash-box—I did not see my sovereigns then—I had not given change for any check or note the day before—I gave a 5l. note for some silver—five sovereigns were brought down first, and I took them up again—the sovereigns had been in the desk very likely a fortnight—my daughter is not in the habit of going and getting change for me without my knowledge—sometimes they send a check in, and I send her to get money; not my wife—I mean to swear, that on the day before, when my daughter brought down five sovereigns and I took them up again, I counted the whole eight sovereigns; I took them in my hand—my daughter did not ask me for the key, she took it out of my trowsers' pocket—I recollect locking the desk when I went down that day.





JOHN WARREN
. I was pot-boy to Mr. Mettam; I was there on 12th Dec. I heard Mrs. Mettam call out—I ran up to the bar, and she had got hold of Budd by the collar—Hughes said, "It is all right, let us go"—Mr

Mettam came up and said, "Go into the parlour"—the doors were bolted directly—Budd unbolted the top bolt of one door but not the other—he laid hold of me and lifted me up, and I picked up a skeleton-key—I was then down, and Budd on the top of me—there is a door in the passage with panes of glass in it—I heard a noise which I thought was the glass breaking, and found under me this bunch of skeleton-keys, in the spot where Budd and I had been; and I picked up this piece of candle.





THOMAS KELLY
 (police-sergeant, H 2). I was at the station on 12th Dec., when the prisoners were brought there—I told Budd he was charged with stealing money from the desk in Mr. Mettam's bed-room—he said it was false, he was an honest hardworking man—I asked where he lived—he said, "I shan't tell you"—I asked Hughes; he said his wife was in the family-way, and he was afraid his telling me would frighten her—I received these keys—these two locked and unlocked the desk in the bed-room.

BUDD—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.—

HUGHES—


GUILTY
. Aged 48.—





Transported for Ten Years.

