




717. 




ALEXANDER JACKSON
 and 




ROBERT SMITH



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



John Grant, at 
All Hallows, London Wall, with intent to steal.


MESSRS. PARRY
and
RIBTON
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS NEAVE
. I am shopman to Mr. John Grant, of No. 70, London wall, pawnbroker; I sleep in the shop. On Monday, 16th May, I was awoke by a noise—I heard the side door which leads into the passage open; it makes a noise when opening—I noticed a glare of light from a lantern or candle—I immediately jumped out of bed, went, into the back shop, looked through the window, and saw the prisoner, Jackson making his way on the top of the water closet—I heard a noise of more than one person calling out "Jackson," from the house top—I went to the door of the next house, and met three men coming out of Carpenter's Hall gates—there was a policeman within twenty yards, and I called his attention to them—they went to the policeman and passed him, one on one side, and the other on the other—on looking over the premises I found two hats and some tools, one of the hats has been tried on Jackson, and it fits him (the hat was here produced, and tried on Jackson)—I found the shutters on the first floor had been opened with a centre bit—they are bound with iron, and have bars at well—the wood work was riddled—the lead work of the plate room had been pulled up, that is where we keep valuable plate—there was a great quantity there—I found a chisel left by the burglars—it fitted the mark under the lead—I have tried it—they got in at the second floor window—they must have got on one another's backs—the window shutters of the first floor were very much strained—a centre bit would have done what I observed—I saw Jackson again at the station house on the Monday following—this occurred on the 16th, Whit Monday—I have no doubt that that is the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. If I understoodyourightly, you were asleep first, and were awoke by a noise? A. Yes; hearing a door creak, and then there came a glare of light into the shop—it is about a yard and a half across from the house to the water closet across the yard—I saw Jackson making his escape over to the right towards Messrs. Waterlow's house, they rent the next door—that was all the opportunity I had of seeing him—the men had caps on to the best of my belief—the window in the shop is plain glass, it had been cleaned about a week before.

MR. RIBTON. Q. Had you a full opportunity of seeing him on the water closet? A. I have no doubt about it—Messrs. Waterlow rent the Carpenter's Hall premises; it is a printer's, I believe—it is next door to our house—when I went out into the street I saw the three men coming from the same passage that leads from Carpenter's Hall—the man on the water closet could have got to that passage—I heard a noise of other people in the house—I know they got out at the second floor window, because there was no other open.





WILLIAM OAKLEY
. I live at No. 18, Wilson-street, Finsbury. I was in

the police—Saddlers'-place, London Wall, is about forty yards from the premises of Mr. John Grunt, in the same street, opposite the Circus. On 16th May, at 4 o'clock, I was coming down Saddlers'-place, and perceived three men; the two at the bar were among them, and one made his escape to the Circus—they were coming from a few yards this side of Mr. Grant's, from the direction of Carpenter's Hall—I saw the prosecutor behind me—when he perceived me, he called out, "Police, stop thief"—as I advanced they separated; one man struck off to the Circus—I could not perceive which it was—the others passed one on each side of me—Smith went on my right hand, and the other on my left—they went towards Bell-alley—I sprang my rattle, followed them to Bell-alley, and lost sight of them—I met another policeman, and gave information to him—I can only swear to Smith—when I saw them, two out of the three had no hats on.





THOMAS CHAMBERS
 (City policeman, 453). I was on duty on 16th May, in Prince's-street, near the Bank, about 4 o'clock in the morning—I saw the tallest of the prisoners coming from Moorgate-street, going towards London Bridge—I could not see from Prince's-street, whether he was coming from London Wall, as it turned a corner—I think it is nearly a quarter of a mile—it would take live minutes to walk quick—there were two together, neither had hats—the one in advance was shorter than Jackson—I asked Jackson where their hats were? he told me they had had a spree at 12 o'clock the overnight, and lost them—I asked him where they had been since? he told me they had been on the spree all night, and were going to work then—they appeared in a hurry, walked very quick, and turned down St. Swithin's-lane.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You had not seen anything of the witness Oakley, had you? A. No; I am not the person he spoke to—they had no caps on.





ALFRED GREEN
 (City policeman, 376). On Friday, 20th May, I received a written description from Neave, and went to No. 1, Garden-court, I found Jackson there, and took him into custody—I had a reason for not apprehending him before—I left Jackson in charge of Webb, and went to No. 8, King's Head-court, Fetter-lane, and apprehended Smith—I took them to Moor-lane station house, told them they were charged with breaking into Mr. Grant's, of London Wall, and likewise asked them if they could account to me for where they Were on Whit Monday morning, at 4 o'clock—I told them they need not answer the question—Smith refused to give an account—Jackson said he went to bed between 12 o'clock and 1 o'clock on Sunday night, and got up at 8 o'clock next morning.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you give evidence before the Magistrate? A. I did not.





JOHN FOSTER
. I live in Whitecross-street. I had the misfortune to be in prison in Guildhall—I was remanded till Wednesday, and then to Friday, and I paid ten shillings fine—I saw the two prisoners there in the cell—one or two of the police came down and called them out of the cell, and tried a hat on both their heads, but neither of the hats fitted—I was brought out as well—then we came back again into the cell, and one said, "Well, it is up with us now, but we don't care so long as the other one keeps away"—Smith mid, "I expect we shall get twelve months, but if the other gets taken, we shall be transported"—a young woman came and talked down through the bars; they told her to make haste, and go and tell the one they called William Jones, to keep away in the country—that is the man the hat belongs to—they said they had gut into the place, and Smith made a stumble going up

stairs—they quarrelled in the cell because they had not done it right—Jackson blamed Smith because he made a stumble—Jackson said it was all his fault, or else it would not have been found out—they said that when the alarm was made they ran away, and two of them kept together—Jackson was blaming Smith for making a noise, and then they quarrelled—then they began talking about which way they ran, and Jackson said if they had made the lob, it would have been 200l. or 300l.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How many robberies have you committed? A. I do not know—I was sent there from Wednesday to Friday for pledging a pair of boots which were given me to make—my shop time is 8o'clock in the evening, and I was too late—I took them to pawn next morning—Mr. Molyneux had questioned me when I was remanded, and I told him the first morning we were in the Guildhall, what had happened in the cell—I have not been examined about this before a Magistrate—these men said all these things openly before me in the cell—I was alone with them all that time—this is the first time I have been here—I was summoned this morning.

MR. RIBTON. Q. You told the policeman Molyneux? A. He questioned me when he had me in charge—I told him this conversation the same morning it took place.

Smith's Defence I came back to the cell, and as to the 300l. lob, I never heard anything of it before.

JACKSON—


GUILTY
†. Aged 20.

SMITH—


GUILTY
†.—Aged 19.





Transported for Seven Years.

