



1506. 




WILLIAM COLLINS



, feloniously cutting and wounding 



Elizabeth Collins, with intent to maim and disable her.


MR. COOPER
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH COLLINS
. I am the prisoner's wife—we live at 8, Praed-street, Paddington. On 29th June, my husband was at home with me at half-past six o'clock in the evening—he had been tipsy all the week, and I with him, and for a month before that—he did not use insulting language to me; I did to him—I flung a spoon at him, into the dirty ashes, and almost blinded him, and I hit him, and tore his shirt off; I went into the passage and screamed "Murder!" before anything was done to me—on that, I ran in again, and he was beating the table, and I caught hold of him, and tore the front of his shirt

off and beat his face—it was all my fault—he was always very kind to me—my arm was never broken, I could comb out my hair two days afterwards—my husband did not hit me a blow—I dragged him off the bed, and called him very bad names, and aggravated him, but he never came home with the intention of ill-using me—it was putting my arms to save two pieces of mahogany, which he was striking, that hurt my arm—he was breaking the mangle, and I got before him to prevent it.

COURT. Q. Were you examined before a Magistrate? A. I went, but I was tipsy; I have been so the whole time I have been here—I cannot remember what I said—I went to the hospital because I fancied my arm was broken.





FELIX WHITE
. I am a grocer, of 10, Praed-street. I heard a woman scream out "Murder!" three or four times—I went to the area of No. 8—there was a great row—the prosecutrix came towards the window, the prisoner followed, and struck her over the arm with this piece of mahogany (the leaf of a table)—she had her arms up to save herself, with the bed-clothes wrapped round her—she appeared to me to be nearly naked.





THOMAS WILKINS
 (policeman, D 117). I was in Praed-street, and heard a cry of "Murder!" two or three times from No. 8—I went down-stairs, and pushed the door open, and saw the prosecutrix on the bed, and the prisoner over her—I heard something fall—there was a little light between the shutters, which were shut, and the ceiling—the prosecutrix said, "Policeman, I will give him in charge, or I shall be murdered"—I hesitated a moment, and she said, "If you do not take him in charge, I will take your number"—the prisoner said, "D—n my eyes, I will finish you"—he up with this piece of wood (the leg of a table,) and was in the act of striking her—I knocked it out of his hand with my staff—her arms were all over blood—she was quite sober, and also at the police-office—she told me she had not been drinking anything for three days—she was pretty quiet.

Cross-examined by
MR. COCKLE. Q. Did you look about the room? A. Yes; and found this great piece of wood (the beam of a mangle) with blood on it—the prisoner was quite sober—he spoke as reasonably as ever I heard a man speak in my life.





SAMUEL DOBELL
 (policeman D 147). I was called, and found this piece of a table, with blood on it, by the bed—I took Mrs. Collins to the station,—she was quite sober, but trembling with fright.

Cross-examined. Q. How was the prisoner? A. He was sober, for anything I know—he was excited by being in the row.






JOSEPH HOLMES BUXTON
. I am resident surgeon at the Western Dispensary. I examined Mrs. Collins—both her arms were bruised—one bone of her left arm was broken, and the skin was broken in several places—this piece of a table would have done the injury.

MR. COCKLE
called






GEORGE JENKINS
. I am a house decorator, of 28, Duke-street. I have known the prisoner and his wife four or five years—I never knew him beat her.

Cross-examined. Q. When were you in the habit of seeing him? A. Every day; they lodged with me two years ago, but I was obliged to get rid of them, because she was always kicking up a disturbance, and quarrelling—I have often seen them since they left—I have been to their house once—I have known them to be fighting, but I never got out of bed to stop them.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.

