



621. 




JOHN WHALEN



, feloniously stabbing and wounding 



Charles Edward Harford, with intent to resist and prevent his lawful apprehension and detainer.—2nd COUNT, to do grievous bodily harm.


MR. PLATT
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE MASTERS
 (policeman, D 121). About two o'clock in the morning of the 13th May I was standing at the corner of Tichbourne-street—sergeant Harford was near me—I saw the prisoner and another man turn the corner from out of Cambridge-square—I did not see from what place they came—they passed to the opposite side of the street—Harford came up, and he and I went over to them and stopped them—Harford asked them what they had been doing at that doorway in the square—they said, "We have been at no doorway—Harford said", "You have"—I saw the prisoner put his hand in the breast of his coat—Harford asked him what he had there—the prisoner took a step back—I saw something white in his hand in the air—he appeared to strike Harford, and he was knocked down—he also struck at me, but missed me—he then ran away—the other man ran away directly Harford was struck—when Harford got up we sprang our rattles, snd a short distance off I found the prisoner in the custody of Dunlap, almost momentarily—I ran after the other man, but he got away—I then returned, and saw the prisoner and Dunlap struggling violently on the ground—I saw him assault Dunlap by kicking him three or four times on the legs—he was secured—Harford came back after me—he was bleeding on the left side—he had a wound on the head—I afterwards saw Harford go out into the road and pick up this instrument (produced), it is elastic—one end of it is loaded with lead—it is covered with white leather—it is very heavy.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN
Q. How far had they gone from Cambridge-square when you and Harford came up? A. About ten or fifteen yards—I had not seen them in the square at all—when Harford came up, he came behind them—they stopped, and when Harford spoke to them we were facing them—he did not lay hold of the prisoner or the other, nor did I—I believe the prisoner wore the coat he has on now—I do not think it was buttoned—when Harford said, "What have you got there?" he put his hand towards him—whether he touched him I could not say—I had not hold of the prisoner before he ran away—it was a drizzly wet night—I bad never seen the prisoner before to my knowledge.


COURT. Q. When they ran away, in what direction did the prisoner run? A. Towards the Edgware-road—the place where I found him struggling with Dunlap was in that direction, and about thirty yards off.





ROBERT DUNLAP
 (policeman, D 133). About 2 o'clock in the morning in question I was in Oxford-terrace, which is close by Cambridge-square—I heard a rattle spring—I saw the prisoner and another man running along Oxford-terrace—I saw him come from Porchester-street—Titchbourne-street runs into Upper Porchester-street, and from there, to go in the direction of Edgeware-road, you have to turn to the right along Ox ford-terrace, where I saw the prisoner and the other man; I drew my staff—I met the other man, he struck me, and I fell, and he got away—the prisoner had this instrument in his hand in a raised position at the time he was running—I had my staff out previously to seeing that—as he passed me he struck at me, and I caught the blow on my staff, and parried with my staff at the same time—I struck him on the head—this instrument flew out of his hand into the road, and he fell—I took hold of him, and we had a violent struggle together—I was at last enabled to spring my rattle—Masters came up to my assistance, and the prisoner was taken.

COURT. Q. Did you show Harford the place where the instrument fell? A. I did, and I saw him pick it up—Harford was without his hat, and his face was covered with blood, and also his cape—the prisoner was very violent all the way to the station—I asked him, "Why were you running?"—he said, "I heard a row, and was running away from it."





CHARLES EDWARD HARFORD
 (police-sergeant, D 382). About 2 o'clock in the morning I was passing the east end of Cambridge-square, and saw the prisoner and another man come from a doorway in the square—they came towards me, and turned into Upper Porchester-street—I and Masters followed them, and they were stopped—I asked the prisoner what he was doing in the doorway in the square at that hour in the morning—he said he was not in the doorway—I said, "You were there, I saw you"—he then put his right hand inside the left side of his coat, and held his coat with his left hand—I said, "What have you got there?"—I put my hand towards him, and was immediately knocked to the ground—I could not see what it was done with—it was done instantly—here is the wound—theblow was on the side of the temple—I was confined to my bed for a week, and was attended by a surgeon—when I recovered myself I saw two men on Oxford-terrace—I was bleeding very much indeed—Masters sprang his rattle, and very shortly after I saw the prisoner in the custody of Dunlap—I ran after the other man, and when I came back Dunlap pointed out this instrument lying in the road—it was close by where the prisoner was—there is a mark of blood upon it.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you lay hold of him at all when you came up? A. No; I did not put my hand on the breast of his coat; not at all, only at first, when I came up—that was before he struck me—that was not to apprehend him—I was not going to apprehend him, merely to know his business at that time in the morning.





GEORGE WILSON
. I am a surgeon, living with Mr. Vickers, in Baker-street. I was called to attend Harford—I found him suffering from a wound just over the temple—it was a contused, lacerated wound—the skin was broken and destroyed—such an instrument as this would produce it—it must have been done with great violence, because the skin was destroyed, and sloughed away—erysipelas came on for two or three days.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.



Before Mr. Justice Coleridge.

