



440. 





MARY ANN DEVEY



, stealing 1 box, value 4d., 4 10l. bank-notes, and two sovereigns; the property of 



Theophilus Benton, in his dwelling-house.


MR. BRIARLY
conducted the Prosecution.






THEOPHILUS BENTON
. I live at 14, Pearson-street, in the parish of Shoreditch. The prisoner was my servant, and left about a week before Christmas, saying she had broken her arm; but I have found out that that was not the case—on 17th Jan., about twelve o'clock, she came to see the children, and left between five and six—next morning my man brought in from my chopping-house a box which had contained my money—I immediately missed the box, which I had seen safe six weeks before, containing four 10l.-notes and two sovereigns—we found the prisoner that evening at home, in Sidney-street, Commercial-road, where her mother and sister lived—the officer went in first in plain clothes, and let me in—I said, "Ann, you have robbed me"—she said, "Me! I have not done such a thing"—I told the officer to search—she said to him, "Officer, can I speak to my master?"—h said, "You can if I am present"—she said, "I hope you will not hurt me if I give you up the money?"—I said, "I will be as lenient as I can to you with the Court"—she gave me ten sovereigns and 15s.—I gave it to the officer—I saw him search the cupboard—the prisoner and her sisters were all huddled together round the cupboard—I searched the cupboard, and found in it these two 10l.-notes (produced) which I identified, having told the officer the numbers of them before—the box had been kept in another in my bedroom, which I found still locked—somebody must have unlocked it and locked it again.

Prisoner. My master said if I told the truth he would forgive me, and I did tell him the truth. Witness. I did not promise to forgive her; I said it was out of my power.





THOMAS ZINZAN
 (policeman, N 67). I went with Mr. Benton to Sidney-street, and found the prisoner and two sisters, her mother and brother—I went under an assumed character, saying I had come from the gentleman who knocked her down about the surgeon's bill, and the prisoner came out from a dark passage—I then said I was a policeman, and had come to apprehend

her for robbing her late master—I then let Mr. Benton in—when the search was half over, the prisoner said, "May I speak to ray master?"—I said, "Yes, but you are a prisoner, and I must hear it"—she said, "Master, will you forgive me if I give you all the money I have got?"—he said, "I can't now, you are in the hands of the police, but I will be as lenient as I can before the Court"—she gave him ten sovereigns and 15s.—I did not feel satisfied, and was pretending to search, but was really looking to see what they were doing—I saw a hand move, as if throwing something towards the fire, or into the cupboard—I sent the prosecutor to the cupboard while I kept the females back, and he picked up a bit of paper, in which was these two 10l.-notes—I had previously searched every corner of the cupboard—I found blankets, shoes, and stockings, all new; also some articles which had been taken out of pledge.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

(The prosecutor stated that she had been robbing him for four or five months, to the extent of 60l.)
