



994. 




HENRY HUTCHINS



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Zachariah Dockrill, at 

West Ham, and stealing 32 sovereigns, his moneys.






WILLIAM DOCKRILL
. I live with my father, Zachariah Dockrill, at Plaistow—it is his dwelling-house, and is in the parish of West Ham—on 31st March I had two boxes under my bed, in one of which there were thirty sovereigns, and two in the other—they were both locked—on 6th April I went to the boxes and the sovereigns were all gone—one box had the lock broken, and the other the hinge.





ANN GROUT
. On 3rd April the key of Mr. Dockrill's house was left with me—the prisoner, who I knew before, came that day and told me that his sister Jane had sent him for the key—I knew she was in the habit of having it—Mr. Dockrill is her father-in-law—I gave him the key; he had it, I should say, quite a quarter of an hour—my place is twenty or thirty yards from Mr. Dockrill's—he brought me back the key—he had had the key before, but not lately.





ROBERT DAVEY
. On the afternoon of 3rd April, I saw the prisoner come out of Mr. Dockrill's house—he had nothing with him, apparently—I knew him before: he worked for me, two years ago.





JOSEPH PUDDIFORD
 (policeman, K 276). On Wednesday, 10th April, I apprehended the prisoner at Chatham—I said I should take him to town, on suspicion of stealing thirty sovereigns—I did not tell him where—he said, "Oh, very well"—I asked when he came to Chatham—he said on the Friday.






MORRIS GOODMAN
. I am a slopseller at Chatham. On 6th April, the prisoner and two other persons came to my shop, and I sold the prisoner a pair of cord trowsers for 5s.—he pulled out some silver, and I daresay seven or eight sovereigns—I saw them in his hand—thinking something was wrong, I sent for a constable, and he was taken.





JOHN WILSON
. I am porter of the West Ham Union—the prisoner was admitted as a pauper there on 22nd Nov., 1849, and discharged on 26th Dec.—he was re-admitted on 7th Jan., and discharged on 2nd Feb.—I do not know anything of him after that.

Prisoner's Defence. I worked hard for the money.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Russell Gurney, Esq.

