



541. 




WILLIAM DANIELS



, feloniously forging and littering a receipt for 5l.; with intent to defraud 



Thomas Fuller.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS FULLER
. I am a sharebroker. I had a partner, but have not now—I had no partner on 12th Dec.—on 10th Dec. I received this letter (looking at it)—in answer to it I wrote so much of this letter (looking at another) as is subscribed "Fuller and Co."—in reply to that I received this other letter (looking at it)—in consequence of that I went on 12th Dec. to the Old Bell, in Holborn—I saw Mr. Bunyer, the landlord, and tendered him a check for 50l.—he refused to take it—I returned to my office and sent my clerk, Charles Grinter, with 50l. in cash; in return for that he brought me this document (looking at it)—I did not receive this letter of my own with the receipt subscribed as it is now—I never received it directly from the landlord myself—I believe one of the officers received it—it was left in the hand of Mr. Bunyer—I believe I saw it two or three days afterwards—the assignment and transfer I sold to a mining sharebroker—it afterwards turned out a forgery—I replaced a genuine share at the time, so that by these means I have lost 50l.—there was a duplicate of the paper—they were both handed to Mr. Jones.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT JONES. Q. When did you last have a partner? A. I think it was last Oct.—it was some time after that we got the dissolution advertized—I had no partner in Dec.—I carry on business in the name of Fuller and Co.—there is no one but myself.





CHARLES GRINTER
. I am clerk to Mr. Fuller. On 12th Dec, I took 50l. to the Old Bell, in Holborn—I gave it to Mr. Bunyer's daughter, in his presence—she wrote this memorandum by her father's desire, and handed it to me—I took it back to Mr. Fuller and gave it him, and also this other paper which I received from her.





WILLIAM BUNYER
. I am the landlord of the Old Bell, Holborn. The prisoner came to my house early in Dec.—he left his address, William Davey Boaxe, if any letters came for him—on 12th Dec, two papers similar to these were handed to me by the prisoner—he said he was to receive 50l. for them—this acknowledgment at the foot of this letter was written in my presence by the prisoner—I saw Mr. Fuller afterwards,

I think it must have been four or five days afterwards—some gentlemen came together—I afterwards received 50l. from Grinter—I desired my daughter to write the memorandum, and I saw her write it—I delivered to Grinter a paper similar to this to take to his master—on the same evening I saw the prisoner, or the evening afterwards, I paid the 50l. into his hands, and he wrote the receipt on this letter (looking at it) in my presence.

Cross-examined. Q. Am I to understand that you first saw the prisoner in the early part of Dec. A. Yes; I think I might see him for a week after he first came—he did not stay at my house; he called—I cannot say that I saw him every day—I saw him three times or more—I have not the least doubt he is the man.





WILLIAM DAVEY BOAXE
. I am a solicitor, and live at Liskard, in Cornwall. I at one time possessed a share in the Wheal Mary Anne Mine—I had it from the prisoner—I had disposed of that share I think two years before last Dec.—I am acquainted with the character of the prisoner's writing—this letter, dated 10th Dec., purporting to come from a Mr. Boaxe, is not my writing; I believe it is the prisoner's writing; I did not authorize him to write it in my name—it is offering the share for sale—this second letter agreeing to accept the 50l. is the same writing; it is not mine—I did not authorize the prisoner to take 50l. for a share—I was not at that time the owner of a share—this transfer bears the signature of William Davey Boaxe—it is not my writing—I did not authorize the prisoner or any one to sign it—it is an imitation of my writing—I cannot say whose it is—the body of this assignment is like the prisoner's writing—I believe this other letter, and this receipt to be the prisoner's writing.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know the prisoner's writing well? A. Yes; I have seen him write three or four times in the course of seven or eight years—I have seen him sign his name, and write various matters—his name is not to any of these documents—I employed him to write a valuation of a share as a broker, which he called himself—I saw him write it, and I saw what he had written—I have not the slightest doubt about this being his writing—I have known him eight or nine yean in Cornwall; never out of it—he was at one time the purser of a mine; the man who receives the money and keeps accounts—I had rather not say anything respecting his character—I have had business transactions with him some time ago—I lent him 120l. four or five years ago—I think he repaid roe 35l. in money—he also transferred the share that I have spoken of as a further reduction of the debt—I had to pay a call of 23l. due on it in which he deceived me—he did not make over to me a claim he had on the Plymouth and North Cornwall Railway for 180l., nor a claim on the North Cornwall for 132l.—he gave me a power of attorney to see the parties for those sums of money—I was to repay myself, and make over an account—he owes me more money, I believe—some proceedings have been taken In those matters—if the two sums were paid the balance due to the prisoner would depend on the amount of costs—I think it was in Oct. or Nov. he gave me the power of attorney—I did not tell him on receiving it the shares should be his again, and he might do what he liked with them; nothing of the kind—I had no share in my possession at that time—I have not had any share in a mine for two years—I have not received either of these sums—I have not taken proceedings to recover them—my agent was employed in the matter—I do not think he has received anything.






CHARLES THOMAS GAYLOR
 (City policeman, 346.) I took the prisoner on 3rd Jan., at 18, Little Knight Rider-street, Doctors'-commons.—I told him the charge—he said be knew nothing about it, and he was not in town at the time—Mr. Dennett, another broker, who was with me, told him the time—after his committal I took him to Newgate—going along, he said, as it regarded Mr. Kitto's affair, he knew nothing about it, and previous to this transaction he had not bad a stain against his character; and that he went to one of our men to give himself up, as he could not leave the country till he had made it known to Mr. Boaxe.

Cross-examined. Q. Was any one else present? A. No; I told Mr. Fuller of this a few days ago.
(Letters read)—"10th Dec. To Mr. Fuller. Sir,—I am the holder of a share in the Mary Ann Mine, in the parish of Liskard, in Cornwall, with which I presume you are acquainted, which I am disposed to part with my interest in. I will thank you to sell 105th share for me, if possible, to-morrow; the cash being wanted immediately. Please send me word if you can conclude the affair with me. If you require a reference, I am well known to some of the brokers, indeed, I believe to most of them, from my having been purser of the Haresfoot Mine, near Liskard. I presume you will be able to get 50l. or guineas for it. W. D. BOAXE."—"Dec. 11th, 1850. Sir,—Yours duly came to hand; and, in reply, beg to state, we will give you 50l. for one share in the Wheal Mary Ann Mine, and will dispose of it according to your instruction. An answer will oblige."—"Dec. 11th, 1850. To Messrs. Fuller and Co. Gentlemen,—I regret that I was out when your letter arrived to-day. I shall not be at this place to-morrow till late in the evening, having an engagement at Dartford. I will, however, accept your offer, and leave the transfer in the hands of Mr. Burger, the landlord. You can call any time to-morrow, and receive it, on paying him the money. I hope to give you a call before I go down to Liskard."—" I hereby empower Mr. William Bunyer, of the Old Bell, to deliver to Messrs. Fuller and Co. a transfer of 105th share in the Wheal Mary Ann Mine, on receiving 50l."—"Received 50l. appertaining to this transaction. WM. DAVEY BOAXE."

MR. BOAXE
re-examined. I was purser of the Haresfoot Mine—I have ceased to be so about one year.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.

