




1004. 




WILLIAM SALT HARDWICKE
 and 




HENRY ATTWELL



 feloniously forging and uttering an order for the payment of 410l. 7s. 4d. with intent to defraud.


MESSRS. BODKIN. and
SLEIGH. conducted the Prosecution.






AUGUSTUS BAILEY BUSHNELL
. I am a cashier at Messrs. Gosling's, the bankers, in Fleet-street. Mr. Alfred Turner, a solicitor, of Red Lion-square, keeps an account at our house—on 28th June last this cheque (produced)

was presented to me for payment—I paid it in eight 50l. notes, and the rest in cash—the numbers of the nates were 89958, 95701, and 96702, dated 8th, Nov., 1856; and 00640, dated 6th Feb., 1866; 02503 and 01021, doted 6th Feb.; 09165 and 98730, 8th Nov., 1855—I do not know who the person was that presented the cheque—while I was cashing it, I saw the prisoner Hard-wicke at the counter—he asked me if I knew where a Mr. Richards was to be found—I did not know, but he interrupted me in paying this cheque, and I desired him to wait until I had finished paying the cheque—he said he held a bill drawn on some other party, and he could only get at the acceptor, through Mr. Richards; that be understood the patty had returned from abroad, and he wished to know where Mr. Richards lived, in order that he might get at that party—I desired him to wait till after I had paid the cheque, and then I made inquiry where Mr. Richards was—a Mr. Owen Richards formerly kept an account at our house—Hardwicke gave the Christian name—Mr. Richards was known, but we did not know where he was—the greater part of this conversation occurred after I had paid the cheque—he spoke to me before I paid the cheque, then he waited, and then be interrupted me again.





MART MEEK
. I am the wife of George Meek, of No. 20, Nelson-square, Blackfriars-road. At the latter end of May last Hardwicke and his wife engaged lodgings at our house—they remained there from 28th May till he was taken into custody—I was present when the officer, Scott, searched the three rooms which they had occupied.





GEORGE SCOTT
. I am a detective officer of the City police. On 18th Sept. I searched Hardwicke's lodging, at No. 20, Nelson-square—Mrs. Meek pointed out the first floor back room to me, and in that room, among other things, I found this bill of exchange.—(This was a bill for 28l. odd, dated Feb. 23, 1848, drawn by Owen Richards, on G. W. Whitaker, solicitor, No. 5 Heathcote'Street, Mecklenburgh-square.)





AUGUSTUS BAILEY BUSHNELL
. re-examined. To the best of my belief, this is Owen Richards' writing—I believe it is a genuine bill.





ALFRED TURNER
. I am a solicitor, in Red lion-square. In June last I kept an account with Gosling and Co.—the signature to this cheque is not mine—uo part of it was written with my knowledge or authority—it was not drawn in my office—the signature is very much as if it had been traced from mine; it is not strong enough for mine—I should say the filling up is an imitation of the writing of my clerk, Mr. Wilson—he generally fills up my business cheques—early in March this year I lost a leather case—I think it is possible that there might have been one or two blank forms of cheques in it; there was also a confidential letter from a client at Oxford addressed to me, and the case had my name and address on it—I have no doubt there might have been one blank cheque in the case; I think I can state there was one—I know Attwell as the person who represented himself as Hunter, when I signed a cheque for 103l.—before that I had no knowledge of him.

Cross-examined by
MR. SERJEANT BALLANTINE. (for Hardwicke). Q. How are you able to say that there was a cheque in your pocket book when you lost it? A. Because I had taken out two cheques, for the purpose of some private business; I recollect there being one.

Cross-examined by
MR. DICKIE. (for Attwell). Q. Do you distinctly recollect the circumstance of Attwell calling on you? A. Perhaps I might mention that, when the first demand was made for the 38l., I happened to be in the office, when a person called, and paid it in gold, and I took the money and handed it over to Mr. Wilson—I do not see that person here—it was a

genteel-looking young man—I am quite positive of Attwell, and I will tell you why; when the second debt was called for, I was coming into the office just as the person who called himself Hunter was coming out, and I went back into the office with him, and signed the cheque, and Mr. Wilsen gave it him; therefore I am positive of his identity.





ROBERT WILSON
. I am managing clerk to Mr. Turner. In April last Attwell called, and instructed me to make application for the payment of an I O U—he said his name was Hunter, and he resided in Pakenham-street, Gray's-inn-road—he instructed me to write to a Mr. Hesp, No. 58, Charrington-street, Oakley-square—he handed me an I O U for 38l. 18s. 6d.—he was a stranger to me, and I asked him if he knew Mr. Turner, or who had recommended him there—he said Mr. Turner had done business for him before—upon that I wrote for the payment, and soon afterwards the amount of 38l. 18s. 6d. was paid into the office; it was received by Mr. Turner, and I subsequently sent the I O U by post—a day or two after the receipt of the money Attwell called at the office, and I paid him the 38l., in bank notes and gold—on 19th June Attwell called again—he then gave me instructions to write to a Mr. Hart, No. 6, Milton-street, Euston-square, for the payment, on an I O U, of a sum of 103l. 15s. 6d.—in accordance with his instructions, I wrote to that address, and within a day or two the amount was paid, by a 50l. note, and the rest in gold—I paid it into Gosling's, to Mr. Turner's account—on 24th June Attwell applied to know whether the money had been recovered—I told him that it had, and filled up this cheque (produced), procured Mr. Turner's signature to it, and handed it to Attwell—he signed this receipt for it—on 26th Sept I went to Yarmouth, and there saw Attwell in custody—I immediately identified him.

Cross-examined by
MR. DICKIE. Q. Are you quite sure that Attwell called himself Hunter? A. Quite—he did not say that he represented Mr. Hunter, or that he was acting for Mr. Hunter—I am quite sore of that.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Is that the receipt which he signed in your presence? A. Yes, it is signed, "H. Hunter"—I saw him sign that.





JOHN REES
. I now live at No. 3, Brownlow-place, Queen's-road, Dalston. In April, May, and June last, I lived at No. 10, Pakenham-street, Gray's-inn-road—during those three months no person named Hunter lodged in that house—Attwell did not live there—I never saw him, to my knowledge, until he was in custody.





ELIZABETH SHOEBROOK
. I live at No. 58, Charrington-street, Oakley-square. On Tuesday, 1st April, a gentleman called at my place and engaged a front parlour; he gave the name of Hesp—he paid me a deposit of 2s—he was to pay 6s. a week—he said he was going out of town till Thursday, and should his luggage come and any letters would I take them in for him—two letters came—on Thursday he knocked at the door, and asked if any letters had come—he walked into the back parlour, took the two letters, and walked off in a moment, and I never saw him from that time to this.





ELIZA BREWER
. In June last I lived at No. 6, Milton-street, Euston-square. In that month a person called, and hired a front parlour—he gave the name of Hart—a letter came for him on the Tuesday evening—he called on the Wednesday morning, and I gave him the letter—another letter came on the Friday, which he called for on the Saturday morning, and I never saw him afterwards—he never slept in the room or occupied it.





EDWARD PAYNE
. I am a clerk in the house of Gosling and Co., bankars.

On 21st Jane, 202l. 13s. 4d. was paid in to the credit of Mr. Alfred Turner's account—one of the items of that account wag a 50l. Bank of Eogland note, No. 95320, dated 8th Nov.—there were some drafts, and 54l. in gold.





HENRY HOLMAN SMITH
. I am a clerk in the issue department of the Bank of England. This 50l. note, No. 95320, was issued on 21st June; gold was given for it—the name of "Harding, No. 48, High-street, Bow," was given by the person to whom it was issued.





JOHN MOSS
. I am a detective officer of the City. I have been to High-street, Bow, to look for a Mr. Harding—there is no No. 48—I could not find any such person.





ROBERT WILSON
. re-examined. When the last debt was paid, a 50l. note formed part of it—I did not take the number of it, but I can recognise this as the note; I wrote on it, "Hart, 21-6-56," meaning 21st June, 1856—I paid it into Gosling's.





AUGUSTUS BAILEY BUSHNBLL
. re-examined. I paid this cheque for 103l. fe 10d. on 24th June, with a 100l. Bank of England note, No. 91657, dated 9th Aug., 1855, and 3l. 8s. 10d. in cash.





RICHARD ADYE BAILEY
. I am in the bank note accountant's office, Bank of England. This 100l. note was presented to be changed for gold on 25th June—the name of "William Matthews, No. 10, Old-street-road, Middlesex," was given.





GEORGE CLARK
. I keep a coffee house at No. 10, Old-street-road, and kve done so for the last three years. During the whole of that period, no person named Matthews has lived there to my knowledge.





WILLIAM HARDY
. I did reside at No. 7, Euston-mews, Euston-square, I now live at No. 50, Drummond-crescent. I have been in the service of Colonel Portlock, of Woolwich; I left on 27th June—being then out of a situation, I advertised in the Times—I received a letter, in consequence of which I went to see a person of the name of Taylor, at No. 76, Albert-road, Regent's park—I went there, and saw a person, and made an agreement to enter into his service—he did not say what I was to be, but it was something of an under clerk as I understood—I was to have a guinea a week—he appointed to meet me next day, at half past 1 o'clock, at the University hotel, Tottenham-court-road—I went there, and found him in the coffee room—he gave me a cheque for 410l. 7s. 4d.—I could not swear to the cheque—it was like this (produced), and was on Gosling and Sharpe's, Fleet-street—I took it there—he told me to ask for eight fifties, and the rest in gold, and to bring it to No. 76, Albert-road, where I had first seen him—after I had received the money at the bank, I went towards Albert-road with it, and when I got to Mornington-crescent I met Mr. Taylor, and gave him the money—he said he was going off to Liverpool by the next train—he gave me half a sovereign, and I was to hear from him further about the situation—I have never seen him since, or heard from him.
(MR. SERJEANT BALLANTINE. here stated, thai he was unable to resist the evidence in this case, and that Hardwicke would, under his advice, withdraw his plea, and plead Guilty.
MR. BODKIN. considered, that as the Jury were charged, the proper course would be to take a verdict of guilty at the dose of the case.)





JOHN BEATTIE
. I am manager of the Temple-bar Branch of the Union Bank of London. On 2nd July last a female called at the bank, and said she wished to send 20l. to Hamburg for Mr. Richard Gurney; she gave the name of "Mrs. Wilson, High-street, Woolwich"—I received the money

from her, and advised it to our correspondent's at Hamburg; the effect of that would be to give Mr. Richard Gurney credit at that house for 20l.—in Sept. I went down to Yarmouth, and there saw the person who had represented herself to me as Mrs. Wilson; she was there known as Mrs. Ralph—I afterwards saw her in custody at the Mansion-house with Hard-wicke.





RICHARD MULLENS
. I am solicitor to the Committee of Associated Bankers in London. In consequence of a communication made to me from Yarmouth, I went there on 24th Sept., and found the two prisoners in custody—on the 25th, they were brought before the Magistrates there, and Hard wicke answered to the name of Ralph, and Attwell to the name of Attwood—I had an interview with Hard wicke, at his own request—I saw his wife there—she was the person that was seen by Mr. Beattie—on the following day, I had another interview with Hardwicke, and then he told me that his wife had gone to the Union Bank by his direction, and that he, in the name of Gurney, bad received the 20l. at Hamburg—his wife was at that time in custody—after this statement of his, I told the Lord Mayor that I did not think it right to offer any evidence against her, and she was discharged—I had never, to my knowledge, seen Hardwicke before—at first, he denied ever having been at Hamburg, but the next day he admitted that he had.





MARIA AUGUSTUS NATHANIEL PFINGSTHORN
. I manage the business of Messrs. Stressau, bankers and money changers, at Hamburg. On 5th July last, the two prisoners called at our house; Hardwicke presented a drift on our house for the value of 20l., English money—I paid him the amount in French gold, and the balance in Hamburg currency—he signed a receipt on the back of the cheque—this is his signature, "R. Gurney"—he signed it in my presence—he then said that he had been recommended to me by Messrs. Bauer and Co., the drawers of the cheque, to change some hundreds of pounds of Bank of England notes—I agreed to change some for him—Attwell then drew out of his pocket a parcel, and took out four 50l. notes, and laid them on the counter—my clerk took the numbers, and gave him the change—the prisoners then spoke together, and concluded to change four more 50l. notes—Attwell also produced them out of his pocket, and we gave him the change—I have here the numbers of the notes (Reads: "02502, 01021, 00640, 89958, 95701-2, 99165, and 98730").

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. Is that your memorandum taken at the time? A. Yes—I did not take the dates, only the letters "LK" and "L"





RICHARD ADYE BAILEY
. re-examined. The letters always represent the date and denomination—those marked "I," were all dated 8th Nov., and the others, marked "LK," were all dated 6th Feb., 1856.





CHARLES HENRY CHAMBERLAIN
. I am a solicitor, at Great Yarmouth. On 30th Aug., Attwell called on me, he gave the name of Mr. Henry Att-wood—he said that he wanted me to write to a Mr. Edward Dixon, of No. 18, Compton-street, Gray's Inn-road, London, who owed him 104l. for goods sold—I asked him his own address, and he gave me the Angel Inn, Yar-mouth—I asked him several questions, and he went on to say that Mr. Dixon was one of those sort of persons who never would pay his debts unless under some sort of pressure, but he had not the slightest doubt he would remit was the money—I wrote by the same post—this (produced) is my letter—I received, in reply, a letter promising the money in a few days; and afterwards received 104l. 3s. 5d. through a bank at Yarmouth—in consequence of some communication that I had with other solicitors, in Yarmouth, I

saw Attwell on 15th Sept, and asked him to give me an address—he at first said he would not give me his London address, but he would give me his address in Yarmouth, he would point it out—I said that might be reasonable, and he should have a cab—he then said, "No, gentlemen, you know your business, and I understand mine, I shall do nothing of the kind"—I said, "The circumstances are so suspicious that I shall desire you to be taken into custody," and he was taken—this letter of mine, I saw found at his lodging in Yarmouth—these promissory notes were taken from his person, my name is on the back of one of them—(These were two I O U's for 104l. 3s. 5d., signed Eduwrd Dixon, and 105l. 14s., signed Henry Jones).





CHARLES JOHN PALMER
. I am a solicitor, in practice at Great Yar-mouth. On 30th Aug., Attwell called on me—he said his name was Henry Attwood, and requested me to write to a person named William Jones, of No 13, Union-terrace, Bagnigge-wells-road, London, for 105l. 14s., which be stated was due to him—I asked him for the particulars of the debt—he said he had not the particulars with him, but it was partly for goods sold, and partly for money lent—I wrote to the address he gave me, and afterwards received the amount—this is the letter I wrote.





HENRY BLAKE MILLER
. I am a solicitor, at Norwich. On 1st Sept, Attwell called on me, representing himself as Henry Cornwall, and wished me to apply to a Mr. W. H. Jones, living at No. 13, Union-terrace, Bag-sigge-wells-road, for payment of 105l. 14s., which he aaid was due to him—did so, and about ten days afterwards received a communication, and afterwards received the amount through a banker's.





HENRY BARNES
. I ant an officer of Great Yarmouth. In consequence of instructions given to me, I took Attwell into custody, at Messrs. Reynolds and Palmer's office—I searched him, and found on him these two I O U's; and at his lodging I found these three letters, and some bills—these are the three letters written by the three solicitors—I searched Hard-wicke's lodging, he was then known by the name of Ralph—I there found a 1,000l. Exchequer bill, and a revolver pistol.
(Hardwicke was further dwrged with having been before convicted)





SAMUEL COOK
. I produce a certificate from the clerk of the peace's office, for the borough of Plymouth—(This certified the conviction of William Hwdwicke, alias Salt, in April, 1837, of larceny, and that he was sentenced to be transported for seven years)—I was present at the trial—Hardwicks is the person there referred to.

HARDWICKE—


GUILTY
. Aged 62.

ATTWELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.

Guilty of uttering.—






Transported for Life.

