





501. 




DAVID ALEXANDER
 and 




JOSEPH ALEXANDER



, stealing 1 cask and 480 boxes of harness blacking, value 14l. 5s.; also, within six months, 720 boxes of harness blacking, value 21l.; also, within six months 1 piece of paper, value 1d., and 72 boxes of harness blacking, value 2l. 5s.; the goods of 



Samuel Harriss, in his dwelling-house. Others COUNTS for feloniously receiving the same.


MESSRS. BALLANTINE
and
RIBTON
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL HARRISS
. I am a harness blacking manufacturer, of No. 41, Mansell-street. The prisoners have been in the habit of dealing with me for about four years for sponges; they never, to my knowledge, purchased any harness composition—a person named Manchee was in my employment as dispatch clerk, he had to execute the orders—I never authorized him to sell any composition to the prisoners; I have searched my books this morning, and find no entry of any harness composition being supplied to them, and the books have also been searched by a clerk—I examined my stock of harness composition three or four weeks ago, and missed seven or eight dozen boxes, of two sizes; the value of the small ones is 6s., and the large 9s. per dozen boxes, subject to a small discount on taking a large quantity, but not otherwise—I missed a larger quantity of the small size—the value of what I missed altogether is something over 200l.

Cross-examined by
MR. COOPER. Q. How long have you missed blacking? A. I did not miss it till about three weeks ago, because I did not take stock till then; but I have discovered that my blacking was sold for about six months past—I have suspected that Manchee has been robbing me for a long time; perhaps a year.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. Do not you know that he has been robbing you for a considerable period? A. Not positively; I merely say that I have suspected it—there were two other persons, besides Manchee, who I authorised to sell blacking.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Am I to understand that the amount of 200l. is within the last six months? A. Within the last eight or nine months—I am able to say, of my own knowledge, that I have had no dealings for composition with the prisoners whatever, and never knew Manchee to sell composition to either of them; he was authorised to sell composition to whoever came for it—I do not know of his dealing with the prisoners—I disposed of my sponge business on 1st July, but I still attend to it for the parties—the house is my dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. Mary, Whitechapel.





THOMAS MANCHEE
 (a prisoner). I am now in custody for robbing my employer—I have been seven years in Mr. Harriss's employment as clerk—I have known the prisoners between three and four years; they were customers of my master for sponges, but never in a regular way for anything else—I have been in the habit of meeting them occasionally at other places, besides my master's, generally in Hayley-street—I recollect seeing David Alexander on one occasion, when I was in want of money, at the Green Man, between five and six months ago—at that time I had committed no robbery on my employers—I asked David to lend me some money—he said he could not, as he had been buying so much sponge lately, but that if I could get some sponge out he would sell it, and let me have the money—I told him I could not, because that was not my line of business; the sponge was not under my care—he asked me if I could get any composition out, that is harness composition—I told him I could do so, but should not like—he said that out of the quantity my master had he would not miss few dozen, and a few dozen would put me all right—(the sum I wanted to borrow

was 2l. or 3l.)—this was at dinner-time, 1 o'clock—David said he would send his brother Joseph round about 5 o'clock in the afternoon, and at 5 o'clock the prisoner Joseph came to the window of the warehouse, and I gave him a parcel of composition—this was in Aug., as near as I can recollect—I saw David the next day—he asked me if I could not get any more out, as that was so small a quantity, and I gave him another parcel after that—about 21st Aug. I sent away a cask, by my master's cart, to Joseph Alexander's house, containing about forty dozen boxes of composition—Christmas was the driver of the cart—I delivered the cask to him from the shop—I had the prisoner's direction written down, and I gave it to him—I saw Joseph the same day at the usual place, in Haley-street, not at a public house—he said that it was all right, he had sent it off by rail to Birmingham, and it was not in the house five minutes—I cannot say whether I saw David about it at all; I do not recollect any conversation with him about it—I delivered some more in Sept.; David paid me 5l. for that—I also sent away a cask by Christmas in Sept., directed "D. Simpson, to be left at the Birmingham Railway-station, at Birmingham"—it had been agreed on between David Alexander and me to direct it to Simpson—I cannot recollect whether he proposed that name or whether it was agreed on between us—he said he would write and send the money up by a Post-office older, at the Whitechapel post-office, and he would address me as T. Cameron; that was to be my name—after I had sent the composition to Birmingham I received this letter (produced)—I cannot say in whose handwriting it is, or the direction—I expected to receive it—it was agreed between me and David that I was to call at the Whitechapel post-office to see if there was a letter left.





JOSEPH CHRISTMAS
. I know the handwriting of the prisoners—I believe this letter to be in the prisoner David's writing, as also this other letter (produced), as near as I can judge.

Cross-examined by
MR. COOPER. Q. How often have you seen him write? A. Many times; he has given me receipts for sponge—I am in the prosecutor's employment.
(Letter read, addressed "T. Cameron, to be left at the Whitechapel post office till called for—Sept. 30th, Birmingham, Dear friend, I write this to inform you that the business has been bad; you will find enclosed a post office order for three pounds, write as soon as you receive this, and let me know if you will send me any more goods or not, and I will send you more money; address, David Alexander, Nottingham. "





THOMAS MANCHEE
 (continued). There was a post-office order enclosed in that letter, which I got cashed at the Whitechapel post-office—when I was taken in custody that letter was found on me—I did not then make all the statement I have made to-day—I made my first statement at the House of Detention—I recollect sending a parcel containing six dozen of composition to the Black Horse, to be left till called for—I sent it there because I was known there—David Alexander told me next day that be had fetched the parcel away, and gave me 10s.—I cannot recollect whether I saw Joseph about it at all, but I often saw him at the Black Horse, and David also.

Cross-examined by
MR. COOPER. Q. Was this the first time you ever attempted to do wrong in your life? A. Yes; I had never robbed my employer before, nor anybody else—I did not consent at once; I took two or three days to consider of it—before I sent off the cask, I gave them two parcels containing six dozen each, and worth about 1l. 16s. each—two or three days afterwards I sent the cask; the rest was sent some time afterwards—I sent none in the interval to anybody—I give evidence to-day because I

thought it would be the best plan to confess; I think to benefit my master—I have not the slightest idea of benefiting myself; that is as true as all the rest I have said—this is the first offence of the kind I have ever committed in my life.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. Are you quite sure you took two or three days to consider? A. Yes; I gave them a parcel the same night, containing six dozen boxes of composition, but I took two or three days to consider before I sent the cask away—I robbed my master the same night; that was the first time, it was I think in August, 1852—I do not recollect ever assuming the name of Cameron before—I have never signed a bill or receipt for my master in the name of Cameron—there was a bill made out for the prisoners; I believe I signed that in the name of Cameron—I cannot recollect at what precise time that was; it was not in 1851; I did put the date 1851, but it was in 1852—I made it out at David Alexander's instigation, to make it appear that he had had the composition on hand a long time—I have robbed my master to a very heavy amount, between 100l. and 200l.—I was short of money, because I had got in debt—it was by spending more than I ought in bad company—I first got into bad company in April, 1852—I did not bet; it was smoking and drinking; I was not taken on this charge, but on a charge of embezzling my master's money.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. How came you to sign the bill in the name of Cameron? A. It was for David Alexander, this is it (produced), it is dated July 24th, 1851, and signed for S. and H. Harriss, S. Cameron—the date is not correct, because I made it out in 1852.





JOSEPH CHRISTMAS

re-examined. I am carman to Mr. Harriss. I know the prisoners—I have been in the habit of delivering sponge to both the prisoners—I recollect delivering a cask to them; I cannot tell the time, I think it was in summer-time—I delivered it at Jubilee-place, Cambridge-road—I did not see the prisoners there at all—Manchee sent me with it—as I returned I met both prisoners in Church Row, just by Whitechapel Church—I told them I had delivered the cask, and they said it was all right, and one of them gave me 6d.—some time afterwards I carried a cask to Pickford's, by Manchee's desire; it was addressed to Simpson, at Birmingham.

Cross-examined by
MR. METCALFE. Q. Did you make any entries of these matters? A. No.

Cross-examined by
MR. COOPER. Q. How long have you been porter to Mr. Harriss? A. I am in my eighth year—I was known as his porter, and it was not at all extraordinary for customers to speak to me—I carried it openly, and if my master came at the time he would have seen me—Manchee's common name in the shop was Thomas or Tom.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Manchee did not desire you to keep it secret? A. No; it was not entered in my delivery book, but on paper; that is not uncommon—I received a piece of paper from Manchee, on which there was a receipt given for Pick fords.





CORNELIUS BASSETT
 (City policeman, 593). 1 was present when Manchee was taken—he pointed out his coat, and I found the two letters produced in it—in consequence of which I apprehended Joseph Alexander, on 23rd March—Manchee gave me his residence in Jubilee-place—it was from finding the letters, and not from information from Manchee—I told him I wanted him for receiving some harness blacking, the property of Mr. Harriss, knowing it to be stolen—on the way to the station he said, I

never had any of Mr. Harriss's blacking in my possession;" and in a minute or two afterwards he said, "Yes; I had some which I took in exchange for sponge."

Cross-examined by
METCALFE. Q. Joseph gave you his address at first, and you found it was correct? A. Yes





JAMES GRIFFIN
. I am in the service of Mr. Harriss. About six months ago I was sent to the post office, opposite Whitechapel Church, by Manchee—I asked for a letter, I think, in the name of T. Cameron; I received one and took it to Manchee—I also received a second letter in the same name.





CHARLES FREDERICK ARMSTRONG
, I am a clerk in the money order office, St. Martin'sle-Grand. I produce a post office order from Birmingham, dated Sept. 1852, obtained at Birmingham, and made payable at Whitechapel—I have likewise the letter of advice, which is to David Alexander, traveller.





HENRY LEEK
. I am clerk at the post-office, Whitechapel. I cashed this post-office order there on 1st Oct.





JOHN ELLIOTT
. I am clerk to Pickford and Co., of Wood-street, Cheapside. I recollect a cask being delivered to me, addressed to Simpson, of Birmingham; I have my book here, it was on 28th Sept., it was described as blacking, and was forwarded in the usual way.





SARAH SMITH
. I am a widow, and live at Lansdowne-cottages, Tenter-ground. I know Manchee, and both the prisoners—I do not know whether the prisoners know Manchee, but I know that Manchee came one evening with Joseph for a parcel.





ELIZABETH WHITE
. I am barmaid of the Black Horse, Leman-street, Whitechapel. I have seen the prisoners there—I have seen Manchee; he left a parcel there some time in December, I cannot say the exact time, but it was about Christmas time—David Alexander came afterwards, and asked for the parcel that Thomas had left—I do not recollect seeing Manchee and the prisoners all together, but I have seen him with the prisoners occasionally.





HENRY WEBB
 (City policeman, 524). On 23rd March, I took David Alexander, in Brick-lane—I told him I was an officer, and took him for receiving a quantity of blacking from Manchee, who was in the employ of Mr. Harriss, of Mansell-street—he said he did not know him, and he had never had any of Harriss's blacking in his possession in his life.





JOHN BARRETT
. I am a brushmaker of No. 89, Piccadilly—I know David Alexander, and have frequently had dealings with him for one or two years—in Nov. last I bought six dozen of Mr. Harriss's composition of him, and in Dec. six dozen—there are two sizes, I paid him 4s. 6d. for one size, and 6s. for the other—I have been in the habit of buying of Mr. Harriss; his price is 6s., and 9s.

Cross-examined by
MR. COOPER. Q. You thought that a fair price? A. Yes, under the circumstances that he stated, that he had taken it in exchange—I have had large dealings with him, 10l. or 15l. at a time, and believe him to be a perfectly upright man.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Does hearing this at all alter your opinion? A. I mean until the last circumstance about the blacking aroused my suspicion—he buys a case of sponge, and sells it in detail—from the blacking being cheaper than usual, I mentioned the fact to Mr. Harriss.





EDWARD GUYER BARR
. I come from Bristol. I know David Alexander on 13th Sept. I bought of him eighteen dozen of Mr. Harriss's composi tion, at 6s. per dozen, and some for 4s.—it was two different sizes—I got these receipts from him, the account is in my writing, but it has his signature—

I also believe this letter to be in his writing (receipts read:"E. G. Barr, to David Alexander, Sept. 13, eighteen dozen compo., 4l. 10s.; received same time, David Alexander." "Mr. Henry Brace, twenty-three dozen large, twenty-two dozen small, 45 dozen, 9l.; David Alexander." "Dec. 9,1852, Mr. H. Brace, bought of David Alexander, thirty dozen large compo., thirty-two dozen small, 13l. 9s.; paid, David Alexander. "





JOSEPH CHRISTMAS

re-examined. When I delivered the cask at Joseph's-place, I knew whose house it was—it was the same place where I had delivered sponges before—I did not see anybody there.

DAVID ALEXANDER—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.

JOSEPH ALEXANDER—



GUILTY. Aged 24. of receiving.






Transported for Seven Years.

