




275. 




JOHN WILSON



, feloniously uttering a forged 5l. Bank of England note, and 




MARGARET THOMPSON



, feloniously harbouring and maintaining the said John Wilson, well knowing him to have committed the said felony.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BAYLEY
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM ADAMS
. I am barman, at the Britannia public house, at Limehouse, kept by Mr. Thomey. On 29th Dec, between 4 and 5 o'clock, in the afternoon, three men and a woman came there—the prisoners were two of them—the male prisoner called for a quartern of gin, and a glass of noyean—the female prisoner took a white pocket handkerchief and wiped his coat down, as it was raining—she separated from the men; went and sat down at the bottom of the room, and called for 2d. worth more gin—one of the men left the male prisoner, and went to the woman—there were then two at the top, and two at the bottom of the counter—the male prisoner then went down to where the woman was, and asked me what the best whisky was a quart—I told him, and he said he would take a pint—I served him with it, and he said, "Put a pint of the best gin in a bottle"—I did so, and altogether it amounted to 4s. 6d.—he tendered me a 5l. note, which he took out of a small pocket book—I looked

at it, and not liking the appearance of it I took it to my master, in the bar parlour—he said it was a bad one—he came to the counter and asked the male prisoner where he got it from—he said he got it in change of a ten—my master asked him where—he said, "At an hotel"—he was asked what hotel—he said he had been spreeing about and had just come from New York, and bad got between 50l. and 60l. at the hotel—by my master's desire I fetched two policemen, who were passing the front door, and while I was speaking my master ran out, and caught the man just by where I was standing with the policemen—he told the policemen that that was the man that had offered him the note and he was brought into the passage, and eventually given into custody—I am positive that the note I received from the prisoner was the one I gave to my master.

Wilson. Q. Did I pay you for the quartern of gin and glass of noyeau I had when I came in? A. Yes; I cannot recollect exactly in what coin you paid me; I do not know whether it was half a crown, but if you gave me any silver I gave you the right change; you were three quarters of an hour I should think in the house, before you offered me the note; you came into the house between 4 and 5 o'clock; you were not drinking there till a quarter to 8 o'clock; you were given in charge at half past 5 o'clock; before you offered the note, you spent 8d. and the woman spent 6d.; the whisky and gin are not paid for yet; you did not spend 6s. before you offered the note; the man with you, the sailor, drank the noyeau; he went down to where the woman was sitting; I took the money for the gin he had; I do not know who paid it; I took it from the counter; there was no Change; it was paid in copper; I did not tell you the note was bad; I took it to my master; I was not away ten minutes; you did not tell me I had been a long time; you went out at the front door, and my master at the private door; I have never said you were there from 4 o'clock to 8 o'clock.





GEORGE THOMEY
. I am landlord of the Britannia public-house, Lime house. On Wednesday, 29th Dec, between 5 and 6 o'clock in the afternoon, my barman brought me a note into the bar, purporting to be a Bank of England note—I examined it, came to the bar, and saw the prisoner Wilson there (I am not a native of England)—I asked him where he got the note from—he said he brought it from his hotel, he had changed it for a ten, and had spent all the money, and only had this 5l. left—I asked him where he came from, and he told me New York—I asked him about the hotel—he could not tell what hotel it was, or where it was—he said he was out for a spree, and spent all the money, and that was all he had left—I asked him where he lived—he said anywhere, wherever he could—I said it was a bad note—he said, "If it is a bad note, I had it out of change for a 10l. note," and said to my barman," Let me look at the note?"—I said, "When you tell me your name, and where you got it from, then I might let you look"—I told the young man, in his hearing, to fetch a policeman—Wilson said, "I will see you d—d first," or some such expression, "I will go and fetch one," and turned to go out—he went out at the middle door—I went as fast as I could out of the other door, took hold of him just as he came on to the pavement, and pointed him out to a policeman, and poked him into the passage—up to this time I had not seen the female prisoner—the policeman, Wilson, and myself then went into the coffee room—we searched Wilson, but only found a purse and a knife—the female prisoner then came into the coffee room, sat down, and asked for a cup of coffee—we do not allow females in the coffee room—I ordered her out of the house, and she left—I gave Wilson into custody with the note.


Wilson. Q. Did not I walk round to meet you when you walked round the bar, instead of trying to get away? A. There are two doors, and you took the wrong turning, and did not think to meet me—I did not show the note to my mistress, she was not down—she did not take another note out of her pocket, and compare the two—I did not show it to any woman—I took it to a pawnbroker's with one policeman, while the other took care of you in the coffee room—the pawnbroker said it was a bad note, and the policeman took it—I did not have it in my possession again—it remained at the station—I had it in my hand there, but never had it again to keep.

Thompson. I do not recollect being in his coffee room.
----SYLVESTER (policeman, A 441). On 29th Dec, between 5 and 6 o'clock in the evening, Mr. Thomas; gave Wilson into my charge, with this note (produced)—I know it by the initials, and by the name of Thompson and of Davies written on the back—I noticed that at the time—I kept possession of the note, and left it with the sergeant on duty—I took Wilson towards the station—the female prisoner followed him, caught hold of his arm, and said if we locked him up, she would be locked up too—Wilson said, "Get away from me, you b—y w—e, if it was not for you and your pals persuading me to do this, I should not have been in this trouble now"—when we were opposite Poplar Church, he threw me on my back on the ground, and stuck his knees in my throat and his feet in my chest, and kicked me several times—he escaped, and Martin, K 441, who was following behind me, pursued and apprehended him at a distance of 300 or 400 yards—we took him to the station, and he was locked up—I searched him at the coffee house, and found a duplicate of a pair of trowsers on him—next morning I saw the female prisoner at the Thames police court, in custody of a constable, charged with being drunk—she was discharged, and was then taken into custody again.

Wilson. Q. When you took me into custody, did not you ask me where I had the note from? A. Yes; you told me you had been drinking about on the spree—I asked you if you knew it was a bad one—you said "No"—you said you had come from New Orleans—I asked you how much money you had when you came home—you did not tell me you had 56l.—you did not tell me you landed at Hull—besides the duplicate, I found on you a few halfpence and a pocket book—I did not see the mistress of the house come out, take a note out of her pocket book, and show the difference between the had note and the good one, with a sovereign wrapped up in the middle of the good one, nor did I say there was a material difference—as we went along, I told the other policeman to keep the female prisoner from you—I did not get my hand into your handkerchief, and say, "You b—r, I will show you how to fasten your collar"—I did put my hand in your handkerchief after you made your escape—I did not say," You b—r, I will show you how to pass bad money"—the squabble between you and me was caused by your trying to get away—you struck me, and kicked my heels from under me—I did not strike you with a stick—we both fell together—I pulled you down on me.





GEORGE MARTIN
 (policeman, K 441). On Wednesday night, 29th Dec., about 6 o'clock, I saw Sylvester, with Wilson in his custody, going in the direction of Poplar station—I followed about live or six yards behind, and saw the female prisoner go up and catch hold of Wilson's arm—she whispered something to him, which I could not hear, and I told her I could not allow her to do that—she followed a short distance behind with me—it

was a mile, within a very few yards from where I first saw her with Wilson, to the station—she followed over three quarters of a mile, during which time she went up to the male prisoner again, and he shoved her away, and said something to her—Sylvester had hold of him at that time—I afterwards saw him look round towards me and the female prisoner, who was following behind; upon which she dropped her victorine from her neck—I picked it up, and she asked me to tie it on for her, which I did—she got a few yards further, and said her boot lace was untied, and asked if I would be kind enough to tie it for her: she put her foot up on the railings of Poplar Church; I stooped down to tie it, but told her she had better tie it herself—as I said that I heard a hallooing noise from the other constable and Wilson, and before I could reach them Wilson had escaped—I left the female, and ran after him for about ten minutes, and overtook him in Kirby-street, Poplar, over a quarter of a mile from the Church—I had my staff in my hand, and he said, "Don't strike me, I will go quietly with you; if you had done as I have, you would try to get away the same as I have done"—Sylvester and Mr. Thomey came up at that time—at the station Wilson gave the name of John Williams; he was asked where he lived, and he said, "Anywhere"—on the following morning he was taken to the Thames police court, and while I was there with him, I saw the female prisoner there in custody on a charge of being drunk; I told Mr. Thomey, and he gave her in charge for this transaction—I told her she was charged with being concerned with a man in uttering a forged 5l. note; she said, "What me! I have no notes about me; I was out all day drinking yesterday"—she asked if she might be allowed to see the man she was charged with; I told her she would, after she was searched—I did not search her—there was nothing found on her relating to this charge—I took her into the waiting room, where the male prisoner was with a constable; she said she had never seen him before.

Wilson. Q. What time did you take the female prisoner into custody? A. It might be 11 o'clock, or more; she was not drunk—it was a few minutes past 6 o'clock when I took you—I did not strike you on the side of the head, or anywhere.

COURT. Q. Was Thompson at all intoxicated when she was walking along the night before? A. She had been drinking.





REBECCA. HOULTON
. I live at No. 147, Royal Mint-street, and let lodgings—I know both the prisoners; Thompson has lodged with me about a twelvemonth last May, and Wilson six or seven weeks; but I never knew his name, we always used to call him Mr. Navvy—Thompson had apartments to herself.

Wilson. Q. Was it a month I was in your house? A. I cannot say how many weeks it was, but I think you came some time in Nov.—I know that you were drinking the next week, and I knew you to have a good bit of money—you paid me every night before you went to bed—you were extremely drunk one night, and I took care of your pocket book—you asked me for the money the next morning—I went out with you, and got half a sovereign and two half crowns, which Mrs. Keeley had—you were drinking the next day, and the morning after that you asked me for some money, and I told you to take a sovereign out of the book; but I do not know what you took—I asked you how you were getting through your money so fast—I gave the book into your possession before Christmas—I think you had some drink before you left my house on the morning in question—I did not see you bring a bottle of drink into my kitchen—you had something in

a jug on Christmas-eve—you slept in a four bedded room there were four men in the room.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. In what name did the prisoner come to you? A. He never told me his name; you cannot tell people's names when they come and ask for a night's lodging—he had a bed to himself, and there were three other beds in the room—that was the case all the time he was at my house; I never knew anything to the contrary.





WILLIAM LATIMER
. I live at No. 1, Royal Mint-street. I knew the male prisoner by the name of John Clark, but Mr. Navvy was the name he was occasionally called by—that is an abbreviation of the word navigator, an excavator.

Wilson. Q. Did I ever tell you my name? A. Yes; I told you I did not know what name to address you by, and you said your name was John Clark—I heard you called by the name of John occasionally.





PHILIP CRELIN
. I am out-fitter, of No. 128, St. George's-street, St. George's in the East. On 8th Sept., between 7 and 8 o'clock in the evening, a man came to my shop—I am not able to say whether Wilson is the man—I am short sighted—I sold him one dozen shirts, for 335.—he gave me a piece of paper, purporting to be a 5l. note; I gave him change, took the note into the counting-house, and laid it on the table—after he was gone, I went to fold it up, and thought the paper did not feel exactly like what I had been accustomed to, and I put it by very carefully—this is it (produced)—I know it, because I wrote my name and address on it, and then took it to the Bank of England—I received it back, stamped, as it is now—this blue writing was on it when I took it. Wilson. I never saw the man in my life.





FLETCHER PAPE
. I am foreman to the last witness. On 8th Sept. a person, whom I believe to be the prisoner, came and asked to look at some shirts—I saw him lay something down on the counter, which bad the appearance of a 5l. note, but I was on the opposite side of the shop—six weeks or two months afterwards I went to Newgate, for the purpose of recognizing the man who passed the note—I saw ten prisoners brought out into the yard, and I recognized the last one in the file, as they were marched round the yard—it was the male prisoner.

Wilson. I never saw the man, and never had a dozen shirts in my possession. Witness. It may have been about four months afterwards that I saw the prisoner in Newgate; it is about a fortnight since.





WILLIAM WYBURG
. I am one of the inspectors of notes to the Bank of England. This note first produced is a forgery in all respects, paper and print, and it wants the water mark—this other note is also forged; it is not Bank paper, and there is no water mark, only the imitation of one—they are both from the same plate.

COURT. Q. But one note is headed "London, 1852," and the other is, "Leicester, June 21, 1852?" A. The "Leicester" is placed lower down than the "London," but the copperplate engraving is the same; if you place the two notes together, you will see that all the engraving comes on the same line, and there is space enough for "London," "Leicester," or "Manchester," to be put before—a note at the Bank of England is made from one plate, and "London," "Leicester," or whatever place it is, is put in in the type afterwards.

Wilson's Defence. My master went to Australia, and I went across to New York, and went into Mr. Burns's office; he gave me 10l. in notes, and the remainder in gold and silver, amounting to 56l.; I came over here, and

landed in Hull on 28th Oct.; I went spreeing and drinking about; I came up to London, and met a policeman on Tower-hill, who directed me to Mrs. Houlton's; one night I got drunk there, and she came out and took my money away from me; I have worked hard for my living, and know no more about making a note than a child.

Thompson's Defence. I know nothing at all about the note.

WILSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


THOMPSON—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Justice Cresswell

