




554. 




JOSEPH BURGESS
, and 



THOMAS RISLEY



 were indicted, (with 


George Turner, not in custody,) for a robbery on 



James Brown, and stealing from his person 1 purse, value 1d., 8 shillings, and 1 sixpence; his property.


MR. CARTEEN
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES BROWN
. I am a broker at Tottenham. On 29th Jan., I was at Edmonton—I had left a house of mine at Tanner's-end; Westley, my man, was working there—about twelve o'clock, I was walking on a foot-path leading from Silver-street—Turner came up, and clasped his arms round me and

held me—Burgess came up, unbuttoned my breeches, and took out my purse, containing 8s. 6d.—I did not see Risley for an hour afterwards, when the policeman brought him to my house—I cried out, "Murder!" and they ran away—I went home—I had seen Burgess hundreds of times before, and knew Turner and Risley by sight.





ROBERT HAYES
. I am a gardener at Edmonton. I was at work at a hedge about twenty minutes to twelve o'clock, and saw the prisoners pass me towards Silver-street—I knew them before—they were talking together—I had known Risley three years—I did not speak to him—I did not see Turner.





WILLIAM WESTLEY
. I live at Tottenham, and am in Mr. Brown's employment. On 29th Jan., I was at work at his house at Tanner's-end—about twenty minutes past eleven o'clock, I saw Turner and the prisoners together—I knew them before—they were going towards Church-road—Mr. Brown was in the house then—he left in about ten minutes, and told me something—I went in pursuit of the prisoners—I found them going towards Edmonton—when I got near them, they separated—Risley ran by the side of a hedge—I pursued Turner to his own house—he went in—I went to the station, and gave information.

Burgess. Q. Where had you seen me before? A. Lurking about the Angel and the Bell at Edmonton—I have known you five or six months.





DUNCAN FORBES
 (policeman, N 490). Westley told me something, and I went after the prisoners—I took Risley at the Angel tap, about twelve o'clock—the foot-path that has been mentioned is 300 or 400 yards from there.





JESSE LAWRENCE
 (policeman, N 398). I took Burgess at the Three Tuns, Edmonton, not above a quarter of a mile from the foot-path, about half-an-hour after it happened—I told him the charge; he said he knew nothing about it, he had been in the foot-path, and had seen Mr. Brown there.

Burgess's Defence. I was not in Edmonton from half-past nine o'clock till one; I went to Wood-green to look after a job; 1 met Mr. Brown going towards his house, and then met a young chap who took me to the public-house where the policeman took me, and took me to Mr. Brown's, who said he knew nothing about me, and told him to let me go; I never mentioned being in the lane.





JAMES BROWN

re-examined. I did not say so.

Risky's Defence. I know nothing about it.

RISLEY—


NOT GUILTY
.

BURGESS—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

