



1072. 




GEORGE HACKETT



, feloniously wounding 



John Storey on the head, with intent to resist and prevent his lawful apprehension and detainer:—2nd COUNT, with intent to do him grievous bodily harm; having been before convicted.


MESSRS. RYLAND and LOCKE
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE TREW
 (City-policeman, 26). On 4th April I obtained a warrant from Mr. Alderman Gibbs, for the apprehension of the prisoner for an assault on me—he was taken into custody by Storey on 24th, and I was present at the Mansion-house when he was brought there on 25th—there was then a charge of burglary at Mr. I. Hardy's, 125, New Bond-street, made against him, in consequence of which Mr. Alderman Gibbs told us to take him to Marlborough-street Police-court, the district where the burglary was committed—I went with him, and there was a charge of burglary made against him there—he was remanded for a week—I went there again on 2nd May, and he was not there then—he could not be found—I did not see him again till 29th.





ROBERT LESTER
 (policeman, C 148). I am deputy-gaoler, at Marylebone Police-court—the prisoner was in my custody there on 2nd May—that was the first time I saw him—it was under remand, on a charge of felony committed in Bond-street—I went to the cell for the purpose of taking him before the Magistrate, and lie was gone—I have never discovered how he got away.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What time did you first see him on 2nd May? A. At a quarter-past ten o'clock—the sergeant of the van brought him to me, and I locked him up in the cell; I am positive of that—

the sergeant assisted me—he is not here—the lock to the cell is a Chubb's patent lock—it was not at all damaged—I went to the cell again, at ten minutes or a quarter-past eleven—the door was then locked and bolted outside, top and bottom, and there were three prisoners remaining inside—they were put in at the same time as the prisoner—there were five altogether, and two had escaped—there are no windows in the cell where prisoners could get out; there are some small apertures in the door—the door shuts of itself, and it is bolted top and bottom afterwards—it double-locks of itself—I never tried to open it from the inside when it was shut—I have not tried since this occurred, nor has anybody in my presence—I have not the remotest idea how the prisoner got out—I am quite sure I did not leave the door open—I could not have left it open, because you cannot bolt it without shutting it—no one watches the outside of the cells—I bolted the door top and bottom when I put the five prisoners in.





JOHN STOREY
 (City policeman, 414). I took the prisoner into custody on 24th April, on the charge of an assault on George Trew—I took him before Mr. Alderman Gibbs at the Mansion-house, and there was there a charge made against him of a burglary in Bond-street, and in consequence he was sent to Marlborough-street—I took him there with Trew—on 2nd May I was there when he was to have been brought up, and was informed that he and another prisoner had escaped—in consequence of that I was on the look-out for him—on 29th May, a little before eleven o'clock in the day, I was in King William-street, and observed a cart going to cross the bridge towards the Surrey side with a female in it and a man, who I knew to be a companion of the prisoner's—I followed the cart, and it had not got many yards before I saw the prisoner peep his head up out of the body of the cart—I then went towards the cart—there was a stoppage, and the prisoner jumped out of the cart—I pursued him to the west side of the bridge, near the steps which go down to Thames-street, when I closed with him, and he drew this life-preserver from his breast pocket, put his legs between mine, and we both went down together—I cannot exactly say whether he fell upon me—while I was down he struck me with this life-preserver—my hat had fallen off, and he struck me three successive times on the back of my head—I got up and closed with him again—we went down again—he then struck me once more, and then got up and ran away towards King William-street—the blows made the blood run very much indeed, and my clothes were all saturated with it—he went along King William-street, down Arthur-street west, down Miles'-lane into Thames-street, with this life-preserver in his hand, and I crying out "Stop thief!" and when any one attempted to stop him he made a blow at them—he was at last stopped by a man named Cheer, when I was a few yards from him—he made an aim at Cheer with the life-preserver, and I then caught hold of him—he kicked Cheer and me very much—Baldwin came up, secured him, and I let go of him and followed behind—he was taken to Garlic-hill station—he was very violent all the way—I went to Mr. May, close by, who dressed my head, and Mr. Childs saw me the same day—I have not been able to do duty since—I saw Cheer wrench the life-preserver out of his hand, and he gave it to me—my clothes were very much torn and covered with blood.

Cross-examined. Q. What did you first do when the prisoner got out of the cart? A. Ran after him—he had only crossed the road when I caught hold of him—I closed with him as I saw him draw the life-preserver—I took him round the body, so as to keep his arms down—I held him as tight as I could, to prevent his striking my temples—I did not strike him before he

struck me—he did not complain at the time that I was squeezing him, so that he could hardly breathe—there were several people by when I seized him, but no one assisted me—I was in plain clothes—be has known we for years, and I have known him from a boy—he knew I was an officer—I took him on the previous occasion, when he escaped.





THOMAS CHEER
. I am a blind-maker, and reside in East-street, Walworth. On Wednesday, 29th May, about half-past ten o'clock in the morning, I was near Miles'-lane, Cannon-street, close by London-bridge, I saw some persons standing at one end of Miles'-lane—I heard them calling, "Stop thief!"—I saw the prisoner running down Miles'-lane, towards me—I made an attempt to stop him, but he held up a life-preserver, and endeavoured to strike me—I stepped aside, and allowed him to pass, and then turned round, as he was turning the corner into Thames-street, closed on him and seized him—we had a scuffle, and both fell—I placed my right knee on his neck or head, to hold him down—he made a scuffle to try to get up—he tried to lift up the life-preserver to strike me, and I stamped it down with my feet, and got it from him—I afterwards gave it to Storey when he came up—another policeman then came up, and he was taken to the station—on the way to the station I was kicked by the prisoner severely in the upper part of my body, and I have not been able to follow my labour since.





JAMS M'CLOUD ROBERTSON
. I am a commission-agent, in Lower Thames-street. On the morning of 29th May I saw the prisoner on London-bridge, running from Storey, across from the lower part of the bridge to the west side, where I was—I saw Storey come up with him, and put both his arms round his neck—the prisoner then endeavoured to trip him up, and they both fell together.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see whether the officer fell against any place that he could have hurt his head? A. I saw him fall, and there was no place decidedly that could have hurt his head.





WILLIAM CASTALL
. I am a surgeon. On Wednesday, 29th May, Storey was brought to my house, in Bow-lane—I examined his head—it was covered with blood, and his hair was saturated with blood—on the upper part of the back part of his head I found a ragged, bruised wound, about an inch and a half or two inches long—the skin was completely separated, and it was bleeding very much—it had perhaps been bleeding more than when I saw it—I think such an instrument as this would produce such a wound—I did what was necessary at the time, and have not seen him professionally since.

Cross-examined. Q. Suppose three blows to have been given with a life-preserver, would you not have expected to discover more wounds than you saw? A. A blow with a life-preserver might or might not produce a wound, according to the direction in which it was struck; many circumstances might prevent it—I think if the blows fell in different parts they would produce different wounds—I cleansed it, and removed some small parts of skin, which were so much injured as to prevent the union of the wound.





GEORGE BORLASE CHILDS
. I am surgeon to the City police. I visited Storey on the afternoon of 29th May, about four o'clock, at his home—he was in bed—I examined his bead, and found that he had received a contused wound, of more than an inch in extent, at the. upper and back-part of his head—he appeared to have lost a large quantity of blood, judging from his clothes—he complained of dimness of the sight, and noise in the ears, clearly indicating that the brain had sustained a very severe shock of some kind—he has remained under my care to this day, and still complains of those symptoms,

but in a less aggravated form—he is not fit at present to go on duty—I should say it is more than probable that the wound might have been produced by such an instrument as this.





WILLIAM DIXON
 (policeman, E 81). I produce a certificate, which I got from the Clerk of the Peace's office for Middlesex—(read—George Thomson convicted Feb., 1848, and confined nine months)—I know the prisoner; he is the person named in that certificate—at that time he went by the name of George Thompson.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

