




307. 




SAMUEL RAWSON
 and 




SUSANNAH GARDNER



, stealing 1 shawl, value 5s.; the goods of 



Joseph Christmas Folkard.—2nd COUNT, Gardner receiving the same; Rawson having been before convicted.






THOMAS COOK
. I am foreman to Mr. Joseph Christmas Folkard, a pawnbroker, New Bridge-street, Vauxhall. On 3rd Dec. I received information about half-past eleven in the morning, and went about seven doors down Harleyford-road, and came up with the prisoner Gardner—I said, "You will excuse me, Madam, but you have got something that does not belong to you"—she said she had not—I lifted her shawl on one side, and took from under her right arm this shawl: it is my master's; I know it by the pattern, and there is a private mark on it—I had told a person the price of it half an hour before—it was then hanging across a rail which goes along the door, inside the shop—I took her back to the shop—she begged I would not give her in charge, and cried a good deal—she said she did not take it, and begged I would forgive her—Rawson was brought back by one of our young men.





MARY ANN SMITH
. I live at Vauxhall. I was outside Mr. Folkard's window—the prisoners were both there together, looking in at the window—I saw Rawson pull the shawl from the rail a little way, so that it touched the ground—he then left it, and went and spoke to Gardner—I went on to the next window, and saw Rawson pull the shawl down in the doorway, and throw it to Gardner, who put it under her arm and went down Harley-ford-road—Rawson went towards South Lambeth—I have no doubt he is the man and Gardner is the woman—I went into the shop directly, and gave information.





ALFRED ANSELL
 (policeman, L 86). The prisoners were given into my custody on 3rd Dec, about half-past eleven o'clock, by Mr. Cook—he also gave me this shawl.

Rawson's Defence. That young man came to me about sixty yards from the shop; he said, "Will you accompany me back to the shop?" I came back to the shop, and was charged first with breaking a looking-glass, and then with taking a shawl with this young woman; I had never seen her before in my life; there were several females round the shop; I looked in; I was going on to the railway.





THOMAS LOCKYER
 (policeman, L 138). I produce a certificate of Rawson's conviction, at Newington—(read—Convicted May, 1850, and confined six months)—he is the man—he had been out of prison but six days—he has been charged with uttering counterfeit coin.

RAWSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.


GARDNER—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—



Confined Three Months.

