



179. 




CHARLES MITCHELL



, robbery (with others) on 



Thomas Bennett, stealing from his personal half crown; his property.


MR. PULLEN
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS BENNETT
. I am a wine cooper, and live in St. Margaret's court, Southwark, On 29th Dec. I was coming from a ball with Hannah Reardon—I was near St. Giles's Church between 1 and 2 o'clock in the morning—there was a group of men standing by the railings, and I asked Hannah Reardon to cross to avoid them—we did cross, and when I got to the first street on the opposite side, I was seized by the prisoner—I am sure it was him—I had a good view of him—Hannah Reardon ran in the road, and called "Police!"—a policeman came immediately, and the man ran in a different direction—the policeman went into Dudley-court, and brought the prisoner round to me—he asked me if that was the man—I said yes, that was the man that throttled me, and took half a crown from my pocket, and broke my watch chain—in the scuffle he had broken the chain from my watch, but the watch was left in the bottom button-hole of my waistcoat—there was an attempt to take my watch from me, but I kept my arm close to my waistcoat pocket—I swear that the prisoner is the man who throttled me; he pulled me down backwards, and in the act of falling, I had a full view of his face—I saw enough of him then to be able to swear he was the man—I had discovered I had lost a half crown before the prisoner was brought round to me—I knew I had it a few minutes before—the moment the prisoner ran away, I searched for the half crown and missed it—I had never seen the prisoner before.

Prisoner. A. Was I behind, or in front of you, when I caught hold of you? A. You were behind me—you are the man that caught my watch chain—you throttled me; I fell backwards—I have the lumps on my head now.





HANNAH REARDON
. I am single, and live in Cressy-street. I was at a ball on 29th Dec.—I went there by myself, but the last witness had the kindness to see me home—we were close by St. Giles's Church; and as we came by the railings, I saw four men, one of whom was the prisoner—I took particular notice of them—we crossed, and had not gone on five minutes when the prisoner came behind Mr. Bennett, drew him backwards, and they punched him severely in the chest and stomach, and rifled his pockets; I saw the prisoner fumbling at his pocket after he was down on the stones—

I saw the prisoner distinctly—I had a great opportunity, for I was in the middle of the road—one of them, who was a tall man, in a white jacket said, "I will teach you to have anything to do with my girl;" and that tall man ran up Lawrence-street; I did not know the prisoner or any of them before.

Prisoner. She is a girl that walks the streets for her living. Witness. No, I am not; I can have a character anywhere; I cannot say that the prisoner took the half-crown.





THOMAS PAICE
 (policeman, F 73). I was on duty on the morning of 29th Dec, near St. Giles's Church; I heard the cry of "Police!"—I ran to the spot, and saw the prosecutor standing in the road, with his hat in his hand—he told me he had been knocked down, and robbed of a half-crown, and the prisoner had run down the court; I ran into Dudley-court, and saw the prisoner out of breath; I asked him which way he came; he said, "From Crown-street"—I brought him down to High-street, and this girl and the prosecutor recognised him as being the man—High-street is at one end of Dudley-court, and Crown-street at the other end.

Prisoner's Defence. When he asked me which way I came, I said I came from Crown-street, and that I had been in a public-house, having a drop of beer; he caught hold of me, and said, "Come with me;" as soon as I got across the road, he said, "I think you are the party;" and this man said I was; and then he said he thought he had lost a half-crown, but he did not know; the man did not want to come against me, but the officer fetched him away from his work to appear against me; the policeman and the inspector went down, and were gone two hours to fetch him; he said he did not think I was the man; he had a good deal of money left when he was at the station, and why was not that taken as well as the half-crown?.





THOMAS BENNETT

re-examined. I had only one penny more.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

