



1273. 




GEORGE TURNER
 was indicted

 for a robbery, with two others, on 



James Brown, and stealing a canvas purse, and 8s. 6d.; his property.






JAMES BROWN
. I live at Tottenham. On 29th Jan., about a quarter to twelve o'clock in the day, I was going towards my own house by a footpath which leads from Silver-street to Church-rood, and the prisoner and a man named Burgess stopped me—they were standing on the footpath before me—I understand there were three, but one I could not swear to, because he was the watcher—I am quite sure the prisoner was one of them—I had seen him before—he lives in Water-lane—the prisoner clasped me round the arms, and pushed me up against the wall, and Burgess came and unbuttoned my pocket, and pulled out my purse, which contained eight shillings and one sixpence, and they both ran away—Burgess was taken and tried two sessions ago. (See Vol. 31, page 58.)

Prisoner.
Q. What can you swear to me by? A. By your face—you stood in front of me, and I saw you very plain—I cannot tell how you were dressed—I am sure you are the man.





ROBERT HAYES
. On 29th Jan., between eleven and twelve o'clock, I was clipping a hedge on the side of the footpath leading from Silver-street to Church-road—I saw Burgess and Risley, but not the prisoner—the other two were walking by themselves—they went towards Silver-street, down the footpath—I saw the prosecutor about two minutes afterwards, and he complained of being robbed.





WILLIAM WESTLEY
. I was near this footpath on the day in question, and saw the prisoner, Risley, and Burgess, all together, coming from Sweetbriar-walk, towards Silver-street—I had seen the prosecutor about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour before, going home—the men were before him—he afterwards returned, and complained of being robbed, and I went

after the three men—I found them at the bottom of Sweetbriar-walk—they saw me following them, and ran away—I ran the prisoner into his own house, and when the constable came he was gone.





JESSE LAWRENCE
 (policeman.) I took the prisoner last Saturday, when he was discharged from Hertford Gaol.

Prisoner's Defence. I was in the road, and Burgess and Risley passed me; I pulled up some cabbages, and took them home; I saw this man coming behind me 150 yards, but he never came near the house where I was; I had to go to London that night, and that was the reason they took me.




GUILTY
.* Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Justice Talfourd.

