




291. 




ALEXANDER TINNOCK
 and 




WILLIAM LESLIE



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



Joseph Bourne, and stealing 1 coat, 2 shawls, and other articles, value 17s. 10d.; his goods.



MR. O'BRIEN
conducted the Prosecution.






SARAH BOURNE
. I am the wife of Joseph Bourne, of No. 1, Newtonstreet, Holborn; he is the master of the house; it is in the parish of St. Giles in the Fields. On Thursday, 13th Jan., I and my husband went to bed at about 1 o'clock in the morning; we were the last persons up; the house was then safe—between 5 and 6 o'clock my husband awoke me, and went down stairs—he came back, and I went down, and found the parlour door open, which was locked when we went to bed—my husband saw that the lobby window was fastened the last thing, when we went to bed, and in the morning it was still shut, but there was a little hole in the window, where some instrument must have been put through, and lifted the catch up—in the parlour the papers and books were strewed all about the room, and all the things pulled out of their places, and the boxes turned out—I missed a brown cloth coat, a plaid shawl, a black and white shawl, a cloak, a German silver toothpick, a piece of brass, and some mutton, bacon, and cheese—these (produced) are the toothpick and piece of brass—I had had the toothpick about ten months—it was given to my little boy by an aunt, Mary Ann Hoslin—I had had both it and the piece of brass in my hand in the evening before I went to bed—there is no mark on the brass, but there are the same number of links to it—I had had it more than a year.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you any lodgers in the house? A. Yes; they were in bed—I did not go and look, but I am certain they were—they are all married persons with families—I do not know that there are thousands of toothpicks like this—I do not know what the piece of brass is, it was given to some of my children at school.





MARY ANN HOSLIN
. I know this toothpick—I had it seven or eight years, and made it a present to Mrs. Bourne's little boy, my nephew, about ten or twelve months ago—I have no doubt about its being the same.

Cross-examined. Q. You do not swear it is the same? A. Yes—it has a square top, and I know it quite well, and there are flowers on each side.





ROBERT M'KENZIE
 (police-inspector, F.) I received information of this robbery between 9 and 10 o'clock in the morning—I went and examined the house, and found an entry had been effected by breaking a square of glass in the staircase window, and pushing back the catch—the beading of the parlour door had been cut away with a knife, and the bolt of the lock broken with it, and an instrument, such as this hammer (produced), had been inserted between the door and the post—the staircase window looks into the yard of an adjoining public-house, No. 204, High Holborn—I went into that yard, and could trace footsteps from there up to the window, and there were nail marks on the wall and across the slates of an outhouse, which almost adjoins this window—in consequence of information I went at once, with Brown, to No. 10, Charles-street, Drury-lane, and on the second floor of that house found the prisoners and a woman—Tinnock was sitting on a chair—I directed him to dress immediately, and I saw Brown take the tooth-pick produced from the pocket of a waistcoat, which was lying on a chair close by him, which he told me was his waistcoat, and which he also put on afterwards, and the piece of brass was found on the mantel-shelf in the same room—Leslie was in bed, and Tinnock partially dressed—I directed them to dress themselves—Leslie got up and put on these boots (produced)—after taking the prisoner to the station I took these boots off him, went to the yard of No. 204, Holborn, and compared them with the marks in a puddle there, it had not been raining that night, but the marks were distinct—I made a mark with these boots beside the marks I found, compared them, and

found them to agree in every particular; I found the same number of nails in the sole, and the same number of rows of nails—I also found marks agreeing with Tinnock's shoes—there were marks of two persons in the yard—I found these lucifer matches (produced) outside the window, which was broken, four of them are burnt, and on searching the prisoners' room I found matches corresponding in colour with them—prior to leaving the prisoners' room I asked them what time they went to bed; they said about 9 o'clock—I asked the woman who was there what time the prisoners were in bed; she said she did not know—upon further searching the room I found a farthing on the mantelpiece, and another farthing in Tinnock's pocket—there were two farthings lost from the house.

Cross-examined. Q. How near were the footmarks to Mr. Bourne's house? A. No. 204 runs parallel to Mr. Bourne's—there is no yard at Mr. Bourne's—the back window at Bourne's looks into the yard of No. 204, Holborn—the footmarks were in that yard, and upon the wall there were scratches of nails, and upon the outhouse under the window—Tinnock's boots have no nails; they merely corresponded in size and shape—there were marks of them upon the roof of the outhouse, where there had been some plants planted—the coats and shawls have not been found.

MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Did Tinnock say anything about the toothpick? A. He said he got it from his sister.





JAMES BROWN
 (policeman, F 142). On 13th Jan. I went with M'Kenzie to No. 10, Charles-street, and found the prisoners and a woman there—I found this toothpick in the pocket of a waistcoat which was lying on a chair, and which Tinnock put on; Tinnock said the toothpick was given him by his sister—I saw the piece of brass and two farthings found—I was with M'Kenzie when he made the comparison of the boots; the impressions corresponded in every respect.





WILLIAM PICKETT
 (policeman, F 114). I was on duty in Newton-street, Holborn, on this night, between 3 and 4 o'clock—I saw the prisoners in company with eight or nine others at the corner of Charles-street, just at the corner of Newton-street—I ordered them away; some of them went up King-street and some up Charles-street.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to distinctly say you saw these two among the number? A. Yes; I cannot say exactly which way the prisoners went—I know them well.





SAMUEL HADFORD
. I am potman, at the Bell public house, which is next door to Mr. Bourne's. On 7th Jan. I saw the prisoner, and two others with him, in our back yard, from where there is a full view of Mr. Bourne's window—I was cleaning the parlour, I peeped through the curtain, and saw them looking at the prosecutor's house and the yard, examining the premises.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose persons often go into the back yard? A. Yes; it was about half past ten o'clock in the morning.

TINNOCK—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

LESLIE—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.





Transported for seven years.

(Policemen 42 and 142 F, stated that Leslie was a trainer of young thieves, three of whom had been transported; also, that Tinnock had been before in custody, and that he was called "The Little Wonder," because he would go through any window they could push him through.)
