



24. 




SAMUEL COLE



, feloniously uttering counterfeit coin.


MESSRS. ELLIS
and
BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL JARMAN
. I am clerk to the Solicitor for the Treasury—I produce a copy of the conviction of Samuel Cole at this Court, on 23rd Feb., 1852—it is signed by Mr. Clark—(read).





HENRY HORNE
 (policeman, K 322). I was present in this Court in Feb. last, when Samuel Cole was convicted, on his own confession, for passing bad money—he was sentenced to six months' imprisonment—the prisoner is the person.





JOHN HARMAN
. I live in Ivy-place, Hoxton, and am an ironmonger. On 18th Oct., the prisoner came to my shop, about 8 o'clock in the evening g—he asked the price of a thousand half inch tacks—I told him 2 1/2 d.—he looked in his hand, and said he had enough to pay for them—my boy served him—he then asked for another half thousand, and gave a five shilling piece, which was handed to me, and I saw it was bad—I broke it, and asked the prisoner where he got it—he said he did not know—I said, "You have not taken so many 5s. pieces to day, but you know who you took it of"—he said, "I may have had it a fortnight—he then ran off—I pursued him

along two or three streets, and he then sat down—I said, "If you will go quietly to the station with me, all is right"—he got up, and in going be threw something down—I said, "What is that?"—he said, "My halfpence"—I said we would pick them up, which we did—he then threw something again—I said we would pick them up—he said, "Never mind"—he went further, and made another attempt—I said I would have no more of that—I stopped him, and a policeman came and took him.





JAMES BRISTOR
 (policeman, N 440). I took the prisoner, and got this crown from the last witness—I asked the prisoner his address—he said, "I live anywhere, or nowhere"—I found but 2d. on him.





MARY ANN HAYDEN
. I am the wife of William Hayden, a beershop keeper, at Mile-end. On 3rd Nov., about 8 o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came for a pint of porter—I served him—he gave me a shilling—I gave him change, and he went away—after he was gone, I looked more particularly at the shilling, and found it was bad—I gave it to my husband—he kept it in his possession till the second one was offered—he gave it me back—I put a mark on it, and gave it to the officer—on Monday, 8th Nov., the prisoner came again—he had half a pint of porter, and half a screw of tobacco—he gave me another shilling—I found it was bad—I bent it in the detector—I told the prisoner he was the man who passed a bad one a few days before—he said he had not been in the house before—he ran away—I am quite sure he is the man who came the first time—my son ran after him, and brought him back—he was given into custody—I gave the last shilling to the officer—I then got the first shilling from my husband, and gave that to the officer.





WILLIAM HAYDEN
. I am the husband of the last witness. I remember her giving me a shilling on Wednesday, 3rd—she had it back again; she took it out of my pocket; I was ill in bed—I saw it was the same shilling.





JOSEPH TICKETT
 (policeman, K 170). The prisoner was given into my charge on 8th Nov.—I received these two shillings—I told him what he was taken for—he begged very hard to be let go.





WILLIAM WEBSTER
. This crown is bad; the shillings are bad, and are both from the same mould.




GUILTY
.* Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.

