



167. 




JOHN DOWER



, robbery, with others unknown, upon 



Peter Conelan, and stealing 1 umbrella and 7s. in money; his property.


MR. PLATT. conducted the Prosecution.






PETER CONELAN
. I live at Penge, in Surrey, and am a gardener. On 15th Nov., about half past 12 o'clock at night I was in Tooley-street—the prisoner came up to me—I am sure he is the man—he asked me for something to drink—I wished him to go away, but he would not—he kept staying about me; he followed me—he went away for a minute or two, and came up to me again in Tooley-street—he wanted me to give him something to drink—and another man came and joined him—I said, "Surely there is no public house open"—he said, "Yes, there is, I will find one"—he kept talking to me all the time, but I kept leering away from him—he walked more behind me than beside me—he was joined by the third party between the Town Hall and St. George's church—he said, "Surely you will give us something to drink?"—I told him there was no public house open—he said, "Yes, there is, if you will come with me, I shall find one"—he said, "Follow me"—and I followed him—he went down a court, and the man that had joined him kept behind-me, and the prisoner before me—when I entered the court, I said, "Surely there is no public house here?"—the prisoner said, "Yes, there is, I will find one"—he went on a little further—I thought I was in danger, but I thought the best way was to be as quiet as I could—the prisoner then knocked at the door of a house which appeared to me to be a private house—the door was opened, and the prisoner went in—he said, "Come on"—I went in, and the third man followed me—I gave the prisoner 1s. to get some gin, and some beer—the gin was brought in, and some was offered to me, and, from the scent, I thought it was a drug—it did not at all smell like gin—I did not take any of it—I put the beer to my lips, and tasted it, but did not like it—I did not take the gin or beer—they did not drink the beer or the gin in my presence—shortly afterwards there were twenty or thirty persons in the room—I went out of the house—my suspicion was raised, and I thought it better to leave—I left, and got a few yards from the house—I was walking on, the prisoner was close by, and there was one man slipped his hands over my head, and throttled me—I know that was not the prisoner—the prisoner was at my pocket—this was in the court, not far from the door—I might have got twenty or thirty yards—before I came out of the room I said, "I wish to go," and got off the seat that the prisoner had presented to me when I went in—some person in the house, not the prisoner, told me to stop longer—when they saw me determined to go the prisoner was close by the door—I do not know whether he opened it or not—I went out, the prisoner followed me, and the man that joined him, and two others—yes, there were four men—one was on each side of me—the prisoner was at my side, at my pocket—I am sure he was one of the men—he was rifling my pocket at the time the man seized me by the neck—and one of the men. kept hold of my other arm—the prisoner

laid hold of me—there was another man on the other side, and the man behind me that had his hand round my neck—he pressed me very tightly indeed—I could not call out—not a word—after being about my pockets, they immediately ran off in different directions—the prisoner was awere that I knew him before, so I kept by him—I stuck close by him—I called the police—the prisoner ran off, and I followed him; I laid hold of him, and kept him till a policeman came up—I did not lose sight of him—after they had gone I looked in my pocket, and missed two half crowns and 2s., and my neck handkerchief was taken away, and my umbrella and pocket handkerchief—these things were all safe after I left the house—the man that held me by the neck, and another man loosened the handkerchief from my neck—the policeman came up to me immediately—the house I was in was not a public house—it appeared quite private—the court is in Redcross-street, on the right hand side as you go from London Bridge—my proper side was the other side, but I went across with the prisoner—when the other man joined the prisoner it was not discretionary with me, it appeared quite compulsory—the turning we went in is not a cart way turning—the entrance is quite narrow, and the street is wider.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. Were you very drunk that night? A. No; not at all—during that evening I had drank some rum at a house in Tooley-street, just by the station—I do not know what time that was—it appeared I was spending the evening very comfortably—rum was the liquor I began with—I might have drank coffee before—I left Annerley nation at half past 7 o'clock, and got to London by 8 o'clock—it might be about half past 12 o'clock when I met the prisoner.

Q. How were you disposing of your time from 7 o'clock till half past 12 o'clock? A. That is my business; you have nothing to do with that—I came up to see a friend of mine—I do not know how long I was in the public house—it might be an hour after I arrived when I went into the public house—it would be impossible for me to say what time I left the public house—I went into the public house, and went back to the office to see my cousin—I was not aware what office he was in—I inquired, and they said they believed at so and so office—I went, but could not find him—I went back to the public house—I do not know how long I had left the public house before I met the prisoner—it was not immediately—it might have been an hour—I had two glasses of rum—I stopped a long while over one—after I left the public house I went to a place to get some refreshment—I did not fall asleep there—I was not in the house five minutes—it was in Tooley-street, in a coffee shop—I did not have anything there—I asked something of the waiter; he answered me in a very surly manner, and I came out—I mean to swear I only drank two glasses of rum—it was on Saturday night—I do not know what hour it was when I got to the strange house, where the twenty or thirty persons were—I never saw the prisoner before that night—when I came out of the strange house I had two half crowns and two shillings—the prisoner's hand was in my pocket, and another man's hand was in my pocket—the prisoner's hand was in the pocket where my money was—I do not know that I felt him withdraw the money—I did not feel my pocket just directly afterwards—I was rather in a curious situation—it was in Redcross-court—there was the prisoner on one side, another man opposite to him; the man that had got me by the neck, and the man that undid my handkerchief, and there were some more standing by, I do not know how many, looking on—I charged another man with this robbery, but when I charged him it was in the dark; he

was taken to the station, and discharged there; I could not swear to him; I had another man taken before the Magistrate—he came to hear the charge against the prisoner; I looked round, and said there was a man very like one—I would not take upon me to swear that was the man—I would not swear against him; he was in the Court—I said that I should be able to recognise the other three—I went to the street, met a man, gave him into custody, and he was discharged—I brought him to the station, and when he got there he declared he had nothing to do with it—I do not know that I heard him say anything in going along—I was walking close beside him—at the police court I charged another man—the Magistrate wished me to look round, and see if I could pick out any; I looked round, and said, "There is a man very like him"—from his whiskers being shaved off and from his coat I thought he was the man, but he was not taken into custody—I come to London to see my cousin—I went after this to stop with my cousin in the Kent-road—I believe there was a gas in the court where I was robbed—I mean to swear I did not lose sight of the prisoner—the men all took different directions—I, knowing the prisoner better than the others, said I should stick by him from the treatment I got—he treated me very badly—if they had kept me in that position I should have lost my life.

COURT. Q. What time did you get to town? A. About 8 o'clock—I had a friend, and he left me, and after that I went to the public house—I did not see the prisoner till he met me in Tooley-street—I was in the public house till it closed—I was standing just in the house, I did not sit down—I was turned out when they closed—that was at 12 o'clock—I then went to the coffee shop—I do not know the sign of the public house; if I went to Tooley-street I should be able to recognise the house—I expected to find my cousin at the station, but I thought some of the porters might be coming into the public house—I did not inquire for him in the public house—I knew my cousin's address in the Old Kent-road—my cousin is in some receiving office—the inspector knows him very well—his name is Hoay—I am sure I never swore to those other two persons at all.





JOHN ENGLAND
. (policeman, A 468). On that Sunday morning, 20 minutes before 3 o'clock, I heard a cry of "Stop thief!" in High-street, Borough; it appeared to be at the back of the Town Hall—there is a turning there called Golden Last-alley, which leads by the back of the Borough Market into High-street—Redcross-court is further up High-street—when I heard that cry I saw the prisoner running from Golden Last-alley.

COURT. to
PETER CONELAN. Q. You told us this house was in Redcross-court? A. Yes; I was robbed in that street; it is between the Town Hall and St. George's church—I did not see the prisoner come out of any court into the Borough.





JOHN ENGLAND
. re-examined. On hearing the cry I saw the prisoner running from Golden Last-alley, and the last witness was running after him—he was close upon him—from Golden Last-alley a person might get straight to Redcross-street—you must come out of Redcross-court into High-street, and then into this court—the prosecutor laid hold of the prisoner in my presence, gave him into my custody, and charged him with robbing him of 7s., a neck muffler, an alpaca umbrella, and a pocket handkerchief—I found on the prisoner at the station 6d., and an old fork.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know Redcross-court? A. Yes—to get from there into Golden Last-alley, you would have to go into Redcross-street,

and then into Union-street, and that would bring you back to High-street.

COURT. Q. Can you go from Redcross-street to Union-street? A. Yes, and then into the Borough, and coming down High-street, you can go into Golden Last-alley—the prosecutor did not take me to the spot—he seemed very much frightened, and complained that he had been very much hurt—he might have been drinking, I thought I could smell it—I am sure the prisoner ran—I saw him.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the prisoner sober? A. Yes, quite sober—I was with him till the charge was entered.

COURT. to
PETER CONELAN. Q. Were you robbed in the same street in which the house was? A. Yes—I ran after the prisoner—I do not know whether I got into the Borough or any other place, but when he ran I followed him, and kept very close to him—the Town Hall comes full with the Borough—the prisoner ran on one side, and ran up a passage—I ran and caught him in that passage—that might be the place the policeman might mean.




GUILTY
.
(The prisoner was further charged with having been before convicted.)





CHARLES BEAD
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(Read:" Central Criminal Court; Convicted, Feb., 1851, of an assault, with intent to rob; 
Confined nine months")—I was a constable at that time—the prisoner is the man.


GUILTY. Aged 22.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

