



672. 




JOHN RICHARDS



, burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



John Crossley, at 
St. Mary-le-Bonne, with intent to steal.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH ROSE
. I am servant to Mr. Bliss, the barrister, of No. 11, Bentinck-street, Manchester-square. On the night of 12th May, about 10 o'clock at night, I saw the prisoner at the door of No. 12, which is opposite, trying to open the private door with a latch key—after he had tried twice, he turned away as if he was waiting to be let in, but as he did not knock or ring, I watched, him—he went away—he afterwards returned, tried the door a third time, it opened—he went in and shut the door after him—I told the landlord's daughter, and a policeman was called.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. Might not it have been earlier than 10 o'clock? A. No; I went out on an errand at 10 minutes to 10 o'clock, and had come back—I was in the street, waiting to be let in—I do not know how he opened the door.

MR. PATNE. Q. Did he knock or ring? A. No; before be tried to open the door I saw him put his hand in his coat pocket.





JOHN CROSSLEY
. I live at No. 12, Bentinck-street, with my wife and family, and a lady lodger. No male person lives in the house but myself—I know the room in which the prisoner was found; it is Mrs. Wright's bedroom, the lodger—she has not a latch key—a latch key which was found in that room has been shown to me, it does not belong to the house—the door, when closed, can only be opened with a Bramah key.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you have applied the key to the lock? A. I have not; I have compared it with my own (produced)—it exactly corresponds—Mrs. Wright is not here—she has lived with me about two months, and lives there still—she always rings or knocks when she comes in; Indies never carry latch keys—my servant lets her in, and not me—I am very much at home—Mrs. Wright does not very often come home late.

COURT. Q. What are you? A. A perfumer—Mrs. Wright is about thirty-five years of age, and is a respectable lady, an officer's widow; she was presented at Court at the last drawing-room.





JOHN BROWNING
 (policeman, D 132). On 13th May I was called to No. 12, Bentinck-street—I went to the second floor front, a bedroom, and when I got to the top of the stairs, the prisoner opened the door of that room (he could have heard me coming up stairs)—I asked him what he was doing there—he said he was waiting for a gentleman—I took him to the station, searched him, and found these two keys on him (produced), and several lucifer matches—he said he was a painter—neither of these keys will open the street door—I went back to the house about half an hour afterwards with another constable, and saw him find a key behind a box near the door of the room where the prisoner had been—it opens the door of the house.

COURT. Q. Who was in the room where that key was found? A. The lady of the house; not the lady who lodges there.


MR. SLEIGH
to
JOHN CROSSLEY. Q. Was Mrs. Wright at home on this night? A. No; she did not come home for an hour afterwards, at the least—if the prisoner had been there at her invitation, I should not have known of it; but she was dining out that day.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Was she at home when the policeman found the key? A. No—there was no gentleman that the prisoner could he waiting for; we had no gentleman in the house—it is in the parish of St. Mary-le-Bonne.

JURY. Q. Was there any property in the room? A. Yes, all the lady's trinkets and jewellery were on the table; the box in the room was full of things, and was not locked—I do not know the prisoner at all—I did not allow the lady a latch key—we have two keys to the street door; my wife keeps the other one—she is not here—I have not seen the other key in her possession since this transaction, but I presume she has it still.





GEORGE MASTERS
 (policeman). I went with Browning to the house after the prisoner was in custody, and found this key lying on the floor behind a box, close to where the prisoner had been standing—I fitted it to the lock, and it opened the door.




GUILTY
.

The prisoner was further charged with having been before confided.






CHARLES ROBERTS
 (policeman, D 107). I produce a certificate—(read: "Central Criminal Court. John Wilson, convicted November, 1850, of larceny in a dwelling house. 
Confined Six Months")—I was present—the prisoner is the person—he had also been summarily convicted before that.

GUILTY. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Yeats.

