



1506. 




SAMUEL EATON



, breaking and entering the dwelling—house of 



William Upton, and stealing 17 yards of cloth and other articles, value 20l. 1s.; his goods.


MR. W. J. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM UPTON
. I am a tailor, of 48, Tabernacle-walk, in the parish of St. Luke's. On 6th June I went to bed about 11 o'clock at night—the window of my cutting—room was shut to with a catch—the shutters were shut to, but not fastened—about 3 next morning I was aroused by the ringing of a bell—I came down, and found my cutting—room window open, and the back—door also—the cutting-room is on the ground—floor—I went intothe front shop, and found the window cleared—I missed about seven yards of doth, six yards and a half of velvet, some kerseymere, some umbrellas, coats, and other things—they bad been safe the night before—I had seen the prisoner.

Cross-examined by
MR. COCKH. Q. Have you any partner? A. No; I have lived in that house thirteen or fourteen years—I have four children, my wife, and myself, sleeping there—I have been without a servant for a short time—my daughter, my wife, or myself, close the house—I closed the cutting—room window on the night of 6th June—I think I was the last person up, I am not certain—I cannot say that I had closed all the doors and windows that night—I know they were closed—I know I closed the cutting-room window—it had been open during the day—I put the shutters to myself.





JOHN MACKMIN
. I am Mr. Upton's brother—in—law, and live at 51, Tabernacle—walk. I am a linen—draper—about half—past two o'clock on the morning of 7th June I heard a great noise in the street—I opened my bed-room window, and saw some people in the street—I asked what was the matter, and they could not tell me—I opened my back window, and saw some goods at the back of my premises, which turned out to be my brother—in—law's.





JOHN RUDRUM
 (policeman, G 232). I was in Tabernacle—walk about 3 o'clock—I saw the prisoner drop from a wall in Branch—buildings, about three or four doors from the prosecutor's, with a parcel—Branch—buildings runs parallel with the back—yards of the houses—he saw me, and ran down the buildings—I ran after him to the bottom, and he jumped over another

wall—I caught him by the leg as he was getting over; but in consequence of his being so far over, I was obliged to let go, and he escaped—I saw him on the wall—it was the same person who had dropped from the wall that I caught—I found he had dropped this piece of cloth—I went to the prosecutor's, and sprang my rattle—more assistance came—I went to the station, and found him in custody about 20 minutes past 3—I found on him this chisel and some lucifer-matches—this jemmy was found in a garden about two doors on the other side of the prosecutor's, not the way the prisoner had come—two other men made their escape, and most likely they dropped it.





JAMES COPE
 (policeman, G 175). I was in Paul—street, about 100 yards from the prosecutor's—I heard the spring of a rattle, and the cry of "Stop thief!"—I saw the prisoner running in a direction from the prosecutor's towards me, till there was a street on his left hand; he turned up there—I ran after him, caught him, and asked him what he had been doing—he replied, "Nothing much"—I took him to the station.





WILLIAM UPTON
. This cloth is mine; I had cut it only a day or two before, and it measures just the same length as mine.




GUILTY
. Aged 31.

The prisoner was further charged with having before been convicted: to which he pleaded



GUILTY.—


Transported for Ten Years
.
