



394. 




EDWARD LEE



 stealing 1 hearth-rug, value 1l.; the goods of 




Thomas Ayres and another: having been before convicted (See page 373.)


MR. RIBTON
conducted the prosecution.






JOHN AYRE
 (policeman, T 2). I know the prisoner—he lives at 2, Plantation-place, Hammersmith—on 26th Dec. I went to his place to take him, on suspicion of another robbery—his mother opened the door, and denied his being at home—I obtained an entrance, and found the prisoner there—I searched the room he was sitting in, the down-stairs back room, and found a chisel—I asked him to show me to his room—he took me up-stairs to his mother's room—I saw female wearing-apparel in the room and said, "This is not your room; it is your mother's room—he said, No; I sleep at the back; I sleep here;" and took me into the back room, saying, "I thought you wanted to came in here first"—I searched his room, and found this hearth-rug under the bed, rolled up—the prisoner's mother was there, and said, in his hearing, before I said anything, "That is my rug; don't take that away"—I asked where she got it from—she said she bought it of a man at the door—I said, "How long ago?"—she said, "About three months"—I said, "What did you give for it?"—she said, "About 5s. or 5s."—immediately afterwards she said she give 6s. 6d. for it—Sergeant Low, who was with me, said, You did not give 6s. 6d.;" and then the prisoner said, "No, mother; it was 5s. 6d."—Sergeant Low said, "Were you present when it was purchased?"—he said, "Yes"—I took the rug away with me.

Cross-examined by
MR. ROBINSON. Q. You have paraded before us another charge about a chisel; was not the prisoner acquitted upon that? A. Yes—I have been seven years in the police, and have repeatedly heard that I have no right to make allusion to other charges—I did not state all this to the Magistrate—this is my signature to these depositions—(the deposition being read, merely stated, "I apprehended the prisoner on another charge; I searched his bedroom, and found the hearth-rug produced")—she did not tell me the name of the man she bought it of: I swear that—

I have heard that his name is Rochford, but not from the prisoner or his mother—I know that there is such a person.

MR. RIBTON. Q. Was it on Christmas-day you were before the Magistrate? A. The day after; that was a totally different charge to this—I was not asked the particulars of these conversations—the prisoner is a sawyer, and lives with his father, who is a sawyer—I saw no one but his father, and mother, and him, in the house.





THOMAS AYRES
. I am a pawnbroker, of King-street, Hammersmith. This rug is my property, I am quite certain—I can swear positively that it was in my possession on 3rd Dec.—I missed it on the morning of the 4th, and gave information to a constable immediately—the prisoner has been a customer occasionally at my shop—I swear this rug has not been sold—it is worth 1l.

Cross-examined. Q. How many persons have you in your service? A. Three; they are occasionally in the habit of selling things for me—I have had this rug three or four months at least—here are the same marks on it as were on mine, but my private mark has been taken off—this mark on the back, "14," was on my rug—I believe it means the size—it is the wholesale-house mark—here is also a "2;" that probably is the quality, and is the manufacturer's mark—the "14" is apparently made with a pen, and the "2" with a stamp—this is the "14" I mean (pointing to it)—it is not "T. A.," for Thomas Ayres.





JOHN AYRE

re-examined. This mark is "T. A."—it was made by me at the police-court—it means "Thomas Ayres."





THOMAS AYRES
 (continued). This mark was shown to me at the police-court—my private mark was on a piece of paper—here is the mark where the string went through—I also know it by having it in my possession three or four months—I entered it as lost on the 4th—my book is not here—I am sometimes away from business—it would be the duty of a person selling it in my absence, to tell me, and I should have missed it if it had been sold—I am sure it was not sold—I was in the business all day on the 3rd—the string by which it hung up, was to it at the police-court—it is gone now—I do not know a man named Rochford, of Hammersmith

MR. RIBTON. Q. There are no other marks on it? A. No; looking at it generally I am able to swear positively it is mine, it is a very peculiar pattern, and is faded by being hung outside so long—I swear it was hanging on the cornice above the window on the morning of 3rd Dec.—there were other rugs hung out, but not of this description—I missed it and informed the police, independent of my book.

COURT. Q. Who do you employ? A. One young man and two lads—the young man is at liberty to sell without my knowledge, but he only sells in my absence—he took the things in that night—he gave me no information of it being missing till the next morning at breakfast—his name is Henry Forster—he is not here—I purchased it of Dowling, of Shoreditch, with others, but only one of this description—it continually passed through my hands for two or three months—sometimes I hung it out myself, and I have several times shown it to customers—I know a pawnbroker named Rochford, but not in Hammersmith—I never sold him any rugs—I do not know that I had noticed a mark on this rug which I could not make out, but I swear I saw similar marks to these on the rug I had on 3rd Dec.






MART LEE
. The prisoner is my son—I purchased a. rug of a man at the door, to the best of my recollection, about four or five weeks before Christmas, but I have been very ill—I am a fifty-five years old, and am paralysed—the back-part of this rug appears like it, but I thought it was a different pattern, but the rug the policeman took away was it—I did not know the man's name when the policeman came, my husband has found it out since—the man asked me 6s. for it, and I gave him, 5s—I was extremely ill on the day the policeman came, and denied my husband and son being at home, as I was not able to do anything for myself, and did not want them to be taken away, as there would be nobody to cook my dinner for me.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. Did you ever see the man before? A. No, nor since, till this morning—I did not ask whether he was a dealer in such articles; his appearance was such—he bad no other, articles in my passage, but he might have outside—it was between eleven and twelve o'clock in the morning—I would not have given 15s. for it—I gave the 5s. without examining it closely—I did not want it, it was such a gaudy looking thing—the rent of our house is 16l. a year, there are four rooms and a washhouse—I purchased the rug for the little front-parlour—I had a rug there but it was getting very bare—the parlour was in a damp state and I told my son, who was in the kitchen washing his hands, to take it up-stairs into the dry-room till it was wanted—the other rooms had not had a fire in them some time and were very damp—it remained rolled up in the well of the sofa bedstead in which my son slept, to keep it dry—I did not know what the policeman wanted my husband and son for—I thought some words might have arisen among the workmen at the pay-table. when they were paid their wages—after he told me it was on suspicion of burglary I said "Come in and search the house all over in every part, for I am sure I have, got nothing that does not belong to me"—I did not tell him that my son had not been at home all night—the rug remained in the well of the bedstead, night and day for three, four, or five weeks—I considered that the best place to keep it from the dust and, damp—I once dragged it a little way from the wall, as far as the state of my hands enabled me; it rained so hard that I thought it would penetrate—the bed is against a damp wall—the house is very damp altogether—I never took it out to give it an airing, not even to look at it.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. How long have you lived in the house? A. Twelve years; I never bought such a rug before—I did not fully examine it on account of, my hands; if I had not thought it cheap I should not have purchased it—I do not always, have a fire in the front parlour; that is the reason it is so damp—this rug would be used more in summer than in winter—this was on Christmas-eve—the moment I knew the charge was dishonesty I told the policeman he might come in and search—I told him to open my cupboards, and gave him liberty to search every part.

COURT. Q. In what part of the house did you buy the rug? A. At the street-door, inside the passage—the kitchen opens into the passage—my son was in the kitchen; I cannot say whether he was. near, enough to hear what passed; he might be;, he had been in for some time, but did not wash his hands when first he came in—lam sure the man with the rug did not come to the door at the same time as my son—my son had

been working at the Great Exhibition the week before—he was not at work at this time, but was expecting to go back soon—when I spoke about disputes about pay, I meant I was referring to where my husband works at Hounslow; he was at work at that time.
(Rochford being called, did not appear.)





JAMES LEE
. I am the prisoner's father. At the time he was apprehended, I knew nothing of the name of the person of whom the rug was bought—I have since made inquiries, in consequence of which I served this subpoena (produced) last night upon a person named Rochford, in the tap-room of the British Queen—I saw him here when I first came this morning, at half-past nine o'clock—I cannot say whether he has heard any of the observations you addressed to the Jury.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you speak to him this morning? A. Yes, I asked him how long he had been here, and be said, "Twenty minutes;" that was all I said to him—I saw him last Tuesday night, I think, at my solicitor's, Mr. Jones, at Hammersmith—I never knew him before that—I had been told his name, I cannot tell who by; and that he lived next door to Mr; Brazier, the sweep—I went there from Mr. Jones's on Tuesday night, and inquired for him—I had never heard his name before; but Mr. Jones told me to go, and I went, and took him back with me—he told me that he was a bird-catcher.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Was the subpoena served in consequence of anything that took place at Mr. Jones's that night? A. No; but since then it was thought necessary to serve one on him, which was done last night.

COURT. Q. What time was it last Tuesday when you Went to Mr. Jones's? A. I think it was about nine o'clock in the evening, as near as I can remember—I had to wait half an hour to see Mr. Jones, and then went to Rochford's—I knew his name then; Mr. Jones told it me—I swear that—I had not mentioned his name to Mr. Jones, and did not know him—I fetched him to Mr. Jones's that Same evening—Mr. Jones asked him a few questions, and he answered them—I did not notice whether Mr. Jones took down his answers—he was at Mr. Jones's half an hour—I do not know how I came to lose sight of Rochford this mornings—I did not think I ought to keep him with me—I did not hear, from my son, of the rug being purchased; nor from my wife—the first time I saw it was the day it was taken out of the house. MR. RIBTON
called






JOHN AYRE
 (policeman, T 2). When I went to the prisoner's house, Mrs. Lee was asked by sergeant Low, in my presence, whether Mr. Lee lived there; she said, "Yes;" the sergeant said, "Is he at home?" she said, "No;" I said; "Is your son at home?" she said, "No;" I said, "Does he live here?" she said, "Yes;" I asked her when he was at home; she hesitated, and said, "Not all last night" I asked her when she expected him home; she said she did not know, for he was gone to dine with a friend at Sandsend, she thought—I suspected he was at home, walked through the passage, and found him sitting in the back down-stairs room—I had not told her he was charged with burglary before I went in; nor did she say to me, "Pray walk in;" the rug was not where she states; there is a well to the bed, but it was not in the well; it was lying on the floor, quite close to the wall, under

the bed—it could not be seep till the bedstead was removed—the well did not reach to the ground—the rug was. between the well and the wall, outside—sergeant Low is not here.

Cross-examined. Q. You bad to lift the mattresses, up, and put them on the floor? A. Yes; the bed was not made—the did not appear to have been moved for some, time, nor the under-mattresses; they laid so very hard; and there were cobwebs at the of the bedstead, and dust at the end of the mattresses—I should say, from the cobwebs, that the bed had not been moved for mouths—I was, obliged to move it before I could get to the, rug, but it might have been put; in neath, and pushed up at the back of? the bed—if I had gone on my knees, and looked between the bed and the wall, I might have seen it.





JOHN SOOTNEY
 (police-sergeant, T 21) I was at the at Hammersmith, when a charge was made against the prisoner—as I took him down to the cell, he said, "Sergeant Scotney you ought go and take young Rochford in custody;" I said, "Indeed;" he said, "Yes, I bought the hearthrug of him, and I am charged with stealing it. I don't see why I should suffer for other people; if you will take him into custody you will very much oblige me."

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Have you been, in the Court during the whole time? A. No, I have been in twenty minutes or half an hour—I came in when the prisoner's mother came in, when you were addressing the Jury.





CHARLES MOORE
 (policeman, T 165) I produce a certificate—(read—Edward Lee, convicted of larceny, March, 1849; confined three months)—I was present, the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY
. ** Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Russell Gurney, Esq., and the third Jury.

