





853. 




JOHN GARRETT
 and 




JAMES MURPHY



, robbery on 



George Sapseid, and stealing from his person part of a watch chain, value 2l.; his property: to which


GARRETT



PLEADED GUILTY
. Aged 22.





MR. TINDAL ATKINSON

conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE SAPSEID
. I am a glass engraver, of Charles-street, Grosvent square. On the night of 8th Sept., about 12o'clock or half past, I was walking up Bruton-street, Berkeley-square, turned under an archway for a necessary purpose, and Garrett came up to me (I was sober)—he put his arms round my throat, compressed it, and pulled me on my back on the ground—I saw my watch chain safe when I went there—it was an Albeit chain, through my button hole—while my throat was being pressed, Murphy came up, looked me in the face, and then knocked me over the eyes and mouth while Garrett held me—I was half down, there were gas light on each side, one in Bruton-street and the other by the Mews, sufficient to enable me to see a person's face—Murphy took hold of my chain, and snapped it off; I both saw and felt him do it—some police officers came to my assistance, and when the prisoners heard them coming, one of them left me, and Murphy was walking away when a policeman caught hold or him—they were both taken within half a dozen yards of where it happened—I this (produced) is the piece of my chain.





WILLIAM WILSON
 (policeman, C 101). On the night of 8th Sept., abort a quarter past 12 o'clock, I heard a groaning; which appeared to come from Barlow-mews; I ran down Bruton-street, came opposite the Mews, saw the prosecutor on his back struggling and kicking; and the prisoners on him; Murphy was leaning on his chest, and Garrett was standing over him—I took Murphy within three yards of the spot—I never lost sight of him; Garrett turned to the right, and came into Bond-street—I searched Murphy, and found these two knives on him (produced.)

Murphy. Q. Did you see me in the Mews? A. Yes, but I did not take you into custody there.





MORRIS ROBERTSON
 (policeman, C 163). I was in Barlow-mews, and heard a great groaning and calling out—when I got about twenty yards on, I saw three persons scuffling—I got within five yards of them, and saw Garrett walking away to the right, towards Bond-street—another constable at that time was facing him, and the prosecutor was on the ground—I made for Garrett, and took him into custody, and Wilson crossed the road and took Murphy.

COURT. Q. What state was the prosecutor in? A. He seemed to suffer very much from his chest and face.

COURT to WILLIAM WILSON. Q. What did Murphy do when you took him? A. He took hold of a post, with his arms round it, and said, "What do you want with me? I am innocent"—he said that he would go quietly with me if I would let him—Garrett said something about a third man, his companion, getting away, but he did not say that Murphy had nothing to do with it.

Murphy a Defence (written). On the night of the 7th instant, at a quarter past 12 o'clock (I had been to see some relations at Marylebone in the afternoon), I was crossing Oxford-street to go home to Westminster, when I heard a noise; I went down the street where the noise was, when I was surrounded by several policemen; one caught me by the collar, and began to strike and ill-use me very badly; I asked them not to ill-use me, and I would go with them quietly if they had anything against me; the

prisoner Garrett, on arriving at the station house, made a statement that I was not the party who had been with him, and that I was an innocent man, and that his mate had escaped; now, my Lord and gentlemen, this is a very hard case against me; I happened, as I have told you, to be unfortunately in the neighbourhood at the time, and was taken into custody, but that is no reason why I am guilty.





WILLIAM WILSON

re-examined. I am quite sure that the man I took was the man I saw on the prosecutor's breast—if there was a third man, I must have seen him.




GUILTY
.

Murphy was further charged with having been before convicted.






MARK LOOME
 (police sergeant). I produce a certificate—(Read: "Central Criminal Court; James Murphy, Convicted of burglary, April, 1852;having been before convicted; 
Transported for ten years")—I was present—Murphy is the same man—he has been home about two months.


GUILTY. Aged 24.—


Transported for Twenty Years. (Henry Attwood, policeman, F 152, stated that Garrett had been transported, and was a ticket of leave man, and the associate of notorious thieves.)

GARRETT—


Transported for Twenty Years.

