



1184. 




ELLEN KILLGRIFF



, stealing 16 sovereigns, 1 half sovereign, 1 six-pence, 15l. bank-note, 1 pawnbroker's ticket, 1d., and 1 piece of paper, 1d.; the property of 



Joseph Fountain Bools, her master, in his dwelling-house.






JOSEPH FOUNTAIN BOOLS
. I keep a lodging-house, in Shorter-street, Wellclose-square; it is in the parish of St. George-in-the-East; the prisoner was in my service from 13th March till 19th April. On 18th April she had liberty to go and see her friends—she was at my house in the morning—I was not at home when she went away—on Saturday morning, 19th April, she was brought back at two o'clock, by three policemen—she was not sober—I ordered her up-stairs to bed—I hold a situation, and I left home at five that morning—I returned home to dinner at four in the afternoon, and my wife said she was lying in bed beastly intoxicated—I ordered her out of the house, but she begged me to let her stop till she got sober—my lodger interfered for her, and I finally consented for her to stop till her week was up—I returned home again that evening at a quarter before nine; she was up and was getting her tea—I then went to my cash-box and put three sovereigns into it, which made 21l. 10s. 6d. in it—there was a 5l.-note, 16l. 10s. in gold, and a sixpence in silver, and five duplicates belonging to a lodger of mine, who is gone to sea—I had the care of them—there were references and papers in the box—the box was between the flock-bed and the palliasse, in the front parlour—I went out again about nine, and returned at a quarter before eleven—the prisoner was then gone—I did not see her any more till 24th April, at the White Horse public-house—I looked for my cash-box immediately and found it was gone and all that it contained—all that I have seen since is this duplicate that was in it—there were five duplicates, only this one is found, which is for a watch and guard—I am quite positive this was in the cash-box; I had all out, with the money on the Saturday evening, and found there was a

half-sovereign missing—I never saw the prisoner with a ling while she was in my service.





CAROLINE SMALLWOOD
. I live at the police-station—I searched the prisoner—I found one duplicate in her pocket, one in her bosom, and nine in a little bag—this one was in her dress-pocket—I took these two rings from her fingers—I found on her 3s. 10d. in money.





WILLIAM HOGAN
 (police-sergeant, H 40). I was at the station when the prisoner was brought in—she had this stocking in her band—when she was removed, she left it on the form on one side of her—that was before she was searched—after she was locked-up I found in the stocking two sovereigns, and 4s. 10d. in silver—the next morning she came in from her cell and demanded the property taken from her the night before, and this stocking with two sovereigns in it—I said, "There was more than two sovereigns in it"—she said, yes, there was a few shillings, and it was her money.





MARY ANN PARSONS
. I live in Holywell-lane, Shoreditch; the prisoner lodged with me twelve months back. On the 20th April she came to my house in a cab with a stranger—she alighted from the cab and said she had been married that morning—she said I must have something to drink and she went into the King John, which is next door to me—I went in with her, she changed a sovereign there—she said she had paid the cab man a sovereign, and she had the balance of it, 17s. 6d.—she left, me 10s., and I paid it her back the next day.

Prisoner. You know I was a very hardworking woman in your house, and I paid my rent. Witness. You were just and honest—you were too hardworking, because you let other people enjoy it.





JOHN WOKLEY
. I am barman at the White Horse, in Shoreditch; on Easter-Monday the prisoner came there with two or three others—I changed a sovereign for her.

Prisoner's Defence. I had the money from the father of my children; I have had three children by him; I don't wish to mention his name; I swept up this duplicate in the dust-pan on Saturday morning; I know nothing of the money.




GUILTY
. Aged 39.—


Transported for Seven Years.

