




1053. 



JOHN LOVE
 and 




JOSEPH STEVENS



, breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Henry Ade, and stealing 4 shillings, 100 3d.-pieces, and other coins; his moneys.



MESSRS. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM HENRY ADE
. I keep the Wheat Sheaf, in Baker-street, in the parish of Enfield. On 16th May I went to bed soon after twelve o'clock at night, leaving the door barred, locked, and perfectly safe—I got up at a quarter before six, and found the bar door inside the house broken open—I missed from the till four shillings, six sixpences, six 4d.-pieces, and about 5s.-worth of copper; and from a little box in a bureau a hundred 3d.-pieces, which I had seen safe before I went to bed—one of the 3d.-pieces was black on both sides, one side not so black as the other, and there was a little mark like a T, but it was not perfect—this is it (produced)—I saw it there over-night—it lay at the top some days, and I noticed it particularly—I found a window open at the back of the house—it was close to the ground—a pane of glass had been broken out of it before—the glass was quite cleared away—I could put my head in, but not my shoulders—a man could put his hand in and open the window from the outside—I am sure the hasp was fastened.

Stevens. Q. How many times did the policeman bring the 8d.-piece before you could swear to it? A. I swore to it directly I saw it, and expressed no doubt about it.





JOHN PULLEN
. I am ostler, at the Wheat Sheaf—I know the prisoners. On 16th May Stevens was there all the evening—he left between nine and ten—he had been in the habit of frequenting the house, and must have often passed the window where the pane was out—he asked for Nanny Love (Love goes by that name)—I said I had not seen him, it was very likely he had gone to the Fallow Buck—Stevens went out of the tap-room with another man, and turned that way.





JAMES FREEMAN
. I keep the Fallow Buck, at Clay-hill, Enfield. I know Love—he was at my house on 16th May, between nine and ten o'clock—I heard some one call out, "Nanny Love," somebody answered—I saw both prisoners in the same room that evening—they left about two o'clock, both at the same time—I believe my house is about a mile and a half from the Wheat Sheaf—I kept open late that night as it was the first day of my having the house, and I never was in the business before—there were twelve or fourteen people—they all went away together.

Love. Q. Were there not twenty people? A. Not then—I did not exactly see you together, but there was not two minutes between you as you all went out.





ROBERT CORNS
. I live in Baker-street—my timber-yard adjoins the garden of the Wheat Sheaf—my house is about fifty yards from the Wheat Sheaf. On this Friday morning, about three o'clock, I had been oat of bed about ten minutes, I heard a noise, as if some one was at my timber—I opened the window, and saw two men going from the back of the Wheat Sheaf, up Mr. Cracknell's garden, which leads from Mr. Ade's garden—it is not a thorough foot-path—the tallest had rather lighter clothes than the other—I could not see him, as it was not light—they resembled the prisoners in height—I had not known the prisoners before—Cracknell's garden is separated from the Wheat Sheaf by a fence, five feet high—I heard them open the gate at the top of Mr. Cracknell's garden, and shut it, to go into Churchbury-road.





GEORGE HORLOCK
. I keep the Bell, in Baker-street, Enfield—Love lodged at my house. On Thursday night, 16th May, he did not sleep at home—he did not come home till next evening, between eight and nine o'clock.

Love. Q. Was not it impossible for me to get in after you shut up the house? A. Yes; I shut it up between eleven and twelve—you never stopped out before—you had only lived there five or six nights.






SARAH PAUL
. I am wife of William Paul, who keeps the Woodman beer-house, Baker-street, Enfield—I know Stevens—I know Love by sight, not by name. On 17th May, about half-past eight in the evening, Stevens came—I served him with a pint of beer—he gave me a 3d.-piece—I noticed that it was very black—I paid it to Mr. Lines for a pint of oil, half an hour afterwards—this produced is it—I took two 3d.-pieces of Stevens, but the other was not at all like this.





CHARLES HENRY LYNE
. I live with my father, a grocer, in Baker-street, Enfield. Mrs. Paul gave me this 3d.-piece for some oil—just as she was going out I chopped it on the edge with a knife, and put it into the till—there was no other 3d.-piece there—it was about half-past nine in the evening—I saw my mother go to the till afterwards.





SUSANNAH MARY LYNE
. I am the mother of the last witness. On 17th May, after ten o'clock, I went to the till, and found a very black 3d.-piece—I took it out and put it into my pocket—Sergeant Watkins came in a little time after, and I gave it to him—this is it—I had no other 3d.-piece—they are not very common.





RICHARD WATKINS
. I am a police-sergeant of Enfield. On 17th May I went to the Woodman with Sergeant Collins, and saw Stevens there—Collins took Stevens into custody—I then went to Mrs. Lynes', about a quarter-past ten, and got the 3d.-piece from her which I have produced—I went with Collins to the Fox—Love came in, and I took him into custody, searched him, and found on him two shillings, five sixpences, five 3d.-pieces, a knife, and a halfpenny—I asked him where he got the money from—he said, "I shall not tell you, that is my business."

Love. Q. Is that all I told you? A. You said the money was yours.





JOHN COLLINS
 (police-sergeant, N 24). On Friday morning, 17th May, I examined Mr. Ade's premises, and found the back-parlour window open—the bar-door had been opened with a crow-bar or chisel—I apprehended Stevens, and found on him a 3d.-piece, a sixpence, six halfpence, and three farthings—he said he got them in London—I received this 3d.-piece from Mrs. Paul.

Love's Defence. I had saved up 3d.-pieces at different times, and the other silver I worked for.

Stevens' Defence. I earned the money I had in London.

LOVE—


NOT GUILTY
.

STEVENS—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

