




724. 




TIMOTHY M'CARTHY
 and 




JAMES COLEMAN
 were indicted for

a robbery on 



William Palmer Wills, and stealing from his person 1 hat, value 5s.; and 2s. 6d.; his property.


MR. ROBINSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM PALMER WILLS
. I am a writer and grainer, and live in Granby-street, Hampstead-road. On Monday morning, 14th June, between 12 and 1 o'clock, I was going towards home—two females accosted me at the corner of Brook-street—I passed them by, and they muttered something—the prisoners ran out—M'Carthy pinioned my arms while Coleman put his hands into my waistcoat pocket—I called "Police!" and received a violent blow from Coleman on the right side of my head with some blunt instrument—I cried "Murder!"—it knocked me down; my clothes were completely deluged in blood—I immediately got on my legs, seized M'Carthy, and called "Murder!" and "Police!" as fast as I could, and held him till a policeman came up—I lost a half crown and my hat—I had drank nothing but my supper beer, and knew perfectly well what I was about; I had been at a friend's house, not at a public house—next day I went to the police office to give my evidence, and saw Coleman there—he was disguised (he wore a dark jacket on the Sunday night)—he came up to me, and said, "About that affair of that young M'Carthy: he is a young hardworking man, and I hope you will make it up"—I said, "Make it up?" and instantly recognized him and went for an officer—I have not the least doubt that Coleman is the man that struck me.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Were you sober? A. I was not quite sober, of course, because I had been drinking; this happened almost

momentarily after the women accosted me—no one came up before I got up and caught hold of M'Carthy—it was a very dull night, it had been raining—M'Carthy was behind me with his arm round my waist when I received the blow—I could not see his features then, not till I got hold of him—he did not say he had merely come up—I was not on the ground a minute.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. A. How long did it all occupy? A. It might have been three or four minutes from their first laying hold of me; I had never seen Coleman before—he did not speak a word—there was no person with me next day when he spoke to me—it was outside the police court—there were no policemen at hand—I went in and gave a description of the party—if I had called, I do not think the police were within hearing; I did not try—I did not lay hold of the man—I have never told the policemen, Crebo or Westlake, that I could not swear to Coleman—I have had no conversation with a person named Riley; I do not know such a person—I had no conversation with him at the police court, to my knowledge—I did not offer to take 5l. not to prosecute this matter—some parties came and asked me to take some refreshment at an eating house, and a party came and said, "You had better square it up"—it was neither of the prisoners—I said, "I do not know you"—he said, "About that affair"—I said, "I do not know anything about it, the law must take its course; I do not intend to have anything to do with it"—I have not stated to any of the witnesses that I did not know who struck the blow; that I swear.

JURY. Q. When Coleman spoke to you, and said you had better make it up, was it before or after you had been into the court? A. Before; I had not been into the court at all—I was pacing up and down the court because I did not feel well—I had suffered considerable violence, and was suffering at that time.

MR. ROBINSON. Q. Are you quite confident who struck the blow? A. I am; it was Coleman, and M'Carthy pinioned my arms.





WILLIAM MARTIN
 (policeman, S 316). On the morning in question I was at the corner of Fitzroy-place, about 150 yards from this spot—I heard a cry of "Police!" and went to Brook-street—the prisoner Coleman passed me in Fitzroy-place, running, before I heard the cry—he came in a direction from that part of Brook-street where I afterwards saw blood on the pavement—I went up, and found Wills holding M'Carthy—he gave him into my charge—Wills was bleeding from the head, and his coat (produced) is covered with blood.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. In what state was the prosecutor? A. He was drunk, but he appeared to be perfectly aware of what he was about—he told me at the station he did not know who struck the blow, but when he was at the court he recognised the prisoner.

COURT. Q. Was it you he spoke to after Coleman accosted him? A. Yes; I went outside, but did not find the person he mentioned—I am quite sure Coleman is the man that passed me, and that he was running from the spot—I knew him before quite well.





JOHN WESTLAKE
 (policeman, S 333). I received information from William Martin, and on Monday night saw Coleman entering the Adam and Eve public house—I told him I wanted him for that affair which happened in the New-road last night, or early that morning—he said, "What affair? I know nothing of it, so help me God! I was in bed last night by 10 o'clock."





ROBERT CREBO
 (policeman, E 41). I know the prisoners—on Sunday, 13th June, I saw them together, about half-past 10 o'clock, at Bath-place, at the corner of Tottenham-court-road and the New-road, and again, about

half-past 12, in Fitzroy-market—I followed them about 200 yards, to the corner of the Hampstead-road, which is about 150 yards from the corner of Brook-street—I did not see them afterwards.
(Richard Hewitt, fruit-seller, and Daniel Bryan, shoemaker, gave M'Carthy a good character; and—Callahan, labourer, of 6, Fitzroy-place, gave Coleman a good character.)

M'CAHTHY—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

COLEMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.





Transported for Ten Years.

