




1715. 




JOHN CLENESLEY
 and 




THOMAS DOWLING



, stealing 44lbs. weight of leaden pipe, value 15s.; the goods of 



William Pocock: fixed to a building: to which


DOWLING pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—



Confined Twelve Months.
MR. W. J. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






DAVID CAMPBELL
 (policeman, F 281.) On 5th July I was on duty in Coleshill-street, Chelsea. About a quarter before 4 o'clock in the morning I heard a noise at the back of No. 22—I went, and found the two prisoner

in the wash-house—I had to pass the wash-house window, and distinctly saw the two prisoners—Clenseley was in the act of cutting the pipe—it was fixed in the wash-house—I entered the wash-house, and Dowling immediately made a bolt to the front kitchen, and got away—Clenseley turned round, and I perceived be had got this knife in his hand—I attempted to secure him—he made a desperate resistance, and dragged me into the kitchen; he got away, but I pursued him, and he was taken—I found this portion of pipe lying in the wash-house on the ground against the wall, and this small piece is the piece he was cutting.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. What is this house? A. A private house; it is undergoing repair—this pipe was to convey water to the cistern or water-butt—it was quite light—I am sure it was not Dowling who was cutting the pipe—I found this knife at Clenseley's feet—I saw it in his hand; I did not see him drop it—I found it in the area afterwards—I cannot say whether it was near Dowling's jacket—I did not find the jacket—I found this small piece of lead pipe.





ALFRED CARTER
 (policeman, V 149.) I went into the kitchen, and found this lead-pipe cut in small pieces—I found this jacket, which Dowling owned.





WILLIAM POCOCK
. I am a plumber, and live in Manchester-street, Manchester-square. Dowling was formerly in my employ—I do not know Clenseley. On 5th July I called at the house No. 22, Coleshill-street, Chelsea, which is my property, to see how the work was going on, and I found that eighteen feet of pipe had been taken from the front kitchen, and ten feet from the wash-house—this is the same-sized pipe, and I lost the same quantity.

Cross-examined. Q. Can you swear positively to this pipe? A. I lost the same quantity, and this is exactly of the same description—it had been put up for a fortnight or three weeks, to conduct the water into the butt—I had been in the house several times after it was put up—Dowling had been labourer to me—he took the pipe from the shop down to the job—he did not put it up.

CLENSELEY—


GUILTY
.

He was further charged with having been before convicted; to which he pleaded



GUILTY. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

