




422. 




WILLIAM GREEN
 and 




JOSEPH MORRIS



, stealing 1 coal, value 20s.; the goods of 




Thomas Benn Sowerby: Green having been twice before convicted: to which


MORRIS



pleaded GUILTY*. Aged 21.—



Confined Twelve Months.






JOHN HARRIS PEARCE
. I am assistant to Mr. Thomas Benn Sowerby, a pawnbroker, in Chiswell-street. About half-past ten o'clock in the morning, on 9th Jan., I was in the shop, and missed a coat which I had seen safe at nine—I went into the street, and saw the two prisoners together, walking down Finsbury-street—Morris had the coat, holding it up and looking at it—Green was by his side—they were walking away slowly—I went after them, and called "Stop thief!"—they then ran into the road, and dropped the coat—I caught Morris, and took him to the shop—I sent for a constable—an apple-woman picked up the coat, and brought it in—this is it—I know it by a private mark on it, and by the button-holes—I was going to Bunhill-row, to take the charge, and I saw Green; we took hold of him, and before we had said anything, he said, "I am not the one."

Green. I asked you what you took hold of me for. Witness. No; you said, "I am not the one."





JOHN HERBERT
 (policeman, G 61). I took the prisoners, they said they would go quietly.

Green's Defence. I did not go near his house; I was going along Bunhill-row; they came and took hold of me; I asked what they took me for, and he would not tell me; two gentlemen told them not to pull me about; I said if they would let me go, I would go quietly; I am entirely innocent.





GEORGE PAVETT
 (policeman, K 260). I produce a certificate of Green's former conviction at Clerkenwell, by the name of W


illiam Holmes—(read—Convicted May, 1849, and confined six months)—he is the person.





GEORGE CROUCH
 (City-policeman,534). I produce a certificate of Green's former conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted Aug, 1847, and confined four months)—he is the person.

GREEN—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

