



649. 




MICHAEL BRYANT



 for a robbery on 



Daniel Squibb, and stealing from his person 6 half-crowns, 14 shillings, and four sixpences; his moneys.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






DANIEL SQUBB
. I live at 9, Mint-street, Southwark. On 6th Jan., about half-past one o'clock in the night, I went to the King's Arms, in Mint-street, with my brother-in-law, Joseph Evans, who is not here, to get my supper—I went in front of the' bar—I saw the prisoner, and three more young men—they called one another Walley, Buffer. and Goosey—the prisoner was with them—he had nothing in his hand then—I called for half a quartern of rum for me and my brother-in-law—I heard one of the men, I do not know which, say, "Buz;" and instantly the prisoner seized me, and struck me three times on the head with a pint-pot, which caused me to fall to the ground—we had not spoken a word to either of them—I found the prisoner's hand in my pocket, and screamed out, "Murder!" but nobody came—I held his arm—we struggled on the ground—one of his accomplices caught bold of my throat, so that I could not scream, while the prisoner escaped—I had never seen him before—I bad six halfcrowns, fourteen shillings, and four sixpences in my right trowsers pocket—it was all gone—I got up, ran out, and screamed, "Police!"—I met the police—as I ran out I met Ellen Moor, my servant, but I did not stop to bear what she had to say—I went to surgeon Downes—my head was bleeding most violently—I went before a Magistrate next day—my brother-in-law was there.

Cross-examined by
MR. MEW. Q. What are you? A. I deal in damaged butter and lard—I live about twenty yards from this public-house—I very seldom go there, but it is open later than other houses, and all night—I had been over the water to get some money, and called on my brother-in-law—he went with me—I was in the public-house about eighteen minutes—I asked for the beer directly I went in, and was there two or three minutes speaking to my brother-in-law, asking him what he would have, and he preferred half a quartern of rum—I did not get the beer; there was some neglect—there was only the landlady behind the bar—the blow on the head did not stun me—I am sure it was the prisoner that struck me.





ELLEN MOOR
. I was in Mr. Squibb's service. I went to the public-house to fetch him home on this morning, between one and two o'clock—I heard no words, but just as I got inside I saw the prisoner strike Mr. Squibb with a pint pot, as he stood at the bar with his brother-in-law—I saw three other men there—my master instantly fell to the ground; a mob surrounded him—the prisoner had a pint pot in one hand, covered with blood—my master held him by the band, and screamed out, "Police"—one of the mob caught hold of him by the throat, and the prisoner got away—they then let my matter loose; he got up, ran out,

and called for the police—his head was pouring in blood—the other men fled—I saw the prisoner next morning at Stone's-end police-station—I saw the prisoner throw the pot into the street; a boy picked it up; there was blood on it.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you lived with Mr. Squibb? A. About five months—he is married; his wife lives with him—I did not meet my master coming out at the door when I first saw him—I do not know a woman named Rolfe—I have to be up late on account of the lodgers, who are cabmen, and are generally very late at night—my master keeps a lodging-house—I fetched him from the public-house because my baby was ill, and I wished to retire to bed—my baby is dead now—I have never been in trouble, or ever in a Court before in my life—I knew my master was at the public-house; he went there for some supper beer, and took an earthen jug with him—I had seen him half an hour before in Mint-street.





STEPHEN MARTIN
 (policeman, M 98). On 7th Jan. I received information, and went with Squibb to the King's Arms, between one and two o'clock in the morning—he charged the prisoner with beating him on the head with a pint pewter pot, and when he was on the ground robbing him of 31s.—he said he was in there at the time, but he was innocent of the robbery; or else, he said, "Forty b y policemen should not take me for it; I was on the ground in the affair, but I am innocent of the robbery"—when Squibb found me that morning he was perhaps 100 yards from the public-house—I knew the prisoner before, and judged who it was by Squibb's description.

Cross-examined. Q. What time did Squibb tell you he had been robbed? A. Between one and two o'clock in the morning—I took the prisoner between one and two—I found no money on him.

MR. MEW
called






HARRIET CALDWELL
. On 6th Jan., between one and two o'clock in the night, Squibb came to the house with three females and a male—the females called for rum, and paid me for it, and then afterwards he called for a quartern of rum—I drew it—he did not pay—I asked him to do so, and he said he had no money in his pocket, but he had plenty at homehe requested Mrs. Evans, who was there, to pay for it—she refused—Squibb's wife was there, I took a pint pot out of her hand, because I saw her strike some person on the head—they were all very tipsy—they were in front of the bar, and I was behind it—I could see everything that went on, and can say positively that the prisoner did not strike any one—no one went away before this affray—they all left direetly the policeman came—he turned them all out together, but the prisoner left by himself—I heard some party say he had lost his money and his watch—I think it was 1l. 10s., but another person said 7s.—there was only one complaint of money being lost—I heard no other observations made by anybody.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are you the landlady of the King's Arms, Mint-street? A. I am; I have never had such a piece of work as this before or since—Squibb was not very tipsy; Mrs. Evans is his sister-in-law—my husband never thieves—he has only been summoned twice since he has been there, that I swear—I do not think he has been summoned three times this month, for harbouring thieves—he was never summoned for harbouring thieves at all, and was never fined 10s. for it—

he was fined 20s. on Christmas-eve; it was for bad characters coming there, not for harbouring them—he is a commercial traveller, and as honest and respectable a man as you are; he never kept a public-house before this; he kept a beer-shop, the Brass Founders' Arms, in Whitechapel, some time ago—he took it with the intention of getting a license, but he could not—we left because we could not pay our way in it—that may be about twelve months ago; we have been six months at the King's Arms—my husband was with Mr. White all the time we were there—the other time that my husband was fined might have been some weeks before Christmas, I cannot tell how many; it was for the same parties being there; they came in when my husband was out—I do not know that they were the very same parties of whom the prisoner formed one, on this night—my husband was never fined before that, he was summoned—Squibb never came to my house with a jug in his hand—nobody was knocked down with a pewter-pot in my house; they were knocked down by Squibb's brother with his fist, I saw him do it—it was a very big stout man; his name is Joseph, or John Evans—he had a white coat on; this is one of the buttons which is left of it—I do not know what has become of him, he was a stranger to me—he has not preferred any charge against the prisoner's brother, that I am aware of—I do not know the name of the man who was knocked down, they used to call him Richard—I know Woller, Buffer. and Evans, they lodge at the house—I know nothing about Goosey; I have not heard the name at my house—this matter was inquired into before the Magistrate on the following day—my husband was not there; I went, but was not examined—there was no attorney there for the prisoner—I do not know who his attorney is now—I saw the person who was to speak for him, that was Mr. Wight.

MR. PARRY. Q. Do you know whether the witnesses for the defence were offered before the Magistrate? A. Yes; I was there with Henry Taylor, we were not called on to give evidence.





HENRY TAYLOR
. I know Squibb; between one and two o'clock on this morning, I was standing in front of the bar of the King's Arms—I was there all day; I was in the bar-parlour—Squibb came in after one, or between one and two; there were some women with him—I cannot say whether he had a jug in his hand; I believe he had not—they were standing at the bar, drinking when a man named Evans, who I believe is a relation of Squibb's, came in and stood conversing with Squibb and the women some short time—he said, "I have got a little account, or a little business to settle," or some words to that effect; and immediately took off his hat, gave it to a person to hold, and knocked a man down who was standing by the side of the beer-engine—an altercation took place immediately, and Squibb and these women immediately commenced an attack on him while he was on the ground—the landlord came immediately from behind the bar, and I with his assistance parted them—an altercation occurred again immediately; the prisoner came in at that time, and seeing the man down, lent him assistance so as he should not be ill-used—the prisoner did not strike him, he was immediately knocked down himself—Squibb and the women who were with him ill-used him as much as they possibly could, till the landlord was obliged to call in the police to quell the disturbance, and a general fight took place; they were all fighting then—Squibb said nothing then about his loosing his watch and money; not in my hearing—

I did not observe any watch with him; the prisoner had not the least opportunity of taking the watch and money from Squibb, and I should say it was quite impossible—I only know Squibb by seeing him come to the house.

Cross-examined. Q. What time in the morning did yon go to this public-house? A. It might have been in the middle of the day, 12 o'clock, but I cannot say—I am a tailor, and work at Bethnal-green, on my own account—my father-in-law keeps this house—his name is Caldwell—. Squibb may have been knocked down when I was not able to discern it—there were so many persons in front of the bar I do not know whether he was or not—I did not hear him call out "Murder!" or "Police!"—it would be impossible for me to swear he did not—there was such a disturbonce that I was not able to distinguish whether he did or not—I think the servant, Ellen Moor, was one of the women who was with him—I will not be positive, she might have been, I cannot say—I did not see Squibb on the ground—I have seen the prisoner there two or three times since I have been there—I do not go there every day—I never knew where he lived—I do not remember Squibb coming there the next day with the policeman; I was not there—I do not know the name of the man whom Evans knocked down—I had seen him once before when he came in to have a pint of beer, which might have been a week previous—I believe Squibb was sober, I did not take particular notice—I cannot say what he called for when he came in—the bar-parlour was about the distance from him that you are from me—some of them called for something, and I believe he had some, I do not know what it was—I cannot say what has become of the man who was knocked down—he went away—nobody was given in charge that I am aware of—I do not know Woller or Buffer—I have heard the prisoner called Goosey—I did not hear anybody say Buz that night—I saw blood on Squibb's head, I did not see any or one of the pint pots.





HENRY CALDWELL
. I keep this house. I saw Squibb there on the night of this disturbance—he came in about half-past twelve or one o'clock with Evans, his brother-in-law, and three women—Evans has not been here to-day that I know of—I swear Squibb had not a jug in his hand—he and the females were drinking spirits and half-and-half before the bar—he then called for a quartern of rum—I saw him served with it—he turned round to Mrs. Evans (Evans' sister-in-law) and said, "You pay for this, for I have no money"—she said, "No more have I any money, so you must put it up"—when they had drank that, another Evans came in, and they asked him what he was going to stand, and to have a pint of mixed liquors—as soon as they had drank, that Evans pulled off his bat, and gave it to one of them, and said, "Here is the b here that you have got some business to settle with," or something of that kind—he knocked a man down—I ran out of the bar to his assistance—we got him up, and they directly pitched into him again—he cried for assistance—the prisoner came to his assistance, and they commenced fighting altogether—I saw they were uncontrollable, and called out, "Police!"—the police came—I did not see the prisoner strike Squibb with a pot, but I could not see everything—I had as much as I could do to try and separate them—I know Squibb by his living opposite, and keeping a lodging-house, or something of that sort—I have not known him long; I have only been there eight months—I have heard sufficient of his character not to believe him upon his oath, according to what has been told to me by his sister-in-law.


Cross-examined. Q. Did you ever hear him examined on his oath? A. No; I have been convicted once of harbouring thieves, not that I did it—it may be two months back—that was the second time—I was fined a guinea—the first time was a month or six weeks before—I was fined 10s.—I am not aware that the third conviction forfeits the license—I have never been summoned before that; I swear that—there were two summonses the last time, but I have only appeared in Court on two separate days—one was on Saturday, which was dismissed, and the other, was on Monday, which I was fined a guinea for.

MR. PARRY. "Why would not you believe the prosecutor on his oath; have you ever heard him say anything as to his being convicted? A. No; I do not speak of what I have heard of him, but what I have heard from others about him.,




GUILTY
.** Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Russell Gurney, Esq.

