



1775. 




DANIEL GUY



, stealing 1 watch, value 24l.; the goods of 



Maria Briggs, from her person: having been before convicted.







MARIA BRIGGS
. I live with my mother, who is a widow. On Sunday evening, 15th Sept., about twenty minutes past eight o'clock, I was in Church-street, Marylebone, with a friend—my brother was walking a little way behind me—the prisoner came up to me, snatched my watch from my side, and ran away—it was suspended by a hook to my dress, there was no cord or chain to it—my brother ran after him—I had never seen him before—I am quite sure he is the person.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. When did you see him again? A. Next morning, at the station—the policeman came and told me that the person who snatched my watch was in custody—he was alone when I saw him at the station—he ran away the instant he snatched my watch; he ran past me, and I ran to my brother—he had passed my brother before I told him—it was rather dark.





JAMES BIGGS
. I am the last witness's brother. On this evening I was walking a little way behind her, saw the prisoner rush from her, and run down Salisbury-street—I ran after him, but did not catch him—I had him five minutes in view—I have not the slightest doubt that he is the man—I saw him again next morning at the station.

Cross-examined. Q. You mean his back was to you five minutes? A. I saw him sideways as well—I did not know anything had occurred till my sister came up, but my attention was drawn to him by seeing him rush from her—he had got perhaps fifteen yards past me before she came up—his face is familiar to me, but I cannot swear I ever saw him before—it was dark.





JAMES CLOWTING
 (policeman, D 166). I took the prisoner on Monday, 16th, at Great James-street, Lisson-grove—I said, "Well, Guy, you must come to the station with me, for stealing a gold watch from a lady in Church-street last night"—he said, "I know nothing at all about it"—we met the woman he lives with, and she said, "What for, now?"—he said, "For them gold things."





JAMES CLARK
 (policeman, D 268). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction at this Court—(read—Convicted Nov. 1848, having been before convicted—Confined one year)—I was present—he is the person.




GUILTY
.† Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

