



349. 




WILLIAM RISLEY



, feloniously accusing 



William Stanley of an infamous crime, with intent to extort money.—Other COUNT., for demanding money with menaces.






MESSES. CLARKSON
. and
BODKIN. conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM STANLEY
. I am collector of the Queen's taxes at Edmonton, and also assist my father in his business of a butcher. I know the prisoner—I have known him from a child—on Tuesday, 26th Dec., I saw him at Edmonton—I had not seen him for some time before that—I have been informed that he was living with a nobleman as a servant—I went with him to the Stag and Hounds public house—it was very near there that I met him—this was about 3 o'clock in the afternoon—I had some gin and water there with him—I had occasion to go there for some money—I paid for the gin and water—we were there not more than a quarter of an hour—there was some talk between us about horses—on coming out of the house we separated—I saw him again between 6 and 7 o'clock in the evening—I met him, by appointment, near the Angel hotel—I have an office close by, in Orchard-street, where I transact my collecting business—I went there with him in the evening—I there showed him some pictures of horses that I had there—that had not been mentioned when I saw him in the afternoon, and appointed to meet him, I asked him if he knew anything about the Derby race—we had some brandy and water together at my office; it was in the office—I also smoked, and the prisoner too—I cannot say how long he remained there; it might be an hour, or an hour and a half—we then came out of the office together, and walked together to the top of the street—I bade him good night, and he said, "Good night; you will hear from me

legally to-morrow"—those were the words—nothing more passed—I did not understand what he meant—in the course of our conversation in the office, he asked me if I could tell him of a good solicitor, or whether I knew Mr. Norton, and if I thought he was a fit person to manage a case for defamation of character—I said I did not know; I had seen Mr. Norton practising in the County Court, and I considered him a clever man there—he said nothing more on that subject—I saw him again on the Thursday morning—I had not in the interval heard from him legally or otherwise—I saw him at Mr. Cater's gate, at the Hyde-side—I had a horse and cart there—he was at the outside gate when I came out—I did not go into the house—I went to the inner gate, and when I returned I found him there—I asked him if he would ride—he said, "Yes," and he got into the cart—I asked him where he was going—he said he was going to the Angel hotel, where the Magistrates meet—Thursday was the day of their meeting—this was from about 10 o'clock to a quarter past—I called at several places, and then drove to my own home, which is a short distance from the Angel—I did not drive to the Angel—he got down on the bridge, sixty or seventy yards from the Angel—nothing passed then about the nature of his business at the Magistrates'—I saw him about half an hour afterwards, when I was going to take the meat to my customers that had been ordered—he was then coming from the Angel, round the corner—he got into my cart again—I then asked him what his business was at the Angel—he said, he had particular business with Mr. Busk—Mr. Busk is a Magistrate, who sits there—I said, "What is the nature of your business?"—he said, "You know very well"—I said, I did not at all understand his meaning—he rode with me as far as the Hyde-side, where I first saw him—he then got out of the cart, and said he should ride no further—I then went back again, and proceeded about my business—I had occasion to go to London about 12 o'clock, or from that to half past 12 o'clock that same day—I went outside the omnibus—I did not see the prisoner on that occasion; I did not know he was on the bus, till I got to Stamford-hill; I then found that he was getting across the roof of the omnibus, to the front part of it, where I was sitting—the omnibus went to Bishopsgate-street—I got down there, opposite the shop of a Mr. Bax—the omnibus does not usually stop there—the prisoner got down there also, and I asked him if he would take anything—he said, "Yes," and he had a glass of sherry—after that, he said he wished to speak to me—he said, "This is a serious charge"—I said, "What?"—he said, "I have been to Mr. Busk, and of course he will compel me to prosecute"—those were his words, and he made answer directly and said, "I must either go to Brighton or to Boulogne"—he said, "I have been to Mr. Busk to lay a complaint, and I shall be prosecuted if I stop there, if I don't go out of the way"—what he said was, "I have been to Mr. Busk to lay a complaint, and of course he will expect me to follow it up;" and he then said, "Of course, you are quite aware it will transport us both for life"—I then made answer directly, and said I could not see at all what Mr. Busk could interfere with him for, or what Mr. Busk had to do in the matter with me—I told him, I could not see what harm he could take from any charge he could make against me with Mr. Busk.

COURT. Q. Try and give us the exact words. A. I said, I could not see what harm Mr. Busk could do to him—I said, I did not see what harm Mr. Busk could do to him, or me either—I said, I did not see how Mr. Busk could interfere with that, with him or me—I did not see what harm

I he could take or me either, from any charge he could make against me—I did not say anything about Mr. Busk—he said, he had been to Mr. Bunk—I said, I did not see what harm he could take, or me either, from anything that Mr. Busk could do.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Tell us exactly what passed, as near as your memory will enable you? A. I can say no other than I hare said before.

COURT. Q. You have said about half a dozen things, and all different; what was it that you really said? A. I told him I did not see what harm he could take, or I could take, from any information that could come from Mr. Busk—that was what I said.

MR. BODKIN. Q. What else passed? A. He said, he must either go to Brighton or Boulogne; he could not go back again to the neighbourhood, where he was living any more—he said that he and his brother had 1,000l. in the bank, and that he should be obliged to sell some of it out to meet this charge—I said, "What is it you want of me?"—he made no answer—I said, "If you want my life after the accusation you have made, you had better take it."

COURT. Q. What was the accusation that he made? A. Because he said that we had both done what would transport us for life—he had used those words previously.

MR. BODKIN. Q. At what part of the conversation was it that he said that? A. It was opposite Mr. Bax's—he said, "You know we have both done what will transport us for life"—that was after he said he had been to Mr. Busk's—he then asked me if I was going home that night—I said if I was alive and well I was going home, nothing more passed; he went away—I am subject to epileptic fits—I was taken ill in that way that evening, in London, and taken home in a cab.


Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You have said that you knew this young man all his life? A. Not all his life, from his childhood—I knew him when he was quite a child; his father worked with my grandfather as farm servant—I knew what his condition in life was—he told me he had 1000l. in the bank—I had no reason to doubt that—I was told that he had lived as servant to a nobleman—I had not seen him about the street at Edmonton, only at his own window—it might be two years before the 26th Dec. that I had last spoken to him—I cannot say when I had spoken to him previously to that—I can say that I had done so, but I cannot say how long before; it might be more than four or five years—that is what I mean by knowing him all his life—I am a tradesman's son—my father is not in a very large way of business—I asked the prisoner into the public house, and proposed to treat him—I proposed to meet him again, to see if I could ascertain anything about the Derby, to get any information—this was on 26th Dec.—I believe the Derby takes place in May—I do not make a book—the prisoner is about twenty-two years of age, I am about forty-six—I intended to get some information about the Derby from him—I am not a betting man—I occasionally have a trifling bet, but I am no betting man—I had not learned all that was needful for my purpose when I saw him; I had not time—I had time to drink some spirits and water, but I had a good many places to call at; and being anxious to learn something about the Derby, I made an appointment in the evening—I did not tell him that it was to learn something about the Derby, I had been talking to him about horses—I make inquiry from a great many persons to know what their real opinion is as to the merits of different horses—that is of course to make a bet upon—I had asked the

prisoner of course previously, if he knew anything about it—he did not say that he understood all about it; of course, he said he did not know much about it—that was in the middle of the day; but people very often say that that know a great deal—I did not see by his countenance that he was a sporting character; I do not believe persons when they say they know little about things—thinking he might deceive me as to the amount of his knowledge, I made the appointment—I was in the first public house with him about a quarter of an hour; the landlord was there, and a servant of Mr. King's; I do not recollect any one else—there was no friend of mine there—I met him in the evening by appointment, and took him to my office—no one lives there but myself—I have some pictures of horses there; there are pictures of another kind—I am not aware that there is a picture of a lady, there is one of Time and Eternity—Eternity is not stark naked, I dare say there are plenty of gentlemen in Court who have seen the picture—there is no indecent picture there—there is no naked woman there; the upper part of the figures in Time and Eternity may be half naked, and the feet are naked—the man is nearly naked—the woman is not lying down—I got it at a sale at a gentleman's house in the parish—I did not point that out to the prisoner—he looked at the whole of the pictures—there is a sofa in the office—I did not touch the prisoner at all—I never touched him at all—I was talking to him—one thing he asked me about was, about the solicitor for defamation of character; that was in the office; and another thing he said was, "You must be a very rich man"—I said, "I wish I was, you may depend upon it I would not ride about in a butcher's cart"—he said, "You must be at least worth 20,000l. or 30,000l. "—I said, "I wish you could prove your words"—he said, "I don't call yours a butcher's cart, I call it a dog cart"—I do not recollect anything else—I asked him about the Derby, certainly, that was at an after part, after we had spoken about the other; I had asked him to come on purpose—I began to speak to him about it immediately, not the first thing, in the course of conversation—I asked him which he thought was the horse likely to win the Derby; he said, at the present time he had no particular favourite, and he asked me what I thought—I told him that I thought the—was a very good horse, and very likely to win it—I do not recollect any further conversation about the Derby—the information he gave me was not very extensive—I have told you pretty well all that occurred—there was other conversation, no doubt, but I do not remember the particulars of it.

Q. What made you keep him there an hour and a half? A. He sat there as long as he pleased—he was not there three hours—I will swear that, and I should say not two hours—when he left the office, and had got to the top of the street, he said, "You will hear from me legally to-morrow."

Q. Did you ask him what he meant? A. He was gone; he walked away as he told me—I did not take the trouble to stop him, for I stood in amazement—I was perfectly surprised and astonished at hearing the remark made—he had been in my office an hour and a half—we were on perfectly good terms while there—I did not follow him and' ask him what he meant when he said this—I was really so surprised at the time, for I could not tell what it meant.

COURT. Q. You said you did not take the trouble to stop him? A. No—I thought it was more of a joke than anything else.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. You thought it was a joke? A. Yes—I saw him again on the Thursday, and asked him to ride with me, because I thought I should ascertain, or get some information, about what he had said before—

I considered it only a joke, that was the very reason I took him up, to ascertain what he meant by it—I did not know whether it was a joke or not—it was impossible for me to tell how he meant it—I did not want then to ascertain about the Derby, it was to ascertain about those words—I took him up into my cart to learn that—it was a mere accident my seeing him afterwards coming out of the Angel—I did not say anything to him the first time in the cart about the words—I thought if it was said in anything more than a joke of course he would have mentioned it to me—I did not ask him—I spoke to him again when he came out of the Angel—I pulled up, he walked towards the cart, and I asked him if he was going that way—he said, "Yes," and he got up and rode—I offered him the ride, as I said before, to ascertain the particulars of what he had said—I asked him of course, if he had been to the Angel—I knew he had been to the Angel—I asked him what his business was there.

Q. What business was that of yours? A. That is very true; but we often ask things.

Q. What had those mysterious words to do with his going to the Angel? A. I should think they had all to do with it—I asked him what his business was at the Angel—he said he wanted to see Mr. Busk, on particular business—I do not know what business it was of mine to ask him—of course it was to find out the meaning, if there was any, in the words, "You will hear from me legally to-morrow"—I should say the Angel had something to do with those words—he said he had been to see Mr. Busk—he did not say that till I asked him—I asked him what his business was at the Angel.

Q. Why did you ask him that? A. Well, we often ask questions that we have no business to ask.

COURT. Q. Do you mean that it was from mere curiosity? A. It was from mere curiosity, to ascertain the meaning of those words, "You will hear from me legally to-morrow."

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What is your answer; let us know what you mean to abide by; did you, in the first place, ask him what he had been at the Angel for? A. I asked him, of course, what he had been at the Angel for—I could have no motive for doing it.

COURT. Q. What was your reason for asking him? A. The only reason I had was to ascertain the meaning of those words—of course I had that object—I wanted to ascertain what the meaning of those words was.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Do you mean deliberately to swear that? A. Of course I can swear it—I swear that I had no other motive in asking him; there is no doubt of it—I swear it—my object was, of course, to account for those strange words—you can take that as my answer.

Q. What had his going into the Angel to do with those words? A. Because, of course, the Magistrates meet there—I could not tell, from his mysterious way and what he said, what his plans and motives could be—I wanted to know the meaning of the words he had used—the Magistrates meet at the Angel—it was on the same day that I saw him on the omnibus at Stamford-hill; I got down at Bishopsgate-street—I said to him, "What! are you going to get down here?"—it was not "What, Risley, are you here?"—I was aware he was on the omnibus at Stamford-hill; it was there that I said, "What, Risley, are you here?" when he got across the omnibus—when we got down by Mr. Bax's, I said to him, "What! are you going to get down here?" and then I asked him to have something to drink—I did not offer him 5l.; I told him I had got 5l. in ray pocket; I wanted to see whether he said he would take it—that was after he had spoken about

going to Brighton, or Boulogne—I certainly did not mean to give it to him.

Q. Did not you say to him, "Risley, I have 5l. in my pocket," and did not ho say, "Money is of no use to me?" A. He said money was no object to him; he and his brother had 1,000l. in the bank—he said, "Money," at least, "5l. is of no use to me, I have money in the bank;" but I never offered it to him—his answer was not, "Money is no use to me"—I have been examined before—when he told me that he was going to Brighton, or Boulogne, I said, "Well, I have 5l. in my pocket;" I did it on purpose to hear what his answer would be, to see if he would ask me for it—I never offered to give it him—he said, "5l. is of no use to me"—I will not undertake to say whether it was "5l." or "Money;" but I quite believe it was 5l.

Q. Have you ever been troubled in this way before by anybody? (The witness was here taken ill, and removed from the Court under the care of a surgeon.)





JOHN STANLEY
. I am the brother of William Stanley, and live with my father and brother at Edmonton. On Saturday, 30th Dec, I was in my cart, and met the prisoner in the lane—I did not know him before; he stopped me, and asked if I had seen his father—I asked who his father was—he said, "Risley"—I told him yes, I had seen his father—at that time my brother was lying at home ill in bed, and had been since the Thursday, when he was brought home from London in a cab; he had had a fit—he asked me if his father had said anything to me—I said he had—he asked me if my brother was at home—I said, yes, he was at home, and ill in bed—he said, "Yes, and so he ought to be"—I said, "Why make such a remark as that?"—he then told me that my brother had tried to commit a capital offence upon him; he said his reputation and feelings were very much hurt; he had been to Mr. Busk, and Mr. Busk was not at home—I said, "What charge have you against my brother? you had better come down"—he said, "No; unless I have compensation before Monday, I shall go to Mr. Busk again"—I saw the prisoner's father on the following Wednesday—I made an arrangement with him on the Tuesday, to meet me by the Angel on Wednesday evening, at 7 o'clock—I went there on Wednesday, at 7 o'clock, and there met the prisoner and his father; I said to them, "Well, this is an affair we cannot talk about in the street, we had better go down to my brother's office"—the prisoner said, "No, I have had one trap laid there for me, I don't have a second"—we then walked up the street, and I met my uncle; in fact, I had sent for him, and he joined us—I then said to the prisoner, "Well, young man, what is this you charge my brother with?" (this was in Silver-street, in presence of my uncle and the prisoner's father)—he said, "I make no charge against him"—I then asked him if he was in London with my brother on the previous Thursday—he said, "No"—I asked him a second time, and he said accidentally he went up by the same omnibus—I then asked him what he charged my brother with, opposite Mr. Bax's—he said, "This is not a legal place to discuss such matters as these;" he said his father had given him a liberal and good education; and he said, "Your family is lineally descended from the noble family of the Earl of Derby, of the highest respectability, and a rich family; what is 500l. or 1,000l. to you, or your family, to settle a matter like this? I have 100l. in my pocket, as well as you have"—he then said, "Come along, father;" and as he left, he said, "You will hear from me legally by the 8th of next month"—I turned round to any uncle, and said, "Did you ever hear such a villain?"—

it was then the prisoner said, "You will hear from me legally by the 8th of next month"—this was on Wednesday, the 3rd Jan.

Cross-examined. Q. This was a trap, was it not? A. Not that I am aware of—it was certainly not a trap to catch the prisoner—I made the appointment merely to see what he had got to say; as I intended to prosecute him—I wanted to see what he would say, that I might prosecute him—I did it to hear what he had to say—I do not think that my object was to induce him to say something about money—I cannot say whether I knew that if he mentioned money I might prosecute him; I might know that; I did not—I made the appointment on purpose to hear what he had to say, as I believed from the beginning that it was nothing but extortion—I knew very well that if he made any demand upon me, I could prosecute him—I did not do it to get him to make the demand; I merely wanted to hear what he had to say about it—he could do as he chose about mentioning money—I did not hope that he would—I did not hope anything about it; I merely wished to bring him before a court of justice—he could say what he chose—my object was this; I thought from the beginning that it was nothing more than extortion, and I thought I was doing justice to my brother and to my country to prosecute him—I had not mentioned anything about the noble family of Derby—I do not know how he came to imagine we were so highly connected; no doubt it was from his being so highly learned—he said his father had given him a good education—I had not said anything about it—there is no ground for it.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is your brother subject to epileptic fits? A. Yes, very much so—I know my brother's office, where his business is carried on; there are no indecent pictures there, or anything of that kind, and he never had one.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. He never had an indecent picture? A. No, never that I saw—I swear there are none, and I swear I never saw any—I saw no naked woman there—there is a picture of a woman; I do not know the subject, but it is not an indecent picture—it is partly naked; there is something thrown over her—it is such that my brother never removed it when his friends or his sisters have been there—there is a cloth thrown across the legs; it is otherwise naked—she is sitting down, I think—there is a figure of a man, not naked; there is something across him, and he has a scythe in his hand.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Where did your brother get it from? A. At a sale—it belonged to Mr. Snell, a very old inhabitant of the parish.





HENRY STANLEY
. I am the uncle of the prosecutor. On 3rd Jan., I was in Silver-street, Edmonton—there was an appointment made with the prisoner's father and my nephew, John Stanley, to meet there—my nephew, John, informed me of it—when I got there, I found John Stanley, the prisoner, and his father—I asked the prisoner what he came for; whether there was not some accusation against William Stanley; he said, "No"—(I had never seen him before)—I asked him what he wanted compensation for; he said he did not want any compensation—I asked what he came there for; he said nothing; he had only come to accompany his father—I said, "I thought you had come here to settle some sort of business; where will you go?"—he said that was not a proper place to settle a case of this sort in, and we went down a lane by the side of the shop, the four of us—I asked where he would go; and his father took him down the lane, by the side of the shop; that was in their way home—he then began by saying that the name was Stanley, and that we were of lineal descent from the

Earl of Derby, and that we were a respectable family, and a family that had money, and 500l. or 1,000l. would be nothing to settle a matter like that.

Cross-examined. Q. You asked him distinctly if he wanted compensation? A. Yes; and he said "No."





EDWARD THOMAS BUSK
., Esq. I am a Magistrate, and usually preside in the Edmonton district—I cannot undertake to say that I was on the bench, at Edmonton, on Thursday, 28th Dec. last—I know the prisoner—he never preferred any charge of any kind before me against William Stanley—he did upon another occasion, but not against that party.
(The prisoner's statement before the Magistrate was read as follows:—"In the absence of my legal adviser, I do not wish to say anything, except that before meeting the Stanleys on the Wednesday night, my father said to me, "If you see them, and they want to compromise, don't take anything," and made me promise not to do so, or he would go no further, which I did.





JOSEPH BURNS
., I am a surgeon—I have seen William Stanley, the prosecutor—he is not in a state to be brought in, or to answer any questions; he has had an epileptic fit.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Twenty-five Years.

(MR. BUSK. stated, that a similar charge had been preferred before him by the prisoner against another person some weeks previously.
MR. CLARKSON. stated, that upon the prisoners apprehension, two papers were found upon him, setting out the circumstances of an alleged offence committed upon him by his former master fifteen months ago. The
JURY. expressed their opinion that the present charge made against the prosecutor was totally without foundation.)
