



202. 




SUSAN RYAN



, stealing, and 
22nd of Nov., 5lbs. Weight of pork, value 3s.; and on 
17th Dec. 5lbs. of mutton, value 2s.; the goods of 




William Henry Clark.






WILLIAM HENRY CLARK
. I am a butcher, and live in Trafalgar-row, Greenwich. On Saturday, 22nd Nov., about 7 or 8 o'clock in the evening, I had some pork lying on the board outside—the prisoner asked the price of it, she was told it was 7d. a pound—there were some customers inside, but none outside—I attended to some other customers!, and in about three-quarters of a minute I missed the pork; it was a fore-loin; the prisoner was gone too—I went after her, but did not find her—I did not know her before—there was gaslight there—I am quite sure there was no other person standing outside near the pork—I am quite sure the prisoner is the woman—it might have been 9 or 10, or it might have been 7 or 8 o'clock.

Q. But they are very different times; suppose a man had to make his defence, he might show where he was at a particular hour? A. It was between 9 and 10 o'clock in the day, in Nov.—we are in the habit of shutting the shop at 11, and we take supper after we shut up on Saturday nights—it must have been about 9 when the prisoner was there—I was mistaken in saying it was between 7 and 8—on 17th Dec., about 6, I was called out of the parlour—I found the policeman and the prisoner in the shop—the police-man had a piece of neck of mutton in his hand—the prisoner had a piece of shoulder of mutton under her left arm—she dropped it—I looked round my shop, and missed two pieces of mutton off the front table, they were the same that the policeman and the prisoner hand—they were five pounds and a half, part of a shoulder and part of a neck; I had seen them safe five minutes before—the prisoner had been in my shop between 3 and 4 that afternoon; she asked the price of some meat on the table, I told her to leave the shop, because I remembered her face from the Saturday night of her taking the pork—I did not like to charge her with, it; I was quite certain of it, but as there was no pork on her then it would be hard to prove it.

Q. That is not the reason you gave the Magistrate? A. Yes; I told the Magistrate I told her to leave the shop, she was after no good, and that she did not wish to buy anything—I thought she was after no good, because she bid a very low price for the meat; it would have been impossible to serve her.

Prisoner. I went into the shop and asked the price of some pieces; you said 4 1/2 d., and I offered you 4d.; you never said another word, and I came away. Witness. No; you offered 3d., and I told you to go out of the shop—I did not say that I followed you out of the shop when you took the pork, and could not see the way you went—I did not say that I saw you go into a hall.





WILLIAM NOSWORTHY
 (policeman, R 324). At a little before 6 o'clock, on 17th Dec, I was on duty in uniform at Trafalgar-row, Greenwich, about three yards from the prosecutor's door—I saw the prisoner trying to open Mr. Clark's gate—I think she did not see me—she came across the road, and I think she was watching Mr. Clark's more than she was me—there Was

nothing to prevent her seeing me if she had looked that way—she went into the shop, and opened the little gate which goes half way up the doorway—there was no one in the shop—I saw her go to the table and take a half-shoulder of mutton, and put it under her left arm—she turned over some pieces, and took a piece of the best end of a neck of mutton, about 3lbs.—she came out of the shop, and was going across the street—I stopped her, and asked her what she had got under her cloak—she said, "Nothing"—I took her back, and took the piece of mutton from her hand—the half-shoulder she dropped on the floor.

Prisoner. I asked you whether you were going to be shopkeeper for Mr. Clark. Witness. No, you did not; I did not speak to the servant girl—I never recollect speaking to her in my life till this morning—there were not two little girls in the shop—I did not say the meat was concealed under the block in some sawdust—you knocked down one piece of meat in picking up the shoulder—I never went to where you worked over Black heath, and said if they employed you you would rob them—I had heard your name before, but I never knew you before.

Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of stealing the meat; I was once taken for stealing a looking-glass, and the next morning there was no one there; the policeman said a woman saw me steal it, and I went and asked the woman, and she said she had lost no glass; I went and told the policeman, and he said he was fined 2s. for it, and he said he would have a case before long; another time he came and searched my place for another glass, and there was no one there against me; I wish Burke to be examined.





STEPHEN BURKE
 (policeman, R 251). I took the prisoner for stealing a glass—I could not find the glass, and the parties would not come forward—I was not fined—I never said I was fined 2s. for another glass.




GUILTY
of Stealing the Mutton.


(The prisoner was further charged with having been before convicted.)





STEPHEN BURKE

re-examined. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction by the name of 


Maria Wilkinson
—she is the person—(read—Convicted, Aug. 1849, having then been before convicted, 



Confined six months.)




GUILTY
.** Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.


Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

