



1043. 




JAMES PHILLIPS
 was indicted

 for the wilful murder of 



Ann Matthews.—2nd COUNT, of 



Ann Brown.—He was also, charged, on the Coroner's inquisition, with the like murder.


MR. DEARSLEY
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY RICHARDSON
. I am a widow. I lived at 11, Shepherd-street, in the service of the deceased—her name was Ann Matthews—for a long time she went by the name of Brown, but her proper name was Ann Matthews—she was always called Brown while I lived there—I know the prisoner—the deceased was his aunt—he had lived there a little better than two years—they lived together like man and wife—on Saturday evening, 8th Oct., the prisoner left home a little before the candles were lighted, about dusk—it had struck 12 when he returned home—he was then betwixt and between as to drinking, but he was perfectly aware of what he was doing—the deceased was sitting on the hearth-rug, with her feet towards the fender, in the back parlour—that was the room in which they slept—she sent for a pot of beer—the girl, Sarah May, went for it—she prisoner came in while she was sitting on the hearth-rug, but she had been sitting there a good bit before he came in—when he came in he turned the bedclothes down, the first thing, with the intention of going to bed, and he told the girl to go to bed likewise—he then called his aunt a very improper name, and said she was sitting in a dirty position before the fire—the deceased replied, "Jem, you can go back where you came from; I can do without you, and I don't want you here"—he then jumped up, and with his fist he gave her a violent blow on each side of the temple, but it did not bleed; it was bruised, but did not bleed—he took her head like that (describing it), and hit her violently with both hands on each side of the head—the prisoner was standing up behind the deceased at the time he struck her—I begged him not to do it, as it was getting Sunday morning.

Q. What kind of blows were these, as to violence? A. Why he could not do no more than he did with his doubled fist—she told him it would be the last time he should ever hit her, for the next day she would swear her life against him—I did not observe anything on her forehead, or any other part, at that time—there was then a ring at the bell, and I went to the door—I had not gone above three or four steps at the furthest before I heard the deceased say, "Oh, Mary!"—I was not absent three minutes, I am positive, from the

short distance I went—I returned to the room immediately—when I went in the prisoner's boots stood alongside of my mistress—I took them up and put them under the foot of the bed, and went to her assistance—she was then lying flat on her back, with her feet still towards the fireplace—I directly went to try to lift her up, and I said to the prisoner, "Jem, you have killed your aunt; at least, she is quite dead"—I got a pillow to put under her head, and there was apparently a little bit of sound in her throat, but she was quite dead—the prisoner did not assist me then; when I asked him he did—he sat on the foot of his bed, but he did not offer to lie down—I said to him, "Jem, will you assist me to raise your aunt up? she is quite dead"—I was stooping down over her, and he instantly came and sent me away from her; be took me by my clothes, and hoisted me towards the parlour door, away from her, as I was trying to pick her up—he then stood on my right hand, near the fireplace—he had neither boots nor stockings on, nothing but his shirt; and as he stood there, he said to me, "Look here," and he took his foot and projected it down upon her stomach three or four times, but I did not count it; I was too frightened—he then told me to take a light and go to bed, and leave her; she was right enough—he then said, "There is nobody can make you open your mouth; if they say anything, it is sure to be 'hanged or transported'"—I said to him, "Will you assist me, and raise your aunt on the bed?"—he said, "If you will lay hold of her feet, I will lay hold of her head;" and we did so, and laid her on the bed—he then went to bed himself, and laid on his side, and covered himself over—he said, "Take the light and go to bed; I am not afraid of being in the dark with her"—I said I would have a doctor, or some medical advice—he got out, and put his boots on, without any stockings, and said, "I will fetch a doctor; she shall soon have a doctor"—he went to Mr. Westlake's, a neighbour's house—Mr. Clark, a doctor, came—the deceased was in very good health when I saw her sitting on the hearth-rug—she was quite sober then.

COURT. Q. What do you mean by then? A. Why, she was in the habit of drinking a little gin and water; but she was lying down; she often laid down—she had not been drinking at all that evening.

MR. DEARSLEY. Q. Were you sober or drunk? A. I was perfectly sober, as sober as I am now, for I never drink any spirits.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. This place was a brothel, was it not? A. Yes; I had been there eight years—the deceased had had the house during the whole of that period, and before I went there—the prisoner had only been living there for two years—a brother of his lived there before him for a little while as a porter, but he died in the Fever Hospital—there is a sofa in the room—when I returned from answering the ring at the bell, I found my mistress lying straight back on the floor, with her feet towards the fire—her head was not close to the sofa; she was too far away from the sofa; I am positive of that—there was a good space between her and the sofa; I cannot tell exactly what space—the back of her head was near the drawers, nearer than the sofa—there was a chest of drawers as well as a sofa—her head was not touching the drawers; there was room for me to put my hands down behind, to try to raise her head up—after the prisoner struck her in the way I have described, a potboy from a public house came in, and brought a paper and put it in her lap—I brought the deceased's spectacles in to her, but she did not begin to read the paper—she put them on for the purpose of reading—I was not absent more than three minutes; I only went to the door and back immediately—I did not return when she cried out, "Oh, Mary!" I went to answer a lady and gentleman that came, but I heard no bustle in the room while I was gone—I did not attend to the lady and gentleman; they did not

come in; I only answered them at the door—the room where this occurred was the back parlour, on the ground floor, as you come in at the door—I did not go out to drink during the three minutes—at the time the prisoner put his foot on the deceased's chest she was quite dead—he had neither shoes nor stockings on then—she was lying on the floor, flat on her hack—he said to me, "There is nobody can make you open your mouth; if you say anything we are sure to he transported;" or something of that kind—I have mentioned that before to-day—I have been waiting about here for this trial—I have been in the public houses opposite—I did not say there that I wished this man might be hung—I did not say so.

Q. I warn you to be extremely careful in answering my questions; upon the solemn oath you have taken to speak the truth, did you not say, over the way at a public house, that you wished this man should be hung? A. If you had been in the place, and saw what I saw, you would have thought to too.

COURT. Q. Then, did you say you hoped he would be hanged? A. Yes, I did, Sir.

MR. PARRY. Q. Then when you answered my question "No" just now, it was a falsehood was it? A. Certainly I did say so; I beg your pardon—I did say I wished he would be hung—I did not repeat it—two or three times I might say it; I do not know whether I said so on two or three different occasions; I only said it to the same party that was there—the remainder of the other persons that are coming in; I mean the witnesses.

Q. Did you not go out and point out the spot where you said he would be hung? A. That I could not do.

COURT. Q. Did you not point out any place as the place where he would be hanged? A. No; I never saw anything erected in my life where he could be hung—I did not say that.

MR. PARRY. Q. I am not asking you what you said; did not you go to a place near here, and tell some persons with whom you were that that would be the place where he would be hung? A. No; I was shown the place, but I did not say so myself—I was not asking for the place—I do not know how I came to be shown the place; I was not asking to be shown it.

Q. How came you then to be shown it? A. I thought if ever he came back again I might stand the same chance as his aunt; I did not wish him to come back again—I do not now wish him to be hanged, and if it was to do any good I would as soon be hung up as him.

COURT. Q. When did you change your mind about it? A. I never changed my mind at all, no more than that saying he deserved it.

MR. PARRY. Q. How came it that you were shown the place where he was to he hung? A. That I do not know—I cannot tell you anything about it, for I never saw a gallows erected, nor anybody on it, in my life—somebody showed me the place where they came out—I do not know how they came to do so—if you ask the other people that are here, maybe they can tell you better—I do not know how I came to be shown the place—if any one was to say look here, and show me, I should look—I cannot say who showed me the place—there were others there, and you can ask them who it was that said it.

COURT. Q. Were you all together in a party at the time? A. Yes; I was sitting by the fireplace, and never got up when they went to look, at the window—all the witnesses were sitting together in the room at the time.

MR. PARRY. Q. had gone to that place, had you not, for the purpose of looking at this window? A. No; I was taken there to sit among the people that were there, in the warm, as I was very ill.


Q. Did your late mistress ever beat you at all? A. Beat me, no; she has shoved me before now, if I did not do anything I had to do quick enough—she was a very clever woman in her work.

Q. Has she not repeatedly shoved you when you did not do what she wanted you to do? A. Well, I was more shoved by the other party, a great deal—she has repeatedly shoved me—she never beat me—she has sometimes turned me out of doors in the middle of the night, when we had a few words—she has said, "There is the door, go about your business"—she has pushed me—she has sometimes violently pushed me out of doors in the middle of the night; that is a long while back; not lately—I never drink anything but a drop of porter—my mistress had but a little drop of gin and water, that day—she only sent for 6d., worth, and that was there long enough, and she drank about a wine glass full with hot water to it—she was correct and sober, there are plenty of people can tell that—she had a little tumbler, and she might have had something in that—there was a little glass as well—she never drank it without water—she never drank rum or brandy, only gin.





SARAH NYE
. I am a single woman—I lived with the deceased for one week, before this occurrence. On the night of 8th Oct. I supped with my mistress, at half past 11 o'clock—the prisoner came in just at 12—he told me to go to bed—I said I would not, till my mistress had told me—my mistress was sober enough at that time—she had been lying down on the sofa—she was quite sober—I went to bed by my mistress's orders, directly after the prisoner came in—I saw the prisoner again at about half past 12 that same night—he came to my bedroom door, and said, "Get up, get up Bet, d—n thee! come out in thy shirt, your mistress is dying! she is dead! we shall be transported! we shall all be hung!"—I went into the parlour, and saw my mistress on the bed—I saw a graze on her forehead, and I said, "Oh, oh! my mistress has had a blow"—the prisoner said, "D—n thee, Bet; hold thy tongue!"—the doctor was sent for—Mr. Westlake went for him—the prisoner went to Mr. Westlake—the doctor noticed the graze on the forehead, and said, "What is this on the forehead?"—the prisoner said, "She has fell off the sofa"—I said, "No, she has not;" and he said, "D—n thee, hold thy tongue, Bet!"





FRANCIS CLARK
. I am a surgeon, and live at 14, Henrietta-street, Cavendish-square. Between 1 and 2 o'clock, on Sunday morning, 10th Oct., I was called by a man named Westlake to see the deceased—in consequence of what he said to me, I sent my son to No. 11, Shepherd-street, not being able to dress so quickly as usual from having had a fall and injured my wrists—I followed him—I had known Mrs. Brown, the deceased, half a year previously—I had been called to attend her in May last, for the first time, and I had subsequently been called—when I got to 11, No. Shepherd-street, I saw the deceased in the parlour, lying on the bed—observing some marks on her forehead, I took the old woman aside into the passage—I examined the forehead, and found the marks of a blow on each temple—the one on the left side was slight—that on the right side was more severe, and the skin was slightly abraided—I should say the deceased was between fifty and sixty years of age—when I observed the marks, the prisoner said she had fallen against the sofa—I am confident he said against the sofa—I made a post mortem examination on the Tuesday following—I found on the external part of the body various marks of bruises of long standing—a severe bruise on the left hip, extending on to the back, and the two marks before mentioned on the temples—the mark that extended to the back was apparently recent—the old bruises were in various parts, and she had on a plaster—I examined the head; on removing the skull-cap, and the dura mater; I found a coagulum

of effused venous blood on each side corresponding with the external bruise—there was effusion of liquid venous blood in the ventricles at the base of the brain, and all through, a general effusion—I saw quite sufficient to account for the death—the cause of death was effusion and extravasation from the rupture of a vessel from concussion of the brain—that was caused by external blows—there is no doubt that a violent blow on each side of the head would cause what I observed—it is impossible to say what time would elapse before a person would die after receiving such a blow—it might be longer or shorter—it does not follow that death would be immediate—it would mainly depend upon the size of the vessel so ruptured—I examined the chest and abdomen—all the vital organs were perfectly healthy throughout, unusually healthy—I examined the contents of the stomach, it contained about from half to three quarters of a pint of fluid, apparently of a natural kind, but there was no appearance of spirit or of any other deleterious substance having been drunk.

Cross-examined by
MR. PARRY. Q. Do I understand you to say that you noticed that the vessels of the brain were spotted with blood? A. I describe a coagulum on each side internally, corresponding with the external wound—there was a general effusion of liquid blood in the base of the brain, and all throughout; the brain appeared to me to be in a remarkably healthy state, unusually so—there was nothing whatever to indicate that the brain was at all diseased; there was a vessel decidedly ruptured on each side, and probably in other portions—a person falling back upon the floor, and striking against a hard substance, might produce it, without any external mark—I attribute death to the general effusion—the effusion was not much greater at the base of the brain behind—there was a considerable coagulum on each side, corresponding with the external bruises, about the size of a 5s. piece at least in extent—I examined the lungs, they were perfectly healthy—there was air in them—I should fancy there would have been less air in them than I saw if any very great violence had been used to the chest—if there had been a great pressure on the lungs, there would have been a greater collapse than I saw.

MR. DEARSLEY. Q. Did you observe the back of the head? A. I did; I did not observe any sign of injury there whatever—if a person had fallen back on the head on the sofa with such violence as to cause concussion of the brain, I should certainly have expected to find some external mark.

MR. PARRY. Q. The effect of concussion of the brain is instantaneous insensibility, is it not? A. Decidedly not.

COURT. Q. That would be a question of degree? A. Yes; depending upon the quantity of effusion, and the size of the vessel ruptured; frequently the appearances do not show themselves for some days after concussion, when the vessel ruptured is very small—there may be concussion without the actual rupture of a vessel.

MR. PARRY. Q. Judging from the blow described, the coagulum you noticed within, and the rupture of the blood vessel, would not the concussion produced by such a blow he almost instantaneous? A. I should fancy that death would be very quick from such severe blows—but very frequently insensibility would not immediately follow even from such blows as that.

COURT. Q. If the woman was in the habit of living rather freely, or had been in the course of that day taking a certain amount of spirits and water, and porter at night, would that increase the tendency to receive injury from a blow? A. No doubt of it; so that a smaller amount of actual violence would occasion the mischief.





THOMAS WESTLAKE
. I am a grocer, and live at 2, Union-street, New

Bond-street. On the Saturday night, 9th Oct., about 12 o'clock, the prisoner came to me for the purpose of getting a doctor—I went for the doctor, and Mr. Clark attended.

Cross-examined by
MY. PARRY. Q. You were examined, I believe, both before the Magistrate and the Coroner, were you not? A. Yes; when the prisoner came to me he appeared in a very agitated state, half mad—I had drank with the poor man at half past 12 o'clock on the Saturday night—he hallooed out to me, "Tom, Tom! Ann is a dying!" Mrs. Brown is a dying!" and knocked violently at my door—I have seen the deceased exhibit violence toward several of the servants—I have seen the prisoner with scratches on his face, and, I think, on one occasion with a black eye.





HENRY BARNES
 (police sergeant, C 4). About 2 o'clock on Sunday morning, 10th Oct., I went to the house of the deceased, in Shepherd-street—I saw the prisoner there, and said to him, "I understand Mrs. Brown is dead? "he said, "Yes, poor creature, she is"—I said. "Very sudden, was it not? "he said, "Yes"—I drew down the sheet of the bed, and there saw her dead body—I looked at the marks on the temples, and found there were two bruises, one on each side—I said to him here are some bruises here—he said, "Yes; I will tell you; she was sitting on the hearthrug, and she fell over, but while she was sitting on the hearthrug she said, "So help me G—d! I will never come into bed with you again alive"—I took two constables to the house, and said to the prisoner, "It is necessary that you should come to the station and make that same statement to the inspector"—he said, "Yes; I will go"—on the way to the station he put himself in different postures showing me how she was sitting, and how he lifted her up; that he assisted Mary in getting her into bed—he asked me whether that was not natural enough, and I said, "Yes"—he made a statement to the acting inspector at the station just similar to what he had told me.




GUILTY
of Manslaughter.
 Aged 26.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

