







204. 




THOMAS PENFOUND,


 JOSEPH SAUNDERS,



 ARCHIBALD M'KENDRICK,



 EMMA WILSON
, and 




CATHERINE WATTS
, were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Samuel James Wood, and stealing therein 22 watches, 66 rings, and other articles, value 83l. 3s.; his goods.—2nd COUNT, for stealing the said goods, and afterwards burglariously breaking out of the said dwelling-house.—3rd COUNT, for receiving the said goods.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
SLEIGH
conducted the Prosecution.


JOHN SERJEANT (policeman, E 120). I know the premises of Mr. Wood, the prosecutor, at No. 90, High Holborn; he is a pawnbroker. On the night of 23d Nov. I was on duty near there, and about 11, or half-past 11 o'clock, I noticed the condition of his premises—the outer doors were then secure; I passed again about half-past 12 o'clock, and then found the door opening into Holborn open—it is a corner house—it was the door leading into the boxes of the pawnbroker's shop—I immediately gave an alarm to the witness Raftery, an assistant, who slept in the house—upon examination, I found that the house had been entered—I found the doors of the glass cases in the front window open—Mr. Raftery looked into the cases, and found there had been some watches, and other articles of jewellery, stolen from the window.






THOMAS RAFTERY
. I am assistant to Mr. Samuel James Wood, pawnbroker, of No. 93, High Holborn; I sleep on the second floor. On the night of 23rd Nov. I was called up between 12 and 1 o'clock; I came down stairs, and found the policeman in the house—I found the front door open, and the sashes of the window standing open—I made an examination of the shop, and missed seventeen silver watches, five gold ones, a valuable diamond ring, a sapphire ring, two gold brooches, and upwards of sixty wedding rings—I should think the property was worth from 150l. to 170l.—I had observed it safe up to 9 o'clock in the evening; it was then safe, and secured by padlocks to the sashes—all the padlocks had been forced open—all the property belonged to Mr. Wood.





JAMES INCE
. I am shopman to Mr. Wood. On 23rd Nov. the shutters of the shop were put up securely, as usual, about half-past 5 o'clock—the shutters are brought from the hall of the house; in going for the shutters we are obliged to be absent for a few moments from the shop; it is possible that during that time some person may have slipped in and secreted himself—there were some packages standing in the office that evening, behind which it is possible a person might hide himself—the house was thoroughly secured at half past 7 o'clock, I believe—I did all the bolting of the doors myself—I did not carry the shutters myself; I saw it done—I slept in the front shop—I was alarmed in the middle of the night by the police.

COURT. Q. You say you superintended the shutting up; did you go away at all? A. Yes; I was called away as they were being fetched, and there was no one to guard the passage at that time—anybody, if they watched their opportunity, could have slipped in and got behind the packages.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police inspector, G). I received information of this burglary on the evening of the 25th, and went to the shop of Mr. Sowerby, a pawnbroker, in Chiswell-street, St. Luke's—I there saw Edward Greaves, and received from him this watch (produced)—I received information from him; in consequence of which, I went on the following morning, at 11 o'clock, to a house, No. 11, Foster's-buildings, Whitecross-street, St. Luke's, where I saw the witness Mary Hill, and the prisoner Watts was sitting in the room; before I said anything as to what I had come about, the witness Hill said, in Watts' hearing, "I know what you have come about; I know all about it, I had the watch from this girl, "meaning Watts—Watts replied," Oh, yes; I received it from a young man"—while I was talking to her, I saw Watts pass this duplicate to a woman who was in bed, and concealed under the bedclothes—I then took Watts into custody, on suspicion of stealing the watch, and took possession of the duplicate, which I now produce—it is dated 25th Nov., and is for a "S. watch," that means a silver watch, for 1l. in the name of Watts—the name of the pawnbroker is John Thomas Hawes, 98, Old-street, St. Luke's—I went to the shop of Hawes on the same day with the witness Hill and the prisoner Watts—Watts was identified by Mr. Hawes's managing young man as having pledged a watch there—on the same evening I went to a beershop in Worship-street, kept by the prisoner Saunders—I called him aside, and told him I had information that he was in possession of a quantity of jewellery, consisting of watches, rings, and other articles—he said, "I have not"—I said, "I shall take you into custody, and search your place"—he said, "Indeed I have not"—he then said, "Stop, Sir," and then whispered to his wife, who stood close to him, loud enough for me to hear, and said, "Go up stairs; you know where they are as well as I do"—she then ran up stairs, and I followed her—I saw her go to a chimney, put her hand up, and bring from it this stocking, with its contents, which I now produce—it was

not a bedroom—these are the things—here it a gold watch, a signet ring, fifteen wedding rings, and a little pocketbook, all of which have been identified by Mr. Raftery—at that time Evans, an officer who accompanied me, brought Saunders into the room—Saunders saw me in possession of these things, and said, "I wish I never had them from him," or "took them from him"—I said, "From whom?"—he said, "I don't know," and then added," I don't know the man; he only slept here one night"—upon that I took him into custody—on the following evening, Saturday, 27th, in consequence of information I received, I went with Evans to No. 19, Twister's-alley, Bunhillrow, and there saw the prisoner Emma Wilson; I told her I bad information that she could give me information of a quantity of watches and jewellery which had been brought there by a person named Matthews, and another; I named rings, and other articles—she said, "I know nothing at all about it"—I then said, "Perhaps you are not aware that I am in possession of so much of the circumstances as I am"—she then said, "Well, I did pledge a ring at Brooks's"—I then left—I did not take her into custody then—from further information I received, I went to Mr. Sharp's, a pawnbroker's, in Bath-street, St. Luke's—I found that a watch and ring had been pledged there; and on 2nd Dec. I again went, with Mr. Sharp's assistant, to No. 19, Twister's-alley, and he saw Wilson, and identified her; he met her on the stairs, and said, "This is the person that pledged the watch and ring"—the said, "I know nothing about it; I pledged the ring at Brooks's, but I know nothing about the watch and ring"—I then took her into custody, and afterwards, in consequence of information, directed M'Kendrick to be taken that same day.

Cross-examined by
MR. B. PAYNE. Q. Has Wilson got a husband? A. I believe she lives with a young man; I do not know how she gets her living—I have heard that she is a tailoress—I do not recollect that she said anything more than I have stated when the pawnbroker's assistant met her on the stairs and said she was the person that pledged the watch and ring—it was on 27th Nov. that I told her about the rings, and that I had further information—I found her still at the same place when I went on 2nd Dec.

Cross-examined by
MR. B. THOMPSON. Q. How long after the robbery was it that you received information from Greaves? A. I think the night following—the robbery was on the 23rd, and on the evening of the 25th I saw Mr. Greaves.





MARY HILL
. I am a widow, and live at No. 11 Forster's-buildings, St. Luke's. I am a monthly nurse—the prisoner Watts is my son-in-law's sister, she came to my house on Thursday afternoon, 20th Nov., and asked me as a favour if I would pledge a watch, which she brought with her—I pledged it for her at Mr. Hawes's, in Old-street, St. Luke's, for 25s., and gave her the ticket and money—about two hours afterwards, in the evening, she brought me another watch to pledge; I was going on an errand, and took it into Chiswell-street, to another pawnbroker's, Mr. Sowerby's; the assistant detained it, and I gave him my address.





EDWARD GREAVES
. I am assistant to Mr. Sowerby, a pawnbroker, of Chiswell-street, St. Luke's. I know M'Kendrick, he came on 25th Nov. and offered me a silver Geneva watch in pledge for 25s.—I asked him to whom it belonged—he said it belonged to him—I asked him where he bought it—he told me it was pledged for 2l. at Mr. Attenborough's, in Crown-street, and that he gave 5s. for the ticket—I refused to take it in pledge—on the evening of the same day, a watch, which I believe to be the same, was brought and offered in pledge by Mrs. Hill—I detained it, and gave it to inspector Brannan—I believe this watch produced by Brannan to be it.


Cross-examined by
MR. B. THOMPSON. Q. In what points is this watch similar to the one brought in the morning? A. I took particular notice that the one offered to me in the morning was perfectly new, and had a silver dial and seconds, and the back was engine turned or chased as this is—this is a rather uncommon pattern on the back—I cannot say whether the glass was cracked when it was brought to me—I believe this to be the same watch—I did not say before the Magistrate that I would not swear to it.

COURT. Q. Did you observe enough to see whether it had this sort of pattern? A. Yes; they are generally plain engine turned, but this is chased—we do sometimes have new watches pledged from makers, but persons in the rank of life of the prisoners do not generally bring perfectly new watches—I merely looked at the movement; it is not usual in Geneva watches to put the name on the movement, it is generally put on the dial under the seconds.





GEORGE BARKMAN
. I am assistant to George Arnold, a pawnbroker, of No. 188, Shoreditch. This gold wedding ring (produced) was brought there on 26th Nov. and pledged for 4s., by I believe the prisoner M'Kendrick—this is my duplicate (read—"I ring, at 4s., for John Smith;") and this (produced) is the ticket I gave to the party.

Cross-examined by
MR. B. THOMPSON. Q. Had you seen M'Kendrick before the ring was pledged? A. I have seen him before, but I do not know on what occasion—I did not see him again till I saw him at Worship-street in the cell, about a fortnight afterwards—there were about a dozen persons in the cell at the time—we do a great deal of business at our shop; a great number of persons come in and out—this ring was pledged between 6 and 7 o'clock in the evening—there was nothing which excited my suspicion at the time—it is a very ordinary thing for persons to pledge a wedding ring—I do not swear positively to the prisoner.

MR. SLEIGH. Q. When you were taken to the station, and shown into the cell where there were a number of people, did you pick out M'Kendrick?A. I told the policeman I thought he was the party—he was not pointed out to me by any person—I did not first pick out anybody else as the person who pledged the ring.





HENRY WILDING
. I am assistant to Thomas Hawes, a pawnbroker, of No. 98, Old-street. I produce a silver watch pawned on 25th Nov., in the early part of the forenoon, by the female prisoner Watts for 1l.—this is the duplicate, it has the name of Mary Watts on it—I produce another silver watch pledged at our establishment on the same day, about a couple of hours afterwards, by Mrs. Hill; I lent 1l. 5s. on it.

Catherine Watts. I did not pawn nothing.





GIDEON GARRATT
 (policeman, H 213). In consequence of information I received, I took the prisoner Penfound into custody on the night of 3rd Dec., in Commercial-road, Spitalfields, about half past 9 o'clock—he was in the street—I told him he was charged with being concerned with others in a burglary, at the house of Mr. Wood, in Holborn, a pawnbroker's shop—he said, "I know I am, I will tell you all about it"—I said, "You have no occasion to make any confession to me; if you do, I shall give it in evidence against you before a Magistrate"—he said, "I may as well tell you as any one else;" I said, "You must go to the station with me"—on the way to the station, he said, "On the night of the robbery, I was standing in Holborn about 4 o'clock in the evening; I saw three or four men standing about, close to the pawnbroker's shop there, and about that time there was a large fire broke out in the neighbourhood; one of the men came to me, and asked

me what I was standing about there for; I told him I did not think proper to tell him, I did not see what business it was of his, and he said, 'You had better go away'—I said, 'I shall not go away;' I believe he said, "If you do not go away, we will make you go;'" and then he said, that about that time the fire broke out, and said, "I went away to where the fire was a short time, and then came back again, thinking that there was something going on wrong at this pawnbroker's shop; at the same time when I got back I saw a cab man standing about there, but he did not speak to me, he appeared to be in company with the others; one of them came to me again, and said, 'it is no use your standing about here, we do not want you, go away;' I refused to go away, and he said, 'Well, we are about to do a job here to night, keep all quiet for us outside, and we will make it all right with you after '—a few minutes after that, I saw one of them go into the side door of the pawnbroker's shop, and shortly afterwards saw the same person through the window of one of the upstairs rooms; I still remained by the outside of the house till after the shop was shut up; and after remaining some time after that, I saw the door open and one of the others was let in, and after waiting a long time they came out together, and gave me fourteen or fifteen gold rings, a gold watch, three silver watches, half a sovereign, and a pocket book; I went away, and made all the haste I could to Worship-street; I went to Mr. Saunders' beer shop, and saw Mr. Saunders, who at that time appeared to be drunk; I asked Mrs. Saunders if she would take care of some property that I had found on Newington-causeway, and that I wanted to sleep there that night if she could let me have a bed; she said, 'You can sleep here to-night, but I will have nothing to do with this property;' I afterwards saw Mr. Saunders again, and asked him to take it; I gave him the whole I had received, with the exception of the money, and he went into his bedroom with it; I saw no more of the property after that."

Cross-examined by
MR. WOOLLETT. Q. Who gave Pen found into custody? A. I do not know, he was a stranger to me—he was not at that time in company with the prisoner Saunders' son, I saw them together just by Spitalfields station house—the son told me that he and bis father had been searching for Penfound—I saw Mrs. Saunders at the station—I saw the man who gave Penfound into custody at the station house; I received information from him, I do not know whether his name is Broom—I have heard since that Saunders has a wife and eight children.





THOMAS HUGHES
. I am assistant to Mr. Sharpe, a pawnbroker, of Bathstreet—I produce a watch and wedding ring, pledged on 25th Nov., by the prisoner, Emma Wilson, in the name of "Emma Stevens, for Emma Watts;" Wilson is the woman.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had she pledged a great many things at your shop before? A. No; she may have been in the shop before, but I did not know her before—it did not take a great while to pledge a watch and ring; I made no memorandum on the ticket of the particulars of the person; I go by my recollection of the person's features—100 persons of more come to our shop in a day.

Q. Did you not at first express some doubt, and say you thought she was the person? A. I think the words I used were, "I have no doubt but that is the person"—I cannot tell you the person who pledged something immediately before she did, or the person immediately after, unless the subject of the pledge was brought before me—I do not mean to say I recollect everybody who pledges at our place.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. When did you see her again after she pledged that

watch and ring? A. To the best of my recollection on 2nd Dec, a week afterwards—I have no doubt as to the identity of the person—I advanced 4s. on the wedding ring, and 1l. on the watch.





WILLIAM PUTNAM
. I am assistant to Thomas Brook, a pawnbroker, of No. 130, Whitecross-street. I produce a wedding ring pawned at my master's on 25th Nor. for 3s., in the name of Ann Stevens, by, I believe, the prisoner Wilson, but I will not swear to her.





THOMAS EVANS
 (policeman, G 145). On the morning of 2nd Dec. I assisted in taking M'Kendrick and another man into custody at the police court door at Worship-street—I said, "You are charged with being concerned with others in stealing a lot of watches and jewellery from Mr. Wood, of Holborn"—they both said, "I know nothing about it, I have had no jewellery"—M'Kendrick was taken to Mr. Sowerby's shop, and shown to Mr. Greaves; after which I had charge of him at the station—he said the watch that he took to the pawnbroker's he sold to a man in the street, whom he did not know, for 15s., and that he received it from a boy at a beer shop—I was with inspector Brannan when he went to Saunders's house—I brought Saunders out of the house; on passing his wife as he left the house he said to her, "Say nothing."

Cross-examined by
MR. B. THOMPSON. Q. Did not M'Kendrick give himself up to you? A. No.
(The statements of Wilson and M'Kendrick before the Magistrate were here read, as follows—Wilson says, "I own I pledged one ring at Mr. Brook's, that is all I had to do in the matter"—M'Kendrick says, "All that I have to say is, Penfound gave me the watch that I offered in pledge in Chiswellstreet.")





JOHN HURLSTONE
. I am second clerk, at Worship-street. The prisoner Saunders was examined there before Mr. Hammill, the Magistrate, on 27th Nov.—I was present, and took down the evidence of inspector Brannan; at the end of which Saunders said, "I said that was the watch; I told him he may take them freely"—on 9th Dec. I took the evidence on the examination of Penfound—after Garratt had given his statement about Penfound, Penfound said, "I told you three silver watches, as well as the gold."





THOMAS RAFTERY

re-examined. All these articles are part of the property stolen from my master's house on the night of 23rd Nov.—I swear to the wedding rings, here is "J. O." on each of them—the sapphire ring found at Saunders's is worth 10l., and the gold watch about the same—the wedding rings are worth about 2l. at the cost price—the whole of the property found at Saunders's is worth about 22l.
(John Ramsay, butcher and tripeman, of No. 14, Long-alley, Moorfields, gave M'Kendrick a good character. Richard Stubbing, French polisher, of No. 8, Old-street-road, and Louisa Ford, tailoress, of Whitecross-street, gave Wilson a good character. Mary Rook and John Widdows gave Watts a good character. Saunders also received a good character.)

PENFOUND—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.


SAUNDERS—


NOT GUILTY
.

M'KENDRICK—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

WILSON—



GUILTY. Aged 19 of Receiving.



WATTS—


GUILTY
. Aged 16. 




Transported for Seven Years.

