




801. 




PETER BENGE
 and 




WILLIAM GILLINGS



, burglary in the dwelling house of 



John Wood, and stealing 6 paintings, value 1,000l.; and other goods, 6l. 55.; his property.


MR. RIBTON
conducted the Prosecution.






SARAH BANNISTER
. I am servant to Mr. John Wood, No. 65, Upper Charlotte-street, Fitzroy-square. I recollect going to bed on the night of Thursday, 2nd June, about a quarter before 11 o'clock—I secured the house, I fastened the doors and windows in the usual way—I came down in the morning, at a quarter past 6 o'clock; I found the house very confused, the dining room door was open—the back parlour, and the door of the drawing room was open—they were all closed when I went to bed—I examined the kitchen, the window was closed, and the shutters were to, and a box put before them—the shutters had been closed the night before, and a wooden bar put against them—in the morning the bar was found in the dust place outside—there was no bolt on the window, the window could have been opened from outside, and the bar was gone—I am quite certain I put it up

the night before—I went back to see that I had done to—I found that in the parlour six pictures had been cut from the stretchers, and were gone—the sideboard had been burst open, and the contents taken out—I had seen the pictures safe the night before—these are them.





JOHN WOOD
. I am an artist, and live at No. 65, Upper Charlotte-street, St. Pancras. On the morning of 3rd June, I came down stairs about a quarter past 6 o'clock (I had gone to bed about a quarter before 10 o'clock the night before)—I found the dining room in the greatest possible confusion—the pictures which had been against the walls bad had the stretchers taken out of the frames, and the pictures cut out in the most careful manner—the pictures were my own productions, and were of the greatest value—I value them at 1,000l. altogether—one of them was in a heavy frame, and the ornaments must have been removed from the mantelpiece before taking it down—it would have taken at least two men to do it—these are the pictures (produced)—I had looked at them the day before.





JANE LOCOCK
. I am married, and live in Foley-street. I know Mr. Wood's house in Charlotte-street, Fitzroy-square—I passed it on 2nd June, at 11 o'clock at night, I saw three men standing at the door—there are three steps—there was one man on each step—I. passed close to the steps—I had a flowerpot in my hand, and I stopped to change it from one hand to the other—I believe the prisoner Gillings to be one of the men—I had an opportunity of seeing his face from the gas lamp, which was four or five yards from the spot—he had a bushy moustache then, and looked very different to what he does now; still I feel justified in saying he is the man—he was at first looking down the area—after he looked down there he looked towards me, his eye met mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. You were going home as rapidly as you could? A. Yes; I had no particular reason for stopping, only to change the flowerpot from one hand to the other—I do not think I put down the flowerpot; I put down a jug I had, on a step, before Mr. Wood's door—the person, who I believe was Gillings, had a moustache as dark as the hair on his head—that moustache would give him a foreign air—I said in my statement he appeared like a foreigner—I saw him again last Thursday, four weeks afterwards—I was required to go to Marlborough-street—I work only two doors from Mr. Wood's, and of course I was easily communicated with—I gave a description of the men the following morning—I was told I was going to see them, a policeman came for me—the men were not there, they were brought in afterwards—I was asked if I knew either of them, and I said I believed this man to be one—I feel disposed to swear to him—the more I think of it the more certain I am—he had a hat on—he had black clothes, not the same dress he has now.

Cross-examined by
MR. RIBTON. Q. You gave a description the morning after? A. Yes; two policemen came to where I work, and I gave the description of them—when I came to mistress in the morning, she said Mr. Wood had been robbed, and I told what I had seen—I gave a description of what I had seen the night before—I only saw these two men when I was at the police office.

JAMESCOFFEE (police sergeant, 27 31). On 22nd June I went to No. 50, Regent-street, Westminster; the name of Gillings is over the door—Gillings and Benge live in that house—it is a marine store dealer's shop—I entered by the shop, and went to the first floor back room—the door of that room was locked—I first knocked, and Benge came up stairs from the lower part of the house—I had received a key from another constable, and I put it

in the door, and opened it—when Benge came up I told him I came from Mr. Minton, a metal dealer over the water, to purchase some paintings—Benge was then present; he went into the room with us—I do not believe he knew where we got the key—when I went in I found these six paintings rolled up on a box in the room—I looked at them, and asked Benge who they belonged to—he said, "To my nephew and me"—I said, "What do you want for them?"—he said, "I don't know, my nephew is out; would you call again?"—I said, "Do you live in this house?"—he said, "I do I live in the kitchen; I have lived there some time"—I then put the bolt on the door, and told him we were officers of police, and these paintings were the produce of a burglary, and I should take him in custody on suspicion of being concerned in the burglary—he said, "Oh, indeed! I am only a lodger in the house, I know nothing at all about them"—I made a search, and found three silver watches in a box in the room, and four duplicates, three of which relate to watches and a chain.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. When you went in the shop you went up stairs? A. Yes, and the other officer followed me up; I knocked once, and was going to knock a second time when I received the key—I did not go down in the kitchen at all.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. You say there was some name over the door? A. Yes; it was either Benge or Gillings; but I forget which—I swear it was either Benge or Gillings.





WILLIAM MILLERMAN
 (policeman, B 95). On 22nd June I apprehended Gillings, at No. 6, White Horse-street, Lambeth, about 6 o'clock in the evening: when I went in I found four or five more with him—I said to him, "Bill, I want you about these paintings; you must come along with me; they were found in your room"—he said he did not know anything about them—if they were there somebody must have put them there—I took him to the station—I have known the house in Westminster for years—the names of Benge and William Gillings are both over the door.

Cross-examined by
MR. SLEIGH. Q. Do not you know that neither Gillings nor Benge are the persons who are the proprietors of that house? A. Not to my knowledge; I have known the house eight or nine years—I think the "William Gillings" has been put up within the last twelve months—I do not know that the name of Gillings has been over the door as long as I remember the house; I had no occasion to notice it—I believe there is another Gillings, a brother of this one—I cannot say that he is much older than this one—I do not know that another person of the name of Gillings was residing in that house, only this one—I have seen this one go in and out there at late hours—I do not know that he is the proprietor of it—I know he has a brother—I will not say about his being older than this one—he seemed younger.

MR. RIBTON. Q. How long have you known this Gillings? A. I suppose these ten years; I have seen him go in and out of that house—there is William Gillings over the door—I cannot say how long it has been there.

COURT. Q. Do you know any other person of the name of Benge who lives in that house? A. No; I do not know that there are several persons living in that house—I know a brother of Gillings—I have seen him at that house, but I do not know that he lived there—it is four or five years since I saw the brother.





WILLIAM SMEE
 (policeman, E 110). I went with Coffee, on 22nd June, to the house in Regent-street—the name of Gillings is over the window, and Alfred Benge is over the front of the shop—it has the appearance of a marine store shop—when we went in, Coffee went up stairs first, and when hewas

up, knocking at the door, he asked if I could give him a key that would open the back room door—I took the key out of the back parlour door and took it up to Coffee—I went in the room with him—it was about a quarter past 8 o'clock in the evening—I remained in the room all the time, and heard the conversation.

Cross-examined by
MR. O'BRIEN. Q. Who did you find in the shop? A. Three or four children—Benge came up the kitchen stain.

Benge received a good character.


BENGE—


GUILTY

of receiving. Aged 37.—



Confined Six Months.


GILLINGS—


GUILTY

of burglary. Aged 19.

Gillings was further charged with having been before convicted.






BENJAMIN BRETT
 (policeman, B 129). I produce a certificate of Gillings' conviction—(read: "William Gillings, convicted of burglary, Oct. 1851.—
Confined six months")—I was present at the trial—he is the man.

GUILTY. †—


Transported for Ten Tears.

